NEWS FROM BUNBURY. (From our Correspondent.) A grand concert was given in tho Catnolio sohoolvoom oh Wednesday even ing last in nid of Mioliael Connor, who was disabled recontly during the construction of tho South- western lino. Connor Was ono of tho gangers on tho lino, and had the mis;. fortune to loso his left arm through an ac cident. Tho schoolroom was crowded nnd everything proved a groat buccoss. It has boon ostimated that there were over 500 persons present, and there is not tho slightest doubt that it was the largest gathering that has ovor assembled together in one room in Bunbury. Miss Daly un doubtedly carriod off tho palm of the oven ing, her ohanning singing being generally admired. Mr. Stafford's character songs wero also vory much appreciated. Mr. Parry's cornet solos wove an innovation hero and much applauded. It is, I believe. the tirsli time suoh an item has been in cluded in the programme of a concert in Bun bury. The following was tho programme :— Overture, Mr. Harper, ' Selections from tho Grand Duchess j' Glee, 'All among the Barley,' by Mesdames Turner and Stafford, the Misses Foss and Timperley and' Mr. Stafford) song, Miss Alico Timperloy, 'Como back to Erin)' cornet solo/ Mr. Parry, 'Tho Silvo* Stroam Polka' (this reoeived an onoore, for whioh Mr. Parry gave ' Alice, Where art thou) i ' duet, Miss Teede and Mr. N. Moore, 'Very Improper Indeed j' song, 'Dear Bird of Winter,' Miss Daly (Miss Daly recoived an encore for this song, but owing to tho lengthy nature of the programme she was unable to gratify the wish of the audience) j violin solo, Mr. H. H. Hamloy, 'Ler Concerto pour le violon par C. de Beriot j song, Mr. Bradshaw, ' Out on the Deep ; ' song, Miss Poss, ?'Twickenham Ferry j' comio song, Mr. Banting, 'Eighteen Ponoej' comic song in oharaoter, Mr. Stafford, ' The awful littlo Sorub' (Mr. Stafford received an oncore for this song, for whioh he gave a Yokel song, ' Tooraleo'). After an interval of flvo ininutos Miss Foss played an ovovturo, ' Tho Ghost Melody.' This was followed by a comio song in oharaoter, -'Tho Awkward Squad,' by. Messrs. Banting, Bradshaw, Cattetfc and Caporn) Song, Mrs, Turner, 'When the quiot Moon is Beaming/' Mr. Corbott thon gave a short ventriioquial entertainment. This was followed by a song by Miss Dalv. ' The blind girl to hor harp.' Miss Daly received' an onthusiastio encore, for whioh she-gave ' Tho beautiful island.' Cornet solo, Mr. Parry,. ' KiUarney1.' Song and dance, Mr. Keavon, ' Donnybrook Fair.' Mr. Koaven recoived an encore, for whioh he gave ' At tho rising of the moon.' Mr. H. Weiss sang a negro oharaoter song, ' Poor thing.' Miss A. Timperley sang ' Who can say, Mr. Hamloy played a violin solo ' Tho Harp that onco through Tara's Halls.' Character song, Mr. Stafford, 'The poor Chinee.' The National Anthem, played by Mr. Parry on the cornet, accompanied by Mr. Harper on tho piano, brought tho en tortainment to a oloso, The Wellington Licensing Meeting was held on June 5, before Mr. W. H. Timpor loy, E.M. (Chairman), and Mossrs. E. H. Eoso, sonr., and J. F. Johnston, J,P. W. B. Diamond applied for a liconse to koop the Wellington Hotel, Granted. Mr. A. Illingworth appliod for a license to keep fcho Eoso Hotel. Granted. D. Flood ap plied for a lioonso to keep an hotel now in course of construction near tho jetty. Tho application was granted on condition that beforo opening the house should in spected by the police and receive their approval. Tho applicant was ordered to pay speoial attention to tho sanitary ar rangements of the house. A somewhat stormy diaoussiou then ensued between Mr. Kelly and the Liconsing Bench with referenoe to the lioonsing of a wayside inn at Boyanup. It appears that at the last licensing meeting an application was made for a provisional certificate for this house, and it was granted on oertain conditions relating to the height and construction of tho building. This, Mr, Kelly pointod out to the Benoh) wns altogether beyond the powors givon to thorn in the Lioonsing Act, which, although it gave them arbitrary powers in other respeots, only allowed them to grant a provisional certificate in« the case of a publioan's general license paying a hoenso at tho rate of ,£40 per annum. Ho (Mr. Kelly) also complained bitterly of the manner in whioh applicants for a license for this house had been treated whon they came to the Court to make the necessary arrangements for applying for a license. He pointed but that it amounted to little botter than constant persecution. If possible he wanted to havo the biulding licensed and not be driven into a corner and have to start what the law might call a bogus olub. Tho Chairman after looking up the Aot admitted that tho Licensing BonolV had noted irregularly in granting a provisional certificate. In reply to Mr. Kelly's remarks as to tho treatment applic ants had received at the Court, he Baid that he was quite justified in warning applicants of tho danger they were running if they came merely as a oloak for another man. Mr. Kelly replied that the Benoh had nothing whatevor to do with that— all they had to do was with the applioant. If fifty mon were to come and tell tho Bonoh that Kelly was really running the house, tho Benoh could only deal with the holder of the lioonse. After somo furthor disoussionof a similar nature, Mr. Kelly said that he could see that ho would bo compelled to start a olub j It appoared that there were two laws in Bunbury, as regards the licensing Benoh— one law for Kelly and another for all other applicants. The Bunbury Looal Board of Health held their usual monthly mooting last Mon day evening, Thero was a full attendance of niembors. One of the prinoipal matters brought undor their notice was tho report by the Inspeotor of Nuisances, in whioh he drew attention to tho insanitary condition of Mr. North's cottages. The board appoint pd a committee to -view the spot, and if neoossary to take prompt and deoisivo ao- tion to do away with the nuisanco. June 10. 