'SPIRITS" AND THEIR WAYS. (By Mr. Stuart Cumberland in the Pall Mall Gazette.) MATKRIAUSATTOXS. The days of ghost-catching are practically past. The moderns who " materialised" spirit forms are wary, and materialise only in the presence of those who are disinclined to lay rude hands upon their visitors from the other world. But, for the delectation of the faithful, forms are still " materialised," and accepted by them as spirits above proof that is disproof. I have caught " spirits," Sir George Sitwell has caught a " spirit," and the late Crown Prince Rudolph has added to the long list of captures. In each case the captured " spook" has been either the medium or a confederate masquerading as a " form." some seldom went beyond " materialising a " spirit-hand," although on one occasion he materialised a foot in the pro- vince of Napoleon III. The " spirit" to whom this foot belonged was no respecter of persons ; it-the foot- actually kicked the then great Emperor, who, so the story goes, was not able to sit down with comfort for the rest of the evening. After this Home-who had to leave Paris gave up materialising " spirit-fool." It is not necessary to describe a " mate- realisation" Banco ; it is always the same old game with variations. All that I need do is to explain how the " Business" is worked. Some interesting work from a cabinet, some from behind a curtain, whilst others " materialise" in the open-in the dark. Some cabinets have a trap-door. In such cases confederate can work the oracle whilst the medium sits securely tied in the cabinet. But many mediums work single handed, " materialising" under what are termed " stringent test conditions ;" that is to say, they allow themselves to be searched before commencing the season, and after being searched to be secured in some form or other. Leave it to them, however, to got out of their bonds. A favourite " test" was that of placing the medium in a sack drawn tightly round the moderns neck with a running tap, which was tied in a knot at the Saale and goaled. The wrists were also tied with ropes, the ends passed through two little holes in the bag, knotted, and soared. Under such conditions it would be impossible for a medium to get out of the bag without either cutting the tapes or breaking the seals. But your medium knows a thing or two. When he is in the bag he draws down a couple of foot or so of the running tape from a little slit in the ham inside and loops it on to a hook in his waistcoat. You then draw the tapes. taut outside from behind ; but all the medium has to do is to unhook the loop, leaving him plenty of room to crawl out of the bag. But how about the tapes round his wrists ? That is simple enough. The mo- dium does not pass the ends of those tapes through the holes for you to do, but dummy ends with which he has supplied himself. In this way he is never secured, and can " materialise" at IUB own sweet will. The " spirit garments" are sometimes handed in by a confederate; they may be contained in a rug with a false pocket or concealed in a secret recess, to which the medium has access a few yards of gauze, a little phoBplirous oil, some strips of wadding and the trick is done. " Materialised forms" require but few " props." With wadding a medium can readily change his face to any appearance. Let any one of my readers try the experiment. Take a piece of wadding, cut out two holes for the eyes and a slit for the mouth, smear the face with glycerine, and stick it on throw some white muslin over head, and your best friend, in a dim light, will take you for anything but what you are. The face of the fresh and youthful spirit is produced by rubbing a little rough on that portion of the wadding which covers the cheeks. A little common or garden blue will make a ghost sufficiently ancient to satisfy the most exacting in this direction. I may mention for the information of those who wish to go in for a little amateur " materialisation" that a patent has not yet been taken out for this ghostly make-up. The " spirit hand" business is interesting even to the unbeliever, if well done to the emotions it is decidedly creepy, while to the out-and-out believer it is over a most convincing sign. The " spirit-hand " is worked at a covered table, at which sits the medium. The medium places his hands upon the table and the third and " spirit-hand" appears at his side. The " sitters" are always some distance from the table while the " manifestation" is being worked. " But how does the medium produce the third hand, if, as you say, both of his hands are upon the table in full view of the sitters ?" That is the rub. The medium has a stuffed flesh-coloured glove, to which is attached a cuff; to this cuff is attached a piece of strong elastic. This elastic runs up his trousers leg, and is fastened round his waist. Before the seance begins the glove lies hidden in the log of his trousers he, unseen by the sitters, draws down the glove, and fixes the cuff on the toe of his boot. The "spirit-hand " is now ready for production. He slides his leg to the foot of which the glove is fixed over his other leg, so that the glove just comes in sight-the log itself is covered by the table-cloth. The " spirit-hand " is produced. He withdraws his leg, displaces the glove with his other foot, and elastic pulls it up his trousers, as before. The "epirit-hand " | has disappeared. I could go on explaining the various forms of " materialisation " jugglery until the four-and-twenty columns of this paper would not afford space enough to contain what I wrote ; but the instances I have given will, I fancy, suffice. One jugglery explains another jugglery ; what more will you ? " Materialised forms," as become airy, fairy visitors from the other world, should be light on their feet. This is why mediums divest themselves of their boots when they II are " materialising." But this consideration for the spirits' lightness of bread has its drawbacks. Bastian in his eagerness f to escape from the clutches of the Crown Prince Rudolph, fled from the seance room unshod. The spirit he materialised " left no address where his boots could be sent on to, and they, I believe, remain at the palace in Vienna to this day. On one occasion a Yankee medium, who had " materialised" the spirit of Dante, carne utterly to grief. When Dante's speak" was gliding across the seance room he trod upon the business ends of a number of tin tacks, which some wicked sceptic had strewn upon the floor. The language of that speak" was unspeakably shocking. It was not of course to be expected that a " spook" would be silent under such exceptionally distressing circumstances ; but, allowing that Dante might be permitted to deliver himself of a few big D's, he certainly ought to have sworn in Florentine instead of the broad Yankee that he did But, again, what will you, the materialised form" being the medium ? In my third and concluding article I shall deal with spiritualism" mental phenomena. 