' ; L Cuttings from the " Sydney Bulletin." — _ — +. Lord Jersey has said, after getting safely ont of thiB beastly country, that "payment of ;inembers is a bait to needy r.dventurers." It is .eat least equally true, although Jersey doesn't ay so, that paid Governorships are also a bait tb needy adventurers— such as English " noble- , men" who find themselves in pawn to the V'-- - # V A Molong (N.S.W.) storekeeper, the other day, succeeded, before Chief Justice Darley and a jury, in recovering £1100, to wit — gcods, £420; interest at 10 per cent., compounded at jquarterly periods, £680 1 The Bulletin has to hand a private and '-confidential circular of a new several per « slient. establishment, Sydney, the object where- I of is " to meet a long-felt want which has existed amongst gentlemen requiring temporary loans for a few days or a few months." A long-felt want 1 # Premier Patterson has, presumably, a poor opinion of the dozen and nine men who found a true bill against Davics and Miliidge. All cranks. If not cranks, where did M'Donald's p madness come in ? A fine point for Patterson's "subtle mind to deal with, v.- " # 1 Laed has advanced, and is likely to rise still >_ higher, owing to the cessation of "work in so . many silver-lead mines. ' A Melb. rowing clnb, asked by its bank for a reduction, of overdraft,, replied that- the club \- ; had suspended to reconstruct, and that the f bank would have to take members' tickets in t the new club as payment. Three gentlemen, who- constituted a "com mittee of advice" to the liquidators of the 'Federal Bank, have been granted £100 each fir their services by a judge in Chambers. It. t /would be interesting to hear what advice they have been given core -rning James Muhro's I dealings with the capital of that same bank, i . ; ; i - : Onoe more, how about that £20,000 missing from the . debris of. the Imperial Bank ? It must have gone somewhere, even if the. cat \- qiokit. ! - ? t Upend it. Constructed pending reclosing. Agaiq — closed pending reconstruction, and so ' on ! « Altogether, £2,665,152. Government money was financed into the reconstructed banks in Queensland, Of this, the N.Q.'s nest- egg was £2,394,152. ' # # Hard times! One Sydney - firm :is now I advertising widely that it is selling cheap scrap- leather to enable the pqblic to inend their o,wn boots. And at almost every Sydney tobacco- waist's you now see exposed for sale leaf- \- tobacco which people buy at a chilling a ; pound and " manufacture" for themselves. Lady Duff, it is eomplained, visited an Aim-' \- txalian circus before attending ah Australian : church. - ' , V. t To one single individual 6hareholder<ofGold6- ' brough, Mort & Co. the present trouble means £20,000 a year in ealte ! ' « " ' According to Brisbane paper, the ladies of the local Children's Hospital have dismissed' a five-yeara-muse for having acted as a brides maid — in her own time, off duty—without fiint. asking their leave 1 , The S. A. Railway Commissioners have intro- . duced regulations under which a carpenter travelling with a basket of tools, or a news paper-runner carrying a bundle of papers, is charged extra, while the person taking along a V . big trunk is let through without to pay for it # ... The last outward Germvn steamer took away from Australia about 140 German workers, and »'<. passages were refused to scores oE others; The steamers of Sonth Africa are being iairl v rosh- „ ed. " ! In response to an advt. in a Sydney morning ' paper, "Fonnd near G.P.O. four sovereigns r wrapped in paper," it is said that no less than \- seven persons alleged they had dropped the coins; and the ad. was.only a "gag," after all. f # " J." f on. sas _« r S A. .xiic p.Biuvub ui uuuuou jueaicax o0dc17 exhibitei a leper under process of care ! Treat/ I. ment: Small doses of arsenic and abstinence . . from fish diet. A still better cure— Large doses of arsenic. The Traveller (Melb.) tells how a drummer t -at a bush hotel was rudely wakened by a shrill r female vcice "Ain'tyougoing to get up to-day?" _ "What's that got to do with you?" "'Cause ifs gone 12 o'clock, and we want the sheets to " lay the dinner." Chestnut 1 1 ' . ) The usual weekly Manilla diver has been add ed to the victimsof misadventure bypearlfisheiy in North Queensland. " Not a paper winces as it calmly records each successive tragedy and calls upon -Premier MTlwraith to import more coolies . to kill off (by usurpation) the white man. V - This year's deficiency in the N.S.W. revenue ; : wiU probably be between a million and a mill- ion-and-a-hfdf. The deficiency for jupe was £182,000. Civil servants are now beihg dis- missed by tbe hundred, to swell tbe ever-grow- i - iag and desperate army of Ae unemployed. Harry Yogel, sou of tbe historic Julins, fis _ said to be a likely candidate for Wellington at- next Maoriland election. Probably he'will find \- ' that the Maorilandera are full np of everything i:: hearing thename of VcgeL # Parkes has received a letter from ex-Gov. Hqr- <cnles Robinson, in which the latter announces himself a Homo Ruler. This is as it should be. \- While in Australia, Hercules was very- much under petticoat government. Another N.8.W. Permanent Artilleryman has ' come to annntimely end" by "an" overdose pf ' opium." As the magistrate said at the inquest, ' ; the force seems to nave got an epidemic of sni- \- cidal There is only one thing.the mat ter with the Permanent Artillery me-rGrog. Old Octavns Weld, the ancient medico of "' Mount Barker, s. a., lost ohe eye when a. ' lad. When be went to hare his qnalificatiphs regis tered, the clerk wrote his name Octavius Not Octavius, but Octavns," corrected the doctor, whereat the facetious clerk, with a merry grin : "Oh, yes, Octavhis with the 'i' out." : The designation stili sticks. That story about the AustraL'an military offi- ' cer placed under arrest for saying "Hfand yon, ; \- -sir." in a sneering manner to a superior officer who. had given him a wigging, .recalls the would- be smart sergeant who charged > a man with 'Showing signs bf silent contempt." " Tbe Botiuchilds, are'said to. have waded into , Mt. Morgan shares at £12, £14, and £15.,' They. . .were guided by their own examiner, who. nb doubt, was guided by past' richness. -The" cul- ' tared mining stranger never knows or learns as : much -ot any big mine, in one or half-a-dozen -.examinations, as those who work and manage it ; from one year's end to another. After the Rothschilds, the others followed, \- and many Queenslanders thought it was good ; enough to buy in such a co. up to £17, at that time. There were few substantial owners of ehares, hence it is easy to guess who sold. The < Rothschilds faced the avalanche to the tune of \- hundreds of thousands, but the comparatively \- - Lillipntion Qaeenslanders were squashed be- neath the fall. . Apropos the arming (against larrikins) of the Sydney poliee, the local Echo : "That eqpalisqs matters. A- man with a good revolver is equal , toa number of fellows armed withroad metal." „ Wrong. It is not the "man with the good .re volver," but the "good man with the revolver.1" 3 "Nine men out of ten conldn't fait yon with a re- '"volver at twelve paces. -If the" police doht get j.igpecial pistol-lessons the road-metal will win ery time. # # ; . ' It is a noteworthy fact that most . curly- f<tmlred men (curly-haired men are the most nn- u .trustworthy ; in money-matters, land, being no good, are, of coarse, much, admired by the , fair lex) are also men of independent means. Very — 4ew working men of the curly order — which js sufficiently accounted for by the fact that they \- haven't time to pat their hair in papers every ' might. Let anybody pick oat the most curly- |! haired man he knows and shout "Fire" outside ' bis door at 2 a.m., and unless he is a person of £ extraordinary coolness and presence of min<i (. .. there will be a revelation. -. . Hard times 1 Tendere are being kailled for the kitchen refuse at tbe Adelaide Destitute a«yinm. The ghost of the shadow of a shade. 