COMMEMORATIVE SERVICES. On Sunday special services of a funeral character were held in St. George's Cathedral, morning and evening, in connection with the death of the late Bishop of Perth. Appro- priate gyms were sung, with specially ap- pointed lessons and psalms, and at both services the organist played the familiar Dead March from Handel's Saul. In most of the other churches of Perth also references of the most feeling description werre made to the sad occurrence, and deep sympathy expressed for those the Bishop has left behind. Below we give the allusions made to Dr. Parry from the respective pulpits:— ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAL. The Ten. Arohdiacon Watkins preached in the morping at the Catbedr*!. Th» Arjh deacon too'c as his text 1 Cor. xv, 58, ' There- fore, my beloved brethren, be ye steadfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of-the Lnrd, foraemnoh as ye know that year labour is not ia vain ia the Lord." After dwelling on the practical argument derived from the text in conneotion with the doctrine of the Resurrection, the preacher prooseded : Leas term four dava ago, on the 25th anni- versary of his consecration as a Bishop ef the Church of God, there passed a apicit ont of eeen into ncBeen regions, whose earthly e»ars»i I ventor» to think, the text accurately describe s t " Alway« abounding in the work of thelord." *'Faith and Dniy" were ever the snimaUngprinoipleBofonrBiahop'Blife. Wh»t was bis ever obeerfol hopefulness when snr.: Bounded by difficulties, and weighted with the "care of ail the, Churches," what.waa lt but faith; »hil« bis devotion to duty waa altogether out ot proportion to the strength with which fae was «ndoyred. And when we think *>f his unaffected simplicity ol life and manner, bia eingle-minded uprightness.; of purpost ; ilia .never-failing genthmaea and courtesy j bis consideration for others; hie forgetfnlne!« Ot self ; his habit of always thinking and speaking the best he could of those with; whom he came into oontaot, and of the wadineea with which he^would exert himself to do ian a«t ot kindness.) We may repeat te ourselves «a serely true pf bimi t> a lurge degree-" Behold, an Israelit« in ia whon^wae no gulle,", I, have referred briefly to some features in eur Bishop's «har acter. I forebear to spe humility, that conacioneneaa of «to, tb*, lowly eeaking after hie Saviour, whieh some'' of ue have bwcn privileged to rsoegnb» as nnderljing hts whole life. .His .piety waa net formal and official, bot genoine and per- sonal. I verily believe " he was a goodman, fail ot the Holy Ghost and cl faith;" apdtbat bia whole life, in health as fcrnly as in sickness,' fra* enalong and ooneistent preparation fer tKe g»athere»fter> Senos it mattered little for himself whether, bis final illness were long; or short* whether daring his last* hours he were conscious or not. - The preparation hod ai- read? been made> Teetoulwasalreadybraead, tba loins wera already girded.tbe feet w*re already shod for the great journey->-t he passing over from this troublesome world to the Paradise of Clod. Christian mern and women as 'we are, we mourn not fer him; for are we not assured " Blessed are the dead which die iq the Lord from.henceforth : yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labour?, and their, works do follow them." We mourn not for him who has reiohed the quiet shore end is safe from the waves which still beat uponjust but walde mourn for tho1*who have been so sorely and . sndlsoly bereaved-for the wife and the children who bave loBt that whiob can never be replaced. Brethren, our Bishop set ns. el) a goo J example. May ocr present sorrow tum io contrite prayer that grace may kindle in all on- hearts a holy emulation. L beware les* we fail to read aright the " living Epis !e" i-f lia daily life amoagst us. We OAIIH t tu grieve. Tot, oh.thought of joy! h« ia at rest. He ii with the blessed ones " beyond the veil " in a a etate of joy and felioi-y, awaiting that bohr, when all the stints of God shall have their perfect con summation and bliss in His eternal and ever- lasting g'ory. Therefore, my beloved brethren, bearing in mind the bright example of good living set you by your Bishop, " be (ye al?o steadfast, unmoveable, always abonnding in the work of the Lord, forasmnch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord." " Tbe Dean, who preached ia the evening, took as his tixt Isaiah xxx., 15 : M In quiet- ness and confidence shall be year strength^' and, -after dwelling on bis text, spoke as follows i-We stand to-day within the shadow ' of a dark sorrow. It has within the past week seemed good to God to take u ti Himself the soul of our dear, good Bis' op. He who three weeks ago stood on. I yonder altar step to bless us at the olose of our evening service, has been lying this week in the channel-the hand that was raised to bless ntl, powerless ; the eyes that gased with a father's love, closed ; the tongue of bene- diction silent, in death. And we know when next we see that form, so familiar and so loved, it will be when we all stand to hear the sentence of God on our lives. Ï will venture to; say all who knew- kim deeply lament his loss to ns, and that they who knew hi« bfftloyed bim best. I think at ff* #if^M*fW(^ lives and characters et His holy enes, that j we may be stimulated by their example, and learn the sa orce cf their strength. I am snre these words of Isaiah were abaelntely true of him whcm we are now mourning. In quietness and confidence were hie s'rengtb, as man, Christian and Bishop. Never have I known one so gentle, so kindly, so un* saspioioue, so forgiving. I have known him nesrly six years in OIOBS intimacy ; some of you have known him longer. I do not believe that one of ns haa ever heard fall from thsse lip. a eiBgle word that was aot inspired by the love he dr*w from cloe« communion with Him who ia Inoarnata Love. This quiet gen laues«, always unobtrusive, waa yet always to be seen; it waa uncon- strained, yet the fruit of self-duoipUne, enduring, though often provoked. Moreover, it waa genaine and real, tba true expression of a heart ia whioh malice and uakisdacaa ? were absolute strangers. ° Blessed are the metk." '- Quietness and confidence." Though all have with one voice confessed this con- spicuous gentleness in onr Bishop, yet the picture of his life would be mutilated indeed, the estimate ef bis charaoter most inadequate, if we stopped there. I balieve hie '* con- fidence " was every bit as greet an element in that saintly character as his V quietness. ' Confidence, for faith walks ev* r handln hand with lore ; end he always realised that tba wisdom et God rules and over-rules all. I have known him undertake works apparently almost bopeles, and in the face of opposition, itt spue ol indifference, nothmtbslandtng, perhaps, that he stood alone oren amongst his own counsellors, he has persevered, Sud stood firm wharerer principle was inTolred. Look at these walls within which we are gathered to- night. If jon seek for his momo, ment gase arenad yes. They stand to-day te tell of his bravery, - patience and faith. I suppose it would be - hard ta find ciroam Stances , of greater diffioalty and discourage- ment than those in wbioh he and his fellow -workers reared this, stately' house of God. .And when hs carried bis plan through was it vehemence, or strongswords, tor «tern deann-: «iation that, enabled, sim tosnoeeedi 3îay{ it was'that unconquerable -gentleness; that unfailing "quietness-/ wbioh.knew not when ? it waa beaten, and persevered threughall. I i baye (as I said) never known a gentler man. I have scarcely,known one so > tenacious .«f purpose-where he 'felt that his parpóse iras, .ons of high principie, and involved iGedty glory.. There is one mere charaefceristis of the Bishop whioh esñnet be left ont of sight \--his entire twselnshñes*. : &e; was tetar ready , to .aommanibate all the* be had-- I mean oil ia the largest «ad widest .ease. We denounce,.and Justly as, the anusíog sej^ahaess of -coaé irish «en, lihou; stupid s»lfisbnor great ir «Ith fa»wded-destined, perhaps, aftarlheirdsatlttoi.be wasted by spendthrifts; well-nigh*tra the a^eat p¿wer .of that instrument «hieb 0o4 has pl toed in their benda, which < ^taaána idle there. Bat t thin» ls a wraith gmterrtht^esold whteh we all have in oar a*easu*r,ibe wealth cf whteh no.vioisaitude« can deprive os, the wealth wbioh^as baa been ; said) iain the etrieteat sense our personalty, for it bat beceate part of onrselvea, and «e earry it about with as. This is oar in 'tdleofaal acquisitions, «ur social experiences,, and aboya el» the moral and spirital lessens whish.we have Seoomalated. These, as well as hfe substance, *he Bishop,^ was always, p omps to impart to-others. His tims,lus; service, him «If,-wera"Aeyoted to G^d, and ia ; God toa'l who neaded the«. In every relation- ship of life were these nebl* 'qualities shewn., lu his own home .we know they 8b*ne-~bat how brightly, bow folly, none jew say eave tkoBO who called him husbaai and fattier. As « friend, I' suppose, we cannot; number those who have reoaived from biskindly band and .gentle voice the tokens of sympathy, un selu&fauess;, pardon, generosity. As a oitiaen \--though always unobtrusive abd lowly-jet he shrank not from the brave exprewion of his sentiments ead principles, when morality, education or trae religion were involved. Asa Bishop, be ever shes ed himself to be atrae father in Gad-a Teal shepherd of souls. To his clergy ha was ever con- siderate and thoughtful, at the same time ready in all/gentleness and earnestness te rebuke, whoa rebuke was needed. A* bas been said when net (whoever they might be) stirred np strife, or kindled the spirit of partisanship, he always acted aa the Bishop, not of thia party or of that, bot of tbs whole choroh. He realised (God grant we may always do so) tba comprehensiveness of the Anglican Communion, and he would be the last to drive from her fold any. who clang to the fundamentals of the Christian faith. - In thia senae he waa liberal. God gi ve-na all grace to be liberal, as he was, constantly : with principle, hf ay his auccESsor have but some measure of bis " q&ietaess; and confi- dence," his unselfishness and devotion. And so we are rai to-day, as we know, that on earth we shall be ebecred, consoled, strength- ened by him no more. Theta eould not but he sorrow, though we laid him to rest "in sure »nd o9r through our L' change both his and our bodies, that they may be like unto His glorious Body according' to tbe mighty work'ng whereby He is abie to subdue all things to Himself." He has passed away, yet hs hath an inmortality even on earth, as the reoelleotion of bia holy influence and example still stirs us in the moment of passion and strife, of doubt and despair. Wo realise indeed that though dead he sti'l apeaketfa, and that voice, whose living tones bath ia the past taught us the Jraih of God, end sailed na to liva the life of Christ, atíll, in ether fesfaloa, ssnu&oai; us to give earsama. $e Ged and* par bretbreg A» h> did. f,0h i the ehsnnsl of every life amongst ae ead soften and fertilise the whole broad life of oar oommuoity. And in the oeming weeks as yea try to live hie life, do not forget day by day to pray that God will tend aa his snooessor as faithfnl and devout a Bishop, as holy and self .saorif eine; a Christian, ss gentle and high-piineîpîed a man to ear ry on the work of God here, and steer the bark of oar Charon safely through all the perils and trials that encompass her. The Dean eon* «laded by quoting Xeble's versea relating to Nathaniel, the Israelite in whom there was waa uo gaile, ,. 