FROM THE GRAVE. "Do we indeed desire the dead Should still-be near us at our side. -TENNYSON. “Why," Daymond wrote, “ do you im agine that I shall despise you for this con fession None but a whole-soaled, high hearted woman could have made it. You have said you bvo mo, frankly ; and Isay in return that had the fountains of my heart not' been hopelessly dried up at their, sources they must have sprang forth gladly at such words from you. But the passion of love* dear friend, it is for roe no more to know ; and I hold you in too warm regard to offer yon, in exchange for shekels of pare Ophir gold, a defaced and 'worthless coinage.” As Daymond penned the closing words of-the sentence, the last rays of the smoky-red London sunset were withdrawn. Only a little while ago he had replenished' the fire with fresh. logs ; but they were damp and charred slowly, giving forth no pleasant flame. He struck a . match and lighted a taper that stood upon bis writ ing table. It created a feeble oasis of yelb.w rudia 6j upon the darkness cf the great studio, and the shadow /of Day mond’s head and shoulder?, above it, Was oast upwards in gigantesquc cari cature upon the skylight, reduced to frosty-white opacity by a burden of March snow; ■ Daymond r poised the drying pen in white, well-kept' fingers, and read over, what he had written. Underlying all, the elegance of well modelled phrases was the sheer, brutality of rejection, definitely expressed. His finely-strung mental or ganisation revolted painfully at the im perative necessity of b- ing cruel. “She asks for bread,” he cried aloud, “ and 1 am giving her a stone I” The lofty walls and domed roof of bis work shop gave back the words to him, and his sensitive ear noted the theatrical twang of the echo. Yet the pang of remorso that had moved him to speech was quite genuine. ‘‘You ha/e heard my story.” A great many people had heaid it, and had been bored by it; but, sensitive as Day mend’s perceptions were, he was not alive to this fact* “ Seventeen years ago, while I was stijl a student, dreaming of fame in a draughty Paris studio, 1 met the woman who was destined—I felt it then as I know it now—to be the one love of my life. She was an American, a little older than myself. She was divinely beautiful to me—I hardly know whether she was really so or not. We gave up all, each for each. She left husband, home, friends, to devote her life to me. 1 —• ” He palish, trying to sum up the list of his own sacrifices, and ultimately left the break, as potent to express much, and went on : “ Guilty as I suppose we wore, we were happy together—how happy I dare not even recall. Twenty-four months our life together lasted, and then came the end. It was the cholera year in Paris; the year which brought-me ray first foretaste of success in Art, robbed mo of all joy in life. ... She died. Hor ribly 1 suddenly 1 And the best of me lies buried in her grave.” The muscles of his throat tightened with the rigor that accompanies emotion ; his eyelids smarted. Ho threw back his still handsome head, and a tear fell shin ing on the delicately-scented paper under neath his hand. He looked at tho drop ns it spread and soaked iqto a damp little circle, and made no uso of the blotting paper to remove' the stain; If any crude ly candid observer had' told Daymond that he dandled this desolation of his— took an {esthetic delight in his devotion to the coffined handful of dust that had once lived and palpitated at his touch, he would have been honestly outraged and surprised. Yet tho thing was true. He had made bis sorrow into a hobby horse during tho last fifteen years of honest re gret, of absolute faithfulness to the me mory of bis dead mistress. It gratified him to see the well-trained creature dance and perform the tricks of the Imute ocole. He was aware that the romance of that past, which he regretted w'th such real sine rity, added something to the glamour of his achieved reputation, his established fame, in the eyes of the world. The halo which it cast about him bad incre is* d his desirability in the eyes of the great lady who, after affording him numberless unutilised opportunisms for tho declar ation of a sentiment which her large hand some person and her large handsome pro perty had inspired in many other men, hind written him a frank, womanly letter, placing those ommodi ties unreservedly at his disposal- And Daymond,-in his con scious, fidelity and unconscious vanity, must perforce reply wintrily,nipping with the east wind of non-reciprocity the ma ture passion-tendrils which sought to twine themselves about him. It was a painful task, though tho obligation of it tickled him agreeably—another proof of the inconsistency of the man, who may bo regarded as a type of ! humanity; for we are all veritable Daymonds, in that the medium which gives os back to our own gloating eyes day by day is never the crystal mirror of truth, bub suoli ft lying gloss as tne charlatans of centuries ngono were wont to make for ancient kings and withered queens to mop and mow in. Daymond pushed back his olidr, and got up, and began to pace from end to end of the studio. The costly Moorish carpets muffled the falling of his footsteps, which intermittently soundsd on the, polished interspaces of tho parqueted floor, and then wore lost again in velvet silence, In the same way, his tall figure, with it's thoughtfully bending head and hands clasped behind it, would bo swal lowed'up amongst tho loom! g shadowsj of tall easels or faintly glimmering sug gestions of sculptured figures which here and there thrust portions of limbs or angles of faces out of tho dusk—to appear again with the twilit north window for its. back-ground, or emerge once more upon the borders of the Tittle island of taper-shine. So he moved amidst the works of his genius restlessly and wearily to and fro, and tho incoherent mutter ings which broke from him showed that his thoughts were running in the beaton track of'years. “ If .1 could see her again—if our eyrs and lips and hands and hearts m’giib meet for even the fraction b! a minute, as they usedHo do, .it would bo enough, X oulU wait then patiently through tho slow de cay, of tho cycles for the taming of th" key in rusty wards, and the clunking of my broken fetters on the echoing stone, and the burst of light that shall herald my deliverance from prison.” He lifted his arras above his head. “ Oh, my dead love,"roy dear love I if you arc near, as 1 have sometimes fancied you speak to mb’, loach mo—one'’, only oboe.” Ho waited a moment, with closed eyelids and outstretched hands, and then* with a dry sob of baffled longing:stumbled buck to his writing-table, whore the little taper was flickering its last;' and dropped Into hisigrmobair.. ■ . “ And other women talk of love to me.! What wonder I am cold as ice to them,; ; remembering her I” ' . . \- It was a scene he had gone through scores of times—words and gestures vary ing according to the pathetic inspiration of the moment. He knew that ho was pale, and that his eyes were bleared with weeping, and he had o kind of triumph in the knowledge that the pain'of retrpspec-1 tive longing and of present loneliness was ' so poignantly real and keen.* Out of the. blackness behind his chair at that moment came a slight stir and rustic—nob the sound of a vagrant draught stirring' among folds of tapestry, bat an undeni ably human sound. But half displeased with the suspicion that there bad boon a witness to his agony, he-turned—turned and saw Her, the-well-beloved of the old,' old; time, standing very near him. Beyond a vivid sensation of astonish ment, he felt little. He did not tremble with fear—what was there in; that per fectly familiar face to fear? He did not fall stammering with incoherent rapture at her feet. And yet, a few moments ago, he bad felt thet for one sight of her, returned from the Unknowable to comfort him—dragged back from the mysterious Beyond by his strong yearnings—be wonld have bartered fame, honor, and wealth— submitted his body to unheard-of tortures —shed his blood to the lost heart’s drop; He had prayed that a miracle might” bo performed, and the prayer had beon| 1 granted. He had longed—desperately j longed—to look on her once more, and I the longing was satisfied. And he could I only stare wide-eyed, and gap® with dropped jaw, and-say stupidly: . “You?” For answer she turned her face—in hue, and line,- and feature, not one whit altered—so that the light might illumine it fully, and stood so regarding him in silence. Every pore of her seemed to drink in the sight of him ; her lips were : parted in breathless expectancy. Every hair of the dark head—dressed in the fashion of fifteen years ago; every fold of the loose dress she wore—a garment he knew again; every lift and fall of her bosom seemed to cry out dumbly to him. There was a half-quenched spark glimmer ing in each of her deep eyes, that might have wanted only one breath from bis mouth to break out into flame. Her bands bung clasped before her. It seemed as if they were only waiting for the signal to unclasp—for the outspread arms to summon him to her heart again. But the signal did not come. He caught a breath, and repeated, dully ; “ You 1 Is it you ?’ She returned : “ It is I.” The well-known tones 1 Recollection up-sprang in his heart like a gush of icy waters. For a moment he was thrilled to the centre of his being.' But the smitten nerve chords ceased to vibrate in another moment, and he rose to offer her a chair. She moved across and took it, and he placed it by the angle of the wide hearth; she lifted her skirts aside with a move ment that came back to him a long way oft, like her tone in speaking—and shad ing her deep grey eyes from the dull red heat with her white left hand, looked at him intently. He having pushed his own seat back into the borders of the shadow land beyond the taper’s gleam and the hearth-glow, looked back at hor. That hand of hors boro no ring. When lie had broken the plain gold link that had fettered it in the time past, he had set in its place a ruby that had belonged to his mother. The ruby was on his finger now. He bid it out of sight in the pocket of his velvet painting coat, not knowing why he did so. And that moment she broke the silence with : “ You see I have, come to you at last." He replied with conscious heaviness ; “ Yes—I see.” “Has the time scorned long?, Wo have no time, you know, where. ... fs it maqy days since- f “Many days.” “My poor Robert! Weeks? Months? Not years ?” “ Fifteen years.” “ Fifteen years ! And you have suffered all that time. Oh, cruel! cruel 1 If there was more light hero, T might see your face more plainly. Dear face! I shall not love it l«>ss if there are lines and marks of grief upon it—it will not seem less handsome to me at forty than it did as twenty-five. All, I wish there wai more light!” Tiie old pettishly coaxiog ton^s! “ But yet I do not wish for it, lest it should show you any change in me.” “ You are nob changed in the least.” He drew his breath hard. “ It might bo yesterday ” he said, and left the sentence unfinished. “ £ am glad,” said the voice that he had been, wont to recall to memory as wooingly sweet. “ They have been kinder than I knew Oh 1 it has always been so prinful to recall,” she went o-i, with the old little half shrug, half shud der, “ that X died an ugly death—that X was nob pretty to look at as I lay in my ootfia 1” Daymond recoiled inwardly. That vanity, in a woman, should not bo eradi cated by the fact of her having simply ceased to exist, was an hypothesis never | before administered for his mental diges-! tion. “ How curiously it all happened,” she said, her full tones trembling a little. “ It was autumn—do you remember?— and the tress in the Bois and the gardens of Luxembourg was getting brown. There were brighbly dresaed crowds walking on the Boulevards, and sitting round the little tables outside the restraints. One could smell chloride of lime and carbolic acid'crossing the..gutters, and see the braziers burning at the earners of infected streets, and.long strings of hearses going by; but nothing seemed so unlikely ns that either of us should be taken ill and die. We were too wicked, you said, and too happy Only the good, miser able people were carried off. Because any other world would be more suitable to them,than this. ... It was nonsense, of course, but it served, us to laugh at. Then, because you could not sell your great Salon pioture, and: we could not af ford the expense, you gave a sapper at the Oafe des Trois Oiseauz—and Valery ;and the others joined us. X was so happy that night. ... my now dress became me. ... X wore yellow roses—your favorite Marechal Niels. When I was putting them in my bosom and my hair you came behind and kissed me on the shoulder, 0, mou Dieu! mon Dieu ! I can feel it now.. Wp wont to the Varieties,..and then to supper. X had never felt so; gay. People are like that, I remember tbaying: hoard, josbwhenthey are going'todie, Valery gaped—X fipueye ho was half in love with me—and I teased him. because I.know you would be jealous. In those days youwould have been jealous of the studio ooorohe. Ha ! ha 1 ha!” V Daymond shuddered. The recurrent French phr.ases jarred on him ; and some thing in her voice and manner sacrificed inexpressibly his sensitive perceptions. He wondered, dumbly, whether she had always been like this. She wont on r “ Arid then, suddenly, in the _ midst of the laughter, the champagne,, 'the good dishes—the pains of hell!" She ahud ciered. “ And then a blank, and waking up 4a bed at'the Hospital, still in those tortures— and getting worse, and seeing In your white face that I was going to die 1 Drip, drip ! I could feel your tears j falling upon my face, upon ray hand; but I was even impatient of you in my pain. Once I fancied that I heard myself saving that I hated-you. Did I really f* } ; “ I think—l beliovo ypudici. ‘ But of course— Daymond Stopped and j shuddered as she leaned across to him i caressingly, so near that her draperies | brushed his knee and her breath fanned j upon his face. , ! “ Imagine it I” she cried, “ that I^hated you. You to whom I had given myself •—you for whom I left my-—- He interrupted, speaking in an odd, strained voice, “ Never mind- that now.” | “ I had always wished to die first,” she | resumed, “ but not in that way, not with out leaving you a legacy of kind words and kisses. Ah 1” (her voice'stoTe to his cars most pleadingly), “ do you know that I have been here, 1 cannot tell you how long, and you havo not kissed the once, darling 1” • • ' She rose up in. her place—she would have come to him, blit he sprang to his I feet and thrust out both hands to keep her off, crying, “ No, no.” She sank baok,into her seat, looking at him wide-eyed and wonderingly. “Is ho afraid of me ?” she whispered to me her- : self. “I am not afraid of you,” Daymond returned, almost roughly. “ But you must make allowances for me at first. Your sudden coming—the surprise ” “ Ah yes ! the surprise—the joy He cleared his throat and looked an other way. He was shamedly conscious that the emotion that stiffened his tongue and hampered his gestures was something widely different from joy. He spoke again, confusedly. “ This seems like old times—before-—” “ Before I died,” she said, “ without bidding good-bye to you. Dear, if you guessed how 1 have longed to know what you said and did when it was. all over, you would not mind telling me * Are they grieving—those whom I bare left behind 1’ is a question that is often asked in the place I come from. You were sorry. You cried. Ah ! I know you must have cried.” “I believe,” Daymond returned, mov ing restlessly in his chair, “that I did. And I—kissed you, though the doctors told me not. I wanted to catch the cholera and die'too, I believe.” “Yes r ■ “And when the people come with—the coffin, I—” he bit his lip—“ I would not let them touch you.” “ My poor boy!” He winced from the tenderness. He felt with indiscribable sensations the light pressure of that well known, once well-loved touch on bis arm. “ And then—after the funeral,l'believe I had a brain fever.” Ho passed his hand through his waving, slightly grizzled hair, as if to assist his lagging memory— really as an excuse for shaking off that intolerable burden of her hand. “ And when I recovered, I found that there was no way to forgetfulness”—ho heard her sigh faintly—“except through work. I worked then—l am working still.” “ Always alone “ Generally alone. l£have borer mar ried.” “ Of course not.” A faint dissent began to him at this matter-of-fact acquiescence in his widowed-turtlo liko celibacy. “It may interest you to know,” ho observed, with a touch of the pompous manner which had grown upon him with the growth of his reputation, “that my career has been successful in the strongest sense of the word. I have become, I may say, one of the leaders of the world of Art. Upon or resignation of the Presi dent of the , it is more than pro bable that I shall be invited to occupy his vacant place. And an intimation has reached me, from certain eminent quar ters ” he paused weightily, “ that a baronetcy will be conferred upon mV in that event !” “ Yes r The tone betrayed an absolu'e lack of attention. She bad once been ued to lake a keen interest in his occupations ; to be cast down by his failures and elated , by his successes. Had that enthusiasm 1 constituted the greater part of her charm ? In its absence, Daymond began to find her—must it be confessed but indiffer ent company. In the embarrassment that momentarily stiffened him, an old habit come to his rescue. Before he knew it, he had taken a cigar from a silver box upon the writ ing-table, and was saying, with the polite ly apologetic accent of the would-be smoker: “ May 11 You us'jd not to mind.” She made a gesture of assent. As the first rings of bluish vapour mounted into the air. Daymond found her watching him through them with those intent, ex pectant c-yes. , Feeling himself bound to make some observation/ he said : “ It is very wonder ful to me to see you hero. It was very good of you to come.” She returned : “ They had to let me come, 1 think. I begged so—l prayed so, that at last- ” She paused. Day mond was not listening. He was looking at her steadfastly, and thinking. . . . It bad been his whim, in the first poignancy of bereavement, to destroy all portraits of her, so that with the lapse of years no faulty touch should bewray the memory of hor vanished beauty. It struck him now for the first time that his | brush bad played the courtier, and flat- ; to red hor, for the most part, unbbishingly. He found himself criticising unfavorably j the turn of her throat and tho swell of her bosom, and the dark, voluptuous lan guisbment of hor look. The faint per fume of heliotrope that was sh-ikcn forth now, as of old time, from her . hair and her garments no longer intoxicated, but sickened him. This, then, was the wo man he bad mourned for for fifteen yeara He began to-feel that he had murmured unwisely at. the dispensation of Provi- ; donee. He began to revolt at this ro- j crudenoe of 'an outworn passion—to | realise that at twenty-five ho had taken a commonplace women fer a divinity—a I woman whom, if she had no** died when she did, ho would have wearied of—ended in hating. He found himself in danger of hating her now.: ; “At last they let me come. They , said I should repent it—as if I could f’ I Her eyes rested on him lingeringly ; her hand sbi’lod th 6 eager trembling ,of hor lips. “ Never. Of course you seemed a Uttlo strange at ftrsS You «vo not—not quite yourself now; it is natural—after fifteen years. And, presently, when I tell you—•— Oh, what will you say when I tell you alll” * She loft hor chsir and came towards him, so swiftly,tlidt not time to avoid her, She . laid her hand on his shoulder and bent her mouth to his ear,; One of her peculiarities had been that her lips were always cold, even when her passion burned most fiercely. The nour ness of (Hose lips,,. once so maddeningly desirable and sweet, made Raymond's flesh creep horribly. He breathed with difficulty, and the groat drops of agony stood thickly on his forehead—not with weak, superstitious terror of the ghost; with unutterable loathing of the woman. “Listen 1” said she. “They are wis-a in the place I came from j they know things that are not known here. You have beard it said that once in the life of every human being living upon earth comes a time when the utterance of a wish will be followed by its fulfilment The poor might be made rich, the sick well, the sad merry, the loveless beloved —in one moment—if they could only know when that moment comes. But not once in a million lifetimes do they hit upon it; and so they live penniless and in pain, and sorrowful and- lonely, all their lives. I lot ray chanse go by, dike many o*berj3, long before I dhd; but yours is yet to come,” Her voice thrilled with a note of wild triumph ; the clasp of her arm tightened on bis neck. “ Oh, love !” she cried, “ the wonderful moment is clcse at hand ? It is midnight now”— she pointed to the great north window, through which the frosty silver face of the moou was starring in relief against a framed-in square of velvet blackness, studded with twinkling starpoints—“but with the first signs of the dawn that you and I have greeted together heart of my heart!—how many times in the days that may como again !—with the greying of the East and tho paling of the stars comes the Opportunity for you. Now, do you understand T He understood and quailed before her. But she was blindly confident in h.s truth, stupidly reliant on his constancy. When it comes, beloved, you shall take mo in your arms—breathe your wish upon these lips of mine, in a kiss. Say, while God’s car is open, * Father, Give her back to mo, living and loving, as of old !’ and I shall be given—l shall be given !” She threw both arras about him and leaned to him, and sobbed and laughed with tho rapture of her revelation and the anticipation of tho joy that was to como. " Remember, you must not hesitate, or the golden chance will pass beyond re call, and I shall go back whence 1 came, never more to clasp you, dearest one, until you die too, and come lo me (are you cold, that you shudder"so?) —and bo with me for always. Listen listen !” As she lifted her hand tho greatest of all tho great bell- voices of London spoke out the midnight hour. As other voices answered from far and near Raymond shuddered and put his dead love from him, and ros-i up tremb ing and ghastly pale. They moved together to the window, and stood looking ou>. The weather was abcat to change ; the snow was melting, the thaw- drip splashed heavily from roof gutters and balconies, cornices and win dow ledges. As she laid her hand once more upon his shoulder the stars began to fade out one by one, and in a little while from then tho eastward hoiizon quivered with the first faint throes of down. “ Wish !" she cried. “ Now ! now ! before it is too late.” She moved as if to throw herself again upon his breast; but ho thrust her from him with resolute hands that trembled no more. “ I wish,” he said very distinctly, “to bo Sir Robert Raymond, Baronet, and President of the before tho year is out.” She fell awoy from him, and waned, and becarao unsubstantial and sbadowy like tho ghost* she was, and unlike the thing of flesh and blood she had seemed before. Nothing remained to her of life* likeness but tho scorn and anger, the anguish and reproach of her great eyes. “Only the Dead are faithful to Love— becausa they are dead,” she said. “The living live on—and forgo*. They may re member sometimes to regret us—boat their breasts and call upon our names— but they shudder if wo answer back across the distance ; and if we should offer to como back, * Return, ’ they say ; “go and lie down in the comfortable graves wo have made you; there is no room for you in your old places no more !’ f was told I should bo sorry for coming ; but 1 would not listen, 1 trusted so in you. I am wiser now—wiser now! Good-bye.” A long sigh fluttered by him in tho semi-obscurity, like a bird with a broken wing. There was a rattling of curtain rings, the dull sound of falling tapestry,. ; and the opening and closing of a door. She was gone ; and Raymond, waking from strangely dreamful slumbers to the choerlessness of dying embers and burned , out candle, rang rho boll for his servant, and ordered lights. A few minutes Inter saw him, perfectly dressed, stepping into his cab. “ Chesterfield Gardens, Mayfair,” he said, giving the direction valet for transference to the groom. “ Beg pardon, sir, but Lady Mary Fraser's servant is still waiting,” The man pointed back to the house. “Ah 1" said Raymond, who had had a passing glimpse of alien cord gaiters re posing before his hall fire, “Tell him I have taken tho answer to his mistress my- BOlf” And as he speke he scattered a handful of torn-up squares of paper—-the frag ments of a letter probably—in largesse to tho night and tho gusty weather. 