"OF 111iGR DEGREE," A STOlRY, BY .CHARLES GIBBON, Author' of "Robin Gray," "A Heart's Problem," "In Honour Bound," " Queen of the Meadow," "The Braee of Yarrow," Etc., Etc. CHAPTERl XVII. Love's REUIsese. Dahlia's 'piteous moan roused him. He turnted slowly, and very quietly tusok the telegraip from her. He touched the fair head softly with his hand, as if he would thank her for her sympathy and say, " Be of good cheer." Then he was moving silently from the room, when his mother clasped both her hands on his arim. "Stephen, for God's sake, speak I You look so strange that you frighten me. This news may not be true-it cannot be true, it is too terrible. It is only some wild rumour. You know how often ships are reported lost when they are only delayed at sella hy some accident, or contrary winds. Speak-say sona, thing. ' You must not leave me like this; tell ame what you think." This appeal compelled him to maikee an effort to regain the power of speech, and lie said lhuskily : "I think it is true. . . . IDon' be frightened, mother, I want to be alone for a little while. I'll he all right by and by." He went into the library and closed the door. "Oh, how lie loves her," sobbed Dahlia 'as she sat down, crossed lier Ipretty arms on the table unih"hid her" face on them. "How lie loves her ! I'll never forget the look on his face after he read the telegram." It was not a time at which tMrs Mteredithl could offer any consolthion. Site was too much awe-striken by the tidings of the ealamity and the effect it had on Stephen. Shie, had been glad indeed -to get Ruth out of the way, lbut she hald never once thought of her being removed by death. Although this ni expected event at once rendered the fulliltletit of her wishes ahnost certain, she could not congratulate herself or feel any satisfaction in it. Site was a good-natured womanlll alld a fond motlher, notwithstanding the arts shite practised to make Stephen accept I lie wife she fiad clhosen for hlim rather than the one lie lhad chosen for hiimself, and she was at that moment really grieved for Ruth's sad fate. The consternation amongst the girls was for a little as great as if a uinember of the family lhad been lost, and it t showed hiow much Ruth's calm, firm, e wise nature had made itself felt cven here, where the disposutioth was to dislike S her because alto had won away tie big e brotler front them antd from their s favourito friend. When Jim heard the I news--his mother told himn in the after noon when lie returned from somle sport ing excursion-lie looked angry and was 0 inclined to cry. Then lie made one of the t most biting speeches Mrs Meredith anid r the girls had ever been doomed to hear. B I believe it's all your fault. She t would never have gone away if every one of you hadn't been so epiteful to her e about Stephen." 0 And lie hanged out of the room, lear s ing that sting in the minds of his tmotlier n and sisters. They were all miiserhlily conscions of how they had shown thteir f opposition to Ruth, as much by wh at I they had not done as by what thley had 0 done. Thie eldest sister, aint, was still I absent, or she would thave been excepted It front Jim's swveepitng condemnation. Dahlia did not hear it, for sloe was i. t her roomt. Her door was locked and h- bolted as if site dreaded anll invasion, or it needed the helpl of bolts and bars to hide I her own disturbed thoughts and ro t morse. t After the first shock of horror and if consternation lhad passed, .Stelphen ex tf perienced notlting more than a dull a sensation of utter stupidity such as toie iv feels when regaining donsciousneses after y a heavy fill. He found it itnpossiltle to \- realise the position. r Ruth had gone away ; Ruth was lost a at sea; Ruth would never come back; I luth was dead: lie would never see her d again ! I- These phrases were beine, sung in Its brain with monotonous itercation, and yet 1e they produced no wild agony, and didi I- not seetm to Ielp himt to understand how is it' ceuld be that Rtih, with whom lie lhad te parted only the otlher day ; Ruth, who-e e- kiss was still warm upon his lips, wonuil t never come back to hliu I Yet site had :e promised to come in a year, tr whenever . t Ihe was in tronble, and sile Itad liever id broken lher plromise. Thlis time slte to could tiot keep it; Deatlh barred tle t- way. it Thlere wans an instant of inutlaticnce as d he renembtered how hard hlie ttad striven tl to dissuade her fronm nakilng this fitali 0e voyage, and how obstinately she lhad ler e- sisted in it. But the impatience ipassedl to atd tlhen cine the recollection of her It grave, swoeetface, of the tender eyes, the et soft soothintg voice, the gentle toluch if 'e her litnd,lher earnest eagerness, to iae 5- helpfutl and useful to othlers--all the 0s tqualities which tnude hlit love hier were it recalled; everytlling that lihad made Itill ed at times irritablh or downright ingry Id with hter was forgotten. or The lontging-tle wild yearning for be her whliel rose withltin tlm l'rodduced he actual physical pIain. And it was ill so to sinmplo. Sie hlad gone awar in tLlh i. vessel in "spite of limi-witlhout acty necessity for doing so, without any oh ject of tnportanee to serve for herself or anyone else ; and here was the enid of it : Death ! io Why coitlld hIe niot lavo held her baelk '' Why had hIe no strength of will or'love Sto umakle lher stay? If she lhad only waited for a few weeks i If she thad only ily gone by atnothler ship I If lIe tad only nt set her wishes at defiance and openly an claimed the righlt to control her wlticl d, slhe gave in professing to love e ilu, all might ihave bIeen well now. If- lItut what was tihe use of all this . speculation? ~She was gone; the nd Eucalypltue was a wreck, and Iiuth w't:. in dritned. There was ilo otore to bh said. O Buit ihe could not tlhrust aside lhis vtin tO regrets. Countless argluetnts whlich hie might l are used to lstop her, ac d tIti re cit. crowded nupn his t'rain, torturing ly himi. ltow differeltly hlie wotld lhave he acte, LItoo, if hle Ihad noti been at thle titte id wsirried acd distresced by his cursed. he iw muchIi mtore deterntined hIe wOult ihae been t Thcu he would have said : "n "No. yt shall nllt go: y,,,t are . pl,'dged to re; v.u are mine. Wc shall be nltlrried to-nmlrrow. And she wouli have yielt'dil-h , filt sure if that : iut this etrsed wanc t if ho e0,yeV had lieu his tilngue ncld Ii:tdsR, uend she was list in ton'eql,,ne. i it wt h ri ille It .il I n,,,,liii- ttftis d way. If telre had Iitn anI\tliihi fur hijieI ticdo-il hti c told bie at~ite COI" ing about something.on-her-account he would have felt better. The grim thought flitted across his mind that he would have found some relief if he might even have had the poor satisfaction of seeing after the arrangements for her funeral. But there was absolutely nothing to do except sit down and wait for confirmation of the cruel tidings. He started to his feet. Yes, there was one thing he could do which might distract his attention for a little. He could go to Bassnett and see if by any chance further news had yet arrived. He knew it was only a pretence to get into action of some sort, for Bassnett was well aware of his interest in Ruth, and would not delay a moment in for warding information as it arrived. But he took the next train to London, all the same ;'and with the result he ex pected. Bassnett knew nothing more than had been stated in his telegram. This bit of comfort was offered him, how ever : "The ship carried a valuable cargo," said the lawyer, in his dry but kindly way; " and was heavily insured. The underwriters are as anxious about her fate as you can be, and will hare the earliest informationthat can be procured. They have promised to keep me advised I of whatever they learn, and you shallh have it as fast as the telegraph can take it to you. Meanwhile, a message has been sent to Mr Dottridge's agents in Sydney, and everything is being done in our power to obtain earlydetails of the I wreck." Stephen thanked him. Of course he had been aware that he could not learn anything more that day, and he was i annoyed with himself for, the feeling of I disappointment with which he left ° Serjeant's Inn. The journey did not relieve his depression in the least; the bustle and noise of the London streets seemed to make him the more: acutely conscious of the silence of the grave a within his breast. He would be glad to get into the country again-the quietude there was more in harmony with his mood, and so more likely to prove sooth ing. Consolation he did not think of ; there can be no consolation to a man who feels that all he prized in the world, all he lived for, has been taken away from d him. One sensible resolution he made as he sat in the train, that so far as it was in his power he would go through the ordinary routine of every day life, show ing as little as possible of his anguish to c the others. He knew that mere mechani- a cal submission to commonplace duties c would help him more than anything else d to overcome his gloom. . So, much to the relief of Mrs ii Meredlith, he was in his place at dinner. h Dahlia was absent, feeling too ill to leave ti her room. All were very. quiet The p shadow was upon them, but no reference r' was made to the calamity which caused 1 it. Stephen did not think it was the i time to make an effort to pretend to be at ease and he could not have done so h even if he would. ' i After dinner he went into the library. a By instinctive recognition of the pro- ' priety of it lie was allowed to go alone and to remain undisturbed. "I don't like to see Steve so down in the mouth," observed Jim to the family ; "and Ihad half a mind to propose agame i at chess; but I don't believe he would o know a king from a pawn to-night. What can any fellow of sense see in a d woman to get in such, a state about her ? Why if he had lost the Derby he could 2 not be worse. You won't catch me g mooning that way at any rate." "Wait till your time comes, sir, said h Miss Juliet (aged eighteen), severley. "' Oh, I suppose you expect to have somebody in fits some day, Jue. Well, hell be a fellow who has no sisters." "I wish you would be quiet, James," said his mother gravely. She never called him Jim. "Stephen is very mnch upset, and I think you ought to sympa thise with him so far as not to make ny noise to-night." "I don't suppose Steve wants me to F be in the dumps as well as himself, mammy. I should say he will think s' you and Dahlia enough to bear him company in mourning; but I won't make fr any row. I have the whole of my notes fr of the last anatomy lecture to write out, and that will keep me quiet enough. re What a rum go-the subject was the A heart, and you girls ought to have seen be what a pretty sight it was under the knife as it was sliced this way and- w "Do be quiet, Jim," cried the girls, c in chorus. tl Being in his first course of.training ti for the medical profession, Jim. was tl proud of his newly-acquired knowledge, and it was one of his wicked joys to make his sisters' flesh creep with highly coloured descriptions of the work in the dissecting room, or with ghastly jokes about dnrugs and how he could., dispose tl of the whole family without anybody being a bit the wiser.. They scarcely ever dared to venture into his "labora tory" as he called his little room at the top of the house, for it contained several skeletons of animals, ranged on brackets and shelves round the walls, and a human skeleton shut up in a small-sized old-' fashioned sentry-box. Jim called this his sentinel, declaring that it would walk out and hug the first girl who enteredto disturb his things. But they had no desire to intrude into his chamber of horrors as they called his laboratory. d "The smell is enough," Juliet nsedto say, "from all those nasty chemicals you t are for ever messing with when you are not teasing us. I wonder mamma does not stop you." '" Mind yourown business," Jim would reply, and some wranglers, more or less goodnatured, would follow. tl On the present occasion a look from his mother, and some kindly remuem- i brance of Ruth and his brother stopped d him. Stephen liad first tried to read, but I1 amnongst all Is favorite books he could not find, one which had the power of commanding his attention for a couple a of sentences. Then he took his desk, resolved to seek comfort from Ruth her self. Her letters were all here. There were not many of them, for they had been so near each other that there had e been few occasions forcorrespondence. HIe handled them almost reverently nlow, and wished that there had been somine truth inmodern spiritualism ; forif s love could give a title to hold commune C with the dead,-surely he had the power t susnmon the spirit of Ruth to come to t him then, that he might see her and hear her voice again. A If that could only be! There was no need to concentrate his thoughts rrpon her in order to work the T charm, forshle occupied them alL There of was no need to pray for it. His longing, cO his ~ ing for any sign from her, i" f- most devout prayer that ever man's soul. tt ng with one of the letters th , his back towards the fe that strange quietude a comes wbhe sorrow too deep for words has fallen upon the a heart. Thinking about this spiritualism, wishing that it had been true, and smil Sing sadly at its vanity, he experienced a nervous thrilloverlhis whole frame, when a soft, cold hand was laid tenderly on his. He did not look up immediately; in spite of himself there rose a vision of Ruth standing beside him. He turned slowly, and saw a white, fair face with two wondering, syppathis ing, tearful eyes, gazing earnestly upon him. " Why, Dahlia," he said gently and smiling, "do you know you gave me a sort of a start. I was thinking about ghosts, and as I did not hear you coming in, the foolish fancy crossed my mind that perhaps you were one." "I hope you are not vexed with me for coming, Stephen," she said, nervously and tenderly ; " but I could not rest. I could not go to bed until I came to speak to you. - know you are in sorrow and -oh Stephen, I wish I could, comfort you even a very little." She dropped on her knees besides his chair, and hid her face on the arm of it, sobbing. " Poor Dahlia," he said softly, resting his hand on her head. - " You too al e suffering.- Tell me what is the matter." (To be continued.) Disease creeps upon us unawares, like an assassin in the dark, and whose din gerous proximity we never suspect until it makes the last fatal clutch on some vital organ. We are always warned in ample time of the impending danger, bn: with criminal carelessness neglect these waren ings. That tired feeling, those aching limbs, and that grand feeling one day and seedy condition the next, the sour taste on waking in a morning, and the frequent sick and splitting headaches, all make their debuit before serious illness sets in. All or any of these symptoms indicate tile approach of disease; they are faithful signs that the liver and kidneys are not doing their duties, that the morbid and effete matter, instead of being eliminated from the system, is being retained, and is positively poisoning and destroying the whole physical structure. Neglect in such cases is criminal . Recourse to rational treatment should be hadatonce C!ements Tonic should be taken to strengthen tlhe digestion, purify and fortify the blood, to stimoulate the liver and brace up the kidneys, to resolve and eliminate thes poisonous urea.: Liver and kidney coal plaints are the most-prevalent diseases of this country, and so.lsng as we consume such large quantities of animal food and condiments, and drink so freely of tea and stimulants, so long will this unhealthy cindition last. It is this modetif life thlea causes such numbers of deaths from heart disease, Briglht' diseas., dropsy,- cancer, inflammation and enlargement of the liver, and similar causes, all of which herald their approach by feelings of lassi tude, headache, langour, & sc and if promptt treatment is at once adopted by a regular use of Clements Tunic, the pro gress of disease is arrested, the stomach, liver and kidoeys resume their normal action. and the poisonous accumulations are expelled the system, and normal health is restored. That Clements Tonic is reliable is proved beond all qutestion, and a e have grateful beneficiaries in every tonwn and village who are continually writ ing us in terms as did David Davies. Esq., atordialloc, Vic., who writes :-I have been a great sufferer for many years from indigestion and bronchitis, with tightness on the chest and great difficultyin breath ing. I had medical advice from a lnumber of doctors, who told me I was going into consumption; I believe I have tried a dozen different remedies, but without receiving aly benefit As a lnst resource I was advised by a friend to try Clementk Tonic, which T have done with the most gratifying results; -in fact, after taking only two bottles I can say truthfully that it has made an entirly new macl of me. I shall shall only be too happy at all times to recommend Clements Tonic to all my friends.--I remain, yours gratefully, David Davies, 3lordialloe. 