Was it a Ghost They Saw ? ! Mrh. II, H. Jj:nninqs lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnio .Parrot boards with her. Tbo hoaso is an old ooo but! iu good order. Qqq night oarly in Docorabar, (1891) the two womon lookod all tho doors unci: wont to the theatre, leaving not a soul in -tlio bonao. They loft tho gaa burning, howovo,; iu ai auouftiuii-pMiciotep: thov roturaod, audoutoced the house lAughiog. ana talking. But as they wont into tho: parloqe tbo morry Uqcnopr died out of thorn ip! a socond. Right iu tbo middle of tho rooqn stood a dark man of gigantic Btoturo. Tbo; upper part of bis faou war eruooaiod by a maple, ; his oyos glaxmicg tlirongb the eyoholcs in if., His shirt blecres wero rolled op. aud io ono- band bpcsrriod o long, old-fwlnonod pistol. Tho tromec fled ?croam1ng froth tho room, pud when Mr. Jennings camoin Uv.o minutosdatar bo fqbud no ono in tho parlour pjid all tho iiooifi and windows looked. What wis iL the women "Daring a recent period of ill hoalth,'' writs an American friend, 44 1 had slop radty for flevomtsuccosfivo'niKhte. On tlio fourth' of theso nights about two o'cilook, 1 woe sud denly aroused from a doze by what seamed liho the calling of my itqme ; and at too foot of tho bed stood the image of my mother just a»: us eho lookod five years before, at- she was leaving homo togo on u journey, on whioh: journey sho was killed inn railway disaster i Lsercamed and fainted. I woe foolish enough: to toll of it, apd the Io?«l old women gossipu! said it wa a summons and 1 would uuver get' well. Yet I did, and am inporfeothojiltUnow. I bf-liovo that vision came of my weak nervos, for I've never aeon itainco, and it's more thau , tbroj yearn ago now." No doubt it was tbo nerves. Why, -there's no 6nd fd tho"tfic&8 tho norvos will play off ou, you whouyour syjtcm is out of condition. ;In- March, 1890, it wa#, that Mr. Jane .Foster/of: D.irracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wroto-asj follows ' "I icas to dreadf ullgiiertotsLooud. not boar anyone iu the room with irio, yet;Ii did not wish them far away in ooso I should; oalloutfor help. This was in Jpno 1889. I, slept very badly, and in tho morning folt little the hotter for having gono to bod. Thern was; often a sovpro pain in my head and over ,my! oyos, and -.was tiok most oftho timn. My akin was dry and yellow, and the siomaoh and; bowels folt cold and doad. By- amLby ;I bsd) to lia helpless in bod. Tho doctor said iho did not kopw what my oomplai'ot was. I took! nothing bat liquid food., and oanld.not retain! ovpn that on my ntomqbh. . By this tiran l was: nothing but skin and bono. My memory oompletly failed. My head acliodBojlroadfqllj j I thought I should loso my sensos, and my; friends agreed that I would never get better.' 44 1 had given up all hope, when ooo dayMto.; West, of Bournemouth, called aud asked what I was taking. She told mo she was herself once just as badlyoff,and was cored by Mpthor! Selgol'e Curative Syrup. As sho aoomed -to; have so much faith in this medicine, I triod.it,; and in threo days I was able to walk aorbss tho roopi, and by tho end of tbo wook I wout downstairs. Now I am as woll qb ovor. I can oat and digest my food, and all my nervousness' has left ino." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from wa« indigestion and dyspepsia and nervousprpstra- : tion. The original causa was grief aud nkook - at tho violent death of hor husband, ;|iv accident, and tho syelora rallied only when the' Syrup had givon new vigour to tbo digestion! and thus fod and tonod the nerves. ; Wbatovor may bo your opinion of tlioi Bridgeport ghost, it remains truo that most< uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing! iodipostion and dyspepsia- Ghostauome from the inside of the person who ecus tbom. aof)! when Mother Solgoi's Syrup does its work tho' eyoa uud ears enter taiu only what is natural and wbolooomu. - ' 86 : 