FOUND _D D. CIIAPTER - V. (Continuidy. Why bless my souil'.orietl the porter, to think of my not knowing your voice l As for your face, I didn't catch sight of it, else it ain't one onie's likely to forget; - but you don't look so well, sir,as when you were last here.' ' I'm not very 'well; COurtis tlidrink.ou. Ir was not well last night, and, indeed, `T have not been out of bed many hours.- Havo you got anything tosuit mein the house just now I 'Well, sir, I really can t say,'answered the. other lIughing, as he fastened the door, and ushered his.visitor' into, an apartment half parl'iur,'half'fice: L'Yoi' tak'tM fancy to such queer folks. I hope that old man with the white beard, as you were good©nilirsgh to take off our hand5 in the summer, behaved better withiyohi (tanihe did with us 4 AiYua diulnot understanthdihicr~anient, Curtis:' ?u4eiidcavouird'to vasI him, which was co ray to his nat there" fore Ancrcelty..,wl Hdjil -very elgi radal, and I believe will make quite a h'it in tl spring. The ladies will all be enraptured with his venerable appearance.' :' Dear, dear, what a strange trade !' ex claimed the porter admiringly. ' As for the old gout hisself, no'.wfIdaresay y, rldon't know what's become uf t ShIn l.:ed T d'mn t'" T' d'T y miildJ Cbrs thiat.ti ir t i iea skips of tilingfili'se 11 vbt;vlil I'nifritid our ancient friend was no'whilly u'nacighted:2 ' Ay, he had sie'bettr days ln'liis timej,; though,sir. Our chaplain said the old fellow's stn wasa ;ery e 7- as. pa eventsand bore d to it; but it .hiadl his, adrantage, that it made the old fellow weep, uiet" iaited liitiiterdotlthat' Sforthe purpose oft 017 art.- You can never get the tender et iotos natcnurally tienoumgl' evoked by onions.!-Wcll, alosdotround~th6 wards.' ,Now tli6. rang eris ina sel1lighted room and has taken his hat oil we can hotter see wlhat he is like. As tpye "as, he has scarcely reached middle age, but his features have the worn and furrowed rl 90\ok of a much more advanced period of life. He is not bald, but i'in that transition stage; which is less agree alble than baldness, wheh' the scanty looks ='tare purposely wornlong and caiefully combed * :cross the head. His'comnplecxion is peculiar;' yhii has been in Indin, but iti hasunot the tinge of the Indian climate; if you'hn'nWhoard lie had been managerof a ofee- plantation(w'hich fai* a short time, lie:vas),you hight'have said (if you were a perse tnr impulse rather than reflection) ' That's it.' He was cofleencoloured-;-but his features.were regular.. and their expression exceedingly intelligent. Jf'y6usawlyhiI;has;ý^We:e; iri1w, with hils eyes'ii'i~l .i~r dwisc$ w~ould'?hot think" .place.- one,; but still lie is not ni attractive person. The iinprossidfi' lie honV'dys isa had' one; he is so cold, reserved, and cynical in air end manner, that he seems malign. -The ward into which lie is first usheredis-the femialdo onie;i'vell~li ; nil intensely clean,ýbut except. for its 'a 1iit, .ithout the least; traice of comifoi`. ýTo ,easychaitis'tu be seen, no bAokA, n k kiiadk, no pluture on thevwall ;...o tt blo1e, bu one hug 'onoe, at which a dozen or so of women sit plying" their needles,-butsn9t1,theur toilgues. An. unnaturaaltionr powl s(tbe pt 'ce? save for. the crowing of a clilcdi One T'Vnitn has` an infant in her lap, who, all unconscious -that hens horn of shame ani liredestinerl" to 'pverty,--kicki- sandl prnatgs exttctl, was a young Prince of tlie samn age would do. 'Rise !'cries the porter (who is also: the. deputy-master of the establishimenet) in an authoritative voice; and all standup,,.not ' spring to their feet,' nor even obJe the .word. of command as soldiers do, mechanically, ,Dut ne after another slowly rise like ghosts, tillt.hey stand flohitIhhttht6'sit'ta or with tininteresterfllck-lulst-r eel: The- baby screams lustily, resenting his change of posture, and the mother clasps Tiimi tiihor' face, and covers him with silent kisses UtJ3of tiams t*b n the pvisitor's ganz rests, puvsing by the oth skith careless unconcern. ''Ieieie hifhtri s1ng couple, oh, sir,' whispers Curtis, grinning. ' They'd wake a pretty pictur.' Yes, a Magdalen and Chiltl;r1plied-the painter, for such of course he was ; ' but the subjec6, like l n lo d !,, is somewhat commoin.-.e-Welh Mri. 14uI huow'do you This last remark weas addressed to the roatron" whoisi presence, in his admiration of maternal instinct, lie liad hitherto failed to notice; she was stout and florid, presenting in that respect a singular contrast to the pale faces and pinched features of those around her, and her voice was deep and mellow. ' Nicely, sir, I thank you. We-have not, seen you here. for many a day. ' Well I have not been doingriiuch woik} Mrs. Paul, and therefore hisve not been\1in4 want of the raw material. I daresay you have.- missed me a good deal. I know you I look to me to take away your dead-weights, your goods that hang most on hand. I am none of your benevolent folks, your -meroy mongera, I allow; and yot I am the -greatest benefactor you have; come now, confess it.' ' Well, si-, we've all our uses,' replied the matron bluntly. ' I don't gainsay but that it; is'a'good thing for our poor folks to take your fancy, and get paid for sitting still, and having their pictures took ; but I don't look upon you, sir, as I do0 upon a subscriber; to the hinstitution, one as'gives~his 'mouiny and expects no return for it-that I<tell t oi ' And I'im very trimiuobliged to you, my' dear good lady,' answered '11th painter smiling, but with a momentry squint that marked his anger, ' for not counting me among the -Fools.-Is ..there._nobody.uunde r your charge just now, except the present company.?' ' There's no one else, sir, but a poor girl whom I have given leave to 'sit in-; the dormitory alone, because sho's not 'in good' spirits' 'Let's see her, by all means, Mrs. Paul. lain very anxious to make the acquaintance of any younig person who slits alone in a dormitory sixty feet long as a cure for despondency. 'I don't think, sir, she can possibly have any interest for. you,' answerted the stout lady, hositating, and turning a deeper tinge, of crimson.:'. cie's swretched, ill,,and not at all good- looking.' ' My dear,- good lady,' responded the visitor; showirig'uall his teeth, so frank and open was his 'smiile,Cbuit =suiiinting like a stage-demon, ' if good. health, happiness, and beauty were. what Icamne hither to seek for, I shouild have long ago run :awy. with you.' ' Ah, you're ai false one, you are, I'm afraid sir,' said the- matron,; wagging her head to express more than doubt, and lead. ing the way up some stairs that: wound directly from the apart' ent to the room above: Thisiltter was, as the stranger had hinted, of groat size and'feebly illuminated as it was bhy a single gaselamp, - only half turned on, its dimensions appeyred limitless. Some half-dozen of the narrow iron bed's that ran from earl to end of it alone were visible,-:with the -blank-' white-washedv wall behind - them:-, Crouches; -noso and knees, together, by the high iron fender orr ather c'gfo forit~--had-ta-'covered-top- which hedged in a fire, was a female form. Not a limb moved as the visitors approached';,;but when theimatron toucled lher with Ier hand and not urgently: said I: ' . lyno betitter now, mygirl I the cliwn bent heiad tisedllp its wealth of nut-brown hair, and t'i closed a ilifii'-ptliihifiace;-it' hiiliolloweyes~"-' What is it, mistress I' To judge by the tone 'of' the inquiry, ib mattered nothing lhat' the reply'inight" lie, there -was suchnn utter hopelesneds in the voic, -such iniuibhnress to all weal or woo. Are you hiitter?' reiterated the woman. ' No ;and- never shall be.--What 'tie these ! Doctors 4' She gave one ,wearied look at the two men, then. turn'ed lien ~eyes to the fire, already lost in her sid,thopglihts .'-Very interesting ,' observed the painter coolly.- ' Much 'the9'most striking object iin your... estahlishinrent,,mia'am. Apathy-a Study from Life: or, if nieha ld glinius for depictinmg eccentricities tThet -Ca sper Heuser.'' °"-Itis neat"supper.time, my dear,'said thei matron good-humoredly. ' Don't you think you could `pick ai bit of something ").- 'Slicolofvild-ditalc, back of wood-cock, Mmrs. Paul, blil' whispered the visitor. ., 'No, sir; we have noniepf those delicacies,' ainswerdii the stout laudy' obitily but:swo have one good thing in the house which I dIon't'think would bh foundtii-'your 'lirdei though, you are such a cloyer. gentleman : we have some sympathy for'the poor.'r$ \- Cold sympathy onith. sideboard i obser ved the other quietly 'rilliveys' in cut for all- comers : cold sympn thy in the wood constaintly on draught, elVhY hAmid yetLa uli-. po0o the stipend of such an invaluable matron is not seventy pounds a year:=a If tley maude it guineas, the committee might secure an angel.'; 5-' -' d.l Ilon't mind whati you say to maiesir no, not two str-auws,' `rtorted the matron. .Buti. don''taish Jo jear pitLfolks insulted. You may be a poor man yourself, sir, one day1 and thei'-.-. ze-. mma. ' You (dear,. impulsive -ol'xlinse the- stranger,-raisiiig, hlid llktze white hands, and pi-etending to niakce mesmeric 'pstses atrher-;'-bs-calmt--Pooii4-W~hy-T Iam poolcir than any creature under your reof. -Witlh the exception of this hialf-crown, of 'which I am presently goinig to hog youre acceptanice, anul of a little matm hich I'ki got for Cuttris, I hafe1 otalI in~ i the world, 'aud I owe exic'tl flt' lhIsind of them.'- ' -' ~ Than you had bei'tebe'juist)bef~re-ou're .your bills,'-answered the matron with honest heat; 'but there,1gntlomepi of your sort *d6ie't spenudc'their money- that way. You may give my share of your bounty to this .poor girl here, if-you please.' ' And yours- also, tai'tis1'g inquid the visitor gravely; t ` y SWVoll, no, sir,' returned the porior hastily. ' You see I have not the oppor tunity of kno ving this young~person is a deservinýt-ojbiobtwhlich :Mrsi iPaul enjoys. You may give' her liar~lialf-cot'on, of course, she oflers it.' Hie 'trtlks: like'King,.JAtfes's bishop,' nmtttnred` the .j-aint~er' AHiore, young woman, here is some money for you; one of thie best remedies for your particular ailment with which 1 am acquaintei].' But the head had once otoo sun(< down upon'the breast, end the h11 Ws N 'rp Laisp. ing the thingknne amid` i Is.(Ptiitl had to' touch her for the seconti timne td d' usohtoa. Tho' -!n*i*io *'1.ra you half-a-crowiW; "will you nut take it, 1 Uoume, hold out your i hand, my lass. You'll be glad of it somo 7 day, if not now.' ' Too late, too late N minutnmured the girl and she began to tmoeti %iid rock herself: from side to side in a manurr piteous to behold. ' She's in great trouble, you snee, sir,' said the matron compassionately. '.1 don't think t it's any use to speak to her, It's my belief she has lost her bab p £sr t death, who knows?' a Ay, and she has not had time to take a philosophical view of the matter,' observed the visitor, as the three moved away, leav ing the figure crouching- as they found it, and throwingyts' shapeless shadow gon the wall. : In a rweek or two; she will'leaian. to feel 'that sho is rid'of ani encumbrance; aid that it is all for the best.-Good-evening, Mrs. Paul; I'm much obliged.', ' Good-ovening, siir.=And if -ever ,there was a cold-hearted; slimy serpent in- this world,' was the matren's after-reflection,. 'it's you, sir. If your mothe liad 'been rid of her encumbrance, it's my belief that the world would have found that for the bost. The idea of his putting that half-crown 'brick into his pocket, and not leaving it for }tlioepoor gui' when she came to herself rind to know the value of money I 3tah! if that's .a gentleman, give me common people.' 'Totally undisturbed by the knowledge that heo 'hid left aii ill-wi isher behind him, the visitorifollowxed his guide into the male ward, sepairatbed from tlhit which we have seen by a long; atone passa;e. ' Don't you say " Rise l" Ot tis, as you did just now,' said he imperatively. ' I want to see these fellows as they ordinarily look; not standing up as aivkardly as scarecrows in a fieldto receive visitors.' 'Very good, sir. Then, the only way to oatoh'em sois not to gb in yet, but to watch 'em through the spy-hole. I can't be al ways with 'em, you see as -Mrs..Paul can with her people ; but they never knows whether I am with 'em or not, andd that has at very good effect.' Making a gesture of silence, he slid aside an upper panel in the tdoro before him, and motioned to his companion' to look in. The apartment was the fac simile of that occupied by the females, btb :a low :underr current of conversation proclameed the absence of official restraint. Several itracts, and a few periodicals of a very sober, not to say dull description, were littered upon the great deal table; l hut of the twenty men rind lads that occupied. the ioom,<rwt. half a dozen were reading. Some nwere conversing in a low tone to their next neighbours some wero asleep, with their heads ;ireting. on their handsk; but the miipijority were doing, absolutely nothing, ,and a,; very wrotcherl employmemt they seemed to find it. Poverty without hope ; pain, without the power of endurance ; broken heialth and broken means \---thesdivere mirrored on all sides; but a breaking heart, at. least as we are accus tooted to conceive it, nowhere. There were no tears ; nor had there .,been any even in the wotian's ward. -Beforoe folks drift into Refugos for the Dlstitute, their tears, if they hisvo such; to shed, have commonly-all fallen;, tie fount;iik of them is'dried up, or has ben` trodden out by the feet of the cruel. Or, if not so, there being no:privancy,. the luxury of grief bininnot be indulged in such establish ments, where there are always a sufficient supply of albsoluteu, scound rels, whose .vices, not misforitiies,lma vci bought them thither, and whose :last ermaining pleasure is to gibe at theiwors of others, more wretched than themselves. . Thy men are mostly miuch more advaned - in years than their sisters-. in -mnisfortu ne.-"though..athei v..,gray. heads shake with feelnlenes3 rather than extreme old ago ;oor that the outward sign of the lack of lhopehlias becomo chronic with them I But there are a few of middle age, ill-complexioi,' -sottish follows, whose lips' are parching forge drain,-and i'who have no tehiioti,( 6th2 whivivtnil tdaglite's whom their solhishness .has. -oduced from sonme respectable station ((r" they - Would not be. here' to this sad 1iidsthameful pass. One' of. sed,.wlio isa Dpbeustino' a triet ivith na ;idal hmesmile,1has a singularly ;intelligent look. ' One of -'thp- cleverest fellows in England, air,' ivltispgjs "Curtis, seeing his ;cinpanion's glance directed, to this man. ob t'u clmapliti, and hol is con ijdil io very hearned man, imito fits at at gv. moeit ; mind they do say lie ha I abeen a parson ronicq.hsisself.' '°"'-But.-he-Alias seeti the aerror of his ways, eh 4 Well, what is hte now I \- Well, I-believe he is a political lecturer. Ata all .vents he lias the gift of the gfab I did assurer, you, sir. You should hear hint talk-they may talk, you know, between <twelvo and two--agon the bench of :bishops. -Th'itb was his wife, the party with the budged-up oeye, as. you saw in the next ream. -Some people complains of our separ ation of married folks here, but lor, it's a blessing to hat.' \---(T26-e-oontulierue iin out m.nisx 