ENGLISH AND FOBEIGN ITEMS. From the latest English files to hand we take tho following interesting items ; — A widow ha3 just died at Boston Spa in hor 105th year. A lion was choked in a circus at Ips wich whilo ondeavouring to swallow a large picco of meat. A cormorant for several days took up its position on tho weather-vane of Newark Church. Lord Bowton's London lodging-house is such a success that he has decided to erect a second one. Monday, September 25, was the cen tenary of the birth of Felicia Dorothea Brown, bettor known as Mrs. Hemans. The Mayor of Croydon has been pre sented with a miniature silver cradle, a son having been born to him during his year of office. . Mr. Williams, of Amersham, a well- known agriculturist, died from a scratch while dressing some lambs with a chomical lotion. Sir John Gilbert. It. A,, who recently gave several of his paintings to the cor poration, has been, presented with the freedom of the ' city. Monday, September 25, being the anniversary of the relief of Lucknow, the survivors dined together at the Hotel Metropolo. The census returns show that blind ness is on the decrease, there being one blind person in England and "Wales to every 1285 of the population. Several people in the Vienna Institute of Pathology voluntarily swallowed the comma bacillus, and in no single case did Asiatic cholera ensue. Domestics are leaving Hampton Court Palace, because the ghosts of Henry VIII.'s wives are supposed to haunt the rooms. A London shoeblack married, and with a family, was starved to death, his takings frequently being only 4d por day. Mr. Passmore Edwards, who has al ready given a largo sum to philanthropic bojects in his native county of Cornwall, has deoided to erect a lighthouse on St. Agnes's beacon. Mr. Whitbread, M.P., having offered sixpence for every wasp-nest destroyed in his park at Southhill, has paid £20 no fewer than 800 nests having been dis posed of. The largest cargo steamer in the world, and intended for the cattle trade, has been launched at Belfast. It is 500 ft. long, 60 ft. broad, and has a depth of 38 ft. A new boardroom for ; tho London School Board has been erected on a site adjoining the old building on the Thames Embankment, at a cost of over £100,000. The Ardlamont estate, on which Lieu tenant Hambrough mysteriously met his death, was put up for sale in - Edin- borough and failed to secure a bid. The upset price was £8.0,000. While digging out the foundation of sonic demolished houses in Wliitecliapel, about two tons_ of human bones were , the_siteof_aj)laguc-pit. cess for turning old playing-cards into new by means of cleaning and renova tion. The duty on each " new" pack is thus lost to the Treasury, and the Excise are trying to stop the firm's operations. The wedding gifts of the City to tho Duke and Duchess ot York have been on exhibition at the Guildhall. The service of silver comprises nearly 1500 pieces and weighs 4275 oz. A- collarette of pearls and diamonds whs the corpora- tions's present to the Duchess. A wealthy Westmoreland landowner, while walking, with his son in London, suddenly hailed a cab and drove off, leaving his son on the pavement. As a result of inquiries, the missing man was discovered in one of tho London workhouses. A gentleman in Glasgow has just re ceived a letter which Iris lady-love de spatched to him seven years ago. It- followed him across, the sea, and had been travelling about ever since.' Tho gentleman and lady had been man and wife for five years. Eleven persons w;ere shot dead and 10 wounded .during a'n attaok.upon a prison in Virginia with the intention of lynch ing a negro who was acoused of heating and robbing a woman. The negro was eventually dragged from the gaol by 20 desperate men, and hanged on the nearesttree. Doctors in America advertised for a demnity of £1000, would submit himself to an operation that might end fatally. They received 142 applications. The doctors desire to cut open the stomach of the man, in_ order to study the phenomena of digcstimi. As a result of tho scorching -up of the hay harvest, the Belgravia Dairy Com pany announces that tho food and litter for its cows and horses for. the next 12 months, will cost it £4750 more than tho average and it is accordingly com pelled to raise the prico of pure milk to 5d. a quart. ' A 3 year old ohild was enticed, away from its home at Bradford by a strango woman with faco muffled, who at once mado off. Tho child was discovered in sensible, and was found to ' bo covered fromhead to foot with bruises inter mingled with burns, apparently made with a red-hot poker. The German Emperor while on a visit to Austria, attended a Protestant church and listened to a sermon on the " Bless ings of Peace." Ho wore a grey tunic with green facings and broad epaulets, a green leather belt, from which hung a hunting-knife, high boots and spurs, and a Styrian hat with an enormous plume. Tho crinoline is not coming, after all. The Paris dressmakers havo declared that skirts are to be only moderatoly wide at tho base, and thoro is not to bo tho slightest attompt in them of a crinoline. A cofsot saved tho life of a lady in Bordeaux. A bullet fired in a street quarrel struck tho steel of her corset as she was passing, and, glancing off, left her unharmed. 