A SEO.RE T UNRAVELLED. The wholesale- produce. and commis sion store of Mr Purvis, on Delaware avenue, near Vine-street, was robbed on the night of October 17, 1865. The safe had been opened apparently by false keys, and upward of nine thou sand dollars in greenbacks were ab stracted. A package of bonds to the amount of 3,000 dollars more remained untouched. Two clerks, both young men, usually slept in the store. August Yerkes had been in the employ of Mr Harrison Purvis for about four years, and enjoyed the confidence of his employer. Pem broke Sharon, the other clerk, had only recently been taken, but the.manner in which he took hold of the business im pressed Mr Purvis so much in his.favor that he predicted a successful future for the young man, as a very able salesman and ultimate prominent merchant. Under this impression he placed implicit trust in Sharon, and selected him as a ccmpanion for Yerkes in the store at night. Both of these young men.were in the store the night that .the robbery oc carred; but, when the place was opened in the morning, Sharon was misting, and Yerkes lay on the floor near the safe with a serious gash on the side of his head, which had been bleeding pro fusely, jundging by the amount of blood on the floor. The unfortunate young man had evi dently endeavored to stanch. the blood, for his hands were stained as well as his clothes. By the disorder in the office and the numerous blood stains, both on the floor and walls, it was evident that a desperate struggle must have taken place. It was conjectured from this that Sharon, having provided himself with false keys, had opened the safe, and been surprised by his fellow-clerk in the midst of his work, who in turn dealt him the blow near the temple, and thee, after. a severe struggle between them, Yerkes fainted from loss of blood ana the robber fled with his booty. - Varnoe, a detective, and a. physician were at once sent for, and, while Dr. Edson was attending to his patient, the detective examined the premises with his usual carefulness, particularly the second floor, and returning to the lower floor found that Yerkes had recovered, and sat in an arm-chair with a bandage around his head. SWell, Mr Varnoe, what have you discovered ?" said Mr Purvis. "I find that the robber has been to the eecond foor," replied the detective ; "possibly he has taken some valuables from there as welL" . The merchant hastened upstairs, but presently returned, saying that nothing had been disturbed and removed as far as he could see." ", Whatever his object iay have been, I am positive he visited the second floor after the bloody; struggle: had -taken place." Then Yerkes gave the following account : He woke suddenly and found that Sharon had left the bed, and, fearing that some mishap had overtaken him, he lit a paraffine candle by the small gas jet in the room and began-to search'for him. Not finding -him on the second floor he returned to the- first floor, and dis covered him before the open safe. They saw each other at the~.same moment, and Sharon-was spellbound-at bein? dis covered in his criminal aet.: Then began the struggle the evidence of which was so plainly apparent. Sharon, being the stronger of the two, soon overpowered. his opponent, and-threw him so violently on the foorthat he became insensible. Varnoe listened with rapt attention to the end, then made a few notes in'his book, after which he went out of the store with his eyes bent on the floor before him, nntil he reached the'street then, after casting his eyes searchingly around on the ground, he walked' over to the dock and gazed into the water in a thoughtful manner. When he returned to the store and rejoined the others in the office, it was with a grave countenance. uMr Purvis, the robber has evidently escaped by way of the river, as the blood tracks reach to the dock." All eves were now directed towards the wounded man, who had suddenly grown pale. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but fell back with a groan and fainted away. While the doctor was applying re storatives to his charge, the detective drew Mr Purvis away to the rear of the store, andremained there half an hour in conversation with him, and, judging by his frequnent exclamations, he must have been astonished by what the detec tive told him. Re-entering the office, theyjfound Yerkes still unconscious, and, at the suggestion of Varnoe, he was taken to the hospital. "Now, Mr Poarris," said Varnoe. "will you point out to me the clothes usualiy worn by Mr Sharon while on duty at the store I" "Certainly, sir," replied the gentle man; "that is easily done," and he went to the closet where the clerks kept their outer garments. He examined the clothing with gasps of surprise. "What is it 1" said Varnoe, when MrPurvis laid the garments on the bed. " As I live, Sharon has not only left his coat and vest behind, but his pants as well," said Mr Purvis, in bewilder ment. "That is singular," said the detective, exchanging glances with the physician "It is rather puzzling, in fact, when you bear in mind that Mr Yerkes, tehen found, was fully dressed, while the thief left his pants behind," pointing tb a pair beneath the bed. "You will please see whether 1r Sharon left anything valuable in his pockets." Every pocket was examined. There was found a valuable watch and chain, a trie over 500 dollars in eallet. a pen knife, pencil memorandum, &c.;, &e.; "Retain the articles. Mr Purvis. and hang the garments up," said the detec tive. "I have another surprise here." Varnoe removed the bedclothes, leav ing the mattress bare. A number of bloody finger marks stained it along a seam ten inches in length. "I see what you are driving a'Y cried Puorvis, as he scanned the seam. SYou mean that the thief has hidden his plunder in the mattress." "I think so, at all events," was the reply, as he ripped the seam with his knife. Inserting his hand he drew forth the package of greenbacks. They were in tact, M ! Parvia said, after examining the seals: " I don't know what to think,'" eaid the gentleman, hopelessly. '"I declare my head aches trying to divine the otive'-- for--this--ost extraordinary 'crime. .' r Think as I do." " What is that 4" Why, that-Sharon, instead of being the thief, is-the : thiefs ..victim; which accounts for his leaving his outer gar npents behind. He evidently surprised the rascal, and iii a tussle with him he murdered Sharon, dragged him across the street and threw him in the river." "Then you really expect Yeries is the thief 2" asked the merchant, greatly agitated. S'I am sore he is not only-the thief, at a probable murderer also." " Oh; the wretch !" cried the mer chant passionately, "and in my heart I admired his bravery, while I pitied him for what he had endured-in endeavoring to protect my property. I am perfectly convinced that you have hit the right man," continued Mr Purvis. "If he knew of this he might give us the slip. The next thing to be done ,is to use every means in our power. to recover the body of poor Sharon." i "Poor, indeed, since all the clothes he has on his back are not his own," spoke a voice from behind them. i All looked at the speaker, who wore an old seaman's suit, and looked as though he had just recovered -from a severe fit of seasickness. \- Something in the tone of his. voice struck a chord in the breast of the mer cihant. He approached the- man,'and asked eagerly S" Who are you?" -My name is Pembtoke-Sharon." i In a moment he was surrounded by the trio, who congratulated him on his escape from death. He requested per mission to assume his proper dress, after which he would tell exactly what had occnrred during the past night. , His story was very similar to the one told by Yerkes, with this difference the positions were changed. 'It was Sharon who had surprised the other in reont of the open- safe in the act of stowing in his pocket the greenbacks alluded to. It was Sharon who de nounced the act, and Yerkes, both angry and frightened to be thus de tected, picked up a paper weight and hurled it at his fellow-clerk, striking Sharon on the head, inflicting a ghastly wound, from which he fainted, and knew no more rintil he awboke on board a vessel near the navy yard. . He was told ithat they picked him up in the river. The captain and his two men had been to the theatre, and were returning in a boat to the vessel, when a white object floating on the water attracted their attention, and they made for it and drew the apparently dead man into ithe boat and took him aboard the vessel, where his wants were at once attended 0o. When Terkes' version was related to him he laughed derisively, and was on the point of making a remark, when Sfamiliar footsteps were heard ascending the btair. f '" By Heaven, L believe it is August Yerkes!" whispered Sharon, as he astily entered the closet and. shut the :door. i He was none -too soon, for -the- next moment Yerkes walked briskly up to where the three men stood. Something \- sn their faces told him that something was amiss-something to his disadvan tage, too. ! You are probably surprised- to see me here again," remarked he for want of something else to say. ! e" We are, indeed," replied- Mr Purvis, regarding him with an ominous look. "You all appear to be anything but pleased to see me," next remarked the robber and would-be assassin. ' On the contrary, we are very glad to see you," spoke the detective,-with an ambiguous smile. Glancing at the detectivewith a scep Itical air, Yerkes walked to the closet and opened the door, and .the. next moment he uttered a fearful shriek and started back with his hair standing on end, and his face the color of ashes. He had seen (as his guilty conscience told him) the ghost of his victim, for Sharon remained in the closet, perfectly immovable, his eyes fixed reproachfully on the guilty wretch. The horrid vision was too much for his brain to endure. Yerkes became a raving maniac from that moment, and became so violent that the detective was obligei to manacle him hand and foot and again take him to the hospital, from whence he was shortly afterwards conveyed to the insane department of the almshouse. Pembroke 8haron was generously re. compensed by his employer for his heroic attempt to prevent the robbery, and promoted to a responsible position in the store, which he filled with credit both to himself and his grateful em ployer. Yerkes- lived about a year after this confinement, and died a raving maniac; a terrible retribution for his attempt to fasten the crime on an innocent person. 