Selected Tines and Class Wines, TR&papet; mad the other day by Mr. Jail before the Swan Siter Yinegrowers' and FruitgroworV Association, in which he Strongly od roosted the planting of special varieties of vines undine production bf cuss wines receives strong and sotisfac tory corroboration irem the Hps of Mr. P. B. Burgoyne, thé chief 'dealer in Austra* lian wines in London, and who, it msy be believed, is well bi the position to gangs the public taste! . This'wine expert, for sp be may be fairly styled, dwells at len ir th, andsnth emphasis, on the success which has been achieved in the other oolonies by the men who havei pursued the practice of extensively pnrehasiug grapes from the growersrnnd who bare aimed at the pro* ductiouof winesrf^ and types, fie pouts «ut how these factors »re in the pontiovto supply the market with hundreds ot bogheads of a particu iarlype ot, wine, and bow they sweep out ot the field tlis hiea who turn oat small quantities clWudeseriptwine. The first means towsros the end In view is to plait the sorts of Tine* which WÜ1 prodaee the Vines wMWAj&^j %àà~mà& effort f should he made bj our viticulturists and those interested ia the wiae industry, bot h by precept and example, to discourage the ' planting of a miscellaneous collection of vines, and on the other hand to encourage j the planting of the varieties which when converted into wine obtain the h ghost demand and the best prices. It is cou. tended by some in regard to these varie- ties that very special conditions sro re- quired for their successful eultivatiun,btit it will be noted that, referring to tbi<s matter, Mr. Burgoyne makes the import- ant statement that he does not incline to the opinion that the climate and soil of one colony are more suitable than those of another. There ist er. »ry reason to accept this expression «if opinion, and to believe that, broadly speaking, the samo rules apply to Western Australia ss to South Attstralia,Ticfcoria and New South Wales ; and that in regard to noil and climate this b not such a peculiar country as to render impossible of production those type wines which obtain the highest favour ia tho market, and which are now being largely and successfully produced in Victoria and Sooth Australia especially. It merely remains to be remarked, on tho present occasion, that the viues which Mr. Bur- goyne recommends for cultivation arc the Shiraz for body, the Malbec for " spring'' and the Carbinol for flavour and bouquet ; and it will occur to most who know any- thing of the vineyards of the colony that these are varieties which hare been almost entirely neglected:. M « 