THEOWN AWAY; OR, BASIL BAY'S MISTAKE. ? : IB'Y' 'VEBAX,' (Aiilhorof 'Xho Doublo Kvont,' ''Jtiiimliis,' It Off,' '.rooJjoy Jack,' 'Uimltoi- mill Hrolior,' ' W'M «oso,'&c.;) . (ATili K10HTS 1U3SERVED.) ? . ' OHAPTBU.XVI. ADA MAKISS A1-ISOOVJ5UV. TXTIIHN Adn, opened tho door aim poorod 1 ' » into tlio . iliirkniMH, but could boo | nothing. Slio thouifbtslio luusl, bavu boon iiiiatakon, and Unit boariiif; a footfall must; j havo bt'on moroly iniagiiiiitioii. Slio llatoriod intently, but ovorything wns still, with itu iiliuost unearLlily silonco. All I WlnifwiHi'lhftfc? A aound nt tbo ond'of tbo corridornoar tlio bond of tho utitivcaso. - Suddenly Ada biiw ,ii fnint pfliimiior of light, anil it suomod to- conio from that fatal uhnuibor which Bomo said was hituutod. What could it bo p How could tho light linvo conio thoro ? Ailn'wts no bolloror in ghoats, sho had too inucli common sonao, but whon ono buus ft light Buddonly Hash out from a prcsuuiod supcriiiilural ijuiiifcor, it is cnl culntud to initko tho boldeaL fuel Kouiowhat uuconifortitblu. Adn wits about to stop out into tho piissuiri.1 to nittko lurthor iuvoatigntion, when aho suddouly draw buck, and utlorod an cxcUtuintion of aurprisu.' ' . Tho light sho hud soon, and which sho thought Uud coiuu trout Iho liaunlod room, bud uviduiitly buou ehadud, uud tho iilckur of tlio lliuno caat, on tho doorway. Ada saw n iiguro clad iu whito, with a candlo iu its l-:iiul, and aomothing Bhiuing and gluamiug in Iho other hand. Another examination rovenlocl to hor that tho whito liguro wns no ghost, but hor sistor Lilian. What could bIio want in this place, at such an hour Y Lilian inuBt bo walking in hor sloop, thought Ada; o Sno know it was ofton dangorous to rouao sleep-walkors, but bIio had heard they could bo busily led brick to bed by moroly taking hold of tho hand and guiding them. ' Now Ada know who itwas sho had no four, and sho wont forward to try and iu ducu tho eloop-walUor to go L-ack to her room. Cautiously slio went along' tho passage, until oho was so closo to Lilian sho' could hear hor huavy breathing, and could soo her fucb by tho lic;lit of tho candlo sho held in her band. it was tho look in Lilian's faco that: al most i'roza Ada with horror. What tv transformation had talron placo in Lilian. Her oyes wero widu open, and a gleam of hatred, seemed to flash from them. Hoi' month twitched, ami hor whole figure seemed to trouiblo with passion. Lilian looked liko a mad woman about to commit somo dusporato dued. Ada could not speak, aho folt sho could not move. Lilian coinmoncod to talk to borsolf in it strange, weird voice, utterly unlike her own. Had sho uot scon hoi', Ada would novor havo rucognised the tond. . At first Ada could not mako out what sho said, Thod sho heard Lilian mutter: .- ' It's for iiaail, for Basil. I must havo Basil. I shall die without him.' Strange words, thought Ada. What is sha going to do for Basil ? How hor heart throbbed, ae sho listened for what; was to lolloiv. 'Such a chanco, too,' wbiit on Lilian. ' It must bo fatn. How easily it can bo dono., No ono will ovor know. Ali!'-how I hate you,' und tho white figuro shook with raH°» '''d pointed down tho tstiurcaso, 'Thoro, that will do. I have you now. No, uot quite. Lot mo boo.' Lilian looked nt something in hor hand, and Ada saw it was a smalt rovolvor. Was it loaded, she thought. If so, what would Lilian do with it I1 Sho might iujuro liorwlt. 'Burglars,' said Lilian, in a hoarso whisper. ' Thoy will think it is burglars. No ono will evor suspect uiu,- Ah ! ah I ah I' 'shu chuckled, with such fiendish ninlignity, Ada wns btartlod. ' So easily dono; too. Ono shot. : Oloso, closo, close to him'.'. Sho raisod tha rovolvor, and pulled tho trigger. Click I Ada gave a sigh of relief. It was not loaded. There was no daugor then. Hut what could Lilian mean by all this straugo behaviour? ' I've dono it. No one has scon mo. I must got back to my room,' Aiid Lilian fled ui- tho corridor at a'grpat paco, leaving Ada alono iu thu daikuoss. For a fow moments Ada was overcome at tho suddouess: of her lliglit. Thou . oho wulkod slowly buck to hor bodroom. Sho lighted hor lamp, and sat down. A look of intense horror, mingled with sorrow, came over her t'aco. Sho thought sho hod divined the 'meaning of Lilian's etrangu conduct. And yob thoro might bo some oxcuso for Lilian, ^orliaps it was nil un iiccidout. Shu recalled how Hector Preston had boon shoe dead on tho night of tho burglary at tho hull. What a rovelntion luul been shown her to-night. Could it bo possible. Oh, no, no, a thousand timea no. It was too horrible too droadful nvmi f,n pnnfrun. pinto. And yot llio words aho had heard Lilian uttor, thoro could be no dotiht about their meaning. Ada could only iirrivo at one conclusion from Lilian'u words and actions, and that was that Lilian had shot Hector lJreston, hur husband, And in hor own words slio had given Adn it motive for tho awful doed. It, mis to gain JJasil Kay for her husband. Surely thoro novor was niorimoao horrible, thought Ada. in hor innoconoo. She littlo know of what wickedness mon and ?woinon aro capable to gain tlioir ends. Tn hor slcop Lilian had botruyed liorsolt. Shu had bcon led by an iiiisoon power to cou r'eJK her crime, imd hor sistor wus tho con fessor. Ada's . position ' wns piiiuful, Through tho eilonC iiom-3 of the night sho thought ovor hor sistor'u guilt. It never occurred to Ada for ono nionont that sho should diacloao hor discovery to anyone. No, ulie would bo truo to Lilian, and bury this dreadful secrot in hor own breast. And llauil, wlmt of him? Ada pitied bim, and loved him moro than aha had ovor dono beforo. Sho knew now thoro could bo ? no happinoBS for Uaell in, hia married life, ? Tho Btalh of blood was on tlielr union. It could not Ub wiped out', It could nut bo forgivon until Lilian had expiated hor crime, Slio was very aorry for JJueil. This guilty BOcrot sho must kuup from him at all cost. Through no fault of hia own ho lnwl Ijocomo, n» it wore, woddod through crimo. How could Lilian boar up with such a fearful aiu upon hor con science. This was wbat Ada thought. Hor aimplo mind could not grasp auuh an awful situation. Had sho lo bear such a terrible weight nlouo shu felt sho should go mod. Mad. Would not thin secret ilrtvo Lilian mad iu tho end ? It must bo coimtantly prcsunt to her, gnawing at hor conscience. A terrible voice must bo calling out ' Murderess.' ' Thou ahull do no mur der,' ' Thou shalt net atoal.' Had not Lilian brokon tlioso command' monts. Sho had murdorod, uud sho had stolen hor husband, liagil Kay. Ada felt Uiu woight of this awful fsecrot would iii time bo too heavy for her to bear, llunr it, howovqr, sho must,; for Basil's sako, if'iiot for Lilian's. Sho thought of the disgrace- and tho humiliation ho would BiUTcrit' Ihistliing^ woru*miulo known. For his sako she would be bravo. I'or Basil's sake would havo givou her lifo. ' Ho was Liliivn's huoband, but Ada, folt now she 'know all that, there was no shaino iu loving Basil, lie had been bought with the prico of blood, and ho had boon stolon from her by Lilian. Ada's Bcvuplea woro not so strong now as when she mob Basil by tho river side and bado him leave her. Had sho known then what sho.kuuiv now sho folt she might have yielded; Whalovortlio world thought of hor conduct, Hlio folt hor own conscionco would not itccuso hor.' Ada's honest nature rovoltod at the idea of Lilian receiving Basil's embraces, knowing how thuy had bcun obtained. It seomod to hor a shnincful thing that Lilian should, havo tho right to demand a husband's duly from liivsil liny. Lilian obtained all Basil's earosses by false pretoncoH. No. wondor ho found them wearisbuio, and Lilian a burden on his life. Aiki did ' not blamo Basil for lmtrrying Lilian. All hor angor wiib for the woman who had so terribly wrongod him. Tho early morning light commenced lo steal through the window, and Adit wont lo gut a little rest. Sho fell aslcop. How long sho s'lopt slio could not say. When sho woke slio found Lilian in her room with her morning gown on. Sho looked. at Lilian, 'shuddered, and turuod awuy her face. Lilian saw tho 'look, and misintorproted it. 'Ada, I want to spoak to you,' aho said, ' before wo go downstairs.' ' What havo you to say to mo, Lilian ?' sho asked. ' Somotliing about Basil.' ' IIo(v can that possibly concern mo ?' said Ada. * ' It can, and it doos concern you,' said Lilian, angrily. ' Anyono with oyos can seo you'ro iu lovo with him. I believe you onoourngo him, Ada. Not that ho wants much encouragement. Men never do.' 'How dare you say such things, Lilian ? You of all pooplo,' Enid Ada, indignantly. . ' And pray who should say it if I do noL ? Am I not Basil's wife ? Does not that givo mo tho right to spoak ?' said Lilian. ' Yos,' said Ada, ' but it does not givo you tho right to insult, me, and wrong him. Basil is nothing to mo now, Lilian. I never was anything to him/ no matter what ho was to mo.' ' Ho is coming to-day, probably,' said Lilian, 'so bo, on your guard. It only makes you look ridiculous to let ovuryono seo how you dote upon him.' 'Say no moro, Lilian,' Baid Ada. ' llusil is nothing to mo. lio is your hus baud.' ' Sho shuddered. ' Tho thought soems vory unpleasant to you,' said Lilian. 'JBiiBil'is my husband, and I 'mean to let you be awara of that importantfact.' 'I am not likely to forgot it,' said Ada'. ' Lilian, do you, lovo Uasil ?' asked Ada, earnestly. ? ' ( ' Well, yen, I suppose I do. I admiro him, which is much tho same thing,' said Lilian. 'Do you lovo him bettor than you loved Hector?' asked Ada. 'Don't ask uuploasant quoslions, my dear,' said Lilian. ' I never did lovo Hector. I hated him. Ho treated mo liko ho would a pet dog.' . 'It must havo boon a terrible shock to you whon — whon — ' said Ada. ? ?'? When he was shot by thoso burglars,' said Liliitu. ' Of course, it was at tho timo, but never having oven respected him, I did not givo way to romorao long.' Could Lilian havo dono this dood, aiid talk so calmly about it? She must have mado some mistako ; and yob al'tur what sho saw uud heard last night how could she doubt, Sho would ask a quostion to con firm her suspicions, 'Lilian, what woro you doing in tho corridor last night ?' Said Adai Lilian Btartod and turuod palo. 'I in tho corridor. You aro mistakon, Ada. I was never out of my room last night, I slopt very woll.' i ' I hoard fpotstops in tho corridor last night,' said Ada, ' When I oponod tho door I fancied I taw you thoro at tho top of tho Blairs,' ' You must havo boon dreaming,' said Lilian, strangely agitated. ?' Perhaps I was/'said Ada, 'I fancied I saw you at tho head of tho btairs, with a revolver in your hand, and you pointed it at something. It frightened mo, and I j./m,1/I tmf; ultli.n ' Ono glance at Lilian's face told Ada sho had learned tho truth lust night. Lilian looked torrilied, and oho almost fainted. With a great oll'oi't, sho recoverod hursolf, and with a hollow laugh said : 'Really, Ada, what an extraordinary dream you must have had, How. absurd to imagine 1 should bo promenading tho corri dor with a pistol iu my hand.' I hopo you will not tell anyonu about this foolish dream.' ' I certainly shall not,' said Ada, at which Lilian guvo a sigh of roliof, nnd loft tho room. Lilian wont to hor own room. ? She sat down on a chair, looking tho picture of despair. 'What could I havo dono Irmfc night?' sho said. ' Tho revolver was on tho table whon I woko this morning, nnd I luft It iu my caso last night, It is vory strange. What did Ada menu ? My God I ' she ox claiiuod, iu a tone of anguish, 'suppose nhn really saw what ulio says eho did. If I walked iu my uloop. I havo heard of sleepers doing Etrango things. Oh, it cannot bo truo. If Ada know, what would bucomo of me. I think I shall go mad. That horriblo bcouo is always before my mind.. What shall I do ? I must bo gay j I must soo moro lifo j I must try and drown that memory of the past. Oh, Basil, Basil, how I sinned for you. And nor,- you do not lovo mo. Ho loves Adn, and she loves him. Sho bIiuII nover Jiavo him. Novor, novor, uovor,' Lilian forgot that wo cannot woild our own destinies. Sho rockonod upon hor strength, and gave no thought to it higher power than hor own. (To de Continued.) To-day tho pony and galloway racoa will bo run at Canterbury Park. Tho 3.T.C. amateur mooting, fiiod for Juuo 7, haa linen abandoned for tbu present. ?' Hanker nnd Broker,' ' Vorax'a ' now novel, wilt bo on sulu Iu Sydney In about a fortnight. 