DENISON GORGE, [By F.J.P.] Next to the Cataract Gorge, the most popular pleasure resort in the North is Denison Gorge, about thirty miles from Launceston, on the Scottsdale line. It is the ideal spot for picnic parties, but unlike the great Launceston beauty-spot its development is purely a Govern- ment speculation in connection with its railway policy. When the Scottsdale line was under contemplation, the cross- ing of the mountain range, in the spurs of which the Denison and Piper rivers take their rise, was one of the most difficult features to be overcome. And Mr. McCormack, when he selected Denison Gorge as the point of crossing, little thought when hewing his way through the dense undergrowth, that before four or five years had passed thousands of pleasure-seekers would be scattered around its fern-clad gullies, and that the hoarse murmur of the brooks and streamlets would form the chorus to the merry ringing laugh of childhood. But so it is. The iron horse has wrought all the change imaginable, and a spot that in the ordinary course of events would have rested in undisturbed solitude for the next half century, is now one of the pleasantest holiday resorts in the North. Its being thirty miles from the city is nothing when you can go there in less than a couple of hours, for half a-crown, first-class, and eighteenpence, second and be landed right at the spot. The gully and land surrounding was originally selected by Colonel St. Hill, but, if the gallant officer ever seriously contemplated hewing out for himself a home among its forest and scrub, he would have to discard all ideas of eight hours forming a settler's working day, unless he was content with the typical "slab hut shingled with straw." When the line was opened for traffic, the General Manager of Railways saw there was a good opportunity here to add to his receipts. Negotiations were opened for the re-purchase of the selec- tion, and it soon passed back into the hands of the Crown. The department then went in for a few improve- ments, such as clearing out a few alcoves in the scrub, making some pathways, and erecting some rustic seats, carefully remembering that to proceed far in this direction was to spoil and not improve. A station was erected at the crossing near the gully, and the passengers have only a few steps to go before they plunge into its ferny recesses. Saturday afternoon is the favourite time for excursions, the train leav- ing at 2.15 p.m., arriving at the Gorge about 4 p.m., and returning from thence, about half-past 6; but on holi- days trains are often run at about 11 o'clock, and thus giving picnic parties ample time to explore the beauties of the place. The trip up is a very enjoyable one. For the first ten miles the line passes through broken country, with the stony ridges on the one hand, where a bandicoot would almost starve, but on the other it is varied by charming glimpses of the Tamar, reaches of which lay stretched out like mountain lakes, with the wooded hills rising gracefully from the water's edge. About three miles from Launceston the first sharp curve is met (and there are plenty of them on the line), but as the trains sweeps round it the city dotting the numerous heights is brought into view, and with the water glistening in the foreground, makes a charming picture. Then on to Turner's Marsh, where the first halt is made, not to take in passengers, for a wayfarer seldom gets in, but simply because it is the custom of the colony, and stations were made to stop at. From this out the journey is very interesting. Away to the right the hills rise gradually, one behind the other until, crowning the range, Mount Arthur appears at the back; while northward the eye roves down the valley of the Piper. The view is ghost- like and weird, especially in returning home in the moonlight. The settler's axe has been busy at work ringing the trees, and they throw out their gaunt, bare limbs in all directions, while some of the white, weather-beaten trunks stand erect and branchless, thrown boldly into relief by others which are charred and marked by the fires in burning off. Down in the valley there are patches of clearing, with the waving crops of wheat and oats, or the darker green of the potato field, and the sub- stantially built homesteads tell of the work of brawny arms and iron sinews. A troop of sturdy little ones rush out at the noise of the approaching train, and mounting the fence hurrah and yell as it goes by, and are responded to by a hundred juvenile throats on board. Mount Dismal shuts in the valley on the west (why "Dismal" is hard to ex- plain, for the prospect is the very reverse), and here and there glimpses of the main Piper road are caught sight of, glistening white and dusty through the surrounding foliage. Curve after curve—the train now heading this way and now that—is passed, and Old Sol seems playing a game of hide and seek as it dodges first in at one side of the carriage and then at the other. The gullies passed are innumerable, each revelling in a wealth of foliage, and there is a short stop at Karoola, and a longer one at Lillydale, where delicious baskets of late strawberries are procurable for the reasonable sum of one shilling, and luscious plums and peaches at cheaper rates. The little township looks a thriving one. The amount of cleared ground around it shows that there is a good backbone to it. Mount Arthur now shows out prominently, its lower slopes densely covered with forest, which gradually get thinner until the mountain crest looks bare and bald. But the stray shillings are spent, the wheel oiled, and upward and onward the train moves in its ascent of the hill, terminally at the tunnel, and before you know where you are the glorious sunlight is changed into Cimmerian darkness. But it is only for three minutes, and you emerge at the prettily-situated station of Letrina, and commence the descent of the Gorge. It is "steady on the break," now, for the decline is 1 in 40\. There is a perfect wall of under- growth on either hand, grown up within the past four or five years; but breaks in it allow you to see the valley at intervals. There is a series of twists and turns, and the engine heads almost fairly back towards Launceston; an open batch appears, and there below you a hundred feet, and about a quarter of a mile distant is the line again going in the opposite direction. But it is a long way round to that spot, and the wheels skirr and grind on the breaks as the train slips down the incline, and stops at an iron tank to take in water. The horse, however, is not very thirsty, and in a few minutes you draw up at the siding. There is a gather- ing up of baskets, and away the whole party troop down a set of soft, velvety steps, composed of fern trunks, across a small bridge, and are faced by a huge copper, surmounted with the notice, "Hot water supplied free" (for no fires are allowed), and then turning up the streamlet two or three recumbent forest giants are surmounted by aid of the useful fern trunks. On one side is a dense scrub, with cosy little picnic arbors cut out of it; on the other is the brook, and a few steps bring you into fairyland. Ferns everywhere– tiny little ones peeping up at your feet—gigantic twenty-footers over- head, throwing out their feathery, fanlike fronds in the most graceful manner, while above all are the limbs of the giant gums, shutting out the sunlight almost. The atmosphere is heavy with the perfume of the musk; clumps of sassafras, myrtle, and dog- wood are on every side. There are little rustic bridges in half a dozen places, composed of growing ferns, and the pure cold water trickles down invit- ingly at your feet. The excursionists are soon scattered, in all directions, there is a general unpacking of hampers, a demand for hot water, and the odour of choice Congou or Pekoe rises grate- fully from many a charming nook. A little later, and groups are wending their way to the waterfall about a mile up the gully. There on a gnarled trunk embowered in fronds, "Sweet Seventeen " has thrown off her hat, and is enjoying the surroundings, a verit- able nymph of the glen. As the vista opens, your first transformation scene at the pantomime rushes back on your memory, and if the glittering glare of the gaslight with its sparkling hues flashed back in a myriad, bright forms caught your juvenile imagination, so now Nature in its quiet peacefulness offers its wealth of floral treasures to the appreciative mind. The children with their bare feet are paddling in the pebbly brook, intent on the chase of a stray brown mountain trout; specimen hunters are busy with knife and trowel, hunting choice fern roots or choicer mosses; while Phyllis and her attendant swain have ensconced themselves in some snug corner, and are seemingly oblivious to the outside world. Every bend of the creek reveals new beauties. The massive trunks that are scattered around in every direction are covered with a mantle of moss of every shade of green, the fantastic forms of the gnarled, knotty stumps present an infinite variety of shapes, while on the opposite bank a gum tree rears its stem, round and smooth as a gunbarrel for sixty feet, cutting the sky line with its column. It is just the place a weary business man would revel in, far from the noise and whirl of the street; a spot where he could give himself up thoroughly to the enjoyment of a weed, and let bank over-drafts, and over-due bills go to—Carrick or elsewhere. The quiet restfulness acts as a restorative on the nerves, and when he is roused from his reverie he rises with an air of regret, and lazily takes up life's cares again in the shape of the rifled hamper. The run home in the clear bright moonlight is very enjoyable. Oc- casionally the track is lit up by the glare of the settlers fire burning off, and away in the distance the devouring element is seen creeping up the giant trunks, and a shower of sparks belch forth from a hollow; or the crackle of the undergrowth close by shows how it is gradually spreading. The children enjoy the fires amazingly, and vote them as good if not better than the City Park illuminations. Launceston is reached about 8 o'clock, the run home taking an hour and a half, and the excur- sionists depart each on their several roads leaving the department richer by a score or so of pounds. The trips generally very well patronised, and as many as a thousand persons have been known to visit it on a holiday. It helps considerably to add to the revenue of the line, and serves admirably to give our intercolonial visitors an idea of the scenery our island home can produce. 