THE JANUARY MAGAZINES. Blackwood begins the 77th year of its existence by putting on a new suit of clothes ; or, in other words, by appearing on large paper, with broad margins, new type, and a generally improved aspect, as if it meant to renew its lusty youth. A fresh serial story is commenced under the title of " Earlscourt," the scene of which is laid in a country town, and the circumstances under which the pro- digal son abruptly returns in prosperity to the place of his birth are calculated to pique the curiosity of the reader at the outset. The benighted politicians who attribute the bad plight in which the English farmer finds himself to free trade will be angry with Mr. J. B. Kinnear for showing that the American farmer is much worse off than the British agriculturist, while he indicates how a net profit of 24 an acre may be made from the land even with wheat at 4s. a bushel. He also contends that on 0,000,000 acres the mother country could grow all the wheat she now imports, leaving 15,000,000 acres of her present pasture land for other grain and the feeding of more cattle and sheep. Recent events in Dahomey have been so difficult to follow that an article containing a succinct narrative of them, by Mr. A. P. Crouch, is both opportune and acceptable. The French had no option but to attack and punish the half-civilised savage who now reigns over the country is but it is to be feared that the deadly nature of the climate will always be a bar to its profitable occupation by its conquerors, while its natural products are said to offer no opening for European commerce. A review of some recent works of German fiction speaks in terms of high praise of one of the psychological studies of Max Nordau, whose writings are said to breathe the very quintessence of the nineteenth century spirit, An essay on Mobs is directed to show how easily popular demonstrations may ripen into disastrous revolutions where Governments are weak, and tolerate excesses which should he firmly repressed at once, as incompatible with law and older. Professor Blackie analyses some recent "leases on Phrialinn misses " lv recent Essays on christian Greece, by Demetrios Bikelas, which have just, been translated by the Marquess of Bute, and declares that " there is not a single scene in the whole of that wonderful drama, from Constantine to King George, which the learned and judicious Hellene does not touch with the feeling of a brother, the hand of a master, and the impartiality of a judge." A clever paper on Ornament, by Sir Herbert Maxwell, animadverts on the dearness of taste which universally prevails, and reminds the London County Council of what a splendid opportunity is presented to it of adopting a spirited policy in public works. Writing on " Our Mission in Egypt," a contributor points out that in the short period of six years British rule in that country has been the means of placing it in a position of solvency, and that to relinquish its occupation before the work is finished would he treason both to civilisation and humanity. The political article is entitled "A Retrospect and at Prospect," and dealt trenchantly'' with the " eccentric imbecilities" of Mr. Morley, and with the conduct of those who are " drugging the name of Liberal through the dirt." A memoir and portrait of the Archbishop of Westminster are given in the current number of the English Illustrated Magazine, followed by a description, with several views, of the Chicago Exhibition, which will cover just five times the area of the Crystal Palace in Hyde-park, while all. manufactures building is the largest structure in the world. Mr. Burne-Jones and his art form the theme of a laudatory disquisition by a writer who places him amongst the greatest of English painters, and gives seven examples of his work. Captain Price sketches the military career of four famous Generals in the British army and Mr. S. J. Weyman takes us through the Pyrenees in December, beginning at Olornn and ending at Bosost, describing the people and the scenery he met with by the way. Mr. W. T. Greene introduces us to some of the song-birds of India, one of which, the shaina, seems tocxcelev'cnthenightingalc, Mr. Bret Harte concludes his story of ally Dews," and Mr. Henry Herman con tributes a clever novelette, entitled "The Last Letter." Writing of the South Meath election petition, in the Fortnightly Review, Mr. J. E. Redmond, M.P., deduces from it the moral that there are large masses of Catholics in Ireland who are determined to think and act for themselves in political affairs, and that there is no fear of clerical ascendancy in the event of Home Rule being conceded to that country. Mr. W. J. Corbet, who states that his avocations have imposed upon him for years past a close and continuous study of the statistics of insanity, showed from official figures, that there is an appalling increase in the ratio of the insane to the same in the mother country, and that the number of the former has considerably more than doubled in one generation. Speak- ing from personal acquaintance with the Ameer of Afghanistan, Sir Lepel Griffin protests against his being connected with every trivial dispute on the north-west frontier, and against it is being worried into an altitude of coldness or hostility by Indian officials ; pointing out, at the same time, that for the past eleven years he has behaved in a loyal, friendly; and honourable manner towards Great Britain. Cast. away on the shores of Terra del Fuego, and constrained to remain there for two months, Mr. D. R. O'Sullivan is enabled to contribute a highly interesting account of that little known region and its cannibal inhabitants, who constitute a race in themselves, distinct from all others in appearance, language, customs, and beliefs. Another of the fallacies so dear to the heart of the protectionist, namely', that highly-paid Labour requires to be protected against competitors earning low wages in other countries, is mercilessly knocked on the head by Mr. D. F. Schloss, who proves that cheap labour is the dearest of all labour, and that the superior productiveness of the highly-paid operative renders him more than a match for his underpaid rival elsewhere. The late Sir Thomas Brassey demonstrated this when making French railways half a century ago. "An Englishman," who is evidently well nrwtpd till all Brazilian affairs. within his JUICE U!, 111 JJ, h, "till UllllllO, still in a country man that the new republic is "loom so large as a political and (manual wreck about to all to pieces ' Mr J F S) monds s brilliant essay) on Michael Angelo is reviewed by Mr H P Horne, who pronounces it to be a work which is likely to remain unique, in having established in the best and fullest sense of the word the intent) of that room a final e artist ' A paper on Small fauna, l>) Miss Much Phillips is of exceptional interest and importance just now, and all the more so because it deals with actual facts, giving the experience of cultivators, some of whom have paid as much as £1 an acre rental for land, and have made, and are making a comfortable living out of it for a does the labour brutalise the man who cultivated 30 or 40 acres "On the contrary), ' we are sold, "Ins hitilh"eucc is de v eloped. Ina mention is stimulated, his interest is kept constantly on the stretch, he tastes the excitement of the struggle and the joy of success " Mr. M. 1 revven contributes a valuable article on the silver question, in which the disastrous in suits of nionotmtallism tire pointed out with much force and clearness "'The exclusion of silver from the coinage atever) nuntin Europe, it is argued, will, it put severed in, 1 being the work back to the level of prices obtaining in the sixteenth century Let us see what this would involve Out National Debt is to day about 10 per cent of our national assets, if prices fall to the level of the sixteenth century fall, that is, to one fifth the National Debt would require for its redemption, not one tenth, but one half of the national assets ! And it is this precarious augmentation every) where of the burden of national debt which to do) threatens to result in wide spread re pudiation the weaker nations, Turkey, Portugal, Spain, Brazil- those nations which have borrowed largely, not from their own people, but from England will be the first to do and it is safe to say that, in the fall of prices during the next fifteen years is on the same scale as Since 1873 (when ally er was pro scribed and gold became a monopoly) by 1110 there will not be a national debt left in all I grope Mr Trewren is of opinion that in so far as India is concerned the exigencies of the crisis demand the cessation of coinage there the effect of which would be a steady advance in the price of silver in the United States The remarks A belief in international bimetallism - a belief confined to years since to a mere handful of students-has no-v swept both political parties and become public opinion Not only so but an irreconcileable third party is organising that demand free coinage of silver by the United States since handed and that contemplates with out the smallest alarm the possibility even of a single silver currency In a paper on the alleged benefits of vivisection Mr A C Jones brings forward some examples of the methods and results of physiological research necessitating as he considers experiments on living animals the Rev. H. R. Haweis man article on ghosts and their photographs pleads for the abolition of the word super natural and argues that the distinction henceforth is not between natural and supernatural but between known and unknown He contends that the time has come for the ex- imitation of occult plan opens on ac count of their obstinate persistence and quotes some well authenticated cases of the sensitive plate of the photographer having revealed objects invisible to the naked eye under circumstances rendered,, fraud impossible Sir J this V neck discusses social policies in New-Zealand for the purpose apparently, of allowing our country men at home that a fragment of a people going from an old to a new country is likely to progress more rapidly in the attainment of popular condi rous than the main body left behind And he recommends Great Britain to profit by the example of her children in the South an 1 adopt an easy system of land transfer the are often cut of a public trustee advisory aid to launch s the acquisition of land in blocks to cut up for the settlement of families and various other progressive measures in which New Zealand has led the way Air Swinburne contributes to the Nine legally CeiUitty a throned) on Tennyson, which is somewhat laboured, and occasionally marred by obscurity of expression Some plain truths are vigorously spoken by Mr W. S Lilly main essay) on lease democracy), that is to say, the principle of government by counting heads without reference to the mental capacity of the moral worth of the individual and, thus making a sum in addition the foundation of the public order. The idol of modem democracy), he observes is the stump orator, and Mr. Gladstone is singled out as that orator to next this-" grandiose, turgid, de- enunciated), unctuous, and vague" in his platform rhetoric, readily) adapting himself to the variable opinions of a (sickle populace, fluttering King Mob more adroitly than the most extravagant of the Revolution) orators in In ance, and, like them, appear- ing to believe that the populace camels no wrong " Monarchical absolutism is admittedly dead, but, observes Mr. Lill), we are threatened, in place of it, with the dismal domination of the dullest of desperate mob which strikes and will not hear." Professor Muhally exposes and de- nounces the sham education of the du). He asks what primary instruction leads to, and replies, " to the leading of the lowest and worst forms of ephemeral literature. I mean that which is distinctly intended to be in Barometer), to rouse passions, of which the political, which are bad enough, are perhaps, the least reprehensible." 'His pro lessor condemns the examination system, root and branch, and, speaking as a teacher with thirty years' experience, he declares the outcome of our educational methods to be that the liberty of which Englishmen profess themselves to be so jealous is being island away from year to year by those pests lent theorists who are enslaving our youth under the false pretence of intellectual dis- cipline." Miss Oi wants Hill enlarges on the necessity of securing trained workers for the poor, so as to help them to be then best selves, to prepare their children for useful work, to use the hard) earned wages well, to put by for the rainy day)." Aicotd mg to Mr. E. R. Russell, man essay upon ing to mr L J ..ussen, man essay upon Mr Irving's King Lear, the old conceptions of that character have departed, and knew tradition has been created by his latest re presentative, so that Betterton, Garrick, Barry, Booth, Kean, Macready, Rossi, and bah an were all wrong and what the best critics in London have pronounced to be a relative failure is to be accepted as the future standard of excellence ! 'The Countess of Jersey contributes a lively narrative of her three weeks' stay in Samoa, where she visited both the rival potentates, and found them "honourable and well intentioned men, deserving of respect, and, under the circumstances, of sympathy Lord Grimthorpe discusses the question, Is architecture a profession or an art' basing his remarks upon a volume of essays on the subject which has recently appeared, and indulging in some sharp strictures upon architects generally A good many worthy people will be grieved to learn, on the authority of the Rev. Father Clarke, & I, that Professor Mivart had no authority for representing hell as a place in which a good deal of happiness may be enjoyed Nothing of the sort, it seems "The general drift of Catholic teaching is to represent the agony of hell as surpassing any form of suffering known to men on earth, and to picture the lost as condemned to a miser) which will know no mitigation, no permanent alleviation, to all eternity The meaning of life, as ex hunted in the poems of Tennyson, Swinburne, and William Morris, is examined in a spirit of delicate and dies leaving criticism by Mr. F. W. H. Myers The first like Wordsworth, realised with extraordinary intuition, and promulgated with commanding genius, the interpreters tion of the spiritual and material worlds," while the other two are represented as taking a hopeless view of the after life, Morris more particular!., feeling never turn, with sad discouragement the shadow and imminence of the End in the deceased poet, Mr M ers remarks, all who cling to the spiritual aspect of the universe have lost their head and chief, " the one man, surely, m till the world to (be who, from a towering eminence which none could question, informed the realities which to us are till ' A Hindu lady), Miss Cornelia Soradji, gives us, under the title of " Uren, a Poisoned Queen, ' a picturesque but pathetic glimpse of domestic life in the terms of a native of men General Sir George Chesney) treats of the silver question as it affects India, and proposes to by the value of the rupee in relation Rothesay run at one shilling and fourpence for 1813 04, with a use of one penny per annum in each of the nest two hours, in order to pave the way for bimetallism when the time comes for the gem ral adoption of that reform, which he evidently regards as inevitable Mrs E A M Lewis writes in a practical spirit on the reformation of domestic service, and asks why) there should not be a culinary depot in every street, from which the meals could be sent out, after the fashion of every foreign town in which a restaurateur i and tration abound Speaking of the influence of the Irish priest in politics, Mr Michael Davitt argues that it will disappear under Home Rule, and that a conservatism new to Ireland will come into existence, and the old antagonists of an alien administration will be trans- formed into guardians and upholders of native law and order M Yves Gmotnsks 1 Where are we going * ' a profit of the Panama scandal, and describes the whole affair as an act of revenge on the part of the Boulangist coalition, only involving more serious dangers to the nation than those threatened by the General 1 he editor s personal reminiscences of 'tennyson form a valuable addition to the information already published with respect to the poet, his religious belief, and the feelings which in spied his compositions the writer gives us the late laureate's explanation of tin iiaturalc.roupsordivisions of 'liiMtniormm, and his own annotations upon twenty seven of the annuals Speaking of that port in to Mr Knowles, Tennyson said "It is rather the end of the whole human race than mine In the poem altogether private grief swells out into thoughts of and hopes for the whole world 