THE STORY-TELLER. m ? -^ TRAPPED BY HIMSELF. -»?-??? (TOLD BV AN EX-DETECTIVE.) (Concluded from last Week.) A few seconds manipulation of the knob on the door of the vault, guided by the cabalistic letters and figures in the manager's noto book, which he held open in one hand, caused the lock to respond, -and. the ponderous door slowly swung open. Ho stepped into the vault and cast an eager glance around. Before he had time to do more there caine a mufBod growl {rom the depths of tho strong room, and Nip, with gleaming fangs and flashing eyes, bounded towards him. " Curse the brute !" snarled the man. And to protect himself from this nuez* pected foe--he had left his revolver in the bag-be pulled the big door to. As it swung into placa he heard something give an ominous click, and a cry of horror escaped him. For a moment he was overcome, aad thou the instinct of self preservation asserted itself, and he cautiously pushed against tho door. It did not yield to the pressure and he pushed bar 1er. It remained as finn aa adamant,aud horrible curses and im preda- tions fell from the trapped man's lips. " Gaged, trapped done for by ray own act, like the fool (hat I am," he cried, " and my. tools aro all outside ! The bolts fell into position as the door closed. Hay the devil take the dog !" ; And then, with' au howl of anguish, he throw his body violently again and again upon the unyielding barrier. He cursed, ghosted and prayed by turns, ' but the sound of His voice went no further than the steel walls of his prison. j Finally, in sheer desperation, he threw 1 himself upon the floor, exhausted with his vain efforts to regain his liberty. In the meantime, Donovan had returned to consciousness, aud realising that he had been duped, and that the treasure he was paid to guard was in jeopardy, ho struggled desperately to break the bonds that bound him. He writhed and twisted, and pulled and tugged, and at length, after what seemed hours of exertion, snceeded in loosing one of his hands. To completely release him- self and remove the gag from his mouth was now au easy matter. He got uponfhis feet with difficulty, for a horrible pain was racking his head. He felt faint aud dizzy, and hi* limbs were stiff aud sore. Cocking his revolver, he crept down the stairs into the vault-room. Nip, who had been crouched before tho door, bounded forward to meet bim, aud then ran back with a savage growl. The watchman saw the burglar's leather bag lying oa the floor, and tuen the situa- tion was plain to him. ' " Thank Heaven !" he exclaimed. " The fool was trapped himself, and the funds of the bank are safe." He pounded ou the door of the vault, «nd the burglar, hearing tho sound, sprang up «od began to hammer vigor- ously on his side of the barrier. " Open, open !" he shouted. But Donovan heeded him not. Leaving the dog on guard, the watchman harried back upstairs, intending to go in search of a policeman. Suddenly there was the sharp whirr of the electric bell, and revolver in hand for his late experience had taught him caution-Donovan opened the street door. Instantly Mr. Bonsor sprang in. The watchman recoiled from him as though confronted by a ghost. " What ! Mr. Bonsor ! he ejaculated. " I thought--I thought-. Who, then, 'is " m " And then, in his joy at finding that the real Mr. Bonsor was not the villain ap- pearances laid him to believe, he broke down completely, and began te sob. " Tho burglar P-tae burglar ?" gasped Bonsor, unable to say more in his excite- ment. . "JBafely locked up iu the vault with Nip on guard ovor him. Thank Heavoa it's not yon, sir !" answered Donovan. Then he explained how lié had been doc >>ved, aud showed the manager, the weájjju with which he had baou Jcuock^d down. Talking thus, they reached the street, where they soon discovered a constable, to whom Mr. Bonsor, in a few words, explained why his services were required. The manager's timely appearance upon the scene was brought about in this way: After the burglar's departure he had managed to wriggle from the bed to the floor, bouud as he was, aad rolling over aud over, had at last reached the door of the outer room. - On its panels he kicked vigorously until tho noise attracted the attention of one of the serrants who was pausing on her way to the kitchen. It so happened that this servant was uoue other than Nollie Tibbits, the watchman's sweetheart, and being a courageous giri she unlocked the door. When she saw the manager's plight, she screamed for bfllp. Two of the lodgers and the landlady the place was a private lodging-house of a superior kind--at once came to his assist- ance and released Mr. Bonsor. Stammering out his story, and borrow, ing a hat from one of his deliverers, he j harried with whit speed ho could to the bank, though dazed and faint from the effects of the burglar's rough treatment. He could not imagine how the fellow had been so foolish a« to lock himself in' the vault, hut Donovan explained the matter. " It was all Nip's doings, I think, sir," he said. " The fellow deceived me- for I am ashamed to say that I thought it was Jon, sir, and the likeness is very great at he could not deceive Nip. Good old dog !" The constables-another one had arrived-the watchman, and the manager now went down to the vault ia a body, and Mr. Bonsor who luckily had a duplicate list of the combinations, unlocked the doors. The burglar made no resistance, and handcuffedsecnrely, was taken to the near : est police station. . After his remand from the police court I was instructed to find oat whether he was " known " as a former criminal. I recognised him as an old offender, jost oat of prison, whose acquaintance I had j more than once made officially. For this ! latest exploit ho was sentenced to a long term of penal servitude. The bank directors rewarded the dog's j master with a present of a hundred pounds and Mr. Davey, the chairman, oat of his private pocket, completely furnished a neat house in a new neighbourhood, on the ground floor of which the watchmen opened a grocer's shop, which Miss Nellie Tibbits-or, rather, Mrs. Donovan-as- sisted bj Donovan's mother, looked after. Mr. Bonsor still smokes his after-dinner cigar and drinks his post-prandial andi water; but remembering what serions conséquences might have resulted from j his indulgence in the other habit, he has completely- ewhewed the before-dinner I drink of whisky. And in this he is wise, for the obvions moral to be drawn from '. his experience is: Never drink with; strangers, whether before or after din- ! net \- Weekly Budget. 