THE STORY oy ANDREW FAIRFAX. \------- BOOK II. FBIFABINO FOR HI8 WORK. CHAPTER XXII. "O'E1 MOOR AND FIN." "Thou hast me forsaken, Jamie ! Thou hast me forsaken Thou hast me forsaken, Jamiel Thou hast me foriaken. Thou canst love anither, go, While my heart is breakin' Soon my weary een I'll close Never mair to waken, Jamie, Ne'er mair to waken!" -BOBERT BrRts. Just as Andrew was going out, he heard a timid knock at the door. On opening it ie saw Amos Crews standing there tremb. line and cold. * I couldn't bear to see 'ee go alone," he ;ijd. " I feel I must go with 'ee. God 'll gre me etrcngth." SAmos, Amos," said Andrew, "it must no: Ie. You are trembling, almost faint ing now." " I've come fast. I was fraid you would be gone, but I'm in time, thank God. I coulin't slaip or rest, sur, ef I thought vra'd be alone. I shud go mazed, sur. I ,il I've got strength, I must go weth 'ee." Andrew led the old man to a chair. His eves seemed to fash with new light, he did not sto)p so much as usual. " I'm 'fraid I ain't a done my duty by 'Cr, sur, and I be thinkin' as 'ow the poor mail have thought that I was 'ard wi. 'er. I ought to 'er guarded 'er better, sur, and I ought to ha' bin more tender. She's my rwn maid's cheeld, she es, and I loved her like my own life when I said cruel things ct 'er. I must go weth 'co, I must bring 'er 'ome; and then-then the Lord's will be done." " Amos," said Andrew, " if you go with =e. I'm afraid it will kill you." "It'll kill me if I don't. Master An irew," answered the old man. " Why, to hink that little Kitty. b-aring a burden of sorrow and shsame, should be out on Fich a night as this, while her ould granfer was lying warm in bed, would be terrible. No. no, sur, ler me go weth 'ee, lev me ;elp 'ee to find 'er, lev me see 'er safeo :ome, and then-well then may the dear L?ard taske me home." Anarew saw there would be no use in rying to dissuade him, so going to the kitchen he tried to get something to trengthen him for his journey. His land ldy had gone to bed, but he knew where the food was kept, so going to the larder he took therefrom a jug of milk and some eggs. These he took with him into his ittle sitting-room, and pouring the milk .n a saucepan and patting it on the fire be began to exercise his knowledge in ookery. After old Amos had drunk a large dish of hot milk with new-laid eggs beat up in t, he looked far more strong and capable, .nd .hen having wrapped him up warmly with some of his own clothes, Andrew led him out into the cold and silent night. " We'll go to St. Lerrick first," he said. "If we have a chance, we'll inquire about her on the way; but I am in hopes ttat we shall find her in the workhouse there.' "We never shall," said Amos tremu lously. " The maid '1 go further away than that. Come on, sur, come on." But their progress waa not great. An drew had to accommodate his steps to those of the old man, who, although he t?ailed on bravely, was still weak. " Well stop at Morgan Cross," said Andrew, after they had gone on in s.lence or some time. " Morgan Cross; why ?" saked Amos. " She may have gine by train." " Ah, I dedn't think of that; but I doan't bleeve she es." " Why ?" " She ain't a got no m mey." " Candy may have given her some." "'Ave you seed young Cundy, Mauster Andrew ?" " Yes." "Will 'ee tell me what you said to aich other I" Andrew told him. " Ton may call at Morgan Cross and in quire, Maister Andrew, but she edn't gone by train." \- No i" "She ain't a got ne money from we, Maaster Andrew,'caume we ain't a got noan ourselves, and she wouldn't take noan rom he. She wudden't, sur. She edn't hat soart of a mid." They came on to Morgan Cross presently and found the station gates lock.d, but hey roused up the station master. No, he had not seen Kitty Crews. lie was certain that she had not been at the ation that day. The next station, more over, was more than fire miles away, and it as not probable that she had gone to that. They trudged on again. It was now far paEt midnight, and the roads were very drear. Still the night was light. The moon sailed high in the heavens while the imy frost reflected its silvery light. )rdinarily Andrew would have enjoyed the walk, but, remembering his mission, -ad remembering, too, the sorrow of the i old man ro uncomplainingly trudging on at ! ,is side, he could not realize beauty or enjoyment. Uften they had to stop and rest; often Andrew tried to persuade Amos that when hby came to St. Lerrick he must go to -oone place and rest while he ,pursued his earch alone. But to this Amos would nor £ ten. " No. sur, I'll stay weth 'ee," he would -ay, " and I bleeve the Lord es goin' to ra.ke me useful. He tould me to come weth 'ee, sur, and you'll be glad that I've rome. Besides, she's my own maid's cheeld, and I must be the one to find her." It was three o'clock in the morning wben they arrived at St. Lerrick. They did not expect to find her on the St. Neot side of this little town. Andrewr hop d that she would call at the St. Lerrick -orkhouse and spend the night there, but Amos derived no comfort from the thought. " The dear cheeld wasn't go there," he said sorrowfully. Still he did nothing to binder Andrew rgom callin to sie, and kept on uncam plainingly by his side. And so it came aoout that the workhouse. or as the people called it, "the Union " -as the place to which he made his way. He had some difficulty in getting a hearing here, but he succeeded at length. Had a girl about eighteen called. a girl fair and patient looking, decently dressed. but evidently in sorrow ? No. such a one had not called. Was,. the man sure ? Yes. he was sure, for this reason. There was not a single soul in the vagrants' ward. and such as she would be put there, and with this answer the door was shut in his face. Amos hcaved a sigh of relief, as they °came away from the workhouse. He seemed glad that his girl was not there; u for Andrew. he was disappointe L "That knocks hope number one on the head." he said. ,' It wasn't no hope of mine," said Amos. ', No ?' '" No. I knawed the dear cheeld wudden't go there. Ded 'ee hear what '"a said? '* There's nobody in the vagrant' ward,' in maid would never bea vagrant. Why, she's my own maid's cheeld, and brought up to hate such things. Weth we down here. Maaster Andrew. people wud ruther lie in a pig's house than go in a vagrants' ward. No. no. the cheeld has got too much ov her owld granfer in her for that." Although Andrew had lived in the country for several months, he had not yet realized the innate respectability of the labouring people. True, when they got old they got perish pay, and it was ter- ible thing with them to take It, eM orse still when a few of them Isdto b Stianuatens ( the pate they wU all . But they were brought to a terrible ex tremity first. As for going tp the work house as vagrants, that was too terrible to be thought of. For a time the young man hesitated as to the next step to take. He would gladly have gone to some place to have rested, but the great sorrow on the old man's face forbade him any rest. In spite of his age, too, Amos seem endowed with new strength. He did not break down as Andrew thought he would. His sorrow made him strong. "Let us go on, MIsaeter Andrew," he said. " I'm 'fraid the poor maid es out in the could. And, aw my dear, she'll die ef she es." He seemed to have little idea as to where he was going. He trusted everything to Andrew, only the fact of his trying to find her seemed to ease his aching heart. And so Andrew went on with him, trying as he I did so to devise some plan of action. Presently he saw a policeman. He would ask him whether he could give him any information, but the man knew nothing. He had only been on duty a few f hours, and so knew nothing. Perhaps he l might learn something if he went to the police station; it lay on the outskirts of the town. And so they made their way to the police station, Andrew, stalwart and strong, Amos leaning on his arm, bravely f struggling by his side. ,o Andrew there was nothing suggestive of a police- station in this quiet little build ing. Usually there was but little occasion I for the police. The chief occupants of the r little place were either poor fellows over- I come by drink, or perchance some one I brought up for petty thefts. I lie found a sergeant of the police, how- t ever, and put some questions to him. But he soon found that great intelligence was by no means characteristic of a country t policeman. He was quite free about giving the date when he got his stripes, but could give ro information that would help the two tired wayfarers. They were just on r the point of coming away when a man, a constable, entered. "Es et a nice, clain-looking maid you do main ?" he asked, on hearing Andrew's qluery. " Yes." " Well, Bill Blewitt was spaking 'bout one when we mit to-night." "How ? Tell me." "Well, Hill Blewitt es the pleeceman over St. Judy. lie's the biggest man in the division. He do stand six foot fewer in hes stockin's, and can hould up two t fifty-sixes, one in aich 'and and as aisy as t winkin, he can. Well, he said that he seed a maid going on by 'erself, 'bout 'leven o'clock on the way to St. Linkin. t lie spoke to 'er, Bill Blewitt ded, but she wudden say nothin'. Bill was goin' to( take 'er up as a vagrant, 'ee was, but she tould he she was goin' to some friends." "On the way to St. Linkin--do you known where that is, Amos ?' " Iss. iss," answered the old man tremu lously, " come on, come on." "Did she tell ltlewitt nothing but this i" said Andrew, turning to the police man again. " Nothin' else, nothin' t'oaL Bill Blewitt es a good-natured chap. He wudd'n 'urt a worm, he wudd'n. Some policemen wud 'a her happrehended I speck." " Come on, -Maaster Andrew; my dear, come on.,' murmured the old man. " Does she know any one that way ?" " No, no, nobody." " Do you think you can go any farther yet? Are you strong enough ?" "Go firder! Strong enough! Why, the dear (heell es out in the could, and she do think that she edn't welcome at 'ome. Come on, she may be dyin'. Bless 'er dear heart. Come on, Maaster Andrew, and may the Loard help me." "Hive you anything to eat here ?" said Andrew, turning to the sergeant. "Can you sell me something to strengthen the old man ? ' "I c ian't ait nothin'," murmured Amos. "A cup of tay ?' replied the sergeant. " 1 can give un that and welcome, besides a snack or bread and butter." " Give it to him," said Andrew; "and you, Amos, you must have it." Ho looked beseechingly into Andrew's eyes, but took it like a child, and after a few seconds drank with evident relish. By this time it was nearly five o'clock, and in a little while morning would dawn. Andrew watched Amos, and noted, with satisfaction, that his head began to droop and his eyes to close. A few seconds later he was sleeping soundly. " It will do him good," said Andrew to the sergeant. " I will let him sleep till seven o'clock; by that timehe will be more ready for his journey." Before seven o'clock, however, Amos awoke, and almost angrily asked Andrew why he had let him sleep, when his poor maid might be perishing; but Andrew re ceived the poor man's rebuke quietly, and soon after the two went out of the little town together. " We m goin' to find her to-day," the old m.n said. " \Why do you think ro ?" " I doan't know, 'cipt that somethin' tells me so. I feel it. Either livin' or dead, we shall find her." " God grant that she may be alive." "Amen," said Amos, the tears trickling down his cheek. They found very little encouragement on their way, however. No one that they met had seen her, and Andrew began to fear Policeman Blewitt's story was false, when they entered the little village of St. Linkin. At house after house they in quired whether a young girl had been seen there about midntght, butno one answered in the affirmative. They were all in bed at that time, they said. "Does any one in the village sit up late?'" sasked Andrew. Any one who might have a light in the window ?" "Nobody but Betsy Flew." " Who is she ?" " Well," said the woman of whom the question was asked, "she's mazed, some do zay, and some do ray that she's awitch. But she's a splendid doctor, she is. Why, ther's Tom Crawl's cheeld. Doctor Lowrie from St. Lerrick, did give 'er up, but th' oull Betay cured 'er. People do zay that the cheeld wur ill-wished, and that she charmed it away. " Is shean evil woman then ?" "No, she's quiet enough, ounly she've got funny ways. Sometimes she do stay up oal night, she do. Th' oull people do zay 'tes to make hell broth, and work charms, but the young people do laugh at it. Scem to me the Board School be maken 'em give up oal they things. But th'oull atlsey es a cure, she'd knsaw every thing, and nobody docome threw Sn Linkin without she seein" 'em. Some do zay that she caan't never slaip." Amos groaned. The old man was among those who had not shaken himself fre" from superstition. "Th' oull Bill Liddicoat do zay she've sould herself to th'oull Scratch, and ee tryin' to bait un when he do come for her." This she said in a whisper. Andre; dragrsged Amos on. He easily found old Betsy's cottage--a low. mud walled. thatched tenement. They found the old w, man crooning over a peat fire. St. Linki.1 was near a piece of common land, where peat could be had in abund ance, hence they were better off than the inhabitants of St. Neost. Andrew asked the old dame if she had seen a young girl resembling Kitty, and soon saw that he had not asked in vain. • Iss'" the old woman said. " l,wur lookin' out laast night, when I heerd sun body comin'. It was a poor maid. She wur cryin', and axed if I could leave her ship 'ere. I seed she was in trouble, and I laived 'er. Poor cheeld! I've got a grandcheeld 'bout her age. She went away 'bout eight o'clock." "Did she say where she was going P' "I could'n git nothin' out ov her. But she do want friends, and that right bad." " I'm 'er granter," said old Amos, tremu lously. " We'em goin' to find 'er; which we ed she go ?" On towards 8n Whife. P'rsap she L ' git in the Unm thlr Poor maid!" Evidently the old crony hadn't a bad heart, and both Andrew and Amos were relieved to know that the poor girl had not been out in the cold all the night. Andrew gave the old woman a couple of shillings, and the two trudged on again. For a time the young man was in hopes that they would soon overtake her, but to wards noon old Amos' strength began to give way. The abnormal energy which for a time had made him overcome his natural weakness had spent itself, and now he was fast becoming incapable of walking. But he would not yield, and although he clung eagerly, and leaned heavily on his companion's arm, he struggled on by his side. Houses were scarce here, and there was no place of re freshment for miles, and Andrew despaired of getting Amos on, when they saw a farm house not far from the road. Here they got some dinner, and again the old man became eager for his journey. '" Let me try and hire a horse and trap," said Andrew, but to this Amos would not agree. "It would only hinder the search," he said, and so the young man had still to support the old one. Just after noon snow began to fall; An drew feared greatly its consequences at first, but it proved to be only a shower, and did not much hinder their progress. They found out little to help them about Kitty, however. One manhad seen a young woman answering to her description, and he wasn't very sure. Andrew had grave doubts about finding her, while old amos" lips often became tremulous, and his eyes had a despairing look. Presently the light began.to wane. They had walked the last three miles without seeing a single person of whom an inquiry could be made. They were five miles from St. Whiffin, there was no chance of getting a conveyance, while smos was quite exhausted. " We'll have to give it up for to-night, Amos." said Andrew. but the old man said nothing. he was looking steadily on the ground. " I think we must try and get a bed at a farmhouse somewhere," but Amos did not speak. ' What do you see ?" asked Andrew. For reply Amos pointed to the ground. while tears of joy lri:kled down his'face. CHAPTER XXIIT. WHiRE THEIY FOUND HER. Together they knelt.. . " And sobbed out the prayer which the Divine tenderness uttered for us, and which has been echoed for twenty ages since by mil lions of sinful and humbled men. And as he spoke the last words of the supplica tion, the mother's head fell down on her boy's, and her arms closed round him, and together they repeated the words, ' For ever, and ever,' and ' Amen.' " -TIIACK ERAY. At first Andrew could not understand what the old man meant, but presently he saw a footprint in the snow. "It's her's!" cried Amos; "she had they shoes mended jist afore Christmas, I knaw the clout at the toe." '" Let us follow quickly then, for light will soon be gone." They crept slowly on, carefully keeping by the foot-marks, but presently had to stop, they had become so indistinct. For a few seconds Andrew left Amos alone, and walked on by himself, watching care fully all the way. When he came back he said: " Something his happened, Amos. She has not gone towards St. Whiflle any further; at any rate, there are no marks." But Amos did not answer. His head was bent close to the ground, as if he still saw something. " She's gone up this lane, Maaster An drew,,' he said slowly. " My eyes be sharper'n yours. Come on." Andrew looked and found that the old man was correct. The footsteps bore to wards a lane which evidently led to some farm or milL He opened the gate and the two passed in together. The snow was ' deeper here, being undisturbed by the wind, thus the tracks were far more clear. It was well it was so, too, for the light was failing fast, and before them was a wood through which the road led " What induced her to come in here, I wonder?" thought Andrew aloud. "She knawd she cudden git to Sn Whiffle to-night," said Amos. " and she seed a house, I 'pect. Poor deear maid. I hope we'm in time, Mlaaster Andrew." The weed proved to oe one of stubbly undergrowth, with here and there a tall tree, but the road was good, and the foot m irks tolerably plain The wood was perhaps a quarter of a mile long at this point, and before they came to the end daylight had gone. Still they did not fear. There was no reason why she should turn aside from the road, and although they could not trace her, they had no doubt that she had gone to some house to which the road led. When they got to the end of the wood Andrew struck a match and searched for footprints, but could see none. They walked on a few yards and looked again, but in vain. "Andrew, MIanster Andrew," said Ames tremulously, " surely nothin' didn' 'appen to 'er in the 'ood ?" Andrew was silent. " Tedn' no use goun' on ef we caan't zee the dear maid's tracks," continued the old man. " Listen." They could hear nothing. "I thought I heard a moan," said An drew, "hark-there it is again !" " Es et the pore maid dyin', I wonder " said Amos with quavering voice. " It comes from the valley," said An drew, "perhaps it's not she. May be it's only some cattle in a shed." "Lev us go and see," said Amos eagerly. " Yes, there it is again," said Andrew, "come on." He jumped over the fence as he spoke, and found his way across a meadow, when he stopped and looked around him. Yes, close by him was a shed, evidently used as a sort of cattle house. It was in a sheltered place, too, and evidently in tended for a kind of refuge in hard weather. He made his way towards it, hearing another moan as he did so. He was not long in reaching the house, and on entering spoke in a whisper. "Is any one here ?" he asked. There was no answer, but he thought he heard a movement among the straw. " Kitty, is that you 1" The only reply was a smothered sob, "Tell me, Kitty, is that you ?" he re peated. "I am Andrew Fairfax. You know me." Still no reply, save a trembling noise amidst the straw. Andrew struck another match, and in its light saw the prostrate form of a woman. He held it close. Yes, it was Kitty's face. She had dragged herself here-perhaps to die. " Kitty, my girl,"said Andrew, " Kitty." "Graafer doan't knaw, do'a. Doan't tell granfer." "Why ?'" "I've disgraced un. He'll never hould up hes 'ead again. Idedn' want-I cudden bair to see the look of pain on hes face, so -I-I come away. He woan't mind now I'm gone." "Your grandfather is longing to see you home. His heart is breaking to see you." The light went out. "Doan't hght no more matches. People might find out. There's a mill jista little way up. You bean't tellin' me the truth. He must hate me, l'm sure." "He loves you more than ever. ITe wants you to come home. Your grand mother, too, is breaking her heart because you've gone away. Come home. All will be well." "I darn't. You don't know. I-I-" " Come home, Kitty." "No, no. I" " Kitty, my dalin'," said Amos, "es et you, my little maid P "W lo's thM ' "'Tee yer lovin' ould granfer, my deer. Doan't mind nothin', my little maid. Lev 1 everybody and everything do their worst. I doan't mind now I've found 'ee." " But, granfer, I've disgraced 'ee, I've -that is, I left home, granfer-" "Never mind, my little maid, come 'ome. Thy ould granny hey got the little room you've allays slaiped in oal tidy and spruce." " I mained to make et oal right. I thot I that he-he wud-take me to church-he said he wud, but-" " Never mind, my bootiful little maid," murmured the old man; "come 'ome to I thy ould granny." The girl rose from the hay, and laid her face on his withered cheek. "I come away to die, she said, "I thought, I hoped I shud. 'Twas terrible wisht lyin' oal 'lone, but I dedn' want for anybody-to--" "Never mind, my darlin', come 'ome wi' me. Here's Maaster Andrew,-" he looked around the shed, as if expecting to see the young man. But he was gone. With rapid steps, he had founa his way towards the mill, leaving them alone. " I wadn' 'fraid to die," she went on- " at least not after a bit-I thought at first that everything wus black, an' it seemed as ef there wus some evil things I round me, but it oal went after a bit, and t I wadn' 'fraid. But, granfer, I seem so far from home." " Can 'ee walk, my bootiful ?" asked the old man, tenderly. "Andrew '11 hould'ee one side, and yer ould granfer the other. We cud nearly car 'ee " "Not far, grenfer. I cudden walk far." r "What shall us do?" moaned the old l man. " Where's Maaster Andrew, I wonder ? urely 'ee edn' gone fur!" E i" 'm cold, granfer, very ccld. Do 'ee think I shall die, granfer? I doan't mind. He doan't love me no longer, an'-." The girl hid her face in her grandfather's shoulder again. "Hark !" cried Amoa, "there's some body a-comin'." "This way, here," he heard some one say. " That's Maaster Andrew's voice," cried the old man. " I wonder now-I wondea now-ef-" c Andrew came up panting. " The mill is close by," he said. " They a are kind people, there. Kitty can stay there if she will. Or they will lend us a covered spring cart." "Thank the Loard," said Amos, fer vently. " What will 'ee do, my darlin' ?" " Granfer, do'ee forgive me me ?" cried the E girl, tremulously. Y Forgive 'ee, my bootiful maid !" mur- t mured the old man. " Bless the Loard, He've took away every bit of 'ardness out or my heart." " You doan't mind ?" "I doan't mind nothin,' ef I can 'ave 'ee sasfe, my darlin'. We'll manage, never fear." I " Then, granfer, I'd rather go 'ome- - and-die there," said the poor girl. " Bless the Loard." cried the old man, almost joyfully; "but c in 'ee bear the journey, my little maid ?" " I can bear anything now, granfer." Andrew rushed away again, and a few r minutes later they heard the sound of t horses' hoofs and of wheels. They mode the miller's covered cart comfortable and warm. Andrew borrowed bed-clothes and pillows, and in a few minutes the poor girl was seated therein, with her head leaning against her grand father's shoulder. t " I knawed 1 shuld find 'er," exclaimed the old man. joyfully; "I tould 'ee so, 11 Maaster Andrew. You wudden 'ave found n her but for me. Bless the Loard for His it goodness, I've got 'er safe. An' you, a Maasttr Andrew, aye, my deear booy, the Loard '11 reward 'ee." They started the iourney home. Andrew s seated on the seat outside with the miller. n while Amos and Kitty were within away n from the wind and cold. For a time they v rode on in silence, the miller evidently de siring to say something. He hitched and twisted about a good deal. as if in pain to I bring forth the thoughts in his mind. ""'Lations of yours ?" he said at length. jerking his head towards Amos and Kitty. \- No." replied Andrew. d " The maid yer sweetheart. I spoase ?" " No." I • Ah-but-but you be a town's chap. b bean't'ee ? SYes." d "Ah." and he looked at Andrew sus- a piciously, and was silent for five minutes. g Then he said " I had a token." f " A token ?" •" le. a token. I wadn' for takin' no noatice. but Jinnifer would. She wud 'ave it that somebody was a-goin to die. 'Tes explained now." " How ?'" "Tokens allays come when snmmin es e going to 'appen. A bird flattered three s times 'gainst our winder least night, so I knaw'd summin was comin'. 'les this maid. She'll die." " Hush, they'll hear you." " All right. but perhaps she wean't. It may not be a grey dove that fluttered 'ginst the winder." " What do you mean ?" "Well, when a grey dove do come. and flutter, it do main a token of death, while if 'tes a spicketty (epotted) dove. it may main other things, sich as a fortin'. or a cow. or- well, lots o' things. A spicketty dove comed to my winder the night afore I wur married, and again afore our Hoses wur born. he did, as sure as I'm called Zacky Cowlin'." It was a weary journey to St. Neot, to Andrew a painful one. for often he heard Kitty sobbing and Amos trying to comfort her. but the miller kept on talking through it all, evidently desirous to im prove Andrew's education. At St. Lerrick Andrew left the cart, and called at the doctor's house, after which he walked beside the cart. for hewas cramped and cold. He would have gone on ahead. for he could go faster than the ambling horse, but he wanted to be near. lest Kitty should need help that Amos could not give her. When they arrived at St. Neot village,. however, and seeing that Kitty seemed all right, he ran towards old Amos' "ottage, in order to prepare for their coming. By this time it was broad daylight, in deed, far into the forenoon, but they were not noticed, for which the young man was glad. He found poor old Sally sitting be fore the fire, rocking to and fro. Two nights had her husband been away from her, and she knew not where he was, and this, added to her anxiety about Kitty, had completely crushed her. 8he looked up at Andrew's entrance with a look of beseeching in her eyes. "Maaster Andrew ?" she said. "It's all well." "Kitty ?" "' Both Amos and Kitty will soon be here." "Praise the Loard for oal His marcies," she cried, the tears trickling down her cheeks. A few minutes later the cart drew upin front of the cottage. CHAPTER XXIV. MAN AND WIFE. " So long Thy power hath blessed me, sure it still Will lead me on, O'er moor and fen, o'er crag and torrent, till The night is gone. Then with the morn those angel voices smile Which I have loved long since, and lost awhile. -NaWaMAN, Andrew did not remain at the cottage after Kitty was taken indoors, but instead hurried back to St. Neot. He found that Miss Lezant had been true to her word. The villagers all rejoiced at having nece. sar food, while work had been found for the most necessitous until they could re turn to their ordinary avocations. He was greatly rejoiced that this was the case, for he felt himself unable to do any more. It was now three days since he had had any proper rest, so finding his way to his lodgings, he threw himself on his bed in order to get some sorely-needed rest. When he awoke he heard some one knocking at his bedroom door. He found that it was broad daylight too, and for a time he could hardly realise his where abouts. " Mr Fairfax, Mr Fairfax," said his landlady. " Yes, all-right. Have I slept long ?" "Ever since yesterday noon." "Anything the matter ?" "Amos Crews wants you." " Atpos; oh, all right. I'll be down soon." He hurried downstairs, and found the old man waiting anxiously. " Will 'ee come up to our 'ouse, Mlaaster ] Andrew F" he said, tremulously. "Anything the matter P' "The deear maid do want to see 'ee, 1 surr." Andrew quickly ate the breakfast that was prepared for him, and went on by Amos' side. The old man did not speak, but he looked in the direction of his cot tage, and there was a dreamy far'away expression in his eyes. " Is Kitty well enough to seeme ?" asked Andrew. as they came up to the cottage. "She's waitin' for 'ee, sur, waitin' for 'ee." Silently Andrew followed him into the room where the young girl lay. She looked very pale, very fragile. " You wanted to see me, Kitty," he said, gently. " I'm goin' to die, Maaster Fairfax. I'm goin' to die.' " Don't say that," replied the young man. She shook her head. "I know," she said, " I know. Do you think I would have asked you here else ?" and a flush came on her pale cheek. " But I'm not afraid to die, no, not a bit." "Bless the Loard," said Amos, fer vently, "she's one of the Loard's dear children, for oal the world may say. I tell 'ee the golden gates of 'eaven will be opened wide for she." " I believe they will," replied Andrew. " I've no fear," said the girl, "no fear. At first I thought there could be no hope for such as me, and then I seemed to see Jesus speakin' to Stary. And I seemed to hear Him say, ' Yer granfer haveforgiven t you. and I love you a thousand times more than he. I came to die for you.' I've had no fear since, for I seem as though I've been restin' with Him." Feor a minute there was a silence, then she went on : "But--but--I want to be his-his wife aftre I go. I've no name, you know, and I want to be called Kitty Cundy afore I go," and she looked up into his eyes with a beseeching look. Andrew saw what she meant. " If it can be, it shall be," he said. He went away without a word more, and hurried across the field towards Tre vadlock. He was not long in finding the young farmer, and without hesitation he told his story. "You main that I must marry her?" said young Sim. "Just that." " But what will Miss Martin say ?" " Cundy," said Andrew, " you must do this. You've killed her, killed her as surely as if you had stabbed her to the heart with a knife, and now you shall make what reparation you can. The girl is your wife in reality, you must make her so in the eyes of the law." For the first time he seemed to realise what he had dore. Hitherto, he" had seemed only afraid of consequences, caring nothing for the sin itself; now. for a minute, he seemed to see himself as he was. " She loves you," went on Andrew, "she was ready to sacrifice everything for you. Be a man, Cundy; do what you can now." "Is it possible?" he said at length. " Can we be married out ov church ?" "I will arrange everything," said An drew, "if you will be a man." For a minute the young farmer stood as if a fighting with a great temptation, then he a burst out passionately : "No, by heavens; you shall not do it. I'll doit. I only love she-my Kitty. I'll go and spaik to the passen, and everything. Come weth me--come !" There was a new light in the young farmer's eyes, as he took hold of Andrew's I arm. " Where are you going ?" asked An- r drew. " Goin' to Kitty." He spoke no other word till they reached I the cottage, where they met Amon. The old man's eyes flashed dangerously as he saw his grandchild's destroyer. "What do 'ee want here ?" he asked. "I want Kitty, I want to see my wife." For a minute the old man seemed stanned, then he led the way to Kitty's room. The two entered togethtr, and Kitty looked up with joy in her eyes. " Leave us alone," he said to Amon. "I want to be with my wife." There was new strength, new power in his voice. and wonderingly Amos obeyed. "Have you left them alone together P" asked Andrew. "Yes, and 'ere's mother, she'l come away too," and Amos turned towfa.'ds his wife. In about a quarter of an hour young Sim came back. "Come with me," he said to Andrew, 'and see that I do the right thing. I hate you, you've made me seem like a devil. hut never mind. I can be a man as well as you. Kitty's my wife. do you hear ? Tell everybody that I said so. My wife! I'm goin' to the passen now. I want to ar range everything so that he can come and marry us. Do you see ? I want to make haste ! Kitty may-may - come on, quick I" The two hurried to the rectory, and were soon closeted with the clergyman. Young Simn told his story, told it as though he were anxious that all evil should be laid en him. " I want 'ee to marry us,Passen Child;." he said; " she es my wife, but I want oal the world to knaw it." The clergyman spoke of the irregularity of the proceeding. "That's nothing to me. This Fairfax says it can be done. You must come and do it. Do you hear ? I'm going to make every arrangement, and as soon as pos sible I'll let 'ee knaw." Two days after there was a curious gathering at old Amos' cottage. Kitty was still alive, but her face was flushed and her eyes flashed strangely. Parson Childs was there too, and Andrew. and young Sim. and the doctor. " Is all ready and right ?" said the young farmer to the clergyman. " Yes, yea, I believe that--" "That'l do. Now, Fairfax, you shall see that I'm a man as good as you. 1 love Kitty; she's my wife. I'm going to make her so by law. Passen. are you ready F" They entered the bedroom. Kitty lay panting on the scanty pillows, with a bright look in her eyes. She watched Sim's face with an anxious ex pression, and then, when he came to her side, she took his hand and caressed it fondly. They arranged themselves around the bed, while the clergyman opened his book. "Granfer, granny," said Kitty, " I should like to have the-the sacrament before I-" " Have you bread and wine ?" said the clergyman; " if so, it can be administered at once." " Maaster Andrew brought some wine laaast night," said the old woman with I quivering voice, while Sim looked angrily Sat Andrew, as though he loathed the thought of his doing anything which he himself ought to have done. The wine was brought into the room, and poured into a cup. " If there were time, we might havebad the sacrament cup from the church," said the clergyman, as he prepared to ad minister the sacred rite. "Let granfer give it me," said Kitty, tremulously. "It would seem better from him." The clergyman looked indignant, and seemed about to speak, but one look at old Amos' face checked him. There was the look of an inspired prophet in his eyes, and heelless of the rector's presence, he fell on his knees. " Let us pray," he said. There was a wondrous power in his voice, as though One mightier than he spoke through him, and in spite of every thing the old priest knelt with the rest. "Dear Loard," said Amos, in faltering accents, " Thou knowest that one of Thy little children hey come back to Thy great heart. The doctor do say that we caan't keep her here, Loard, and so we come to Thee in this way. Thou didst come among as to tell us of Thy love, and to show us the way of life, and now we commemorate Thy dyin' love. Thou art very near to us, Loard. We feel Thee, and so we know that this sacrament will be very precious to our souls. Save us all from sin-help us to forgive-even our enemies. Ay, they who've wronged us, as Thou knowest, Loard, I do, and Loard Jesus help us to say, Thy will be done." They rose from their knees, and then Amos, with trembling limbs, but rever ently, partook of the bread and the wine, and gave to the dying girl. " I know the dear Loard do forgive me," she said, "for I love Him so, and I have such peace at my heart." Several times the rector seemed about to protest, but was unable. A hallowed presence pervaded the room. A Power was there "hich forbade priestly assump tion and bigotry. They seemed to be all led to the heart of things, and saw that re ligion was of the Spirit and not of form. A' And now," said Amos, " will you do your work, Maaster Childs ? The rector opened his book again while young Sim took hold of Kitty's hand. Solemnly the old clergyman read the service, firmly and steadily did young Sim make his responses. while quietly but clearly did Kitty say the words that made her his in the eyes of the law. " Simeon Cundy, wilt thou have this woman to be thy lawful wedded wife ?" "I will." " Kitty Crews, wilt thou have this man to be thy lawful wedded husband? . ' I will." Young Sim placed the ring on her finger, while a wan smile crept over her face. . In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. I pronounce you man and wife; ~ hom God hath joined together let no man put asunder." " Parson, are we married now, are we ? " In the eyes of God, yes; but you must sign the-" " Bring them here, quick." The books were brought, and each signed, Kitty writing her name clearly and legibly. • Are we married now ?" asked the young farmer again. " Yes." " In the eyes of the law ?' "In the eyes of the law." " Do you hear that, Kitty? You are mine in the eyes of the law." She looked np at him with a glad smile. M' y husband." she said, softly. She lay back on the pillows, while a great change came over her. A film crept over her eyes. " Help," cried Sim, "her hands be gittin' cold." The doctor came near, and shook his head. " She is going fast." he said; " the un natural strength which she possessed is gone, and now she will go out like a spark." "' She mustn't," cried the young farmer "She's my wife. do you hear. my wife! Look up. Kitty, my darlin'; speak to me. You are my wife. You are Kitty Cundy.' But Kitty spoke not. while her eyes closed. All stood silently around by the bed side and .vatched the dying girl. Pre sently she looked up again, while her hands pressed those of her husband. "' Will you kneel and say ' Or Father" with me ?" shL said to Sim. The young farmer knelt down, sobbing like a child. " I always loved you, Kitty," he mur mured, " only you." She did not reply save by a wan smile, and then began the Lord's Prayer Word by word they repeated it together until they came to the words. "As we for give them that trespass against us," then she stpped. c" Whom God bhath joined tooether let no man put asunder," she murmured. "And we are-?' Man and wife," said Sim, huskily. "For ever and ever ?" she murmured. " For ever and ever, so help me. God." Her mouth moved as if she said Amen. but they heard no words. For a minute they thought she had gone but the life was not yet extinct. The lips still quivered. the breath still came. After a few seconds she looked up with a glad look in her eyes. '" Yeu are not disgraced." she said, look ing towards her grandparents, "I am his wife." Tears trickled down their wrinkled faces while Sim said, huskily " Yes, my God, my wife." "For ever and ever." she murmured, as if in a dream; then a shiver passed thlough her frame-and they knew that all was over. Old Amos looked at the sweet placid face, and lifted his eyes upward. ' L'rd, now lettest thou Thy servant depart in peace, for mine eyes have seen T'hy salvation," he said, solemnly, when one by one they left the room. leaving the man and wife together. (To be conlinued.) First Dramatic Reporter-"Say, did you hear that sensation about lime. Prima. donna's diamonds l" Second Reporter "*What ! Are they stolen again '" First ReForter-" No; they're real." She--"There is a wonderful fascination shabout the stars; don't you think so 1" lIe "Indeed there is." She-" I've forgotten most of my astronomy. though. That. I be lievc, is Venus; but which is Adonis " Whenever the piano ceased There was a great furore, And those who understand it least Were loudest to encore. Mr Wickwire-" What is that woman acro's the way trying to sing '?" Mrs Wick. wire-"' My1 Sweetheart's the Man in the Moon.' " M1r Wickwire'-" Well, if he don't hear her, it isn't her fault." Mrs Fadge-"Oh, yes, you laugh at women as shoppers; but I'll bet, if I bought your cigars, your smoking bill would be a good deal smaller than it is now." Mr Fudge -~" haven't the least doubt of it." D3ra-"' Is that new waist you are having made a creat!onof your own?' Corn-" Yes. I am going to call it the new nary design." Dora-" What for 1" Cora-" Because I expect it to be so well armed." "So you say Professor Gufinus expressed a great deal of interest in me," said Miss Passaeigh. with a little flutter, " He seems like a very distinguished man." "Yes," re plied Mliss Cuttings, "he is a celebrated antiquarian." "If I had an "ad" at the top of that column," murmured the advertising agent to bhirself as he gazed admiringly at the Mlonu ment,' I wouldn't care whether it was next to pure reading matter or not." Lady (examining written character of applicant for situation as cook)-" Blt this is not at all satisfactory as to your cooking Icapacity. Can you cook f" Cook-" Well, ma'am, it that paper dun't satisfy you on I that point, ask my policeman," 