The Abdertiser FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1893. The Sydney baby-farming farming case shows among other things how quickly one sensation is displaced by another. At the time when the disclosures of what ap- peared to be wholesale infanticide were; made a thrill of horror ran through the entire community. A coroner's enquiry was conducted and a verdict pronounced against the accused persons, who were thereupon committed for trial. That ac* was ended and the matter almost imme" diately dropped out of the public mind. Perhaps it would be more correct to say that it was crowded out by the occur rence of other events that rivalled it in their startling effects. It is only necessary to cast a cursory glance over the brief interval which Ha 6 eLipsed in order to see how tragedy has succeeded tragedy, now in one place and then in another, co that every week and almost every day has had its fresh and absorbing sensation. In Victoria mysterious and undiscovered crimes have roused public curiosity and strained all the observing faculties to their utmost tension. The mystery of the severed limbs of a human body that suggested a ghastly butchery has never yet been cleared up. The story told by certain boys about anunknownmandeliberately drown ing an unknown woman by holding her under water is not known for certain to be either fiction or fact. In this colony the Hyde Park case of suicide and attempted murder is only one of several tragic incidents, including the wife murder and suicide of Gin Gar, which for the time being engrossed general atten tion. West Australia has contributed its share to the long procession of gruesome narratives, and there is hardly one of them more pitiable and painful than that of the father who shot two of his own daughters and then put an end to the life he had forfeited to the law. The cases that have been referred to are but a few of those in which mad passion, unreasoning jealousy, and the indulgence of vicious propensities have impelled to the perpetration of fearful crimes. The student of human nature who takes note of their constant recurrence and allows the impression they are likely to make to sink deeply into his mind may be excused if he becomes melancholy and pessimistic. Such inci dents reveal both the worst and weakest side of humanity and convey humiliating suggestions as to its possibilities of evil. The brutality of which men are capable when their meaner instincts are allowed to rule or their animal propensities gain the upper hand, is almost enough to destroy hope of the future of the race and to substitute for it a feeling of despair. The Makin case is one of thoee in which the dominant motive was cupidity. There is no reason to suppose that either the husband or wife was especially merciless or cruel to begin with. They had brought up a family of their own and, as it would seem, with a fair amount of success. The repeated scenes that took place daring the earlier stages of the enquiry tended to show that there was no lack of natural affection between the parents and their own children. The girls knew nothing of the manner in which the infants they were accustomed to see about the house were disposed of. So much of better feeling was left to the heads of the family as to induce them to keep their operations secret, and that probably arose quite as much from some lingering Bense of shame as from a fear lest they should jeopardise their personal safety. The hysterical outbursts which took place when one condemning piece of evidence after another was produced opened the eyes of the young people to the kind of traffic which had been going on in their own home, and the wild reproaches of the mother against one of her children whose testimony told against her, all con veyed the same impression. The par ticular fiend that succeeded in corrupt ing people who had previously borne a good name was the demon of avarice. The remark made by Makin himself that there was a good thing to be made out of babies indicated at what point the down ward tendency began. It was seen to be a lucrative profession to adopt infants that were both a shame and a burden to their parents, and then to get rid of the cost of keeping them alive. The profit to be made was not to be despised, and then it was made so easily. Nether violence nor any thing of the kind was required. All that had to be done was to withhold the means for keeping the tiny lamp of life alight, and then it would go out of itself. The rest was just as simple, and was guided by the same principles. Why acknowledge that a death had had taken place, and set the meddlesome police making impertinent enquiries} Why go to unnecessary trouble when one effect would probably b* to advertise that it was not quite safe to entrust children to their care, and so ruin the " busi ness?" And why go to the expense of a coffin and a hearse when an hour' 6 work with pick and spade would be so much cheaper 1 It is easy to imagine the man and woman secretly debating these questions alone and in the dead of night when they had the first corpse on their hands. The conclusion they then came to guided their future conduct. Such questions are usually settled once for aIL They do not bear taH-ing about even by case-hardened criminals. The ghosts of the innocent little ones, however, seem to hare haunted the places where their bodies were laid in unhallowed graves. To escape from them as well as from troublesome questioning there was repeated "flitting" from one home to another. As a rule a fresh burying ground was opened in the new locality, till at least fifteen bodies had thus been put away. That number has been unearthed by following on the track of the Makin's wanderings and there is no certainty that the tale is complete even now. The finding of the jury evidently in dicates that in their judgment the male prisoner was the more guilty of the two. It is not easy to understand how this con clusion was arrived at, for if the charge is proved that murder was done it follows as a logical certainty that the woman must have had a hand in it. The infants wereunder her care and in an especial sense her charge. The only ground on which such a convicted criminal can be recom mended to mercy is that she acted under some degree of coercion, and there is little to support that theory unless it be her violent outbursts of grief and invec tives against her daughter. The reserva tion of certain legal points for the consideration of the Full Court leaves it still an open question whether the extreme penalty of the law will be inflicted, while at the same time it does not in any sense clear the accused. If the decision of the presiding judge as to the admissibility of certain evidence be upheld there will be no need of any further investigation, but if not the entire case may have to be gone over again with reference to some other of the Makin's victims. As the matter stands now the difficulty of sheeting home certain classes of crimes receives forcible illustration. It will be remem bered that the original discovery of a dead body was due to the merest acci dent. The Makins had removed from the place and deemed their guilty secret perfectly secure when the opening of a drain gave the first hint of crime. The deed had been committed months before, and the clue to its perpetrators was of the weakest. It was in following it up that the whole ghastly story was un ravelled which has shed such lurid light on one phase of city life, and one cause of infantile mortality. While it is only right for accused persons to have, every chance of establishing their innocence, the conscience and the common-sense of the community will be outraged should the ends of justice be defeated after all by a technical quibble. Conccerektly with the autumnal revival of racing in Australia, and while the names of Camoola, Portsea, and other old or new heroes of the turf are again eagerly discussed, there comes from England continued bad news of the state of the racing world there. An innocent traveller by railway was recently unfor tunate enough to arrive at a place where a pony race meeting was just over. Six teen patrons of the so-called "sport" crowded into his compartment at once, and such was their eagerness to {exploit their unexpected victim that he was actually "gone over," or, in plain English, robbed of every article of value that he had about him, before the train could start. He managed to extricate himself, and made complaint to the station-master, who offered to remove any of the party who might be definitely re cognised as guilty of assault, but not the whole sixteen. The unhappy traveller however, had been handled with such roughness and such celerity that he was unable to identify any particular as sailant, and the train proceeded with the just and the unjust alike. Ultimately three of the roughs were satisfactorily dealt with in the police court. The traveller, however, failed to get satisfac tion from the railway company for the £89 taken from him in the scuffle, it being laid down by th« judges that a com pany is not responsible for the acts of its passengers, or, in other words, that it does not guarantee a peaceful member of tile travelling public against over-crowding and robbery with violence. But one of the chief features of interest in the case is the general recognition by press and public that there is at every race meeting a dangerous element, contact with which implies immediate and extreme peril to any one worth robbing. In the same connection there has to be considered a recent suggestion for the registration of bookmakers, which ha* attracted much attention in England. The system works well enough in Aus tralia, the mere fact of registration con ferring a definite status, and being taken to some extent as a guarantee of straight forwardness, if not of financial stability. But the opposition in London to tiie pro posed scheme was strong, and at the head of it was an Australian bookmaker, who has made a name there by the magnitude of his operations. Considerable diffi culty eeems to have been felt with regard to the attitude of the Jockey Club. Tub autocratic body contains numerous legislators and one of her Majesty's judges, and is not likely to give direct sanction for the carrying on of a profession which the law still refuses to recognise. The real manning of the pro. posal was that the bookmakers Bhould voluntarily tax themselves to maintain a body of private police, who should keep the various betting-rings clear of the bad characters that infest them. The price of admission to these rings is very high, and it is plaintively argued that, once inside them, one ought to be able to feel secure. Outside them it seems to be ad mitted that a man displaying bank notes takes his personal safety in his own hands, white constant vigilance is necessary to protect a watch chain or even a railway ticket. And things are little better in the enclosures. "It is of course within the knowledge of every one accustomed to go racing," says the Fidd, "that known bad charactere pass in and out without let or hindraAte, and the only really select places are the county and dub stands." And again, " it is a perfectly well-known fact that, il it were really intended to keep out bad characters, it could be done, the majority of them being perfectly well known to the men on duty." Then follows the disquieting suggestion, to which we some time ago referred, that a minor official who should unexpectedly do his duty by rigorous supervision at the gate would incur ill feeling perfectly certain to develop on the first safe occasion into personal violence. From this his em ployers could hardly protect him perma nently, even if they should arouse from their present apathy. Thus the great men are supine and the small ones are terrorised, and the miserable state of things continues. These statements are now vouched for by the testimony of the men best qualified to give an opinion. The correspondence on the subject last year, under the alliterative title of "Racecourse i&uf; fianism," might have been worked up by newspapers at a dull season, or chiefly supported by the timid, the ultra-respect able, or those opposed to racing altogether. But when the leading book makers, in solemn conclave assembled, endorse the former plain speaking, add additional illustrations from their own experience, and ate almost (though not quite) persuaded themselves to con* tribute the cash required to inaugurate a better state of things, there can be nc room for doubt. Such men are not likely to be particular to a shade as to the personal character or behaviour of those with whom business brings them into contact, and when they unanimously pro test it is evident that the case has not been overstated. - At Epsom, they de clared, it was unsafe to leave the ring alone; at the metropolitan meetings any one producing money would be "shadowed for the remainder of the afternoon." In face of all these state ments it seems likely that something will at last be done. " That the matter should be allowed to drop is now out of all ques tion," a leading paper declares. Lord Durham, the most energetic member of the Jockey Club, has had the subject in view for some months past, and pressure will no doubt be brought to bear upon the owners, lessees, and managers of courses, since, in the opinion of the experts above referred to, there is very little distinction in the matter between the various racing fixtures. The ancient meetings held on heath ot common are fast dying out before the advance of gate-money racing in the neighborhood of the large towns. The public pays far more than ever before foi its amusement, and it has an indisputable right to protection. It is simply a mattex of getting sufficient police and paying foi them, and this will have to be regarded as an. initial expense of every race meet ing. Otherwise, just as the prize-ring collapsed under the fringe of black guardism with which it became bur dened, so will the English turf col lapse. No sport can afford to be perma nently identified with a displayJ ol niftitmJ?m, recognised yet unchecked. ' The Women's Christian Temperance Union opened its annual Convention at Brompton yesterday -with the customary enthusiasm. The evils of excessive in dulgence in intoxicating liquor have a peculiar concern for women, as their sex are often the greatest sufferers from the miseries they entaiL Any one reflecting on the domestic unhappiness flowing from drunkenness mu6t sympathise with the ladies who assembled yesterday to con sider the progress made, and the work yet to be done in furtherance of the crusade against intemperance. Nor will criticism be too exacting in distinguishing in the president's address between rhetoric and argument, or quarrel with a statement which would seem to imply that the prevalence of drunkenness in the community is greater than is the case. We do not know that South Australia would bear unfavorable comparison in this matter with other countries. That there is room for improvement is, how ever, certain, and the improvement will be hastened by the effort and influence of the ladies who are giving their attention to the movement. Many authorities after years of study have reached the conclusion that the vice of intemperance can only be properly eradicated by appeals to the moral nature, that specifics against alcoholism are a pure delusion. And it is on moral and religious grounds that the combat is being waged by the Women's Temperance Union with a result which appears to be decidedly encourag ing. The special aim is to get hold of young people and encoourage them to spend their time in some better place than the streets. For this purpose free reading-rooms have been opened in various districts, and others are pro jected. In this direction all will agree that excellent work is likely to be accomplished. Through the eye and ear the antidote may be administered for *hat was termed yesterday the " king of jK>isons" that finds its way into the mouth. One lady perhaps indulged an excessive optimism in the anticipation of a time when "public-houses would be turned into praying rooms on the Sabbath." It is no extravagance, however, to hope with another speaker that " large public-houses at street corners" may to a certain extent be re placed by temperance buildings in which young people may congregate. Such organisations as the Women's Temperance Union are doing a work of immense utility, and a great deal of their success lies in their thorough appreciation of the truth that recruits in the ranks of the temperance cause can scarcely be enlisted at too early an age. The Treasurer returned to Adelaide on Thursday morning. His visit to Melbourne was on private business. The agreement between the Government and the Militnff Irrigation Company is now in the hands of their solicitor, Mr. Henderson. The contract will probably be signed some day this week. An important departure in the construction of stock routes haa been made by the Govern ment, who have entered into a oontraot with Messrs. Daviea & Wylie to sink bores or oon- Btruot dams at distances of not less than 10 or more than 15 miles apart along a line stretch ing from Port Augusta to Euola. The work will be paid for by land grants at the rate o f 4,000 acres for each successful bore np to 1.000 ft, with an increase to 12,000 acres if the bore reaches 3,000 ft. The construction of the dams will be paid for in a similar way. For ten years tbe contractors will have to supply the public with water at rates to be fixed by the Government, after which their liability will lapse. The water supplies will remain the property of the contractors, and the land grants will be made as soon as each bore is com pleted. The oontraot is conditional on the approval of Parliament being obtained. At present the land to be opened up is almost unoccupied. The Stores Commission met at Parliament House on Thursday morning and made out its progress report on the matters whioh have co far been enquired into. The members will meat again next Wednesday to farther con sider their raport with all the evidence printed and before them. They will then probably ad journ until after the general elections, when the enquiry will be continued into Government stores and contracts, including the quality of Martin & Co.'s engines and Fuller & Co.'a con tract for the supply of water pipes. Mr. J. H. C. Langdan, city surveyor, left Adelaide on Thursday afternoon to attend Hie sittings of the electrical lighting oommittee, to be begun in Sydney on March 13. The meeting of the oommittee is the outcome of a resolution moved by the Hon. W. Copley at the Postal and Telegraphic Conference held at Hobart in 1892 to the effect—"That a oom mittee of experts be appointed to draft a re port upon the systems proposed for the erec tion of eleotrio light and power wires, and for the control of the same; also as to a system of underground wires." Mr. Todd, who has already left for Sydney, is the convener of the aommittea, which will subsequently report to the Postal Conference to be held in Brisbane this month. On Thursday the Inspector of Mines (Mr. J. V. Parkee) declared a portion of Mr. W. Hough's section at Eohunga open under the provisions of the Mining on Private Property Act. There were altogether 47 applicants, and this number, with the- exception of two, pegged out claims. Mr. Parkes will remain on the ground till Saturday. In view of the general elections, which are expected to be held early next month, the returning officers in the various constituencies throughout the province are busily engaged in purging the rolls of dead and departed voters, and the Government Gazette contains pages of names of persons the contrinnance of which on the rolls is objected to for various reasons. In East Adelaide, where the revision court is to be held on Saturday, March 18, 14 names are to be struck off by the retorning-omoer, while Mr. W. B. Carter has lodged objections to 394 ethers. At Port Adelaide, where the revision court is appointed for the same day, objeotion is taken to the retention of the names of 101 persons. In the districts of Flinders, Gumeraoha, Gladstone, Baroesa, Frome, New castle, Wooroora, and Victoria dates for revision courts are decided upon with equally short notice, but the electors affected in each instance are comparatively few. In West Adelaide, where the time for showing cause against the proposed excision is, for some unex plained reason, a week in excess of that allowed to voters on the other side of King William- Btreet,objectionsarelodgedin42linstanoes. Itis exceedingly unfair that persons entitled to the franchise should stand in jeopardy of having their names struck off the roll on such insuffi cient notice as is given by the publication of their names in the Gazette, which co very few of those likely to be interested have any oppor tunity of seeing. The tremendous expense to which the Government are put in printing long lists of names in the obscure periodical Darned is practically bo muoh money thrown away. The right to vote at parliamentary elections is too precious ? privilege to be lightly dealt with, md care should be exercised to ensure Draper publicity being given to those electors igainst whom objections are raised. In Victoria the columns of the daily press are utilised for this purpose, and there is no reason why a similar course should sot be followed here, except the mistaken parsimony of the authorities who, to save a few pounds, run the risk of doing a very grave injustice to hundreds of individuals. If a man is entitled to a vote he ought to be allowed to exercise it, and the Government are at least as much interested in (riving him an opportunity of proving his right to have hia name retained on one roll or transferred to another, as they are in wiping it off prematurely and in secret. The Gazette U admirably adapted for use as a burial ground for publio notices which it is desired that the public shall -not see, for its circulation is com paratively limited, while only a very small proportion of those to whom it is sent ever take the trouble even to open it and cut ite pages apart. In no colony in Australasia do the publis departments do less effective adver tising than in South Australia. Sir Samuel Davenport and Mr. J. Duncan, members of the South Australian oommittee appointed to arrange a collection of exhibits for display at the Imperial Institute, pre sented their first progress report to the Premier on Thursday morning. The report stated that the first shipment would be dis patched by the B MLS. Himalaya next week, and a farther consignment by the mail iteamer the week following. This will be the latest date for heavy goods to leave Adelaide in order to arrive in London in time for the opening of the Institute, whioh has been fixed for May 1L Exhibits are arriving daily at the office of the oommittee at the Eastern Annexe of the Exhibition Build, ings, where they are labelled for London. Some very fine photographs of publio buildings are being taken under the direction of Mr. C. B. Owen Smyth, Superintendent of Public Boil lings, which, together with photographs of Bheepstations, vineyards, and stock, presented to the Institute, will be displayed above the side showcases in the South Australian court. The oommittee will be glad to receive exhibits that have been promised as soon as possible, in order that they may be included in these ship ments. Mr. 'Warren, manager of the Eastern Ex tension Telegraph Company, had an interview with Mr. Copley on Thursday. The company |s duplicating its line from Singapore to Hongkong at a cost of £300,000, partly to Insure against interruption and partly to have a line whioh does not touch any foreign possession. The existing cable lands en route *t Saigon. The company wishes to obtain a promise from the Australian Governments that in the event of a rival cable being laid they will give the Eastern Extension the preference. South Australia and Victoria Ire willing to do this, and application will n ext be made to New South Wales. ijijio Engineer-in-Chief is asking for offers {or the lease of the steamer Industry, now lying at Gooltra, for the remainder of the nil inift jvt- The lessee will have to pay the wages of the crew, and must return tbe vessel and gear to Goolwa in good order and con dition at the completion of the lease, while he will not be allowed to make any alterations to the steamer without the oonsent of the Engineer-in- Cbief. He will aUo have to insure her tor £600. The need for am addition to the Adelaide water supply haa been pree&ing; itself home to the citizens of late because of the im purities whioh have made themselves mani fest to eye and nose whenever the taps at their houses have been turned on. The summer has been more than usually try ing, and naturally the depth of water in the reservoir has been considerably decreased, al though there is no cause for alarm, or even anxiety, in that respect. Stall, it is refreshing to know that good progress is being made with the works at Happy Valley. Tenders are now being invited for constructing an outlet tun nel, valve tower, and other adjuncts to the eoheme, and they are to be reoeived on or before Tuesday, April 18. A bank deposit receipt or cheque for £590 is to accompany each tender. We are informed that on Thursday morning three employes in a large bakehouse in an eastern suburb withdrew the notioe they had given and deoided to recognise the manifesto of the master bakers. This oompletes the list of the larger establishments whete the trouble may now be considered to be at an end. In one or two places, however, the men will have to go out because, the notices they gave were accepted, and other men were en gaged in their stead, but only two or three persons are thus affected. The master bakers at Port Adelaide have not acted in concert with their colleagues in the city in respect to the enforcing of the manifesto, and matters there are in their normal condition. It is not improbable that arbitration will ultimately be reported to in order to adjust the differences between the employers and their journeymen. It is impossible to say what the grape crop will realise, as picking has not yet commenced in the north, but from enquiries made by a representative of The Advertiser while at Angaston wo are in a position to state that growers do not expect to secure such a heavy re turn as was at first anticipated. From the infor mation obtained it appears that about 710,000 gallons of wine will be made in the Angaston district this year, and although this is con siderably in excess of last year's vintage returns a much heavier picking was looked forward to at the beginning of the year. It is estimated that Messrs. B. Seppelt & Co. will manufacture 200,000 gallons, Cleland & Co. (Tanunda Chateau) 200,000 gallons, S. Smith and Co. (Yalumba) 160,000 gallons, S. and W. Sage (Nuriootpa Cellars) 100,000 gallons, and E. Salter & Sons 60.000 gallons, while smaller quantities will be made by email makers. For high-classed grapes the market price remains at a sub stantial figure, and from £7 to £7 10s. will be paid for Carbonaz, while Shiraz, Gmnaohe, and other varieties will bring from £5 to £7 per ton. The price for Mataro and other common and prolifio bearers has fallen con siderably, and the buyers strongly recommend growers not to plant Mataros, as there is already too great a supply for blending pur poses, and if the market is affected the price for the poorer quality of fruit will fall first. Messrs. Tolley, Scott, and Tolley have erected a distillery at Tanunda, and it is considered that this will afford an opening for Mataroe, as a large quantity of inferior grapes will be utilised by this firm. Mr. F. C. Smith in formed our representative that Yalumba wine was meeting with a good market in India, and that during the past week he had received several orders from private people asking for small consignments of Claret and Raiding. A large area of miscellaneous leases is about to be resumed by the Government, the neces sary notices having been given in respect to 945 acres held by Messrs. Daniel and Duncan O'Dea in the hundred of Forster, 2,862 acres in die hundred of Hart held by Mr. G. C Hawker, M.P.. and 670 acres in the hundreds of Lochaber and Hynam, held by Mr. Wm. Hutchison and Messrs. William and Harry Biokford. In each case the notice given is six months. Working men's leases held by Messrs. J. L. Light and G. H. French, in the hundred of Noarlunga, and totalling 26 perches, are also to be resumed. A deputation consisting of members of Parliament, the Mayors of Quorn, Davenport, Port Augusta West, and Port Augusta, and others will wait upon the Premier (Sir John Downer) at 11 o'clock this morning to ask that the construction of a line of railway from Hereott to Kopperamana be included in the Government policy. Mr. J. Moule, M.P., is to introduce the deputation. Councillor James Robertson, honorary sec retary of the Queensland floods relief fund, reports that a telegram has been received from the Mayor of Brisbane acknowledging the receipt of the third amount remitted from Adelaide. The Bishop of Adelaide has for warded £38 ss. 3d., contributions from various churches, and the subscription lists are gradually coming in with very satisfactory results. The Garrick Club have arranged to hold an entertainment at the North Adelaide Institute on the 15th mat. in aid of the funds. The total collected to date is £1,690 6a. sd. For the convenience of visitors to the National Park, Belair, a timber bridge is to be erected over tbe railway-line near the station, and tenders are now being called by the Bail way Commissioners for its construction. At the Wesleyan Conference on Thursday Mr. D. Davidson moved—"That this Con ference, noting the meeting in the Albert Hall called by a section of the younger ministers to promote their views on what is termed * Tbe New Social Era,' while it recognises the zeal and sincerity of those ministers, at the same time deprecates any action whioh may tend to cause disunion in our church, and wishes it to be known that such meetings are in no way officially oonnected with this Con ference." Considerable discussion ensued on the matter, and finally it was resolved "That this Conference wishes it to be publicly known that the meeting held in the Albert Ball last Tuesday evening had no official connection with the Conference." Mr. M. Wood Green, who has been asked to contest the district of Encounter Bay at the ooming general elections, has resigned his position as evangelist in connection with the Church of Christ, Grote-etreet, but he will oontinue tbe duties of the office until tbe end of March. Mr. Green was for some time in charge of a church in Dnnedin and while in that colony he was elected to a seat in the New Zealand House of Representatives. He came to Adelaide with bieh credentials as an eloquent preacher and as an energetio worker in the temperance cause and he has maintained that reputation in this colony. Mr. Green is the editor of the official organ of the South Australian Allianoe, while he also occupies a seat on the Adelaide School Board. At the annual meeting of the committee of Prince Alfred College, held on Wednesday, the president (the Rev. R. Kelly), the Revs. J. Bickford and J. B. Stephenson, Messrs. F. Chappie, B. A., B So. (the headmaster), M. H. Madge, and D. Nock were appointed a sub committee to make arrangements for having a suitable memorial of the late Hon. G. W. Cotton placed in the college building in recog nition of the services rendered by tbe late gentleman to the college as one of ita founders and aa secretary of the institution for twenty years. The Bum voted by Parliament as subsidies t? the provincial agricultural and horticultural societies for the year 1892 has been distributed thus:—Angaston, £32105. Bd.; Balaklava and Dalkey, £52 135.; Beautiful Valley, £32 2s. Bd.; Belalie, £5318 a. Id.; Booyoolie, £41 128. Id.; Central Yorke's Peininsula, £31 9*. 3d.; Gawler, £6010s. 2cL; Kapunda and Light, £56 13a. 44; King?ton Pastoral, &a;, £28 5d.; MaitUnd, £32 lls. 5d.; MUlicent, £58 Cs. 10d.; Moonta, £37 4s. 74; Mount Barker, £57 6s. lid.; Mount Gambier, £66 195.; Mount Pleasant, £51 4s. lid.; Naracoorte, £30 19s. 7d.; Northern. £28 Is. 9?; North-Western, £48 65.; Orroroo, £50 4s. Bd.; Penola Pastoral, &a.;, £66 15a. Id.; Petersburg, £32 12s. 6i; Port Pirie, £64 55.; Port Wake?eld, £23 16a. 4d.; Robe, £31 19a. Id.; Snowtown, £43 12a. 5d.; Southern, £34 18s. 5d.; Stanley. £43 2a. 3d.; Strathalbyn, £30la. 6d.; Tartars, £26 ss. 3d.; Virginia, Port Gawler, and Two Wells, £54 7s. 6d.; Willowie, £29 12a. Id.; Willunga, £33 9s. 2d.; Wooroora, £2713 a. lid.; Yankalilla, Eapid Bay, and Myponga, £27 3a. sd.i Yorke's Peninsula, £50155. fld. Tbe amount granted is regulated by the total sums offered by each sooiety in prizes. The annual report of the Sydney Labor Bureau for the year ending February 18, 1893, has bean reoeived by the secretary to the Com missioner of Publio Works. It shows that during the winter months the Exhibition Building was used as a shelter, where from 500 to 700 slept nightly, blankets being provided by the Government. In addition to this the bureau gave 30,960 rations on behalf of the Government during the year. The average number of families getting relief weekly is 220, and the average number of rations weekly is at present 520. The coat of rations, consisting of Sib. meat, 41b. bread, £ lb. tea, 4 lb. sugar, at Is. 6d. each, amounts to £2,324 to date. During the first six months 13,447 names were registered, and 5,807 sent to work. The total sent ont to work for the year U 8,154. The superintendent (Mr. Jos. Creer) recommended the New South Wales Government to adopt some scheme of village settlement by setting apart an area of suitable land convenient to markets and surveyed in blocks of 10 to 20 acres. The daily attendance of men at the bureau is now 400 to COO. Among those registered as awaiting employment are —besides artisans—artists, artist*' models, assessors, barmen, clerks, drivers, hospital wardsmen, journalists, professors of languages, shorthand writers, typewriters, &0\. The fares advanced to send men into the country were £2,476, of whioh £1,151 has been refunded. The committee of the Convalescent Hospital, S. Margaret's, Semaphore, met at the Church Office on Tuesday, there being present—Dr. Wvlde (chairman), Mesdames Hartley, War burton, and Harous, Miss Williams, Mr. Ash win, and the secretary. Accounts amount ing to £87 15s lid. were passed for payment. Mrs. Hartley and Mrs. Warburton were appointed visitors for the month. Gifts were acknowledged from Mesdames W. D. Scott G. A. Connor, A. Drummond, Hart,Congreve, H. O'Halloran, and Kennion, Misses Williams, Lockwood, and Curtis, and Mr. H. Hu&sey.; The admissions for the month were 10S; and the discharges 100. The highest mean temperature registered in the shade at Adelaide Observatory during January was 105?6 on Tuesday the 3rd, and tbe lowest, 52?6, on Tuesday the 24th, the mean temperature of the month being 72 C. The greatest range of the thermometer on one day, 41?2, took place on Thursday the 26th, from a maximum J)7?2 to a minimum of 36?, while the lowest range was 14 on Wednesday the 18th. The mean height of the barometer was 29784 in., the mavimnm of 30165 in. occurring on Tuesday the 24th, and the minimnm.of 29*220 in. on Sunday the Bth. A meeting of the council of the Women's Suffrage League was held en Tuesday, Lady Coition presiding over a good attendance. A sub-committee was appointed to arrange for a general meeting to include the Women's Suffrage League, the Women's Christian Temperance Union, and the Women's Trades and Labor Union, "to emphasise the demand of South Australia that her womanhood shall be enfranchised." It was resolved —"That this council, while expressing its hearty thanks to Dr. Stirling and Mr. Caldwell, M.P., for attending the recent deputation to the Pre mier, desires to reaffirm emphatically ite un faltering adherence to the original principle of the league, ' Full adult suffrage.'" On Thursday morning Sergeant Holmes, Mounted-Constable Eaton, and the repre sentative of the Royal Insurance Company, with which firm Mr. Bower had insured, paid a visit of inspection to the eoene of the fire at WoodviUe. After fully investigating the circumstances of the case they sent a report to the coroner stating that there was nothing suspicious about the occurrence whatever. The city coroner will hold an inquest at Woodiille on Saturday morning next at 10.30. The selection committee of the South Aus tralian Cricketing Association have chosen tbe following team to represent the colony in tbe match with Victoria, which beeins on the Adelaide Oval on Thursday next:—A. H. and F. Jarvis, G. and W. Gifien. H. Blinman. J. J. Lyons, J. Reed man, E. Jones, A. Hill, W. Amos, and J. Tardiff. Emergency—A. Wilkinson and D. Ballans. Mr. G. £. Downs will act as umpire and Mr. G. D. Cook as scorer. The monthly meeting of the St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage and Catholic Refuge com mittees was held on Wednesday evening in St. Francis Xavier's HalL The monthly receipts for the orphanage were £21 9s. 2d. and the expenses £53 3s. 4d. The receipts included a donation of £4 sa. from Adelaide Racing Club. The receipts for refuge were £69 6s. Bd., in cluding a donation of £4 ss. from Adelaide Racing Club; the expenditure £61 ss. 2d. During the month 5 persons were admitted to the refuge, 3 went out to situations, and 27 adults and 6 infants remain in the institution. "The Mallee Country of Victoria and ite Wonderful Resources" is the name of a con venient illustrated handbook whioh has been sent to us by the author, Mr. Alfred Drakard, of Melbourne. The* engravings are from pho tographs and skdjehes taken in tbe localities treated of, while the letterpress gives a full and interesting account of the wonderful de velopment of the country. Free copies of the work can be obtained by farmers on applica tion to Mr. E. H. Lascelles, St. James Build ings, Melbourne. On enquiry at the Port Casualty Hospital on Thursday morning we learnt from Dr. Teichel mann that Fireman Maolrie, who reoeived severe bums at the fire at WoodviUe on Wed nesday, was getting on well and that his con dition had improved. Mr. E. Farrow has been appointed secretary of the Port Adelaide Institute in succession to Mr. B. H. Laker. The chairmen of the various land boards of the colony have decided not to recommend any transfer until evidenos has been given per sonally to the board in favor of such applica tion. The eight-oar race to be rowed on the Port Adelaide river on Saturday, March 25, has been proclaimed a " public procession " by the Marine Board. The annual enoampent of the Boys' Field Club, which is to be held at Balhannah from March 30 to April 7, promises to be a great snooesa. Up to Saturday over 50 members had enrolled, and many more names have yet to come in. The arrangements are well ad vanced, and there is every prospect of both objects of the club being more completely attained than at any previous outing. There are splendid opportunities for amusement, and more than ordinary eoope for the scientific work of tbe club. There are numbers of fruit gardens in the neighborhood, and the pro prietor of the Glengyle orchard and farm has invited the members to spend a day there, during which there will be given a series of object chats on farming and fruit- growing, with intervals for sampling products. Messrs. J. and A. G. Johnston, of Oakbank, and other residents have promised assistance in various ways in adding to the pleasure of the camp, while the leaders will see that the scientific objects of the club are not neglected. The tobacco employes' picnic will be held at Bridgewater to-day. The meetings of the annual district conven tion of the W.C.T.U. will be continued at the Presbyterian Churib, Goodwood, to-day. A special meeting of the Operative Masons and Bricklayers' Association will be held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel this evening. A notice aopears elsewhere that passengers desiring to secure good steamer accommoda tion for the Chicago Exhibition should decide upon the steamer they intend travelling by without delay. Mr. Walter Birks, of Messrs. Charles Birks and Co.. wishes us to state that he is not the Mr. Walter Birks whose name appears in tbe passenger-list of the R.M.S. Ophir whiah sailed for London on Wednesday. 