TWICE LOST. A TALE OF LOVE AND FORTUNE. BY RICHARD DOWLING. CHAPTER XXIV.— The Girl's Bridal Drkss. Frank Jeaters was a temperate man, bub early as it was in the day lie felt he'nccdcd a stimulant after his interview with the auctioneer. He turned into a public-house and ordered brandy and soda. Ho lit a cigar, and for the iirsfc few minutes aban doned himself to the pleasant reflection that he had escaped. Yes, he had escaped, though ho did not stay to inquire from what. The feeling of deliverance was a blessed sensation to bo enjoyed in unquestioning gratitude. He was experiencing the pleasure of perils passed, and in such a state of mind there always arises a feeling of being favored by fate. If fate meant destruction why had not fate taken him by tho throat and (lung liiin into the abyss? It was delicious to sit here safe and sound out of the raveuing surf which had boiled, eager to engulf him a few mo ments ago. After a while this feeling of peaceful pro- Lection began to die away, and was followed by tho uneasy consciousness that lie was respited, not reprieved. He became restless ami watched the door. Until now he had not thought of watching the door. Until now lie aid not realise that danger might approach him unawares. Until now it did not enter his mind that anyone or anything, that tho police or justice might be pursuing him, might then be on his track, running him down, close at hand, on the threshold. He would sit here 110 longer waiting for horrible thoughts, inviting horrible thoughts to conic and enter. On leaving the hotel where lie had stopped the night before he had decided upon a course, and he would follow that course no matter whither it led —to an island of beauty and peace or to the bottomless ocean. He rose and left the place. He look the train to London Bridge, and on his arrival got into an omnibus and set his teeth for the crossing of the water. Inside could nob be so bad as outside, and he felt a strange exultation in telling himself his nerves were more firm and his whole nature stvougor than when he essayed this journey before. On his way over the river he kept his eyes fixed on t he floor of the omnibus, and clenched his hands and counted at the ton of his speed through his set teeth. When the water Mas passed he felt for the second time this morning that he was safe. He raised his eyes and looked around him. It was a blessed sight to see the thousands of busy people hurrying up and down through the city. It- was a blessed thing to know that he had loft Vcrdon six or seven miles behind him. It was like coming home from exile in desperate lauds to feel the city once more around him. Ho entered the lofty buildings whero the olliccs of the St. Vincent Company were, mounted the stairs and asked for Hilliers. Tho secretary, an active, stout, low-sized, pleasant-fucoil, grizzled man of 50, saw him at once. My dear Ilillicrs," said .Tcatcrs, "I have come to resign my position as clerk-in- charge," "To resign!" cried HilHers, in surprise and disappointment. " What is the matter ? You do not look up to much." " Well, I found the barracks too lonely. I could not stand it. It stilled mc in the day and I could not sleep at night. I got a little furniture into the place, and as people may not take my word for the sticks being mine, 1 want you to give me a -written authority for taking them away." " All right," said the secretary, " but I am sorry. You know I never thought of the place as anything bub the small end of the wedge for you. What do you intend doing with yourself now ?" u I am not quite sure yet, but I shall let you know. I will write you when I know myself. Will you put anyone iu my place?" "I daresay we shall be obliged to find an ordinary caretaker, but at the moment I am not sure. What! Arc -you going already? Can you not stay and lunch with mc later? You look as if you wautcd rousing up or something. What is the matter with you ? L never saw you so much out of sorts be fore." Oh, I'll be ail right in a day or two. It is only the loneliness and the want of sleep. Good day." " By the way, Jcatcrs, if you only had tho luck to be a married man you might have found that old ruin less unbearable." " Why ?" said Jeaters, starting in spite of himself. " Well, you wouldn't he so lonely, you know. I often wonder you don't marry. You are tho very kind of fellow to pick up a lovely woman, or, better still, a rich one. A quiet fellow like you, too, would make a model husband. I wish I had a daughter or >\ young sister, and then \vc could make your success a family affair." ''Ay," said Jeaters, listlessly, "I may marry one day, but not Just now. I don t feel in a marrying humor to-day, at all events," he added, grimly. " You don't look it, I must say. What made mc think of it now was that there is an advertisement for a woman of your name in the 'agony' columns of all the papers to day. Did you see it?" " No. It can have nothing to do with me. I am the only Jeaters of my family, and I have no M'ife." " Of course I know you have 110 M'ife. I was merely reminded of your bachelorhood by the advertisement. It looks as if some Mrs. -Jcatcrs had fallen in for a slice of good luck." ' I don't know any Mrs. Jeaters who has fallen in for a slice of good luck," said lie wearily, with but half attention, like a man in a dream. "All right. Here's the authority for you to remove your furniture. Let me have a line from you soon, and go to some pleasant place for a few days. You look quite run down." Jeaters felt listless and dull. There were moments of absolute blank in his mind. He know he had carried out only a part of his programme, and that he should not be com pletely safe until all had been done. When deciding on the scheme for adoption, he told himself that if any of itM'crc to be carried out it must all be carried out. He know that if there is one imperfect link in the chain cable of a ship the chain is worse than useless ; it deceives with a false assurance of security. Nothing would have pleased him more than to take Hilliers' advice and run away from London, <1om'u to Bournemouth or Brighton, for a sight of the quieting sea and deliverance from the sliniv Thames, But lie could not even fancy himself leaving London. Invisible hands held him there. He could not even imagine the time m'hon he might be frets to go aivay from the stilling town. It seemed to him that lie M'us destined to spend the remainder of his days wander ing forlorn through its busy, dusty streets, iilled with strange faces — faces which at any moment might become the faces of pursuing, revengeful, implacable, ruthless foes. IIow great a ehauge had come over all the people he passed. Of old they used to look familiar and friendly. It had scorned in tho half-forgotten days, which were in reality only a m'cuk back, he could go up to any of these hurrying men, accost him fearlessly, and bo certain of a polite— -nay, friendly re ception. Now the faces of the men had grown strange, aud lie dreaded that if he asked the blithest and most debonair a simple question about tho hour or tho way, that man's face would instantly darken with the suspicions lie had seen 011 Manson's, or the troubled solicitude he had noticed grow on Ilillicrs'. Why should these people look so strange and so much liko men Mulling or ready to turn enemies? It might have been better if he had stayed for luncheon with Hilliers, and yet he couldn't ; and now it was luncheon time or dinnertime, and he felt desolately lonely. He would go into n restaurant and eat. That might restore the friendly look to tho faces of people, and give himtho sense of touching once more a world or warm reali ties, instead of moving through a misty valley full of dreary shadows and shivering ghosts. He sought a restaurant, and prescribed for himself an ample meal, on tho principle that food killed thought, and gave heaviness to life when life had become too vaporous. That was at least the ostensible reason to himself. But he kept deliberately hidden from himself another reason, which he did not care to confront or even acknowledge. To perfect his scheme of cutting oil the past, luially and for ever, there remained to be done a poor simple thing of which lie stood in miserable, pathetic dread, whose post ponement mas reallv the object of t his meal. lie ate and drank with deliberation, de laying the operations by great slowness, and by twice sending away as unfit food he knew would be perfectly ueeentable to any man hut one who wanted to kill tune. At List the end came and thou he rose and adopted a brisk and decisive manner. He paid the bill and gave the waiter sixpence to make up for the unreasonable trouble lie had caused. Then lie jumped into a hansom and drove to London Bridge and took train to Verdou. Ho went quickly from the station to the St. Vincent Hotel/and let himself in at tho side gale leading into the yard. \\\ itii brisk step he crossed the vurd and entered the "I'cat tin II by the back door, by the door on which Polho had hesitated with such dire forebodings a low rinvs ago. He did not pause on the (hrcshnohl. He tmt.'uitol, pause to think. He had a poor, ! pittntl thing to do. ami 11 must he done now \ and thoroughly. > ! lie crossed the great hall and went into 1 the little sittingroom with the tread of a man entering a conquered town, and deter mined to use the full power of his victory. With firm hands lie opened all the cup boards and drawers, and took out of them the' food and tablclincu. He laid the colored tablecloth on the floor and Hung into it tho few books, and emptied into it the contents of Pollic's desk, finding among her treasures some well-worn love letters of his own. Au old straw hat of hers lay on the floor under a chair. ' lie M'hiskcd it into the heap. A workbag and workbaskct, gifts of his to her, lie threw upon the pile. Then photographs of licr in velvet frames were added to the litter. Everything that had been hers, cither in personal use or personal charge, or her ou'n in any particular sense, he tossed upon the pile, and when all this v.as gathered he tied the four corners of the cloth together and dragged the bundle out into the hall. In the great hall he rested a while against the wall, and muttered through his set teeth : " She was my wife, and I loved her iu a way once. I cannot destroy the furniture, but nothing that was hers shall he profaned by other hands." He paused and looked around, as if to catch spoken words imperfectly heard. " Every thing," he said, looking about M'ith a strange scared face, "except her poor weak body that M'us once so pretty. I have pity for these things ; I had none for that body of hers, which was once so fair, and is now — Oh, God ! I must not think if I am to keep iny reason M'hoie, and keep my own body out of the condemned coll." Willi a loud sob he flung his arms wildly round his head and dashed into the bedroom. Here M'ith frantic haste ho tore doM'n the curtains and laid them 011 the floor as he had laid tho tablecloth in the sittingroom. All the toilette articles of the dressing-table, all the clothes out of the presses ami drawers he piled ui> in a chaotic mass 011 the curtains in the middle of the floor. A large trunk in the comer Mas locked, and resisted his attempts to break it open with his foot or hands. He did not know what was kept in that trunk. He had no curiosity in such matters. He had not seen that trunk open for a long time. The delay provoked him. He persuaded himsclMnto a furv against that trunk. Fury, any kind of violent feeling against anything was bettor than striding about the ruin lie was here making aud thinking of the ruin her life hud been. He darted away to where the coal wa3 kept, aud rati hack brandishing a hammer over his head as though to wreak vengeance on a malignant and implacable foe. He smote the lock a terrible blow, which sent it flying round in glittering splinters. He tore up the lid, and lo ! lying before his infuriated eyes, the girl's bridal dress ! "White and spotless as she was tho day she came to mo !" he whispered. " White and spotless as she was the day she gave her self to me, and the dress is here, and she is " With an oath and a yell he raised the great trunk, and shook out its contents on the heap in the middle of the floor. "Curse the folly of such things." said ho. "Curse the folly of keeping such things! They are made in folly and preserved for torture." Then he tied up the corners of tho curtains as ho had tied up the corners of the table cloth, aud with frantic hands and steaming face dragged the second bundle out into the hall. In one of the two great hearths of the hail he made a fire, and then undoing the bundles flung the contents of them, one after tho other, into the flames. He spared nothing. To the last all the tilings M'hieh had been her own, or closely associated with her, he burned, Hinging the curtains and the table cloth in last of all. When there remained only smouldering ashe3 he folded his arms across his chest and, kicking the charred mass, said softly, " That is the funeral pyre of my past. Out of it I shall rise a new man. I am free ! Free ! Free !" He went into the parlor to see that his work had been thorough. Nothing of her was left there. He strode into the bedroom. Nothing telling of her was here. Everything had been swept away and consumed — everything hut oue small silver article which had dropped out of the trunk that held her wedding clothes, and escaped from the bundle as he dragged it out. He stooped and picked up the shiny trinket. " It is the silver bouquet-holder I gave her on her M'edding morning for her bridal bouquet," he whispered. Ho touched the stem. " She held it here," he whispered, "in her M'liitc, soft hand that day ; and as we M'alked down the church she did not keep my arm, but changed the bouquet from her white, soft hand that lay on my arm and put that M'liitc soft hand in mine, a token that the hand was henceforth mine. That action of hers filled my heart with pity and love, and made something swell in my throat. No hand but hers lias touched this trinket since. No hand shall over touch it again." Lie M'ont to the back of the hall and opened a window. Ho raised the bouquet-holder to his lips, kissed it reverently, and dropped it into the river. "Now we are parted for ever," ho whispered. At that moment the rumbling of a vehicle sounded in St. Vincent-place. "What is that?" ho whispered, turning pale. " No wheels have been in St. Vinceut- place since we came here." The sound of wheels ceased. They had stopped at the main door. " What does this mean ? In heaven's name, M'lmt does this mean ?" he whispered piteously through his M'hilo lips. A loud knocking sounded at the door. A loud voice shouted, " Open ! Open !" "What can this mean V" lie whispered, staggering against the wall. " 1 thought we were parted for ever, she and I ! Arc wo to meet again ! — here ! "Oh, God, are we to meet again here ! Are they going to carry her poor body in and lay it down before the ashes of her M'edding dress arc cold ?" Again the loud knocking sounded and the voice cried "Open ! Open !" (To be continued.) 