farmer Housing Show Cattle. Comfortable and roomy quarters are essential in preparing cattle for show. Stall feeding is not the ^cst system for show animals. Clean well-haired beasta de not usually come out of stalls. Perfection in coat is a difficult point toattain, but when it iB accomplished it goeB a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is,- indeed, a rare possession, only a very few of the cattle Bhown at even our national shows being perfect in their coats. Inordinary fattening for the butcher, stall-feeding iB no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not the only point aimed at— the after health and bloom of the animal has to be considered. It takes a full year, sometimes more, to fit cattle for the show yard, and to con@ne the animals by the head or neck for that period is not the way to accomplish the desired end. Freedom to move about, or lie down clean and comfortable, can only be afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box; The superficial area requited from the calf to tlie aged bull will range from 50 to 200 feet, according to the amount of out-door exercise available^ and in the house each beast requires from 650 feet to 800 cubic feet of breathing space. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may be very closely confined superficially for the period of one year without injury to their health ; but there $re more breeding afiimals ruined from vtont of room or exercise than from over- feeding. It-is very hard to injure a horse by high feeding when the work is heavy, and the same law applies to cattle. Moderate exercise-*at uie expense of a certain waste or food isgood economy. Temperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural beat of the ahimal ranges from V0_to 80 degrees. A thermometer in the barn will indicate the temperature, and the nearer it averages the normal heat of the animal the greater the economy of the food consumed; When the outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In veiy cold weather the heat of the byre can be raised by closed doors and ventilators, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the same air, the health of the animal is endangered. All under-currents or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should the upper or roof ventilators be entirely closed. Impure air takes an upward 'course, and the ventilators, if they are of right construction,, will both allow, the exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days the doors can be opened, or partly so, as the thermometer will instruct; and after that the onlyimeans of cooling the air is by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to idmit of its use in cattle-feeding. The beat that can be done is to have the byres or sheds properly ven-. tilated and equally free from draughts,' which will allow of alteration when neces- sary- An excess of light under cover is to be avoided in the case of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for breeding purposes cannot very" well have too much sun and light, but the rays of the sun are only valuable to the cattlo-feeder when tihe temperature of the atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air becomes heated the direct rays "of the sun can be dispensed with. There is, however, no artificial heat, such as we provide with shelter, clothing, and fires, equal to the sunheat for health giving properties. We can produce a greater beat than we derive from tlie sun, but in the means we employ to attain it the air is certain to become more or less vitiated. When we get light and heat from the sun it is pure and genuine, altogether different from anything we can manufacture. This is the reason why the lamb that iB reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one raised in house with the aid of the sto* Shying Horses are Near-Sightea.— " Why it is that sbying in horses should be .set down to an ugly disposition I don't know,".said a prominent veterinary surgeon. "It must be because horsemen don't know what else to lay it to. The fact is that it is seldom met with unless the horse is nearsighted. I have tested scores of shying hones for near sightedncss, and in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now when I am asked to give points on buying bones I give this as one of the requisites : Never buy a horB& that is near-sighted. There are, however, two exceptions to this rule. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One hone can go blind if the other is clear-sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful that he is not nearsighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. "The reason why a near- sighted horse shies is very simple," the surgeon continued. " Of all animals the hotae is the most gentle, and even timid. He sees a strange object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper, in the roadside at night ;s a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. It is supposed that it. is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true but not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The animal has not been able to see it from a distance. He is near-sighted. Horses and Their Drivers —It has often occurred to me that the utility and age of horses are seriously affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of driven. It is but too common a practice, when a borsc is rising a bill,or when, perhaps, in the middle of a hill, for a driver to make a sudden slash with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden bound in response to tbc unexpected call upon its powers, possibly powers that were at the time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect would result in rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or sprain of some joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is continued day after day the year throughout? Under such circumstances, the wonder is that any horse escapes serious injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion of horses are thus rendered comparatively valueless, and their lives shortened. With a horse drawing a load, whether in conveyance,cart, or saddle, any call for greater exertion should be made what I may call gradually, that is, tbe animal should first be made aware of what is required from it by the voice pre- <^2ding the whin, and not the whip the Voice. Buying Curios in China—Later experience taught us that the curio man asks about five times as much as he is prepared to accept for his wares. Making a choice and getting your man into a proper fraiqe df mind to see as you do, as regards hia profit, intelligently occupies about one-half of the cultured diplomat's time. The curio chosen, the first thing to do is to take your man into the house, separating him from his follows that be may not have their moral courage to uphold bim. For the lot you make your offer, be disdainfully refuses, and begins briskly packing up. When everything is nearly stowed away, be asks, as if there had never been any question of It before, " How much ?" You again offer, and with a long drawn " No," lie once more unpacks that he may tempt you. Seeing yon remain firm and take no more notice, of him, with a tragic air he deposits.the things at your feet and gives you to understand he haa made you • present of them; that you are a hardened tinner; it bap cost him his. life's blood, but he had no choice^ With an I 0 it for the amount and • deep bow he has gone, and you find yourself a collector im embryo with the co»* diieu^fmly clutching you, 