THE DOGMAS OF CHEISTIANITY AND OF THE CHUECHES. We 'must be careful to ' distinguish the dognias 'of Christiauity from the dogmas of tbe Churches. The former are unOiBsailable by any criticism of the Bible which we have yet seen, or has vet been threatened,: the bthera have 'manufactured so many, and refined BO much on new Bcholastic and theological subtleties, that they are open 'at all points to defeat. And it is well. The-Churches retain, indeed, for the most prt, the dogmas of the New Testament; but from -the days of the early councils downwards, they have encumbered them with the untenable -materials of their own disputes. And such scandal have they heaped on dogma, that its very name has become a by-word. We have in eccle siastical history interminable lists of " heresies," and interminable struggles betweeu the orthodox and the heretics ; councils and doctors fighting in all sorts of ways, and on every little matter of hair- splitting ; where the New Testament did not pronounce /at all. Whatever party was most cunning, or most strong, carried its point, and it became a dogma. In some cases, the condemned and anathe matized was really the more Scriptural of tbe two; and this process has, under the Bishops of Some, culminated in the declaration of Papal infallibility, and of the deliverance of the Yirgin Mary from original sin at the . pre- cise moment of her uconception — about which the New Testament is eiient. But nearly as foolish were all' the disputes, and their settlement by grave councils, concerning the nature of the Holy Spirit, and the hypostatic union, and refinements pretending to define the nice relationships of the . Deity as we have it in the Athahasian Creed, which is simply the record of suggestive triumphs of one party over the' other respecting the use of particular terms referring to the -Persons of the Q-odhead, things utterly .beyiond the capacity of man. , If any one desires to see an example that will cure him;ifor ever of.any respect he.; might retain' for mere Church dogmas, let him read the account of the general council of Ephesus. Thev met to. decide whether Nestdrius was 'netetical because he would not; call Matj—Theotdhos— "The one who gave birth to .God.',' They put the New .Testament .in the chair, to denote 'that, that was their authority. It .must have -been to deprive it, as chairman, of a -vote ; for they never afterwards referred to it-; -no one attempted to find such a term applied to the Yirgiu in that Book. Hut, having taken good care to decide before the Nestorian Bishops arrived, the words were simply read.and denounced by acclamation. -.The .other bishops, when they, arrived, decided difierdntly, and then all-'proceeded to blows. And yet to this day Nestorius is uritten down a heretic, although entirely at one with the New Testament. It is' thus that ecclesiastical dogmas are manufactured, and strung together in creeds, and then, with all solemnity, precentors and choirs sing them- to a pleasant recitative;- But, the Aog'mas of the New Testament are very different; they are really the essence of Jthe Christian faith. Much of the morality of,;tbe New Testament differs perhaps only in degree from that of the. best of noh-Obristian philosophies. To a great .extent the sense of right and wrong is a part of natural religion, " the conscience meanwhile accusing or excusing." 'What as 'peculiar' to this morality in the New .Testement is the reality, life, motive, and superhuman help which vivify those pre cepts, otherwise barren, from the dulness :of formal platitudes. This is effected by cbhhecting them with the Christian dog- .inas, and these dogmas are almost all- rsomie act or word of the living Christ.. ;P6r instance, St. Paul, mentioned three of -these dogmas, " I delivered unto you that whichX also received, how that Christ died, .and was buried, and rose the third day." Now, when he entreats the Christians not to sin, he falls back on these facts, Likewise reckon yourselves , to .be dead -unto sin, and alive unto God, through f Jesus Christ our Lord."- " Buried with , Him 'by baptism into death, that, like as " Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also ishould. , : walk in newness of , life." £(Eom. vii) ; Another dogma is stated by the same apostle — the gift of , the Holy Spirit by which we say to -God, "Abba Father." (Rom. viii.) By-and-be, when \watning another. Church against careless- pesB-of life, he appeals to this dogma : i'f And: grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, by .whom ye are sealed unto the day of -redemption." And his strongest expostu- latioh .against sins . of impurity, is not simply a strong denunciation of it as against the undoubted code of morality ahy 'rOligion' or philosophy might have done that; but what other: besides Christianity could have supplied . this . motive, " What, know, yet not that your bodies are the teniples of the Holy, Ghost ! which dwelleth in. you; and whosoever defileth the temple .of God, him . will God 'destroy.'' Or ! could all-; the moral pre- jcepts "of all' the sages of the - world .'supply such" a motive against for- .nication as this,. "Shall I take the miembers of Christ and make them, mem- ; hers ofa harlot.: God forbid.',' .Tou will find- this principle throughout the Book as i; the life and soul; of religion-the, dogma ' is i the basis of everything. But the i'dogma, we must remember, to be thus loperative, would be not only the fact, but " the fact realised and personally .'applied. -tUnlessT have myself that spirit, it will be 'I'.no' argument. to me to avoid sin.. because 'r.'dur - bodies- are the temples of the Holy ; Ghost; tFor. he does not dwell, in my f'bodyl" , Ho ;herefore refusing to admit any .other than that which we plainly find - in the "-New Testament, we may® allow all the \- A-variouB criticisms even of the Bible itself . 'to, have free course, perfectly, secure of our vtteasure; and if we see spme old. council, o canons, or creed definitions > tumble, down under the critic I, battery, we can rejoice j .ithe morethat only errors falls, but we can , ? do nothing against the truth, but for the truth. Finally, let no questionings of how or why disturb our comfort and confidence in that good hews which so often, in every shape, the New Testament puts for ward, as the chief and choice of all it has to teach. That God was in Christ reconciling us unto Himself, not imputing your trespasses. Millions have found and are finding peace in that evan gel. Should we be asked what connection there can be between the' atoh'ement of Christ and your salvation, or how could the blood of the. innocent at all affect the guilty, what manner if. we should modestly say " I don't know.!?-. Perhaps there is no necessary connection perhaps there is. " One thing I know, that wWeas I was blind nowi I see." On any 'subject a a child may ask questions ;which the wisest cannot answer. , Even , 'sages, are sorely puzzled .about the sources of light aud heat in the sun ; but no one . refuses the warmth and light because he has not yet salved these questions — of the photosphere or its spots, or its fuel. So here — be warmed, be enlightened, be saved, be sanctified,. be glbrfied, be happy in Christ ; leaving, a thousand questions for future settlement,!: when we shall see, hot through a glass, darkly, but face to face —when we shall see as we are seen and know, as we are known. 