A BAPTISM OF FIRE. BR JEANETTE VAN ALSTHOS. mEN YON BLAKE sat in bis luxurious office, chewing-the end of his cigar and mentally anathematising the state of the Money Market, and the unreasonable, and very inconvenient caution that had lately characterised even the most reckless of speculators. As a professional blower of bubbles, he had ne patience with this timidity and caution in others; and it was an unlooked-for exhibition of these undesirable qualities in a big fish, upon whom he had ef late expended much eloquence and more cham pagne at several expensive luncheons, and whom he had believed to be fairly hooked, that had disturbed his usually placid temper. St was one of the rules of his self-indulgent life to dwell as little as possible upon any thing disrgreeable, and to compensate him self for any unpleasantness by the first pleasure that came to hand. Acting upon this habit, he opened the handsomely-fitted liqueur-case which is always so important a feature of the promoter's sanctum ; and, having pulled himself together vith an expensive brand of whiskey, lit his cigar also an expensive brand-and sauntered out. By the time be bad reached Leadenhail street he had completely banished his dis appointment from his thoughts, and in its stead bad summoned before bis mental vision an apparition that was eminently a. pleasant one. To tell the truth, Bessie Langley'sface and voice, and soft distinctive charm, had haunted Blake pretty persistently for a couple of months; and it needed no great effort on bis part to conjure "up ber image. Indeed, on more than one occasion lately, in the very heat and stress of a lively board-meeting, when he needed all his con centration and adroitness - for Kenyon Blake's board-meetings were never tame, but frequently veiy stormy- he tad been startled by some delightful yet troublous memory of that gracious presence that had set his pulses dancing. To think of her, to wish to be with her, and to gratify that wish was the natural sequence to man of Blake's disposition, and in another minute he was inside a hansom bowling rapidly westward, notwithstanding the fact that he had two appointments, and one board-meeting that imperatively demanded his attention that afternoon. Bessie was standing by the great north window when he came in, looking out upon the trim garden where the sun shone brightly on the rows of daffodils. With the swift gratitude of flowers, they had plucked up heart of grace under his genial smile; and, turning their backs upon tne east wind, had resolved to bloom their sweetest. : " And what have you been doing lately ? May I see asked Kenyon, after she had -poured him out a cup of tea which he swallowed'with a shudder, but accepted because he liked to watch the play of her white, deliberate hands. "Nothing; absolutely nothing. I bar* been horribly idle; a very blight of laziness sesma to have settled on me. But let us talk of something else; lam not'in a work ing mood, as I told you. - My brushes and I are ' but,' as Will Carleton would say." Poor Bessie! The restlessness and disin clination for steady work, that she called luziness, was the first effect of the disturbing element that was creeping into her life, and. to which she bad not become accustomed. Art had for so long been to her the end and aim of life, that she could not as yet com prehend that any other feeling might claim more than a superficial interest from her. She was, moreover, a reserved and tender woman ; and the circumstances of ber life had served to intensify this matural. charac teristic. Motherless at 15, she-had been left to the care of her great-uncle, a simple- minded, large-hearted old man of the Colonel New come type, who lived in a tiny home embowered in a big garden in St. John's Wood. He idolised Bessie, and his pride in her talent knew no bounds. He took her to Rome for two years, and from thence to Paris, where she worked for five years in Julian's atelier, and attracted the notice of some of the best men in the profession by the earnestness of her work. It was upon their return to London that Uncle Colin had built her the big bright studio that was the real heart-home or the enthusiastic young artist. The gentle old man lived to lee his darling win her place upon the line; and then faded gradually and painlessly out of life. Bessie had no one left but Ninette -Ninette, the sharp - tongued, cynical daughter of Paris, whose capable hands had held the reins of their little manage there, and who had begged to be allowed to accompany them to .England, rather than be parted from Bessie, who had all uncon sciously wound herself tightly round her hard heart. When Uncle Colin died, his pension died with Mm; but Bessie's work brought in sufficient to satisfy their simple wants, for Ninette was a wonderful manager. And so the years sped softly on, and Bessie lived like a nun, seeing only a few fellow-craftsmen, and neither knowing nor caring aught of the outside . world. Her work absorbed her completely, and fully satisfied all the requirements of her nature, so that she remained ignorant and unsus picious of its deeper needs. " She would be charming if she were a woman," a clever Frenchman had said of her to Julian : "but, unfortunately, she is only an artist." When Bessie had first met Kenyon Blake, sbehad shrunk from him with a. curious instinctive feeling "that was hardly strong enough to be dislike, but was perhaps the unconscious recoil of a spotless soul from the smirch and stain of the' man. And it took all Kenyon Blake's strong personal magnet-1 ism, all his power of fascination and astute j worldly wisdom, to conquer that first half unconscious antagonism, and to win her con fidence as well as her liking. Gradually, however, she grew to look; forward to Ms visits, and - ere very long it j came to pass that many summer mornings found him swinging idly in the hammock that was slung across one corner of the studio, while she tried to work, and drank in his words, all unconscious of whither she was drifting.: Bi&ke; unfolded his schemes and plans to her, and told her amusing stories of bis "adventures and perils, for he was a good talker and had travelled much, and seen life under many aspects. And in all lie recounted there was a cleverly.managed florification of himself, that somehow left Jessie with the impression that someone else had told her what a princely fellow was this generous, brave, open- liearted man, whom men trusted and women loved. Sometimes his voice would be -low, and his eyes grow sad, as he roused her sympathy with the well-told tale" of an .uncongenial mate; of high aspirations thwarted, great opportunities lost, brilliant succcsses diverted, his own hopes, interests, and tastes sacrificed, and himself -disheartened and made reckless by the tactless folly of the woman he had married. All this was delicately conveyed of- course; more ' by implication, at. first, than by actual detraction, and with many a skilfnlly-drawn contrast that -was subtly flattering to Bessie, who listened and pitied -and loved? Ah! yes. Love forced its way at last into the closcd chambers of her heart, thrilling all its fibres to tenderest \- ha- mony under his tormenting toa^h ar.d filling her eyes with the divine unre't which is th- orrt mt the many penalfris that tre women pay for bU admission. But the sweetness was *hort-li' »d, and she realised the hopel*»»Di>>iS «<f the futuie Loyally she wrestled w th the devil of rebel lion, as of old Jacob wrestled witb the mes senger of God ; and after a time victory seemed to come. ^ True, she could not cast out her love, bat she could curb it, and turn it into-the channel ofifftieiid&ip; that 8honld be the joy h6r life, ,-ana that woflH bea comfort ft jbin alw. Eer heart ached for his io'.ciam. ii.t the hideous mockery of his marriage to ;i woman be did not love; and slie 'longed with all her generous, unselfish ^ soul ^ to j bringtome brightness into his blighted life, j ' It.tortured her to see that longing, hungry "look in his eyes, and the swi tones of his voice awakened in her all that protecting, . semi-maternal tenderness that slumbers at j the heart of every true woman. . . Alas, that so few women realise, until it i» too late, how terrible is the power of a man | who has studied our sex, and who does not | scruple to turn his knowledge to account! From the first, the odds are against us; for we are «o easily swayed by personal influences. Remorselessly he gathers the thousand little dainty filaments of our weak nesses and foibles into his hand, and twists; them into a cable that binds us. In Tain we struggle; we cannot break it; and those who muster sufficient courage to cut it asunder, find that they have dug the knife into their own hearts, and purchased their freedom by wounde that perhaps may never heal. -ii It is only a very strong man who can ' resist using this power when, he has once j experienced the fascination of its exercise; the cravings of his own passion bid him ; strive for victory at any price. And most assuredly Kenyon Blake had never been strong with such noble strength. _ Even as a young man, when the chivalric instincts are keenest, he could rarely summon resolu tion to draw the rein upon his inclinations; and at forty he had an incurable flabbiness of moral fibre that was the natural result of a life of grossest selfishness. He watched poor Bessie's loyal struggles with a half cynical, half compassionate amusement. Poor little darling, how miserable and how .wicked she felt! Well, time and he between them would cure that;, and then-ah, then he would teach her to j to live! And the mere thought of;'his coming triumph - sent the blood surging hotly throMgh his veins. Bessie had grown very dear to him, and he loved her with the truest love of . which . his selfish, shallow nature was capable. That it was a poor, weak, fleshy parody of. the great master-passion was Bessie's misfortune rather than Kenyotrs fault; for, such as it was, it was the best he had to give. Inevitably, the climax came; and one July evening, in the quiet garden, the ghostly white lilies trembled on their tall stems as they listened unwillingly to a story that should never have been told ; and tho dim moonlight shone pityingly down upon a woman who was palpitating with joy, fear, triumph, humiliation, and a dozen other com plex emotions that tug at the heart-strings but defy analysis. At 27, a woman, however sheltered and uneventful her girlhood may have been, knows when she should cease to listen ; and . Bessie knew. But the hand of the conqueror was heavy upon her; and her soul, which had never yet stirred to any passion but the love of her art, was struggling to life at the call of the man whose ardent words were dropping like gouts of fire into her heart. To all strong-hearted women the birth of passion is a bewilderment; a torture of sweetness that, leaves the will all limp and helpless, and blots everything from out the world,' but the Prospero who has evoked the storm. " No, we shall not part," be broke in upon her murmured protest. "It is useless to tell me not to come. As well might you forbid your flowers here to turn towards the light. Nature is .stronger than you are, Bessie; stronger than I am. Do you think I have not struggled and fought my way through the same scruples and doubts that have assailed you ? And with the same result. You have tried to cast out this dream from your heart; but, dear, you cannot. Night and day the sweet, insistent torment has clung to you, has pursued you with whispers of a joy too" great to be renounced-not meant to be renounced. No, you shall not speak-" as she tried to stop the words that tortured her-"I know what you would say, and I will not listen. All those illogical, timid ? considerations would find no place j in your heart if it were, on fire like mine, j What is the world to you or to me, with its puerile social laws, and Ineffectual barriers ? Follow the voice of love in your heart, and leave the rest to me. Do not speak ; look up into my face, and let me read those true eyes ! Come, Bessie; come to me, sweet. Come to me for life-for ever!" , His voice was husky with passion, and the anns he held out to her trembled with one of the truest emotions be had ever known. " I cannot, I cannet," she faltered, with a sob in her voice. " Yet you love mis! I feel you do ; while I-my God! -child, I worship you!; You drive me mad with your quiet, cool ways and tender ayes ! Tell me, dear/' he went on more quietly, " had I been free would you have answered differently ? Would you have j been my wife ?" "Ah! Kenyon." " Say, would yon V " Yes," very softly. " My sweet!" And in a second she was in hisarms, and he was kissing her greedily on lips and cheek-kisses that burned deep into her soul, and sent the blood of a new life shivering and tingling through her veins. For a moment the wonder of this new bliss that verged so closely upon pain blotted everything from her consciousness, and she forgot the struggle that was' still unfinished, with all its doubts and fears and the dim, prophetic instinct of sorrow in the future. " No, sweetheart, let me hold you so," as she drew back breathless and trembling from his passionate embrace, *' while we reason a little together. If you would have I married me, wnv should you hesitate to i come to me now, why cloud your life and 1 : :j.u 4.i.J.nAnU 9 you not love me more than the world ? What, is its verdict to you or to me ? I know you so well, my white darling', my pure-souled Bessie 1 Is it not enough for you that I understand and reverence you ? Can you not trust me? Is not your love strong enough for this?" " It is not that. I could trust you, 'Ken yon. I do not care what others would think," she answered, brokenly; " but we both owe something to another law. We have no right to brills' sorrow on your wife." " Hush, child i You ire speaking of what you do not understand! For years my wife and I have been the merest acquaint ances-hardly friends even, and the little time we spend together is almost always disagreeably spent. How should you under stand a cold, coarse, jealous nature like l>ers -you, who are so tender and so fine? And yet she is a good woman in her impassive way ; but we are like oil and water. You are my true mate, the wife of my soul, the one woman whose every thought and impulse is responsive to my own. Ah ! I could do great tilings with you always beside me to be my inspiration-my Egeria ! See!" taking her passive hand in his-"in the |liollow of this dear hand lies u>y life ! You can make it Heaven 01- hell for me, Bessie1 My love, my love "-his voice broke-" use your power mercifully! Do not be hard upon us both; for you know you cannot condemn me to misery without suffering yourself!" It was piteous to see her vacillation Vaud uncertainty-hers who had alwav&fcfc;&i; so strong and' so prompt. But a volcano-had suddenly brokeu forth, amid the cool green pastures of her life, burying all her laud marks under.its lava flow, and driving her to a fate that she was powerless to resist. A strange sense of calm, and peace, end happiness succeeded to the stormy doubts and fears of the last few/weeks. Everything appeared to Bessie under a new aspect, and sne sang blithely as she painted. For she had entered her Land of Beulah, the Canaan of our foolish, love-craving hearts. Ah me, that its boundaries are so narrow,, and that its exits yawn so pitilessly wide upon the .dark wasbeof disenchantment! At tint jihebkdblamed btrcelf bitterly for bavins «i liven asrai.-.et Kenyon so long. Since she loved him, why had she tned to erect barriers against him, and to shut . into the loveless cold of the world whence he had come to seek her. barriers, too, had been built..ofa^":. ness, of contemptible fears for hecse1f,t)fan' i unwomanly lack of generosity in ber But aU that was past now; abe had tastedthe joy of self-abnegation, of self- effacement that isthe heart of love; and «he knew that the work she had to do in this world wj^ the delightful task of makingher Kenyon haPP>': That was the true morality of love, and all the rest was empty nonsense invented tiy a foolish world that did not know how to De thankful for its own blessings. She lookedback, with wondering pity tor herself, upon the quiet days before she hafl ; known Kenyon; and with the gran" j triumphant tones of her life-music -pealing i in her ears, those far- ofl days seemed like . dumb notes in the song. It was not until i long afterwards that she realised that they ( were rests; rests which, though they are., not music, "have the making of music m ^ them." " . . , I " Do you really love me, Bessie?-love me ; , well enough to be quite happy, just because ? ' I love you and we belong to each other! ! Kenyon said to her one day. She nestled yet more closely to Bim, and silently- laid her fine soft fingers on his cheek; for she was shy of words at times with the only man she had ever loved, this woman of seven-and-twcnty. Apparently the pretty action satisfied him-for a time at least. "And I'm no good, dear," he went on, little sadly; "a queer, eccentric sort of fellow; never doing anything I dislike, and never denying myself a thing I want-a se' fish brute. But I nerer yet went back on a friend or gave up a scheme I had promised to carry through. The world would tell you, and .tell you truly, that I-am not fit to ask for any good woman's love "-it was one of Kenyon Blake's moist dangerous and alluring tricks to affect at times what most men would look upon as quite a reckless candour and frankness.; he, the most fluent and convincing liar who ever wore the livery of Ananias !-" but I worship youf, Bessie And though I have loved scores of oth ! women, and have been loved by them, ne er one has had the power to move me as yon ver you sweet, sweet girl!" d®> The months sped by almost unnoticed by Bessie, who, once the great plunge had been made, had forgotten all herjstruggles and been madly, almost defiantly, happy. That she had deteriorated goes without saying; j for, with the sad humility of a loving woman, she had tried to descend to Kenyon's level, | having found it impossible to raise him to j hers. And things had not prospered with Keyon. A financial blight had fallen on the City, a,nd he could find no scope for hie persuasive talents and no market for his speculative schemcs. Notwithstanding his aristocratic pretensions, he was not sufficiently a grmtie man to wear a shabby coat with ease; and having expensive habits, it was not long before he exhausted not only his own resources but also those of his friends who'* were confiding enough to trust him. Bessie being in the secret of all his ventures soon knew of his embarrassments, and tried to stem the tide with her little store. Kenyon demurred at first, but soon allowed himself to be silenced with her loving sophistries. And so, by.forties and fifties, the slender bank account grew less. And Ninette banged her pans about more viciously than ever, and drove the dustmen, whom she held in especial abhorrence, to the verge of suicide. And as the spring ripened into summer the first cloud gathered on Bessie's horizon. Mrs. Blake, who had been on the Continent for a year, signified her intention of spend ing the season in London, and desired Kenyon to look out some suitable house for her. The request with its consequent expenditure, staggered him, but as his wife was always the last person to whom he wished his difficulties to be known, he trusted, with the true gambler's spirit, to some lucky coup to set him straight, and prepared to receive her-. Bessie looked on, and for the first time grew jealous. He had been so wholly hers, that she had at times almost forgotten that other claim-and now ! In vain Kenyon assured -her of his undivided allegiance, and' grumbled lustily at the annoyance his wife's caprice caused him; in spit* of his increased tenderness and caresses, the sting remained. Really [mined by her distress, he devised a whim sical cure, and contrived a plan whereby Bessie should see his wife and" judge for herself bow little she was to be feared as a rival. And the cure was completely success ful. Bessie had been prepared to hato the waman whom she had wronged, and whose very existence had wrecked all the sacred hopes of wifehood and motherhood that nestle at the heart of every woman who is worthy of the name ; but at the sight of her all resentment and jealousy faded for ever from her heart. Mrs. Blake was a weary-looking woman whose eight-and-thirty years sat heavily on her, and, without being stout, she gave the impression of weight and thickness by reason of her unelastic tread and theclumsy contour of ankles and wrists. As a girl she must have been rather pretty, and uncon sciously one expected to see her in the costume of the early seventies-a costume one felt that had been becoming to her. But by some strange freak of form or feature, no skill of modern dressmaker could bring her up to date, or hide that fatal inborn dowdiness before which even- Felix and Worth would have confessed them selves powerless. To Bessie, with her quite, distinctive chic, there was something pathc ' tic in this; and as she noticcd how the supplementary twist of bright gold empha ClAAll fllA Ap fU A AMAA l.«" e-jccu uic ittucuiicse vi unc uuue pretty Uclir, she was filled with a half contemptuous pity. This said, colourless woman, who looked as though all the glad generous blood bad turned to water in her veins, and who bore a whole tragedy of .broken hopes and wistful straining- after ''he love she bad lost-if, indeed, she had ever had it-in her dim, white lashed eyes, could never again awaken Bessie's envy. Had Kenyon Blake, with his restless energy and full pulsing Titality, his quickness and activity of thought and body, sought the world over for -a more uncongenial mate than this dull, lymphatic woman, who dragged like a millstone upon his career, it is doubtful whether he could have found one. I As Bessie turned away, she realised as never before that it was she whs was indeed i his true wife-the wife of bis soul, as he had said; but somehow there was a ting* of bitterness in her joy that she did not under stand. It was just after this that Kenyon went suddenly to Paris to try and tilt the scales of fortune in favour of one of his schemes that was trembling in the balance. He was almost penniless; but with the sublime | audacity that was one of the factors of his j success' with women, be posed there as a veritable Paladin of finance; and it was from the Hotel Continental that Bessie received the daily loving letters, full of hopes and promises, and passionate vows, that so amply satisfied her nnexacting tenderness. With the fatal capacity for devotion and self-sacrifice that distinguished her, ehe f retted over .her lover's impecuniosity, and finally gathering together the remnants of ' her saleable sketches and jewellery, sent hiT l five crisp, clean £5 notes ; and then, with a 'light heart, walked blithely through the mud l*M3tl rrain to save the threepence that fin omnibus would'have cost her. - "When he returned he had the grace to feel ashamed when he missed a hoop of fine diamonds that he had always seen on Bessie's finger. Hitherto she had, with delicate t£Ct, selected things which she wore but seldom 3 but these bad all gone. " Will you love me the less that my hands are bare ?" she asked, laughing; "you silly boy, to fuss about such a trifle !" V'<;. f. Arid theu he talked in his largeway ol the magnificent things he mi going to do in the near future, until Bssje began to Warns herself for not having sufficiently appreciated the privilege of denying herself the neces saries of life, and to feel that her poor little hundreds raast seem very paltry ? to:- this princely hero of hers! ,, But worse was to come; ana a few-months afterwards Bessie stood for; the last tune by - the great north window of Her studio, and ? looked sadly out at the dripping .gardens. j Some of Kenyon Blake's kites were flying home to roost, and the famished house that I he had taken had to be paid for; writs had . bees issued ; and altogether matters looked. uglvforhim. ! Bessie's course had been prompt, and the . pretty cottage had been transferred to an j artist who had long coveted it I Everything was packed; epenrshing ready j for her departure; and poor Kinetoe was j shivering patiently out in the gusty hall, j aud wishing that- Madame would remember j that the marketing had yet to be done before uiey could think of settling down to rest in the dingy Thayer-street lodgings whither they were bound. And already it was neafly ! four, and the gloomy .December afternoon xrns drawing to a close. Yet Bessie lingered. She was filled with a fierce exaltation of sacrifice, and the keen, sweet pleasure of being of use to the,man she loved. Was it ' not to'tide him over "a -disastrous moment, and to keep a roof ever his wife's head, that she bad converted everything available into ready cash ? Ah, and the delight of doing And it was with a smiling face and happy heart that Bessie Langley passed out of her home. Just before she reached the gate a few unnoticed twigs of "common honesty," which had survived thns late in a. sheltered corner, attracted her attention, and with an impulse of pleasure, she stooped to gather these white ghosts of the vanished summer. But, as heir hand touched them, the thin, silvery disks fluttered down among j their dead companions, leaving the naked stalks to shiver in the chill, damp air ! Nearly eighteen months later, all London crowded to see a picture that hung in one of the galleries/of Burlington House, and > had been purchased by the trustees of the Chantrey Bequest. . It was a large canTOS, and bore in one corner the initials "B. L A woman clothed in sad-coloured garments stood erect in the centre of a woodland path and gazed straight out ..at the spectator. The dead leaves rustled at her feet, and the bare trees were coldly outlined against the heavy grey sky of early winter. The very spirit of desolation was pictured there, and the key to the story lay in the only gleam of colour in the canvas-a scarlet letter that glowed and burned upon the woman's breast -the A of the Puritaii adultress. . But it was not Hester Pryniie ? the sinner, jjlent, scornful, impenitent, as her judges saw her ; but Hester, the'despairing woman, alone among the ruins of her love, crushed and dazed by the cowardly defection of the man who had been her god, her conscience, her ideal of all that was manly and trust worthy and true. : The pillars of her world iad given way, and everything was tottering -tinder her'; for he had failed her. And since he was false, what was there left for her to -cling to * . ^ "It is quite heart-breaking, isn't it, Mr. Lester 7" a pretty girl had said to Dudley at -the private view ; .' but Mr. Gurnetfc was mistaken when he said that Miss Langley had been her own modeL It isn't her face atalL" And the man had murmured, under his breath, " "No; it is only her soul!" Soon -after Bessie had left. Canal Gardens Kenyon Blake secured an appointment in Melbourne as manager of :some concern in which he was interested. His expenses were to be paid, the salary was good, and he was to receive a considerable sum before his departure.. "So you see, little girl, we are coming out all right; and in a few months I shall buy out that fellow who has got your little place, and you shall have a studio of your own again," he said, with a fine burst of lordly generosity. A few days before he sailed, Bessie whose uncalcnlating passion was as ready to ask in good faith as to give, told bim that she was literally penniless, and that there was heavy interest coming due upon muiey that she had raised for him at various times. It was the first time she had ever reminded him of the privations she was suffering; and probably she would not have done oo had he not previously assured her that some hundreds of pounds had been paid in to him ! within the week.. ] But she had not reckoned the new clothes | there were to buy, the dinners there were to : give, and the cigars and perfumery and whisky to be laid in for the voyage, and the: dozen other far more important claims to \ exhaust his money than the daily needs of! the woman. who had beggared herself for him. " Of course, I bad thought of that, and will see to it before I leave. Don't worry or fret, for everything is coming straight at last." And his answer had been sufficient to Satisfy Bessie's trustful heart. Towards evening of the day before his departure, aft$r she had waited for him all day, a telegram came : ': Terribly busy. Meet me at Docks, s.s. Alexa. Sail at eleven. So sorry." Sick at heart at losing him, Bessie set out at the appointed time, and Kenyon was. tender, and apologetic and talkative ; and more prodigal of wonderfoi promises than ever. " I've arranged everything with Towers, so write to him the moment you get home, and he will see you are all right. I shalL send you more the minute I land, so don't j wony, my dear, dear girl. I'm half crazy j at leaving you, but it will only be for a few months, and then I'll show you how much I love you! And foolish Bessie became hopeful once more, and her sad face grew less ivhite and ' drawn as 6he clung trustfully to the coward ' hand that had despoiled her. j Mr. Towers replied to Bessie's guarded ! letter in terms of strictest politeness, and j regretted that Mr. Blake had not given him ' instructions to act for him in any way ; but he inclosed that gentleman's address, and expressed the opinion that any communica tion addressed direct to him would receive his attention. Time crept slowly on, and Bessie and Ninette came perilously near starvation; for Bessie found it was more difficult to sell her work when she hawked it round herself 3 than_when receiving the dealers in her own > studio, since even dealers -are not-above] being influenced by ?? the surroundings of < their customers. Then she -grasped at that j forlorn hope of,.the gently-reared poor teaching; and trudged bravely through' the wintry streets to give her lessons. . j At the end of three months she received, i through Mr. Towers, a cheque for £10. It was the last communication Bessie ever received from the man for whom she had sacrificed and suSered'iso much ; although she learned from various sources that he was faultlessly clothed as ever, and spending his motley with all tlie old open-handed princely gpneroeity-upon humself. . Some women babhie of .their"- sorrows to whosoever lends an ear, and so find comfort; but Bessie was not one of these, and- even to Ninette ehe had. never spoken Keiiyon'e name.. Into hen picture, she breathed the chaos of her: souL It was her one dumb protest and appeal-the one silent expression of her anguish.: Someyearshave passedeince Elizabeth Langley exhibited the picture which made her fampOB; and she is now one of the most e&Seriy-soujght-after; women in London ; for it w only in novels; thab:itearts are never healed. r IChe Miss Havitebams do not live outaideihe pagesof (to^^ancer. But Bessie longer tfche fio& jdiminutive doek sot fit -the queenly .woman who bears ior statelier name in fulL 'She is gentle in manner as of yore, with the ' added grace of the finished worldling, ; But \- tiie true softness. and trustfulness of her nature lias Sot eveirvanished, for she has passed through her Baptism of Fire, and learned jier lesson oflife ; and it has left her impassive, and scornfnl, and coldly cynical : at heart.-Abridged iron Vanity Fair, 