is a. London drawingroom. Mind.— " I sen vru have a new brood) r" Dorothy.—" Yes, a j'l-usent from iny husbaud. They lull me it's i <treuielylrare—a'.Melbourne gold coiu."—Ad<'jiii-J .mm the It'iliun. A LITTLK bird—tlia "oof bird" of course— whispers to us that, although the full figures are not yet made up, it is known that this lias boon tlie record year at the Melbourne Mint. The mining revival has poured gold into the coining house, and about '3,o00,UU0 sovereigns have been i sued with the imprint of the little " 1 n " over iiie third figure of the date denoting that they viore struck in Melbourne. Coin collectors prefer Melbourne sovereigns to those of the Knglish Kiint, as owing to the particular care taken here e impressions are much sharper and fiuer. TUB Scriptural injunction to forgive one's '•.-other even unto seventy times seven is doubti"ss a counsel of perfection, but Mr. Joshua Moss, l • whom Sir John Madden gave the relict of the I -ivorce Court on Monday, was getting on that way i;. his marital relations. He was fairly entitled to his divorce if, as be said, bis wife "had left him roiout thirty times altogether !" They iiad been named fifteen years, so that Mrs. Moss left tho ii nuicile of her legal lord and master on an a.-erage once in every six months during that priod. Imagine the thirty last, final, decisive and irrevocable partings, amidst Mrs. -Voss' tears and poor Joshua's sobs, and t'inn the thirty blissful reconciliations, the weeping on the breasts of each other, the pioniises to be good and loving for ever and ever .vuen, and the terms of endearment with which c ch reunion would bo marked! After about the t' nth or elevonth reconciliation the ceremony v. juid surely become monotonous. The gush » >uld be less spontaneous, the promises Jess illusive, the kisses more perfunctory. But bow w iuld it be when it cainc to about the twentieth lime of reconciliation ? Would the embraces still b ' warm, and the words still tender't Or, would J"shua simply turn and say, " llullo, Sail, there y'ure again; ho«* have you been rubbing along si'ice last time?" To -which would she reply, "S'icely, thanks, Josh; how have you been?" It is a pity this intermittant marriage came to an end in the Divorce Court. They should have kept- if up. They have uiaiie a record us it is, but they might have made rivalry well nigh impossible, KOMANO is a good romantic-sounding name, suggestive of moonlight nights, serenades, flirtations in vine-wreathed arbours and amidst Mowers, cascades ;uid fountains. A mail with the name of Komano, who had any pretensions to good looks, would be certain to he a " devil of a fellow." Captain Komano, of the IJnyal Italian Navy, was a " devil of a fellow," as the records of the Victorian Divorce Court now abundantly show. The gallant—all too gallant—officer was here during the Exhibition, and mode himself very popular in local society. Tlie men liked him, and w omen adored him. He was tall, finely built, wore long black moustachios and an Imperial beard—was, in fact, altogether lovely to look upon. The scandal which resulted on Monday afternoon in the divorce from hothusband of Mrs. Hell, late of Alma-road, St. Kilda, was not. it is whispered, the only " little affair" in which the commander from the land of oil men and organ-grinders became implicated ,- but the others are only told r.iitn' nons and under cover of secrecy. Captain Uowano, no doubt, remembers Melbourne as clearly as some folks in Melbourne remember liiiu. "AVAIINTJNH THE SHADOWS." THE Council if the Victorian Society for Psychical Hesearch have not, as was feared, given up the. ghost. Mativ persons thought that the apparitioiial society had been laid after its first meeting and has departed into the land of shadows. It seems, however, that though tho council is composed of such things as dreams are made ol, its little life had not been rounded with a sleep. Sub-committees, wo are now told in the press, have been appointed to investigate special phenomena, " and have met." Whether they met any special phenomena cr any ghostly visitants, or what they met, is not stated. A committee dealing with hypnotism has arranged for practical experiments, whilst another committee has had several meetings in connection with (not with) alleged phenomena of spirit communication. We are told further that an interesting report, may shortly be expected. This is all very interesting, but does not touch the great yearning that is present in the public mind.* What is wanted is a clear and practical method of " making the ghost walk " in the theatricaltreasury sense. In other words, if the Psychical Research Society can show Victoria how to pay its way, it will not merely have eirned the thanks of all, but will have justified its existence in the most practical way by " raising the spirits " of all the dwellers in this depressed country. QUESTION A.VD ANSWER. ACCORDING to the Herald report of tho examination of Dr. Jamieson by the committee appointed to inquire into the question of the alleged diseased meat at the abattoirs, tho doctor was asked, " Have you ever seen anything at the abattoirs Co lead you to the conclusion that diseased meat was allowed ti igo in t o euiisn uiji! ion-" L>r. Jainieson's reply, as repoited. consisted of the expressivu and convincing senti-nee--" 1 have known the inspector fur two years/' Comment or further cross-examination were sup.-rtluous. ThefacttbatDr. Jamieson had knownjtlie inspector for two years was a complete answer to any suggestion that diseased merit had been allowed to go into consumption. What a pity such'"a sirnpto find satisfactory method could * not lie adopted in the law courts. Then we should have criminal cases disposed of in this fashion. (T COUNCII, FOIC THE DEKKKCK TO WlTNESS.—Till! prisoner at the bar is charged with having been found at midnight on the premises of the prosecutor, With your knowledge of Mm. do you think it possible that be could have been at-the alleged place at the alleged time ? WITNKKK.—f went to school with him twenty years ago. FOREMAN or'THE JUUY.—We are satisfied with the witness' statement and have decided to bring in a verdict of vol guilty without leaving the box. It' in another case the witness cannot testify tbat he knew the prisoner, or was at school with liiui, perhaps ho can speak from bem-sny as to hi* father having known the accused's father for many years, or some answer equally relevant., by way of proof to that given by Dr.Janiieson to tin* Hoard of Health Committee. THE CNATAI'YCA UOOJI, Till-: "pro'notors" are trying to make this- a boom year for the " Australian niasitauqwi."' The camp is to be pitched ill a secluded, mountainous country, seventeen miles from anywhere-, tents, wire Jiiattrnsses aud flock beds are t" I": provided for callipers ; tennis courts :u-c in readiness and " kangaroos abound in the immediate vicinity." Nothing is said of bulldog ants, soldier ants and the insidious incliman, but of course "they'll lie there." as eveiylhing is to be provided to make the affair a success, and jt campiugout expedition is only a success when it makes everybody contented with his .<« hut life in town. A little lay; — o Chautauqua let us hurry. 1 To the solemn, silent hills:' eavetln- city and its worry, Duns and debts, and dust and s'urry, rokers' luen and unpaid bills; ie to realms of necromancy Where, the kangaroos abound— ake along your darling Nancy, s the, builants have a fancy For the female.-, 1 have found. i in the rocky mountain summit* Peace we'll lind from all our woes, Hear tiie mild mosquito bum its Piercing lay, and slyly cojiie its Old f-.indaugo on our nose; And the wild-cat shrilly squealing Will delight our midnight dreams. Dropping on us from the ceiling, ~ Clawing out our hair, and peeling Oil' our cuticle in reams. tilorious hushlaml, sweetly scented; .Schemes of green and gold and blown, l'lauued by 1'iovideuce, who meant it •lust to make a man contented Ever more to stay in town. . We really cannot allow ..ur contributor t proceed further in this irreverent strain. —J->. )*. WOMAN'S I'OWl-.li. " The touRue is dyoftiuiqlji ier than ihu boiuli." II r IVMF a brawny Socialist, With tawny Jocks unkempt, He thought that from the rights of men The i rowned Heads were exempt. He went lo noisy meotbiL's, And propounded every night That the only cure ior social ills Was mighty dynamite. " These kings and emperors," lie cried, "Are blots; upon the earth ; Wo arc the bone aud sinew — We am the men of worth. Each pampered lordbng of the world I s but a parasite ; We who are bravo and fearless men Appeal to dynamite." This line heroic, six-foot bnive- Who placed kings under ban- Was, mild enough in private life. A henpecked married man. lJis wife was only four- foot, six, And yet. the Socialist Was very meek, when lie. at home His little Anna—kiss'd. When at the club the Socialist, With fury in his eye, Could talk of bombs'and blowing kings In fragments tow'rds the sky. Hut when at home, some little dregs He found in Hymen's Cup, JJts wife hoist him with his own petard. She did the " blowing up." 'J.'was ever thus, the braggart loud Who at the club will foam. Ami like a lion wildly roar. Is hut a lamb at home. Ho calls on all to rise above All cowardice and fear; Hut to his wife he humbly bow.-;, i And murmurs —" Ves. my dear." l-ONSISTKVY. Tin-: .t/ioisbas recently been fulminating in its leading columns against the degradation of journalism by those wicked I,ondou newspapers who have taken lo the pernickus habit, of interviewing Gaiety dancing givis, From a lofty pedestal to which it bas taken a running jump the Anjm looks down upon the silly people who read such interviews, the siily actresses who grant them and the depraved journalist who u rites and publishes them. From the high moral tone of our contempoi ary's leading article, aud from the amused and lofty scorn with which it regards the actress' thrilling information about the " decorated jersey," one would never dream that tlie Art/us could within the same year publish interviews with Mdlle. Hartho, the premier ballerina ut the Princess', and Mr. A If. Josephs, the leading bookmaker! Still more incredible is it that the Ar^iis so far pandered to the society tastes of to-day as to write columns of descriptions of the " decorated jerseys " of private ladies at the last Melbourne Cup ! FtMAI.K liLTf-HAUE. AT a recent gatbeiing two ladies were talking about the recently-acquired privilege of women in New Zealand. Naturally tlie conversation turned upon the likelihood of the same thin" happening here. Then the following was overheard : UxMAiii'.iED LADY.--if women get votes iti Victoria, I shall vote whichever way Harry votes, just to please him. MAJJUIKU LAII'V.—And 1 shall vote the opposite way mv husband votes, just to spite him. THEBKis In lie :l d.)U balli't in tho Princess' Pantomime. How dollightful! <IVKKHFAIID at Poverty Point:—" Say, Chiirlicwhatever induced you to become. an actor ?" " WcOi. Die fact if,] couldn't prow a moustache, old boy." A I'OSTHIIM'H'S article by Francis Adams i u Th<\- Fortnightly compares Kipling with Gordon t° the latters advantage. Francis does not compare their bank- books. A "SJIOKEHS' PHOTEITION SOCIETY" is now projected to counteract the attacks of tho enemy. The lady members of the shrieking anti-tobacco bodies iliHd themselves not to marry smokers. "What more protection do the latter want 'i THE Minister of Railways has decided that the Hailway Department shall make its own ice for cool transport purposes, at a cost of IOs. per ton, rather than buy it. at per ton. "Ah, I—cc; very good,"111 Mu. 1'CNCH'S comment. Jilt. FITZGJDHON has issued a new book of poetus in blank verse. It is called " A Handbook ot tho Hoard of Works." and is issued at a modest figure. The suburban resident will find it unequalled as a missile to burl at midnight cats. " TUK Chinese," says a contemporary, " have an Academy of Manners that prescribes etiquette for the whoie Umpire." This accounts for the easy elegance with which the chow "lifts" our Christmas chicken. Chicken- lifting is one of the manners and customs of our local Chinese. A STOUT goes the rounds that when John Dillon was doing " mission work" in the cause of Home Kule in Ne'.v Zealand, someone sneaked a pair of his trousers and put them up for auction. A zealous "pathriot. " bid £1~> for the honoured pants and the cash went for the good of the cause. IT is comforting to read that in most electorates during the recent Maoriland elections, ladies were stationed at the doors of the polling booths to boh! lmby whilst ma recorded her vote. The question has "often been asked, " Who's to stay and mind the baby?" This little arrangement answers it. and will temper the resentment of many a married man towards womanhood suffrage. IT is always a surprise to Uo to read cases like that of the " respectable man. personal iriend of his solicitors, and organist of a church in a frshionable suburb;' caught peeping through a crack at the South Melbourne ladies' baths, and fined in tho local police court last week. Why do these men run such risks when Ibey may attend the pantomimes, the ballets and the music-halls without breaking the law ? THE Baaumonts, who play cards, drink from bottles and smoke cigars under water, have a lival for amphibious fame in Mr. Enoch, who jump* oil' London bridge tied up iu a sack, and comes up from the hottuui of the Thames with the sack under his arm. Dirndl plays a trombone under water—when the instrument is found to have a very liquid tone—but lieaumont beats.hiui by about ten seconds in the long stay under the surface. lieaumont? are different from uiany Melbourne people just now, inasmuch as they are not trying to keep their heads above water. TUK Women's Christian Temperance Union has started a crusade against those peuny-in-the-slot machines on lhe railway station platforms, which supply one or two cigarettes when a copper is dropped in. The. ladies toll Air. Hichardson that these machines are a snare to the unreflecting small boy blessed with a ' brownie." We think, however! the ladies of the W. C. 'J'. U. liiiss the point of the case against the cigarette machine The ingenious toy that entices tlie hoy la seductions of smoking to revel, Is a thing of deceit, a mechanical cheat, And an instrument, too, of the devil. It invites the weak lad to incline to the bad, With the mysteries that iu it are lurking, For the smoke it supplies counts for less in his eyes Than the pleasure of seeing it working. And the ill we descry in the instrument sly Js its holding out constant temptation To the lad, not. to smoke, but to try for a joke His small baud at expert peculation. See the innocent boy hard at work on the toy, With a knife that is " mummer's" or " popper's," Trying tricks lie has seen to induce the machine To disgorge its collection of coppers. THEHI: is an interesting bit of Melbourne society news from a London weekly : " Amateur skirt dancing has been ousted in Australia by the skipping parties, which are all the craze just now in fashionable circles. -Mrs. Hupcrt Clarke is responsible for introducing this fascinating lorm of ennyiainment to Melbourne society. Tournaments are held on the asphalte tennis courts, and valuable prizes are offered by many hostesses for the lady nim skips most gracefully and mast successfully. This seems quite a good game, and it gives the men a chance of making themselves useful. As Mrs. Rupert Clarke says, they are admirably adapted for turning the rope." When we are anxious to know how people are getting 011 in Melbourne, we always look up an Frnglish weekly KINOS don't count for much in Tonga apparently. Here is a recent item of news from that distressful little kingdom:—" A dismissed officer insulted the king and fired three shots at a boat in which the king was sailing. Next day he called on His Majesty and made a full apology, which was accepted." This humble black monarch offers the Czar of Russia, for instance, a lesson in forbearance and humility that should not be forgotten next lime a Nihilist throws a nitroglycerine bomb at His Imperial Highness and misses. Skobbolloff DynamitolT.—" i' ljrgivo me, Sire, for missing you with that, bouih this morning it was quite unintentional, 1 tender my sincerest. apologies." The Cz*r.—' Arise, Skobbolloff. I accept your apologies. Of course you did not mean to do it. Skobbollofl'. —" 1 assure you on my honour as a Nihilist 1 did not uiean to miss you." 