PEfii mm : AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY BY THE AUTHOR OP 'THE WILD WARRINGTONS,' CHAPTEfe:!XX Continued. '* I cannotf^|h^f it,' I answered wearily — it wight be indifferently. 'Sarely,'jb.a«li|Sne, jou, could be more punctual i^ you tried,' replied the manager testily, ; 'I should — I should fine you if you was anybody else. I — I had no call to' complain ot you atnrst. ? I turned upon him fierjcely. ' I have a little sick child at home now, recollect,' I said. 'I came as early as I could. Worry me no more!' The manager shrugged his shoulders and spread out his fat be ringed bands. ?' -''?? 'I hope she's better — the little gal,' said he. 'Is she ?' I did not answer him ; but, with my whole aoul in hot revolt, with moist quivering hands, and with eyes that were dim with fiery tear9, I turned and unrolled the music of my first song. .,,., My reception that evening, when I at last appeared upon the stage, was av uproariously hearty as ever. My, last song, like its two pre decessors, was frantically encored. I had managed, by gently shaking my head and appealing!/ touching my throatjlo shirk complying with the wishes ot the audience with re gard to my earlier songs. But, jay third being 'Kathleen Mavouroeen ' — always a tremendous favourite with Levity patrons — there was ' no getting out of of it ' this time, as Mr. Blink worthy, in some ex citement, expressed it. ' I cannot sing again to-nipht— indeed I cannot,' 1 said earnestly. ' You must,' said the manager. 'Hark at 'em f ' I cannot— oh, I cannot !' I moaned. * Let me go home !' ' Pooh !' Sing them one more, and then you shall leave. They'll never be quiet else ; and there's Professor Pampeluna and tis performing dogs waiting to go on. Come— don't be a fool, Madame FJeurette ?!' said the manager roughly. He disappeared, but soon returned with a small tumbler of champaigne. ' Here, drink this— look sharp !' It'll pull you together and give you 'eart,' said Mr. Binkwortby more kindly, and himself put the glass to my unwilling lips. ,., : I was hi8 -slav© — his paid slave— and so it ended in ray going heavily back to the stage, and by my pre sence thereon once more hushing the theatre into tranquility and decent behaviour. The stage attendants, in their ridiculous and shabby livery, had already wheeled on the grand piano; for, whenever I ifbceptei the encore for my last song of the. evening, I wai expected, as before, to accom pany myself. But oo ' Kerry Dance,' nd 'Thady O'Flynn ' for them to night ! They tausi have what I chose to .give; J.theta, or go without, v ???.? ..' . For some moments ray hands moved aimlessly! over the key* of the piano, .ff^ltt^ck fc~few minor chords, aq-f jth|n pljjyij; a brief dreamy prelude ':%( my own com position. :1 Wanted no notes for my own accompanying. ?Strange that, on that night, of all nights, I should have found^; myself .itnging the favourite cpjg^ mjngirlhood, of my lost habpy^outh, .when I knew not Daryl utrfcwood or aught of evil or of sorrow — 'I saw from 1Kb beach, whea the morning —the 8on^^wfc»l used sometimes to sing to—— '*?'? I trembled, shivered as if the ice cold breeze from without had ; touched me, but played on mechani cally nevertheless. I ' ''Ne'er tell ioe oj' glories 'serenly adorning1 The close of our day, the calm ere. of our night— Give Die back, give me back the wild fresV ?^'aesgof rooruinjr, «. Her pldudu and her tears att»£wprth '^evenings best light.' ^VsK^ I sang — «ang with a passionate feeling of hopeless regret, %»H gfti ennscicjus though I was perljjanii of it at'jtue time, with a vaguejt|S||,er lunging far the glad innocence Muf 3'outh which never, never,, joore could be mine again — whichf* itr^its fidelity and yearning pafcl!os,.*eemed absolutely to thrill the densely - packed house. %Ax' Never within my short ex pericn^e of it and the ways .^its audience had the theatre :fcelfeso hushed. It was rot often that I glanced downward at the occupants of the stalls; they always appeared to be so horribly near to the stage. The boldiipward staring, whether of curiosity or of admiration^- which I there encountered annoyer) oie acutely — to me was disagreeable ia the extreme. But to-night, as J^Was in the act of rising from the music* stool to bow my thanks, .to the familiar outburst of enthusiasm, something — a strange 'magnetism' — involuntarily caused me ; to f^ijtn my eyes downward upon those rows crimson seats immediately behind the band. ,!, ..,, ..?? There, in the end seat of the third rpw from the stage, bis eyes fixed upon me — eyes in whicn, I fancied just then, tiiere, . were shining together amazement, joy, reproach, and a hopeless fatherly love— sat a figure that for -years I had seen only in my dream*. W«s it a ghost — a ghost from my dead forlorn past — or was it in . grim reality — No — no ; it was no error of vision, no trick of fancy, no appariation from an immaterial world. Heaven help me, it was solid flesh and blood. Time notwithsfcandiug had dealt hardly with the benign-looking old man j he looked indeed as it his years sat in heaviness and in wear iness upon him. His light-blue eyes were as mild as ever in expression ; but his pale lips were drawn down, with strong lines about them. His face, with its fringe and iron-gray whisker, was no longer pink and smooth, but had a colourless, an almost leaden hue thas in the gas light was ghastly to behold. He had, too, grown very bald.% Upon the convenient ledge before him stood a glass of steaming grog ; between the fingers of one wiry veined hand he held the stump ot a cigar ; whilst with the other hand, upoB his knee, he grasped a -black bag. Great Heaven — the black bag ! Our eyes met. He smiled mournfully — hal f rosa from his seat, still faintly smiling, as if uncertain what to do. It was horrible. A. smothered cry broke from me. I staggered sideways on to the music-stool, discordantly striking the notes of the piano with my nerveless outstretched arms. . Some one shrieked, 'She is ill — dying!' ; Then the lights seemed to go out, the theatre to spin round; The curtain fell with a crash; and I remember no more. I hurried along, seeing no cab, my cloak wrapped tightly: round me, my tearful eyes glancing: ner vously to the right and to the left. The night was unutterably cold and dreary ; the snow still felt, but here in the great city lo«ing il|s -$hill purity the instant it reached the earth {the sludgy pavement were almost deserted. All the late omnibuses were full ; but I, recol lected that there was a cab-stand not many yardB farther oD, and thither with beating heart I hasten ed. Could I escape ? WaB$here'a chance for me ? 3k Yet no bhriek of alarm .ijet|||ny lips when I felt my armtooched — touched timidly by ^.. some unseen hand — when a ^figure stole out from the ahn-3ow of a . roomy doorway belonging to an empty house with bt-uken and shuttered windows which adjoined a portion of the theatre I had just quitted. ? Flower — Flower,' BHid the well remembered voice, humble, mild, tremulous with sorrowful entreaty gentle as ever — ' and so we meet again.' Bow strange is life ! How strange are the accidents of it ! Oh, my child — though child you are no longer, but grown to a womanhood wondrous!}' fair — speak to me, give me a word ! I have been waiting and watching for you here ; speak then to your poor old ? ' 'Father,' I said I in a shuddering whisper. ' in pity leave me 1 No ; do not touch roe again, but leave me in peace — if there be gjch a thing as peace in this world. And, if — if it be that — that you still care for me, I — I ask you to prove it this instance byleaving me as I beg you. We are nothing to each other — nothing but strangers. When I left— left Moor Edge, I left you, for evar and ever. I have other ties now. Never dare to trouble me again — but go ! I had turned my horrified eyes towards him, with my hands pressed hard over ray bosom, my face as white as the falling snowfiakes — still cowering backward against the wall of the foisaken house, lest my garments evert should be defiled by contact with Jthe man before me. In the pallid light from the street lamps in our vicinity I perceived that he was regarding me with mere questioning blue eyes full of per plexity. One hand was extended in a pleading manner towards me ; in the other was the black bag without which — as in the old days — he travelled nowhither. ' Flower,' sadly said he whom once I had known as and innocently called my ' uncle Simon,' 'you are very hard, my dear] I will not say unnatural, because perhaps it is only — only natural, after al'. that you, having — as you told me in that message that you left behind you when you fled from Moor Edge, and indeed as is very evident to me now — at last discovered the truth, should shrink from him who always loved you so well, dear — nay, who would ? -' 'Love — love,' I garped — 'do not, I pray you, think of that beautiful word as anything that could possiblv have existence between you and me ! It is not possible — not true. I ceased to care for you, to regret you, when I learned the truth. Ah, it was too cruel, too horrible !' 'Oh Flower,* said the old man very desolately, the tears beginning to trickle down his changed cheeks, 'you are too hard — too hard upon me ! Child, you would at least pity me — I believe you would not be so unkind — if yoii knew how wretched I am in my old age, how lonely I have been since you went away ! The old moorland home is sadly altered since you knew it, Flower. It was always solitary, dear, I'm aware ; it is worse than solitary now. Flower, tor the sake of the happy old days that are dead and gone and cannot return, let me take you by the hand — only once again, my dear, just once. Let me take vour hand in mine, and hear you say 'uncle Simon'— just once, only once, as you used to do ! At minute ago you called me 'father.' I Why — why was that? Strange very straDge, coming from you; Flower ! Why was it, dear V he whispered plaintively. 'Call me* uncle Simon' again ; not ? ' Nearer he crept to me; the black bag brushed my gown, I flung out my arms and passionately waved him back, . 'Do you not understand me?' I ?aid aternly. ' Since we parted I have learned the truth, the whole tnitb. If I called vou 'father' J^- I*did not mean 'mWTW -«a*n»- slipped from moiina**1^ '- -'ou are nothing to me. Your meeting m& - to-night Is ' dreadful— -dreadful ,! I was unhappy enough, Heaven knowij, before ; I am at this moment; fifty times unhappier than I was. Thanks to tny hnsband,' I cried bitterly. 'I am no longer an innocent and an ignorant girl — I am a woman, with a woman's hard ex* perience of life. My husband — where all was gloom and darkness — has let daylight in. I hav& gained wisdom, and have paid dearly for the gaining of it. Tha^, is the way of things in thn world. Hs guessed — somehow found out — everything! He told me the truth — the truth, Simon Creedy. Do you hear ? Do you comprehend ? Go, go, go, then ; the sight of you hurts my eyes ! Let me pass, but do- not touch me ; I want to get home to my child.' 'Husband — child !' repeated the: the old man dreamily, a? if my passkmtely-uttered words — every one or them, save those two — had not fallen upon his ears at all ; 'tell me something about them — your husband and your child— perhaps child i en ? Have you more than ona — tell me, Flower ? Are you happy in your married life — quite happy,, dear ? 'he said eagerly. ' Andrand let me bear how it is that I find you. singing at that theatre place. They told me. inside that you sing there every night— -that — that ? ' ' My present life is ray own — ifc does not concern you, Simon Creedy,* I answered wildly. .Whateverlb be, whatever I may hold dear in it, it is my own affair, not yours_ Evil, lost old man, I am nothing to- you ! I may fee your child, but I have naught in my heart for yoi* except deepest loathing ; and there fore ? ' A huge dark form, but a few yards from where we stood, here advanced slowly through the whirl ing snow. I sprang past Simon. Creedy and grasped the policeman, by the arm. ' Find me a cab, will you,* I panted. ' and I will give you a half-a-crowD !' For a few astonished seconds he starei down into my white and agitated face, and then said — 'Certainly, 'm, I will.' He put a whistle to his lips and blew it shrilly. * What is the matter, madatn £ Have you been insulted ? he asked1,, dropping the whistle into his pocket. ' Yes — no— yes, I mean,' was tn» incoherent reply ; and, hardly con scious of what I did, I pointed to- the dark doorway of the empty house. Straightway my burly friend turned his bull's-eye fuli upon the shadowy entrance, place. The- piercing light of it revealed Simon Creedy crouching there upon the wet doorstep,bis bowed face hidden in his hands, the black bag lying .unheeded on the pavement at his feet With one stride the huge police man was stooping over the abject old' man. He shook him roughly by the shoulder. Simon Creedy looked op. ?Flower, Flower,' hV cried, 'do not leave rue like this I One word* dear, after al! these years — one little kind word 2 Flower— Flower With a harsh laugh the policeman, stepped back. ? Why, you old sinner — you, i», it ?' I beard him exclaim. 'You, of all limbs o' darkness in the world— - you !' The past faintness and dizziness of the theatre were returning. % felt that I could not stand unsup ported, Happily at that instant ». hansom drove briskly Alongside tb» WrlT-stonerariii'BiEbpped quite close tome, s ?'''.' .?':' ''? 'i'.-'-'i ? '?:-??'?- - ? Are you the fare, madam ?' in quired v ^b]e2t|l-*irer- 'Some one ?whistled.' 'Yes.'-'''- ''??'? '? ' ?'' '?' '?' *' I told him whither to drive me, stumbled somehow . into the cab, and sank back with a moan of des pair. !.,...,. ? The policeman came to the cab doors, leaned one arm upon ^hem, Jooked in, and said significantly — ^Do you know, 'm, who he is ?' _3wth a jerk of his helmet in the direction of the dark doorway. I remembered the promised half crown. I managed to find the money, and thiust it into the police-' man's hand, saying faintly — ' It — it doesn't matter — let him go. Am] — and plc;.'-e tell the man to drive fast ; he knows the ad dress.' ? In another moment I was travel ling rapidly homeward to my darl ing — to my little sick patient child — through the whirling white mUt of the wintry night. But a desolate cry seemed to follow me upon the breath of the ?wild north wind — seemed now and then, with bursts of demoniac laughter, to rush by the side of the rattling cab, and' refnse to be shut. out. 'Flower, Flower,! wailed the old man's voice, ' do not leave me like this . . . after all these years, dear, not like this '? One little word,' it sobbed and laughed — : one little kink word, dear! Oh, Flower . . . Flower . . . !' CHAPTER XXII. Next day Mr. Bink worthy called but I would not see him, and I sent .him a doctors certificate that I was aoo ill to sing. 'And for two whole days and two 'whole nights I had neither tikeu oft my clothes nor stretched my limbs upon a bed ; my post had oeen by n.y darling's cot. Not for many, many hours had I shed a tear, or swallowed solid food, or said a coherent prayer. My tears, I believe.were all gone, food choked me, and when I tried to pray I had no mastery over my words — I could only moan dumbly in an agony of giief, and dimly wonder whether Heaven understood, Presently the door of the sitting room opened, and Mrs. Sadler came noiselessly in. She was going out, it appoRred, for she had on buc her rusty black bonnet and shall, and had a canvas bag — her marketing tag she called it — on her arm. ' I am obliged to go out, 'm,' she whispered — 'just to the grocer's and the pork-butcher's, and to call on a neighbour over the way. I* there anything I can do for you, lire. Dark wood ?' ?Thank you, nothing.' Mrs. Sadler, scarcely breathing, crept to the couch- side. ' How is she ?' she asked. 'I can see no difference.' Mrs. Sadler shook her head mournfully. ' ' Poor littie angel ! She will not live till morning.' 'God knows!' I answered de solately. ' Well, 'm, Bob and Charlie are : both underneath' — pointing to the cat pet — ' playing cribbage. lf you ?want anything, thouqh I won't be longer than I can help, you've only to call to them at the top of the .kitchen stairs — they'll hear. And old Mr. Jones is at home too.' 'Very well. Should I want them, 1 will call them,' I replied calmly. With a sniff and a sigh the land lady vanished as noiselessly as she had appeared, murmuring — ' Oh dear — oh dear, if she'd only take and have a good fitf o' crying, it 'ud do her all the good in the ?world ! It isn't natural — it jcan't be ?—to bear up asen death like this.' \- (To be continued.) 