THE PUBLIC ENEMY— M ILWRAITH The Sydney H Bulletin*' Comment on the ' Worker' Land-crab Map. The Queensland general elections take place ia a very few weeks from this date, and then Sir Thomas M'llwraith, thejniphty svndioator, will apply to the electors —those that remain of them— to express their ap proval of his policy. If things go well with him, it will ba the apotheoais of the corpulent financier of Auchenflower, and his head will jostle with the heavens— the only heavens to which M'llwraith and his kind have ever aspired. It nas taken nun many patient years to work out the stu pendous programme which no«v seems to be on the verge of accomplishment. The cheap, commonplace politician who helped 4»-Joria_iihfi-..taiLloJL.Jtbe_pld Macalieter Cabinet, the jobbing PremiflTwho— along with Palmer and Jonah Perkins— tried to enjane^r-C^e&niai;^jejniativeL^p^lo^eti^ land -Rrant railway trausactionpand was immediately extinguished with ignominy, the loud -mouthed patriot and bogus Re publican who came back to power to be the Washington of Australia, the deserted and discredited placeman who fell from office and went toWk in obscurity, the subordi nate evil geniUB of the Coalition— these are the various phases of the M '11 wraith of the past. And out of them has been evolved the M'llwraith ot the present, a bloated and apoplectic autocrat who aspires to run a mrpano-American dictatorship in Queensland — a Guzman Blanco without his patriotism — a Barrios without a single one of his noble ideals. * * * — M'llwraith's position is unique among Australian politicians. He has abandoned his alleged republicanism ; he has practi cally dismissed his nominal master, Griffith, after utterly discrediting that traitor and wiping his boots upon Griffith's carcase; he has bought the Parliament bodily, and with its aid has disfranchised an enormous percentage of the democratic electors of Queensland ; and he would almost seem to have abandoned even the stereotyped pretence of seeking power for the good ot nfsreoonTry^ Henau abaiF' doned everything, in fact, save the work of wreaking vengeanoe upon the common people, and ministering to the hunger of the ravenous foreign land syndicates. 'This province for sale cheap'— that is the trade-mark of the M'llwraith Ministry and its hungry following # * # There have been many unscrupulous politicians in Australia's pagt history, but none like M'llwraith. Neither will there ever be any like M'llwraith in the future, for if he be returned io office there will, in the Dear future, be nothing left for hu suc cessors to squander. Compared to him, such financiers as Vogel sink into insigni ficance, and the whole race of reckless wasters, from the first beginnings of the country down to the present time, are but as the small dust in the balance. Nobody, before M*Ilwraith's time, ever conceived the idea of parting with all the available public estate of an enormous province in one act, without getting a solitary coin into the Treasury in return- The inspiration of 'selling' for nothing, in,Jee simple, enough land to make an empire, and pro feasing to confer a benefit upon the uation thereby, was so vast a treachery as to be beyond even the moBt daring of them all. If M'Dwraith remains in office for a very few years longer he may then die comfort aolyTwTthTte-ftin^-B^ranoe'-aiat hu will never be forgotten in Queensland. The curses of a ruined nation in the throes of civil war will keep his memory green when all his contemporaries are forgotten. -* * * On the preceding page will be found a full exposition of the programme on which the Queensland Dictator proposes to appeal to the nation— or, rather, that section of it which has not yet beep disfranchised by a cunningly contrived and oowardly law, pannrdJiyjyftrliffTnflniMliffiBtoTa^aHPaTr iameut which, elected as a protest against black slavery, yet had the effrontery to re enact black slavery; and which, elected also as a protest against land grant rail ways, yet deliberately dog the foundations of the biggest legislative land-steal in the world's history. It is a programme well adapted for pictorial illustration. The parts of the sketch which are coloured iWlr represent the public estate which the M'llwraith favoured land grant railway syndicates are to receive, with payment, in consideration for making their own rail ways across Queensland. The railways, when made, are to be the exclusive pro perty of the syndicates, and to be worked entirely for their benefit. The speculators who profit by this wondrous transaction do not buy their immense monopoly from the^tate-^ajnonoBOJF which, with the increase of population, will one day become an endless gold mine ; instead, they receive it gratis, and receive also about oalf the province as compensation for receiving it gratis ! The lying pretence on which this transaction is baaed is that it is no longer possible^© borrow money for construction iurposes; but if only half the proposed pants were sold in the open market they would vield enough to build all the pro posed lines as national property, three times over. As it is the country has to pay something like six times the value of the railways— and it does not even get the railways after all. The dimensions of this stupendous fraud can only be guaged by the map. It sweeps away everything except the narrow strip along the coast — which the syndicatorB and their sympa thisers and confederates already hold in their capacities as squatters and specula tors ; a few attenuated blocks sandwiched inbetween the railway-steals— which blocks the syndicatorB are even now buying up at 10s. per acre; and one death- stricken, ghost-haunted little patch of barrenness in the far North, infested by samples of nearly every malarial diseaBe, insect plague, snake and assorted reptile on earth — the trackless, sun-cursed region of Cape York, where even a syndicate would die of thirst and horror.' This^s-alHihat is left for the people of Queensland and their posterity ; the syndicates are to take the rest. Among all the men in hiBtory who have sold, or attempted -to -sell, -their countryj no one ever planned a vaster sale than this. But, after all, the Bulletin does not charge M'llwraith with selling the country. It recognises that he is merely giving it away. * * * We have alluded to the land-grant rail way project as M'llwraith's policy, and in truth he has no other. It is even open to doubb if he ever had any other. As far as can be gathered from his present attitude he cares nothing for Freetrade, Protection, Imperialism, Republicanism, Federation, sooial problems, or anything else under the Min. M'llwraith's career has revealed the hideous weakness of Parliamentary Go vernment— unless accompanied by the Referendum or some similar means whereby the people at largn can overrule their par liamentary representatives when the latter betray their trust— as it was never before revealed in Australasia, and seldom in any other land. When M'llwraith's friends came into power -for the third time they found themselves virtual masters of a legislature which was pledged almost to a man to abjure kanaka labour and land grant railways. They realised that 90 per cent, of the politicians around them would gladly go back oa their uaths if they re ceived sufficient inducement and could be guaranteed against the popular vengeance at next election. The Jure was easily found: when all Queensland was to be eaten up, there was enough inducement cuui}iig~the proHpeulivu fragiubuU lo awtty twenty such legislatures. And the most effectual guarantee against the nation's -wretrr^an pimply to diofrftnohi»o thw nation —or as much of it as eeeined likely to vote against the sale of the country into indus trial slavery. And, without the referendum or some such device whereby the nation can veto the acts of a corrupted Parliament, there was absolutely no redress, save by armed insurrection. There has been no such-treachery in Australian history be fore, yet, unless the referendum is intro ^r»e^ ft gimi^r fn^iH T^y ba pwpetrated any day in any part of this continent. * * # Whether the policy of diBfranchisement, whereby it has been sought tu convert M'llwraith into a dictator, will or will not prove absolutely effective, the coming elec tion must reveal. The Queensland Demo cracy has — so far as peaceful means are concerned— this one chance between it and utter ruin, and it must make the most of it. If one single electorate between the border and the Gulf is left unoontesteri in the Democratic interest — if onesingle Democrat who still possesses a vote fails to exercise it, the feeble chance of success is thereby ren dered a shade more feeble still, and the neglected opportunity is a crime which may never be repaired. The Democratic leaders TBttatiBBue the name pwulamatiou which, in days of old, used to call out the whole of the Saxon manhood against a common enemy: 'Let every man who is nob a nothing leave niB home and come.'-- The occasion is one when all minor differences should be sunk— when the unionist and the non-unionist, the Paraguayian pilgrim and those who have scorned the men of Lane's crusade as deserters from the cause of Aus tralia, the native and the stranger within his gates, must all unite to save the country from a brutal rape. If candidates of in telligence are scarce it matters little : what is wanted iB a reliable parliamentary leader, one or two able lieutenants, and a following whose fidelity will be proof against attack. And the programme of the party should consist of these points firat and above all things : The absolute prohibition of land grant railways : the stoppage of the Griffil .wraith land-sale policy ; the abolition of Chinese^ kanaka, Indian, and all other forms of pauper inMaigration ; the estab lishment of manhood suffrage pure and simple, the introduction of the referendum, as a guarantee against any repetition of the stupendous treachery of the Coalition ; and a nawt-iron wsohitionJihat no terms shall be made and no faith kept with M'Dwraith— that he shall be regarded as a common enemy, and that there shall be no rest nor peace until he is driven from the legisia -taee. ? ^_ * * * Let no faith be kept with M'llwraith because he has kept none. His professions that his huge scheme of railway construc tion will provide work and wages for the hungry population are a mockery; the work will be done by the coolies for whose importation arrangements have already been made in India, or by some other variety of cheap imported pauperism. The wages will be 9d. perdjenyand the slop- over of the tide of choap labour will^wamp every industry in Queensland with the black labour curse for ages to come. If the cause of Democracy goes down in the coming conflict and no other means of redress can be found, the railway syn dicates will own Queensland— its lands, its huge undeveloped mineral resources, itB banks, its newspaper press, its -means of communication, its Legislature, its Govern Trt^nfr yoiii, oven itflT*'nrtisnf jwufcina. And as for the mass, of the population, its posi tion will be that of the Bengalee ryot towards his white conqueror— equally ser vile and equally hopeless. _...?# * # These are the inevitable consequences if the Democratic party is defeated, and pro vided no other means of redress can be found, and the only other means of redress is civil war. The logical excuse for civil war lies, not in the vastness of the interests at stake, but in-the fact that the Coalition, by its manipulation; of the franchise, has deliberately deprived a great part of the nation of its right of self-government, and has reduced itelopponents to political serf dom. In abolishing a' great portion of the constituency it has violated justice a? grossly as did Charles I. when he sought to abolish Parliament and thereby started on the road to the scaffold, or Louis Napoleon when he perpetrated his famous coup d'&at.; It has, by guile and corruption, practically abolished the principle of government by the majority, and under such conditions the right of the majority to assert itself by any possible means is beyond dispute. If Premier M'llwraith will submit his rail way and kanaka policy to the popular vote under the same franchise which existed when the hist Parliament was returned, and if his propositions are endorsed by the nation, then there is nothing more to be Baid. In that case it will be merely a matter of national suicide, and the right of a community to- eommit suicide is as in defeasible as that of an individual. But otherwise he occupies the position of & usurper and a tyrant, who must be de throned. The Workeb was doubtful of Barlow's qualifications foivthe position of Minister for-Landfl-and_A&riculture;, but this was bnfore his Ipswich meeting. Mr. Barlow then proved himself to be most' fit for any thing. His colleague, Mr. Macfarlane, said that if the policy of the new Government was not Liberal, Progressive, and Econo mical, they had better bring forth no policy at all. To this Mr. Barlow, in his usual pompous, weighty, and authoritative style, replied, ' It can be altered if it doesn't suit.' He seems to look upon easy com plaisance as a virtue, and, judging from the Ministry Sir Thomas M'llwraith has selected, one would imagine that he held the same opinion. , 