THE " PLAN OF CAMPAIGN." Mr. Dillon's Statement. This much-talked-of institution came before Justice Mathew and the Euclid Tenants' Commission in Dublin. Mr. John Dillon, M.P., being examined, said he had kept a careful record of the estates on which the Plan of Campaign was adopted. In 60 cases settlements were arrived at by friendly negotiations. In another class a struggle took place, but satisfactory settlement was arrived at after some eviction or seizure had taken place. In 15 cases the landlords had won, that is to say, the tenants, against advice, had accepted the landlords' terms. At the present time, Mr. Dillon thought, 1,100 families were out under the Plan of Campaign. He had kept an accurate account of the money received and dis bursed, and now presented it. They had received inallfromtenants £41,89414s. 5d. and had returned, on settlements being effected, £30,067 16s. Id. The balance went to supporting the tenants on the Clanricarde and other estates. The tota sum received in connection with the move ment from all sources was£234,43114s. 8d. and of that they had expended £125,997 lis. 7d. ; legal expenses amounted to £11,435 14s. lOd. ; expenses of building and repairing houses for the . tenants, £50,607 9s. 7d. ; miscellaneous expenses, £17,035 5s. 9d. ; deposits returned to tenants, £30,06716s. Id. ; amounts ad vanced to tenants to enable them to obtain settlements, £1,057 13s. 9d. ; the balance £2,322 had been granted to isolated tenants. Mr. Dillon declared that there was no truth in the allegation that he pre vented settlements being arrived at. If the Act of 1887 had been passed the com bination would have been avoided. The Plan of Campaign estates were mainly concerned with questions not of arrears but abatements. He thought the govern ment should appoint a board of arbitration to settle existing disputes. He thought there muBt be about 2,500 farms vacant by eviction, and unless the government yielded to the recommendations of this commission there was a lengthened struggle before the tenants of the country. Ho settlement would pdt an end to the present horrible state of things which did not bring the old occupiers back. Death Resulting from Fright.—On December 21, 1892, a young girl of 19, named Eliza Kearns, Duffry Hill, died from, it is alleged, consequences resulting from a fright which she received owing to the " ghost-playing " pranks of some per sons as yet unknown. It appears that one evening whilst proceeding home she encountered a " ghost" who was airing himself in a sheet for the purpose of amusing, himself by frightening passers-by. Being of a very nervous temperament she got a considerable shock, the effects of which she experienced for some days after. After a week had elapsed she was attacked with intestinal inflammation, to which she succumbed on Thursday, December 21, 1892, expiring rather sud denly. The coroner was communicated with, but as the illness had heed of such -duration he did not consider the holding of.an inquest necessary. Np clue has been got to the identity of the' parries .who frightened the unfortunate girl. It is not improbable that they are juveniles, as a man .would hardly be so thoughtless as to perpetrate such a reprehensible joke, especially when the victim was a yqitog girl. -V j-. --v 