DEATH OF MR R. TUNBRIDGE. General regret man expressed yesterday when the news of the death of Mr Richard Tunbridge was known. The flags at a number of buildings in the city and town were hoisted half-mast. Mr Tunbridge, who was in his seventieth year, was a native of Ashford, Kent, and served his apprentice ship as a grocer and draper at Footscray, near London, afterwards going to the great metropolis. He came to the colony in 1853, and commenced as a timber mer chant in Melbourne. This was at the time a lucrative business, and he amassed a considerable amount of money. Mr Tunbridge returned to England, but fortune turned against him, and he again sought Victoria. On this occasion he was accompanied by his brother, Mr C. Tun- bridge. He occupied for a time the position of manager of the Lonsdale street branch of the firm of Crosbie, Clapperton, and Find lay, but shortly afterwards came to Bal- larat, and opened the New Times Boot and Clothing Warehouse, in the Main Road. This was about 1856 Subsequently, he was a member of the firm of Wallace Bros, and Tunbridge, timber merchants in the Main Road. This firm dissolved partnership, and the firm of R. and C. Tunbridge was established in Doveton street. The deceased gentleman took out an auctioneer's license about 18 years ago, and has been working in that capacity until recently. Since establishing a furniture warehouse in Lydiard street, he had built up a large business, which lately has been carried on by his sons. Many years ago Mr Tun bridge built the house which was formerly the residence of Mr W. C. Smith, and which has been latterly the Holy Ghost College. He was also the owner of the property on which Nazareth House now stands, and, on disposing of it, built his late residence in Wendouree parade. The deceased took a business trip to the old country about five years ago. For some time he bad been in indifferent health, and a fortnight ago was stricken down with an effusion of blood to the brain and.con- gestion of the lungs. Although every atten- tion was paid him by his medical advisers, Drs Ochiltree and Woinarski, he expired at about 9 o’clock on Wednesday night. The deceased leaves a widow and family of three daughters and four sons, Messrs A. R. and W. E. Tunbridge, connected with the Lydiard street firm; Mr W. H. Tunbridge, Union Bank, Cossack, W.A.; and Mr E. R. Tunbridge, also with the firm. Mr Tun bridge was generally esteemed far his good nature and genial manners, and he will be missed by a large circle of friends. The remains will be interred this afternoon in the Old Cemetery, the funeral leaving his late residence, "Ermington,” Wendouree Parade, at 4. o’clock. 