BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. The herriug fishery is very prolific just now in Norway. A rich gold-field has been diicovered in jjmialfi, Mashonaland, Africa. The Maxim gun, introduced into the Ger" mm marine, will be especially UBed from the round tops of the shipp. A chrysanthemum exhibition, in which 800 varieties were represented by 100 proprietors, was held at Llegnilz on 2nd November. The Baiigewerk Zeitung calculates the num ber of unoccupied houses in Berlin at present at 40,000. Retrenchment is given the cause. For the monument of Emperor William I, on Kyffanhanser, to which former German soldiers contribute, 476,804 marks have been collected, A rich American has constructed a floating dwelling-house, with elegance and comfort. He intends with his family to make a voyage round the world. The Canadian Government has sold the Montmorency tails, rushing down 242ft., to a syndicate which will use the water power for electric purpose?. Quebec is 15 miles distant. A great poBtal telegraph office is about to be erected at the corner of Broadway and Murraystreet, New York, opposite the City-hall Park. The buildir g will be 13 stories high, and will cost j£150,000. Biron Hiroch's first report on his emigration plan ot Russian Jews shows that 330,000 acres have been bought for them in Argentina, of which 180,000 acres are cultivated, and 1000 families settled on them. Carbolic acid, which, for the last 20 yearsi was much employed as a curative, begins, according to tbe journal Hyegiea, to be generally disliked. When used oa poultices it destroys the red and white blood-globules. The committee elected to investigate the Immigration of poor people into the United States ot America, has ascertained that io 1891 over 200,000 declared Socialists, of whom the greater part are poor, have arrived from Italy in America. During the Columbus celebration In Madrid* a geographical congress was also held, at which, in addition to 324 Spanish deputies, there were present 60 Portuguese and 70 South Americans, Eight important suljectB were ventilated. The richest nation io the world, in proportion to population, are the Cherokee Indians, who lately concluded a treaty with the United Siatea of America for tae sale of 622,000,000 acres of land at 1 42&1ol. per acre, the race counting only 30,000 heads. The Emperor William sent .£2500 to lb devoted to the maintenance of orphans at Hamburg who have lost their parents by the cholera. The Senate decided that the whole amount should be given over to the distress committee to form a special fund. A concluding remark made by the German Chancellor, Count Caprivi, in tbe Reichstag a short time ago, was leceived with great applause :—" There is no nation in Europe which in the luture carrying on of war has eo many excellent qualities as the German." A large.grave has been discovered in the neighborhood of the small town of Pillkallen, containing the remains of u number of French eoldiers who fell durine the campaign of Napoleon I. in 1807. The uniforms and weapons are in a state of excellent preservation. ^Iie increase in the-number of lunatics nnder care in Ireland still causes perplexity to the medical authorities. Tear by year the numW has been steadily rising. Iu 1880 it was 249 in every hundred thousand ot tbe population ; it was last year 355 per hundred thousand. At Bremerhafen a cosily extension of the old harbor works is to be taken in hand. The expenditure will he about £800,000. There will be about 2000ft. of new embankments, end a new lock having a length of 650ft. The North German Hovd Shipping Company will tales 6 j £ 2 °' 0 0 ° a n n t t a l , y i n e x t ™ harbor The bicycle manufactory has become a very X ? ? b ; a r j c h o f i^mtry. There are at present in Germany 60 manufactories, each producing yearly 2000 to 5000 bicyc'es. equal b e i n* "Ported to France, Holland, Denmark, Austria, Italy, and Russia! Lll Production in Germany is estitested at 30,000, and demand increasing. WaL M ?- 'i P ° Roomania in ibSSt B C h 'u B ° t h e c a y i t a l f ^at tele- U f f i 0 i f t l , GalS2 ®H R T T ope^d at the towns h h 0 a 8 o f the fanny P«bavaU thpm i i to fir rl 8 t h a t t h M B ? « \- new invention must 6 1 6 8 o f t h i s t h e p e r e o n t h e* w i s h wls£ ' h e r p° » telegram ot other- 8t T o r k h a a t h« disfaws a T oial chain of office of the 17th /< ra P a n P offi ) At the beginning 0n n e w 8 a e r iI»yor and u * the then " t ° e d t o t h e i i down e o f to each b e n h f t n d e d ^CopSm 8 8 8iRQ that 6he haB " ' lfovember o 2[ 885^. *' Ocrntts of up the e clorV the i!!. j? S t f a n «eduty t it is to Wtw o5e of the tif j' w w t , 0 w t ! L work, o m o l e t e d Weights, w h i c h w e { h b 8001b., fell through the'timber supports of the clock, afterwards crashing through the tower staircase. The winder, had a narrow eBcape. Happily, no one was hurt. Mr. G'adstone has, for the eecond time, narrowly escaped being run over in Piccadilly. He was crossing the road at about 6 o'clock on November 17, and, walking rapidly without looking about him, stepped under the horses of a West Kensington omnibus. The vehicle had just swung round the comer from Ragentstreet. The driver, with commendable alertness, pulled the horses up on their haunches, and the Premier passed on to the pavement. The American prac'ice of removing stand ing houses whilst the inhabitants cook quietly their dinner, has been beaten in Germany by a "Hocholen" (smelting furnace) with ap pnrtpnance», viz., a weight of more than 100,000 fciloB, being lifted two and a half metres. The firm,G. Fo'zar and Sons, undertook tbe venture. It required a preliminary work of five days. The herculean task of lifting was completed in five hours, without any mistake. At a meeting of medical students held in Paris on November 22, it was decided to abstain from all demonstrations in the streets, and to demand the reinstatement of their comrade Salmon, and the establishment of a special jurisdiction for the settlement of disputes hetween tbe students and tbe administration. Unless satisfaction is given to these demands another meeting will be held (says a telegram of November 23) to consider the question of going out on strike. Though Japan has some 37 war vessels, only about 20 can be used in time of war. She has also 1173 mercantile steamers and 96 sailing ships, but only 50 of these steamers and three sailing ships can carry over 500 tons. China, on the other hand, possesses 47 men-of-war, their total tonnage amounting to some 67,000 Again, the total number of men-of-war of England, France, Garimny, Russia, and America stationed in the East is estimated as 77, and their aggregate tonnage 86,807. Mr. Henry Tate, who has renewed through the Chancellor of tbe Exchequer (Sir William Harcourt) his offer to present his valuable collection of pictures to tbe nation, is one of tbe most generous men of the day. He made his fortune as a sugar-refioer, and he takeB care to spend liberally for the benefit of others. Liverpool has benefited largely by his benefactions, and the Free Library in Lambeth wae, it may be remembered, endowed by him. Mr. Tate lives in a fine mansion at Streathnm. It has been determined (says the Pall Mall Gazette) that the English pilgrimage to Rome shall start from London on Tuesday, February 14, and arrive in Rome on the following Friday. The pilgrims will only make a brief stay ID the Eternal City, and will be back in London on the following Friday, March 3 Very fav arable terms of transit have been arranged, and it is expected that there will be a very large company. The Duke of Norfolk is taking an active part in the arrangements. In summing up the recent Canadian census, Mr. Johnson, the official statistician, declares that Canada is shown by these returns to be the healthiest country of any which have statistics of deaths, excepting two or three of the colonies of the AustralianjiGroup ; that it is not surpassed in this regwd even by the Australian continent as a whole; and that the deaths of children under twelve months are fewer in Canada than in other countries, excepting Norway, New Zjaland, Scotland, Sweden, and Ireland. The Fiji Tmeasays:—"The Revs, Frederick Lingbam and Henry Worrall met with an un usual experience recently, when, owing to tbe tempestuous state of the weather and the con sequent breakage of a small portion of the machinery in the mission launch, they were compelled to remain on board that little craft the whole night, exposed to the by no mean« propitious elements. After a four miles' walk on the next day, up to their knees in water, they made a native town, and so effected arrangements foe a return to their respective homes." The little village of Berated, near Bognor, poeseBses a unique curiosity in the form of an ion room papered with postage stamps. The apartment is fancifully decorated with many descriptions of used stamps, and even tbe passage leading to tbe room is similarly papered. Some five years were occupied in making the collection, which numbers some thousands of stamps. Tbe room having been completed in 1887, it was naturally given tbe name of the " Jubilee Stamp Room." Indeed, some members of the Royal Family, interested in the collection, are said to have added to it a number of stamps on their own account. At tbe city of London summons court, Jas. Nichol Blaine was summoned for carrying an umbrella by way of an Advertisement without the permission of the Oity Commissioners. The defendant did not appear, but a gentleman came forward and produced the umbrella He said the defendant was in his employ, but just taken on casually, and could not he fonnd. Police-constable 514 said he saw the defendant carrying a large umbrella upon which was painted, " Bead the Bab Ballads." It was a fine day, and consequently there was no need to carry an open umbrella. Alderman Dimsdale dismissed the summons upon payment of costs. In America experiments are being made with elliptical bicycle wheels. The owners of tbe elliptical wheels state that they have found them of grest edvantage in climbing hills. The prime o' j.-ct was to overcome the dead Centra M mush m possible. They discovered that the readiest way to do this wrs to contract the dead centre and expand the working surface, and it was from this idea that the elliptical wheel originated. It is asserted that with a given 6urtace in tbe elliptical form a rider h^amore surface to work upon, and more time in which to do his *vork than is afforded in the same surface oi* a round wheel. Whatever regret may be felt at the retireraent of President Harrison, it is paid that few will be sorry for the deposition of hie son from his self-assumed position of" Prince." This is the young gentleman who modestly informed a Transatlantic journalist " that he was a sort of a kind ot a prince, vou know—like your own Wales, yon know." Originally a clerk in the Assay Office at Helena, Montana, when his father was elected President he went E isf, and purchased an interest in an illustrated journal. His presuming behaviour, however, Boon disgusted everybody, and it is now suspected that in many wavs he contributed to the present " Republican Waterloo." The circumstance is worth recording, in connection with tbe refusal of Mr. Andrew Lang Bnd Mr. J. M. Banie to undertake a lecturing tour in America, that not long ago repeated overtures from Transatlantic agencies were presented to the three most widely known Eoglishmen of the centurv, r<questing tbem to address audiences in the principal cities of the United States. It is some years now since Mr. Gladstone definitely relinquished the thought of crossing the Atlantic ; and long before the decease of Charles Haddon Spurgeon and of Lord Tennyson—to both of wb.om requests from Transatlantic agencies were simewhat persistent — tbe invitations bad csased. A most extraordinary occurrence is reported from Wrexham. A child inmate of the workhouse died the other day, and a ccffia was procured as usual from the contracting undertaker. In due time this coffin was conveyed from the workhouse to the cemetery and there interred, a clergyman of the Church of England officiating. Some time afterwards the body of the child wan discovered at the workhouse, tbe empty cc.ffin having been buried. The cemetery authorities were communicated with, the coffin disinterred, and the body of the child placed in it, and it was again consigned to the grave. The affair caused considerable sensation, and an inquiry into the cause ot the mistake was ordered. The story of the Gaekwar of Baroda'u rise from the ploughshare to the throne sounds like a romance (remarks an English newspaper) After the deposition of Mulhar Rao, the Indian Government decided to allow Jomnabai, tbe childless widow of tbe previous Gaekwar, to follow the Hindu custom in regard to the succession ; and after very careful inquiries concerning tbe habits and surroundings of her various relatives, Jumnabai intimated her desire to adopt the son of a cultivator, who belonged to a collateral branch of the family. The choice was approved by the Government, and the youth was taken from the fields, and placed under English tutors. He proved an apt scholar, and has since justified his selection. An interesting little item (says the Polyne- sian Gazette) reached us during the week. It appears that a F jian had a large quantity o kava to sell, and took it to Ba, where he was f offered 91, a lb. for it. The article being in great demand there, the purchaser thought that be had " struck a patch," and, to bind the bargain, took a sale note from the vendor. When it came to the weighing of the grog, however, much to the discomfiture of the purchaser, tbe wily native produced his own scales in the shape of a 2lb. corned beef tin, nicely relieved in all its original label but that part upon which the weight was printed. Whether tbe vendor took the veniee for an ass, or vice versa, has not leaked out, but the grog is there yet. An eccident, by which three persons well known in Turkish high life met their deaths by drowning in particularly distressing circumstances, occurred at Constantinople on November 23. Kemal Bey, son-in-law of the late Mt z'iar Pasha, prefect of tbe city, with two friends, hired a carriage at Stamboul to convey the party to Pera. Tbe coach'man is believed to have been inebriated, as, driving at a fnrious pace, be ran over a watchman at the outset of his journey, and, reaching the bridge connecting Stamboul with Galata, rapidly passed on to it, unheedful of the warn- ings shouted to him that the bridge was open. In a few minutes the opening was reached and the carriage with its three occupants, the coachman, and a servant of Kemal Bey, seated on the box, were precipitated into the water. Several boats at once made for the spot, and succeeded in rescuing the coachman and the servant. Nothing was seen of Kemal Bey and his unfortunate companions, who, imprisoned as they were in the carriage, had no chance of escape. An elderly gentleman has lately been vexing the Lord Chief Justice and other eminent English Judges by various applications on behalf of Mrs. Mav brick. He has been identified as a Scottish litigant who has spent bis fortune in mite. For many years pant" Dundonnachie"—to give Alexander Robertson, who confronted Baron Pollock and Lord Justice Hawkins in the Court of Q leen'e Bench, the sobriquet by which be is beet known in the northern portion of tbe kingdom—has been en habitue of the courts of justice in Parliamenttquare, EHnburgh (nys tbe Pall Mall Gamette), It is considerably over two decades since " Dofldonnnchiewbioh was tbe name of his Perthshire eataty—appeared is tbe Soot* tish Court of Session to contest a right of way in tbe neighborhood of Dunkeld claimed by the ducal proprietor. Losing his cause, " Dundonnacbie " persisted year after year in attempting personally in court to open tbe case, until latterly, having lost ell his possessions in litigation, he became the champion of forlorn causes in tbe northern capital. Mr. H. H. Derine, lord of the manor of Baddeslev Clinton, Kingswood, Warwickshire, who has just died (writes the Lmelon Globe), came of an ancient family, few families being able to boast of higher lineace. It is on record that the Ferrers and the Derings fought on rival sides at the Battle of Hastings, and the coats of arm3 of the various branches are to be seen emblhzoned on the window of th« hall, and on the walls of Baddesley Clinton Church, tracing back their history for generations. Baddesley Clinton Hall is one of th* ehow places of Warwickshire, and has a somewhat unique history. It has been in the possession of the Ferrers family for nearly 500 year*, and during the whole "f that long period hasD^ver been owned by a Protestant master. Tiie Ferrers have remained true to the ancient C nholic faith through the long line of their descent aid through centuries of trouble and trial. &?an r convents and monasteries have been founded by them. The hall will remain in tbe possession of Mrs. Daring for life, and will then pass to Mr. Henry Ferrerp, her nephew. Here is a ghost story which (says the London correspondent of the Manchester Courier) m*y be commended to tbe Psychical Society. A gevitleman arrived one evening on a visit for the first time to an old country house. As he was going upstairs to change for dinner, he observed an elft<?rly man, dressed in the cos- tume of tbe 18 h century, come down one passage, walk aloDg another, and enter an open door. The occurrence struck him as beirg peculiar, and at dinner he mentioned it to one of the daughters of tbe house. Sbe appeared much interested, and questioned him minutely as to the features and costume of the »pparition. Later in the evening he was taken into a room, led up to a picture, asked, "Do you see any resemblance?' The likeness was exact, Bnd he then learned that the original of the prr trait was an admirrtl wbnlai died in his country's service in 1720 or thereabout". Still more strangely, tbn gallant Biilor had been reported to " walk " ahout 50 years ago, but had apparently censed his peripatetic habits until seen by this perfect stranger. Tbe Daily News cites a striking example of Russian puperstition. A few dare rgo 11 persons were charged before the Criminal Crurt at Moscow with the murder of an old wntnan in tbe village of Snamenekoe. Dim Vasillieva, a destitute widow, aged 75, besought alms from a neighbor, Lukeria Ivanavna, who alleges that whilst her son was handing bread to the medicant tbe latter cast upon h<»r an " evil and vicious glance." Some few hours later Lukeria was seized with an epileptic fit, and on regaining consciousness swore that her disremper was the result of the old woman's witchery. This allegation was readily accepted by the villagers, wbo next day an'j cted the reputed witch to an old-fashioned test. A horse-collar wbh placed over the neck ri Lukeria end tho old woman forcihiv hroneht into her prewrce, when the former had another epileptic se zure, or, probably, an attack cf hvsteria, genuine : or simulated. This was proof positive of tbe p or creature's diabolical pospeesion, and she was thereupon drapped by the hair into the roadway and maltreated in a most shockingly cruel manner, two of her most active and brutal assailants being the vlUa?e elder aid He village rcribe. The victim was left for dead ; but, subsequently showing signs of life, sbe wss carried by a second mob of the villagers into a by-lare and beaten to death. All the prisoners atcntly maintained their right to kill a witch. Five of them were sentenced to the loss of civil rights and to four years' hard labor, and the reBt to two months' imprisonment. A remarkable act of heroism hps just received from the Royal Humane Society its proper and adequate reward, reports the London Daily Telegraph. Daring last September tbe sailing cutter of Her Majesty's ship Swallow was cruising off the Zirzibar Island, when two men of the crew jumped into the sea to have a bathe. One ot these, a seaman called Lawford, was pursued by a large shark, and, in order to rescue his comrade, Thomas M'Dsrmott, chief boatswain, without a moment'e hesitation plunged as he was into tbe water. It appears that his leap landed him right on top of the shark, which was so alarmed by the splash and the unexpected impact of a heavy body that it made eff, *nd gave time for the rest of the crew to draw both the rescued man and his preserver into the boat. The befflad shark may be easily excused for thinking that discretion was the better part of valor when it found itself attacked in eo orthodox a fashion. Ae is well known, these carnivorous fishes turn on their backs when they are preparing to ewallow their prey, for the simple reaBon that their months are Bet somewhat low down on tbe under side, and it has more than once happened that a desperate sailor hee succeeded in plunging a weapon into their bellies jast as they torn to open their j*we. Rarely, we should imagine, has n Bhark felt tbe whole weight of an able-bodied British seaman on his back, when all its energies are enmgrd in the ardour of pursuit; and Thos. M'Darmott may boast that he bus not only taved his friend, but has come off victorious in tbo most novel ercounter that has tytr been recorded between man and fish. 