AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. /',- ? _J ? i T^HE Australian aborigines have ncuriora Vt' myth with regard to tbe origin of water. They say that originally there waa no water in Australia. They got along ? very comfortably without it till one day somo adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was held, and they deter mined to apply to the oJdest and wisest inhabitant as to the course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerabio native: listened to their complaint and told themi that the water was contained in £he atomaiU of a gigantic toad which lived in it cave at tho top of one of their highest mountains. All that was required' — was to make bim langb, when the water would run out erf hia mouth. Another great consultation was held, when it wa» decided that all the animals should be asktd ' to give their co-operation to obtain the; desired result. This they readily agreed Co, and natives and animals repaired in a fTreait body to the toad's mountain to try their powers in the way of laugh-raising. The first to make tho essay was the as3. He brayed eo loud that ho might havo been a , demagogue expatiating on the crimes of the classes as against tho virtues of tho masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked hia heels into thp air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them beforo, he .cut tho most fantastic capers, all to no use, and the toad did not so much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen tbe donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a self-satisfied airas though he and I10 alono knew tho secret of bow to make tho toad laugh. But alas for the vanity of feathered aspirations, hia crowing ami flapping of wings had no more cflect than b» predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One after the other all the animals, birds, and fishes tried their best to raise a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody wus beginning to j despair came the eel wriggling along on the ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its contor tions. Seeing this tho eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on his head and hia tail. Those watchiag the gigantic toad saw the muscles oi his mouth begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a Eingle knot ant! walked solely 011 his head ? Lo ? and behold the toad smiled, and out of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing this the eel redoubled hia efforts, he twisted himself into a doublo knot and walked jauntily along on his hoad and tail. This extraordinary performance was too much ior the toad, ho opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a mighty torrent down the mountain-side, and spreading over tho country formed rivers, lakes, and pools ; aud down, too, came tho natives, rejoicing that at last they would have an abundance of water. ±ne ioriowing siory snows mat gnosw* can be vindictive in Victoria, and resent meddling with the body they once inhabited. A mau travelling in thecountry of a friendly tribe came upon a deserted habitation. Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in tho direction the family had taken, and all round about tlie place pieces of bark covered with white clay, indicating a death. Ho found tracks lead ing to a tree in which he soon discovered u dead body. Anxious tc know who had died he laid down his rug and weapons at tbe foot of the trto and ascended it. Oi- removing the opossum rug from the fact he found that it was a friend. He wept for a long time, then went away. Ho had not gone for when he heard some magpies making a great noise, as though they saw something strange. Ho turned round to sec what it, v.as and to his terror saw the ghost of the deceased come down and follow him. Ho was so terrified he could not move, but managed to address it in these terms : ' Why do you frighten me when I have coino to see you and never did you any harm ? ' It never spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his back with its nails, and then returned to the tree. When ho reached liij friends he told thera what had happened, showed them his hack lacerated and bleed ing ; nnd said he had a presentiment- that something bad would befall him before lon-r. Ac the next meeting of the tribes he w:. - speared through the heart. — Behjravi'i. 