YENS O THE OCEAN. The Haunted Ship Josie Gunby and Her Swedish Mate. A CRY OF "STAND FROM UNDER!" The Three Sailors who Made an Unholy Conmpact with Satan, and low the IBrightest of the Lot Outwitted His Sotanic t Majesty. The first of the yarns here set out wis told on shipboard by a tar of the name of King, who said that once on a time he .fhipped on the good ship Josfe Gunby from New York to Valpamtisu. She was laden with Yankee notions and had fair weather all the way, but the "goings on" on that vessel were something awful, according to King. - The first thing of it miysterious fin toure that haippened was known to King only and consisted of the bell ringing itself just as King was absnt to seound "eigbt hells." King was frightened, of course, but lie couldn't get any one to believe his story. In fact, the boys guyed him unmercifully. A fortnight later, however, they all saw somnething terrible, and the first mnate lost his life. The story in detail in the tar's own words and presented by the Atlanta Constitution runs as follows: "It was near the line. The sea was as smooth as a duck pout. Every rag o' ?avas wias set, but there was hardly enough wind to keep themt from flapping. All on a sudden, just its I was feassing under the inainyard, eoclleto sttp tall-ttt?C ooit. "OwI dack thites, atand fromn underl' The second mate had thie watch and asked mne who timt-, .wn nloft. I told hinm I did tnot know, tand he cent me up to see about it. I went, think ing s-ome o' the boys was putting up a job on mte anid ihad gone aloft to get up another ghost story. Up I went to the nitintop, fbuat I could find nobody. I come down the ratlines four at a time. How I ever got down without falling is more'n I can tell, 'c?aise I was thaiit skeered I couldn't stop to think how I dun it. We woke the watch. 'The second Ima:teiand everybody (tine except ed, for one trip was enough) went aloft to see about it, nid they ditdn't find nothing either. T'hat kinder put them a-thinking, 'cause the mate swore he heartil he satne thing I did. Well,all nextdayboth watches were cussing aind disclssing that sing out aloft, aind the next night the port watch were laying for something too. .Just ex netly at tie csante titme o' nigfht that ?ane thing suting out, 'On deck there, stand front underl' They searched aloft, but found no mnore n what we did. That thing llappened every night at tlhe s?tnte time for niigh two weeks. BIy and by the first mate, a big, doable jointed Swede, said he would find out anbout what it was or join the goonies trying. So the next night, just at the right time, all tlhe watch were huddlted together under the break o' the poop n-lis tening, and the samte lonesome, skeery voice sung out, 'Oi deck there, stand fromnt underl' The men were too skeered to breathe hard, and that first mante wais mighty nigh as ibad, but he kinder squared hisself and reared out as loud as hlie could bawl: 'let go, you sodt of ai sea cook, let go. Conte down on deck, you lubber, and exer cise your lungs!' "iattis, l'nm not given to lying, as you all kinow, and I ain't going to lie now,, but so help my rheumatic bones if that thing didn't let go, and 1 thought that every spar on the itnimast had carried away at one time. Itlattlety-bang-whiz -whooip-and there struck on dteck rigiht side of thlat first mate a coffin just his size. We uti up to him just in time to see the cofflin scoop himn in and jump right over the side, first mate and all, nor did we ever catch sight of them agaitL. There weren't no uoone ghosts on thit trip though." TE1 EVIL ONE AT SK%. When King had finished this story there tWas gellral incrediillit.y, aId llnother sailor uaned liednarsky was asked for a yarn. lie told of three sailors (brothers) who were left without money in London. "One itornitn?," said llcdnarsky, "all of -thenm were strolling down the street auni in arm wishing for as few cents to get an eye opener, having swollen heads from previous rapid existence. They cantme upon a nicely dressed man of middle age who accosted them, and after he had leanled of their condition told them he was the devil, and that lie could and would supply them all the money tley wanted under one condi tion, which lie explained as follows: "'You mnay have all tile monlley you can possibly dispose of. Put your hand in your pocket is often its you like for any amuount, and it will always he there. At the end of three years, however, I dean:u:d your soul; but even then if any one of you can wish mie to do anything which I cannot performn you shall be spared.' "It was agreed to by each one, and imme diately they were abounding in wealth. Shall I describe how that three years was spent? No, but suffice it to say that every possible luxury that money could obtain was indulged in. The three years flew by like a single day. The donor kept a strict aiccoiiunt, however, and upon the proper day he called on the three brothers for an -c counting. The first asked for the creation of a full rigged ship and was gratified. The second asked that his tuassive mansion ie annihilated in thirty seconds, and this was done. "Both of them lost their souls, of course. "The third and youngest brother still held to his ro?ning life upon the sea, and at the expiration of the third year was on a pleasure trip in a magnificent yacht far out at sea lie was not out of reach of the evil onDue, however, and was called upon to wish and die. i-e called the crew on deck and uhad a pump rigged amidships, with thesuic tion pipe over one side of the vessel aind the dischatrge pipe orer the other, and denuuld id the devil to pump all the water frol onle side 6d the ship over to tile other side. The devil looked puzzhl, scratched his ihead and vanished-outwitted. "That man is still sailing in his yacht, enjoying the immense wealth he :got through the evil spirit." About that time the officer of the deck spperedndpssed the word, 'Stand sine d le. 