TEE POPE'S JUBILEE. ADDRESS PROM THE HIBERNIAN SOCIETIES. There ia now on view at the office of Mr. I). Young, the district secretary of the Ade-, Jaide branch, of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, Morialta Chambers, Victoria-square, a joins address which is to be presented to bi3 Holiness the Pope on the occasion of his Episcopal Jubilee from all the Hibernian societies in Australasia The address is a magnificent work of art. It is in large book form and is elaborately bouid in morocco. The Rev. J. O'Malley, S.J., of Melbourne, j drew up the address in Latin printed on vellum, and the following is a translation of the text:— "Address of the H.A.C.B. Society to his Holiness Pope Leo XIII.—Most Holy Father—For 50 years you have been, like another Joseph, overseer in the House of the Great King. The nations have wildly raged, and God has permitted you to endure heavy affliction. But He has been pleased to afford you some alleviation of your griefs in the love of your children, and in their strenuous and continuous efforts to propagate and defend the faith of Christ. Deign to hear what we, the least of your children, have done I in the vineyard of the Lord. In this most i important city, in the year 18G5, 13 Irishmen proposed to themselves to deliver their fellow citizens from the danger of joining any of those societies condemned by the Church. For this end they founded a society which should offer every advantage to be found in any other. To-day it embraces 7 districts, 170 branches, 10,700 members. To relieve sick or poor mem bers and widows and orphans of deceased it has an annual income of £30,000, and a re serve fund bearing interest of £65,000. But mindful of the commands of Christ we seek first the Kingdom of God. Each one who seek3 admission must produce a certificate from a priest that he frequents the sacraments and leads a good life, and we are all bound to receive Holy Communion in a body twice a year. Although our society is non-political we cherish the warmest love for the venerable Isle of Saints which for three centuries shed its blood lavishly to preserve immacu late the faith it had received from St. Patrick. It is known to all that a powerful aid to the young against the indifference, unbelief, and impiety of the day, wbioh it is impossible to avoid coming in con- j tact with, is this love of our native land, and that he who blushes at the name of Irishman ] is very likely to blush at the name of Christ. The greatest glory of the Irish race is that our fathers during that long night of darkness and horror did and suffered Buch great things for Jesus Christ. Four years ago your Holiness, at the request of our president, blesaed our society. We beseech you to bless it again on this auspicious occasion." On the outside corner is a large cross tinged with red and the words—"To our Mo3t Holy Father Pope Leo XIII., from his loving children, the members of the H.A.C.B.S. of Australasia, 1893." On opening the address the interior presents a beautiful appearance, being richly embellished. On the left hand side is a figure of his Holiness. Forget-me nots are interwoven with shamrocks, while there is a fair sprinkling of St. J oseph's lilies. Below is a large painting of St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. In the centre is dis played the Papal coat of arms, and on the right hand side is the insignia of the Pope's office—the tiara, stole, and missal. Then there is a chalice representing the Holy Eucharist, four beautiful pictures typical of the important incidents in the life of Christ— Hi3 birth, crucifixion, resurrection, and ascen sion. Shamrocks interwoven with wattle blossom are distributed profusely, and are symbolical of the union which still binds the sons' of Erin to their native land, though "seas may possibly divide." On the right corner appears pictures of the Sacred Heart of Jesus and the Sacred Heart of Mary, while in the left corner there is a representation of our Lord crowned with thorns. Underneath the picture of the Blessed Virgin is a thurifer giving forth incense, and above the head of the Mother of God is a • dove symbolical of the Holy Ghost. Paintings of Sb. Stephen's Cathedral, Brisbane, Sb. Joseph's, Dunedin, St. Patrick's, Mel bourne, and St. Francis Xavier's, Adelaide, are also included. The borders of the address right round are imprinted with the trefoil. The work has been executed by Messrs. Fer- I gus3on & Mitchell, of Melbourne, according to the design of Mr. A. Ashley, artist of that city. The address has been forwarded from Melbourne to all the Australasian colonies for signature by the executive of the Hibernian societies. Messrs. G. G- Hanlon, D.P., P. F. Keogb, D.V.P., H. Hill, D.P.P., J. C. Healy, D.T., D. Young, D.S., attached their names to the testimonial- on behalf of the societies in this colony. The address will be conveyed to Rome by Cardinal Moran, who is about to pro ceed tbither to take part in the jubilee cele brations in the Eternal City. His Eminence will also take a congratulatory address to the Pope from the clergy of Australasia. The address will be on view for a few days prior to its being returned to Melbourne. 