THE STORY OF ANDREW FAIRFAX. By JOSEPH HOCKING, Author ol "Elrad the Hie," " Jabes Easterbrook," " Zillah," &o.; BOOK I.—FINDING HI8 WORK. CHAPTER V. THI OLD LLFB AND TEE NEW. Self-reverence, self-knowledge, telf-oontrol. These three altme lead life to sov'reign power, If el not for power (power of herself Would come uncalled for), bat to lire by law. Acting the law we lire by without fear, And, because right is right, to follow right Were wisdom m the scorn of consequence. — IENNYSON. Neither a basinew nor a literary life looked ' attractive on the following morning. A November fog had set in, making the dark street in which he lived look darker than ever. Andrew had left his old home a fortnight before with but little doubt that he should succeed somehow, determining that whatever happened ha would never seek assistance from those who had cast 1pm oat on the world. But that was before he tried to fight life's battle tor himself. Now he locked at things differently. Business life was impossible to him; he ooold not get a footing in it, at any rate unaided,'while his dream began to lose its ray hues. He saw that a position on the literary staff of any respectable paper was out of the question, while to do the work Mr. Finns had suggested was altogether opposed to his ideas of a-literary life. And yet he longed, intensely longed, to write. Sorely, surely there must be a possibility for him to olimb, somehow, to the height he desired. 'Why could he not write a novel, a real work, deputing theatnggles, the sorrows, the joys of life, at the same time holding up a glorious ideal, and thus lead the thousands whom he hoped would read his book to higher realms of thought and life t It WM • beautiful picture he drew, bringing colour into his face and light into his eyes. But then, what had he to tell the world? To dream was all very w«U; but when the dream was translated into aofeual life what was it worth? His knowledge of life wae small, his vision as ' to life's possibilities was bat little larger. His dream was only t dream—yet he had not really seen life. Humanity WM * book whose pages he had not read. And yet the longing remained. He thought of his old friends. Why could he not go and tell his story ? Some of them would understand him, and woold think none the lese tf him for the revelation ol his birth. He had done nothing to be ashamed of. He could not help being the son of a hardworking farmer. Besides, then was no disgrace in it. He was the same whatever his ' Esther might be. Some of the families he had known were influential—fibay could use their infloenoe aad thus secure bim a position from whioh he ooold work out his ideas concerning fife. Be might be a tutor or companion to some young gentleman, with wfaam he would \- iav» plenty of spare time, sod ft as write his novel. Then when he had gained* reputation he would be able to make his own terms, both with society and publishers. He might haw to sacrifice his pride, and give up his Qoixotio notions, but sorely that would be better than to gather scraps of news for the Soho Timet, for which he was to get five shil- lings a week. Be had been reared in luxury, and this question of money was constantly Bailing him. He put on his coat and went towards Piccadilly. Ashe walked along the Strand he saw that the fog was. lifting, and the son was trying to pierce the bloods. By the time he reached Piocadilly Circus the light had increased ; evidently the day was swing to be bright. By the time he reached Hyde Park gates he felt as though he wen Andrew Bernard cmoe EQOTB, ftBu that the pant fortnight had been a carious dream. Heeaw tbeczowda who bad gathered in the patk, and as he ' walked along he became intonated in watching the carriages. He sauntered along Bottenxow, and looked to see if among the ladies and gentlemen on horseback then were any he . knew. Presently his heart gave a leap. Passing dose beside him was the Barnard carriage, containing-Mrs. Bernard, Wilton, and Isabel. His eyesmet theirs, but they gave no sign of recognition, save dial a awaking smile wreathed Wilton's lips as if to tell him that a great gulf lay between them. Andrew clenched his fists and set his teeth. He had expected nothing else, but it was hard to bear, and be almost regretted having «ome so far west. Still he crashed the bitter ' feelings that rose in his heart, and made up bis "mind to call at the house of one of bis old friends, who he knew was in a position to help him. He was not long in reaching Couanght-tqnare, aad as he stood at the door of a stately house be almost forgot that he was Andrew Fairfax who bad taken a dingy nam at seven andsixpenoea week in a narrow street at the buck of the Strand. When the •door was opened, however, he realized it very keenly. Over-sensitive, he thought he saw an insolent grin an the servant's face, and when told that Mr. Gilbert was not at home he re- . garded it at a dismissal from the house. As a matter of faot the gentleman he sought was not at home, while the supposed insolent grin an the servant's face was simply owing to a flirtation he had been having with the fat cook. Andrew knew nothing tof this, however, and he walked through the park in anything but a good Ipunr. A few minutes later he met an old acquaintance. Not that they had been friendly, for the young man, Elfrad Steele by nam& was a suitor for Isabel Bernard's hand, ana was always madly jealous of Andrew. Moreover, he was an effeminate puppy, and was Klad of an opportunity of venting his spleen •gainst a man who, he waa sure, had despised him. At this time, however. Andrew would gladly bave shaken hands with him, he waa ao'knely Mid downhearted. .As soon as be saw him, therefore, he rushed up to him with outstretched hand, and, for- getting for the minnte the probability of coolness, said heartily— " Holloa, Steele, old fellow, how are you 1" Steele, however, did not see the hand- He stepped back slightly, then, taking oat his eyeglass, he deliberately adjusted it, and stared at Andrew as though he wen a cariosity. After that he walked on without saying a word. Andrew did not see another person in Hyde Fade. He dashed through it as though the Furies wen at bis heels. He saw neither oahs nor bosses as be hurried along Piccadilly, • down Leicester-square, through Trafalgaraquan into the Strand, and from thence to the dingy room. He was too excited, too indignant. After that he would rather have died than ask a favour of his former West-End acquaintances. The truth was Elfr&d; Steele had been acting according to instructions. Isabel Bernard had told him if ever he met Andrew to out him, as be had no claim to be recognised as • gentleman, and Steele, like a fsithfol slave tohis lady's whims, had obeyed. That morning's experience waa the decisive point in Andrew's life. Had he been met kindly, and had some of his old friends offered to help him, it is not probable I should bave been asked to write his life. But it was otherwise. Not that many would not have gladly given him the position he wished, for he had been respected and loved by most who knew him. He knew nothing of this, however. Over-sensitive, he fancied himself despised and ridiculed,-and so he vowed that, whatever might happen, he would never again go to the West End for help. When he arrived at his " little den," as he called it, he sat down and wrote a letter to Mr. Pinns, telling him that he accepted his \- offer, and would be glad to call on him when convenient. "Anyhow, I am going to begin at ithe bottom of the ladder," he said to himself when he had finished the letter. "What will the end be, I wonder? What shall •takeout in life?" After addressing the letter to the little hotel in whioh Mr. Pinns was a permanent resident, he sat down and tried to compose a story, but he found that bis pen, like the wheels of Pharaoh's chariot, "drove heavily." He felt a great deal, but somehow he could not put his feelings into words. His thoughts came rapidly, but he could not centralize them. As we have seen, he had great ideas concerning literature, but no burning question appealed to him for solution, no great abuse appeared to bim demanding that he should tell out to the world what was a disgrace to civilization. He read and reread the preface of Wilkie Collins'a most popular story, in which that writer declared that it should be the novelist's ohief aim to tell a story, and that everythinj; else should take a subsidiary plaoe ; but it did not satisfy him. To Andrew a story should be the medium through whioh some great truth could be told, some great want expressed. A novelist should be a eeer, a prophet, a preacher. But then, what was the virion he saw, what truth had he to tell? Seemingly nothing. And yet he felt that a thousand things wanted telling, that the light of day ought to shine on many dark abuses. And so on these lines he thought out bis story, but in vain. Either the faoe of Isabel Bernard came between him and his thoughts, or his exclusion from the old life hindered him, for certainly the story was not a success. The following morning hs received a letter from Mr. Finns asking him to call at bis office that day at IT o'clock, when he would explain to him what his powers to help him were. Andrew was notlate in keeping th6 appointment, although his heart did not boat with very high hopes. Sill be met Mr. Pinns very oheerfuQy, and tried to suppress his disappointments. It was in a little room at the back of a printing office in whioh that gentleman received him. Certainly there waa no luxury in the premises of the Soho Timet. The place was musty and ill- arranged. Great heaps of papers were thrown into the corners of the room, while facing a window—the only one— ' was Mr. Pinns'a desk. There were three chairs —a high one anted to the desk ; an armchair, a-watdeal towa. with the springs " material with which it was stuffed. The carpet had bsen new a great many years before, but at present it was impossible to disoover its pattern. Moreover, in several places it revealed the nature of the flooring. Mr. Pinns wore a short greasy coat, the sleeves of whioh were slightly turned up, while on his feet was a pair of office slippers, whioh had the advantage of being very airy. " Well, you've come," he said to Andrew. "Yes, I've come." " Ana not thought better of it, eh ? I didn't expect to see you again. Why, you can see now the value of the literary profession. It isn't worth a straw, I tell you, not a straw. Urn!" " I hope it may be worth a great deal to me," said Andrew. I hope so—yes, I hope so, But do you know, young man, that In the whole of London, among the hundreds of newspapers that are published, there's not more than about aBOO re that pay anything worth mentioning ? And do you know, too, that it's nearly impossible for any one to get on the staff of those few?" " They must be written for," said Andrew, 1 and in time" " There, there, it's just like me to seek to disoouiage you. Young fellow, I am foolish, very. As a rule I take aotioe of nobody but myself, and I'm not worth taking notice of. But when I saw you I liked you. Why, I don't know, but I did. Of course I did not know what you were up to, but I thought you must be wanting employment. Well, it seems you couldn't get any, and so I thought I might help van. Help you—bah t Still, you must do something. This paper of mine isn't worth —um—well, never mind, but it isn't worth much." " Might I ask its circulation ?" "Circulation! Young man, know that that is an editor's seoret. Never let any one know the circulation of a paper, unlssB it is enormously largej and always say that it is the most widely circulated paper in the distriot, therefore best medium for ad vertisements, Ao." I eee," said Andrew, smiling. Ah, am. Fin glad yon see. Well, now, look here; I shall do yon no good, and you'll do me no good, that's certain; but there, do you can to help in a starvation business like this?" " Yes," replied Andrew. Badly as he wanted to do something, it required an effort for bim to give this answer. He had always thought of an editor as a gentleman, refined, thoughtful; while here was this little man th6 very opposite of his conception. Are you fond of reading?" Vary." Novels !" Good ones." "Oak £ou read French—German ?" 'Yes. ' Could yon translate a book from either of those languages?" " I dare aay." "Um."' Andrew looked at the little man, wondering what was coming next. Do yon think you ooold write a review of a book?" A review—why ?". I have books—of a sort—sent me for review. I generally have them slashed up in style." " Do you review them yourself?" asked Andrew, thinking of the worth of bis opinion. "No, I don't, but the fellow who's doing that Work leaves me next week—and good riddance, too. I oould make it half a crown a week more if you could take on that kind of thing." " I'm afraid X couldn't," said Andrew. "Afraid—why?" "I'm afraid my literacy judgment is not sufficiently matured. 1—1;' " Literacy judgment be hanged 1 You know whether you like a book or not. If you do, say ao, and aay it's the novel of the year; and if you don't, why, say it's waste of time to read it. Use strong adjectives, and put them on thick. That's what people like in reviews." "Indeed?" "Yea. Nobody cane about reading the analysis of a btrok—they want strong opinions. Adjectives very thick. " I should like It of ail things, bat" " Well, we'll see. Now there's something else. You want to write stbriee ?" "Very much. I should like to write a real novel, one that's worth" " Yon couldn't do it—yet. But if ever you do you won't get it read. Books worth reading don't get sale. The world of novel- readers like dash, movement, excitement. I know that to read or to write them is a waste of time; bat thfct's what novel-readers want. Go to any of Smith's bookstslls and ask the olerks the kind of novel they can sell, and theyll tell you what I've jnst told you." '"But there's another class of readers than railway novel readers." "YeB, two"—and the little man puckered his forehead as he continued— There's the so-called philosophical novel, which is really humbug, and those are read by prigs who pose as thoughtful men, but who are as great humbugs as the books they read. Then there's a class of novel almost unknown to yon, bat which has a larger sale than most of die well-known literature." Indeed! What?" The penny novelette. Stories for the young. Boolcs for txjys, fall of revenge, murder, ghosts, and all that kind of thing. They sell by tens of thousands." "Indeed?" " Yes. Would you oare to try and write for thes&people;—bah 1 But I'm sure you won't." " What will they pay ?" " I don't know. Ill take you to an editor if yon like. I know you'll be disgusted, bah! of oourse yon will, bat I can't do any more for you. Indeed, Mr. Pinna was doing a great deal. Evidently he was troubling a great deal as to how he oould help Andrew, and only real liking would have caused him to do it." "You are very kind," said Andrew, " very kind. I know I am not fit for very much, and yon are doing me real service." "Hambug," said Mr. Pinns gruffly. " There, there; let's go and eee one of these editors. Editors, bah 1" As they left the office of the Soho Times they met a gaunt, badly dreeied man about fifty years of age, who greeted Mr. Pinns familiarly, but to whom that gentleman was very dignified and very distant. "Hereare those books. I've reviewed them, said the man confidently. " Could yon eettle up now ?" "Very well, Williams," said Mr. Pinna loftily; " give them to one of the clerks." " I'm off next Wednesday." " Very well, Williams, it—it is possible I may be in on Tuesday evening." _ t I'd prefer the money now, if yon dont object," said Williams; "and, besides, you know there are those" Really Williams," said Mr. Pinns with great dignity, "I can't attend to suoh little matters now. I have business with this gentleman. Ill write you a cheque when I've time." A cheque, eh?" said Williams; "why, whatever" I hope yonH do well on the Wednesday Moon, Williams. I've done my best for you. Good day, Williams, good day." Andrew looked at Mr. Pinns in astonishment. He had become dignified all of a sudden. The little man seemed to swell with importance, too, and looked as though the neighbourhood belonged to him. "One is obliged to keep suoh fellows in their plaoe," said Mr. Pinns ; and then turning confidently to the young man, he said, " Williams has been our reviewer." "What!" said Andrew. " Is public opinion to be influenced by such as he ?" Mr. Pinns became silent, and thus important. From that time Mr. Pinns regarded Andrew as one of the staff of the Soho Times, and while he remained on it the little man magni6ed his office. He never spoke slightingly of literature; he was never familiar. Mr. Pinns carried two sets of manners. One blunt, gruuupy, and free—this for his friends; the other important and reserved—for his subordinates. The two walked together along Fleet-street, and after awhile turned up one of the narrow alleys whioh led into a network of others, and here Andrew wa<> first introduced to a phase of life of which he was ignorant, and to a literature of which he had not dreamed. CHAPTER VL THE BOTTOM BUNG. Both Goethe and Schiller were profoundly convinced that Ajtw&i; co luxury of pleuure, no mere amusement to charm the idle, or relax the careworn; but a might; influence, serious ip its ahns, although pleasureible in its meana; ft sinter of Religion, by whoso aid the great wo id tcheme w wrought ii>to leaHtj-.—Lewes's Life of Goethe Andrew had thought Mr. Pinns'a editorial sanctum terribly dingy and inconvenient, but it was a palace compared to the one into which be was ushered. It was little more than a dirty box with a hole in it, while, owing to the fact that an oil stove, the only means of warming the box, was in a bad condition, the smell of paraffin was simply abominable. Certainly the glories of literature did not eeom glorious at present. The man in the box turned round on Mr. Pinna's entrance, and greeted him familiarly. "Holloa, Pinns, what have you got in my .way ?" Perhaps not much, perhaps a great deal," replied Mr. PINNB gravely. " Let me introduce yen to this young gentleman, Mr- Andrew Fairfax." Then, turning to Andrew, he said, "This is Mr. Adolphus Vellum, the editor of o large nnmVirrcf perials for young people." Mr. Adolphus Vellum looked far mare like a barman than an editor. He had a faoe that was large, red, and florid. He wore a great deal of jewellery that did not look of a very first-raie order. His shirtfront was dirty, and his nails were in a very bad condition. Still Mr. Adolphus appeared shrewd, and evidently understood Lis business. He stared at Andrew as though he were not sure about his position. He had theappaaranoe of agentfsman of means, while his being his connection with the lower walks of literature. So, before committing himself by either speaking in a friendly or in an editorial way, he aeked Mr. Pinns what he could do for Mr. Fairfax ? "This young man has been unfortunate/' said Mr. Pinns. Mr. AdoIphuB Vellum knew how to treat Andrew then. " Ah, I s'pose go," he said. " Don't mistake me," said Mr. Pinns, while Andrew writhed. " He has been brought up as a rich man's son. The man whom he beliered to be his near relation died, and he has been thrown on to the world." "Well, what for that?" asked Mr. AdolpliUB Vellum, looking at Andrew from head to foot. "I have taken him on my staff," said Mr. Pinns," with dignity, "and I bave brought him to you, as I know he oould be of service to you."® "That be blowed!" said Mr. Vellum, with polite emphasis. " If he's what you say he is, what use is he to me ? I want no greenhorns here." Had Andrew been alone he would have walked out and left Mr. Adolphus Vellum in possession of his box with all its literary dignity; but Mr. Pinns gave him a look which decided him to remain. "Mr. Fairfax has great literary taste, great literary ability. He is a scholar—a University man in faot, and perfectly acquainted with French and German." As Mr. Pinns gave this little speech, he looked vastly important, and waved his hand as though he were doing Mr. Adolphus Vellum a great honour. Indeed, he made an impression on that gentleman, who began to unbend a little. "And what can I do for Mr. Fairfax?" he said with editorial dignity. " He wishes to enter the field of literature as a profession," said Mr. Pinns. " He wishes to rival Thackeray, Sirens, and Dumas; so I've brought him to you." All thiiE time Andrew had not spoken. At first he was indignant and disappointed, but he became interested and amused. Mr. Vellum turned to Andrew. "Of course you will understand," he said, ' that the author is born, and mot made. If you wish to take a position in literature it must be by steady perseverance, I myself," and he swelled with dignity, " have had to win my spurs. I began as a—printer's devil, in fact, and now I'm—well, Pinns knows what I am," and he looked proadly around his box. VI have brought Mr. Fairfax to you, Vellum"—and Mr. Pinns became somewhat brusque; that is, he lost for a moment his editorial dignity — " because I knew that you—you would on my recommendation give what' he might send to you a—a—a fair reading." "Yes; oh, yes," said Mr. Vellum, with importance. " You muBt know," turning to Andrew again, " that editors in such a large way as I am," and he looked complacently around his box, " can't waBte time in reading the stuff of men unknown to literature, AB a rule we must have mem of note. Why, think of the men who write for us ? There's fVilkiae and Lewkins, and many more equally renowned, Of course I made their fortunes, but we are always honourable, and stick to old contributors. Our readers are on the lookout for well-known writers, so I can assure you that you are very fortunate in getting Pinns to reoommend you. Otherwise I couldn't think of granting you such as interview as this." Even to Andrew the dirty box with a hole in it began to grow in importance. "I am sure it is very kind of you, said Andrew. "Might I ask what Mr. WiUrins and Mr. Lewkins wrote?" " What 1 did yon never hear of Wilkins, author of Ttie Battle with the Ghost, or of Lewkins, author of Three Spring-heeled Jacks? Why; man, where have you lived?'" "Well, I've lived among textbooks a good deal," said Andrew, "and so I am not conversant with current literature." " I should think you must have lived out of the world," said Mr. Vellum. "Why, we've sold thousands of copies of The Battle with the Ghost." "It's a striking title," said Andrew. Might I ask what it's published at ?" "We publish everything at a uniform price," said Mr. Vellum. " We charge a penny for everything." Andrew said nothing, but he oould not help smiling. " Might I ask your rate of payment?" he said. "Some pays a uniform price for everything," said Mr. Adolphus Vellum, with dignity; we doesn't." His grammar was defective at times, and although I have not inserted them, his conversation was often garnished with peculiar epithets. " There are some," he went on, " as always pays sixpence a page, but we," tapping his breast, " always reoognise ability and experience, and are willing to pay for it. We begin at fourpence a page, and we've gene as high as eightpenoeha'p ny. Of course that's very seldom, but we've done it." " How many words in a page?" "Three hundred as near as a touoher." " So if yoa accepted anything from me, you would begin by giving me fourpence?" "That's it. Of course, to get on is the great thing. Many authors is glad to write for nothing at first; but, as I say, we pay fourpenoe. Then we can always command a eale, so we place a man before the public immediately. When we put our name on the title-page of a book th9 public knows it's good." Andrew did not dare to ask what name, as such ignorance would be unpardonable. "Then," went on Mr. Adolphus Vellum, lawe translates from the French. For that we "so pay well." " Might I ask how much?" "Well, there, it's a case of reckoning scholarship against genius. Of course (renins is rare, so for that matter is scholarship. So we put one against the other, in this manner. We reckon scholarship as about equal to high-class ability ; but not up to geniuB. As I said, for right-down genius we've paid as much as eightpence-ha'p'ny a page, but for high-class ability we pays sixpence a page; so we also pays sixpence a page foi translations." " And if I should write something for you, of what nature should it be?" "Plenty of action. Fightin' and robbin', and midnight meetin's, and like that. Read the police news a goodish bit; and look here, you can take back some things as a sample of what we publish," whereupon Mr. Adolphus Vellum opened a cupboard that was placed on the side of the box, from which he took half a dozen penny books, the covers of which were embellished with pictures of a very startling nature. " This is the kind of thing we do," continued Mr. Vellum, "and it's the only thing as goes right well. Of course I can't promise to take what you write offhand, and, as I said, I shouldn't have looked at anything but for such a recommendation as Pinns's. But if yotiT can bring me something slashing—well, we're good for fourpence a page, a page meaning three hundred words as near as a toucher. Stay, though ; on Pinns's recommendation 111 give you a French thing to translate. It's a juicy thing, and we'll pay sixpence for that if it's well done." " But supposo I were to give my whole time to writing and translating for you, how much could I make ?" asked Andrew. " Well, that just depends upon the quickness of your working. Some men can ai>d do write as many aB twenty pages a day. That at fourpence a page comes to six and eightpence, whioh means a matter of two pounds a week. Of course, when you can command the top pri-e, the income is—is—is princely." And Mr. Vellum looked like a merchant prince who contemplated endowing a hospital; nay, rather, he looked like a member of a Board of Guardians, promising some poor out door-relief woman a matter of sixpence a week more on account of continued sickuets. Andrew left soon after, and went back to his den with a weary heart. Mr. Piune accompanied him a part of the way, and assured him that Mr. Vellum would doubt'ess accept hie stories if he j)ut sufficient blood-curdling excitement into them. " Goodness knows I have work enough at last," thought the young man. " What with collecting news for Mr. Pinns's paper, reviewing his books, and writing for Mr. Adolphus Vellum, I have my hands full." And he laughed almost bitterly. He sat down before his smoky fire and began to thick. It was a dreary prospect that lay before him. He, educated as a gentleman, obliged to work for man like Mr. Adolphus Vellum in order to get bread !' Surely, turoly he could do something else ! He thought of his experiences in trying to get work, and he could see not a partiole of hope in that quarter. Then his mind weot back to the old life, and he thought of his old friends. "No, no,"he said bitterly eettiug Lia teeth, " I will rather starve than have anything to do with them. Besides, I should go «nad now to be dependent on any one for my bread. I'll face tho matter fairly. I'm a working farmer's ton. I have no aristocratic blood in my veins. All my ancehtors worked among the fields for a bare living. It was by pure accident I got lifted into another sphere of life. I had no right to it; I never did anything for it. J. Em a plebian. Still, I have anonph of my forefathers' honesty and pride in me not to be dependent on, or spen^e on, any one. I have hands and brain", and I can work. It is no use for me to go hungering after the old life. It can never be mice until I bare earned it." Again be eet before hie mind the employment he bad obtained, Gathering one column of nows a wek, for which he was to receive five shilling" ! An occasional review of some cheap book by an unknov.u publisher, whiqji might bring him hulf-a crown ex Ira. In addition to this there was "penny dreadful' woik for Mr. Adolplins Vellum. He had heard of tho "penny dreadful" literature before, but he never knew what it meant until now, and the thought that was to engage in it was r.lmoEt bickwr.ing. IH see what this French thing is like," be said; and accordingly hs proceeded to read it. It belonged to one of the worst phases of eye of the French youth. It made heroes of burglars, thieves, piokpockete, and blacklegs. It hid their vileness by a coat of bravado and physical couraere, while for heroines, music-hall favourites, and the like, lost to purity, but still made attractive to evil minds, were ohosen. It was the ditchwater of literature, calculated to poison, to ruin the lads and girls who might read it. And yet it was the work ofaneducatedman. ItboretheEtampofculture. It revealed the writer's intimacy -with the classics ; it pointed oat on every page that he was a man of power. Andrew flung it from him. "No, no," he said, "I will never translate such poison as this. I'll never disgrace my pen by traoing such things on paper. I'll starve first." And this was literature—this was the work he had adopted. " No," he cried, " I won't do it. I'll try to get work again. I'll emigrate first. I've got enough money to take me to one of the colonies, and there I'll get work as a farmer. I shall quiokly pick it up, and be able to earn an honest living that way." He sat down at the little table and began to write— "DEAH MB. PINNS— " I have decided after all not to accept the post you kndlv offer me as a member of your staff. He wrote so far and stopped. The words refused to come freely, and he bit his penholder fiercely. He forced himself to write again, however. " I have come to the oonclurion that I am not suited for a literary life, and so have abandoned the idea of becoming" Again he stopped and looked round the room. He thought some one was there speaking to him; but it was quite empty, and he tried to write again. In vain, however. It seemed as though words were ringing in his ears, telling him his duty. "I can't do it," he said as if in answer, while the response to him was, " You must be an author. It is your vocation in life, and it is at your peril that yoa fail in your work." He threw down his pen, and again the picture of an ideal literary career appeared to him. Then, again, it was an inspired life, expressing the highest and best hopes of the people. For a time his eyes were opened, and he saw that an ideal writer should fight for truth and righteousness, even as Gideon fought for the Iiord long ages ago. He saw him revealing to the world the gaping sores of the time, and offering balms by which they could be oared. He saw him as a prophet, telling how through purity and love a brighter age should dawn, and a higher life be realized. For a time he was lost to his surroundings. H° was no longer conscious of the shabby room in whioh he wrote. He forgot his interview with the editor of the "penny dreadful" literature. He seemed to hear far away voices orying for help. He fanoied he saw eager faces with great longings expressed on them, but they did not seem to know what those longings were. He saw life downtrodden and weary; he saw men into whose eyes the gleam of true hope had never come. Bat above all came the feeling that he musti explain their hopes, that he must tell the glad news whereby they might know the meaning of life. I have but dimly and poorly portrayed this part of my friend's life. He never cared to talk very much about it. It seemed too sacred he said. To him it came as a a vision from God, and he dared not disobey. "I'll stay in Londun," he said at length; "at any rate, 111 stav until I feel I ought to leave. £ feel that I have another life than interest. I muet do my duty." He threw aside the filthy French novel. " I cannot translate it, he said ; " but F1I write stories for boys that shall be worthy their reading. I'll make them interesting and exciting; but I'll make them true and manly, too. IH not preaoh, but m try and lead them to love parity, truth, and nobleness." After that his mind became settled. He put away the letter he had began writing to Mr. Pinns, and started to work out a plot of a story for which Mr. Adolphus Vellum, editor of the "penny dreadful" series, had agreed to pay him the magnifioent sum of fourpence a page. 