D ANOUROUS JOKING. ARTIN was tho eldest son and hope ol VttM Mr. Lord, tho Squiro of Morton. His am able disposition and superior intel lect procured for him nnivorcnl lovo nnd esteem. Martin wne a great favourite v/lth tho girls, old and young ; but ho ncvor ohowed any marked partiality to anyone until ho bccamo intimate with Isabella Aohton, tho daughter of the clergyman. Isabella wan young and tho most thought' less girl in the village. Sho could havo little sympathy with a porcon of ouch dcop feelings and elevated intellect no Martin ; and, be:uit??ul ay sho wan, ib ncemed otrango t!iat ho should havo given hio lovo to her. Martin and lv»b-jlla had been pointed out as lovers by village gossipo for several months ; ho was now nineteen, and she was of the oameago, when tho incidont about to bo related occurred. fine evening Isabella had a cocial gather ing of young people at the house. Martin, of course, was present, with tho fairest youtlis nnd maidens ; and tho company onj««yed tlieniaelve? freely with jeat?, songs, : anil *ocial gamco. The hour at which ouch parties usually broke up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having besn reported an having been seen in tho vicinity ol the church yard. 44 It is a silly report/' said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really bsen seen thero ; and J doubt if any person here btlicvc3 in the existence of ghests,'' 44 You do yourself, you know you do, Martin, although you aro ashamed' to own it/' cried Isabella ; but Martin only laughed. 'Come, now, 'continued the thought le.^giil. 44 1 can prove that you have some idea that such things may exist. (Jo to the church yard alone in the dark, and then decide, if you can, that you felt uo fear.' 44 And what would ihat prove t' u Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nuthing. Your fears would 'put your belief to the test. How could- you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of?*-* 'I do not think your logic is thebest io the world/* replied Mnrtin, laughing; -4 But I deny, in the first, place, that a joun'iey to the churchyard, ' even at midnight, would frighten me in the least.' 'Ha, ba* but you shall not escape so,*' laughed L-cibella. 44 Heie, before the**, om friend.*, I promise U*at this ring- tgiidl be yourjv' she continued, dts]dAyan£ one given her by old lover, xriwch Marian- iad ; desired her to paii to the cburchjrarid alone, an the -dark, *.nfl j declare on yourJio«our when jyou return llial : you were uot afraid.^ 'As^eed,' said. Martiri, /Vuttonjng ihis coat. ' And as an evidence that yon go the entire distance, yon cau brmgbacTt with yon the iron bar which yoa vill find elooe by tbe gute,* snid Isabella. Thn- driven by taunts to the commission, of a folly, Martin took leave of the cbmjmny, foil of courage and spirit, and set out on hi* erratid. He marched steadily to the church ' yard, Sfopj-ed a moment to gaze at the whiU tombstones gleaming faintly iu the dark nnd desolate ground, for the stars shone brilJi antly in the clear, cold sky— then-taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, ?et out to return. . . He had proceeded about half way, ' when, m the gloomiest part of theroad, he eaw'a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. . All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant.' Courage give place to desperation ; his hair 'landing erect and his blood running chill; with horror, still he stood his ground. The* «pectredrew nearer, seeming to grow, whitei. and larger as ib approached. . \Vc cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the mhappy youth at. that moment. He raised ?he bar, and lushed upon the spectre. The 2uest* ut the cVrr'vman'fl house heard terrible screams. Dreading some; rrt»gic termination to the farce they rushed o the spot. They found Martin kneeling jn-a pro-tin te iigm.e, his fingers clutching rouvuhdvely at ? its. throat, while he. still Jttered frantic shrieks for help ' One of the »ou»g men forced Mnrtih to relax his hold m the throat of the, figure, whilst another ore away the folds of the*heobnnd disclosed the blood-stained features of. Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and foil lifeless upon the ?orpse. He never spoke again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. NEVER TELL A LIE. Young man, never tell a lie ; especially if yon happen to be a married man and your wife is a woman who knowe what two and two make --or, at all events, hardly ever tell one. A lie may seem harmless enough at the time, bub it will stick to you like wax. Listen to what George Washington ^ploggs has to suffer in consequence of a little fib he once told. i George had been out to;supper at a bachelor friend's diggings, ? and, in the natural order of events he wms off.colour the following morning- he had, in' fact, tbout a No. 11 nausea, headache, and liirst. At breakfast his wife wondered .vhy he had no npj-etite for the liice. fat t»acon — at least, it would have been lice if it hadu'b been rather cindery on me side and nob cooked on the other. And ^hen he didn't take bis tea, and she wa» -ure he couldn't complain of its not being strong enough, for ib had been stewing on he hob for three-quarters of an hour. And he margarine wasn't oo very strong but vhat a healthy man might have eaten the oast. So George had to explain, and he aid he didn't feel very well— rather biliouo ; to thought the salmon thoy had for supper '-ot night hadn't agreed with him. Now, this was the lie. George didn't -i;i-k anything of the sort, a'nd thoy hadn't .ul any salmon for supper. If he hud been .ell enough to think at all, he would have nowo that it was that last h%lf glass ot i hi-iky. But he recklewly told the lie. George struggled into his overcoat, and fter desperate endeavours _ managed to pteeze his hat on to his swollen head; and e wont off to the office wondering why ?'imebody didn't invent hat-horns on the 'i-iuciple of the shoe-horn. And Nemesis marked him for, her own. ?Irs. Sploggs saw through that lie in a winkling, and she determined to have her evenge for the deception George had tried ?» impose upon her. This in what now ippens : \\\ hen George feele inclined to to have a i tie toddy at home before going to bod, lis. Sploggs will get out the glMBsea -and eetiiiHM-, and put t he kettle on tne' fire, ann all a-k : ?? Will youha\eany lemon in your salmon. ige WhC'ii a friend comes in of a night to sec h'urge, and Georgo Mks him to have a nipi' lis Spioggs always makes a point of asking ?in tii'nd if he likes his 41 salmon ' hot or ?-M ; and then explanations have to be ivun, which makes George feel somewhat ??dish like. Aud then, to crown ail, she has coached up he slavey in the joke. The other night, vhcn the decanter was found to be ompty, die rung for the girl, gave her eomo mont*y utd told hor to go round to the 41 Golden t,ion ' fur a bottle of threo-and'sixpenuy ' i-almon.'* And the 'irl grinned m sho took *!»»: money nnd went lor it. Georgo is beginning, to think that Uw ?Inmtion will remtin unaltered until he join*, ? liund nf IlojeKiid buy* a fow yarn* f-'t u'.tie ribbon. . . j ^ Retribution.— Plumber t M You're one ol' llio^e chaps that are always writing smart things about the size of plumbers bills, ain'tJ you V Squibbler: 44 Why, I ? ' Plumber ; 44 1 thought so. Tht bill («r Uus X ob, sir, will be 32,466 dob. 