A FINE DE SIECLE PILGRIMAGE. [J. A-No. 5 ] [ STILL PERSONALLY CONDUCTED. After the fatigue of the journey it was suggested that a real Turkish bath would be a good thing to take, to the dragoman made arrangements to reserve a whole establishment for us, and at 9 o'clock in the evening I and the only other bold pilgrim who was found willing to sample this Eastern mystery, started off, escorted by the whole force, of dragoman, and were presently deposited outside a dingy door next to (shades of Whitechapel on a Saturday night 1) an odorous fried fish shop. On entering we found ourselves in a large domed apartment with a sloppy marble floor, a fountain in the middle, highly raised divans, and a platform at the opposite end enclosed by a gilt rail, and reached by a flight of steps. To this we were led, as it was evidently the place of honour, and invited to choose one of the eight beds with which it was furnished ; a turbaned attendant approached and silently proceeded to dissolve it, and then clothed in a brace of toe Is, and anything but our right mine, we were perched on the summit of a tall pair of clogs apiece, and began to feel distinctly unhappy. A couple of nearly nude heathens now approached me, seized an arm each, very much after the manner drunks " are taken to the police cell', and sternly conducting me to a small door thrust me into a dungeon. I skated a little way along the slippery floor, then sat down suddenly, and as suddenly tried to get up again, for the floor was hot and my towel had fallen off; it requires practice to get up in close, so I crawled to a mat and realised what being a Christian martyr was like. Pour It was not used by any manner of means. The monthly warm atmosphere seemed laden with perspiration, from the thousands of impure Moslems who had preceded us, so we escaped into another and a better room, and reposed on dirty mats laid on the dirty hot floor. By-and-by a savage-looking attendant approached and felt me all over ; he seemed dùsatiitîf di and commenced to drag me away, mat and all. I said " Spare me, I don't know what I've done, but I II never do it again ;" but he took no notice, and I thought of the little boy who had learnt a swear word; his good mamma told him that boys who said naughty words would be sure to find themselves in a place of intense heat. Still he did not repeat, till one day he scalded his hand very badly, then he realised his sin had found him out, so he rushed upstairs, knelt down at his bed-side, and said, " Oh Lord, forgive me this time, I'll never say in any more. " I hadn't got time to say little prayer before I found myself alongside a well of hot liquid. It looked like some sort of broth, with a scum on the surface. My demon motioned me to get in. I tried to find out how deep it was by sitting on the edge and exploring with one leg ; the edge was slippery. I was slipping, the demon flushed, and in I went, I thought it was my ut minute care, the dirty water was up to my chin, I could get out, and commenced to stew slowly. I said, " It is no use trying to cook me, I'm too old and tough to boil Under." Still he took no notice. By and-by he thought I was done enough, and took me out and into a cell I don't know what he did with the broth. He next proceeded to skin me with a rough glove till I felt like a newly scraped carrot. Then he threw me into a corner and left. After a time he returned with a great bowl of soapsuds, and something like a horse's tail in it with this he flogged me for a time, then he dislocated all my joints, threw a bucket of water over me, and led me forth to the outer room once more. It was time. I was about half dead. There I was seized by another imp with a bald head and scalp lock like old Father Time. He wrapped me up in half a dozen towels, and laid me on a bed, I said, " This won't do, I'm cold and j wet, dry then, rub me !" It was no use By and-by he lounged back, took off my towels | and wrapped me in another supply. I began to feel warm and comfortable, and realised that instead of rubbing me dry they were blotting mc, the suit towel acting like blotting-paper. Some 25 or 30 towels were used in this process. Presently they brought me sherbet and orange juice and a water pipe. This I couldn't manage, but fished out a cigar, and after that and a cup of thick coffee, began to find I was alive again ; but no more real Turkish baths for me, thank you On Sunday our party was divided into two sections, those who wanted to go to church, and those who did not then we all started in carriages down the street "Straight," and left the city by the "Gates of God," through which we were told Adam and Eve were expelled from Paradise. Out- side the walls we got a superb view of Mount Hermon, his SDOW mantle glittering in the sunshine. We were shown the exact place where Paul was converted (Acts ix.) evidently the remains of a Roman road, and close alongside a large tomb, where he but led many victims of the dreadful massacre of July 9, 1860, when 6,000 unarmed, innoffen five Christians were murdered in cold blood by fanatical Moslems, who destroyed the Christian quarter by fire, rendering some 20,000 people homeless beggars. To this day it is not uncommon for fanatics to spit at and revile strangers. One or two of our party were spat on, and one lady was struck with a stick, though I must say I wandered alone through the bazaar for hours and saw no symptom of ill will. We were taken to the wall whence St. Paul was let down in the bucket (acts ix.) At the top of the wall a woman was hanging out clothes on the very spot. We were not shown the basket, but no doubt that was an oversight. We saw the tomb of our own St. George (where the dragon re- pose no man knoweth), and then visited a modem Syrian house. Outside nothing shows but the bare, blank, white wall of the house, which is built round a marble paved court planted with flowers, orange and lemon trees, and musical with tinkling fountains ; but the apartments we were permitted to enter were decorated and furnished with a gaudy disregard of taste, and looked " shoddy" all over. Then we explored the Jews' quarter, encountering awful smells (why are God's chosen people so filthy 2), and visited a house 400 years old, which though neglected, and in places ruinous, was a marked contrast to the one we had just left, from the grace and beauty of the ancient decoration ; the walls, adorned with inlaid work, the delicate carvings in a brown stone not now obtainable, and the lavishly adorned ceilings, were all in perfect taste and wonderful preservation. The population of this part of the city is very dense, and children swarm all over the streets, but I don't think there is a bar of soap in the district. We journey to the so-called house of Ananias, not the one who told lies, but the disciple who was told to "Arise, and go into the street which is called Straight and inquire in the house of Judas for one called Saul, of Tarsus." This is a fraud for extracting bakshis. There is no house, only an old cave fitted up as a chapel. So after that we struck, and, refusing to visit Judas' house, went home to dinner. In the afternoon we went to the public gardens on the bank of the Adana. It is here on Sundays and holidays the Syrian mammas take their daughters, and the Syrian young man can etc to behold them, and they have refreshments, and make love, and all things are lovely, It's the same old game all, over the world, We sit on a housetop admiring the setting sun, and sampling strange drinks, queer cakes, and peculiar, very peculiar, cheese. Please don't think we sat on the tiles with our feet in the gutter. The roof of a Syrian house is flat, and a very important part of the establishment being used as dining, reception, and often bedroom. It is often mentioned in the Bible. The home we were on, belonging to a kind of case, was decorated with flowers and trees in tubs, furnished with chairs and tables, and I dare way there were six ' .Í./'.IJ.-.'IÍ.M'Í.'J at } fiO people up there. There were a number of women in little groups of two and I threes, standing or walking about on the opposite bank of the river, every one draped i in a white ghostlike robe, and in the blue dusk after sunset the effect was startlingly a weird. "sheeted ghosts walking, in the I Elysian fields." ¡ 