FEARFUL GAB RIDE. I HAD taken a carriage to go home from f. the meeting of the Benevolent Flannel -soeiaticn, of which I am a member, for it as a pouring rain, arid no umbrella was of .my avail; and we had gone just about hat' a mile through the dismal streets, when tin driver: suddenly stopped, and called through the little window on the roof — ! "Madam." ; " Well," said I. _ i " Could you do me a favour — me- and a poor half-drowned lady out. here? She wants me to take her in. Of. course, it would be a good thing for me, with my big family and low Wciges, and it would be a charity to her, ; poor t-hing, on such a day ; bub of course, if j you object — " i" -"Oh no, I don't object," said I. "I i wouldn't keep a woman out. in such a storm i for worlds. Let her in." ! " Thank ye," said the driver. And I opened the door. - In an instant a woman had hurried in and taken her seat opposite me. She was a pretty woman, with a dark complexion and long black hair, braided oddly enough in two pigtails like a" little j schoolgirl's. Perhaps she was 30. She I wore a mourning gown, elaborately trimmed, | a breakfast cape, and a little sealskin cap ! that might as well have been a man's as a woman's. She /iad no gloves, no umbrella, J 110 waterproof cloak, and I felt sure, as I looked at her, that she had been obliged to go out in the rain tqcall the doctor to a child with the croup, or to someone who had met with an accident, for she had seemed bo for get her own comfort entirely. I felt- sorry foi her as she wiped het poor little wet hands on her handkerchief, and looked piteously at her web dress. But to speak to a stranger is such a atep for a woman, and she had nob uttered so much as a "thank you" for my courfcesy, though she had two or three tynes looked straight into my face with her big black eyes. I sat in silence, therefore, until at last she Axed a long steady gaze upon me, and said : "It is sy wet, uncomfortable sorb of world after aH, isn't it?" " Indeed, it seems so to- day," I Eaid, with a glance at the lead-coloured sky. " And it never rains in heaven," Baid she. "Oh, no." " I hope not, I am sure," said I'. " Where storms do nob come," she repeated, as though making a quotation. "Of course it does nob. But then," she added quickly, "you see one stays. with one's husband and children at any cost. As long as they are in this chilly, wretched world, one must wish to stay." "Indeed, yes," said I. And then, seeing that she was agitated, and remembering my fancy that- she was going for a doctor, I said, haphazard : " And when anyone we love is ill, we grow gloomy, .and fear all sorbs of things." " Yes," said she. " I have a husband, the dearest fellow, and two pretty children — pretty and good as a mother could wish — and how anxious they were when I was so ill. Terribly anxious. He cried — a great, stout man. Yes, he cried. Of course the little ones did. And when I died " " When you died ?" I repeated. " Yes, when Idierl," she said, in a louder tone. "When I died, I say, he fainted. Oh, you think itsfcrange.that I should speak of myself so. Nobody believes me ; bub it's true. I am nob living ; I am only mate rialised." I coiild nob make any answer to this ; I onty shrank away into the corner of the car riage, for though I had no idea that I was in company with a ghost, her words made me nervous. We had yet a long way to go, though . the driver was doing his best, and what with the clatter of the horse's hoofs, the patter of the rain, and the usual noises in the street, I doubted if I could make my voice heard if it became necessary. ".Yes," the lady went on — "yes, I have a friend who is a spiritualist, "and I went to her at once, and as soon as I appeared to her she kindly materialised me, and I want to stay so. I want to stay materialised, because, don't you see, though it never rains in heaven, I must stay with my husband and little ones, iPI can. _ They'd miss mo so." . " Oh, you will," I said, fn some trepida tion; " you surely will. . Let us drive to your house, and as sooh as your children kiss you, you will know that you are no longer a spirit. Have you told the driver where to go ? Shall I ?" - She put her hand upon my arm and drew me do wn, as I arose to endeavour bo call the driver. . " Stop," she said ; " as Soon as I cross the threshold where my corpse is lying I shall be a horrible ghost again, and frighten them all. . Don't you know that? Sit down !" I sab down. She kept her hand on my arm. " Listen !" said she ; " adn't you hear the sounds behind us ? Spirits coming to carry me to heaven. I don't want to go to heaven; bub there is only one way to avoid it. The spirits want a spirit to take away, and it must be a young woman's spirit. You— you are about my age, are you nob ?" " I suppose so," said L ' " Yes," said she ; " and have you a hus band" " I am a widow," said 1. " Good," said she. " Ho.w lucky that is ! You'll want to go to heaven because your husband is there ; I want to stay because mine is here. Come. I'll send your spirit with them — you'll let me, won't you !" Iliad grown very oold, and felt that I was trembling very much, bub I found power to ask her what seemed to myself then to be a very important question. " How would j'qu. do it ? It depends a little on that — — " " Oli," said she," as ipi how, there is jusb one way. I must cub your throat— bub I have a very sharp razor, and it won't hurt at all. It's much the best for ua both, j'ou.see, my husband being here, yours there. And those spirits, with their white wings and cold hands will never know." She drew a razor from her pocket as she spoke and'opened it. . I made one dash for the door — which I should have made sooner liad I guessed at the hidden weapon," j'on maj' be certain— but as I did so her face changed, her eyes flashed furiously, and . she clutched me by the throat. I gave a wild scream, the carriage stopped, and I heard amidst my terror the voices of two men shouting something close beside us, 'Then the woman was struggling in a policeman's arms, and a gentleman held the razor in his hands and folded it away in its sheath. . There was another carriage besides ours, and these two men had sprung from it. "Madam, I . hope yon are unharmed ?" said the gentleman, speaking with a slight foreign accent. - ! " Yes, I am thankful to say I am," said I. " " Y'ou know what it all means ?" said he. " It was a fine mind that illness warped so terribly. She has been ill, and she believes herself now a spirit. : It is a delusion of hevs that if she can send a spirit to heaven she may remain here herself. My poor Isadora ! Forgive us the terror you have felt. We : thought. her :\vell- watched, bub she escaped us. I believe that dwelling too much 011 spiritualism dias caused all this." Then he bowed, and followed his wife into the other carriage and I saw her clinging to him as they drove awaj\— -Homeland. 