IBSENS NEW PLAY THE MASTER BUILDER." Mr. William Archer, writing in the London TVocWon the 22nd February, gives the following account of Ibsen's new play, " The Master Builder" : Before this article is in type, the most daring dramatic experiment, even of those experimental days, will have been tried at the Trafalgar-square Theatre. How " The Master Builder" will "go" with the British public it is impossible to predict. 'The dress rehearsal always a depressing' function has left me anything but sanguine. I have no doubt that take it all round, the play will be at least as ably presented as any of its predecessors ; but would the finest acting in the world induce an English audience to place itself at the right point of view for the enjoyment of a drama which while realistic in form, is in essence as poetic, as mystic, as fantastic as " Faust," or " Peer Gynt," or " Prometheus Unbound ?" A few hours will show; and meanwhile, as "The Master Builder's" allotted span of life will be over before my next article appears, I may perhaps be allowed to put aside the question of its fitness for the stage, and to state briefly my own impressions of the play in itself. "It is the great ambition of my life," n poet dramatist once said to me (not in, Scandinavian poet dramatist, unless, as his Christian name suggests, he is descended from the Norse kings of Leinster)-" it is the great ambition of my life to write a really obscure room." I tried, Socratically, to get at his conception of an obscure room. Was there to be a real definite meaning, without, as it were, in a veil of words ? Or was the poor to be all veil, with no moaning at all underlying it " That is just it !" he cried, making arabesques in the air with his cigarette, " I would involve n veil so wonderful, so beautiful, so exquisitely wrought, that every one looking at it should Buy, Behind that veil lies my secret!'" In conceiving "The Master Builder," as it seems to me, gibson has been moved by some such ambition. He has set himself, not to enforce this doctrine or that \- not even, as in "Hedda Gabler," to lay bare the inmost fibres of a great type - character - but simply to stimulate our imagination with a work of vital art, in which, us in a fiery sunset, we shall each of us from different dream forms, and read a different prognostics for the coming day. Has he succeeded then in thus stimulating the imagination 1 There is only one imagination for which I can answer, but it, such as it is, responds with no uncertain note. To my thinking, the story of Solnoss and Hilda is the most haunting the most fascinating ever conceived by this great inventor. I do not mean that the play is his greatest work that is a totally different matter. I mean simply what I say, neither more nor loss. "With what consummate art does he handle the machinery of hypnotism, that incredible yet undeniable force, hovering (so conveniently for his purpose) over the border line between science and superstition 1 A lossor poet, if by some unthinkable chance he had stumbled on the theme, would have given us disquisitions (no doubt making Dr. Ilerdal his mouthpiece) on the possible and impossible in hypnotism, and would have sought to rationalise the spectacle by showing precisely where he conceived reality to and and hallucination to begin. Not so Gibson. Without apology, without discussion, he goes straight to the limit of the conceivable, and relies upon our very scepticism as to what may or may not be physically possible to make us accept the situation which is poetically necessary. And what a situation it is A young girl, just at the ago when the wonder of the world is beginning to dawn upon her, sons what appears to her childish eyes the incredibly lofty tower soaring into the air over the poor little church of her native village. She is filled with admiration for the Master Buildor, who is the informing spirit of so great a work and then, on a sunlight holiday, when she herself and the whole town are in festal array, she sees the Master Buildor standing forth against the sky, on the very pinnacle of his own tower, while he hangs a wreath upon the wane. Now it is a day of crisis in the Master Builder's own life. He has just arrived at a great resolution; and standing where he has never dared to 'stand before, he communes inwardly with the Master Buildor of the universe, and vows that he will never again build churches for the power which has made pain and devastation the condition of progress, Between Solnoss and Hilda, each tensely overwrought, an occult sympathy establishes itself. The defiant exultation' in his mind is transmitted to hers and transmuted into music. She thinks she hears him singing as he stands by the vane and it sounds to her "like harps iii! the air." Then, the same evening, he comes to her father's house, and finds her alone. He recognises in her an imaginative, audacious, queenly child, and, romancing as one does to a child, promises to come back for her in ten years, carry her off, like a roll, and make her Princess of the Kingdom of Orange land. As they wave this romance together, he becomes vaguely conscious of the woman in the child. It flashed through his mind, " How if I were to take her in my arms, round her head back, and kiss her on the mouth and once more the thought flashes, this time in the form of a picture, from his mind to horse Looking back on this won- derful half-hour with the hero of her imagination, Hilda very soon comes to believe that he actually did soar his promise of making her his princess by kissing her " many times," After that evening she sees him no more and he, unconscious of the occult bond between them, forgets all about her. She, on the other hand, hours of him from time to time as the great architect of the day, and goes on living in her romance. She will not write to him lest it should all " vanish away ;" but when the ten years are up, in a mingled spirit of curiosity, adventure, defiance, and devotion, she comes to claim " her kingdom," she is not, of course, by disillusionment. Her Master Buildor no longer stands free and great at the summit of lofty towers of his own building. As an artist, he is sunk in bourgeois materialism, building ownerless houses that are mere breeding places for crude humanity, and ruthlessly wrecking the career of others in order to retain his supremacy in this paltry craft. As a man, he is battling ineffectually with a sickly conscience," brooding over insoluble problems of human responsibility until his brain rocks on the verge of madness, and finding a " salutary self- torture" in torturing his wife with references and misunderstandings. His wife, physically an invalid, suffers in mind and heart from atrophy of the maternal instinct, which was the one strong force of her narrow nature. She. is a slave, moreover, to the ideal of marriage and its " duties," and goes on struggling to keep up the outward semblance of a relation of which the soul £3 long since" dead. into the dark recesses of those two hapless souls Hilda's keen eyes are not long in penetrating. ("There's scarcely a corner in me safe from you," says Shines at one point.) She is saddened, but not dispirited. Hor Master Builder shall stand free and great again. She forces him to abandon Ha underhand tactics of intriguing against " the younger generation," depressing their energies and barring the' way for their ambitions. . She continues to demand her kingdom; but her new insight into life, and especially, her glimpse into the desola- tion of Mrs. Solnoss's soul, has shown her that the kingdom cannot be of this world. There is only one sure abiding place for his mean happiness, and that she will build along with her Master Builder. What is it Why, a dream, an ideal, a " castle in the air land in that case she will dwell with him, and look down from the topmost balcony on the swarm below who are building churches and " homes for human beings." But, by way of proving the reality of his regeneration, hor Master Buildor is to stand great and free once more at the top of a high tower of his own building. infected with her faith in him, he climbs to the pinnacle Once more he stands com- mining with the Master Buildor on high ; once more she hears " harps in the air." But, runs I the real Master Buildor is not, and never was, the Master Builder of her ideal. He is only Halvard Solnoss with the " dizzy conscience" and wedded to the ghost haunted past. There, the top of the poor little stone-and-mortar tower, he is only, in Hilda's eyes, laying the foundation of their castle in the air-when lo I he turns dizzy, ho roofs, he falls, he is dashed to pieces on the common earth " I can't see him up there now," says Hilda, too dazed to realise what has happened. "But he mounted right to the top. And I heard harps in the air-My-my Master. Buildor I" ' So ends the weird ironic tragedy. In the course of this brief analysis I have tried to convoy, however vaguely, my interpreta- tion of it, the secret which the veil suggests to me. I am far from maintaining that it is the interpretation the only, the best or even the most obvious. Others may divine Bubtlor and profounder secrets behind the veil. All I dare assert is this-that whoever looks at it with eyes unclouded by prejudice (or by that cataract which the gods themselves are powerless to remove) will find adumbrated, in strange and fascinating forms, some of the deepest facts of human life and destiny. ' 