THE RAILWAYS AND THE SILLY SEASON. The “ Billy season” has been defined as the one when Parliament is not in session. In capital cities this leaves a number of journalists and other scribes connected with the press gravelled for mattery on which to expatiate and ex* pound' theip id*# 8 till Parliament is called together flg*dn, Poring this ao*, nually recurring moratorium of politics those writers must do.something.. They have their’ bread to earn’as during the bjjsy season, and their .columns to fill. 1*110 press wait? not foi* time nor tide, and is never in recces. iVisonooffcho most oxigeant institutions which modern oua* tom, modern discoveries and modern en lightenment has brought, to‘bear on the, every day of liEp. Pot tho oAt fortune frpip .journalist's', point iot view is that- touch of fhYs ,dvory day- busi* ness of life i? a-‘ field .-Wat hd 'has so' thoroughjly prbspeoted that unless lie bo iv roan powers, one wlio.pan at the rate of a .column an hour deliver of the original and, profound ideas of tljp philosoplfor, attrac tively dressed up witljthe wit and attrac tiveness of the light -polished- skirmi-.hes of literature who follow it for diversion than as ft Jm be all this, his occupation instead of being n dally and nightly .one would be of the fugitive and intermittent variety—a sort of odd Job man, - But your experienced slave of the laijjp and pen is seldom at a loss for subject? tif $}]$& upon, Tf he cannot instruct, he usually poattlves "to amuse, and the consumption of the bales of printing paper goes on throughout the year at the'average rate, or generally at a slightly increasing average rate. Ono ; of the leading journals, in order to fill a gap in the present silly season, has, we- detached pno or more of its ablest officers jbo indite . a s.eri$s of articles. 80 far os their labors have proceeded the object in view seems to bo to prove to the country that tho Vic torian national debt is not nearly so great as it ought to be, that wo have not nearly enough mileage of railways, hence the sayings of tho people as they accumulate in_thc sayings banks should be taken over by* the Government and be used in tho laying down of more railways. Considering that the railways are such a losing game as it is, that the freights on those lines on .which there is a traffic worthy of the name Of traffic have had to be raised to such a degree in order to make up for some of tho loss on the numerous lines on which there is no traffic that horse' teams and bullock' waggons are in nearly every quarter ..of tho country cutting deep holes in the railway revenue, none but a hard-pressed, lf silly;jjeaspn” journalist would devote his talents to t{io‘ advocacy of a spirited con struction policy ‘ on borrowed money. Railway construction ip Victoria is a fetish, that has .been too lopg wor shipped. A little of the light of common sense and of business principles should be lot iuto-it. Tft* is -nonsense*^-'nrguo (hat': if 'the savings bank “funds are treated as loan money arid expended on non - productive railways there .will: be no loss to ..the nation. There will be a doable will have, to bo pafd to the owners of. the-money just as surely whether they reside in Victoria as in England or in Central Africa, and a further and larger .gum will each year have to be made 'up by the unfortunate and cruelly-bled tax payers to compensate for the deficiency be tween the annual receipts and the annual working expenses of lines of railway con structed merely because, the : money for the initial cost of construction could' be raised. It is better, of course, to float loans within the colony whenever they can ha floated. His, however, the few who have money to.lend to the Government, but it should not b© fo r g the whole of the people who must pay tho interest. How much better off is the English farmer, merchant or mechanic because of English Consols being all hold in England ? Is he any betler off than the same classes in Now Zealand, or even' in New South Wales or Victoria whore the bonds representing the national in debtedness are in oatsido hande 1 A debt is none the less a- debt-whether your creditor lives next door or id the next street. He must have bis interest, and,,- whon it becomes his principal. After one or. twoV'main lines havp .been cod*; 'atrdctdd, points of the country wjjth ibV g^neralrailway; system,, public works of this ,character should be given a rest for a decade or* two. The land that has been opened up . by the railways should bo given a-chance to fill up with a population'sufficiently.; numerous to justify their construction, i Not by running more, and more railways I into, tbe unsettled wilderness, nor by., shooting off cpokspurafbr the convenience: of petty townships, nor the laying down ; of needless suburban linos as with, rails: of silver and sleepers of gold when tho; cost is .countpd- up, can the population' filling up and settlement process be aV sisted c>r accomplished. But it may be; Irampered and Tqtarded; py • whether locator outside pnesit dqea notj materially signify, necessitating farther| d add thus divertldg capital from menfc in the natural industries of the. country. Tile cry was once.fpr unlocking ! the lands. The cry of the present is for, the utilization of the.lands. When St: ,can be shown that, only one fourth! parfc of tho millions of'acres of land that is by railways has been; put.to the mpst uses from ti national point of view, pf yvhich /it is > capable, it* will.be .limp ijo talk p/T re-' entering upon a. spirited construction policy. The Melbourne land boom was- a very spirited thing as long as it . lasted,- but see what disasters have followed in. its train. • ■ SOURTU PjAGK, —Tho following additional; reading matter will bd -found - on the fourth page :—Mining . Newer and Notes, Buprcmo; Court, Echuoa,. Inglewood, The .Hissing! Masonic Funds,..City/Eolico Court , , /i To- day’s Events. — Sayrdtub . Court, 10r n.m. ;Eagl6hawk Police Court, 10 am. |r City Council,* 3 ' p.Vn,; Public Meeting Eaglo hiiwk Town Hall- ‘ro, , TbWwingy Open Commohs, 7 ;p.m.; Entries .dose Boxing Day’ SpoYts; Boridldo 'Rowing' Club' meet;: -Meeting rd. Polled Testimonials, Town Hall,; •’ • •• { ':•?! A SpiEMir Supremo Courtthd'young raan George Bray; wav Wed on the capital cuargo of rape alleged ’ to.bavoboon cdmihitted upon a woman named* Julia Drew, at Back Creok.-on tho night of: £ho 28th OctobpK‘r Dr. Quick dofendod*Bray, jtoine. wj Jd The-Chief Justice" summed prisoner,., . ?idenuflodtioni and unsatisfactory VevidenoB~ r of '% 'capita): offence, Tho jury aftor lidlf an hodr’ado .libpraiipn acquitted him; In discharging,, prisoner, Hid Honoreaidho desired aa -ond man to another toglvobimeome advice, - If bo lived to bo 100 years old Ho would •• never Do noarerto death than-ho hadbeeh i His Honor hoped that tho oxnorionoo wopld < prove toJiotbo turning point in gs eared’,, and that bon color ward ho would take warding: ■by,-, tho- interposition of Provldopoo in' his behalf and 'liv'd- ah honest and upright life, Tho prisoner iwos- then discharged and loft | ibb court with hls friends. , , ’ A Theatrical Liukl Action.— An. notion for libel"’’was commenced yesterday In tho, Sydney Supremo Court by. Mr. James McMahon, theatrical Agent, against' Tho Sunday Times newspaper for alleged-libol. Plaintiff Claimed £10,000 Ahraoges. A set tloinont, however, was arrived;at . during tho hearing, and the jury .awarded plaintiff £150 damages. Tan Supreme Court whs opened yostor day before His Honor, Chief Justice Madden. Tho young men Patrick Flood and John Hickey plbaUod guilty to having'broken into the etoro of Mr. P. Hayes and stolon- there - from, Evidence as to character was given In their, behalf, and caob was sentenced to nine, mouths’ imprisonment with bard tubov in the GastlomainC gaol. Edward Hale Morris was found guilty of unlawfully wounding William Hall, at fihglohawk, qnd was qlsq sentenced to nine montjUsI imprUopmont with bard labor in tbo Castlamaino ’gaol, George Bray wos placed upon his trial oh tho capital charge of rape committed upon Julia Drew at Back Crook on the night of tbo 26th October. Tho ease, it will bo remembered, - was fully reported when before the lower court. Pre cisely tbo same ovidonoo was-glvon yesterday. The jury after’ about three quarters of an hour’s deliberation returned Into court with a 1 1 vordlot of not guilty oq«i tho prisoner was i discharged. Thereto til I remain upon tho list the eases of-David Elhaj, larceny of a watch end pbalp belonging to . Robert Strike, and Anthony Curry for larceny by Tnok .at the Bendigo races. Tbo oourt,.wbifih adjourned, at 7.30 o’clock last evening, toill resume at 10 a.m. to-day. Si'iaiTEb Old Man.—At tho City Pobeo Court ■ yesterday -n -man 'of 70.years, named John McQuick,, - was presented' fqr baying no, -lawful visible means qf supports Tho. poor ibid follow, who , wos. scarcely stand before tbobdnbb, said that bo had oo monoy, but waa on, his .way to a .place' afow miles from. BalrSbaJd,' iuifvow'Soufcb WpfeA. r:Scr /goaiit Fahey’ romaf kid; that it whs of dometliihg like’ ZOOvbiilok. Tho old- mqo. know. : thkfe,‘’bo' Said, but 'supposed that,ha would 'get there some timoJfnodldlO or 12, miles a day.’ Tbo sergeant potnted out that oveb if • ho got to Bolranald, which was very improbable, no would never bo able to work: Tho old rolfbw protested that ho could do a day’s beside Any roan, dbd expressed liia yopugnaneo aVbolhg dopendeqt on .Govorn ibdot ■ tor the 1 first -time In bis life, Tho bench, howovor, 1 convinced’ that tho Benevolent Asylum’ was ibd best place for. him, fell in with ’fho sergeant’s Suggestion, and Mfm til) Tuesday to see if there would b® on pnebTng'flje qaeftnttmp,^ SPEED V. LYONS—As wos anticipated, the case of Speed v. Lyons, sot down for Ijooring at tho civil sittings,of tho Supremo Court, is: to bo referred to arbitration, Yesterday, on tho application of Mr, Kirby, it ' was ad journed until next court with that object. Too Clever fob an Honbrt Man.—A young man named Walter Lyons was. chargedat tho - City Fq)}CO Court yes terday morning with stealing n Ijox of butter from a waggon which was in the yard of Mr. Manning, hotel-keeper, of Bridge street. From tbo clover manner, in .which ho cross-examined, the oonstabl.es when they were giving evidence, and bis efforts' to impute - various charges of assault,' bib., against them, it Was ovidont'to tho bench that ho whs by no means a novico'in police court proceedings. On referring to Sergeant Fahey ft yrns found tiiht' their surralsq wgs correct, his latest appearance having been -irj tho Tatura ‘ pourfc,^ vifropo bo was .lju'dor an alias to twelve months’ imppispninont for. loroony, Tbo bench, after warning him to abstain from stealing and bringing empty unsubstantiated charges against tho police, sent him to gaol for three moo the. Carelessly Lighting a Roadside Fire. —Our Sorponfcino correspondent writes;—A bush fire brojio out horo on Wednesday even ing in A paddock belonging , to tho Hon. D. Coutts, opposite the ofd ■pommopgjal Hotel. Fortunately tho fire spread sjovyly, and with tho help of tbo residents it wo® mastered with tho loss of about! 100; acres of grass.. The fire, it is stated, originated' through a man named W. G. Langley, a bird catcher, lighting * firo too oloso to ;the grass. Ho was arrested by Cpustablo Foley, and 'yesterday morning was brought before Messrs Laird and Bissett, J’s.P., and was fined £1 or seven' days. Yesterday afternoon tho firo broke out again in’ tho bijirae paddoqk and fully, another 12J acres of grass vreiy) burned. ■- Another 1 Offender. — Robert Scott, n swagman, was, 'at tho Rochester Police Court, yesterday, ’ charged, before Messrs, Seward, Rankin and Read, with setting firo Jo 160 ,aoce,8 ;of gr«88 bdonging te’flip Hon. W. T. Webb. oHSO waf fully,proved, defendant admitting. Aho’ Careless u8o"6f fl.ro. He was .fljneji'iJ0«,. or£4 days. ’’Tbo fine was paid. : ‘J}t/CKLBY ' 8TftEET ; Pl«MITIVB; MKlUOPIST : CnuabiD—On Wednesday a' “ Mamed'y Moo’s Tea? was given in f’ho Cbupcb, and viebt ..off. vory'plcaaantly., . Tho tables wore woltjhj upon by martiod men only, who ‘ performed* thoir duties-well. ' At tho subsequent. public meet*' iog Mr. Bailes, M.jL.A/ presided, ond gave au-.fhtereetlng address. Suitable solos - were sung by Messrs. J. Tregear and J. W. Warren, while choruses were rendered _ by tho “Famous Married Mon-’fl Choir.” Recita tions ward well rendered-by Messrs. H. Rose- well, J. Ridley/anu Stanbury, and a dialogue by, a number of benedicts.. amounted to about ,£15. Votes of tn»".. proposed by Mr. Ridley. and seconded by Mr. Old, brought tho gathoring to n o)dso. Pioneer Starr-Bowkett Sooibxy.— The result of the .last .mooting for. tho’sale of £1000 is olsowboro. advertised.- Tho annual mooting of this society passed over very successfully. Tho report and amended rules wore adopted. For tbo directory the two old members (Messrs. Matthews and Boardman), a'nd Mr. Jarrett woro olcctod. Very little discussion onsuod on tbo amended rales, as no morabor could exception to-tbom, as; ono part tends to a roduotion. of the diroc torate, and another gives, power. to tho: directors to buy ballots for tbo 'shardbpldors' profit aro 'requested to call, at tho office. Tomperahco Hall, .for-thoir pass hooks,' and as. tho ndxt”£lO()0’ -wlll bb' djslirihutod by ballot, all members should 'fhomsolvoa financial in order to participate.- ' applications amounting to £§000 \yece' rq ooived at tho sale of £1000 referred to .above. Intending sbareholdors can obtain .pro-; ■speotuBcs, reports, and all'information at tho' district office,.Tomporanco Hall, View Point,. A ballot of £100 for 12i- years free of interest,' is Tor sale at Mr. Grimley’s office,Tomporanco Hall. ; . Prospects at Milphba,—it is. estimated that this season’s raisin orop.at Mildura 'will be worth'£60,000,; At a publio 'tnepting held; •there on Wednesday evening thp. fiubjeot of utiHsihg tho by-produols of tho raisin crop: was debated; many .speakers contending that: tbd gropos and .’raisin refuse . Should bo worked’ Up into grapo binmdy. Tho irepre-' sontntivps of tfab tCmpCrahoe section ‘ stxoogly jH'qtested against .this/', ph ( tbo- ground that: they came there under tho 1 belief tha/J Mildura was to. bo a tomperahco Colony- ' tbo general effect of tho disoussiou was. to -show that’tho majority favored the establishment oL p dis tillery. Tbo apricot prop is* now. cpmilng'in freely. . The local fruit preserving company ims roooramCncod * operations. Tbo. : first poaches'of tbq sCason oamo in on iWodnoaday last. ■ Tbo'Crop gofioraHy promiaoB wolK ! The :MERoANTiLk Defendants.—^ 1 l'T{io:'dpnosiiions in tbo caso of. the Mercantile! Bank, In which Sir ,M. H. Davies, Mr. T,. B.! Muntz and Mr. Frederic Millidge have been; ‘cCmmltted to-tCko -thelr trlaiAn the ohargo'Cfi having publishod a’.&tatoment; of’ aocomits of the '.bank, called “ Directors’ ' report'And balahcpAhoqt l>Ll§t .FMmiapy,^lfl92,V'LavoAqt. •Ctowpij^bgcdiitord." 1 Mr. ’Wnlsb, Q.c, : M, H. Davies bit's written to Law doportmoiit, giving them natibo' .thbj: ■h6 is desirous of being tried separately, and also of bavlng his caso : heard this .raontbi i notice will bo referred' to tho Grown prCso outors, ;to whonv a. similar notice by Mr.. Muniz was. refer rod a fow days ago.—Argus. The Police Gazette notlflbs :—C. Sexton, : farrior, jKnowslby, roport8 8tolGn, on tho 23rd inst., a bay msro, aged, about 15 hands, short tall, whito spots,on; wither arid .nock, small wart oh noso and ’under forearm,; branded P& near shoulder. VaTuo, £8.—Henry Peck, geccor,’ Rohnca, reports stolen from,his dwell ing, on the 28ih ulA,' a silver tvnifchtfm watoli, “Charles 8tar v ongrayed on Insido of front Case,: and silver * curb chain'\yith , silver lookot attached, small pig on faoo. F$)up £3. —Henry W. Hill;. - grazier,; Minoha,* • soyon miles from Pyramid, reports stolen, betWeon tho lst aad Srd insb.; two bullocks, ■about 4 yoors Old, each branded EH near ribs, tor marked;-' Yaldo £10. ;■ .tt A.N.A.—Tho ordinary moeting of the Sand hurst Brimoh was held last oyoning, tbo prosideht/ Mr. D/ Campbell; In the chair. Gorpoapoudepqo was received- from .'Mr; J? Purchase, 'n’.mombmfjotoly oh tho- sick-: list expressing his ' satisfoofioh' At the skilful treatment of Dr. J. Boyd,. Prora.Mfc; S.-Pook, imefotary* of B.D.F.B.,,Asking 'that ’dologateB Aomihatind: t .to hot ih oonjiinctioh yvito too to tbo lnsututd in tho >matter;o£' tboAlCCtion of a«pqoialiat: for eye-atid Aar diseases; Throe noth! notions yvqro jakphiYor AjCmhersbipg r Tho following mombeto hOminated for CfBco -Yor Susurog^jir^oAths':;^/Ertoidedt;vVBlr..--’ , C£' frtokuroh Sit} Stapleton; Mctetoryj Messrs. fitr Cook: -f W;:,; MoEppn: ;to bog!nningv ;C^ntopar); a?8ise£»toCfary, Mr., /F, comihittco: J, g>; Mo&maohio;, Trembotb M. L Cah(U, Gq<5lr,A. Daynjond, G.GharlCsworlh, W,, Dayniond, . A, - K Dayar, Dauatan. J. Gorricv'A. Merrigon, J. Jonoa, A. Dunatan, T. Currie; delegates to fcbo annual conference, Messrs. Gurnow, Young, Glow. Daley, Buchan, Campbell, Hogan 5 auditors/. Messrs.". C. Uosking, & Morey, 'A, Grant, R. H. 8. Abbott. Messrs. I). A- CnropboUi G. Doloy, J. F. Hogan, M. J. CabiU, J. B. Roberta, J. R. Buchan, L. J. B. Wall, T, W. Orr wore.elected. na spocldl delegates to tho Medical ‘Institute. A report on sick mombora roftd by tho eoorotory Bhowod-, tbnt.iO members wore on tho sick Hat, .- 4rh° pfcnlo oommittco accepted tbo offer* •« tbo• Englobawk band tp play fttHfircoure- ler mission was given:, to Mr.. J. Blockherris to run a refreshment booth at tbo Trontbam picnic. Other matters dealt with at tho moot ing are reported elsewhere. ■-ANNiyHBSAUY Tea.—The annual ton and public meeting of-tbo Bihlo Christian Sunday school vires hold in tbo. aobool, MoKonzlo street, on Wednesday evening. The ton was dispensed by Misses Tillson (2), Knight, Painter, Healey, Howley, Rickards, and Mrs. Thomas. Tho Rev. H. Trebilcock presided at the public mooting. The secretary's report allowed that there was a balance in hand of £8. The programme aoinprisocV a dialogue by Maatoca H. Thomas, Alison, V. Thomas, S. Polglaise, W. Trevascus and E. Martin ; recitation by W. Russell ; a dialogue by Masters W, Nancarrow, R. Crooks, A. Till- son and S. Polglaise; recitation, C. Tillson; dialogue, Misses E. and B. Healy and McGeorge; recitation, R. Crooks. Matrimonial.—On Wednesday at the re si donee of the’ bride's mother, Mrs. Bailey, of Don street, her fourth daughter, Miss Nellie Bailey, was married by the Rev. Mr. Thompson, of Goldon Square, to Mr, Henry Tippett,, son of Mr. W. H. Tippett, of Happy Valley. Tho brido was handsomely and ap propriately attired, os also wore the brides maids,'Misses Ada and Ethel Bailey. J. Carter, B. Martin,Ethel and Elsie Honeybone and Nellie Emmett. Thq Pipop last;, named are little qhlldroh, And* looked- yory pretty In their ooalulnoa" ‘and carrying baskets of flowers, Mr. W. Honeybone, town clerk, and brother-in-law of. the bride, gave tbo brido away. The groomsmen were Messrs. J, and R. Tippett and B. Emmett. After tbo cere mony tbo wedding breakfast was partaken of, and a largo numbor of ghosts 'sat do wn. Tho health M tho. b'rWo and- by, Mr. Honeybone, and “Tbo-Paront«? by Me/ Emmett, woa ! 'duly honored and responded to. Numerous handsome,and serviceable pro* Bents Wore'mhdo to Ihobrido. ; : Ar.tRdij»‘ Wp-lshtno* 6? a WHn?moK 'Man.—At the Kynolbn’ races on Wednesday,' a roan giving tho name of Fred. Marshall was given into custody by. one Thomas .Morley, of Whipstiok, near Bendigo,; on «? charge of ay/indUpg toohnigaliy described as' larceny by trick. , It- is stated -that .Morley booked Soprano, the winner of'the Soiling Rice, and. that .on claiming the money duo to biro, Marshall tore the ticket up and ‘said “Oh 1 yob bablcod ; Agptoval, notwithstanding which he returned the. half-crown Morley had .de posited when' making, the hot, 1 Thereupon' Morley 'gavp ji|m Qq^bijy.— Qbacrybr. - ’ To Jurors.—Yesterday afternoon appre : bonding that the ease ho was then engaged Upon would oot/be finished that day, Chief Justice Madden -discharged all jurors who wero hot empanelled untUeloveu o’clock this morning. However, as tho ease was concluded jurors will now be required J.o bo in • attend ance at IQ o’clock a.m. in order that a panel may be obtained for the next base. Tub City Fife and Drum Band met for practice on Monday night. There was a good [attendance of members. Every effort is being made to turn out- at Christmas. Circulars have boon sent to all tho leading citizens of the city. i Dragged off a Lorry-—A young man named Joseph Saucett, 25 years or. age, bad - two narrow escapes yesterday. He - ,wog driving • a hrpwer’s "lorry 'up Mitchell street, when tho; polo become dbfaqhodl 1 'As he kept hold of the reins Iho horses dragged him off the beer barrel ho was sitting on, throwing Mm lipavily 9»1 i l l® Mo fell right.-in tho way of tf)e 'aqyanoing lorry, which' was being ’drawn along’ by the trapes, b‘lt for*- i tanatoly fcho vehicle swhrved to one side just before reaching him, Ho was taken to Iho hospital, where it was found ’his right wrist and hip were strained. It is not, however, yet known whether ho is injured internally or not. Richard Veal. the miner who was injured a fow weeks »go:iu the Confidence Extended mine by a blasting: accident, is progressing \- favourably in tho hospital. The doctors now believe they'will bo able to save tho sight of both eyes. Meeting ; at the Town Haw,.—In tho mayor’s room to-hlght at 8 o'clock, a meeting of citizens will be held to recognise the scr vices of Inspeoter-O’Flaherty and. Sergeants Mahoney and Fahey, prior to their removal land-retirement respectively. Tbo mayor will' '*uea«lda^_L- J ; v. r ‘ -Land at isL.noW.--oM«ooi t a j. j. Hayo8*»no-> [ Co. yesterday at Elmore, sold a farm of 154 j, acres in the parish, of, Burnewang,"throe miles .from Elmore,, tho property-.'of Mr. James Barrett.' The bidding was spirited and tbo S baser was .Mr. J.’ -Butcher,' miller- of ; ordi-,.tho 8ftti8Paotory'prica_bt:£5 12s per aero boii»g‘realised.< » Undervaluing Australians. — At. lost night’s meeting of. the 'A-N.A. Mr. M. J, Cahill brought under notice tho proposed notion of' tho. iGovptnmcnt 'to send to -. thd'. United States-for a railway manager. Hp tbought there -wore plenty of men in tbo . colony capable of discharging tho duties, so ho suggested that the matter should bo brought under, the notice of tho association’s board of directors. - On tho advico of the president be gave notice of 'motion to that effect. ... Jt is rumored (says tho Ballarat Courier) that »n •'urauftneo of tbo policy of retronch monf, notices of will bo forwarded during tho course of;the next weC_ -to over 100 teachers in unclassified schools. “A Slight Exotjo Aboma.”—Somo time ago (writes Mr. T. Gassies of Tahilk in a letter to'tho Argus) I sent a sample of yip* torian made brandy (Chateau Tohilk Distjlr lery) ; to the experts attached to the tf Monlteur Vinicolo” of Paris. In the number of tho 12th Soptomboc is to bo found tbo reply {—“Your brandy is of good, .quality; ithaq finosso, .aroma, and a woll pronounced \vino,.tosto, and very-agreeable.. Wo - must ’specially mention tbat'lt is vory. well distilled, no boiler smoll, no ompyroumalic taste. Wo only,find a little hardness—to.givo so.mo mellowness it only Wants 'a litblo ageing. As tor its value on our market’, we cannot give it, because it has a slight exotic aroma which does not - oorres i pdnd , .VA -I fc&fm-.jfiw-;' p Difwoulties.— -MoasYf-' Aablpn dha 'Company, wino &hd; spirit mojrohantS, ‘bf Utblo'' Collips street, hove been cgmpeRdd to odll a meoliug of their oroditors for Monday. next. The lia bilities of : tho firm fire stated at $l0O,PQO. Tho firm has been established for over forty years, . Death op a Clergyman.—The Rov. John Harcourt, of Kew, died on. Wednesday even ing. -The deceased gentleman has served for nparly - bait a century .In tbo Wesleyan -ministry.,, which'ho'entered as "far back as <1845<, He preached , what proved Io bo his final sermon atbho Wesleyan Church, Kow, on last 8aoday.m .expected,: although dae. to natural cause?. Payment in Honors or Gash?—At last* , last night’s meeting .of tho A.N.A-, Mr. M. J. Cahill took OAOoption to tbo salai*y of tho treasurer,' £16 a year. ‘ Hp admitted"that tbo association whs' in flourishing. plrc^tpstanoes, . bujb th'at was ‘ no reason why go tod rast'and into^lh’o-Vibso ojAtion. H'o sajld tho dfllco wap An 'honqrTn itself,'and bo ibdy should mak.O the salary as'nearly honorary' as the law would permit. Ho tboroforo movcd that the salary be reduced to £4 ‘ 4a a ‘year. . Members generally objectod . to) such .drastic 'retrench ment),.And Mr, J.' H. Daniels pointed.out that, tbo treasurer frequently bh? 'to • business to attend meetings. , A Jot of money .' -goes through his hand.Sj . and thoro was oon aiuCrablp rasponslbility altadhod. lo the posl tlon/8o hd c -?id-ROt:,tblnka year was: onythihg too much. mover and sodondor, wore of r. • ; ojfinfon, oa -thoy. yptod in a’ Vbddy againit the, .roduotidu. •- ■ •’ ' - The Weather. -Thp • ?*]?$'>g« at Mr. Grodginglon's yesterday were'; — -Thormo .rootcr -9 a.m., Yl° ; 12 noon, 79fi ;3p.m.* 82°.;. 6 p.rh M 77® ; innit, 83° ; min., 65®, Barometer—9 a.m M 29 i 47.; 6 p.m., 29*60,. . .Messrs. Q. H. Hobson and Co. wilt sell to-day, at 11 o'clock, at the .London Chartered Bank, the 1 artistic modem * household furniture of Mr. W. H. Hill. • The preliminary announcetaieote ’■ of ’ -two impor-, tant sales by anotion-bf ’ modem. household. furni- -. tore, graad piano by John Brinsmead aud Nous,' etc., appear in our auctipn colamh, to be; con-' ducted by Messrs. HI M. ond Go, .on early. dates bn account of the' executors'of the. late Mr. Chas, Ross; J;P,,' and Mr. Mahoney. '• Full. par timilan wHl appesr in future'advertisements. * •' > 