FICTION. THE HOUSE BY THE COMMON (BY THOMAs CoBB.) CHAPTER VIII.-MRS HUTCHINS'S GHOST. It was certain that some one at The Friars needed the services of a medical mac, and after my experiences of the pre vious night, I could hardly doubt that it was Dora. That she had broken down as a consequence of her over-wrought mental condition was not surpriaing, although when she left me on Tuesday I had been struck by her appearance of health and strength. Indeed, until last night, when Ihad seen her leaning on Mrs Manning tree for support, and heard her cough, I had marvelled not a little that she be trayed such slight physical signs of her mental excitement. Whilst too anxious for her sake, too impatient to hear the result of Donaldson's visit, to think much of myself, I felt somewhat sore that Lascelles had not summoned me instead of Dr. Smith. For doubtless had Lascelles been aware of Dr. Smith's absence he would not have come to the house. It is my experience that a locum tenens is generally avoided. It was not as if Mrs Manningtree had been dissatisfied with my treatment of her husband; had this been the case, I should scarcely have been bidden to the funeral and certainly not to luncheon afterwards. But presently another idea occurred to me. Perhaps, after what had passed between us on Tuesday, Dora pre. ferred not to avail herself of my services. At last I heard footsteps outside, and to my great satisfaction they stopped at Dr. Smith's door. This was opened by a latchkey. Donaldson left his companion in the hall while he went to the dispen sary, and presently returning nushared Mr Lascelles out, and entering the dining room with a sigh of relief, threw himself into an arm-chair. 'Tired as a horse,' he exclaimed ; 'dead beat. Awfully sorry to leave you so long my dear fellow. If I had guessed it was so far I would have had the carriage out.' 'You have been to Mrs Manningtree's,' I answered, ' to The Friars.' ' Who on earth told you that I' he asked, looking up from the cigarette he was roll ing. 'I was looking outof the window when you started; I saw you leave the house with Lasoelles,' I replied, trying to appear at ease. ' You know the man ?' 'Very slightly. A little while ago I had a patient at the house-Colonel Man ningtree. He died a month or so ago.' ' Oh, Mrs Manningtree's husband. A devilish fine woman, Mrs Manningtree, Everest. Well, my dear fellow,' he added, as he lighted his cigarette, ' upon my word, I am awfully sorry if I have cut you out.' 'I don't care a rap about that,' I assured him. 'What I want to know is the name of your patient, and if it is the one I fear, all about the affair. The fact is, I take a-a great interest in- ' 'In my patients, perhaps. If you do, I am sorry for you, old man.' 'Who is your patient f' I demanded. 'For heaven's sake, don't beat about the bush." 'Miss Manningtree. I am sorry. tosay she is in a bad way, too.' .' In a bad way !' Icried.' Impossible ! When I saw her on Tuesday she was well as I am.' 'No,' he said, gravely. ' Miss. Man ningtree has not been so well as you are for a long time. She has not been any thing like well for many months past. Bullo, Everest ! what's up ? You look as white as she does' 'Do you mean to say that her mind has given way, then 1' I demanded, leaning forward as I clutched the a'ms of my chair. 'Her mind-' he said, looking be wildered. 'I heard nothing about her mental state. Miss Manningtree is suf. fering from phthisis, evidently a long. standing, neglected case. There's a good deal of tubercle-in fact,I give her a week to live.' As I listened I felt utterly lost. Pre sumedly Donaldson was sane, yet if he was sane, assuredly I must be mad. There was no reason to doubt him, I could not believe him. If he had told me of a breakdown of her nervous system, that she suffered from inflammation of the brain, I should have credited his words without hesitation, but that Dora was the victim of phthisis in an advanced stage appeared absolutely incredible. 'Donaldson,' I cried, 'you are making some lamentable mistake.' 'My dear fellow,have you stethoacoped Miss lManningtree 1 because I did so an hour ago. I tell you that one lung is gone, that the other is going. Her life is not worth a week's purchase. I amsorry f it hits you hard, Everest.' 'It would hit me hard if it were true,' Sreplied, careless of his feelings in my uintense excitement. 'But it is not true, it cannot be true. I am not saying that your diagnosis is wrong-' ' thought you were,. it sounded like 'Tell me what your patient is like,'"I aid ; ' describe her as exactly as you can.' 'Well, she must be tall-above the average height, I should say--about wenty, or barely twenty years of age,and uite unusually fair.' 'Miss Manningtree is the moat beauti ul girl I ever beheld, I exclaimed. Ye-es,' he replied, critically, 'a little while ago she may have been good-look ing. sow, of course,she is a mere wreck, wasted, hollow-cheeked, and at times here's a good deal of hectic.' 'Then,' I cried as I rose from the chair, it is not Dora.' 'That was certainly the name by which Mrs Manningtree spoke of my patient to Mr Lascelles, Everest.' 'Before her-to your patient's face I' I asked. 'I don't remember. Lascelles came to the bed-room while I was there 'Which room was it ?' r On the first floor,to the right of the house as you face it,'he answered. And this was certainly Dora's bedroom. ' How, by what name did she address Mrs Manningtree ?' I persisted, still un able to believe. SMy dear fellow,' he said, 'you cannot have listened to what I have been saying. Misa Manningtree is quite beyond speak ing.' I strode up and down the room in per. plexity. ' Donaldson,' I said, stopping in front of his chair, ' you will think I am mad, but I tell you that as truly as I stand here, your patient is not Dora Man ningtree. Who she is I don't pretend to know, nor why she should be so de scribed-unless Dora has a twin sister. But she is not Dora.' ' Of course, old fellow, I know only what her mother told me.' ' Her stepmother,' I hinted. ' Oh, I did not understand that. How ever, it makes no difference. 1 tell you what, Everest; I am not supposed to know that you have been attending anyone at the house. The case is quite serious enough for a consultation. I will ask for one, and if Mrs Manningtree agrees, you meet me. Perhaps you will then be con vinced.' 'If I see, of course, I must believe,' I said; ' but, upon my soul, I cannot believe it without seeing.' Thanking Donaldson warmly for his suggestion, which, if acted upon, would solve my doubts in a day or two, I took my leave, and on reaching the street, staggered like a drunken man. Sleep was out of the question, and feel. ing, foolishly enough, that the sight of the house would further the solution of the mystery, I turned my steps towards The Friars. The sky was blackly overcast; not a light was to be seen anywhere, nor could I penetrate the mental darkness which encompassed me. I stood long outside the house looming dark before me, watching the solitary light which fell through the blind of Dora's window. I removed my hat to catch the faint night breeze on my burning forehead, and the entire force of my being was con centrated in one prayer for help. How 1 passed the wretched inactive night,I know not, nor the equally purposeless day which followed it. I went about my work, but at each bedside Iseemed to look down on Dora's face. Although nothing had happened to alter my opinion, her illness seemed less im possible, as the idea of it became more familiar: And,ridiculous as it may appear, that which, more than anything besides, inclined me to. believe in the truth of Donaldson's report was Dora's own fore. boding of evil. There still remained many facts which I could not reconcile ; but there was almost less difficulty in.believ ing either that Donaldson's diagnosis was wrong on the one hand,or that his patient was not Dora Manningtree on the other. The day passed without a word about the consultation, but before proceeding to Dr. Smith's house, once more I turned my steps towards The Friars, this time with a definite purpose. I waited at the corner of 'he lane until, at a few minutes past nine,I saw Mrs Hutchings, the woman who had not passed a day without going to the house since the week before Colo nel Manningtree's death. When I accosted her, she was so startled as almost to drop her well-filled basket. She was a tall, clean- looking woman of fifty, wearing a grey shawl over a black dress, and a black velvet bonnet adorned by crimson poppies. 'I don't know whether you remember me,' I said, walking by her side, towards Mount Ephratm, 'I am Dr. Everest. I attended Colonel Manningtree.' I am anxious for a few minutes' conversation with you-my house is not far off.' ' I'm always willing to oblige,' she answered, 'and nursing I've done in plenty-both monithly and-aick. But at present I'm not opei, being engaged till September, which is a certainty.' I induced her, nevertheless, to enter the house, and after a futile attempt to hide the neck of a bottle with the lid of her basket, she discreetly drew her shawl over it and sat down. 'Well, Mrs Hutchings,' I began, ' and hoe are things going along at The Friars?' 'Which it isn't my 'abit to gossip, sir,' she answered. 'Keep your eyes and ears open and your mouth shut is my motto except for victuals and drink, though moderate at that.' 'Just so. Are you still the only person employed at the horse 1' 'I am, sir; except my daughter,as helps, occasional.' 'And you, I believe, go home to sleep?' I inquired. 'I do, sir, and 1 won't say but what it is convenient,' she said, glancing down at her bulging shawl, ' and to tell you the truth, which I always do and always will, I shouldn't sleep if I didn't go home. I am not what you can call a nervous party, but it's my belief-and those may deny it who like-that there's ghosts a-walking in that house l' At another time I might have smiled at the assertion, but I was incapable of any thing of the kind to.night. My thoughts at once flew to Dora's account of her ex periences on the night of Colonel Man ningtree's death. 'What makes you believe that, Mrs Hutohings ?' 'There's many things as make me believe it, sir, if you can call them things, which I don't know what else to callem,' though they ain't. First of all, it was at the time ot the poor. Colonel's death. I knew he would never get well again from the bginning. Warnings ain't wasted like that.' ' Warnings ' I ejaculated. 'If they wasn't, what was they I' she asked defiantly. 'Sometimes it was foot steps where there wasn't any feet. Sometimes it was voices where there wasn't any tongues.What it must have been like in the night, goodness only knows it was enough to freeze your blood in the day !' ' What kind of noises ?' I asked. ' Cries like some poor soul in trouble, sir, that's what they was. Trampings up and down where there wasn't any huming soulto tramp. Oh, dear, and I've got to walk home to-night 1' 'Do you mean to tell me,' I demanded, 'that you heard these cries just before Colonel Manningtree's death 1' 'Yes, sir, and just after his death to.' With difficulty I suppressed an outcry of amazement. Great heaven! I I was actually recciving confirmation of Dora's statement, of the statement whichI h ad always regarded as the outcome of her exitedimagination. Yet this confirmation only intensified the mystery. Until now, I had believed that those sounds were purely subjective. But Mrs Hutchings had heard them as well as Dora. Not, of course, the identical cries, since these troubled Dora in the night, when the woman would have been sleeping in her own house. 'The strangest thing is,' Mrs Hut chings continued, 'that now poor Miss Dora is ill, the warnings have c,me again ?' ' What; you still think that you hear Colonel Manningtree's voice in the house ? For I had actually seen my pati.out after his heart had ceased to beat. 'Whose,voice it is, sir, it ain't for me to say ; only it isn't Miss Dora's, because she's too ill, poor dear. The only sound that comes from her room is her cough, and that's enough to break your'art. It is'nt Mr Lascelles's voice, nor Mrs Manningtree's, and it isn't forme to make no assertions, though I know what it means, as I told Mr Lascelles.' ' You told him. What did he say 1' I asked. 'Well, sir, I'm a poor woman with eight living, but I've got my principles. I shouldn't like to repeat it for fear of a judgment which-: you may never know what shape it'll take. tie spoke loud,and he spoke strong, until Mrs Manningtree pacified him, which I only told him of the noises the same in the daytime and in the dark, and the same before the poor Colonel died, says. The house is a quiet house, sir, and when you're shearing of the clock ticking and not a breath besides, and then there comes a sigh fit to break your 'art, if you've got one, it do make you coll all over, though it's only a sperrit.' ' You have not been in the sick room ?' I asked. 'No, sir; Mrs Manningtree is that devoted she do it all herself, with no nurse nor nothing. Night and day she'll sit up, not minding a bit. I'm sure it was a shock to me When I came on Friday morning and heard Miss Dora was ill ; an awful shock it were. Send for Dr. Eve rest-that was what I said.' 'Yes,yes,but where was Miss Manning tree the day before you were told she was ill-on Thursday ?' 'At home, to be sure, as she well nigh always is, and no doubt feeling the com plaint a coming on. Mrs Manningtree she started out after luncheon, and when I put, on my bonnet and shawl at nine oclock,, she hadn't come home.' Miss Dora comes running down to the kitchen and begs and implores me to stay till the mistress returned.' ' Why didn't you stay ?' I asked. ' Ah, why, indeed. ' Stay, my dear,' says I, of course I will ; when there stood Mr Lascelles behind Miss Dora, just as if he had started out of the ground. He used language again, sir, and almost bun. bled me out of the house.' ' Where was Miss Manningtree when you left The Friars ?' T inquired. 'She ran away frightened. heard her shut the door of her room. I noticed she looked scared like,which was no doubt the consumption in the system. When I came next morning, as I was saying, Miss Dora was very bad, and Mrs Manning tree had been up all night.' ' Yet they did not send for a medical man for several hours,' I said half aloud. 'Some folks never will, sir, though I always do say-' ' As a fact,' I said, ' you have not seen Miss Manningtree since nine o clock o Thursday night.' 'No, sir, I've not, which is gospel truth,' was the answer. One question was thus settled beyond all doubt : it could not have been Dora whoii I saw on Rusthall Common at midnight. Unless, indeed, Mrs Manning tree returned soon after Mrs Hutchings' departure and started out thus late with her step-daughter. But this appeared exceedingly unlikely. Yet if it was not Dora, who was it? 'Who were in the house when you arrived on Friday-yesterday morning 1' I asked. 'Mr Lascelles and Mrs Manningtree, sir, and not a soul besides them, and Miss Dora.' 'You have neither seen nor heard a stranger in the house ?' I persisted. ' What I heard, i've told you, sir. But there's not any huming person in that house but them three, which I'd main tain with my dying breath.' 'Thank you,' I replied, and request. ing her not to mention our interview, and placing in her not unwilling hand a sove. reign, I let her out of the house. CHAPTER IX.--MR CARTWRIGHT. I felt ae if I were acting in a dream, as if I were the victim of some horrible nightmare. Events would not harmonise; everything was disjointed. On Thursday night I had seen Mrs Manningtree enter The Friars with a companion, who could not have been Dora, eioce Mrs Hutchings had seen Dora at home as late as nine o'clock. Yet this visitor, whoever she was, appeared to be no longer at The Friars. This was mystery number one. Donaldson's patient was dying from phthisis; was called by Dora's name; her description answered to that of Dora. Yet only a few days ago I could have sworn that Dora's lungs were perfectly sound. This was mystery number two. Then Mrs Hutchings had described certain ghostly noises even as Dora had described similar sounds at the time of Colonel Manningtree's death. These noises were audible again now, and this was mystery number three. Now one thing seemed clear amidst the mist which enshrouded all besides. I had been wrong in attributing Dora's ex periences on the night following the day of her father's death to illusion. There remained this question, was I wrong also in ascribing her dread foreboding also to fancy ? True, it might be due to the de pression preceding her present illness to assume that she was really ill; but, on the other hand,her dread might have been justified by circumstances of which I was still ignorant. For, undoubtedly, when I listened to ber on Tuesday, I was filled with the idea that she told me only the sequel to her previous imaginary experi ences. (To be continuted.) Teacher: 'Can you mention a species of coldblooded animal which multplies with astonishing rapidity P' Son of Journalist: ' Yes, the creditor. That's what pa says when his no e comes due.' Dealer : ' This is the best parrot we have, but I won't sell him without letting you know his one fault; he'll swear if his food doesn't suit him.' Miss Fit : ' I'll take him; it will seem quite like having a man in the house.' 