The State of London. In Southey's " Colloquies on Society," published 1820-31, there is an interesting imaginary conversation between Sir Thomas Move {his ghost) and Monix'sinos, from which we give a few condensed extracts. The neglect of social wrongs commented on has iiot been removed by the rulers of England, one of whom. Lord Salisbury, has been publicly shamed in Court (if he can be alia wed) for forcing rent from the miserable inhabitants of .rookeries which were adjudged unlit for human habitation. The refonus come. and have come from tl:e Socialists, whose spirit has permeated the County Council, but the flange:- grows since there is no determined effort of amelioration, while the vagu6 and fierce discontent of tlie time of the Jacobins has now taken shape, form, aud purjMBc, and lias pejmeafed the ranks of the best classes of workmen. The idea of violcncc is abroad, and unless relief comes quickly the eatastrophy predicted in the " Colloquies " may liappen anv -day, and the aristocrats and plutocrats of the metropolis become the "Submerged Tenth." The discontents of 1S30 are trivial compared with those of to-day. Sir Thomas More.—In a countay where one part of the. community enjoys the highest advantages of civilization with which any people upon this globe liare ever in any age been favored, there. |is among the lower classcs a -mass of ignorancc, vice, and wretchedness, which no generous heart can contemplate without grief, and which, when the other signs of the limes arc considered, may reasonably excite alarm for the fabric of society that rests upon such a base. resembles the tower • in your own vision, its beautiful summit elevated "above all other buildings, the foundations placed upon the sand, aud mouldering. Montcsinos.— " Rising so high, and built so insecure, 111 r.iay such perishable work endure!" You will not, I hope, coiue to that conclusion! evil prophet— You will not, I hope, say with the " The fabric of lier power is undermined; The Earthquake underneath it will have lray, . And all that glorious' structure, as .the wind Scatters a summer cloud, be swept away!" Sir T.—Look at the populaccof London, and ask yourself wliat security there is that the same blind fury which broke out in your childhood against the Roman Catholics may, not he excited against the government, in one of those opportunities which accident is perpetually offering to the desperate villains whom your laws serve rather to protect than to punish! Mon.—It is an observation of Mercicr's, that despotism loves large cities. "The remark was made with reference to. Paris only a little wliile before the French, devolution! But even if he had looked no further than the liistory of his own. country and of tliat very metropolis, he might have found sufficient proof that insubordination and ararchy like them quite as well. Sir T.—London is the heart of your commercial system, hnt it is als stlie hot-bed of corruption. It is at once (he centre of -wealth and the sink of misery. . . . . Many thousands in your metropolis rise every morning without knowing how they are to subsist during the day, or many of It them where they arc to; lay their heads at night. All men, even the vicious themselves, know, that wickedness leais to misery; but many,, even among the goal and. the wise, have yet to learn that miserv is almost as often the cause of wickedness. M>W-—There arc many who know this, but believe tliat it is not in t]ie power "of human institutions to prevent this misery. They see the effect, but regard the causes as inseparable from the condition of nature. human Sir T.—As surely as God is good, so surely there is no such thiDg as necessary evil. For by the religious mind sickness and pain and death arc not to be accounted evils. Moral evils arc of your own making, and undoubtedly the greater part of them may be prevented Ask yourself whether he wretched creatures of whom we are disoursing are not abandoned to "their fate a ithout the slightest attempt to rescue tliem a rom it ? . . . . To the dangers of an t ppressive] and iniquitous order, such, for f d l t example, as exists where negro slavery is established, you are fully awake in England. "but to those of defective order among yourclvcs, though, thtfy are- precisely of the same nature, you are blind. And yet you have spirits among you who are laboring day and night to stir up a helium servile, an insurrection like that of Wat Tyler, of the Jacquerieaud of the peasants in Germany. There : is no provocation for this, as there was in all those dreadful convulsions of socicty; but there are misery and ignorancc and desperate wickcdncss to work upon, which, the want of order has produced. Thiuk for. a moment what London, nay, what the whole kingdom would be, were your Catilines to succeed in exciting as general an insurrection as that which was raised by one madman iu your own childhood! Imagine the infatuated and infuriated .wretches, whom not Spitalfields, St. Giles's, and Piwlico alone, but all the janes and alleys and cellars of the metropolis would pour out—a frightful population, whose multitudes, when gathered together might .almost exceed belief.' The streets of Loudon would appear to team with them like the land of Egypt with its plague of frogs: aud the lava floods from a volcano would be less destructive than the hordes whom your great citics and manufacturing districts would vomit forth! Mod.—Such an insane .rebellion would speedily be crushed. Sir T.—Perhaps so. But three davs were enough for the Fire of London. And be assured this would not pass away withou^ leaving in your records a memorial as durable and more dreadful. Mon.—Is such au event to be apprehended ? Sir T.— Its possibility at least ought always to be borne in mind. The French Revolution appeared lnueh less possible wlien the Assembly of Notables was con- i voked; and the people of France were much I--'3s prepared for the career of horrors into which they were presently hurried. b i t l c i d b A m a 