2NEWS ND NOTES. WE should not be a bit surprised if all the banks in the colony opened to-day or to morrow, judging by the quick way in which the financial clouds have rolled by. OwD o to the financial crisis, Mr. W. H. Whiting will not hold his stock sale in Yea to-morrow, as advertised, but he telegraphs that he will be here to transact any business required by clients. PARENTS would do well to keep a sharp look out during the mushroom season. A two-year-old son of Mr. M3. P. Kelly had a narrow escape through eating some on Tues day nignt, and Dr. M'Connochie only just managed to save the little chap's life. TIcERE has been a regular exodus from Station-street during the last few days. Mr. M. Dunn has shifted his hay and corn store, livery and-bait -tables,- to- Oliver street, and the rear of the railway-tank, near the Yea Butter Factory; while his joint tenants, Mr. S. Dodgehun, commission agent, and Mr. L. Vonmard, watchmaker, have removed to High-street, next door to the Yea Pharmacy. MBs. KZEY, of Miller-street, had a strange experience lately. She was away for a few weeks' holiday in Melbourne, and on her return found everything in the parlor turned topsy-turvey. while there were numerous breakages in all directions. On looking for the cause, she was astonished to find that two 'possums had been "burglar ing," but they must have fared rather badly, for one was lying dead on the floor, while his mate was perched on the top of the curtain-pole, it being also in the last stages of hunger. This will account forthestrange noises so often heard on the roofs of houses in Yea. Those who are afraid of ghosts might remember this little incident. Tnrtollowing notification is published in the Gaettlle:-" Burning of Fencing, &c.;, at Ti-Tree Creek, near Yea.-£50 Reward. Whereas a log and brush fence on the pro perty of Mr. David Tyrer, of Ti-Tree Creek, near Yea, was, on the 2nd February, and again on the 16th March last, found to have been set on fie in several places, resulting in the destruction of a considerable quantity offencingandgrass: And whereas there is no doubt that such fires were wil fully caused: Notice is hereby given that a reward of £25 will be paid by the Govern ment, in addition to a reward of £25 offered by Mr. Tyrer, for information which will lead to the arrest and conviction of t:e person or persons who caused the fires.-J. B PArrEsos. Chief Secretary's Office, Melbourne, 2ith April, 1893." To-sonRnow rs. Abbott and Wilson will hold their nal monthly stock sale at the Yea sale-yai.I OLD FRE.SEs I Mr. A. W. Wallder, the well-known Sey or auctioneer, will regret to learn that he d to go to Melbourne, in order to get an ration performed for that troublesome col 1 disease, hydatids. THe suggesti de several times in the CHRONICLE as rming a Stock P'rotection Association has a taken up at Tallarook, where an Upper ilburn Cattle Protection Association has n started. THE Seymour ferrph is showing signs of renewed activ , being now issued twice a week. The Se nour people can therefore boast of having vo of the best country papers in the col y published in their town. WmILST the p s wsas going on in Mel bourne on Mond , the Bank of New South Wales held its ha yearly meetingin Sydney, and declared a di dend of 15 per cent. The usual 25 per cent beons in addition was not declaredl this ti e, but was carried to profit and loss act not. Goons AND P.?gCL.s at the Yea Railway station:--lorrie, Gotch and Chrystal, Low On, Gemmell, Kummer, M'Leish (Glenmore), Sandilands, Ferguson, Whipp, A. Drysdale, l'Leish (Murrindindi), Condon. A. R. Hume, J. Hume, Pickard, Mitchell, Clark, Jefferies, Blackman, lfatehett, Yorston, Rev. Father Brady. MEss~s. Trso ASD Co. notify that they are cash buyers of wool, sheepskins, hides, tallow, and all kinds of native furred skins, horse-hair, beeswax, ke. Being continental shippes. and pa?.ing the hinghest cash price on delivery at their stores. Dessonr's build ings, their enterprise shoold prove a conve nience tothe whole district. They are now prepared to take delivery bf 70,000 dozen rabbit, opossum, and other skins. Here is a real good chance for men tramping in search of work to earna living. Mr. Tyson is well known here as a formner osrner of Newry Park, which he and Mr. Neal sold to Mr. H. Burness three years ago. IF there are any boys or girls, men or women, who can spare a shilling or sixpence for the Women's lfospital, and do not care to send away so small a subscription, they can leave it at the the CHRONICLE office, and it will be forwarded to to the Mayoress of Melbourne. Worshippers at St. Luke's Church may put their contributions into an envelope and place thers on the collection plates on Sunday next. There are two or three wosmen in the Yea district whose lives were saved through admittance to that institution. The same can be said for every district in the colony. Let all who can, therefore, help it, he tie help ever so small, now that it is so badly in need of funds to carry on its work. THE Anglican Bishop of Melbourne visited this portion of his d?ocese last week, and preached on Friday night at St. Luke's Church. His Lordshi? dwelt principally on the Resurrection, settong forth in a forcible and eloquent manner, what the religion of Christ had done for maukind. Had there been no Resurrection, Dr. Goe declared. there would have been no hospitals, no insti tutions for the amelioration of the afflicted, none of those great agencies which are working for good in every part of the habi- table globe. He quoted the words of an old New Caledonian chief to a missionary who had spent 19 years there as to the efficacy of the Gospel in suppressing cannibalism, mur ders, andol inter-tribal warfare. That was what Christ's religion did in every land where it had been imade known. It substi tuted peace for warfare, love for hate, good for evil. In conclusion. before pronouncing the Benediction, the lBishop complimented the congregation on the improvements visible since his previous visit. He noticed that they had built a handsome parsonage for their beloved pastor, and had beautified God's house both inside and outside, as it so well befitted them to do, and he hoped they would always continue to do so. As old resident of the district, Mr. T. F. Roberts. died early on Saturday morning. He had been in failing health for some time past, and his friends noticed a gradual change for the worse a couple of months ago, though he did not appear to quite realise it himself. He had far some time been under Dr. M'Connochie's treatment, but went to Melbourne and placed himself under the care of .Dr. Eccles. But combined diseases of the liver and kidoeys had got too firm a hold, and medical skill was unable to stop them. The remains of the deceased were brought up by train on Saturlay night, and the funeral took place at the Molesworth East Cemetery (which he had been instru mental in getting set apart for a burial ground) on Sundayafternoon. It was very largely attended by friends from Molesworth, Yea, Cathkin. Yarck, Gobur, the Black Range, and Kilmore, where Mr. Roberts was well known, having been Rate- collector for the Kilmore and Yea Shires. The burial service was read by the Rev. C. H. Barnes, who at the close delivered an eloquent ser men, pointing out the good qualities which lay beneath the brusque and sometimes irri table manner of the deceased, which the complication of diseases accounted for. The late Mr. Roberts, who was 54 years of age, leaves a wife and grown-op family of sons and daughters. A sTATEMENT reported to have been made by Mr. H. Gyles Tumer, general manager of the Commercial Bank, that failing recon struction the moneys paid by depositors into the new trustaccounts would have to go into the liquidators' pot, and that if lie had not felt quite sure about reconstruction, his bank would not have accepted the deposits, created quite a sensation, and cases were at once stated by the other banks in course of reconstruction for the opinion of eminent counsel both in Melbourne antl Sydney. Mr. Isaacs (Solicitor-General) and Mr. J. Dennistoun Wood replied that moneys paid into trust accounts world be perfectly safe, and would not be divisible anmong the credi tors in the event of liluidation, but would be payable to the depostors in full. Mr. A. H. Simpson, an emiumnt equity lawyer in Sydney, was eqally eniphatic in favor of the safety of such deposits. Mr. Turner then wrote to the Press, naIssg that some quali tying statement muasf isa been omitted, and that neither he northis colleagues in other banks would have tallowed their old cus tomers to incur a k from which they did not see their way th ughlyto protect them. These statements ht tihe desired effect, and depositors in the sks undergoing recon stroction breathed ely once more. Tue shareholden f the National Bank of Australasia were alled together at the Athenmeum-hall ons esday to perform a re markable duty. I :he first place they had to adopt the repor ad balance-sheet for the last half-year, cwhi showed that the bank hadearned a clear fit during that tinme of £60,487 1Ss. l1; a statement by Mr. John Grice, the sihairman of directors, announcing the cir&sttancees; which made it necessary for the hid to suspend its business temporarily. The ischief, said Mr. Grice, seems to have bec started by a telegram which was sent abt a fortnight ago to \Western Australialtating that there was a run on the Natios Bank in Melbonrne. The false report 'b immediately contra. dieted, and quietlppeared to have been restored, but the ttile broke out afresh a week later, and idly spread to South Anstralia and Viia. The bank was undoubtedly solvesin fact in a splendid financial position. comparison of deposits and advancesfor t past tive years ashowed that they were r of steady, gradual progen and that s institution was well worthy of the on rnee that until the last few days had alis been reposed in it. The one gratifyingture of the unhappy affair was that thoareholders, at any rate, had done nothinjto wreck their own institution by soacing their shares. A scheme of recosetion would be placed before them at a ting -to be held to-day in the same place. IN reply to a request maddsome time ago by the Secretary of the Alexndra Hospital to the Treasurer of- the colony for an increase of subsidy to the in.itution, a reply has been received stating th~a an additional £50 per annum has been granted. CouosTr Y Boys AiD oRLs imight make a note of the following, and am upon it with advantage :-Tho prolific crop of mushrooms this season is providiuga means of livelihood for a number of people from the metropolis, who are camped in all directions around Beveridge and Doonybrook. The mushroom pickers run their supplies into Melbourne daily, and obtain a good price, clearing as much as £4 and £5 per week.-Kilmore Adrertiser. A matETrsc of Justices wps held at the Court-house on Tuesday, td form a roster for the remainder of the yea'. There were present: Messrs. E. S. Purcell, T. S. Scale, J. M'Cormick, D. M'Leish, and E. K. Car ver. Mr. M'Leish proposed, and Mr. Scale seconded, "That, in the absence of the Police Magistrate, the senior Justice take the chair on all occasions." The motion was carried, and also one for the adoption of the roster, as drawn. The names were so ar ranged that one country and one town Justice would sit together, the order being as follows :--Messrs. J. Bett and D. M'Leish, Messrs. E. S. Purcell and E. K. Carver, Me~rse. J. C. Sander gand J. M'Cormlek, Messrs. J. Quinlan and T. S. Scale. The dates will appear in next issue. Messrs. Bett and M'Leish will attend on Tuesday next. Toe shareholders, at the half-yearly meet ing of the Euroa Butter and Ice Company, will have a most gratifying balance-sheet laid before them. Besides paying 10 per cent. dividend and a bonus of 5 per cent (absorbing £555 18s. 7d.), the directors propose to appropriate £S00 to a reserve fund, carry forward to ncext account £390 IS-. 9d., and write off plant and buildings £250, besides setting aside £50 for painting buildings, thus disposing of a balance of profit and loss account of £2,040 17s. 4d. About 851 tons of butter have been turned out during the half-year, 631 tons of which were exported. All buildings and ap. pliances are paid for, and a substantial profit has been made on the sales of butter, considerably more than will pay all working expenses. This has been largely increased by tile Government grant of £834 lls. 5d. on account of building bonuses, and £690 for butter exported, which have had the effect of placing the company in a happy position of affluence. A aEscrTcG of the Yea Athletic Club was held on Monday night at the Caledonian Hotel. Present: Mlessrs. F. W. 'etch (President), C. S. JM'Kay (Treasurer), S. Sutton (Secretary), D. Borrie, and If. S. Conlaan. The President reported that he had received a promissory-note for £6 Is. from Mr. F. Martin, the late Secretary, for moneys received in connection with the New Year's Day Sports. A programme was drawn up, the amount of the prizes being fixed at £15. It was decided, on the motion of the President and Treasurer, to have 100 copies of the programme printed and distri buted, tile advertising being left to the discretion of the Secretary. On thie motion of lessrs. M'Kay and Conlan, it was re solved to wrive to the 1 ea Brass Band, and ask for their services at the sports, on terms to be agreed upon. Mr. l'Kay proposed, and Mr. Borrie seconded, hat thie Secretary write to the Trustees of tlij Yea Recreation Reserve for permission to hold the sports on the Queen's Birthday, ant also re charges for admission. Tihe i'resid?tt proposed, and Mr. Conlan seconded, thba 50 per cent. of the net takings at the ga?e be Ianded to the Trustees of the Receation Reserve. The motion was carried. ýit was decided, on the motion of the Presilent and Trea surer, that Mr. M'Intosh berequested to fix the jumps, &c.;, and that ý1 be paid for same. The meeting adjour d till the fol lowing Monday, 8th inst. 