OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Just recently on the North Brothers Island, the place set apart by the Government for infectious diseases, a wretched tramp gave up the ghost, whose miserable end deserves some- thing more than a passing notice. When removed from the old tumble down tenement in this city, where he was taken sick, he was covered with rags and vermin ; yet this man was once a millionaire-handsome of per- son, a lady-killer too, "the glass of fashion and the mould of form." He was known hero for many years as Baron Schultz, and had the distinc- tion of being the last husband of Madam Anna Bishop, the great English soprano who was once the wife of the celebrated composer, Sir Henry Bishop. No woman on the operatic stage in Euglan¡ had made such rapid strides in public favour as Anna Bishop. Blessed, or cursed, as the case may be, with superb personal beauty and a phenomenal voice, she at once became the idol of the most aristo- cratic circle in England. Her husband had been knighted, and she was held in high favour by the Queen, who at that time was greatly taken with player folk, and who, it will be remembered, only a few years later, adopted the only daughter of the distin- guished actress, Mrs. Warner, and had her brought up with the Royal children-an honour never before accorded to any British subject. It is impossible to imagine a person more delightfully situated than Madam Anna Bishop in the early forties. She had a beautiful home, blessed with two lovely children, a husband who adored her, and an income derived from the exer- cise of her husband's ability and her own, which enabled them to support an establishment of almost regal magnifi- cence. In addition to her other accom- plishments, which were many, she wanted to learn the harp for the pur- pose of introducing it in an opera which was especially written for her. At this time a celebrated harpist ap- peared in London, by the name of Bocha, and he became Madam Anna Bishop's teacher. The difference be- tween them was great ; he was past 60, heavy, fat, and cumbersome, his temper was irascible, and his manner brutal. Sometimes when rehearsing with an orchestra, if an unfortunate musician missed a bar, or caused a discord, he would go into spasms, froth at the mouth, and act like a maniac. He had heavy overhanging brows, and a great coarse mouth, and was altogether about as unprepossessing a person as one would desire to see. Madam Bishop, on the other hand, was finely shaped, trim built, with a handsome clear English face that won on you at first sight. Yet, marvel of marvels, this woman with everything to lose and nothing to gain, gave up home, husband and children, all, and fled from England with this unsightly old Gorgon. They came to New York and opened at the old Park Theatre, then under the management of Thomas S. Hamblin. The news of their escapade followed them across the ocean. The theatre was deserted and the engagement a wretched failure. The unlucky and ill assorted couple fled to Australia on borrowed funds, and for some years wandered about the antipodes. She also visited Mexico, California, and South America. Bocha's temper was uncontrollable, and for years before his death he abused her shamefully, but she clung to him with unshaken constancy till his death, which occured in Australia, and she there raised a magnificent monument to his memory. Shortly after she met Mr. Schultz, who had made about a million of dollars speculating in Australian mines. Schultz was a plunger, and he became madly infatuated with the ancient opera singer. She was past 60, and he about 40, but she added him to her pre- vious conquests, and they were married. Schultz became her manager, and at her death raised a costly monument to her memory. Some years ago he turned up in New York, and it was not long before he was known to the fast young men of the Tenderloin District. He sported fine turn- outs, took an occasional hand at poker and faro, and at one time it was said that he came near breaking John Morrisby's bank. He was seen with fast women in the parks, and plunged heavily on the racecourse, and after a time the end came. The owner of a million once, became a hanger-on about low class saloons, and a patron of free lunch counters. The man who had squandered hundreds of thousands, vainly begged pennies from passing strangers in the streets. Poor, dirty, ragged, this old tramp wandered about the streets, homeless and deserted, who at one time had given grand parties at Del monico's at a cost of thousands. This week the authorities received notice that an old man was dying in a rookery across town. An ambulance was called and he was taken to Bellevue. His case developed into a malignant form of typhoid fever, and he was removed to the North Brothers Island, where he died. Potter's field will be his resting-place along with the thousands of unnamed dead, and so passes away another millionaire, who was once the idolised husband of one of the most beautiful and talented women in the world. The uncertainty of divorce courts was painfully impressed on the plaintiff and her friends in the Langley divorce case in Brooklyn last week. Mrs. Langley sought relief from matrimony on the statutory grounds, and to all appearance made a very strong case. Mr. Langley does not look like a saint ; he is a red- faced, beefy-looking man, who has the well-groomed air of a stylish Wall- street broker. Feed and drink get all the credit they deserve from his personal appearance. If a person should accuse nim of modesty no doubt Mr. Langley could recover heavy damages in a suit for defamation of character. Beside the statutory offence, which is the only ground on which an absolute divorce can be gained in the State of New York, Mrs. Langley accused him of brutality and using obscene language in the presence of his children. There is a class of men everywhere, whose good manners appear to be exhausted outside of their own family, and from the evidence Mr. Langley appears to be one of them. Ask any of their associates at the club or on Change what kind of fellows they were, and they would tell you at once, first-rate. They are always ready for a swell dinner, never go back on a little game of draw. If any newer breezy sensation from London or Paris turns up at Tony Pastor's or Koster and Bial's, you can generally find them on baldheaded row, in the front. They sport red neckties and flaming boutonieres, and after the show is over you need not be surprised to find them in some of the private supper rooms on the Sixth Avenue with a choice coterie of these foreign female entertainers. In this questionable company they are all smiles and polite- ness, but when they get home with an aching head and an empty pocket, then comes the wife's share of the entertain- ment. No pate for her, no truffles, no Pommery Sec or Cliquot, no salad, Vermouth, or terrapin. Ah, no ; nothing but hard words, often curses, and not unfrequently blows and kicks. It seems hard to believe that a great big burly fellow, calling himself a gentle- man, with a fist like a heavy-weight boxer, could knock down a weak little delicate woman, and kick her into in- sensibility when she was down, and yet not a week goes by that I do not see cases of this kind in our courts. It does not appear that Langley went quite to this extreme, but he swore at his wife, and cursed her in the presence of his children, and made her life as miserable as it could be ; and yet be- cause the evidence could not be made clear that he had broken the Seventh Commandment, she was thrown out of Court. When the trial ended there was hardly a doubt in the mind of anyone present that he had had only broken it once, but many times ; but juries are incom- prehensible. Trial by jury is a great institution ; the rights guaranteed by the Magna Charta are glorious things to talk about, but as I sit in our civil and criminal courts, day after day, and hear the villainous verdicts brought in by the average jury-verdicts defying tlie law and evidence, I feel as if the whole corrupt system would be better if sunk in the sea, and in its place the venerable Cadi once more sitting at the city gates to deliver his judgment of the right or wrong. God help the poor woman against whom the judgment was given, for the Court to whom she applied for justice afforded her no pro tection. Pitiful, most pitiful, was the sight at the Morgue on Wednesday last, where all that was mortal of a young and beautiful woman lay on one of the cold marble slabs. The face was handsome and intellectual, the hands small and delicate, the dress that of a person of means, taste, and culture. Heart- sickening were the sur- roundings ; near by was a tramp, fished up from the freezing muddy waters of the river ; next to him a young mother who had dashed her baby's brains out and then killed herself ; there were many others without mark or sign, whose history will not be unfolded till the judgment day. But about the beauti ful young woman who occupied the front marble slab there was a mystery which for a short time it seemed impossible to unravel. She had been brought there from the residence of Dr. Seiden, and died at Bellevue hospital with her secret locked in her own heart. But nothing to-day escapes the Argus eyes of the Press. In less than 24 hours her identity was fixed as that of Miss Margaret Foster Creswell, a teacher of physical culture, and a member of one of the oldest and most honoured families in Hollidaysburg, Pa. The causes that led to her downfall are not yet known ; but as soon as her identity was established some sorrowing friends arrived in New York and bore the fe mains back to her childhood's home. Dying among strangers, unknown and penniless, with the knowledge of the agony that her shame and blasted honour would leave behind her, hers was a dreadful punishment. One more unfortunate Weary of breath, Rashly importunate, Gone to her death ; Touch her not scornfully, Think of her mournfully, Gently, humanly, Not of the stains on her, All that remains of her Now is pure womanly. Make no deep scrutiny Into her mutiny, Rash and undutiful ; Past all dishonour, Death hath left on her Only the beautiful. Forgetting her weakness, Her evil behaviour, And leaving with meekness Her sins with her Saviour, A swell club has just started to give us a purified drama. Allah be thanked. They gave a performance last week, and one point of the reformation for which our souls are grateful-the ladies appeared in the parquette with- out their two-story and a half hats ; and now that almost every lady's opera hat has something on top that looks very suspiciously like a pair of donkey's ears, the absence of the opera hat was a sight to make men and gods re- joice. The week has been enlivened by a number of sensations, one of the liveliest being the forging of an 80,000dol check on an English in- surance company by a confidential clerk of 10 years,' sen ice and a school- boy who tried to get the check cashed at an hotel in Albany. Both were nabbed within_ 24 hours, and are now in gaol awaiting indictment by the Grand Jury. Shall we annex the Sandwich Islands? Shall we allow Uncle Sam to embrace Miss Canada if she steps willingly o\ er the line ? Shall we proclaim f reetrade this year ? When President Cleveland gets in shall we turn out all the wicked Republicans and put honest Democrats in every office, from Secretary of State to tide waiter? Shall we stop the pur- chase of silver bullion and go in at once for the free coinage of silver? Ajl these, no doubt, are very important questions to the people of the United States at large. I cannot tell how things are in Kentucky, Utah, Idaho, or Oklahoma ; but here in New York the servant girl question over-tops them all. You talk of Trusts !-The Oil Trust, the Sugar Trust, the Coal Trust. Bah ! they are not a grease spot on the Servant Girl Trust, which now holds this com- munity in its deadly grasp. " Look on this picture And on this " Riotous thousands in London, meeting in Trafalgar-square, clamouring for bread at the foot of Nelson's Pillar. Re bellious multitudes marching through Whitechapel crying, "We are starving." Forty thousand famished children going to school without a mouthful to eat. Bread riots in Paris. Hungry workmen in Vienna, Brussels, and Berlin. A famine in Sweden and Norway. Ireland, always hungry, is now hungrier than ever, and the starving farmers storm the Council Chamber of the city of Cork and de- mand bread or blood. This is the picture of the working classes abroad. It is fair to presume that among these hungry millions there are many women who, in their own country, are willing to work. In Swedenand Denmark, a house- hold servant is fortunate who gets from 18dol. to 25dol a year for her services ; in Germany 50dol. a year would look like a fortune ; and in Ireland domestic service is so poorly paid that it will take the savings of three or four years to pay a 12dol. steerage passage to America. Out of this foreign material, heterogeneous and incomprehensible, the servant girl trust is composed. Coming here from mud cabins and from houses which they shared with horses, the cows and the pigs, once they set their feet on the free soil of the United States everything is changed. The girl that lands at Ellis Is- land, or that did land at Castle Garden when that was the emigrant de- pot, and whose entire wardrobe was clone up in a pocket handkerchief, coached by the relatives or the friends that have preceded her, starts in at once to be a fine lady. In a few weeks or months she casts off the chrysalis of the grub, and in a year no butterfly will compare with her. She that was de- cently respectful and pretty humble in her own country is taught by her more experienced friends that cheek and im- pudence are the most valuable charac- teristics of an American servant. Since the steerage immigration has been stopped the trust has put up the price, and any kind of good domestic servant readily commands from 16dol to20dol a month, and then you must have an un- doubted certificate of good character to secure her valuable services. In New York at the present time, no self-re- specting servant who has a proppr re- gard for her position goes looking about for a situation. She puts an ad- vertisement in the paper, stating that she can be seen at such a number, and such a street, betwepn the hours of 11 and_ 4 ; no cards or letters will be noticed. You search for the place and find it is a tenement in the slums ; you mount four stories up rickety, dirty stairs, and in a back room in which is an old broken stove, a couple of beds, some wash tubs and other furniture, you find the young lady ; who, if you happen to be all right, will consent to rule your household for 18 or 20 dollars a month. She puts you through a cross-examination worse than an attorney in a case of crim con, and either tells you you may call again in a day or two for her answer, or posssibly she may honour you by promising to look in on you, and see how the house will suit her. The con dition of our domestic service is mon- strous, and that it is so, is the fault of American women themselves. If a man wants work he hunts for it ; but your servant girl must have the work hunt for her. 