A LECTURE ON GHOSTS. There was a large attendance at the Albert I Hall on Tuesday night, when the Rev. G. E. Wheatley lectured on "Ghosts, or the fallacies that frighten anti- refcrmers." Mr. T. Price, M.P., presided. Mr. Wheatley classified the ghosts as fol lows :—First, there were what could be called fancies, which only existed in the mind3 of those who thought they had seen them; secondly, there were cases of mistaken identity, where things existed but were not seen as they were, and were supposed to be very different; and thirdly, there were eases of_ fraud. Out side those three there were certain phenomena with which we were not thoroughly acquainted at present and could not explain. As a man at times fancied he had seen a ghost so society could be worked upon and people be taugth to imagine that fearful things were going to happen. Social reformers were accused of Getting class against class, but the masses and the classes were set against each other, and the Waterloo had yet to be fought. That great struggle would ecme through the ballot box, and so they would gain the victory. It was not equality they wanted, it was equity. They should never rest until arbitrary and artificial distinctions were nut away. He referred to the advance of the reform movement which was gradually talcing place all over the colony. It had been stated that their hopes and aims were Utopian and beautiful in theory. If the]' were so what and where was Chris tianity 1 Mr. J. M. Day moved—" That this meeting strongly protests against any attempt to grant rights over any part of the colony to any syndicate for speculative purposes." His special reason for moving that tvas because he believed that negotiations bad been going on for some time, and were now being pressed to an issue, for granting a section of land in the neighborhood of Lake Bonney to a syndicate to establish an irrigation colony, which would be simply fastening another curse upon the colony. Mr. C. Proud seconded the motion, which was carried with acclamation. A very diverting portion of the evening's j enjoyment was supplied by Mrs. E. W. Old ham, who sang "The Kerry dance " in an ex quisite manner. The number was so en thusiastically received that the lady had to respond to an encore. 