QML&ggsh; ft gAT-— --j a nf-frir s. / n OLD /v£W C) i " V ISABEL'S ORDEAL. — i. i 14 ' BY MISS MABEL COLLINS, Author of 44 The Prettiest "Woman in "Warsaw," etc. CHAPTER!. Isabel Fairfax was a spoiled child. Nature and life bad conspired to spoil ber. .She was very pretty s so pretty that she could not help knowing it ; and she was rich enough to have everything she wanted. In addition she was the only child of a mother who adored her and who denied her nothing. There was no man in the family to exereice the peculiar wisdom with which men are supposed, to he universally endowed, and, indeed, often are ; or else Isabel would never have passed through the fiery ordeal which tried her nature to the quick. There were three generations of women — Isabel, young, wilful, beautiful ; her mother, the child of autocratic parents, weak, vacillating and ac customed to give way to the will of others ; and the grandmother, a fine old lady with as much resolution as ever, and a very great opinion of her own intelligence. No doubt this was just ; she was certainly much wiser than her daughter in all practical matters, as could be seen whenever the two had to act in matters of business. The old lady was very rich, and naturally her daughter, and granddaughter were her heirs, which cir cumstance she thought gave her abundant right to tyrannise over them. Isabel, how ever, would not submit to be tyrannised over ; she had been educated abroad, quite out of the reach of grand- maternal autho rity, by her dead father's wish. And in their pleasant quist life in Paris, Vienna and Munich, she had always taken the lead and had her own way, her mother meekly obey ing her. When they came to London, in Isabel's eighteenth year, for the season, she greatly resented the interference of the old lady, who, a little queen in her way, looked upon these two as children come to be taught the proper mode of entering the great world. Old Mrs Montgomery ruled her small court from a Kensington Gore mansion, where she entertained in the season to a great extent, and all the year round received her especial favorites. For she thought no place in the world St to live in hut London, and if she went to Brighton for a week felt herself aggrieved all the time. It may be imagined, thee, that Isabel, who was French in maimer, dress and even in personal appearance (so great an effect has education), was something of a trial to her grandmother. Mrs Fairfax took a very handsome flat, which commended itself to Isabel as being rather less English than a house. Isabel furnished it, with her mother at her side occasionally putting in a mild suggestion which was seldom listened to. They had brought heme a great many pretty things TTV\m fV fvi - «VTDTk'iiA«tm rva >3 !aL AauAu IUCU nauucitugD owtua u9 auuwilu tbese and plenty of money it did not take long to arrange as pretty a home as any in all London. Old Mrs Montgomery thought is looked "foreign," and was surprised when she found that Isabel regarded the word as complimentary. One of the first foolish acts Mrs Fairfax was beguiled into, after her return to London, was the investing of her capital in that fated thing— a new gold mine. She was tempted into this by her man of business, who had for some time been writing to her on tbe subject ; and now, when he was able to talk to her, soon persuaded her to take his view of the matter. The fortune her husband had left her was entirely nuder her own con trol, and old Mrs Mountgomery had always prophesied that this solicitor, one Benjamin, of decidedly Jewish appeareance, but young and rather good- looking, would try to get possession of it. 44 He'll ask you to marry him, my dear, or try to get" hold of your money somehow or other," she would say to her daughter— a remark which irritated that lady very much, as she believed Mr Benjamin's admiration was for herself and not for her money. However he never did ask her to marry him, possibly fcr want of opportunity, as he eaw very "little of her, Isabel's education taking them about so much. But as soon as she returned to London, and he had dined once or twice in the pretty flat (for Mrs Fairfax made rather a pet of him, always protesting that she would not be able to manage her affairs at all without him) Mr Benjamin talked her into investing in the new mine. Mrs Montgomery shook her head and prophesied disaster; but her in fluence was nothing against Mr Benjamin's, so the transfer was affected with the most agreeable results. Mrs Fairfax found her in come twice as large as before, and she was able to indulge in a much desired victoria, besides the necessary brougham. il How glad I am I did not li&ttn; to your grandmother, my dear," she said to Isabel, continually. 44 She does so dislike Mr Benjamin. He has acted most cleverly in this matter I consider." So everybody was satisfied ; moet of all, perhaps, Isabel ; for ebe had been brought up to love luxury and beautiful surroundings, and added riches meant added pleasure for her. She had an excellent taste, not only in dress, but in matters of art and in decoration, and she thoroughly enjoyed the eharma of a delightful home \- : - H ' -y Toardalthb end of May Mrs Montgomery TreidA" great reception, at which Isabel made her first appearance in society. She had been presented the week before, and wore ber debutante's dress — a Parisian wonder, created apparently out of white lillies and a film of white cloud — which showed ber pietty figure to perfection. She was charming, and she knew it. Before the reception she was standing in the old lady's dressing-room, submitting to an unmerciful criticism, which luckily for her Bhe was able to bear without flinching, when Mrs Montgomery suddenly took off the necklace she wore — a string of fine pearls. 44 1 liked them for the drawing-room," said the old lady, 4 4 but to-night, I seem to want something brighter on yon." She rose and went to her jewel case, which was locked away in a fireproof safe that stood close to the head of her bed. She was very proud of her jewellery, as indeed she might well be. Isabel waited in some inward excitement, as any girl would, to see what she was destined to wear. Mrs Montgomery took out a magnificent diamond necklace, and a pair of ear-rings, each formed of a fine diamond. 44 They are almost too splendid for a debutante," said the old lady, 44 and yet they make your eyes so bright ! Yes, you shall wear them to.-night. I shall leave them to you in my will ; and if yon marry a man I approve of they shall be your wedding present." Isabel stood looking at herself in 'a glass with many thoughts passing rapidly through her mind. What was ber future to he 1 Would she marry ? She could not fancy it yet. But she.knew, as she looked at the re flection in the mirror, that if she did not. it would not be for want of opportunity. For she saw before her a really lovely girl, with eyes as brilliant as the diamonds she wore. It was wonderful how these lit up the picture. Isabel, pleased and gratified, turned from the mirror and gave her grand mother a kiss — a most unusual thing for her to do. They went downstairs together, Gld Mrs Montgomery, splendid in black brocade, an admirable contrast to her lovely niece. Mrs Fairfax was talking to the first arrival,, Charles Percival, a well-known man in London society. He was a very old friend of Mrs Montgomery's, and came in and out of the house like one of the family ; but he had been out of town since Isabel's arrival and had not seen her till to- night. He was struck with admiration when she entered, but Isabel scarce noticed ic. She was at that age when a girl regards a man of fifty as simply a man old enough to be ber father, and nothing else. She would have been quite surprised at tbe idea of his admiring her, except as a pretty child. But Charles Percival was not old, nor did be feel so; he was immensely rich, held an envied position in society, and had been a good and much desired parti for years, ever since he became a widower. He had married young, for love ; and had never cared to marry again. No woman had struck his fancy sufficiently, or touohecLhis heart. But when he saw Isabel sweep into the room, a vision of loveliness, in her dress of flowers and gauze, the diamonds that glittered on her neck not so bright as her beautiful eyes ; ber proud little head held back, as if in defiance of the world, his heart leaped within him. What a joy that bright young creature would be in his great stately houses ! Isabel took his attentions to her as merely, fatherly kindness and scarcely noticed him. She, too, met her fate that evening, and knew it. She had ptenty of admirers ; but she was accustomed to admiration and took it as her due. What she desired was an emotion which wonld rouse her own foolish little heart. She had never had that yet— or so slightly that it was not worth thinking about. But to-night she sat for a long while under the shelter of a big palm talking to a handsome young mao,. whose dark eyes seemed to stir, her very soul. It was love at first sight with these two, and no mistake about it. Maurice Conyngham went off to Mb club when he left Mrs Montgomery's re ception, with a wild mixture of emotions at work within him. He was a penniless younger son. Should he ever have the courage to ask this girl to be his wife ? She was not exactly an heiress, as heiresses are estimated in London society ; but she had a very ni3e little fortune. He vowed he would not see her again ; for Maurice was a fine fellow and did not belong to that modern school of young men who marry money, and as much of it as possible, as a matter of course. Fate, however, or love — something at all events much stronger than Maurice's resolu tion, was at work, and he found himself con tinually at Isabel's side. They visited at the same houses, dined vis-a-vis at the same tables, met at dances, concerts, garden parties, in all the rush and gaiety of a T J am ToaKnl troa G onoAnfiQ fitln LiVilUUU Dcacuil xoainu TI»O M BUVWVWJ her pretty head might well have been turned with the admiration she excited ; indeed, it was a little. She refused offer after offer with a sense of triumph. She had m&de; up her own mind that there was bnt one man Bhe would marry, and he had not spoken yet. Before the season was over Isabel suffered a great loss. Her mother died suddenly. She had long known that she suffered from heart disease, eo all her affairs were in good order, so far as it lay in her power to make them ; her will was made and signed, leaving all she possessed to Isabel. Bat Isabel could not live alone in her pretty fiat, among her own things, as she so much deBired. Perhaps she would have done so if she had been an Amerioan girl ; she wonld have engaged a companion and stayed in her own home. Bat Isabel, being an English girl, and educated on the Continent did not venture on such independence as this. She covered up all her treasures very carefully, locked up her flat, and went to live with her grandmother — vowing in her own mind, that it should be for the shortest possible time ! She grieved for her mother, and was very sad at her loss ; and when Mam ice Conyng ham came to call one day and found her alone in the drawing-room in her black drees with tears in her eyes, his heart smote him, and he felt fall of pity as well as love. And eo the words so long hesitating on his lips were spoken — he asked Isabel to be his wife — and she ? — she consented. Mrs Montgomery's wrath when she heard of this was a sight to gee, and something to hear. 44 Marry that penniless fellow !" she ex claimed, 44 you, that have refused half a dozen good matches ! Isabel, you are as great a foci as your poor mother !" "" She stormed and raved for a while, ard then, calming down suddenly, said in a very earnest manner : — 14 Now, Isabel, I will give you your last chance. Charles Perceval was here this morning, and told me he wished to ask you to tcarry him. He s Gld, of course, for you ; but he's twice too good for you. Now, will you give up this sidy affair and marry bim ? I'll make you my heiress if you will, for I know then my money will be managed by somebody with some sense." 44 My dear Grannie !" exclaimed Isabel. 44 You must know me better than to think you can tempt me like that !" 44 Then I wash my hands of you," said Mrs Montgomery, angrily. 44 Make your own bed and lie on it. You'll regret what you are doing ; but don't come to me then !" CHAPTER II. Isabel had her own way, of course. Spoiled children always do. She was married very quietly, as soon as her mourn ing permitted. After a fortnight of childish en jovment in Paris, the young couple settled "down in Isabel's fiat ; for she was longing to be in her own home again, surrounded by her own treasures. They were as happy as the day was long, these two. It was true, Maurice had scarcely enough money of his own to keep him in gloves and oig&rs; ; but they were both too unworldly and too much in love to think about the anomalous position. Be- sidee, Maurice's friends, ratter pleased with him for marrying well, were now exerting themselves to try and get him a Government appointment on the well-known principle that success deserves to be encouraged. A whole year of supreme happiness and content passed, in which they enjoyed life to the full; they Wf re both very popular in socety, end thoroughly enjoyed going out and entertaining; white at hom; alone every moment was a delight. Can such a state of ihmgfrlastitt this wo.W ? It seems fated Ml to At all OTTOte, iu this summer air, a thunderbolt fell at last. These young people had never seen such B thing, and did not understand its import They examined it ourioudyTIT — " 1 "St Ss T; 4119 « It took the form of a letter Benjamin, and arrived by the fiS , t10 morning. atPsfc mtie . 44 I'd better go into the citv an a "yvadn't f " Yes dear, p ease do," mMiJS To them avisit to the city appeawd to «. light of an heroic action. into the park in her victoria « j g0Ulg Maurice left her at the entrance 'and S a hanaom she felt that he waeTilif ficmg himself for her interests » 8a He returned only just in time for m and with a face that seemed to Isabel iS?' white and tired. athec " That horrid city p she eiclaimed. u has made you look quite ill." " 4 4 It's not that, Isabel.' ItfB bad I'm afraid your money's gone «My money gone!" said' Isabel, poa. unable to realise the meaning of the J, 44 Yes, gone. It's hard to believe isn't That mine was a bad investment » "Oh, Maurice, don't aay that!" m Isabel, taming white, too. " fihn.ll we do if it is trno ?" tever " I don't blow, dear, quite. I mmt hurrjr up my people and try to get into »n appointment.' 44 Oh, Maurice!" said Isabel piteoodv But still it was all meaningless and unbtd ligible to her. She knew less about bueiae than some children do. 14 I'll go and see Benjamin again to morrow," said Maurice. And so they sat down, for the first time, to dinner without gaiety. But Isabel recovered herself before dinner was over. 44 It will come all rhrht" she cried. h ' The next day Maurice Conyngham went down to the city again. He returned this time very quickly. The worat had happened, in a few hours ; and Benjamin had disappeared no one knew where. ' What was to be done next? Neither knew; hut Maurice was a man at heart though somewhat spoiled by social conditions and a life of inactivity. He went out again and went to see his own friends. ' As might be expected by anyone who knew a little of the world, he was not welcomed with enthusiasm when his tale was known. The interest shown in him had really sprang from the fact that he lad married a girl with some money, and was no longer such a dead weight on his family. No w that money was gone he had lost his recommendation— that was what his news amounted to, vie red from their point of view. However, blood relationship is something, and Maurice put on the pressure very steadily, and extorted promises of influence being exercised to ob tain him an appointment. With these Dromisos he had to be content : thev wern all he had to take back to Isabel. But ebe was a child still, and they cheered her. CHAPTER III. The carriages and horses had been sold ; Isabel's pearls were gone ; and daily Maurice went out and worried his friends. But he had obtained nothing as yet. Then' a dreadful thing happened— so it seemed to Isabel. The day for the quarter's rent Game round, and she could not write a cheque for it. She actually went to her writing table and took out her cheq.ne-book and looked at it. There were plenty of cheques still in the book, but there was no money in the bank. She took up a bundle of old cheque books, which meant so much money paid away. She thought of how prompt she had always been in her payments, how generous she had been to every one about. 44 Surely peop'e won't fce hard on me,'1 she thought. Now as happens nothing irritates people so keenly h s for anyone who has been in the habit of : paying well to give up that pleasant habit, however much against their own will the Surrendering of it may be. 44 Isabel," said Maurice one day suddenly, " do 3tou know what we must do next r" £i 1171 t nil _ 1_ W T % 1 - 1 H D9b i HbKeu XSaDGij fippreficUtivcij j rather startled by his tone. 44 Give up the flat and seil the thing'." 44 Give up the flat and fell the things !'' echoed Isabel, in such amazement that she could only repeat what she had heard. " Ob, impossible 1" He found it was impossible. Bhe could not be induced to see that it was within the bounds of human reason ; the things were her own, part of her veiy self. "AH my dear mother's treasures !' she said with in dignant tears ; and Maurice felt as if it was his fault. He applied himself more reso lutely than ever to importuning hia friends, and to looking out for employment on his own account ; he even fell to that last and most hopeless of all resorts, searching the advertisement columns of the cewypaperf When a man has come to that his spirit is well-nigh broken. Maurice's was not broken yet, but he had sense enough to see the difficulties that lay iu the way. Ho never done any thing — he had no experience-- he had made no commencement : and worse .. . . r - 3_ trie Afftt or au ne naa no ousiness inenas. relatives were people who thought we Foreign Office the right sort of place wf him, and anything more mercantile an ip" possibility, and they simply could not realise what it meant to be actually without inoney. Bnt that waB tbe situation in which the young people found themselves. . . One day Maurice came to Isabel W h own room. His faca had such a loos on that she started up In alarm. , 44 It has come," he said ; 44 the going to take tbe things. We had W have sold them ourselves " T .1 44 But it's impossible!" cried H 44 My things I What right have they ' They had a few days' grace in which t J and get the money, aDd each day IeaDCj. on her bonnet and walked to Mrs gomery's house, determined to ask her and each day walked away without ko at the door. Bhe had never seen he her marriage. What prevented her she 00 hardly say; — whether pride or want of — -but she could not knook at the <100 one occasion as she came away . , Charles Perceval fnce to face. He -gggd her keenly, but she only bowed and pw Theendc&me;, and Isabel stood and it — watched all her treasures btinff carried away. It was as if JfteB dragged limb from limb herself LOVE AT FIBST EIGHT. \ "O"- . . W V - r'\ \ head to foot, took am and walked onto! her home. SEfiiad notions now bat Maur use's own He bad bravely gone alone in iSSnf obeap lodgings, for which it wwdd sfFr,. possible for him to pay. To these he £ took I»bel, who looked at her new landings with pure and simple ««jra- sal she had never imagined herself in fS a place or in snob a position. She could fTnonquer the idea that it was uuneotHsuy JTtftke off her cloak—that she had merely !Le b> eome Pr?e wonld ohortlj \7£omd. But no — this was home ! M&uraoe; took off her bonnet and cloak for her, and these two had to contemplate a sapper of the simple sort instead of dinner, for the gjet time in their lives. Isabel's belongings and Isabel herself, for Hie matter of that) were terribly out of place in the little rooms she lived in now. Her tea govens, her promenade dresses, all the luxuries of her toilet, seemed ridiculous. $ut there was a cure for that, as she very soon found. That first simple supper had a trial ; but afterwards such an one came to be regarded as a desirable thing. £nd in order to supply it, these out-of -place luxuries of Isabel's went the same way as lie carriages and horses. It is all very well to be Spartan and philo« sophical for others, and on principle, but no one who has not experienced it knows what it is to see the beauty of one's life going out, and to be helpless. To have to sacrifice all that makes life worth living in order to get food enough to' support life ! It is an irony of fate hard to bear for those who are the actual subjects of it. " Thank God we have no children T' said Jlaurice one day ; and Isabel made no answer, knowing he had wished for children. The speech struck coldly upon her. And from then she began to feel as if he no longer loved her. He had grown moody ; . he had gradually surrendered the pleasant habit of admiring her. Indeed, as she mournfully confessed to herself, he had no excuses now — there was never a new toilette to enable him to say " that suits you better than anything I have seen you in !" No, instead of such pretty speeches, he had grown used to words that at first seemed to bnrn his lips— the phrases which are only possible in this nineteenth century when social death is accomplished — " We can't afford that," 44 it costs too much," " we must do without it." Social death was accomplished, as it Beemcd, finally, for these two. They had passed out of their world, the only world they knew of, as completely as if they had been livid in the grave. Loss of money means this in the present day. Isabel bore that heroically, and she endured privation with tolerable courage ; but when she began to feel that Maurice's affection for her was dying out, that the joy of her life was going from her, though she was still young and beautiful, she became desperate. She would sit at the shabby breakfast-table, when he rose end left it without a word or a kiss, and would cry her eyes out when he had gone out on one of his fruitless efforts. Then she would end by looking hopelessly at herself m the glass. This was the one- time beauty ! —red eyes, hair no longer dressed in the fathion, for she could not do it for herself ; an old gown, and an air of utter lassitude. A peasant woman may look handsome in her poverty, but not a woman of Isabel's type. Be she never so beautiful her beauty is lest Turnout an mat money gives to set it on. This is a truth, but Isabel was mistaken in supposing it was because of this that Maurice was so cold. The proud man, roused to a coasdc unless of himself by this trial was eating Lis heart out ; he thought Isabel de spised him because he was so helpless, and so the orea h widened. Isabel had only one dress left now — a dress such as at one time she would have been afraid to give her maid. On a certain after noon when Maurice had been out the whole day ca his ceaseless quest, Isabel rose sud denly from htr chair and went to the glass. What would she say to me dressed like this !" she said aloud, and almost laughed. She was thin hi Dg of her grandmother. But she had passed the point now at which either pride or timidity cculd hold her back. She had become desperate. She felt that in reality she would prefer to die than to live on in the condition she was. She dressed herself for the streo4 and laughed again when die looked at the completed effect. 4 5 She won't know me rhe said to herself. Hernund wa-= made up to go to Mrs Mont gomery. She travelled across London in an omnibus, at which she wondered eveu more j- at ker dress and arrived at the door, | uiu uotturii away but boldly knocked. Ihe man- servant wbo opened it admitted ner without a word, buc Isabel thought he bMedratlitr as if he saw a ghost. u r .F.s dontuomery is upstairs," he said. will call Elizabeth." bh was rs Montgomery's special Sh W heen with her for years. ;,carr|6 down the stairs, her eyes wide open 6t( sight of Isabel. i i Isabel i" she said, calling her I name, " I'm glad to see you. . I (Vw e?cuse lae, miss — I mean — Mrs; I wiuD m' f don't know if the mis trees | yu She is very bitter !" I EB-vlW away without seeing her, I felt 8!i Isabel, though she honestly I " See what jca I L to"1 11 go inhere." I 0&en;!1tUrce<lilito a sitting-room that I which £Qt iarg€ drawingroom, from I It was was ssParted by heavy curtains. I oag rnJr4116 ker to be in these luxuri- I HontrrJ a|aia, eo familiar to her. Mrs I . evidently just been in" the I Uy ou J"Jln > aer parse and handkerchief I ' au<f a jewel case. Isabel I heg of tbA v case ' brought back memo- |l Haurice 6V€I1U? when she first met ; . took un' tv, w on8> ae it seemed. She B We the a? Case Pened it. Yes, there looked atnoads. They had been re-set, B though re lovely than ever. Suddenly B tpagaftfi 56ed Isabel's mind. An argu- I cii'i J8! it: lightning— these I bsen hers — they K Jj88 cruel ar,<f her — her grandmother jjj8 argumenf Unu'al' . n another moment I- 0 concealc/i ;Vau huiehed— the diamonds B and IsaSi ? - s' the case shut and 1 leaninJ 8tod by. H 0a lfc' Eli2abeth came » diaot Beeyoajmadame'siudthe womna. 'Oh# ITiss Isabel, «he is bardl" sur lier eye, traveling ov«r Isabel's figure, saw every latter sign of poverty, nod rtte pitied the girl from her heart. "Bid die say anything?" asked Isabel faintly. ' Do you want me to tell yon?" asked Elizabeth. Yes, tell me." "She said, Xellber she made her own bed, and she can lie on ft. " Isabel turned away and walked downstairs and ont of the house. She did not seem to know herself, or who she was. The world was all changed. That her all should be gone — -that her husband should have wearied of her— that her own flesh and b'ood should turn her from the door— that she should be a thief — for already, in spite of all her casuistry, this awful word was beginning to bum itself into her brain and ring in her ears. She went straight home. Maurice was there. He had returned and found her gone out, a thing which had not happened before since their fortunes had fallen. But tie made no comment. He received her in — that silence which hurt her so much. She professed to be tired, and sat with closed eyes, thinking. The jewels were within the bosom of her dress. It seemed to her that they burned her skin. Now that she had them, what was ehe to do? She knew that she mnst give them to Maurice ; that he could sell the earrings, and that the money they would bring would take them abroad. Then they could sell the necklace and make some kind of start in life. Isabel longed to feel the money in her hands — to be at an end of this awful poverty. But her difficulty was that she would have to tell Maurice a lie. She would have to tell him that her grandmother gave her the stones. She could not bring herself to do this ; and yet, if she sold the diamonds her self, would it be any easier to explain -her possession of the money 1 _ CHAPTER IV. f :i ; All that night Isabel resolved this, problem ' in her mind. She hid the diamonds to a safe . place ; and then tried to decide what tedo. She did not sleep at all, but lay staring into - the darkness. It was, for her, one of those nights that make an indelible stamp on the life. The horror of guilt was upon her, but she held it at bay as if it were a wild animal. She told herself a hundred times she would rather be a thief than endure the poverty she was living in, and with no hope of -any thing else to look forward to. Oh ! that was the worse alternative. So ehe would not let herself think of her guilt. She finally decided, just as the dawn came, that she would herself sell the earrings. She would then simply tell Maurice that a friend had helped her, and persuade him to go abroad away from the place where all their " friends" still were who had so utterly for gotten them. In the morning, when, as usual, Maurice went ont, she also dressed as soon aB he was gone, and started on her errand. She had decided to go into a part of London where she was utterly unknown, right in the city ; so she took her way to the omnibus.- She was bo full of painful excitement, eo lost in thought that she did not notice a gentleman meet her, stop, and then turn and follow her. But just as she was getting into the omnibus she felt a hand on her arm. For the first time in her life she was visited by real terror — her heart appeared to absolutely stop beat ing. She had not realised till this moment how fearfully conscious she was of her guilt — she had glossed it over to herself so for — but at that touch the dread of the law petri fied her. Had she been found out 1 No. It was Charles Perceval. " May I detain you a few moments, Mrs Conyngham V ' he said. ' ' i came up here on purpose to see you." She hesitated — but after a second's doubt decided to stay and listen to him. Perhaps he bad brought some good news from her grandmother ! And indeed she was so shaken by her moment of terror that she hardly felt able to go on immediately upon her errand. So she turned back aad walked by his side along the street. " I dare say you will wonder how I know your address," he said, " So I may as well tell you at once. I followed you yesterday." Isabel looked at him in amazement and with some alarm. " Yes," he said, quietly and gravely, meeting her anxious look with very serious eyes. " I was waiting in the drawing-room yesterday for Mrs Montgomery. She was going to her jeweller's, and as I had business in the same direction, she offered me a seat in the carriage." " You followed me," said Isabel, faintly, her lips perfectly white. " Yes ; I excused myself from accompany ing Mrs Montgomery — I sent her a message of excuse— and followed you. I had a reason for wishing to know where you lived. Per haps you can guess it." Isabel walked on mechanically ; her brain reeled ; earth and sky seemed meeting. After a moment s pause Mr Jreroevai went on. " When yon came into the sitting room at Mrs Montgomery's yesterday I thought it was she returned ready to go out. . When I came to the curtain I caught sight of you— I saw your troubled face, and I drew back, thinking ycu might not care to see me." He paused. They had reached the house in which Isabel lived. _ « Come in," she said faintly, and led tne way in He followed her into the one sitting room, and glanced quickly round it. "Poor child !" he said, under bis breath. Lutbd sank into a chair and looked at torn with wide-open, terror-stricken eyes. But she had recovered her self-possession and eome of her dignity. She remembered that tea man had loved her. What was his object n<« You have not told me she sa» " why you followed me yesterday. "fiave I not?" he replied.' t<1 should have thought I had. WeU». I . " " njiht, met Mrs Montgomery at idnuw last ni|M| and Bhe told me that when ar" , the jeweller's 3. carried was empty. She nau nothing Her eyes remained fixed upon him. He w n«Sff parlor maid, who owe to$o the hewe only V few <tojr» «®. Montgomery a cup of tea while I was them. This girl was arrested last night, and is now in prison," Isabel uttered a cry. She sprang to her feet. « Oh r die exclaimed, " but that must not be !' She stood there, panting «i « a stag at bay, for a moment. Then, calming herself with an effort, said, " I will g0 now and Bee my grandmother," and ehQ turned as if to goon the instant . M No, don't do that," he said, " she will have no mercy. Mrs Conyngham, I saw the diamonds taken ; I saw the thoughts of the person who took them plainly written on her face. Poor child ! Bet me save her. X see what you have suffered. Sell me those diamonds. You were going to sell them to a jeweller. Sell them to me, and I will get that girl out of prison." Isabel looked at him iu amazement. " Why should you do this?" she said, speak ing with difficulty, her agitation was so great. ' You know," he said, " that I loved you. My love for you is real. I cannot bear to see you suffer, even though you chose another man. Now let me help you through this. 1 can shield you from everyone — even from him." Isabel stood still, a desperate mental struggle evidenced in her face. " No," she cried ont at last. " I will not be shielded. I will own to what I have done. Help me in that, and yon will help me indeed. Take me now to my grandmother's." He obeyed her without protest, for her face showed it would be useless. They drove as quickly as possible to Mrs Montgomery's. Arrived there Isabel went straight in with out waiting for any announcement, and with a look on her face which prevented the ser vants from interfering with her. She found her grandmGther sitting in the drawingToom . Withouta word she placed the diamonds on the table before her. " Great Heavens ! Isabel !" cried Mrs Montgomery, il\ never dreamed of you." \- iV Havf me arrested, said- Isabel, " and lefcthafcffoor girl/go free." ' What-airi- I to do ?" said Mrs Mont- gomery,Tor fce first time to her life feeling perfectly _ helpless, so surprised was she at the situation. "Go home with your granddaughter," said Mr Perceval, who had quietly followed Isabel into the room, " and see how ehe is living and what the temptation was to her." At this Isabel broke down. She sank into _a chair with a sob and fainted dead away. Mrs Montgomery was thoroughly startled . She summoned Elizabeth to her aid, and while restoratives were being given to Isabel, ehe had a brief agitated talk with Mr Perceval. It ended in her ordering the car riage and driving Isabel home. She stayed with her some time, but left before Maurice came in. " I don't want to see him," she said. 41 1 can't forgive you for marrying him and not Perceval. Don't you regret it yourself -when you see how nobly he has behaved in this affair, standing by you as he has 2" 44 No," said Isabel, 44 1 don't regret it. Mr Perceval is noble, I know ; but then, you see, I love Maurice." " If you take my advice you'll never tell him a word about thiB affair," said Mrs Montgomery sharply. But Isabel's mind was made up. She had passed through the ordeal. She waited rest- uu src&iUXiivUy; ouu uicu tuiu him the whole story, without omission., with out extenuation. The only excuse she offered was that she could hot bear the thought that his love for her was being killed by their poverty. 44 Poor child, how you must have suf fered !" said Maurice, drawing her to him ; and then he told her how he had feared her contempt. The reconciliation between them was so deep a joy that their troubles were forgotten for the moment. The worst trouble of all was removed. \- Mr Perceval was one of those who do a thing thoroughly or not at all. He bad great influence, which he seldom used. He used it now, however, for Maurice Conyngham, and obtained him an appoint ment which at once lifted him out of poverty. Isabel's ordeal tempered her spirit for life. The discovery that Maurice had not loved her lass, but had begun to fear her, touched her soul to the quick. When she found Maurice in possession of an income which would just give them comfort if rightly administered, she devoted herself to make the utmost of it. Maurice had to work now — a novelty to him ; but it satisfied his pride. And his home was a place of perfect pleasure. Mrs Montgomery, literally surprised into revealing the human nature in her, found " herself reconciled to her granddaughter. But, though Isabel went occasionally into society again, she could never be persuaded to wear the fatal diamonds. 4 4 They burned my skin once I" she said, 44 when I wore them under my dresa — they would burn it again. I remember my guilt well enough without that !" TK« END. Next Week: A Marriage in Heaven, By HENRY HERMAN, Author of " Eale Joe," and Joint- Author of " The Silver King." 