Christ's Kingly Mardi. CONCLUSION OF A MISSIONARY SERMON. BT THE EEV. JAMES CULROSS, D.D. I " Art thoa a king, then ?"-JOHN xviii., 37. J In the portion of the sermon published in last week's issue, Dr. Culross showed that Jesus was a king in verity, that the changes which have taken place under his reign have revolutionised society. He pointed out that there is no second with Jesus j he stands alone, thouh the Man with the marred countenance. Having instanced the remarkable conversion of Fiji during the paBt half century as showing that he is " mighty to nave," he in the next place states that THE EXPERIENCE OF THE PAST CENTURY has brought clearly into view what sort of men we want as missionaries. Whatever may be said of other things, they must be men whose whole being has come under the power of the redeeming Christ, and who are baptised in the spirit of Pen tecost. By all means let there be volume of being, princely manhood, wide and various culture, grasp and sweep of intellect, valor, hardihood, fulness of resource; but, primarily and fundamentally, there must be souls with heavenly sympathy, that thrill to the touch of divine love. " He loved me, and gave himself for me." In that creed you have the true misaionary. The man in whose heart it lies as a deep joy, is the man to say: "None of these things move me; neither count I my life dear unto myself that I may finish my course with joy, and the ministry which I have received of the Lord. Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God." THIS IS THE LINE OF VICTORY. It is , long this line that any true advance is to be made. It has never boon otherwise. How was the kingdom founded ? " He went forth, bearing his cross." The servant is not above his master, nor the disciple above bis Lord. The blood of the martyr, they said in the old time, is the seed of tho church; and Madagascar being witness, the principle of the words is as true and as ap plicable as ever. Many of our own mis sionaries who have fallen in the field I do not hesitate to call martyrs, ranking them with those who have gone to stake or scaffold. They would never have been found in the sphere of danger but for the name of Jesus Christ, and they would easily have discovered creditable opportunity to slink away if they had not loved his service better than life. It is by such men that the banner of the cross is carried forward and planted on captured battlements. It is through the self-sacrificing love of the missionary -unconscious of the self-sacrifice, that the divine love is disclosed, as the child first seen heaven in the eyes of his mother. I look for example on those graves on the Congo. I can imagine some Congo men asking, " What is the meaning of these graves ? The men whose dust lies theie why did they come? They were not traders. They did not make gain of us. They did not bring rum and gunpowder with them, but the good message from heaven. The men loved ns." And so, through the human love, it comes easier to believe in the love of God. If anything has been made clear by the experiences of the past century, it is this ; that the men wanted in the mission-field are men full of the spirit of Christ, each an incarnate gospel, with the ambi tion of the Apostle in his heart-" That I may know him and the fellowship of his suffererings being made conformable unto his death." At this point, the "question presents itself : WHERE SHALL WE LOOK FOR SUCH MEN? Not in the Laodicean churches, with no place among themfor so awf ul a being as the Holy Ghost \- -butinchurches aglow with theloveof Christ and with divine pity and a passion for their salvation. Such churches will be prolific of right-hearted men offering themselves willingly for service mjen not only with missionary aspirations, but with missionary virtues, to whom the Gospel is an utter ^certainty, breathing the spirit of him who, for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and is now sat down at the ri ht hand of the throne of God. Such men are not to be got by offering high salaries. Your hundred thousand pounds will not of necessity secure one of thom. The Holy Ghost is not to be purchased with money, more than conversions are to be secured at so many per ¿81000. NOT, on the other hand, are they to be looked for as God'B gift to niggardly churches. Niggardliness is akin-and very near of kin-to covetousness, and inevitably it brings a blight over the spiritual life, and impoverishes a church. The gold and tho silver tmiB kept back is cankered, and the rust thereof is a witness against its holder. Our missionaries abroad and we at homo are partners-we share the service between us-and the spirit that is required in the missionary is required at home in those who sus tain him. LOVING INTEREST IN CHRIST'S WORK AT HOME. is essential to the success of our joint enterprise. It is easy eunuch to givo money to tho funds of a mission while taking no real intereat in the work itself, exactly ns many people mi.'hfc give half-a crown to a collection for tho wounded man whom tho eood Samaritan found in hia blood by tho wayside, but who would not coil their fingers and ohock their nerves by binding up his wounds. There ia a notion in some minds that it does not matter whence or how money comes if only it roachosthe missionary exchequer. I, for one, believe that it matters very mu<jh indeed. Wo cannot perceive thu taint winch tho polluted hand has left on the ¡¿old ; wo cannot distinguish tho gitt of grateful lovo from tho oilorinF oí' vam glory or niggardly avarice, as thoy lio together in tho same heap; but the Lord'who sits ov«r against tho treasury can ; and while ho accepts tho ono I offoring he rejects tho other ; and wo cannot look to him to use it unless on tho same principle on which ho make3 the wrath of man to praise him. The driit of all this is that the BUCCOSS of our en terprise rest« as truly on tho spiritual condition of the churches at home as on tho missionary abroad. The partnership is one and the samo. I name, and only name, another great lesson taught by the past century THE LESSON OF PATIENCE. Ton know how much seeming enthusiasm is a mere fire of straw, that blazes hotly for a time, but speedily burns out, and leaves only a handful of white ashes. Be patient, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruits of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he receive the early and latter rain; be ye also patient. Be patient with your missionaries. Be patient with the mission converts and mission churches. Above all, be patient with God, and reverently accept his great law of growth. Remember the calm and measured words of Livingstone : " The order of the divine kingdom is at first silent and slow, often progressing through apparent failure." Another thing I would point to-how the mis sionary idea has broadened out and enlarged dui mg the past century. We started with the thought of preaching. But almost immediately it became evident that the Word of God must be translated into the language of those to whom we preach, and the Lot d gave us translators. Bible translation in turn meant teaching the people to make uso of it; hence came Christian schools and colleges. By-and-byo wo remembered, that the Lord not only Baid, "PREACH THE GOSPEL," BUT ALSO, " HEAL THE SICK." Hence carno medical missions. Youngest of all, and in some respects most gracious of all, is the Zenana mission, in which heavenly love is told through woman's lips in Compassion's native, silver voieo, The gentío melody of patient love. No one of these departments can be neglected without IOSB. Only one thing more I name-the past century bids us look back with gratitude, and wonder that service so imperfect should have been so amply blessed. One of the great hindrances to the Gospel is a half-despairing temper-a guilty apathy, if not contentment with non-success. Various things lead to this. There are mon with mocking lips who pronounce the enterprise a dream, as foolish as that of the child chasing the rainbow. And thora are Christian men who believe they humble human pride by predicting failure. It seems to me that they sometimes humble man at the cost of dishonoring Christ, who has said, " I am with you," and of limiting the gracious power of the Holy Spirit. GOD HAS NOT REPENTED OF PENTECOST, nor revoked the mighty promise^of that day. What fresh forces shall yet be thrown into the battle on the side of righteousness and truth; j what unheard of and undreamed of reve lations of divine power there shall yet be, and what wondrous unbaring of God's holy arm, I do not now inquire. Meanwhile, every mission field sends us home the message : " Be not weary in well doincr; for in due season ye shall reap, if ye faint not." " Ba ye steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord." There are two visions in the book of Revelation very significant when placed side by side. In the early part of the book the seer tells us : "I saw, and behold a white horse ; and he that sat on him had a bow, and he went forth conquering, and to conquer." Again, near the end : " I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upan him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war. His eyes weie as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns. . . . He was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood ; and his name is called The Word of God. And the armies that were in beaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in linen, white and clean. And he hath on his vesture and on his thitrh a name written, 'King of Kings and Lord of Lords/ " Come, then, and, added to thy many crowns, Deceive yet one-the crown of ail tho earth, Thoa who alone art worthy ; it wa? thino By ancient covenant ere nature's birth. And Thou hnst mude it thino by purchase since, And overpaid its valuo with thy blood. 