THE RED HOUSE. BY MRS. I-IUNGEEFOED. CHAPTER XI. Think, timely think, on the lost ilrenufnl uny, How yoli will tremliie there til stnml expueed, Tlic furcmoat in tiie rank of guilty ghosts Tlint must bo doomed for murder !— tlilnk oil murder ! It was qiiilo true; Mrs. Dnrldiam was at the very portals of death. Whether those great gates were to be opened for her, or she could be dragged back from them, was tho question that troubled the pliysioiaus who attended licr. Perhaps it troubled her husband more than 'tliem. lie was sitting now in his library, in the big chair, with his arms hanging listlessly over the arms of it and his heiul pushed somewhat forward. Ho was thinking. The doctors had come and gone, and both were agreed. It was almost an impossibility, but not quite ; she might, if such and such n change occurred, live. If not, dcatli lay before her— adenth into which alio would enter without revisiting, oven in thought, this world again. Dr. Bland, an elderly man, and one of great and deserved reputation, gave it as bis opinion that if death did not ensue in a very few hours, liopo might he en tertained by her — friends ! lie bad looked lather directly at Darkliam— at tho husband —as he said this. Dillwyn had nodded an assent, and had said a few words, too— to the eileetthatsuch gravo eases had been known to recover even after hope seemed at au end. lie bad kept his eyes carefully averted from tho husband of the injured woman whilst saying this. He had looked at him when first Tie entered the room, but lie could not trust himself to look again. There was something terrible in Darkham's face, some thing hungry, ravenous. An animal stalking its prey miglit have looked liko that. And now Darkham sat alone 111 his library thinking— thinking. They had given it as their opinion that she would die— those two who had left — that she wouid die ! Would leave him free 1 Eree of her accursed coin- pany 1" . A sort of fierce joy rose up anil seized upon him. It caught and shook him ! Free ! Free! After nil these years! Free! She was dying. Surely, certainly ! In a few hours her breath would cease, and 110 more would Iter odious, vulgar words and accents make him shrink ami shudder. She would he gone to the Great Unknown, and he — And it would he none of his doing ? None ! Here the great passionate joy that thrilled him seemed to culminate, lie would bo rid of her, without a single effort of his own. Had lie even dreamed of making an effort ? Ho would ho quit of her in an hour or two— a day at latest. Surely the stars in their courses were fighting for him ! What was it they had said, those two ? that if — — if lie pressed his hands, bot.li of them, to his head— that if she lasted until morning she might recover ! Fools ! She would not recover. Death was 011 her face when last he saw her ! Pshaw ! lie was a hotter judge than either of them. Bland — an old man — too old — aud Dillwyn — a young idiot, who followed his leader naturally ! But lie— he knew!— He, who was in tho prime of life, and had studied death — and life — in all their varied ways. Yes, ho know I Siva, the Destroyer, lay hovering above the woman — whom tho law called His wife— with outspread wings, awaiting the moment to descend and clutch Ilia prey. Soon — soon — let it be ! Oil 1 to bo delivered from her ! From this creature who made life a torture — who had dragged him with a chain all these intermin able years — the years of a marriage that had damned him. \VI10n I10 could have risen, . that chain had nailed him to the earth, had clipped his soaring wings ; had withered every moment of his life. Truly a young man starting in life should look well to the way ho is going, and should chooso a wife meet for him. Marriage is not for an hour, hut for all eternity— sometimes ! This one, howovor ! It will not. last so long' This marriage will cud soon, thank He broko off abruptly. What was ho thinking '! He rose suddenly and wont to the door. Ho would go upstairs and seo how things, were going 011. He shook a little as ho put his foot upon the first stop of tho stairs, and looked hack as if ho would willingly change his mind and return to tho library. But he overcame liiinselt, and went steadily up stairs. A tcrriblo longing to make sure carried him upward to the silent chamber, though he hardly confessed this to himself .Ho told himself that tho nurses might won der and talk if he did not show some atten tion to that hideous lay liguro in tho bed up there. So ho went, and entered tho room, and beckoned to the nurse in charge that she need not stay. She rose at his'bidding, aud slipped through the farther door, glad enough to get away for an hour or, so. Her employer was a doctor and tho husband of the sick woman under her charge, and so she felt safe in leaving her. Besides which it was a hopeless case. Tho nurse had seen many such in the London hospitals, and though some as bad had pulled through, still the percentage lay tho other way. Darkham went up to whore tho silent figure lay, and ruthlessly pulled back one of the curtains at.tho end of tho old-fashioned bedstead. It was a four-poster ot great size, and had boon in the house when ho had taken it. It had not been oxclmngcd for another moro modern, as Mrs. Darkham, having been accustomed to that sort of cum brous bedstead in her lowly youth, had clung to it ever since. Slio wonhl liavo that room for own, she said ; and Darkham knew it was because of the hedstend. The light from the dying day streamed in through the window and lay on the dull, yellow face that rcBted on tho pillow.- It Lit it up and showed it in all its ugliness. Darkliam bent over it— lower— lower still, and looked— and looked again. Was there a change '( — was there? Already the face looked liko that of a corpse. Tho lips were a little parted, as if tho strength to close them was gone, and the upper teeth showed through them in a ghastly fashion. And yet it seemed to the husband bending over her that there was some slight return of strength, of consciousness, in tiie face be neath him. It was so slight as to ho all hut unseen by any, save one passionately in terested either in her recovery or her death 1 If, after all — He bent still lower, and then raised him self with a frown and a quick sigh. No, I10 had been mistaken. Death would bo her portion this night. The two men who had just left had said it ; well, they were right. Sho would die to-night. Ho sat down in a distant arm-chair that still gave him a full view of tho bed, and gazed with an uncompromising sternness at tiie form thereon. How hideous she was, with the drooping mouth, tho yellow pallor, tho dull bull of tho hair, and tho heavy fat cheeks 1 A vory hatred of her sent a strong shudder through him. Heavens ! how lie hated her— alive as well as now— half dead ! Half dead I Ho fell a-musing again. How deathlike she looked. IIow closo to the last breath, just a stop ono way or the other — this way to life, thot way to the grave. A touch, a Binglo movement, and alio would be boyond the line that divides tho darkness from the light. . Groat Heavens ! how, even in tho help lessness of her, her faco retains its old ex pression. Tho vulgar sneer still dominates it, tho drawn lips are still replete with venom- What a life I10 had had with her— a life ? nay, a death. And now, when death takes her, life may still bo open to him. Life enough— long enough — to grasp Homo sweet remnant of happiness out of the passing years. The night was descending, hut out of tho misty darkness of tho room a girl's faco stood— calm, cold, lovely. There from the end of tho room it looked at him, the eyes shining clear as day and full of truth. They called to him, they beckoned him, tliey tempted him. He turned uneasily, and rose and began to paco the room, stealthily, silently, yet with u sort of cruel spring in every step. It was us though ho could hardly keep himself in — as if B01110 vitality within l)im was ut work, and urged him forward— forward— always forward. Why had tho accident been so slow a thing? Death, instantaneous death— how much more merciful it would have been to her— to him. A heavier full, by half an inch or so, and all would have been at an end ; there would have been no more room left for doubt — for fear — or for joy! Ho did not mince matters to himself as ho walked there to and fro like a caged lion. lie was strong enough to tell himself the truth, He stopped himself in his strange hurry ing up and down, ami once more approached the hod. Ho bent over her, and lifted her hand that lay so miserably helpless within his, and then let it fall again. It sunk Upon the coverlet with a little dull thud, Scnrce audible, savo to him whoso ears were strained to hear, whose senses were so preternatural!)' oil the alert. Why had her head been so hard; or else those Hags so soft. ! A loss thing had killed a aoore of fools before this. Something in her face again arrested liiin. Surely there was a change. He placed his ear closo to her month, and listened. When lie uplifted himself presently, his faco had taken a greyish tinge. Her breath was certainly stronger and steadier. He went back to the armchair and seated himself slowly in it. He recalled to his mind what Dillwyn had said — that such a ease as his wife's had been known to defy all the laws of nature, null assert its mastery- over death. Was she going to defy nature and dcatii and — him l _ , He rose, as though lie found it impossible to he still, and laid . his hand upon tho mantelpiece: his grasp was so hard that his knuckles stood out white against the black marble. That devil, Dillwyn, had said slio might recover. No doubt his hope was father to jiis opinion. Ho would do him, Darkliam, a bad turn wherever ho could. There hud been occasions lately in the neigh borhood when this young fool thought — strove— to wrestle with him in profes sional matters. There was that affair of General Montgomery's tho day be fore last, when Dillwyn had been called in to the Cedars. Tho general was an important person in the place, and though scarcely en rajwort with Darkliam, had generally em ployed him up to this ; and Darkliam had yround a little from his rival's success in that quarter. Now, in this extreme moment, all that came hack to him. He thought of Dillwyn, of Agatha's face as he had seen it at Miss Firs-Robinson's dance— looking into Dillwyn's— of tiio preference shown to the latter by General Montgomery, and a few other unimportant people— hilt people who always mean the thin end of the wedge in such affairs, and his clasp upon the arms of the chair grew tighter. He was looking nt tho faded carpot, hut ho did not see it. He saw only Dillwyn. What! Was he to sup plant him these two times? Dillwyn had said she might recover ! Might ! Should slio ? If she did not— why in that cubo ho could write him down an ass ? It would enable hiin to injure that presump tuous young fool in his profession. He could take care to spread tho think, to let people know what his opinion had been, and the result. . . Why, it might be the death of Dillwyn in his profession Heath ! He broke off and glanced again at the bed, this time hurriedly, shortly. He saw her there, motionless, torpid, her sullen breaths coming with strange trouble from her breast. When would tliey oease ! That wus the one thought. When they ceased ho would be free. Free ! A wild throb of exultation roso, and almost hurst his heaving chest. In that moment he felt mad. Mad with the sense of freedom, that strongest of all feelings. It dwelt with him, and throve, aud grew, and filled his being, until at last a sharp laugh broke from him tiiat filled tlic silent l oom, and rang aud echoed as though all the demons in hell had given tongue to it. It was frightful. It sobered .even him. He stopped short and fell' hack against the wall nearest to him, shaking still with his untimely mirth, hut silent now, his hands clutching a chair to steady himself, his eyes always ou the face that lay so deadly still among the pillows. Presently I10 cropt towards her again — and again bent over her and listened. He had not boon mistaken, then I Yes, tho breath was stronger— ho oven imagined now that her hand stirred a little. He stood up. A minute passed," in which he hardly breathed. In that minute ho knew what lie was going to do 1 CHAPTER XII. " Oh, horror! liorrorl horror! Ton-US norhoart Cannot concelvo nor imuio time." He went back to his chair again, however, and fought it out with himself. Puh 1 what was it after all hut to bring to a quicker end a lifo that the doctors had all but declared gone. What was it tliey had said ? Ho llunc back his head and stared at the ceiling striving to remember. His thoughts wero a little unmanageable, and it took him some time to recall Dillwyn's exaot words, though tliey had been 011 the tip of his tongue all through. Bo deep was tho intensity of his desiro to go back 10 that consultation of tho two doctors and their verdict that ho hardly heard a faint movement in tho room, a slow stirring of tho curtains that half hid tho bed — that hideous bed, with its still moro hideous occupant. Ho went swiftly but noiselessly to a chest of drawers at the further end of the room and drew out the top shelf— always with a marvellous noislessness. This drawer that usually, oven in the broad daylight, creaked loudly when opened, now beneath tho velvet fingers gave 110 sound whatever. Ho stooped forwards, peering into the drawer, moving a thing here and there, and finally brought out something— a soft linen substance— a handkerchief, apparently, and moved with it to tho basinstaud near liim. The handkerchief wus saturated. He went towards tliu bed and bout down. Tho ter rible open mouth, with the hideousness of it, seemed to give him a demoniac courage. Ho folded the cloth and laid it softly over it and tho faintly breathing nostrils. Ho pressed tho dump ooveriug down — down — moulding it to tho noso aud mouth as ono might who was taking a cast of someone dead and un known to them, and with quite as strong u calm and carefulness. A moment— a frightful moment— and tlion slio stirred, the big head Bwayed from side to side. Darkham — white, rigid — watched her as she moved in her terrible impotence, but still held tho cloth. It was but u momentary struggle after all : suddenly it ceased. Slio lay now, rigid, white ! — the cloth still upon her face— her uyes had opened in tho dying struggle, and looked up at him, palo, horrible. But her breath— her breath was gone. She was dead. He stood for a long timo watching her. At least it seemed a long time. Ho luid released his hold of tho death-cloth, but it still lay 011 her faco, covering the lips and nose, and leaving only tlioso frightfully glar ing eyes to bo seen. Tliey wero wide open, and seemed fixed 011 him. lie turned ulittlo, but tliev seemed to follow him. A strungo fancy took him, and I10 laughed aloud. Would they follow him for ever? He laid his hand upon her lids, and with a brutal haste forced back tho lids upon tho dying eyes. His own laughter had frightened him, however, lie drew in his breath sharply, and leaning against one of tho four posLs, compelled himself to listen — to watuh. Not a sound in the house. Aud not a sound here either ! Tho broalhing had coused — was still. All was over. Those men had boon right then. Thoro was so littlo lifo left in her that recovery was impossible. If lie had only waited, nature would liavo done its own work unaided. Yot., somehow, ho did not repent. Ho felt no rcinorso, 110 regret. He had killed her. Killed her! Well then? How often ho had desired to kill her ! Anil now lie wus free. Tho world was boforo him. Ho could rise — vanquish all enemies. Even love — . . . love might yet ho his. Ouco again that mad rush of exultation ran within his veins. Once again lie eat in the room with Agatha Neshitt— saw her, listuued to lior ehurming voice. Ho stooped over the woman 011 the bed, and in a wild ecstasy toro the murderous cloth from off her face. A smothered yell of triumph broke from him. Shu was dead— dead— dead I (To ho continued.) 