HBEE GlU THEIE, Br TrE M?aC ABnosrr TowS, Times are very bad. We none:o of us know what we may come to. One hears of whilom millionaires who are now earning a precari uns livelihood by cleaning windows and digging front gardens, and of company mongers who have been actually forcod, by pressure of circumstances, to gain an honest living by doing something useful. Such in stances are very pathetic, particularly those of the latter kind. When you are constantly hearing of such cases you get inured to anything. Therefore I was not startled speechless when, the other afternoon, coming up Swanston street, I saw Victoria's most millony millionaire with his nose almost flattened up against a pork butcher's window-quite as near to it, that is, as the brim of his hat would permit gazing musingly at the display of three pennypr,rk pies, black puddings and snsagces. He stood suitline and peering there for a minute or two, wondering, no doubt, what they tasted like. I half expected to eeo him go in and buy a pie and nibble it as he pur suea his way down the street. I took such compassion on him that I could scarce restrain myself from offering to effect the pnrchaEo, if his pride overcame his appetite, and "go halves." Hlowever, he contentel himself with the very suncculent smell that I came from the shop, and tore himself away, to go home to his kangaroo tail soup and Canadian salmon, while I trudged oel to eat my humble bread and cheese and bananas. But I shall always claim the opulent Bart. as I a fellow creature after this. Hitherto I had looked upon a millionaire as something inaccessible and superhuman; but a being with a stomach that hankers after black pudding arn perk pies is emphatically a man and a i brother. t If I had been a member of Parliament, I t don't think I could have voted for Mlr Tren with's minimum wage resolution last a week. I don't believe in a minimum t wage. I'm a maximum wage man-as maxi- t mum as you like. I never had any wage yet that was too maximum for me. If my nage is to be" mum ' at all, let it be " mm" in the "max " direction. But I should have liked to have been in the House on Wednes. day to have enjoyed by participation that r exquisite joke of Mr Patterson's at which no bodylaughed. After Mr Trenwith had sooken c and one or or two more Labor members had sa said ditto to him, the Premier moved the ad. d jonrnment of the debate "in order that members might have time to consider the 0 resolution!" The humor of it is rich. The eession is all but over. There isn't a chance it as considerable as the shadow of the ghost of tl a microbe, of the resolution coming up again. w aMr Patterson knew thatperfectly well; so he f' just moved the adjournment to give members i time to think it over,in order that they might m mot vote too hastily. It reminds me of Sir s Henry Hawkins's reply to the priscner who, ci after being found guilty, was asked whether tI he had anything to say as to why sentence o should not be passed on him. The rascal r said he should like a little to consider ti what he had to say. " Oh, certainly," o said the distinguished criminal judge, "take pi plenty of time to consider it - say five years." In one of his poems Lord Byron tells how e an Italian lady, when asked by an English. as woman to describe the duties of a " cavaliere 0o servente," answered, "Madame, I beseech ti you to suppose them." An English girl of the ce century professes no such ignorance as that at of herfair prototype. In "Girls' Gossip " in as "Truth," a letter in vwhich "Madge" com- or mences by describing a corset, and winds up ti' with a recipe for a curry-the writer gives e a tolerably clear idea of the modern "tame i c?at," as theslangof the day calls the "third m in the household," the "tertium quid" of ti iudyard Kipling. One "smart" young 2 married woman admits that she only "keeps a on" with Mr SoandSo because her husband would think her dowdy unless she had es some one to run about after her. Ji Another has a tiff with her " cavaliere," and th absolutely advertises for another as a private or secretary, willing to make himself generally useful. Te respondentsto her"ad."areneither or young enough nor good looking. They pi don't understand buying banquets to msatch ti dresses, or picking up pet dogs, or acting as nh courier when travelling, and, above all, they ii don't understand the art of delicate and in. Bidious gallantry which in cold climates has a e, plainernamte. "Thetamecateystem,"remarks th " Madge," with considerable naivete, " is a of curious one, but there is no doubt that it is a Ih recognised institution in certain sets." le Well, perhaps it is, but it isn't a very I healthy outcome of our boasted civilisation. fo There is an unmanly ice-water, chocolate- in eream, scented-cigarette sort of flavor about yr at that doesn't fit well with older-fashioned ideas. The roue of the lestoration, with his swagger of silk and satin, and his per. fumed handkerchief nestling in the band Lilt of his rapier was of a manlier type. He was w ready enough to make love to his neighbor's to wife, but he was just as ready to unshcath Wv that rapier behind slontague House if the husband made himself obtrnsively objection able. The "tame cat" is of different order. q Should an eclandre come he makes ol in a borrowed yacht to the Norway fishing; or,a should he bloom into a co-respondent and get cast in damages, goes promptly in. solvent. He is a poor creature, in many respectsan type of an age of sham and stncco, ls crim-con and chatter, gluttony and gossip li a portion of a system for which a lady writer 01 can find no better des?riptive term than O "curious." The redeeming feature is that ld inclubs, messes and smoking rooms, in the tc cricket field or on the football gronnd. men pt don't think mnuh of him. He is looked upon r as a mixture of dude, masher and lady's maid, C with a dash of the harem guard thrown in. Even husbands don't seem to mind him "What the woman for whom he trides w awayhis time thinks of him the Sphynx only ao Sknows. S"I hope the charming example of those el sostumes to be worn in the comedy of The C Amazons won't communicate itself to our Swomen-folk,"said Ito my friend Mr lien peeked, as we stood peering in a shop win. -dow at the photograph of Mrs Brongh and Mis Gracie Noble, looking bewitching in p .masculine attire. " It ain't necessary,', s growled Henpecked. "Why, what do you e: mean." I gasped, "Surely the Toorak girls are not already .- ." "I tell you it ain't necessary," he interrupted; "the I women-folk wear 'en now, at least mine f do." PI'oor man. I always said he let Mrs \--H. have her orwn way too much when they t \- were first married. 