the peer and the WO MAN. BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENKEISI. CHAPTER I. tORD OLANAVON'S TBAYKLLING COMPANION. ""Pon my word, you're a verv amusing fellow." The person addressed flushed slightly, as though offended by the patronizng tone in which these wo.ds were carelessly Bpoken. Bat his annoyanoe, if indeed he felt any, was evidently short-lived, for he answered back readily enough, with a little laugh— "Glad you think so; very giad. It isn't every day, you see, that a poor fellow like me has the chanoe of amusing a milord—especially an English one." "Milord" arched his eyebrows, and not having detected the faint tinge of sarcasm in the other's tone, put this remark down to pare snobbishness. So he withdrew a little farther into the corner of the comfortable firstclass railway oarriage, of which the two men were the only ocoupants, and remained silent for a few moments, idly strumming upon the window panes with his fingers. "How did you know my name?" he asked, abruptly, turning again towards his fellowpasierfger. " I didn't say that I did know it," was the reply. "I heard your servant call you 'my lord on the boat, and there's a coronet on your bag there, nnleBs my eyes deceive me, which they very seldom do. VoUa tout." " Did you orosB from OalaiB then ? I didn't •eeyou." The other shrugged his shoulders. " Very likely not—in fact, it would have been very strange if you had seen me considering that I was in my cabin all the while." "Seasick?" enquired "Milord" contemptuously. "Yes, seasick," was the unhesitating admission of his vis a-vis. "I've never crossed yet without being seasick." The frankness of the confession was not Without its effect upon the person to whom it was made. " Milord," although he was a yachtBman and a born sailor, and had all a bealthv young Englishman's contempt of effeminaoy in any shape or form, smiled in- . dulgently. " Sorry for you. I was myself once in the Bay of Biscay when I was eleven years old, ana I haven't forgotten it, Deuced uncomfortable sensation it was." The difference between these two men whom ohfcnoe had thus thrown together on their journey from Dover to Waterloo was very marked indeed. " Milord" was a typical young British aristocrat, with long straight limbs, smooth, fair face, a little tanned by exposure to all soits of weather; well cut features, about whioh there hovered a slight vacuity of expression common amongst young •en of the higher orders who have nothing particular to do with themselves, and which was perhaps a little heightened by the single eyeglass which obsoured one of hiB clear blue ea. He was dressed in a light check Sivelltng suit, coloured shirt, with a whi e nlk tie, and a small bunoh of Parma violets jn his button-hole. He wore no gloves, and his hands, though shapely, were hard and brown. A well-worn tobacco pouch was open bv his side, from which he bad recently replenished the deeply coloured meerschaum pipe which be was smoking. _ Taken as a whole his appearance was distinctly ariBtocgretio, with a dash of the Bohemian. At any rate, no one could possibly have mistaken him for anything else but a gentleman. His companion was a man of an altogether different stamp. His hair and moustaohe, ones jet black, were plentifully besprinkled with grey, and his small oval faoe was deeply lined. His features, though not striking, were refined and delicate, and his prominent forehead and deep clear eyes gave him somewhat the air of a student, which, however, his restless almost flippant manner in a measure OO&bradlcted.; Hie manners, indeed, were the least pleasing part about him, alternately nervous and inquisitive, laboured, and careless, He was ill, almost shabbily, dressed, and many little details about his person and tout ensemble were obnoxious to his more distin guished fellow-passenger. Still he had told some fnnny stories, and had made himself very amusing without attempting to be familiar ; and Iiord Olanavon, whom two things— railway travelling and his own oompany— always bored exceedingly, felt faintly grateful to this stranger of doubtful appearanoe for relieving the monotony of his journey, and de tided to tolerate him for the brief remainder of it. " You didn't oome up from Paris, did you?" be enquired carelessly. "Yes." "And you were on the boat, too? Seems queer I didn't see you somewhere about." "I was below most of the time on the boat," Qhe other reminded him. " Ah, yes—I suppose thai was it. I thought iwasa bit otiraruBh, though, and I'must have missed you. Hlllo! isn't that your cicket on the floor?" he added, pointing to it with nis foot. The other stepped forward quiokly and pioked it up; but Lord Clanavon s eyes were keen, and the ticket had fallen upon its back. "Why didn't you book through from Paris?" be asked curiously; "that tioket'B only from Dover, isn't it?" "That's all. The fact is I lost my ticket •omewhere, and had to re-book from Dover A nuisance, but it oouldn't be helped." There was a brief silence, during which Iiord Clanavon' yawned several times, and as bis oompanion had ceased to be amusing, picked up a sporting paper and studied it for a few minutes. Then the train ran into Waterloo, and be rose and stretohed himself with an air of relief. His fellow- passenger was the first to alight. Lord Olanavon returned hiB parting salute with a slightly condescending nod, and then stepped out of the carriage himself, and lightlog a eigar looked around for his servant. In • moment or two he oame hurrying up. " Bring out my traps and take them round to Grosvenor-square in a cab, Burnett," he ordered. "I shall walk. What the mischief's the matter with you?" he added, in an altered tone, looking hard into the man's faoe; " you look as if you'd seen a ghost." " It's—nothing particular, my Lord," Bur Mtt answered, plunging into the carriage and busying himself folding up papers and collecting hiB master's belongings. " It was a rather rough passage, my Lord, and I think it muBt have upset me a little." • Lord Olanavon, one of the most truthful young men in the world, accepted his servant's explanation at once, thongh he glanoed again with some curi -icy into his pale, averted face. " I should have thought that you would bare been used to it by; now." he remarked. "There's Bome brandy in that flask on the Wat. Help yourself if you feel bad." " Thank you, my Lord," Burnett answered jn a low tone; but instead of doing so he oeased for a moment in hiB task and watched his young master's retreating figure with tears in his eyes. "I ought to have told him," he groaned; "but 1 daren't Oh! poor Mr. Bernard! Whatever will he do when he knows."*' CHAPTER II. A BITTER WELCOME. Lord Bernard Olanavon was a young man who had earned for himself the reputation of extreme eccentricity. Even his father and mother, whoBe only and very muoh spoilt son he was; found thiAnselves often foroed to admit that he was odd. He had none of the vioes, and very few of the habits of other young men ef his class, which was all very well as far as it went, but it had its disadvantages. London life bored him, and the country, except during certain months of the year, was Btill less to his taste, consequently he spent a good deal of his time abroad, and being difficult to suit in the matter of companionship, he spent moot of it alone. Another of bis peculiarities was that ha detested having letters, and never, unlesB compelled, wrote them To escape from a correspondence which, had his whereabouts been known, would have been inevitable, he made a point of never giving an address even to his own people, simply telling them the date pf his return, to whiob he was always faithful. A month ago he had left London for Rome, with the remark that he would return on June 15, and at 4 o'clock in the afternoon of that day he was strolling over Waterloo Bridge on bis way westward. A little distance behind, on the opposite side of the road, followed his Jate travelling companion. It was a fine afternoon, and the Strand was thronged with foot passengers and the streets with a ceaseless stream of vehicles. Lord Clanavon was evidently enjoying his walk. Head and shoulders taller than most of the crowd, he walked leisurely along, still smoking, and every now and then pausing to look in at a shop window or read the placards out- Bide a theatre. The newsboys, who lined the gutters of the street, were making the air vibrate with their hideous news, but, partly on account of the great roar of traffic and partly owing to habitual inattention, be walked on Kprenely, indifferent to the voluble ones Ohw behind was his travelling companion, who watched him eagerly eaoh time he passed tme of the little knots of newspaper-seller?, and whose faoe was gradually becoming savagely overcast. At last the blow fell. ^\,<ie to Charing Cross Lord Clanavon pan- with the evident Intention of crossing the road, and as he stood on the kerbstone waiting for an omnibus to pass his eyes fell upon a placard which was thrust almost into his face by an eager newsboy. and his ears were saluted at the same time by the oiy which was echoing all down the Strand. "HAW J? OX, TEAGKDV IN THE WEST END!" "'ORBIJBLE MPEDES OF THE EASL OF HABEOWDKAN." FULL PABTICU1.ABS." For the space of fully thirty seconds Lord Clanavon stood perfectly still on the edge of the pathway as though turned into a figure of •tone. Then a ghastly paleness crept into hie cheeks, banishing all his ruddy manly colour, and he swayed baokwards as though about to fall. The roar of the passing vehicles, and the babel of talk and street shouts around, seemed to oome to bim frpm a far-off distance, and the ground appeared to slide away from under his feet. Then came a darkness before his eyeB, a sudden tightening of the brain, and at last unconsciousness. Ic was the firet swoon of a man of iron nerves and constitution, and it was not to be forgotten. When Lord Clanavon opened his eyes and looked around him his first impressions were rather mixed ones. To begin with, he was lying upon a strange sofa in a strange room, and more wonderful still, its only other ocoupant wae a woman. He raised himself noiselessly upon his elbow and scrutinized his surroundings a little more carefully. The room was of moderate size, and was well and tastefully furnished thongh not luxuriously. This muoh a hasty glance showed him; then his eyes fell upon bis oompanion, aid remained there. He was an artist by temperament, keenly appreciative of beauty in any form, and he felt a subtle sense of pleasure in letting his gaze rest upon her perfect oval face, with its dark blue, almost violet eyes, and brilliant complexion, and her dainty petite figure. For a moment or two he lay there watching her; then she looked up from the Sowers which she was busy arranging, and blushed slightly as her eyes met his. '' You are better ?" she enquired softly, crossing the room, and standing at his side " Better !" he repeated wonderingly. "Have I been ill? Ah !" Asudden wave of recollection came streaming in upon him, bringing with it a sickening sense of the horrible thing which had happened. Again he seemed to be in the noisy Strand, with that awful placard stretohed out before him, and the shrill cries of the eager newsboys sieging in bis ears. This time, however, he witnessed the shook and remained calm. _ " Have you one of those papers ?" he aBked, rising slowly to his feet. She put one into his outstretched hand unwillingly, and with a great compassion shining out of her luminous eyes. *' My father left one here for you," she said softly. " Ho thought that it would be better for you to real all about it for yourself. I—I am so sorry." He took it with trembling fingers, and sinking down upon an ottoman, read it through. Then the paper fluttered down on to the floor, and he covered his face with hiB hands for a few minutes. When he looked up again he was quite calm, but his voice was hard and his eyes dry and bright. " Where am I ?" he asked, looking around bim. " You are in my father's rooms in Cravenstreet," she answered. "You were taken ill, and he brought you here," . " It was very good of him—very kind. Is he here?" " He will be in a moment, yon will wait and see him, won't you? I—I'm afraid you have had some very terrible news." He pointed to the paragraph. " Yes. He was my father." " Jfour father! Oh, how dreadful! And you knew nothing about it?" " Nothing. I came back this afternoon from abroad, and was on my way home." The sight of his misery was awfnL She turned away with a little sob and stood at the window with her handkerchief pressed to her eyes. She would have liked to have consoled him, but how was she to attempt it. A stranger too! So she did what seemed to her the next best thing. She remained silent, asking no more questions. After a while the necessity foraotionof some sort flashed in upon him. Hr rose suddenly, and took up his hat. " I must go now," he said, keeping his voioe steady with an effort. " If your father has gone out will you tell me his name that I may call and thank him for his kindnoss—and you for yours," he added- The words were conventional enough; the tore was a little more gratetul even than the occasion seemed to demand. PerhapB ehe thought so, for ehe blushed faintly when she answered him. "Our name is Feurget, and Ah, that is my father's step I think! He has returned then." Lord Clanavon turned towards the door, and saw a slight, dark figure standing upon the doorstep. Something familiar in the pale oval face and restless eyes arrested the words which he had been on the point of uttering. But it was not until Mr. De Feurget had advanced into the centre of the room that Lord Clanavon recognised his recent travelling oompanion. Then be held out his hand, with a somewhat forced smile. "I scarcely thought that we should meet again so soon," he said, " It was very good of you to bring me here; I don't know what would have become of me if you hadn't. I suppose I muse have fainted," he added, as though rather ashamed of the fact. " Huch a shock if* enough to make any man fninfi. " th« nthftr anril^ Erow-ly. " T femnt that •you are better nuw" •'•- ri "Yes, I am better," Lord Olanavon answered, with a little shudder. "I was just going as you oame in. Perhaps yon will allow me to call again at some future time. Just now I don't feel up to much conversation, and I teel that I haven't thanked you—and your daughter—half enough for your kindness." He bad moved towards the open door, and from there bowed his farewell to the young lady. Certainly she was very beautiful, he thought, as he looked into her dark brilliant face and eaw the soft sympathetic light flashing in her deep blue eyes. And then he felt ashamed of himself for thinking of such a thing at such an awful time, and turned away a little abruptly. M. de Feurget followed him downstairs and opened the door for him. "Let me fetch you a hansom," he suggested. " Yon look scarcely fit to walk." Lord Clanaven shook his bead. " I think that the walk will do me good," he said. "Ioouldn't breathe in a cab. Good afternoon." Then he turned away and walked slowly down the street with bowed head and eyes fixed upon the pavement. The man from whom he had parted remained upon the doorstep watching bim with a curious look upon his face. His thin, colourless lips were parted in a slight smile, which wae more suggestiveof a sneer than of mirth, and his dark eyes had lost for a moment their shifty, restless expression, and were full of deep thought. He stood there for fully five minutes after Lord Clanaven had disappeared motionless and absorbed. Then some trifling noise in the street seemed to ohange the current of his th-iughts, and he abruptly re- entered the house and olosed the door. 