Chapter XXVI.—" Though Love and Lips and Death should Come and Go." • Isola was alone in the spacious Koman araw: ing-room with, its wide windows and shady loggia. The sun was off that side of the house now, and the Venetian shutters had been pushed back, and between the heavy stone pillars of the loggia she saw the orange and magnolia trees in the garden and the pale gold of the mimosas beyond. The sun wa3 shining full upon the Hill of Gardens, that hill at whose foot Hero was buried—in secret, at dead of night, by his faithful freed man and the de voted woman who loved hiui to the shamefui end of the shameful life; that hill whose antique groves the wicked Oiesar's ghost had once made a place of terror. The wicked ghost was laid now. Modern civilisation had sent Nero the way of all phantoms and- fashionable Rome made holiday on the Hill of Gardens. A military band was playing'there this afternoon in the golden light, and the familiar melodies of "Don Giovanni" were wafted ever and anon in little gusts of sweetness to the loggia, where the vivid crimson of waxen camellias and tthe softer rose of oleander blossoms gave brightness and color to the dark foliage and the cold whits atone. Isola' heard those far oft melodies, faint m the distance, without heeding. The notes were beyond measure, familiar, interwoven with the very fabric of her lite ; for those were the airs Martin Disney loved, and she had played them to him nearly every evening in their quiet, -monotonous life. She heard un heeding, for her thoughts had wandered back to the night of the ball at Lostwithiel and all that went after it—the fatal night that struck the deatih- knell of peace and innocence, How vividly she remembered every detail; ber fluttering apprehensions during the long drive in the dark lanes, up hill and down hill; her eagerness for the delight of thedance^as an uuaccustomed pleasure, a scene to which youthful beauty flie3 as the moth to the flame; her remorseful consciousness that she had done wrong in yielding to the temptation which drew her there; the longing to see Lord Lostwithiel once more — Lostwithiel, whom • she had vowed to herself never to meet again of her own free will. She had gone home that afternoon-resolved to forego the ball, to- make any social sacrifice rather than look upon that man whose burning word3 of love, breathed in her ear before she had enough of nerve or calmness to silence him, had left her ecathed and seared as if die lightning had blasted her. She bad heard his avowal; no room now to doubt the meaning of all that had gone before; no ground now for believing in a tender Platonic admiration, lapping her round with its soft radiance, a light but not a fire. That which had burnt into her soul to-day was thp fierce flame of dishonoring love—the open avowal of a love that wanted to steal her from her husband and make her a sinner before her God. She knew this much—had brooded upon it all the evening—and yet she wa3 going to a place where she must inevitably meet the tempter. She was going because it was expedient to go ; because her persistent refusal to be there might give rise to guesses and suspicions that would lead to a discovery of the real reason of her absence. She had seen often enough the subtle process, the society searchlight, by which Trelaseo and Fowey could arrive at the innermost working of a neighbor's heart, the deepest mysteries of motive. She was going to the ball after all, fevered, anxious, full of dim forebodings, and yet with an eager expectancy, and yet with a strange over- mastering joy. How should she meet him ? How could she avoid him without osten tatious avoidance, knowing how many eyes would be -quick to mark any deviation from conventional propriety? Somehow or other she was resolved to avoid all association with him, to get her card filled before ho could asi her to dance,' or in any case to refuse if h< asked her. He would scarcely venture tc approach her after what had been said in tin lane, when her indignation had been plainly expressed with angry tears. No, he would hardly dare. And. so—in a vague bewilder ment'at finding she was at her journey's end she saw the lights of the little town close upon her, and in the next few minutes her carriage was moving slowly in the rank of carriages setting down their freight at the door of the inn. Vaguely, as in a dream, she saw the lights and the flowers, the fine dresses and the dia monds, the scarlet and white upon the walls, brush and vizard, vizard and brush. He was not there. She looked among the crowd and that tall figure and that dark head were absent,. She ought to have been- glad at this respite, and yet her heart grew heavy as lead. Later he was there and she was waltzing with him. At the last moment when he was standing before her, cool, self-possessed, as it were unconscious of that burning past, she had no more power to refuse to be his partner than the bird has to escape from the snake. She had given him her hand and they were moving slowly, softly to the music of the soft, slow waltz. Myosotis, myosotis—mystic flower which means everlasting remembrance —. would she ever forget this night? Their last' meeting—safest possible meeting- place here in the shine of the lamps—in the sight of the multitude. Here she could hold him at arm's length ; here she might speak to him lightly, as if she too were unconscious of the past. Here she was safe against his madness and her own weak unstable heart, which fluttered at his smallest word. fjlobe continued.) . Try "Goaouoline " for Guts, Sand Cracks, Preserving Harness and Leather Goods. It stands unriva'ded. Obtainable from Iron mongers^ Storekeepers, and Saddlers. 