Children's -f ohmm. AN ADVENTURE WTTH AN ALBATROSS. [By A. Jov-es.3 Captain Hart, of the steamship Muiposa, sailing between San Franciseo and Australia, was formerly a wealthy young wan, who went to sea becaose he loved life on die water. He was asked by a passenger on one of the Atari posa1* trips to tell how he came to adopt a sea bearing life, and t» relate his most thrilling advetttore. Here is his ctory : — *' I was 24 years old when I left Harvard, having graduated well op in my class. I had come into possession of the property left to me by my father in that year, and, as my mother had also died, and tny sisters had married, I determined to spend a few years in travel. I went to Europe and South Africa, returning to London the same year. Clark Russell's sea. stories had always interested me greatly, and I made np my mind to rough it on a, trip to Australia in a clipper ship. I tried to engage a cabin passage in the Josephine, then one of the largest sailing-ships afloat ;. bat old Captain Hardy, whom everybody called ' the bear1 because he was rongh and brasqne, re fused with many an oath, saying he didn't keep any blaulcety blank hotel, and no man couldsailon hisship withonteigningai- iidesaiid doing Iiis proper amount of work. Of conrBe I knew a ship as well as £ knew a house, and I decided to goon tfaeJosephine before (he mast just for the fan of it. I b&w; a twinkle in the old captain's eye as I signed the usual articles for the voyage to Sydney, New South Wales. He simply remarked, howerer, ' You're big enough to do yonr ehare of the work.* ' I procured a regular oatfit, sent my kit on board, and took my place among the crew. I found friends among the forecastle at once, for I assumed no sirs, acted just as everybody else -lid, and studiously minded my own busi ness. In spite of my discretion, though, I made some enemies. One of them was in the same watch with me. His name was Korris, and he claimed to be an Englishman, but he spoke with a lightly foreign accent, end was dark enough to be taken for a Portuguese or a Spaniard, I disliked faun from the first, and be evidently had as little regard for me as I bad for him. He insnlted me oneday in the forecastle daring onr watch below, and I struck htm a blow under the ear that pat him to sleep very effectually. He was unconscious for two hour*, and I was really afraid tliat be was done for. He regained consciousness finally, and alter that time did not in any way interfere with me. When we were aloft sometimes, however, I could eec him eyeing nie sharply, and was satisfied that he was contemplating some sort of treachery, I said nothing, Imt tried hard to keep my eyes in his direction. 'ffc bad a fairly good voyage onta we struck some extremely rough weather off Cape Horn. 'For two days we ran under dose reefs with the wind abeam, and then the gale became bo violent that we had to heave to to weather it. On die fourth day of the storm the wind moderated, and Captain Hardy ordered as aloft to shake out the lower reefs. We had resumed our course, and were boom ing along at abont ten knots. ? 'Although the wind bad moderated con siderably the sky was a dark grey all around, with clouds of a deeper hue, almost bluish, iu the south-east. It looked to me like more heavy weather, and I doubted the wisdom of shaking out any of the reefs. Norris and I were on the mainroyalyard when a heavy puff of wind struck the ship and threw her almost upon her beany ends. As I stood on the foot rope with my arms over the yard, the heavy piece of timber was almost perpendicular, and I had to dirg hard with hands and feet to keep from going over. Another lurch came when I waa resting my whole weight on the footrope. The rope suddenly parted, and I felt myself falling. Instinctively X flung oat my arms to grasp something, bat my head struck the to'gallaut yard, and over I went *iuto the sea. I remember hearing a cry of *wan overboard' from the deck, and must then liave become unconscious for a time. 1 next found my*elf struggling the crest of each big sea £ caught a glimpse of the ship, and as site was still stauding on her course I knew that I was left to my fate. I was not excited in the least by my position. I folly expected to drownT but I made up my mind to fight as long as I could. I was and am a strong swimmer, and I hoped to l*e able to keep afioat until X could find some spar or bits of wreckage td sustain me Meanwhile, I made as little exertion 03 u*as necessary, so us to preserve niy strength. The water was very cold, and I knew that no man's powers of en durance, Lowever £reat they might be, could be equal to auy prolonged struggle with such dements. **I expected no relief from the Josephine. A email boat could not have been launched in such a sea, and I circulated correctly that Captiiin Hardy did not pot the ship 'alioat, because he did not believe that any man conld live for five minutes among such waves as IumI been breaking over the ship. '* I must have been in the water an l.our, and it was then about, noon, when I e&pied; a piece of a vessel's hatch about tivcnty yards away in die same trough of (he waves in which I was then swimming. I «as quickly becoming exhausted, J-at I made for that little raft with alt of my remaining strength. I was engulfed by the waves a hundred time?, ijcorcs of times great seas broke over me uud sent int down far below 1 he surface. I managed to struggle to the surface many times last I readied die hatch, grasped a protruding spike, and rested a while before I bad strength enough to raise myself upon the half inlmierged raft. There was a bit of rope trailing in the water, with which I lashed myself fast to the hatch to keep from Uciu washed off iu to the sea. ** I think I must have slept for a time in spite of the cold. At any rate I remember lat the sea became suddenly innch calmer, die wind ha\\*ing died away to a simple breeze. As night came on a feeling of indescribable loneliness took possession of tne, which was intensified when I saw that the aluatrossses bad sighted me. A man. who clings to a. spar in die waters about Cipc Horn has more to fear from the giant birds of the air than from the monsters of the deep. The night was a very long one. When I was cot dozing I was looking out over the waves in search of a vessel's lights. Nooe came into view, and the day -Ln-oke cold and cheerless. When, the san came up I thonght I descried land off to the north-west. It was only a faint line, and I was not sure whether it was land or a bank of clouds. I prayed that it might be hind, and I felt more cheerful when I saw that a current was carrying me to the northward. I was very hungry, and I knew that if I did not reach land or was not picked np that I would be at liberty to choose death from either star vation or drowniug. I widn't count on another danger, which turned out to be greater even than the others— the birds. ?Joon after sunrise I eaw a number of great albatrosses sailing through the air far over bead. One by one they came lower, end I watched them with intense admiration. Kol once did I see an albatross 6ap a wing. They rose high into the air and swooped dawn low, turning their immense wings From side to side to direct their course, bat never appearing to use the sligutagt exertion. They were like ships of the air, using their wings as sails, and with a perfect knowledge of tacking, gybing, and the lit e. They went to windward and before the -Bind with -equal facility. Iu my admiration for the great creatures I lost sight of the fact, even iE I had realized it, tliat they were a more serions source of danger than the waves. *' Nearer and nearer they came, and I coold see. their cold, staring eyes regarding me with something in their expression tb&t; made me shiver. £ven then I did not appreciate my danger. One of them swirled past me so close that I was fanned by the air he had disturbed. It was not till another had made a vicious jab at me with life beak ae he ?swooped by that I began to understand the horrors of my position. X had no weapon but a jackknife, which I opened, and with which I prepared to defend myself. I had been lying down all this time, but I now sat np, and made ready for the attack that I felt fiore would come. It was not long delayed. First one albatross and then another flew at uie, picking at my eyes and face. I slashed right and !eft with my knife, screaming the while in tlie hope of scaring the viidous things away. I must have wounded several, but they came at me again and again, each time more savagely. Occasionally, in spite of all that I conld do, one would fasten his beak into my flesh and rear a pieceaway. My face became frightfully lacerated, and I was soon covered with the blood that flowed from my wounds. ' I was on the verge of fainting when I heard a shout near at hand. Turning I saw boat closely approaching, manned by a crew of rough looking natives. I had been sd absorbed in my fight with the birds that I bad Dot observed how closely to the land I had drifted, I'and that a boat was coming to tny rescue. I was taken on board, and wss glad to see that the birds had given np the fight. They made a few wide circles around the boat and then sailed away to the west ward. 'ThenativesFrokcaSpanish dialect, which I could only slightly understand, but from it I gathered that they wore Terra del FoettfJis, and that I was being taken ashore. I did not like their looks, and was almost inclined to think that it would have been better to have let myself drown. I was now very weak and ill, and when we landed they had to carry me ashore. I was taken to a hut where my wounds were dressed by an old woman, who was not at all a bad surgeon, and, after having eatL-n a little, I was laid upon a mattress, where I slept sonndly for several hours. An attacfi of fever followed, and it was nearly a month before I was able to walk. I must have been well nursed, for there were no media uea there. I had a little mouey in my belr, all of which I gave to tny rescuers, inakipg them nuderstAua, however, that I u'&uted; them to take me to sea every day in a boat until I could hail a ship. They did so, and in a week I had caught a vessel bound for Sydney. Whatever can be said of the Terra del Fnegans by other unfortunate travellers, I must admit that they treated me weU. ?* At Sydney I ran across Karris, who acted as if he bad seen a ghost. He shivered and shook with fear, and I taxed him with cutting the rope. lie admitted it, and begged for mercy.' The tendency toward Hi-rli Church ism in the Established Church of Kngliuid is attract ing more and more attention. Such protests as that of the Ucv. Charles Stirling, vicar of Jfew \\\ ahleu. who resigned recently, aro not uncommon. In his letter of rreLrtiatinn to the Bishop of Rochester, he says:-'* It is with the Established Church as she now is, with Popery taught by lier oleryymen ou into altars, her ministers into sacrificing priests, her cunrches into mass hnn&s;, and practised, and, where it is possible, en forced. All this is done under the eyed, vitli tlic kitowled^c and under the protect ion of trishops who first introduce waives in sheep's clothing into the fold, and tl;--n shield Church of England will be punished for her apostasv from those Protestant priuciples and truth of which she was iu better days the Luluark, is as certain as that to-morrow the 