INSIDE NEWGATE. BY JAMES GREENWOOD, THE AMfcSEUfi. CASUAL. Author of " The Amateur Casual," " Under a Cloud," " A Little Ragamuffin," " Dick i Temule," " Almost Lost," " Reuben I Davidger," " Humphrey Dyot," " Wilds of London/'' " In Strange Company," '•Unsentimental Journeys," "Low Life Deeps," Silas the Conjuror," "Jerry Jacksmith, of Lower London," "Tag, ; Rag, and Co.," " Fair Phyllis of Lavender Wharf," &c.;, &c.; 'Tf'HE gaol at Newgate, regarded merely as ViV a piace of safe keeping for evil doers on whom the law has laid a repressive hand, is one of the most interesting of prisons. It was the lion of its kind in the old times ; but of late years it is shorn of its claws, and has attained a degree of tameness that in Captain Macheath's time, would have been deemed impossible. The spiked wicket is no longer kept by a fierce gaolor, surly as a mastiff at the mouth of his kennel, but by an affable official, respectful and civil as a wellbred footman. My cicerone was an elderly and experienced warder, and by way possibly of making known to me the fact that if I had ained admittance under false pretences aud with sinister intentions I should find that I had made a serious mistake, he led the way to an apartment and opened a cupboard, where the fetters were kept—a bright shining row of the modern pattern, with a few examples of the ancient " darbies," such as, I suppose, were used at a time when the_ art of breaking out as well as getting into Newgate nf """ was a " branch of the ""professional's ' education—monstrous things, some of them —and lie unhitched a pair of wrist-irons from the hook, and they weighed at least a quarter of a hundredweight, and the leg irons to match were even more massive. In the same receptacle, and evidently preserved as precious mementoes of the past, were the anvil and hammer with which at the last moment the cruel blacksmith struck off the galling encumbrance, together with several other interesting relics of the good old time. The irons, I was informed, were seldom or never used now, except when prisoners were in coursc of removal from one prison to nother. I came on many other things that used to e the pride and glory of Newgate, but which had been abandoned iinee the enowned criminal stronghold had mended ts manners. I saw, too, the black holehalf-a-dozen black holes indeed—but no one is ever placed in them. Another Newgate institution, observed from time immemorial, is now obsolete—the condemned sermon. I ascertained this from my conductor as we stood in the prison chapel. As of old, to the eft and to the right there are spaces n which the criminal congregation is ccommodated, railed off from the rest of the sacred chamber by spiked bars of iron tout enough to secure the most ferocious reatures of prey ever exhibited at a menagerie, and there too was the doomed one's chair (I always understood that he sat in a pew), a stiff and straightbacked black chair which, when occupied, was placed apart from any other seat and in fair view of the parson in the pulpit. But he now participates in the sermon in common with the rest, and is never specially preached at. But if there is no condemned sermon, Newgate is still faithful to its condemned cell. Except for its terrible associations and for the fact that hundreds of miserable wretches have sat at that table and lain on that bedstead, counting the rapid hours that seemed so hungrily anxious to eat up their dwindling remnant of existence, there is nothing dreadful about the condemned celL It is about thesizeof an ordinary underground back-kitchen, and about as well-lighted. There is a little shelf, on which repose tho dying man's plate and his pannikin, and his hymn-book and testament, and his Bible, unnecessarily branded " Newgate " on the leaves. There is a very small deal table and a little form, and these last-mentioned articles of furniture, as well as the floorboards, are scrubbed white, and the vaulted ceiling is white, and the walls. There is many a cell in which a poor man with his family is condemned to live and pay several hillings a week for, in the shape of rent, that i is not nearly so desirable a place of abode as regards cleanliness and good ventilation. There is no fireplace, and the gas jet burns in a little wire cage, presumably to prevent frantic persons from attempting suicide by burning. I asked whether the condemned, as a rule, gave much trouble; the warder answered unhesitatingly, " No ! There were exceptions, of course ; bub generally, after they got over the first fright, they settled down wonderfully calm, and remained so until the last," which is evideuce that it is in human nature to dread death itself less than the torture of the " cat." It is in the experience of every prison official I ever talked with on the subject that, a ruflian, being uncertain as to the morning when he is to have, as he himself would say, "claws for breakfast," is in the habit of lying night after night in a sweat of terror lest to-morrow should be the doleful day. But there is one feature of Newgate's interior,a recollection of which will probably abide in the memory of tho man who sets eyes on it, long after all else connected with the grim prison is forgotten—the murderers' burying- ground. When one reads that " the body of the malefactor was the same afternoon buried within the precincts of the gaol," the natural inference is that there is a graveyard, that there is a spot, at the rear of the chapel very likely, set apart for the inberment of those who are sacrificed to the law's just vengeance, and that, though the unhallowed hillocks are devoid of head or footstone, there is a registry kept, by which the authorities can tell whose disgraced remains they cover. This, however, is by no means the system adopted. The guide, unlocking a door, discovers a narrow paved alley, between two very tall, rough-hewn walls, which are adorned with whitewash. They alley is, perhaps, fiveaiid-twjuty yards long, and not so wide but that two men joining hands could easily touch the sides of it, and at the end there is a grated gate. " This," • remarks the civil warder, " is where we bury 'em," and you naturally conclude that he alludes to a space beyond the ate, and that he is about to traverse the lley, and open it. Instead of this, barely as he stepped over the threshold than he oints to the letter " S," dimly visible on he wall's surface. " And," says he, " Slitizen, who was hanged for murdering his ife and burning her body," and before our breath, suspended by the startling nnouncement, is restored to you, he lays his forefinger on another letter a few nches off. " Ketcbcalf, who cut the throat of his fellow-servant ; Brambleby, split his father's skull with a arden spade ; Greenacre, who murered Hannah Brown and afterwards cut up her body," and so as he keeps shifting, barely a foot at a time along the whitened wall, he goes on adding to the horrible list, while the ghastly fact dawns on you that every letter deuotes a body cut from the gallows, and that the pavement you are walking on is bedded in the remains of who shall say how many male and female murderers ? We are comparatively moderate in modern times in the use of the hempen cord as a remedy against man-slaying, but it was only a generation back, when business was exceedingly brisk in that line ; a hanging was looked for in the Old Bailey on a Monday aluiosb as much as a matter of course as the cattle-market in Smithfield on a Friday. Then, as now, the dreadful little lane between the high walls was the only place of sepulchre for those who passed out to death through the Debtor's door. The very paving stones bear witness to the many times they have been roughly forced up by unskilled hands that a hole may be dug for the reception of the poor coffined wretches who wear quicklime for a shroud. There is nob a whole pavmg-swne in the t nglh of the a:lc-y, and they are patchc' nd cobbled and mended with dabs c iiortar in the most unhandsome way. " A very large number must have bee buried here at one time and another, 1 remarked. " Bk-ss you, yes, sir," replie the Newgate warder of long service, " yo. can't half see the letters. They need to be all over the other wall as well, but, being whitened every year, the letters at last got filled up." It was not a pleasant idea, and I believe that the cracked and nestable condition of the paving stones suggested it, but it came into my mind as 1 scanned the walls and made out secies and scores of ancient letters, showing ghost-like through the obliterating whitewash, what a hideous crowd it would make if those to whom the initial applied could all in a moment be recalled to life. The narrow alley would not hold them all. There would ensue such a ferocious crushing and striving for escape that there would be murder done over again and such work for the hangman that he would he striking for extra pay. 