A HAUNTED HOUSE IN LONDON. A STRANGE STORY. To look at No. 27, St. George's-road, Kilburn (says the Pall Mall Gazette of March 14), one would not suspect it of being haunted. There is nothing of the tumble-down ivy oovered ruin about it which the Christmas numbers have taught the world to associate with ghosts. It is a eolid, substantial, com fortable- looking house, standing in about the middle of a rather imposing terrace, -with a small garden, containing a few bushes in the front and a large plot of grasB at the back Ic is not by any means a newjiouse, but it has eo ftw marks of ace abontifc that aBelf-resrjectintc ghost would hardly have been expected to regard it as an eligible' residence. Yet there are three people dwelling in the house who assert confidently-- that they have each on separate occasions been the eye witne&BeB; of a remarkable apparition in the house. The Rev. G. S. Tyler, the minister at present attached to the Quex-road Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, and. bis family, who are the eye-witnesses of the ghost, have told a PaU Mall Gazette reporter about it. The house has for many years now been the dwelling- place of the various ministers who have succeeded each, other every three years atthe Quex-road chapel. Air. Tyler and lie family have lived there now for 18 months. 'I have never seen the apparition myself,' said Mr. Tyler, ' and have always been a con firmed unbeliever in spirit manifestations, and .soon. But the fact remains, explain it bow ' you will, tbat my wife apd my daughters Ada and Julie, aged respectively 20 and 19 years, have distinctly seen a mysterious something, whiob, in the absence of any better way of describing it, we have called an apparition. They agree closely in their several descriptions of the figure. A GHOST HJ CLERICAL CLOTHE9. Ifc is that of a person attired as a Wesleyan minister might be, in black clothes of a clerical cut. It is a figure of average stature, with a long grey beard and keen peculiar eyes. It was my yonnger daughter who first met with the apparition. She will tell you in her own way.1' Miss Julie Tyler then took up the story. '* I was standing at the corner of the etairs,' she said, 'and I saw what I took to be pa. I had gone to call him to tea, and when I called him he neither answered nor moved. I thought he was playing with me, and giving me the trouble to go up to him, and I ran up to push him'. I pushed right through the figure and fell against the wall. I was dreadfully frightened, but when I told the others they, laughed at me. But then Ada, later on, saw the same figure, and then mother herself. It was before Christmas that I saw it. No, I had not been reading any ghost stories at all then. But I have since. So have we all.' Miss Ada then related her first experience of the uncanny visitor. She was alone in the house with a child one Sunday evening, and saw tbe figure in the doorway. She thought a man had broken into the house at first, until she observed the clerical cut of the figure's garb, and then recalled her sister's experience. Mrs. Tyler's statement was that while passing by the small room at the end of the passage one evening, she saw Mr. Tyler standing in there, as she thought. She ran upstairs to the study, and there found the actual Mr. Tyler in the flesh. It is in this room at the end of the passage, indeed, where the apparition has been most) frequently seen, and the ladies of tbe household do not care to venture near it alone. It is a email room looking out on to the back garden, but with wooden shutters, which are fastened over the glass in the evening. ' It was in that room,' eaid Miss Julie, 'that I met the figure face to face. I shall never forget his eyes — greyish blue in color, and they seemed to look right through me quite hungrily.' HKCO11MENDED TO THE PSYCHICAL SOCIETY. It was a strange experience for the Pall Mall reporter to sit listening to these ghost stories in broad daylight, for thc- minister and his wife were responsible, unemotional, clear headed folk, and the two daughters are bright, intelligent English girls, with an absence of btiv inrtioationR nf hvntprinal riisnositintiR. They were as firmly convinced that they had seen eome unaccountable figure as that they had eeen the streets of Kilburn when they looked out of the window. The minister, while expressing utter inability to account for the declarations of his family, would not com mit himself to any belief in the supernatural, but betrayed an interest in the whole subject which did not dovetail into bis strained at tempts to laugh the matter over. In reply to further questions he said that one of the Wesleyan ministers who had pre ceded him bad died in this house; and that when he told his friends of his family's experiences, he discovered for the first time that Airs. Gibson, the wife of his im mediate predecessor in the house, had also met with someuncannyexperiencee. Asked whether he had taken certain floors up in his hunt for Eome explanation of the mystery— for so ran the gossip of the neighborhood — the rev. gentleman said that in the top bedroom there had long been a recurrent and intermittent smell of an utterly indescribable kind. The room was quite away from drains or anything which he could imagine as the cause for the eflluvium, and the floor had tteen taken up in the search for the origin of the nuisance. Per haps in the same manner tbab Mr. Stead's 'Julia' writes hie 'copy,' this mysterious clerical spirit oomes to assist) Mr. Tyler in the preparation of his sermons. 