P3IHT ARB I fllY ?' ArAMIS,') Taxation bus been the one theme o£ Pat- I liamentary discussion this week, and though it lias Admitted of many variations, the j debate has never failed to work out the original profigefction, ' We must pa;,' The | whole of the 'reported speeches literally I bristle with chevavz de frige of imposts I that there is no breaking down, going round, jumping over, or crawling under. At every - point tbe unfortunate and impecunious colonist ia impaled on one spike or another 1 of the horrent instrument of torture, and in trying to avoid ficylla he is certain to full ou Ciiar^bJis. Generally the oositi n ad mirably realises the sketch which Sydney Smith presents, in hie essay on America, ol tbo price which John Bull pays lor glory 5 ani it will uleo eUv.n-\ ns a very fair example 1 of tho price which .lobii Bull's son |)ay8 lor extravagance, 41 Taxes on evory article that enters into the month or covers tljf» tody, or , is placed underfoot. Taxes upon everything which ie pleasant to sec. hecr, feel, smell, or taste, l'usts upon warmth, light, &ud; loco motion. Taxes upon everj thing ou ihe earth, or ia the water under the earth ; ou everything that ei.nu'B from abroad or is giown at home. Taxes on the raw materia). TuxbB on every freph value that is added to— if by the in dustry of man. T»xes on the saucg which pampers man appet.te, and the ding which restores him to health; on the ermine which dccoralus ihj judge and the rope which hangs the criminal ; on the j.oor man's salt, nnd on the rich man's spice ; on the braes nails of the cofiin and the ribbons of the bride. At bed and board, couchant or levant, toe mvtt pay. The schoolboy whips his taxed top ; the beardless youth manages his taxed hoise with a taxed bridle on a taxed road ; and the dying Englishman, pouring his medicine which has paid 7 percent., into a spoon which has paid 16 per cent., flings himself back upon his chintz which has paid 22 percent., and ex piree in the arms of an apothecary who has paid £100 f or the privilr ge of putting him to death. His whole property is then im mediately taxed from 2 per cent, to 10 per cent, Beside the prohite large fees are de manded for burying him in the chancel. His virtues are handed down to posterity on taxed marble, and he is then gathered to his fathers to be taxed no more.' Dost like the picture, sweet one 1 The foregoing explains the everlasting ringing of tbe changes upon primage, income tax, land tax, property tax, bonus tax, ab sentee tax, and every other conceivable form of tax devised by the diabolical ingenuity of man for the purpose of squeezing coin from the pocket* of hiB brethren. Bui it must be admitted that the stern necessities of the case justify the application of the financial screw, as will be seen from the explanation afforded by the folio wing outrage on metrical propriety, aiapted from the In goldsby's, purporting to be an addripa de livered to the members by the Treasurer, and entitled RAISING THE DEVIL. ' Say, can ye with unshrinkiag gaze, Sustain the blighting, withering blaze Of that unearthly eye That blasts where'er it lights— the breath That, like the Simoon, scullers death On all that yet can die ! '?Dare ye confront the fearful form That rides the whirlwind and the 6torm In wild, unholy rtv.il ; Tbe terrors of that blasicd brow, Archangel once, but dcmc-n now ; S*y, dare ye face Tin Devil.' ' We dare,' the desperate members cried, And ranged them by the Treasurer's side ; Poet haste and double quick, ' We'll run the risk of grill or roust, To beat the latest Hobart ghost, So trot along Old Nick.' ' 60 be it/' was John Henry's yell, As from his writben lips there fell What sounded like a curse. ' lie como6 I' he cried with wild grimace, ' The felLet of Appolyon's racs Then in the startled members' face He dashed an empty pdbse. A/-ropflt o! Jlobart and its current stories, It seems tbat renewals of old associations are not always attended witb felicitous re su'ts, or there is no truth in a talc of an incident related to me as having recently oc curred down there. It was of two old chums who met at a ball, and renewed thtir school boy acquaintance. One h&d; wandered for years the world over, and the other had never changed bis location. So said tbe latter, ' Look ? Do yau know that fellow yonder with the laid bead and mutton chop whiskers ' That's Jack Cook who used to ge with us to Hutchins School.' ' Ah, yes,' ?aid tbe wanderer ; 1 remember now. And he had a sister, a great ugly, red-headed, sun- freckled gawk of a girl, with big splay feet and blubber lips. What has become of ber?' ' 0. yonder she sits;' come and let me re-introduce yon. Bhe is my wife.' Many a shaft of satire has been fired at the ' irritable g;niaB of poets,' and the ex planation of the irritability lies, perhaps, in the fact tbat the finer the organism the more susceptible it is to tbe unpleasant effect of a jarring vibration. Bat it has never yet been satisfactorily explained why those who pro claim themselves votarieb of harmony and concord should is their mutual association immediately proceed to exemplify the opoo cites of these qualities, and crcatc a scandal by their cwn inharmonious discords. That the tact ie so stands unchallengeable, and while amateur dramatic companies can raise xnctions on very light occasion, lor really bigb-toncd acrimonious acerbity of temper, warranted to keep everyone in ever lasting hot water, and to make things par ticularly tropical for all and sundry there with connccted, a mutical combination can beat all creation. When Sam Weller was asked by the Court how he spelt his name, old Tony, bis father, chimed in with. Spell it with a We, Sammy.' So dealing with musical matters it would seem tbat equal liberty is taken to spell it with a aifftrence. Thus os the slightest provocation comic becomes comirjui, Lyric changes to hytigue, and taking our Q from these precedents Ohoral Society aboul I then fore even more appropriately be rendered as below unto— THE ''QUARREL SOCIETY.' Ton may talk of the comfort sublime, The subdued yet fcstatic hilarity, Of the laaiiB devoting their time To dispensing their Albert Hall charity ; But for harmony, concord ani bliss, In an almost unbounded variety, My private prescription is this— Join in starling a Qaarrel Society. O ! tbe pleasure is something divine. When we gathered our venture co dab, Our excitement was almos: hysterical, Ae we piee- fully voted our club Should henceforward be known as the Bo we launched it without tbe least fear, Or the slightest approach to dubiety, And fixed when we first should appear As a fuM-itedged Quarrel Bcciety, And with laurels our foreheads Then we gaily allotted the parts, King and nobles et hoe ilivstvisHimo, And the key-note tbat rang in our hearts Was decidedly 0 in altissimo, And each nigbt was our concord expressed In a b'.ythesnme and gay 'tra-la-liety' I Aseacb one io the other ronfeBsnl 'twas a dandy young Quarrel Society, I And distinctly a sc reaming eucceat, j But before wc had got very f *r 1 There were symptoms distinctly tyranni cal, I Which increased to a regular jar As we did the un-dressed Maritanical, And we speedily fonnd to onr cost That through bumptious and crass con trariety, We were faced by a terrible Frost That might ruin onr Quarrel Society, And result in no end of a mess. Still we made onr deUit— with a jerk, From tbat scribbling on dit— -ic Vol eorian, And delivered poor Wallace's work By tbe process yclept Don C.-esarian; And witb private and public applause 1 We were all of us filled to satiety, I Which, alas ' was the ultimate canse 1 That ' played up ' with onr Quarrel j Society I By a very appropriate caurse. I For, polled np witb importance and pride, - The contrary one started somecavillings As to bow he proposed to divide I What the vulgar would call tbe manavel- 1 W°*«| j And be followed thin plan in bis ire By a caaTau of such groBe impropriety That the fat wrb soon all in tbe fire, And v?b ' boomei' as a Quarrel Bocicty Of tho very Brat figbt»blo foico. There were scoldings, reprcachoB, and tears, And the shindy was really a toney 'un, As the members, all sat by the ears. Did the Frosiic or else Andersonian ; And to-dcy at its mournial effect We are called, with a spice ot impiety, ' The Scceders ' and ' Hcly Elect'' Of the two-headed Quarrel Society. And we mean to go at it again. Bo when doubtful which section to choose, O ' ye fair ones from girlhood to matron* age, Tou rousl; look to yonr c's and your q's E'er you tbink of bestowing your patron age, For the First Fiddle states from this week To avoid any subsequent riot, be Drops Lyric nnd taki-s up Lyriryue Ah the name of our Quarrel Society. So lei concord aud hannony reign, By tbe way, I notice a distinct disposition ' on thi* part of certain amateurs whose names ] huve been recently before the public, to J resent criticism, even when it auunics the j mildcBt an'i most kindly form. Tuis is very ill-advised, since it overlooks the objectors' indebtedness to tbe scribe for the public , commenoauoDB lruquunuv ueBtowea witn , far more generosity than justice. It j would be a sorry thing for Press j writers if their critical faculty were judged by their published opinions of ; i the average amateur effort. But it may : ! be safely assorted that tbey are by no means ao wanting in cultivated judgment aa would 1 thus appear, and if, in resenting kindly criticism, that unqualified eulogy is de manded by right of self-supposed genius, which is so often accorded as a mere matter of courtesy, tbe ciitic may have to vindicate his reputation by adopting a higher standard | and more Btrictfy conscientoustone, Itmay be further remarked that real murit is alwavB most toleiant of criticism, and that, as a rule, it is only resented by pretentious mediocrity or overweening self-conceit, Bccause a critic is kind, it docB not follow that every soprano is a Patii, every con tralto a Paley, every tenor a Vilalta, every basso a Foli, and every conductor who aimlessly waggles a baton in front of a 1 chorus a Cowen. I have no desire to give these rematks a personal application, but (f there 1 e thcee who find tbe cap fit, they are heartily welcome to wi.ar it. Were amateurs always criticised ou tbeir merits, the roeult might very often be similar to tbat obtained when tbe old German profetsor was invited to hear the family prodigy, jast home from boar.iing- tcbool, play Beethoven's ' Moon light SocnU.' Ue eat it through in silencc, and at its conclusion he jumped up and rx claimed iu an ccstacy of enthusiasm— 'Ach. Himmel ! Dot ia grand I dot i* beautiful 1 dot is magnificent ! I do never hear dot sublime composition, but my whole soul rise ia reverent adtsiraljoo of de transcendent genius of do great Maestro. Even you, my dear Miss, cannot wholly spoil its perfect harmonies.0 The following, which comes over from | Melbourne, is good enough to send on : — A certain well-known medico has a newly arrived Hibernian for a servant ; he has also recently purchased a pair ot porpoise 'leather boots, His wife, attracted b.v the novelty of the new footwear, asked the . doctor in the presence of the servant what | they wore made of, to which he responded, 'Porpoise hide.' Sfcottiy after the laiy from the Emerald Isle interviewed her mis tress, and announced her intention of '? laving whin me week is up.' Her mistress, somewhat surprised, asked tbe disturbed domestic the reason for her announced de parture, to which Bridget responded with a horrified eir:— 'Yer husband is a docther, mum, an* I've heard them docthers to he cnttin' up people, an1 didn't I hear nm, wid me own ears, eay that the boots of him wore made of pauper's hide. U'e me own ould father that died in th? poorhouse, an' 1 wouldn't be scrviu' a haythen that uses the skin of the poor to cover hiu dirtby feet wid,' Writing in Wednesday's issue nnier tbe head'ng of u D0L4 and Dashes,' 1 promised to supplement ' L'p'ards ! with 'By Jabers.' This latter tells tie etory of Longfellow's Excelsior from an Irish view point, and it is amQEing to notice bow admirably the parodist has altered tbe incidence cf the narativo in one nuterial particular to euit the nationality of the interpreter, i 1IY JABEBS 1 1 The nigbt was descending so terribly fast, As on tbroagh a mountain-side village there passed A broth ci a boy to his neck in the snow ; And he swung the shillelagh he grasped to and fro, Saying, '* Up to the top of tbe mountain I'll g°- UnlesB covered np by this murderin' snow, By Jabers !' Be looked mortal sad, but his eye was a# bright As a warm fire of turf on a cowld winter's nisht ; And never a word tbat he said could ye tell, As he opened his month, but tbat terrible yell— ' Shure up to the top of the mountain I'll go. Unless covered np by this mnrtheriog snow By JaberB !' Through the windvs he saw, as be travelled along, The gleam of tbe candles and firelight so strong ; 1 But a great chunk of ice hung right over his head, i Wii a shiver and grin, ' By St, Patrick,' he said. 1 ' To the very tip top I will go wid a rush, Aud tben, if it iiile, not meself will it crash. By Jabers !' Bis fingers and thumbs they were numbed with tbe cowld. But lisht was his heart and his brow it looked bowld ; He tuckcd down his head to tbe snow and the sleet. For tbe Btorm it blew hard and right into his teeth ; But he cared not a jot, he would go to the And the Divil himself hie intent shouldn't By Jabers ! ' Whist a bit,' Slid an old man, whose hair was ae white As the enowr?«kes that fell oa that terrible ' Ye'll fall in thewathcr toe bit av a lad For the night it is dark, and walking is bad.' Shure not the least bit did he bear what he B&id;, But he'd go to the top it he went on his head. By Jabers ! A sweet buxom girl, such as likes to be kissed, Axed him ' Wouldn't he shtop ?' and how could be renst ; So snnppirg hid tiugers and winking hi* eye Whilst tmiliDg upon htr be made tbis rcplj — ' Faith — 1 meant to keep on till I got to the top, But, daTliti', I'm thinking, J might et well sHv}-. By Jabers I ' Bo he stopped— all that ovening and all the next day, And ye inusn't enquire when he did go away, For what would be be but a beastly gos To be leaving his bride in the sweet honey When the old man bas praties enough and to spare, Och i he might as well stop if he's cosy in there. By Jabers ! The very Irish method of working ont the denmt&iieiit; te suit the National character istic of the amorous Lons of Erin is one of those bappy inspirations that speak volumes in a line, and a whole library in a sentsnee. It is the ntjAut ultra ot the art, and there for 'By Jaters' may well st&&d; as tbe fin, de sieele specimen of its style, and the very paddy ist of all parodies. 