T H E - K I N G D O M O F G O D . BY THE REV. .T. C. KIRV.Y. " Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and JTis ii .1 •• msness, and all these things shall be added unto you."—Mat., v. 33. WHAT KINGDOM CHRIST SPEAKS OF. THE blessed Saviour lifts the veil and gives us some glimpses of a blessed place, above, beyond, and outside eartb. " In My Father's house are many mansions, I go to prepare a place for you." St. John gives us the vision of the heavenly Jerusalem prepared as a bride adorned for her husband, descending out of heaven from God. But the kingdom of God, Christ talks about in the text is something that belongs to this present earth, and that can be sought in this mortal life. This is shown because those who 6eek it are to have all manner of good earthly things added to them ; that is, they are to have plenty of food and drink, and plenty of beautiful clothes and the comforts of this life. ELEMENTS OF THIS KINGDOM. A kingdom implies the existence of a king and of the king's laws. The kingdom of God has God for its King, and the laws of Ood for its laws. These laws are all condensed into two, " Thou slialt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart," and " Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself." Not love thy neighbour better than thyself, but juat as well as thyself. Now Christ told the great multitude 011 the Mount, that if they, the multitude, sought first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, then to them, that is. the multitude, should be added plentiful food and raiment; that tliey nerd never be anxious about food or clothes, because their Heavenly Father knew that they had need of these things, and would take good care that they should be supplied. THE WORD " SEEK " TO HE NOTICE!'. Notice the Lord Jesus uses the word "seek." Seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness. He does not say that mankind are required to give perfect obedience before they shall have good food and clothing as beautiful as the lily. Only that they must seek—• that is, they must make real effort to love God and their neighbour as themselves. zealously intentioned, even if So long as we are rightly and our practice in points is deficient, earthly goods are to be added untu us. How merciful and considerate is God to content Himself with a sincere spirit, and not to demand perfect conduct. But God does demand the sincere spirit, as the Lord Jesus points out. Mankind exist as individuals, and exist as societies and multitudes. When the Lord Jesus used these words and made this promise He was talking to a vast multitude and not simply to separate individuals. "Seek ye (that is the whole company and multitude that were with Him on the mountain) the kingdom of God and His righteousness," then the whole company would have added to them the plentiful food and raiment and worldly goods of which Christ was speaking. Christ is here making a promise to a community, a company, that if they would combine together to love God with all their hearts and their neighbour as themselves, that then they fhould become a rich community, abundantly supplied with bodily comforts, THE GRAND ERROR. There is a grand error abroad which work?, and has worked, all manner of mischief. It is the imagination and belief that the laws of the Lord Jesus were addressed only to solitary individuals, and that the religion of Christ is purely an individual matter. Take the phrase, "Kingdom of God."' A kingdom contains many persons in association. While Christ does not forget the individual and attaches priceless value to each soul—for He tells us that in heaven there is joy over one sinner that repentetli—yet Christ frequently contemplates society and plurality in his teaching. He says, " Seek ye the kingdom of God." Christ does all He can to encourage association, brotherhood, for He gays, " Where two or three are gathered in My name, there am I in the midst of them." The Pharisee was full of self. He was a thorough individualist. Hi3 prayer was all about himself and for himself. It was filled with the capital " I." " God, I thank Thee that I am not as other men are. I fast twice in the week. I gives tithes of all that I possess." When the Lord Jesus taught the apostles to pray He taught them to use the plural. He taught them to pray in a social spirit. " Our Father which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. . . . Forgive us . . . as we forgive. . . . Lead us not into temptation." Christ did not say to Nicodemus, " Thou must be born again," but " Ye must be born again." It was a general need of the whole nation ; it wanted a new birth. Without we pray in a s r .cial spirit and act in a social spirit, we cannot be the disciples of Christ. The Holy Ghost repudiates selfish religion as a lie, and says, "If we love not the brother whom we have seen, how shall we love God whom we have not seen 1" The fact is, the Christian religion- is the religion of the happy and sensible medium. It neither goes mad into individualism, nor mad into socialism ; but it hits the happy mean according to the ancient adage, which says, " Truth lies between the two extremes." NO NATION AS SUCH HAS EVER SOUGHT THE KINGDOM OF GOD. Up to the present time there has never been a whole nation of people living in one country who as a collective body have sought fir3t of all as the great aim of the collective life the kingdom of God and Hia righteousness. The great Babylonian race nevertroubled about God's kingdom of IOVH, nor ever aimed to do justice. Jheir aim was power and pleasure. Thfit great race perished by the diseases brought about by its own wickedness. The great Greek race never troubled about God's kingdom of love, or God's righteousness. Save a few wretched remnants, that race is dead. The mighty Romans never aimed at God's kingdom. Full of egotism they sought power and sensual pleasure for Roman is nothing but a memory. themselves, and now the real The French worship glory and Aphrodite, and that nation is dying, dying. Every year there are more deaths than births of French people. The only chance for the French race to continue its existence is for the nation to repent. If as a whole that wonderful people would turn about and forsake glory and Aphrodite, and seek God's kingdom and righteousness, they .would have a life, a happiness, and a prosperity compared with which all the French would seem but beggarly emptiness. ASSERTION AND GROUND OF ASSERTION. I assert that the French the past of nation would cease to die, would be blessed with all earthly good things for use and beauty, if they would as a collective body seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness in all their common or social life and practice. I assert this as the authority of the greatest of all teachers of political economy, the Lord Jesus Christ, and as fatas I am concerned what Jesus says is quite enough authority for me. I assert this on the authority oE the greatest and truest treatise of political and social economy tjiat was ever written, viz., the Sermon 011 the Mount. The Bishop of Peterborough very truly said that if the principles of the Sermon on the Mount were put into practice by any nation no modern State could live a week, and Mr. Justice Boucaut is of the same opinion. Why would not the modern State live if the Sermon on the Mount went into public and general practice 1 Why, because the best of modern Governments has so many wicked laws and and is so very neglectful of justic", of mercy, and practices, love, that if the Sermon 011 the Mount came into practice there would be such heavenly reformations and changes that the corrupt modern States, laws, and Governments must perish. I should rejoice to go to the funeral of the modern States, so long as they were to be superseded by the Sermon on the Mount—the loving reign of the living God. If the peoples as communitias did turn their hearts to seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, they might well dispense with the modern States, and crown themselves with roses and sing hallelujahs. For poverty and rags, and sweating, and drunkenness, and gambling, and prostitution would ba known no more, and the sword should be beaten into ploughshare and the spear into pruning-hook. COMMUNITIES WHO HAVE SOUGHT THE KINGDOM. But communities of people have sought first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, though this has not been done by nations. Take the Quakers. Tbey have done so as a body of people. As a body they have found Christ's promise true to the letter. They have always had abundance of wholesome food, and a plentiful supply of beautiful things. They have found the principles of kindly, industrious, just living, in the fear of Gud, and mutual help, result in good dwellings and fresh air for their children, and good education, in the reasonable possession of property, and an easy arm-chair in old age. TAKE THE STUNDISTS IN RUSSIA who are being so cruelly persecuted by the present Czar. These are a kind of Quaker Baptists, and they as a people seek to live the Sermon 011 the Mount. But when not persecuted they get rich, they dwell in better hornet, wear better clothes, eat better food, get better education, live longer lives than the other Russians. If the poor, dark Cz>r only knew what would make the peac. and prosperity and power oE Russia, he would desire iliat all the hundred of millions of the Russians should lircumu Stui dists. Then there would be no mure fmiiiiies in Russia, 110 mure borrowing of millions in the exchanges of Western Europe to waste in gunpiwder and soldiers' uniforms. I could speak of oilier c immunities, and show- the astonishing material bum li s that come to communities when they together se> k even partially the kingdom of God and His righteousness. Hence actual experience supports the authority of Christ when He declares that God will add abund >nt food and clothing to the community that BEFORE all el3e first SEEKS God's kingdom and righteousness. Therefore, not only from Christ's bare word, but from experience and history, I believe that it the dying French nation would as a community repent and take to the practice of the Sermon on the Mount, then that splendid nation would reach an abundance, a wealth, a joy, a surrounding of beauty, beyond what they have ever imagined. THE AUSTRALIAN NATION. If this Australian nation wishes to attain the height of health, of knowledge, of wisdom, of joy, of honour, of use, of true power ; if we wish a national life unique in its noble delight, in the glory it brings to our Father in heaven, and the good it brings to our brethren on earLh, then as a community we must BEEK first the kingdom of God and HU righteousness. We must send not wind-bag?, but men of justice, and mercy, and reverence for what is holy, into our Parlia ments. We must clear out drunkards and the unclean from places of power. We must insist on laws that do justice to all classes. We must not rob men under forma of law. We must more effectually protect young women from the destroyer. We must not allow men to run away from Iheir wives with the impunity they do. We must have have reformatory farms for persistent drunkards and ne'er-d' -wells. If this community sought in all ways it could, as a foremost object, God's kingdom and RIGHTEOUEIIES 0 , then Australia would be the land of music and song, and flowers and paintings, and modest sculpture and sublime architecture, and longlifn, and great festiral?, and beautiful clothing apd good food.. Young Australians, be patriotic. X/se your influencte^o cause your nation to seek first in its cointno^? ajid associated life the kingdom of God and His rightebusness. Daughters of Australia, the fair wattk .blossoms of our country, lend yourselves to help oji the reigtjof the Sermon on the Mount in your own fair, vast,, native land. Then shall the earth yield her increase, and God, even our own God, shall bless us. THE SOLITARY PIONEER. If the solitary person seeks first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, this solitary individual has an arduous, dangerous task. Jesus does not in the text promise him or her that to such an one food' and clothing shall be added in abundance and beauty. The solitary pioneer may have the goods of this world, and if not persecuted will have an earthly as well as a heavenly reward. For godliness in its own nature if not interfered with by wicked and vexatious people, is profitable both for the life that now is and for that which is to come. But if thou art an unassociated, solitary worker and warrior for God and His righteousness, there may come to thee the cross, but by-and-bye comes the crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous Judge, shall give thee. 