A TOUR THROUGH INDIA No. IV. [BY Professor P[?]FATHER, LLD] BENARES. It is at best a long and weary journey from Calcutta to Benares, so it is well to get over a good part of it by travelling at night. The sleeping carriages are com- fortable, if not so luxurious as those* between Adelaide and Melbourne, andf the refreshment rooms on the way are ex-, cellent and moderate in their chat- gas. The dead level of Lower Bengal iff monotonous in the extreme; endless fields, in the wet season planted with rice, now green with com:«__, which looks nob unlike Cape broom, and other kinds of! grain; patches of castor oil plants; groves of mangoes, guavas, and palms, -md here and there little clusters of tiled or thatched cottages, which seem about, halfway between Maori pahs and Englirfc villages. The night was decidedly cold, but it became hot as the -morning wore. ■on, and it was past noon before __t reached Benares. __^^ Benares is one of the cities which If bave always from early childhood yearned, to see. Rome and Jerusalem I know well^? Mecca alas! I can never see, but a V—at. to the sacred city of the Hindoo wOL form a fitting eoncfa-_ion to my wander-, ings amongst hallowed shrines. The verj-^ history of the place seems beyond one 'ai power of realisation. Not even Athens,. Rome, or Cadiz can boast such antiquity, i It is true that I have stood on tbe eite-of many cities which may bave been as, ancient. Memphis and the Lybis- berberf cities of North Africa date facon period* long anterior to any written records. But Memphis is in ruins, and of th« Lybis-berbers nothing remains except the strange weird cemeteries which aea scattered through tbe deserts and forests, of Algeria. Palmyra was built h_T_ Solomon; but the wretched hovels cf . modem Tadmor C-—-h_*"dlybet—_lerv?i—to\ represent the gorgeous capital of Zenobi-.,- Jerusalom exists still, in a sease; yeJrg the melancholy-looking Syrian town a**_b the collection of European conven_rV—jrfa—tf! the ghost of its former greatness. Thai only great living city Ibave visited which, can compare with Benares in point of; antiquity is Damascus, which like itseenia to have been, endowed with tiie gift dt perpetual youth. In other point-, also, the two cities are strangely pan—leL Ead_ has passed through three great phases —B religious life ; in each the ancient b___-i ings have either fallen into ruins, or been-. reconstructed so that tbe passing tnH-eDa^ of to-day sees nothing bat a modern eft-**** teeming witb life and indnstacy. Bob Benares seems the more unchanged a£ th—l two. Twelve centuries ago a celebrated; Buddhist pilgrim from China, by ??«*—*yi • Hiouen Throng, described the city as n_—r, the Ganges, a little more than three n_L_C longandaboutonemile broad. ''Families,* he wrote, "of great wealth whoso houses are filled with rare and pre—knia things are to be seen. Tba people _ra gentle and polished, and esteem bighlj" those who are devoted to a, stuliou? li_v The greater portion of them believe in the heretical doctrines of EOndooism, &n;$ few have respect for the law of Boddb_► The climate is temperate, grain is iifc abundance, the fruit trees are loxnriamt^ and the earth is covered witb tufted vege tation. . . There are a handled temples oftheHindoogod?." Substitute Mahomet for Buddha, and tbe description wfll. almost lite—illy be true to-day. !*he popu lation now is about 180,000, of whom. 130,000 are Hindoos.and the rest, withtbac exception of a few Christians, are Moham medans. But it is its modern sanctify, eveo^ more than its past history, that is th—r charm of Benares. To a hundred ani fifty millions of our fellow-subjects u_; India it is the holiest spot on earth. From every pact of this vast country pilgrims continually flock to worship at its shrines and to bathe in tbe sacrect waters. It is even said that tbere are* more miissionaries emgaged in forwardingi the worship of its idols than in propaga ting the doctrines of Christianity. Of course I speak merely as a casual db-«. server, without having made any careful, study of the subject; but so far as firsft impressionsgol must say that t_£ Hindoo • religion strikes me as amply repnlsivai wi—hoot a single redeeming feature, excepts perhaps its -making bathing a religious* duty. It seems to contain just enough; that is satisfying to the aspirations, of thej human soul to make the work of thai Christian teacher difficult; but it neithe^ possesses tbe pure Mono&eism; of thai creed of Islam, nor can it show tiuj works of chanty and mercy whid-j " were once the glory of Buddhism. Here*. I suppose, I can see it at its best^ and certainly the sight is not edifying- In the Europe—lized quarter, near onr hotel, even the native street- are wide and, well paved and lighted; but once ona goes into the real Hindoo city, where tba streets are mere passages and the pro jecting upper stories of the houses seem almost to touch each other overhead, everything—pleasant and unpleasant—is truly Oriental. We drove first to see thai famous *'monkey temple," sacred to the* goddess Durga. Everywhere along the roadside were little temples, or rather? shrines; none, I believe, of any greafr antiquity, and very few possessing any* beauty. They are like shortened spires, overloaded with barbaric ornamentation. The army of half naked beggars when rushed up directly our carriage stopped, reminded one of a church door in Italy _~. many of them were pitiable objects oF deformity. We had to put on wreaths cff 7—_rigolds, to distribute backsheesh to some forbidding looking jmonka, to feed the sacred monkeys, and to try to admire, tbe temple and believe that the metal and glass ornaments which decorated the*; shrine itself were pure gold and *-_i-a* gems; but I cannot say that I enjoyed thatf visit. I gladly drove on to the Ganges^, which is the real sight of Benatea. T*-_?' city is built on one side of the river one tbe top of a. steep slope, -or rather —riff,, which gives it an imposing appearance*a tbe cliff is-«rowned witb a long bare «_t splendid palaces, from each of which xoogi broad flights of steps lead down totbal water's edge. These massive bir—dfr-rss—ran spoken of as tiie palaces of various Ma_a--*i rajahs, but tbe description ia eomew_atr misleading, as they are really hospices, for the entertainment of tbe crowds o^ pilgrims wbo come from the different! 1 states of India. Here tbey are lodged! t during their stay —which, however, is not i time of rest, as tbey bave to visit tha ) innumerable temples in order, and t* ' bathe first in particular wells and then ins the sacred river ittuAf, As everyone—-| even the poorest —hastomakeanofieringM ' and the more wealthy rajahs are con—' stantly sending splendid donations, thflf amount of money which is being pom—dc into the city must be simply enormous c and as railways are m-—ring pflgrimagea 1 from distant parts of tbe country moiati 1 and more feasible it seems __posr-blB4?1 say what it w3I come to unless? i some unexpected reaction of fe—Bng: takes place. But, imposing though tha general effect may be, it is utterly bar barous; some of the buildings are m ruins, others unfinished; between tha; finest palaces are wretchedshtirities, and then richly decorated spires of the little temples bave nothing of tbe elevating spirit of Gothic art. Here and there a great, umbrella marks tiie spot wbere soma speoi_t ceremony takes place, aod a few" littie structures form the shelters in which. the fakirs, after spending the day in tha interesting and useful occupation of think ing about nothing, pass tiie night. Tho great flights of steps are called ghats,a name with which I had already become familiar at Calcutta. It is indeed stz&ng;?, in tbe midst of aU these evidences of Hindoo worship, to see rising up the two lovely and graceful *mii-_,i^fa 0 f a Mohammedan mosaue. ' From __. architectural point of view tbey add _ charm to the view; and tbe history of tha most-ji-wisjmtereetii-g^lfc was boflt about Aorangzeeb—the last great Emperor of the Mogul Dynasty, who, instead of fol lowing the conciliatory policy of his pre decessors, made a determined effort to force Mohammedanism on an unwilling people. Thus he even seized and de _troyed a Hindoo temple which stood on -his site, and built a mosque to domineer ' over the temples of the religion he hated. We may denounce this as a piece of Oriental tyranny ; but after all, 60 years 3iave not elapsed since the French confis cated the great mosques of Algiers and Constantine to convert them into •cathedrals. We hired a boat, and were rowed up and down the river, so as to bave a full view of each palace _nd to watch the ceaseless stream of pilgrims passing to and fro. Troop after troop arrived, some having come even from distant Rajput— _, carrying with them their bedding and brass vessels for cooking, each little party on its arrival being met by a priest and conducted to the hospice where they were to lodge, -just as I have seen the pilgrims at Jerusalem from every country from i_imskatca to Spain met by their own clergy and conducted to the convent belonging to their various nations. Others, who had already spent 6ome days at the sacred city and worshipped at all the shrines, were on their way down to bathe in the river and wash away the sins of a lifetime or the ceremonial im- C'ty caused by their having unwarily :en their caste. For some time we paused to look at what is perhaps to an Englishman the strangest sight of all— the burning ghat. That extraordinary institution of caste not only interferes at every moment during tha lifetime of a Hindoo but even follows him after death. It is a sacred duty for the eldest son to see that the body of his father is duly burned and the ashes cast into the Ganges. The strict rules prescribe that the light for the funeral pyre must be obtained from a flame kept by the members of a particular caste, the Domra, who, though at other times despised, are regarded as essential for the due performance of the last rites over the dead. Formerly, as probably all are well aware, the widow used to cast herself alive on to the pyre, but that terrible ceremony has been pro hibited by the Government; the only point, it is said, in which the tolerant English bave interfered with the laws and customs of the Hindoos. Even that they did in a curious indirect manner; they eaid that the Hindoo law which ordered the widow to commit suicide remained law, no doubt, and might be obeyed, but that the British law which had now been introduced must be obeyed also, and ac cording to it everyone aiding and abetting was guilry of felony, and anust be hanged. As the Brahmins disliked such a prospect, the custom of suttee rapidly fell into disfavor, and is ;now long extinct, except (it is said) in a few of the native states, where it is still occasionally practised in secret. At present when a body is to be burned it is brought down to the river covered with a sheet, on a light bier made of bamboos. It is placed on a pile of wood ; more wood is then heaped upon it, and the pyre ie set light to; the ashes are afterwards cast *uito tbe river. If a sufficient supply of wood is used, and the body is completely (Consumed, it seems to me quite as reve xent a way of disposing of the dead as _epulture ; but those whose bodies I saw being burnt were poor; and, alas '. the story everywhere is the same. Even decency towards the departed depends on money; the sights I witnessed can only be compared to some of Dickens's descrip tions of a pauper funeral in England 50 years ago. Day and night, the whole year round, the sad processions can be seen wending their way down the steps that lead to the burning ghat. The death-rate at Benares is always high ; but then it must be recollected that wealthy Hindoos who feel that their end is approaching are brought to Benares so that their spirits may pass away beside the sacred river. But enough of this painful subject. I turned away from the ghat with relief tv look up once more at the splendid sight of the palaces, now lit up with the brilliant tints of the setting sun. "Match tne tins marvel save in Eastern clime, .A rose-red city half as old aa Time. The next afternoon we had a most charming drive along a shady road be tween fields of green corn to a place called Sarnath, about four mile* from the town. We had already be come so accustomed to the sight of the little shrines about the villages and fields (which are not unlike those one often set in Roman Catholic countries) that we hardly noticed them. The object of oui te_pedition was something of far deepei Interest. At Sarnath an immense round tower, 93 ft. in diameter •md 110 ft. in height, rises •above a mass of ruins all around. Il is impossible to say from a glance at the Jbuilding whether it is now falling tc jpieces or was never finished; bnt con sidering its history I suppose tbat the •former view is more likely. Near this «pot some five and twenty centuries ago, probably about the time when Jeremiah was pouring forth his pathetic lamenta tions over fallen Jerusalem, and Con fucius was enunciating his dull morality for the benefit of his Chinese followers, B^uta n ia, the Buddha, after his en lightenment under the 80-tree, first pegan to preach his new doctrines—tc _&_ men that the bodily austerities of the Brahmins were valueless, and that the jdist—actions of caste were to be for evei •abolished. This tower marks the place. -jTbese confused piles of ruins are all that yo—i-tin of a once magnificent monastery, *She era of Buddhism is past and gone at as India is concerned, and a more •corrupted form of Brannlinisni than any thing which Gautama saw is triumphant in the city he came to convert, and in which j*t one time his followers were to be counted by tens of thousands. It is, indeed, a spot to pause and meditate in. 3lbt far off is another mound similar tc that on which the monastery stood. Here jabk> is a tower, which we ascended foi £he sake of the view; but as it ie obviously modern, we did not stop tc examine it carefully. It is of Saracenic architecture, and bears an inscription is jCTrdu characters. We drove back to the City about sunset. The following morning we made Lfin early start, for we wished tc l^scend the minaret of the mosque oi A-urr—lgzeeb before the heat of the day had set in. The walk through the -narrow, twisting, crowded streets wae tiring, and the climb up the steep stair £_te of the minaret still more so ;,but the glorious view more than repaid us. Many of the larger houses on which we looked down have flat roofs, which form a pleasant contrast to the brown tiles; the river was silvery in the light of morning, and already thronged with crowds of pilgrims in quaint many colored robes on their way down to bathe; the bright green of the crops and the dark foliage of the orchards stretched far away on all sides until lost in mist that still hung over the distant plain. It was painful to bave to descend into the noise and smells and bustle of the streets, to be jostled first by a crowd of newly arrived pilgrims, and next by a funeral procession on its way to the river ; but there was much to be done, and our time was short. Benares has been from time immemorial famous for its brasswork; the beautifully-carved bowls and trays are as celebrated as those from Cairo or Damascus. We passed through the bazaars where tbey were being made, and admired the work greatly. I wonder that more is not sent to Australia. Our next visit was to Queen's College, ? fine Gothic building erected by the Govern ment, and (like all educational institu tions in India) crowded with students. There are two divisions, the English and the Sanskrit. The farmer had not com menced work for the day when we were there, but an examination for the Sanskrit scholars, conducted by one English and several native professors, was going on. The principal told me that they have about 500 students ; this certainly seems extraordinary when we recollect that Sanskrit, as a spoken language, has been dead for many centuries. Fancy 500 young Australians being willing to spend 10 years in the study of Greek. It can not be said that a course at the college opens a door to a very lucrative career ; for the salary of a pundit is meagre, and the profession overstocked. And yet the energy of the people of Benares in this direction is by no means limited to what is shown by this college ; there are in the city several private native schools in which Sanskrit is studied. Truly if Hiouen Thsang were to revisit tbe place to-day he might still say " The people esteem highly those who are devoted to a studious life." We then went on to see the college of the London Missionary Society, which, if a less imposing building tban the one we bad just left, is quite as interesting. There are about 300 boys and young men being educated here, their course of study beginning with the alphabet and going on until they take their degrees at the Allahabad University. This noble insti tution is conducted by 30 native teachers, under the superintendence of the Rev. John Hewlett, an able and experienced member of tbe London Missionary Society. I was unfortunate in not seeing Mr. Hewlett, but I have just been reading witb interest a paper he has published on missionary work at Benares. I have a great dislike to statistics, especially about missions, as they are always more or less misleading. But, taking statistics for what they are worth, it cannet be said that the various missions at Benares have been successful. There are seven ad herents of tbe Baptist Mission, 195 of tbe Church Mission, 70 of the London Mission, and 36 of the Wes leyan. (About the Roman Catholic missions I have not been able to learn.) These figures are certainly discouraging when the number of agencies at work is taken into consideration. Still it must be remembered that the work here is of exceptional difficulty; it is, in fact, be sieging the citadel with a mere handful of soldiers ; and whatever the causes may be—and Mr. Hewlett discusses them all with a calmness and fairness enough even to satisfy Mr. Huxley—l think I have already seen enough of their work to say that it is not from any want of energy or devotion on the part of the missionaries that greater success has not been ob tained. 