SCENE AT THE CHURCH CONGRESS. FATHER IGNATIUS DENIED A HEARING. THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE INTER POSES. [From our London Correspondent.] London, October 13. The effect of the Bishop of Adelaide's short speech, at the Church Congress last Friday on the yearning in the colonies for the reunion of the English- speaking people in the Church of God wag sadly marred by the sensational scenes which preceded it. People were think ing bo much of tbe beautiful ascetio face of F?tber lenatius, lit up with righteous wrath and tbe do-or-die determination of the martyr, that they had no ears for his colonial lordship. The Times Rives three lines to Dr. Kennicn'e remarks, t>ut moat of the dailits con tented themselves with the observation that he epoke. Church luminaries in congress are not, I gather, very different to the high priests at the time of our Saviour. Father Ignatius is a fanatic, but honest and true as the day. To him it seems a terrible thing that a clergyman like the Rev. Charles Gore (of Lux Muiidi tame), who haequestioned the inspiration of the Book of books, should still be allowed to teach and preach. For months past Mr. Lyne has been harangaing audiences ail over the country on the subject. I heard him at Westminster Town Hall a year ago. He was splendidly eloquent, but of course unconvincing Well, when Mr. Gore rose to epeab at the congress oa Friday Father Ignatius glided to the front and in a clarion voice protested 801-mnly in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The Bishop of Worcester, who presided, ignoring the eolemn invocation, testily ob served, "I can't let yon speak, sir." Father Ignatius then, in the midst of fiomo uproar, cried— *' He denies the truth. It is a denial of .leeua Christ! May Ispeakwhen he has done?' The chairman certainly seemed to say «■ Yep," bnt when Ignatius'a opportunity came there arose amongst Mr. Gere's friends a very mundane (not to say mean) attempt to bark him* Again, in the name of Christ, the Father de manded a. hearing, crying—" Am I to be blocked out?" The President—"l cannot allow yon to in terrupt tbe meeting-." (loud cries of " Hear, hear/ and "Yes, yes.") " No, I shall not I ahk the audience to respect the authority of the Church." The audience, which bad risen to its feet, cow resumed its seat and Father Ignatius was once more persuaded to be quiet. The Bishop of Adelaide was called upon a few minutes later, when there arose load cries of "Ignatius!" The President —" We must not turn this into a Home of Commons. This is a meeting to consider the rMinion of Christendom and not a meeting to allow the Rev. Ignatius Lyne to make an attack upon his brother churchmen and £ Bhall not permit it." Father Ignatius (excitedly)—" The bishop has misrepresented me. The bishop has told a faleehold." These exclamations again and again repeated created some uproar r.nd there were cries for the remoral oi tbe monk from the platform, on which for some time he had been seated. Several rev. gentlemen endeavored to persuade him to go away, but he declared that he would be removed only by the police. An inspeotor and sergeant of theoonstabularyapproachedand endeavored to get Father Ignatius to go out quietiy, but he continued obdurate, and they allowed him to remain in hisseaton promising, under protest, to interrupt no further. The Bishop of Worcester and Mr. Gore's friends do not come at all well out of this busi ness. His lordship's waspish manner and utter disregard of the solemn appeals made by Mr. Lyne in the holies* of names have shocked people a good deaL Then the summoning of the police and the demands of these lights of the Church that the brother whom it was inconvenient to hear should be thrown out. Since writing tbe foregoing I have obtained a report of Dr. Reunion's remarks. You will be glad, I am sure, to note that he displayed no sympathy with tbe burking of Father Ignatius aftor his solemn appeal to the congress in tbe name of Ohrist to hear him. The Bishop of Adelaide said he was very sorry, if be might say so, that hie lordship, tbe president, bad not seen it in bis power to ask the rev. gentleman who had just Bought to flpeik—(applause and dissent)—and he should be glad, so tar as he was personally concerned, to surrender any portion of the time which might be allowed to him. (No, po; and applause.) Speaking as a colonial bishop, he assured them that the difficulties which they experienced at home were accentuated in the colonies to a degree they could hardly have expected in a conntry where there was no Established Church, and the Church had not the help and assistance from endowments which the Church at home had. He spoke also because he happened to have been vecretary of the Lambeth Conference which dealt with the question of reunion, and whilst he was not going to let any cats out of the bag which some of those present would be pleased to hunt—(laughter)—thore was on the part of all those represented at the conference an earnest desire to seek for a basis of reunion with their Nonconformist brethren, which augured well for the success of any well-dc vised plans when it pleased God to allow them to be brought forward. (Loud applause.) It struck him thatjthere was every encouragement in the schemes which bad been brought forward, bnt there was every reason why they should not burry the movement. There was a growing belief in the corporeity of the Church, and as that feeling crew individualism would die out and men would be more anxious to find their plaoe in the kingdom of God, of which his church was the representative to them. Another cause for hopefulness was the publica tion recently of Bishop Lightfootfs book, show ing the solid ground upon which the episcopate rested as the historical episcopate of the Church. Other Australian speakers at the congress were the Bishop of Brisbane and Sir Arthur Hodgson, who gave addresses on the snbject of "The Anglican Communion." Bishop Webber addressed himself to the "Ohnrch of England in relation to the colonial Church," and pointed out that the report of the Lambeth ISSS Con ference rscogniued the responsibility whioh tbe Church owes to the English-speaking races in the colonies. Owing to the lack of educational machinery for training clergy in the Australian colonies we have to rely, the bishop stated, upon the home Church and the Universities for the supply, and able men should be invited to volunteer for a term of work in tim colonies. The bishop alluded to hi* special mission here and to the system of State education prevail ing in Australia. Sir Arthur Hodgson in his speech referred to the bishops and clergy with whom he bad been associated during his experiences in Aus tralia, He mentioned three or four bishops whose names have become historical in both hemispheres. Selwyn, first Bishop of New Zealand, figured as a membra of the church militaut by thrashing a surly Charon of a punt man, who was grossly impertinent and refused to ferry him over a river. Two bishops, on one oscasion, were on board a small coaster on a lee shore in a gale of wind off that stormy coast. The captain was asked if there was any danger. "Danger," said the rough skipper, "why if this wind only stands in another hour or two we shall all be in heaven." "God forbid !** war the involuntary exclamation. (Laughter.) Sir Arthur also mentioned Dr. William Tyrrell, Bishop Pas tesou, and Dr. Thornhill Webber, and then said, while thankful for the rapid progress and ] development of the Church of England, he| mus« be permitted, as an old colonist, to allude to the great benefits conferred by the Roman Catholics and the missionaries. Having made j ten voyages to and from Australia, by every; possible route, ne had been a close observer ofj tbe self-denying and successful efforts of the; Wesleyan missionary in evangelising the heathen population in the islands of the Southern Ocean. 