STAGE SCENES UNRE HEARSED. Ix a recent Truth competition some very amusing answers were sent in upon the unrehearsed incidents of the stage. Among the most, laughable were the following : < The well-known nctor, John Ityder, who could reckon among his pupils some of the foremost performers on the stage, was a Margate man, and always sure of a good house when he played there. < One evening he was performing Hamlet at the Margate Theatre, when it was dis covered that for the grave-digging scene there was no skull among the properties taken down. In desperation Ryder sent down to a chemist's hard by, in whose shop window he had observed a skull while walk ing in the town in the daytime. His mes senger was successful, and returned with the article. Ryder took it upon the stage and began, "I knew him, Horatio, a fellow of infinite jest." - Just as he readied the footlights he unfortunately touched a spring in the skull, which thereupon began to open and close its jaws in a most appalling manner. All Ryder's efforts to stop the mechanism were unavailing, aud, to the amusement of the audience, after endeavouring in vain to go on with his speech, he dashed the skull down in a rage and left the stage Some men entrusted to represent the waves in a tempest had been engaged in a provincial theatre at the rate of Is. per night. They were reduced to 6d. Tlie waves immediately held a meeting, at which it was decided that all the sea should be on strike. Consequently, the same evening, whilst counterfeit lightning was raging on» the stage, and the false thunder resounded at its loudest behind the scenes, the ocean, to the stupefaction of all, remained calm: and smooth like a carpet. 1 ha prompter,, out of his wits, raised a cornerof the raver,, and ordered the waves to da their duty;. "Waves at sixpence or a shiTIing?"' asked a voice which came- front tlie bottoim of tho abyss. - - ... - - " At a shilling !" ic plied the pccnnpttEr„ who had no other alternative. A«sucm fsai the magic word had been pronouiroeil tflfae sea moved in good earnest, as. ££' it FimtE Enast tossed by a true tempest The following took place at an ffimrfiwnr performance of Hamlet . 1'rc tlie ticsft sacfc Hamlet, in alluding to the Ghost, aaibs Horatio, "Htay'd it long 1 and Horatio replies, " As one with moderate: haste might tell a hundred." Maccellirs then should say, 41 Longer, longer I " bui uot doing so, the prompter whispered. eci -auger, longer, lonyer, longer!" whereupon <.l:o young Horatio rose to the emergency, and exclaimed. " Well, say, perhaps, two hundred.' In the provinces many years ago, Jlom'o and JulietWiis being acted, and owing (o ill ness the part of the lover was taken by someone not belonging to the company. In the garden scene wiien Jiiiiofc says, " O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art Miou Uoiuooi" he answered : " 'Cos t'other chap's sick.' Drama, The Armult.. Scene, tho Inquisitors' Chambei (Act II.). Grand Inquisitor (sitting in state close to wings) proceeds to give judgment on Syb'J, an English maiden. Says the G. I. - " Yon have transgressed the laws of our land, and we find you guilty of a crime that can only be expiated bv death. The law of our " The sentence was nob finished, for the platform upon which the state chair was fixed gave way, sending the astonished G.I., with his right and left hand sup porters, backwards into the wings, and irom thesight. of the audience. The contre temps sent the house into convulsions, for it was one of those scenes where an audience is carried away by the solemn nature of the proceedings. The above took place last May at the Standard Theatre, Shoreditch, when Mr. Henry Nevill and his company performed there. - — — — Not very long ago a small provincial company find the temerity to attempt Uacbelh. There was a good deal of merri ment, but all went fairly well until Act V., Scene 5, when the man who had bo take t ho small part of the Messenger was suddenly taken ill, and a poor frightened stage- carpenter was ordered to take his place. Enter Messenger : " . . . . I looked towards Birnam, and anon metliought the wood began to move." Macbeth (who wjis boas of the show in every sense) : " Liar and slave Messenger (too terrified to remember his part) : " Well, eir, they told me to say so, s'elp me !" Scene, a small country town, theatre extemporised in Town Hall— "Miss do Mont-fort," as Juliet, has just swallowed the poison and thrown herself on the bed, when from among Lhe audience rushes a woman (well-known in the place) with a baby in her arms, and exclaims to Juliet : "Here, Mrs. Johnstone, you'll have to take your baby, I can't keep it quiet no longer !" 