BETWEEN DRINKS. Some girla who look sweet are merely sugar-coated. » « . What the country has never seen, and nover will see, is a lien lay a wager. » » Stomach-ache and marriage arc the world's twogreatest mean3 of doubling people up. » A man never turns to the church for comfort so loBg as there is any thing else within reaoh. Since the blaze boom in Sydney a certain society woman always keeps a very handsome nightgown on a chair besido the bed to wear in case of liie. In Turkey the Sultan's harem costs £3,000,000 yearly, and the number of women inside never falls below three hundred. And it is quite easy to turn Turk. Tboro lived a poot in oldon timoa Who lorod a Star. Bat ho loved in vain. For it took much more than ho oarnt with rhymes To pay what it oost for tho Star's cham- pagno. » - At Port Darwin tho European wife of a Chinese resident has presented her loving- spouse with a pledge of . affection in the form of two almond- j eyed boys and a girl. The atmos phere of that sinful city is now nightly shattered by the curses of a disheartened chow who sleeps in tho . back yard and has to wash his own socks. "I suppose you don't believe in courtship ?" said a shareholder laugh ingly to a director of the gas company. "Why# not?" asked the latter. " Because lovers always turn the gas down, yon know. Ha! ha! ha!" "Oh, that makes no difference,", said the director.. "Tho meter gets in its work all the same." . . "Why," said our own Tottie, to her friend, " you don't mean that you bought those lovely tan Bhoes for ton and six ? How did you man age to get them so cheap ?" " Wqll," replied Flossie, "it was this way. I went into a shop in George-stroet, and a nice quiet young man came to fit me. I selected these, ' and when he started to try them ne got so mixed up that he couldn't read the price mark." # stolen jot. That giddy little yellow bow She ooyly wears below tho kneo— She surely never meant to show That giddy little yellow bow. 'T would quickly vanish did sh,e know. With what intense delight I see That giddy little yellow bow, Sbo ooyly wears below the knee. # «. Mrs. Potts Point : " What did Jaok say about that stockin full of Turkish delight you received from yonr eccentric uncle?" Miss Potts Point (bluBhingly) : " He said — he said — he didn't much care, for that kind of sweets, and that he thought I could fill it with some thing he'd like a great deal better." Mrs. Potts Point: "Oh ! the horrid man ! And you, my dear, what did you say ?" \- Miss Potts Point (smartly) : "I ? Oh, I quite crushed him. I said : ' Well, I think a calf would bo tho uroDer thing to put in it for you." How hard it would bo for a great man who is dead to come to life again and live up to his' obituary notices. . « , ..<i> ' a . Many a young fellow has a great future ahead of him. Tho diffi culty is that it persists in keeping there. © i Ho kissed hor on bor ruby lips, 'Twas his usual ovoning greoting j Tho vordict : Acoidontal doath, Sbo bad boon onion eating. Occasionally you will meet a man who seems to think just as you do. What clever ideas he has, and what a pity he is bo scaroo ! « The man who asked his girl to . have him, finds he was taken at his word. She has been "having" him ever since ho married her. A prominent membor of the pre sent Parliament feels so confident of losing his seat and its accompanying £300 a year at the next election that he has taken to economising — ho now has water in his whisky. Said Justico Windeyer in the Divorce Court on Tuesday: "It'.sa stx-ange thing deserted wives never seem to kno w when they wexe mar ried !" The woman who doesn't know when silo is iihu-ried is something quite new to us. # Ho blushed o-fiory rod, Hur hoart wont pit-a-pat,. Sbo guutly bung ber bond. And looked down on tbo mat. Ilo troinblod in bis spoocb, lie roso from whero bo sat. And shouted with a sorooob : " You'ro sitting on my hat !" Two burglars broke into the resi dence of a couple of maiden ladies at Summei-hill, but roceiving a severe handling from tho virgins in question, were glad to clear away and leave their implements, which we are in formed have been handed over to the police for ideutification. .. « # # Little Johnny: "I'd. a good deal rather have you calling on sister than Mr. Kicefello." Sister's Admirer (delighted) : " Would you ? Why ?" Little Johnny : " 'Cause whonever Mr. Nicefello calls she stuffs up the keyhole." « « Said Gus Da Pott3 Point : " I wonder how the Lyceum manager contrived to get such, a well-huilt lot of lovely lower limbs for his ballet ? " Replied Chawlie Eitz Manly beach: " Oh, he's a long-headed chap. He chose days when there was a high wind on, aud went down the town to see what was to be seen." » » » wiiat ue would do. " What would you do if tbo light went out — Ob, what would yon do ?" said she. " I'd grab you quick," aaid tbo'lover bold, " Aud bold you on my knbo." " But what would you do if my pa came in— Ob, what would you do ?" said. she. . " Why, if the light woro out," said ber lover bold, " Your papa couldn't seo." " But supposo my pa should strike a match, Thou what would you do ?" said she. " Well, in snub a ease as that," said he, " I'd drop you quick aud ilea." . . . Hard-faced woman to Domain Josser : " Go away ! I give nothing to loafers." Josser (wiping away a tear) ; "Ah, ' lady ! I once had a wife as good-look ing as you are, but— " . Hard-faced "Woman (affected) : "Go round to the kitchen, poor fellow, "and while you eat your Bupper I'll listen to your sad story." 9 Delroy-Bro'wn : " Ton would never think- what a queer child our little . Willie is j he likes none of us as well as the lodger." Simkins (slightly deaf) : " Like no one else but the lodger. You can well Bay that. All the neighbors - have been remarking that the resem blance between the two is simply wonderful." There is now a coolness between Brown and his lodger cold enough to be shattered with an ice-pick. Tho Beak: "Who was present when de fondant- knocked you down? ' The plaintiff : " I was." Ti - . -.a: -- Sho : "It is no sign, because a girl is engaged., to a man, thafcsho.is will ing to marry him." He : " Ho ; but it is a sign that tho man is willing to run the chances." ' » Tho idea of teaching every girl to . thump a piano, and every boy to be a book-keeper, will make potatoes in New South Walps £20 a ton in a few. years. A noiseless roller-skate has boon . invented. There is probably no do- vico that will make noiseless the man who nses such skates the first time, and sits down on the back of his head with his log3 shooting heavenward. Nothing but doath. » "I understand that Blithers com pletely carried away his audience last night at tho ward inciting." " Yes. He invited them across tho street to have a drink." '# Tbo girl ivho delights to ilirt Doo.sn't oaro if ber sport does hurt Aud cud iu au awful row. Iioart-brcaUing with her is a fad, But sbo isn't ouo-half so bad As tbo girl who doesn't know bow. Tbo girl who delights to flirt By prautico gets quite expert, And sb-i's not to bo snco/.ed at now 1 But nobody cares to watch I That must inartistic hutch, The girl who doesn't know bow ! So hero's to tbo girl who can flirt, Quick, witty, naive aud port ; To bor ptoasuro all men must bow, Aud'boro's hoping it isn't too lata — For soma ono to eduaato Tbo girl who doosu't know bow. e » Tho Pxodigal : " Isu'fc that tho same suit you had last yoar ?" Tho Rooster: "Tes; and its tho same suit that you had asked me last year if it wasn't the sauxo suit that I had the year before." m "That play of Utting's have any kind oc a ruu ?" queried the Old 'Un. "I should Bay so," replied the Owl, " Company beat the audieuca to the town limits by just 10ft the second place they tried it." Exeo Selector : " What are you putting a barb wire fence around your run for ? Isn't it awful expen sive ?" Squatah : " Yes, the fence costs a heap o' money, but the men don't fool away time sittiug on it." # # # Mrs. Manly Beach : " How do you do, my dear ? Been shopping ?" Mrs. Gleb8 Point: " No, looking for a new maid. I can't find one ot the right kind." " What kind do you want ?" "One that will elope with my hus band." # in exaislb. " Aislo go my way," said Lottio Laislo " Aud you go yours, Eugouo Dunfaislo j My mother says you havo no staislo, Nor cash enough to make a paislo. I shall not marry yot awhile Unless Icapturo Count Argaislo.:' Crushed by-theso words, Engono Dunfaislo, Throwing asido his footman's taislo, Rosolvod upon a long oxaislo ; So bo betook him to tbo Ntiislo. Tho years bavo passod and Lottio Laislo Has failod to oapturo Count ArgaiBlo. . But what of young Eugouo Dunfaislo ? \- He has not thought of Lottio Laislo, Nor yet of staislo or money paislo, For, walking ono day on tbo Naisle, Ho slipped into tho wator raisle, Aud fod a good fat orockadaislo. « m Three tailors — an Englishman, Welshman, and Irishman — were bragging of their attainments in their particular line of business. Said the Englishman : " Why, if a man happened to bo walking on the other side of tho street I could take his .measure at a glance.". Remarked Taffy : " That's noth ing. If I was only to see the tip of his shoulter coming roundt the cor ner I oonld measure him, look you." Pat: "Och, by theVargin! Bhow us the corner ho wint round, -and Oi'd fit 'urn.. Pasted up behind tho-sccaos atone of tho Melbourne theatres is a list of rales of action in case of a performer's clothes taking fire. Ono q£ thpm is " to keep as cool as possible." . . , ' . Tho Boss : "Women of that' sort usually end badly." The Ro'o3ter : " She doesn't, I assure you. rpome and see hor in the ballet if yoll1 elbn'b believe me." el. j.- # # m "I dbfc'A-'upon oak3," said tbo languishing maid, " So.noblo, so stately, though few. " Toll. 'mo now, Mr. Jones, what's your fav'rito troe?" Aud bo tenderly an3wored bor, " Yow." . An American doctor says that a woman ahonld sleep nine hours at night, and one hour during tho day. A lot of women in this country sleop nine hoars in tho day, and ono at night. « # # Tottie: " Thero's tho young mid who wrote tho sonnet on " The Sum mer Girl's Legs." Flossie (indignautly): " Well, I'd" like to see him write one on mine." > Tub Present. op Man. Man's brief and bootless jouruoyiug adown this valo of tours Reminds mo of tho numorals wo lcarued iu childhood's yoars ; For Ho starts out filled with confidence, tbo racd already 1, At loost to him it sooms 2 bp, though roally scaroo bogun ; With 3-sounding spoocb aud daring daod ho tries his name to scoro In boldor, brighter blazonry than over man bo-4 ; Yot soon, if 5 misjudged him not, nor ostiuato him wrong, Ilis world-G soul reminds him that this life is not for long. Ilis 7-ly prospects seem to bim in quite a shaky state, And" as ho ponders o'er bis ways bo growobh loss ol-8, Aud satur-9 becomes, and sad, concludes his day his past, Givos up his breath, and oko tho ghost, aud coinos to 0 at lust. According to an old superstition. of the mediaeval Church, whenever a cock crows a lie is being told. The reason that cocks crow so persis tently in the early morning is that tho morning papers are beiug printed. # A temperance advocate asks : " Is ' liquor depressing ?" It is. The very thoughts of it makes us sad when we have a thixyt like a fur nace, aud cannot fiud anyone with sufficient confidence in us to load the - price of a drink. Ono. of tho allegations against a Balmain man sued for divorce is that he used to take his wife's only set of false teeth with him to his office every morning and keep thorn there till he returned at night. # » Proud man ba3 caught tho ocbo that Has vainly sought to stray ; And bo's been known to catch his bat Upon a wiudy day. IIo's caught tbo vory winds that blow ' Across tho bouuding main ; And ho lias oatight throe times or so, The early morning train. IIo's caught tbo vivid lightning's flash, And trained its liquid life ; And bo lias caught — ob, action rash ! — A Tartar for a wife. Though bo can catch this mighty batch Of elomonts once free— Ho cannot, cannot, cannot catch The over joyful flea ! It is said that the Shah of Persia has the finest collection of agates iu the world, among which are two weighing 8ez and 7ioz respectively. T/xe poor Shah needs them when we come to consider the size of his establishment, and the number of his. slaves. Rounds : " What do you go to those spiritualistic seances for at £5 a night ?" Pounds : , " So 1 can talk to my poor dead wife." Rounds (a little hard, up) :' " Say, I've got a live one you can go up and talk to death for £2 if you want to !'' N # # " There," said Rumsoy, pointing to a fellow pedestrian, " there is a philanthropist, a humanitarian. That man never gets his hair out on Satur day." " That's so ?' asked Dumsey. " Yes," continued Ramsey, " he's as bald as a billiard ball." 