A FASHIONABLE ENTERTAINMENT. By Iris. A most successful ontortainment consisting of tableaux vivants and concert was given in aid of tho funds of tho Women's Hospital in tho now Town Hall, Pfahran, on Saturday evoning, 3rd June. Tho tabloaux, whioh woro extremely woll earned out, were , under the dlrootion of Lady Madden, Lady Clarko, Mrs. A'Bookott, Mrs. Jaooby, Mrs. Torrance, Miss Madden, Bins Hogg and Bliss Ingram. In tho first tabloau, Tho King's. Daughter, arranged by Lady Bfadden, tho following ladies took part : Bfrs. J. Blasters, Blisses Burt, Sylvia Bfadden, G. Jones, 0. O Loghlen, Bf. Ourrio, D. Carrington, L. Wilkio, T. Palmer, G. Bartrop and Bf. Hender son. Tho next two numbers on tho programmo wore, Tho River's Blossngo, sung by Bliss Daisy Bladdon, and Venetian Boat Song, by BIr. Hnnoook. Then followed Bfrs. A'Bcekett's IBDHIi firLlflf.lPlvllv fl WO H noil lalklnat. of IIU. a IB!.. Foolish Virgins, who woro represented by tho Blisses Williams, E. Fitzgerald, Bliohie, E, A'Beckett and D. A'Bcckctt. During this tableau Bliss Rowo sang Too Lato. Blademoisolle Dreyfus sang Tho Floral Girl, and Bfr. Bias- cheek contributed a comical recitation o£ Tho After Dinner Speech, for whioh lie was oncored. Tiio next tableau was A Winter's Tale, under the direction of Bfrs. Jacoby, mayoress of St. Kilda. The characters wero personated by tho Blossrs. Jacoby, Wheeler, Herman, Horwitz and Simonsen, and tho BIcssrs. A. W., and H. R. Jaooby. Bfrs,' Aronson sang Bfa Voisino and BIr. 0. Miles oxpcndod much energy on a topical song, Oh, What an Alteration. Miss Bladdon 's tableau of Tho Danoing Lesson was prettily arranged' and woll carried out by tho Blisses Shields, Fitzgerald, Stnugliton, Hender son, L. Madden, BL Maddon, N. Madden and BI. and N. Henderson. Mrs. Palmer, who was greeted with much applause, sang Tosti's Good bye in hor usual finished manner, and Dr. O'Hara's Bong, Simon tho Cellarer was mueh enjoyed by tho audionao. Lady Clarke's tableau of Yonth at the Prow and Plensuro at tho Helm was a great success, the wreaths of flowora and groups of protty girls boing most pleasing nnd effootive. Thoso taking part were tho Blissos Vera Clarke, G. Hay, 0. O'Loghlen, L. Box, E. Wiilinms, E. Olarke, E. Shields, G. Snodgross, Gray, Stovenson, Currie and Carring ton. Horr Plook's band playod soft musio during tho intorrnl, -and thon tho ourtain rose on tho quaint old fashioned tableau, Tho Latest Bit of Scandal. It was arranged by BIrs. Torranoe, and the characters personated by tho Misses Fondor and Daisy Bladdon, Blossrs. C. Gaunt, T. Parves, jun.; Olayton, Nivcto nnd W. Godfrey, BIr. R. H. Plimpton whistled Lo Sifiieur in the mast finished style, for whioh he got raaoh applause, and lmd to give an encore. Bfr. Innes Need's recitation of Tho Signalman was rendered in oxcollont stylo. Tho swoet little pioturo Do Trop was vory prottily carried out by Blisses R. Madden, S. Bladdon, N. Wilkio, Blossrs. F. Palmer and H. Box, and was much appreciated oy mo auuicnce. xuo next cnrco numbers wero Kathlcon Mavourncon, by Bliss Hnncook ; violin solointermszzo, from Cavalleria Rusticann,by Miss Lewis; and Le Nom do Marie, by Mrs. Riddell Stanley. The second last tableau was Statuary, earried out by Misses Boyd, Hogg, A. Anderson, BI. Anderson, N. Ingrain, G. Ingram, T. Turnbull and L. Smith. BIr. Blasoheok's reoitation of Tommy on Ghosts was very funny ; and was followed by a cumio song by BIr. D. Milos, Quito English, You Know ; Charity, by Piusuti, was beautifully sung by BIrs. Palmer; nnd tho programmo elosod witii a very effeotivo tableau Faith, Hope, Charity, personated by Blisses Mary Clarke, Fitzgerald and Shiolds. BIrs. Pauli Carter was the accompanist, and discharged her arduous duties in the most efficient manner. Tho hall was filled to overflowing, not oven standing room was available, and many pooplo had to lio turned away from tho doors, while tho walls' wore linod with' pooplo obliged to stand tho wholo evoning. His Excollency tho ; Govornor and tho Gountcss of Hopetoun nrrivod punotualiy at 8 o'olook, nnd wero accom- panied by Blajor Sebright, Captain Wellington, Prince Liohtenstcin and' Mr. Tnlfnoll. They were rcooiYcd by tho - Chief Justiao, Sir John Bfadden, and many pooplo took the opportunity' of congratulating his Honor on his new titlo of knighthood, which ho had re ceived only that afternoon. A few rows of souts in tho vice-rogal oirelcs woro rosorvod, and amongst thoso in tho rcsorve woro Sir John Bladdon, Sir William and Lady Olarke, Lady O'Loghlon.nnd Bliss ElIa .O'Loghlon, Sir Honry and Lady Wrixon, the Bfayor of Melbourne and BIrs. Snowdcn, Bliss. Olarko, Miss Snodgross, Miss Ryan, Bliss Hay (Adolaido), Mrs. Holroyd, BIrs. O'HaraWood, Captain nnd Mrs. Polham, Mrs. Stephen, tho mayor of Prahrnn and Bfrs. Skinner, BIrs. Hartley Williams, BIr. Hubert Pearson, Commander and Mrs. Hancoak, soveral ofiloers off the Australian ship Saido, Mrs. Alox. Landaie, Baron Huybers. Among the well known people in . tho liall were also BIrs. Albort Bliller, Bliss Tully, BIr. Bliller, Mrs. Nioholas Fitzgerald, Bliss Groig, tho Missos Oolin Simson, Bliss Officer, Mrs. Hammans, Mr. Edward Fitzgerald, ' Miss Wagner, MisB Bl'Oulloob, Dr. Finch Noyes, BIr. A. G. Bright, Mr. O. Armytage, Bliss Mein, Mr. Bloin, BIrs. Shiels, tho Blissos Fitzgerald, BIr. and Mrs, Frank Stophoh, Bits. Reid; Bliss Goraldino Rcid, the Misses Bartrop, the Blisses Thornley, BIr. Oarnndinl, Miss Nowbigin, BIrs. .. Hogg, Bliss Box, tho Missos Armstrong, BIrs. and .Bliss ..Orr, tho Misses Groeuo, BIrs. hud tho Blisses Templeton, BIrs. Jones,' BIrs. and ' Miss Ouniming, BIrs. Bal- . combe, Bfrs/ O'Hara, BIrs. and Miss A'Beokott, Birs." Staugh ton, ; Mrs. . ' Fraiik,; Bladdon; tho IBIissos 'Hanoook,- BIrs.< and -Miss Fennor, ' BIr.' aud Blri' 'John Gurnor, tho- Misses Stovenson,. Liou't'onant Christian,' BIr. 0. Gaunt,; tho BIiasea WardiOolo, . Mrv. Greig, ' Mr. A'Bf okett, BIr. Oiiomfey, : Bladainq do '..Fhgoly, tli'o MiBses Bloloswortii, BIr. and BIrs. Buokloy,; Bliss Pohl- niani:BIr.'-Boyd, several offioors , of the Spanish ship Nautilus, Mr. Webb' Wn'ro," Mnii'Ibbotson, Birs.'T. Prtoc,.'BIr.. and /Mrs. ,' Septimus Bliller, Mrs. Koats, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Fanning, Mrs. Cosmo Nowbory, Bliss Newbery, BIrs. and Bliss Dcnham, Horr Beano Sohcrok, BIr.' H. Bladdon, tho Blossrs. Templeton, BIr, nnd BIrs. John Young, tho Rov. Stanloy Low, BIrs. and Bliss Low, Mrs. nnd Blion Vaughan, BIr. and BIrs. Tom Holland othors. 