PARLIAMENT AT WORK. THE FIRST BILL PASSED. CIVIL SERVICE RETRENCHMENT. The sun shone through the windows of the Assembly Chamber on Tuesday after-<*> noon when the Speaker took the chair, but this did not have much influence in brightening the proceedings, while at tunes, and especially when the Supply Bill was under discussion, there seemed to be a considerable amount of darkness in the brains of honorable members. Ministers were all early in their places, as was also Sir John Downer. Mr. Grainger, Mr. Moule, and Mr- Solomon, too, who all appear anxious to be considered leaders of the Opposition, were punctual in their attendance end most active in their criticisms daring the afternoon. The general public did not take much interest in the doings of the House, although the "ghosts of deceased jurymen" again gathered in the space above the clock, while there were a few visitors in the Speaker's galleries. The first question was put by Mr. Grainger, and it had reference to the cable in She Advertiser stating that the Australian Auxiliary Souad* ron was likely to be detached for eervios in Siam. He wished to know if the Premier had heard anything officially about the matter. Mr. Kingston answered in the negative, and playfully pointed out that the information came through America. This roused the Republican eoul of the gentleman who com bines in bis own proper person the important functions of Government Whip and member for the United States, and he asked whether the message did not originally come from London. "Oh, well," eaid the Premier, "it had something American about it." Mr. Brooker elicited that last fin«iwin.l year the deficiency on the Estimates was £173,431, while the excesses on votes were £21,770, so that the total leeway was £201,200. The Trea surer coined a new word when he told Mr. Caldwell that there was a high "prohibit ative" duty on fruit; but Mr. Gillen kept to the conventional path when, being asked an awkward question concerning the Mining Bill, he required Mr. Grainger to give notice. Before the business of the day was called on Mr. McPherson ro?eto rcakea personal explanation in respect to the bond entered into for the dne completion of the contract entered into with the railway department by Messrs. Douglas and Gatley. Mr, Solomon called the attention of the Speaker to the fact that he had a question on the notice paper relating to the eatne Bubject, but it was ruled that Mr. McPhereon might proceed unless somebody objected, and as no one took this extreme course the member for East Adelaide con tinued that be had consulted the Railway Com missioners before signing the bond, and that he was informed that he was doing nothing that had not been done before, that he was asking no favor, and putting himself under no obliga tion. He was also assured that the tenderers were receiving no undue advantage. All these statements were punctuated with cheers. Sir John Downer accepted the assurauoa that Mr. MoPherson had acted in good faith, and with no desire to do harm or to create a precedent, while he was sure the House was of the same opinion. Here there was affirmative applause. Still he thought all would agree that each a course should not to taken "p"* 1- Later on, in replying to a. question on the notice-paper the Commissioner oE Public Works Baid in deciding that no bonds should be accepted in the fnture the Government had reversed the previous practioa Mr. Archibald gave notice that he will ask to-day whether the Hon. J. L. Stirling and the Hon A. M. Simpson have not in the past been accepted as bondsmen for the due performance of certain contracts. Before the Supply Bill was reached Mr. Poynton complained that his name had been omitted from the division-list on the second reading of the Butter Bonus Bill last Thursday, although he was present and voted with the " Ayes." The Speaker informed the House that thejname was given in "Votes and Proceedings," but this statement proved to be inaccurate. The clerk of the House informs ua that "Mr Poynton's name did not appear in the official list reported by the tellers on the second reading! of the Butter Bonus Bill on Thursday last." It appears that Dr. Cockbnm did not notice the member for Flinders, who was hidden behind a pillar, and as the counting was done very hurriedly because of the nearness to the adjournment hour, bis name~waa left out altogether. How ever, Mr. Poynton has now secured greater attention to the fc'.de be took on the matter re ferred to than if the omission had not occurred. Before the House adjourned the Speaker, who is always studiously fair, explained that Mr. Poynton'e name did not appear on the official list of the division, and that the "Hansard" reporters were not to blame. The omission was inadvertent, he said, and he would ccc that it was rectified. By message the Legislative Council announced its agreement with the Bill im posing light dues in the Northern Territory, which has thus the distinction of being the first {measure to get safely through the four teenth Parliament. Just before half-past 2 Mr. Playford stepped out into the open space at the end of the Ministerial benoh in {order to nave freer eoope to move the I second reading of the Supply Bill for £400,000 for the quarter ending in September. It was the intention of the Government, he said, in their reductions to treat officers on the pro. and tern, staff and those on the fixed list exactly alike. " They are not on the same footing," eaid Mr. Haodyside, the reply being " They are all on theeame footing as eervantsof the public." Mr. Playford went on to say that there were only 6SI officers on the fixed list, while more than 3,000 were on the pro. and tern, staff." " You are making a bad excuse," commented Mr. Handy side; "It is absolute repudiation," added Mr. Solomon; and "You are doubly reducing them by taking away their increasee," con tinued Mr. Castine. "We are doing nothing of the sort," said Mr. Playford, answering the last interjection only, and he continued that to- morrow he will bring down a Bill dealing with the whole question, so that the Legislative Council may deal with, it. The whole savings on the Estimates of the Downer Government were £75,000, to which £20,000 had been added, including £15,000 for main roads. _ The reduction in Civil Service salaries and increases will amount to £12,000, while allowances to the extent of £1,600 will also be out off. Mr. Solomon, although die avowing any desire to embarrass the Govern ment, objected that the stoppage of increases would seriously affect men with email salaries. Mr. Grainger protested against the introduction of debatable matters of prin ciple into a Supply Bill, as the Honsa should be untrammelled in its consideration. Mr. Ash and Mr. Caldwell took substantially the same view, while Mr. Poynton also confessed that be did not under stand what the Government were attempting to do. The Premier eaid evidently a number of members were in the dark, and he was quite willing to explain for the benefit of those who desire enlightenment. The salaries could not bo paid without a Supply Bill, and the Go vernment did not wish Civil servants to draw more than the amount to which it was pro posed to reduce them till the House had decided on the suggested retrenchments. A Bill relating to public salaries would be intro dnced on Thursday. ""Why not introduce it first?" asked Mr. Castine, the reply being that it would lie brought down at the earliest possible date, but the clause in the Supply Bill would avoid the necessity of asking Civil servants for a recoup. Mr. McPhereon asiced whether exemption from the lo=s of increases would be made in the case of officers getting lens than £150 a year, and the Treasurer answered in the negative. Mr. Moule objected to the action of the Govern ment, butSMr. Burgoyne, although agreeing that "an extreme and unwarrantable course" was being taken, promised to vote for the second readme. Mr. Homburg said in com mittee he would seek to amend the Bill so as to make it apply to all public salaries, and after Messrs. Butler and McDonald had spoken, the eecond reading was carried, after a debate which had lasted for eighty minutes. Tn committee the first clause which dosln with the "iesne and application of £400,000" was passed without comment, but the Eeoond clause, the side line of which is "'Pay ments not to exceed laati year's Estimates." capped a lot of talk. After a few minutes' discussion Mr. Ash moved to insert "except co far as such rates are modified by the Civil Service Act of 1874." At .times the debate grew very warm. For instance, Mr. Downer pointed out that in 1886 the Attorney- General and the Treasurer had adopted a dif ferent course to that of to-day, and said he didn't know how long it took them to change their mind?. " There are a good many tbinps you don't know," said the Attorney-General wnificantly. Just afterwards Mr. Moule accused the Treasurer of losing his temper,, while Mr. Grainger severely blamed the Go-1 vemmeut for takine such an extraordinary j course to save a paltry £230. The Premiwr considered that it would be unfair to reduce one class of officers while others wera receiving increases, while in reply to a question from Mr. Hague, lie paid he hoped the Civil servants would be restored to their normal position next year. " They won't, thoucb," Eaid Mr. Moule; while another member a?ked, " Suppose yon can't do it." "Then we won't," was the decisive reply. Thee, turning on Sir. Downer, the head of the ijovernment went on to pay thaT; from the height of iinmaculatenpst;£ome members looked down upon any alterations of opinion on the part of others, Btill it so happened that in 18S6 Sir. Downer had taken an exactly opposite) course to that adopted by him that day. "People in glass houses," paid Mr. Castine, "should not throw stjnes." "Then you had better get rid of yonr little catapult, 1 ' was the retort of the Premier; and the member for Wooroora re minded Mr. Kingston that David had elain Goliath with the instrument named, and that he wag ready, as the little David of the last Ministry, to have a shot at the Goliath now in office if circumstances rendered it necessary. Laughter and cheers greeted this announce ment. Mr. Castine went on to charge tbe Government with inconsistency. He said when the Premier came down with a blooming rose in his buttonhole to announce the policy he promised that Civil servants receiving less than £150 should not be touched, and yet now he proposed to take away their increases. Me Burgoyne hereupon moved as an amendment that the clause should not affect salaries now under £120 a year. Mr. Grainger asked that the amendment should be withdrawn, and offered to assist in suspending the standing orders and to sit all night if the Government would at once bring in the Bill they had promised deal ing with the whole question. Just about here a hot wind arose. Mr. Kineeton made a plea that the deductions should be authorised at the outset in the Supply Bill, and Mr. Moule protested on behalf of the Legislative Council against an alteration of policy being included in such a measure. He began, "I do not do so from party issues;" bnt was interrupted by a very loud "Ahem!" and Mr. MoPherson said " You don't mean that." To this Mr. Moule answered loftily that when the honorable member for J£ast Adelaide had been a little longer in the House he would recognise that a matter of principle was involved in a debate of this kind. Mr. McPhereon laughed scornfully and Mr. Archibald said "Yon are only wasting time." This produced the retort that unless a matter affected Port Adelaide it had no interest for that member, and Mr. Moule then proceeded to repeat bis formerargumeuts. " We have heard all that before," expostulated Mr. McPhereon, and tbe reply was—" Then you bad better hear it again, as you don't understand it." "We are not so dense as some members," protested Mr. McPhereon. " But yon show it more," said Mr. Moule. Here Mr. Prioe lost bis patience, and in stentorian voice called out from the other side of the chamber," Don't waste time ; the country is sick of this sort of thing." Everyone turned round to look at the loud interjector, and the Chairman mildly inter posed with aery of "Order!" while Mr. Jenkins whispered a few words of good tempered warning, although the sense of the committee was entirely with the member for Sturt. " Why don't you divide and have done with it? 9 asked another labor member; and Mr. Moule replied, "It is necessary to let some members know what they are voting about." "We shall not learn much by you," asserted Mr. Archibald, and there was considerable laughter, which was fanned into a roar when Mr. Grainger, on whose, side Mr. Moule had been fighting, ungratefully got up to express the opinion that that member was doing much to injure the cause he was advocating. Mr. Archibald, with the fervor of a genuine reformer, expressed astonishment that the older members of the House did not show a better example to the new men. "Why not say you don't believe the Government, if you won't aooepti their assurances?" he said indignantly. Mr. Ash mildly suggested that it was possible to disagree with the Government without imputing un truth to them. He warned the Premier it was dangerous to tack the obnoxious clause to the Supply Bill, and said that if there was any waste of time the Govern ment were responsible for it. Mr. Butler jumped up and moved that "the committee do now divide," bnt Mr. Ash, who was con sulcingapaper, turned and said quietly—" You can't while I am on my legs." Mr. Grainger objected to Mr. Archibald setting himself on a higher pedestal than bis fellow members and giving them lectures on propriety. It was in his power to move that a division be taken. There had not been any stonewalling that afternoon, he eaid. Stonewalling consisted in making long speeches of nine hours' duration. Here the glances of members concentrated on Mr. Castine, who smiled proudly. After Sir John Downer, in the interest of conmstency,bad supported the notion of the Government, Mr. Burgoyne'e amendment was put and lost with out a division, but Mr. Aeh compelled mem bers to take sides on bis amendment. The result was that 36 voted against him, while Messrs. Burgoyne, Castine, Caldwell, H. K. Downer, Griffiths, Grainger, Hague, Moule, Riddoch, and Solomon crossed the floor with him. Then the clause passed. When clause 3 was reached Me Homburg moved to make the reductions apply to all publio salaries, but both Mr. Grainger and the Premier protested against any interference with the judges, urging Mr. Homburg to with draw the amendment. "Let us stick to the well-trodden path and not attempt to travel over an invisible track through a jungle of wrongnees which has only been traversed twice. Let as vote against the clause altogether," ad vised Mr. Ash. Mr. Homburg failed to see why any distino tion should be made because a few headstrong gentlemen desired to be exempt, while others submitted voluntarily to the retrenchment. "Would you reduce the Governor's salary?" was asked. " Certainly." was the reply, " for his Excellency the Governor had told the late Premier that if thtre was to be a general reduction of salaries he did not wish to stand out." "He is going away," was the dis courteous interjection of Mr. Grainger, to which Mr. Homburg replied, "Not to-morrow or the next day," while he continued Chat if no others objected he hoped that the judges would not be allowed to exercise discretion in the matter. "On, tbe Civil servants eesm to regard the Bill as a boon," eaid Mr. Ash, sarcastically, although be was inclined to tbe belief that it was a case of " Dont shoot, Fll come down." The amendment was lost on the voices, Mr. Hom bure alone calling " aye." Mr. Grainger then moved to strike out the minimum exemption "£160" but, forcing a division, he was beaten by 37 votee to 10. his companions being Sir J. W. Downer, Messrs. Ash, Castine, Cald well, H. E. Downer, Gilbert, MoLaohlmi, Randell, and Short, There was not com munity of thought among the ten, how ever, for whereas Mr. Grainger wished to increase the amount to £200, Sir John Downer desired to decrease it to £100. Mr. Castine thought alO per cent, reduction on salaries above £600 was not sufficient, and moved to substitute 15 per cent. "Makeit 20." suegested Mr. Wood, and "I wouldn't object to that," said tbe member for Wooroora. Later on, in severe rebuke of a flippant remark from that gentleman, be asked that the Government whip would en deavor to follow hi? argument. "I do try," eaid Mr. Jenkins plaintively, "bnt it is vary difficult sometimes." Being beaten Mr. Castine called for a division, but withdrew the demand at the request of tha Premier. Mr. Ash, however, was not so amsnable to persuasion and, pressing his opposi tion to the clause, was defeated by 34 votes to 10. The same member then resuscitated a previous point that the enacting clause of a Bill should be put as the preamble, and despite a protort from Mr. Homburg it was decided by the chairman that this should be done in future. On the tide being put Mr. Moule objected that it did not agree with the clauses, but the chairman ex pressed himself an being satisfied in the matter, and tbe Bui having been reported the same objeotion was raised for the decision of the Speaker, who ruled tb«t the BUI was per fectly regular. The standing orders were then suspended,. maugre a protest from Mr. Ash, and the third reading being carried the measure went along to the Council. It was now nearly a quarter-past 6, but the consideration of the Batter Bonus Bui wss resumed in committee, and the first clause was carried. At clause 2, however, Mb Castine was on his feet with a complaint against die alteration made in tbe measure, And he mb eoribed to a confession of faith to the effect that be would sooner see the Bill wrecked than passed in its present form. He talked tbe committee perilously near the adjournment hour, having apparently lost right of the fact that he has the privilege of speaking as often as he could catch the Chairman a eye on each clause. He was prepared to sit late, he said, and "So. are we," came heartily from a large section of the members, but the loyal desire for work was not gratified, and progress was reported at 6.20 p.m. In reply to a question from Mr. Moule it was stated that the Butter Bonus and Land Values Assessment Bills will be dealt with before the geoond reading of the Crown Lands BOlib moved, while presumably the Publio Salaries Bill wOl also have precedence of it. Before the House row the following motions, both in the name of Mr. Grainger, were agreed to:— "That an address be presented to his Exoel lenor the Governor praying his Excellency to forward to thie House a copy of all letters ad dressed to the Imperial authorities in connec tion with the appointment of the Chief Justice as Lieutenant Governor," and "That there be laid npon the table of this House a copy of all oormepondenoe between tbe Government and Mr. Joetdoe Bundey :n connection wituthe appointment of tho Chief Justice as acting-Governor." At G. 26 p.m- the House adjourned till to day. 