MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1893. THE STAGING OF SHAKESPEARE. " 'SHAKSPEARE ' spells « ruin.' " This has beea the dictum of so many theatrical managers that it is no wonder the public have come to believe it. True, they do make a reservation in favor of Mr. Irving; but that has been passed as the brilliant exception which proves the rule. But if the dictum be true, it does not by any means follow that Shakspeare is not widely popular. It is a particularly difficult matter to decide how popular a poet, or, rather, his poetry, really is. We humbug ourselves so much about hardly anything else. When Tennyson died the other day, for instance, there was a very general out- burst of grief and regret ; but was it real? The man, the personalty, may have been regarded generally with a good deal ef pride ; but what propor- tion of the public really and truly appreciated the poetry? What pro- portion really and truly appreciates the poetry of any of those whom we -are taught are the- major poets 1 Ten per cent. ? five per cent ? two per cent. ? We believe the last is nearest the mark. But those who either really do appreciate poetry or pretend to do so are so influential that one is almost afraid to acknow- ledge that he is "just a clod of the valley as regards poetry, that never could make out what was sense and what was' not," lest he should be put down as belonging to quite an inferioi section of mankind. But there nevei has been any of this wretched dissimu- lation with regard to Shakspeare ; and that for the simple reason that he was not a poet before and above everything else. That " Shakspeare," then, should spell " ruin," if it does, is not indeed due, we think, to an absence of populai appreciation of the great dramatist but to the fact that he is too wei appreciated. And this will accounl also for the general exception in Mr Irving's case. For it must be confessed that to th< reader of Shakspeare- the witnessing .0 the representation of him upon th< stage is sadly disappointing. Not indeed, that the representation may not be far superior ti those* of the modern stock plays judged by the -«ame standard, th former may . deserve;, crowded ant the latter empty benches. But stiJ thé Shakspeariañ student is almos invariably disappointed on the whole though it is quite likely that he ma; be very pleased with fragments her and there. So that, after patien waiting and intent watching, many 0 the most accomplished critics and mos devout worshippers of Shakspeare hav concluded that th«ir idol is^uaplayablf Citarles .Lamb thus declared of a play that has recently been witnessed in Eng- land with delight that it " is essenti- ally-impossible to be represented on the stage." . And Hazlitt, another learned commentator, was thinking of some- things more than a written resume when he said, "To attempt to give a description of the play itself or of its effect upon the mind is mere imperti- nence." Mr. W. Aldis Wright, the playwright's latest editor, gives in his most cordial adherence to this dictum. "Nothing more true has been ever said," he wrote. Of "aesthetic notes," to which* representations on the stage bear at least some analogy, he said that " they would interfere with the independent effort of the reader to understand the author, and would substitute for that effort a second-hand opinion acquired from another, which, both as regards method and result, is vastly inferior in educational value." But this is going too far. For we may surely read-whether in print orin action or speech on the stage-the opinion of another without accepting that opinion as our own. . Shakspeare, as we all know, acted his own plays. Even pf "Lear," which the infatuated critics are par- ticularly certain does not admit of stage representation, we have it on the title page of the first edition, pub lished in 1608, that it " was played before the King's Majesty at White- hall . upon S. Stephen's Night, in Christmas Holidays, by his Majesty's servants playing usually at the Globe, on the Bankside." But the theatres have changed since then; for the stages were at that time no more than undraped platforms from which the players spoke their lines, without »ny I attempt being made by mechanicians to get us to believe that we are actually seeing the original thing. But the quarrel cannot be altogether with the stage thunder and the stage scenery, j It must be with the players. Is there I ground for that ? It would be idle to suggest that there is not. For, however Shakspeare played his pieces, most certainly they do not admit of what almost all modern plays do admit of- representa- tion by a " star" company, i e., by one good man or one good lady, aided by a number of under graduates ; for though Shakspeare generally has, of course, a " star" character, he has invariably , half a dozen others, that, demand, tc be anything like satisfactorily dealt with, talent at any rate equal to that required for the "star" part of 98 per cent, of other, plays* Indeed il isnot alwap an easy matter-tô-^deter- mine which is the "star" pruff. Mr, chose Caliban; others might with equal justice choose Prospero, and even Alonzo and Antonio might be pushed into the same prominence. Not at all unusually are many of the finest speeches put into the mouths of characters that are generally treated as subsidiary. In " Hamlet " we have Polonius, with his famous advice to Laertes; the Ghost, protesting to Hamlet ; the conscience-smitten King's powerful soliloquy ; and so on. And it is not enough that these speeches should be said ; while it puts one out of temper with the whole representation if any of these gems be smuggled from the casket, as they often are. Yet, while Mr. Irving, in London, may be able to engage a company of "stars," and may be able to satisfy the critics with his stage accessories "the contemptible machinery by which they mimic storms," as Lamb says-it would be ridiculous to ask for the same thing elsewhere. The most we may reasonably expect is that we shall be given more light as to one or two or, at the most, three characters ; and if we only expect that much, the dis- appointment of the Shakspearian student is most likely to give way to some degree of satisfaction. 