Ladies Losing Watches. Going into some of the large stores ia town one may notice that many of the young women behind the counters who are so fortunate as to possess watches have the rings at the stems of their time-pieces drawn through holes in their jerseys and fastened down securely by a button, so tbat a watch could not be removed without quite an effort, and certainly not without its wearer knowing about it. This is a scheme of wearing a watch tbat has gone into fashion in the stores, ana it has a substantial and sensible basis. Recently a great many watches have been stolen or lost, and in the lost and found columns a . larger number than usual have been reported. From the small number reported as found compared with tbe large number reported as lost, it is apparent that either the honesty of the people who have been finding watches on the curbstones lately is at a very low standard, or else the -watches were really not loBt in the sense intended by the advertisers, but stolen. It has been quite fashionable for ladies, especially for those engaged in the stores, to weartheir watches in their boBoat, with fob obains hanging out of the button- holes of their jerseys. In most of the cases where watches have been lost, the wearers had grown careless, and to save time and have the time-pieces as available as mc-n have theirs, they had just tucked them in between their corset covers and the corsets, instead of inside the corsets as most ladies, it is believed, do. Thus worn, they were an invitation to a 'pickpocket, and in the crowds on the trams and ferries, just atter the closing hours of the stores, it was an easy matter for an expert thief to make a " haul." A lady bad the misfortune to find ft watch on one of the streets in Sydney the other day, and she advertised it in the He}aid. The applicants who called right away after the appearance of the advertisement weie so numerous that it was a person's work to attend the door. The lady was surprised that so many people could have lost watches. The police will eay that there are nothiens in the city—they always do—but tka yotmg ladies no town know bcitar. — A certain act of patronage was coa« ferred by a poet, whose name began with a T, on Alexander Smith, which the young man very naturally resented. When T observed: " Never mind what the criticc say,/like your poems," Smith is said to ::aro replied, "Oh, sir, do not discourago uie."—Argonaut. Criticism as is Criticism.—Col. "Pat 1 Donan doesn't like the play of " Hamlet.' Hear the eloquent adjectiveslinger: " I havt no patience, much less sympathy, with & wretched weakling who goes around jabber* ing at dilapitated old ghosts in tin helmetc and green ^aaze veils,under bogus moonlight! everlastingly t h reatemng to do something, ano never doing it; driving his sweetheart to lunacy and a catfish death, by his dime-museum' freaks; making stump speeches to skulls and grave-diggers: going into all sorts of he-hylterics; and at last." running a section of barbi.'<! wire fence, in tbe most approved Chicago piK- stickiujt style, through bis dead girl's biulhei, ami dying himself, to blow fiddlemusic, amid a general c image of lunatics and , wreck of absurdities. B o B 