FICTION. PAULÍÑALISLE. PART SECOND. CHAPTER IV.-(Coniintw<I.) She clasped her hands around his arm, and looked up at him with a face of mortal dread. '* He will not find out, my lady," Duke Bald, quietly, " if you do not betray yourself. How should he-sh« is Polly Mason, the orphan cousin of a poor scene- painter ; and for the resemblance, he will not see it as you do. You do not," he half gasped as he asked th» question, " You will not take her away, my lady P" " Take her away !" repeated Lady Charteris ¡ " never, my friend-my good, kind, faithful friend ! Do you love her ?-tell me-is sho indeed dear to you P Would it grieve you to give her up ?" " My lady, nothing on earth could grieve me so deeply. I don't know how a father may feel for an only child, but I know no father in this world could love a daughter more than I love Polly." " And your sister-she loves her too ?" " She is the torment and the idol of my sister's life. Every one loves the Duchess." She put her hands over her face. Tears were falling-the happiest Lady Charteris had evershed. "When she looked up she was ineffably calm in the dusk. "I have been praying for ray darling." She V whispered. "Oh, God keep her-God protect her -pure from the world-safe from her enemies !" " H»r enemies-she has none." " She has a terrible enemy while Sir Vane Charteris lives. Save her from him. Look, Mr. Mason! I was an heiress j it was for my fortune my uncle persecuted me-Sir Vane married me. That fortune was eo left me that it falls to my eldest child at my death. He idolizes bis daughter -it is his ambition that she shall make a lofty mirrîage-he has become almost a miser that she may be a great heiress. And Paulina is my eldest child-to Paulina it shall go at ray death-if they cannot prove my first marriage illegal and she illegitimate. I speak calmly of these things, ray friend, I have thought of them so often. Paulina will inherit in spite of him-the marriage was legal, I know. I have consulted lawyers on the subject. One hair of her head is dearer to me than a dozen Mauds,- it may be wrong-I cannot help it. At my death Paulina will come into an income of nine thousand a year-his daughter will not inherit a shilling. It is well he has sufficient for her. He is a bad, bold, unscrupulous man, who spares neither man nor woman in his wrath. I tell you this because you know how he married me, while I loathed bim, and told him I loathed him. A man who would stoop to such a marriage would stoop to anything, Would Paulina be safe, think you, then, in his power ? We only remain here a week or two ; keep her away from this place during that time. He suspects me now t since our return to England he has watched me as a cat watches a mouse. I don't know what he suspects, what he fears, but it is so, Even now I may be missed, he may be searching for me. Mr. Mason, I think I am the most wretched woman the wide earth holds-I think my heart broke Eixteen years ago, when they told me my darling was dead. The only creature in this world whom I love is yonder, and I dare not speak one word to her, dare not give her one l'68 for her father's sake." She covered her face again, anJ oroke out into sobbing. Wild, hysterical, but suppressed sobb ing. Alas! lons y"Bf8 °* paîn' °* surveillance, had taught he» that even grief was a luxury she must not indulge in. Puke bad nothing to say j a woman crying made tam cold and hot by turn«. He wasn't much used used to it-Rosanna wee superior to crying, as to all other weaknesses of her wretched ses j and as for J'olly's tears, though they made him exquisitely j miserable at the time, they were speedily dried. They were generally tears of rage, indeed, not of sorrow; and as elie scolded vehemently nil the while ehe wept, it was not in the natura of things that her tempests could last long-their very violence used tbem up. But this was something different j this was sorrow of which the man knew nothing, and be shrank away, with a Btrong desire to take to bis heels and him-she dropped her hands and smiled through escape. Some intuition told her that it pain«! her tears. " I have no ri^ht to distress you," she eald, BwaetJy, "you who are wy bfiBt, my only friend the-only friend at least whom I can trust with the see» et of wy Ufo, Tell we of my child-!s she truthful, is she generous, is she noble- hearted, is bim »Dimble; is she, in a word, Uko her father ?" " Amiable ?" Well, Duke wasn't prepared to say that Polly WPB, on all occasions, She had a tongue and a temper, bnyond a doubt ; she had a will of her own, too, und mad«) most people mind her. But-and J)uko Mason's face lighted up, and his «»yea glowed, and great love mudo him eloquent, and he pictured Polly to Polly's »»other as he saw lie»-Um bravest, tim haiiduomeot, the most generous und loving little girl in Gruel Britain. "Thank <'0rJ !" tim mother said. "Thank God j And thank you, who Imvu buen liar father and friend \w wo many years, Jfeep her el ill-keep h«'i' until I die and ulm comes Into her fortune, Bim will hu »bin to »mvurd you (hen," " 1 hop that day io very far olf, J don't want any ruivuid for leuuping Um J)uohe«i, Li fu without I mr would not hu worth Um having." " Tt'uuh hnr whiit you i.an-J cannot uvun give you u paltiy bundled oi' two, for that- f have not u noy«) fign without Dm knowledge of ßjr Vunu Ohaili'ris-not tttrinkflt that Jm would not mhei I um power tim» bim I«, Mr, Mason," "Oh, J'olly isn't pooii" ork'd Dwk», forgetting himself f..r tim third timo ¡ " timuka to HawMey',. ¡<i'iH'ioi=Jty, «lielius t-uve» bunded pound» lu the tyiuckiiuvan Hank f" "Who I« Ibis Mr, Hawkeloyf" atkod hniy Charterte, willi rin«wnd mspklon j "who know* Paulina' naru«, and give* har uuyuu hundred jjouudb r What d on It »wail V" "What a d lt*~a dunderhead, I am j" ¿bought Duk«, ready io bile hi« own tongue off, " I've got j myself luto a j te'ty mee» now ! My lady," hu enid, «loud, " Mr, liaivkuley is only a nry gwieiou« and eeei-ntilu young man, who took a fancy to Polly'« pretty face when a baby, and »end« her a OhrMwau t>reHunt í/í flftv pounds horn Ulm Callie«!* gold J digging! every year. Ile waa just from the Slate«, you see, and I dare say that'a how he came to ' gucM' her name." She had not the faintest suspicion of the truth, and this very lucid explanation satisfied her. " Ile is very kind," she «aid ; " take the money, then, and educate the child as befits the birth and station she will one day fill, And now "-she laid her hand upon his arm and drew nearer to him "a last favor. Will you accompany me to-morrow ni«ht to the Gringo P A étrange request," »he added, as she felt how Duke must be condering | " hut I dare not venture to go in day-time. He would suspect something. Ho is always suspecting. And at night I fear to go alone. Not the c&valier;'a ghost," with a faint smile, "hut the people I might meet at that hour. Will you be my escort to-morrow night?" " Certainly, Lady Charteris." " I go at night, bec&UBO; when all have retired, I am free-only then. And I go for something I left behind me in my flight fourteen years ago-ah, you remember that night P My husband's minia- ture-my lost husband's-Sir Vane Charteris ÍB only that in name-some letters-trinkets-the few presents he ever gave me. They are dearer te mc than anything in the world, except his child. I had them ready, and forgot them somehow, that night in my haste. They may have been removed, but I think not-I left them in the secret drawer of an Indian cabinet, and I know none of the large furniture was ever taken from the Grange. At twelve, to-morrow night, I will be at the gates will you meet me there ?" " I will." She took his hand and kissed it as she had done that night long ago in the waiting-room at the railway. " Heaven bloBs yon, best of friends ! And now I must leave you-he has missed me long ere this." She flitted away with the words, and Duke was left alone under the red lamps and nightingale's jug-jngr. He looked at his watch-nine o'clock-the first act would be over; but bettor late than never. The first violinist or the Lyceum strode away at a tremendous rate toward the theatre. Precisely at midnight the following night, Duke, in a light waggon, was waiting outside the ponder- ous gate of the Priory. "Were his nocturnal adventures never to end P" Duke wondered, "and what would Rosanna say to- morrow, when Bfao found his bed unslept in ?" Lady Charteris was punctual, and he drove her along through the quiet night to the haunted Grange. " Yon had better wait outside," the lady Baid, "and keep walch, I know how to effect an entrance, and I am not in the least afraid." She approached the house in a rapid and resolute step. She wight be afraid of Sir Vane Charteris she certainly was not of supernatural visitants The open window caught her eye, she clambered up the ivy rope ladder, and entered. The moon chanced to be obscured, and the figure asleep in the chair escaped her eye. She carried with her a dark lantern, which she lighted now, and passed out of the apartment and upstairs to the chamber that had long ago been her own. She WBB right in her surmise. The Indian cabinet had not been removed. She found the 6pring she wanted, the drawer flew out ; there lay the cherished packet. She oaught it np, thrust it into her bosom, and rapidly descended. It waa then her footsteps awoke the sleeper. She opened the door. Polly was standing erect, and very wide awake now, Lady Charteris paused on the threshold with a low, atartled cry. There, in the house in which she had boon horn, sixteen years ago this very month, child and mother stood face to face ! 