THE SORCERESS. : By MRS. OL1PHANT, Author at 'The Son of his lather,' 'The , Chronicles of Garlingford,' ' The Bose in ? June/' ' The Greatest Heiress in England,' 'Whiteladies,' 'Witinn the Precincts,' .'It was a Iiovor and his Itass,' ' Adam Graeme,31 &c;, &a; IPubliehed by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] ChapiebXLYIL Bee bad passed tne whole day with Charlie, the Friday of the dinner party at Fortman equare. She had resisted as long as she could writing the letter which had brought so much excitement to Betty and the passion with which he had insisted upon this, the struggle between them, the vehemence with which he had declared that he cared for nothing in the world but to see Laura once again, to thank her for having pleaded for him with his father, to ask he forgiveness for his follies — had been bad ior Charlie, who lay for the rest of the day upon the sofa, tossing from bim one after the .n^lin_ 4.1*.. ____!_ ^l._J. ? !J _ .3 ^ » ? ubiier buo uuvem luud wero provided ior nis amusement, declaring them to be 'rot' or ' rubbish, 'growling at his sister when she con tinued to speak to him, and reducing poor .Bee to that state of wounded imbscility which is the lot of those who endeavor to please an unpleasable invalid, with the conviction that all the time they are doing more harm than good. ; Bee was not maladroit by nature and she had 'the warmest desire to be serviceable to her ? brother, but it appeared that she always did the wrong thing, not only in the eyes of Charlie, but in thoseof the nurse who came in from time to time withswift movements, bringing subordina tion and quiet where there bad been nothing :but irritation and resistance. And in this house, where she had been brought entirely for the service of Charlie, Bee did not know -what to do. She was afraid to leave the rooms 'that had been given up to him leet she should ? meet some one on the stairs or be Been only to be avoided as if her presence there was that of a ghost or an enemy. Poor Bee— wearing out ithe long hours of the spring afternoon with poor attempts to bs useful to the invalid, to ! watch his looks - which he resented by frequent , adjurations not to watoh him as a cat watches ia mouse), to anticipate his wishes (which im ixnediately became the last thing in the world ? be wanted as soon as she found out the drink jOrffOtthe paper for whiahhe was looking)— heard, or thought she heard, steps coming to the street door, subdued voices in the hall, : comings and goings half stealthily, noises sub dued lest she should hear. What did it matter 'Whether ahe heard or not? Why should the -xnaster of the house be banished that ehe, bo ?ineffectual as ehe had proved, should be brought :to her brother's side? She bad not done and :coald sot do any good to Charlie ; all that she I had done had been to remind him of Miss iXiaooe, to be the medium of calling that dis astrous person, who had done all die harm, /back into Charlie's life— ray, of bringing her j back to this houee the inmates of -which she ;had already harmed to the utmost of her i power, . \- That vna all that sad been done by Bee land now feer preeenoe kept at a distance the ?onefeawifcai ia the world who had the best's i right *- fee here. Be wow almost secretly !(sfie M» «we) *- tbe door in the das* to en iauireaftwttspatwnt.or to«et«Btette»; itor*fcoie, w w&flaing; Jneetep, Art sbenigfat -jiotte4iB»aifcecL ^ ^ ? -? . Poor £?»! H v» ve? Utter *ofcsrto J ?» -\ ????????.? think that Aubrey Leigh should leave his own bouse because ahe ?was. there. Sometimes she wondered whether it was some remnant of old, almost-extinguished feeling in his breast which had made him think that the eight of Bee would do Charlie good— the sight of Bee for which her brother did not care at all, not at all; which was an annoyance and fatigue to him, except when she had betrayed what was the last thing in tbe world she should have betrayed, the possibility of seeing again that woman who bad harmed them all. If Aubrey had thought so, with some remnant of the old romance, how mistaken he had been I and it was intolerable for the girl to think that for the sake of this unsuccessful experiment he had been sent away from his own house. She placed herself in the corner of the room in whioh Charlie (to whom she was supposed to do good and bring pleasure) could see her least, and bitterness filled her neart. There were tunes in which she thought of stealing away, leaving a word for Mrs. Leigh to the effeot that ehe was doing Charlie no good, and that Betty, who would come to-morrow, might perhaps be of more vse — and returning forlorn to JSangswarden to renew tbe life, where perhaps nobody wanted her very much, but where, at least, there were so many things which she and no one else was there to do. She was still in this depressed state when Mrs. Leigh {who had evidently gone away also that the brother and sister might be alone and happy together), came back, looking into Charlie's loom to ask how. he was on her way upBtairs to dress for dinner. ' Better,' the nurse said with her eyebrows. 'Peevish— young lady mustn't cross him — must be humored — -things not gone quite so well to-day.' 'You wOl tell me about it 'at dinner,' said Mrs. Leigh, and Bee went downstairs with a heavy heard to be questioned. Aubrey's mother looked cheerful enough ; she did not seem to be unhappy about bis absence or to dislike the society, of the girl who had driven him away. And she was very considerate even in .her questions about the patient. ' We* musb expect these fluctuations,' ene said, 'you must not be cast down if you are not quite so triumphantly successful to-day.' 'Oh, Mrs. Leigh, I am deceiving you. I have never been Buocessful at alL He did not waut me— he doesn't care for me ; and to stay here is dreadful, upsetting the house — doing no good.' 'My dear, this is a Btrange statement to mAe, and you must not expect me to believe you in the face of facts. He was much better after seeing you last night.' 'Doing no good,' said Bee, shaking her bead, 'but harm, oh, real harm 1 It was not I that did him good, it was telling him of some one, of a lady— oh, Mrs. Leigh, how am I to tell you?' 'My dear child, anything that you yourself know can surely be told to me. We were afraid that something about a woman was at the bottom of it, but then that is always the thing that is said; and tpyhoid, you know, means bad drains and not a troubled mind — though the one may make you susceptible to the other. Don't) be so distressed, my dear. It seems more to your inexperience than it is in reality. He will get over that.' 'Mrs. Leigh,' said Bee, very pale. 'He 'has made me write to ask her to come and see Mm here.' It was now Mrs. Leigh's turn to change color. She grew red, looking astonished in the girl's despairing face. 'A woman to come and see him here 2 but your brother would never insult the house and you— I am talking nonsense,' ehe said, sud denly stopping herself, 'and misconstruing him altogether. It is some lady who has jilted . him — or something of that kind/' Bee had not understood what Mrs. Leigh's first idea was and she did nob see any cause for relief in the second. ' I don't know what she did to him or what she has done to them all,' the girl said mourn fully: 'they are all the same. Papa, even, who does nob care very much for ladies gene rally ; bub Charlie, poor Charlie ! oh, I believe he is in love with her still, though she is twice »3 old as he is and has almost broken his heart.' ' My dear,' said Mrs. Leigh, ' this musb be something very different from what we thought We thought he had got into some dreadful trouble about a ? an altogether inferior per son. Bub as it seems to be a lady, and one that is known to the family, and who can be asked to come here — If you can tell me a little more clearly what the story is I shall be more able to give you my advice.' Bee looked at her questioner helpless, half distracted, not knowing how to speak, and yet the story must be told. She had written that fatal invitation and it could not be concealed who this possible -visitor was. She began with a great deal 'of hesitation to talk of the lady whom Charlie had raved about at Oxford, and bow he was to work to please her, and how fie did not work, but failed in every way and fled from Oxford, and how her father went to en quire into the story, and how the lady had come to Colonel Kingsward at the hotel to ex plain to him, to excuse Charlie, to beg his father to forgive him.' ' But, my dear, she can't be so very bad,' paid Mrs. Leigh soothingly. 'You must not judge her hardly ; if she thought she had been to blame in the matter that was really the right thing to do.' 'And since then,' resumed Bee, 'I think papa has thought of nobody else ; he writes to ' her and tells her everything. He goes to Bee her, be forgets about Chatlie and all of us, be has taken Betty there and Betty adores her too. And to-night,' cried Bee, the angry tears coming into her eyes, 'she is dining in Portman- squars, dining with the Lyons as a great friend of ours — in Portman-square.' Mrs. Leigh drew Bee to her and gave her a kiss of consolation. I think it was partly that the girl in her misery should nob see the smile, which Mrs. Leigh, thinking that she now saw through this not uncommon mystery, could not otherwise conceal. ' My poor child,' she said, 'my dear girl I This is hard upon you since you dislike her eo much, but I am afraid it is quite natural and a thing that could not have been guarded against. And then you must consider that your father may probably be a better judge than yourself. I don't see any harm this lady has done except that perhaps it is not quite good taste to make herself eo agreeable both to the father and son; bub perhaps in Charlie's case that was not her faulb. And I gee no raason, my dear — really and sincerely as your friend, Bee — why you should be so prejudiced against a poor woman whose only fault is that everybody else likes her. Now isn't it a little unreasonable when you think of it calmly yourself ?' ' Oh, Mrs. Leigh 1' Bee cried ; the situa tion was intolerable, the passion of injury and misconception so strong in her that she could only gasp in insupportable anger and dismay. 'Bee, Bee ; this feeling is natural, but you must nob leb it carry you away. Have you seen her? Let me come in when she is here and give my opinion.' 'I have seen her three times,' said Bee solemnly, ' once at the baths, and once in the Academy, and once at Oxford ;' and then once more excitement mastered the girl. 'Ob, when you know who she is. Don't smile, don't smile, but listen. She is Miss Lance.' 'Miss Lance?9 Mrs. Leigh repeated the name with surprise,'* looking into Bee's face. *' You must compose yourself,' she said, 'you musb compose yourself. Miss ? ? My dear, you bave got over excited, you have mixed things np.' 'No, I am not over excited. I am telling vou only the truth. It is Miss Lanoe ; and they all believe in her as if she were an angel, and she is coming here.' Mrs. Leigh was very much startled, bnb yeb she would nob believe her ears. She had heard Charlie delirious in his fever nob so long ago. Her mind gave a little leap to the alarming thought that there might be madness in the family and that Bee had been seized like her brother. That what she said was actual fact seemed to her too impossible to be true. She soothed the excited girl with all her power. 'Whoever ib is, my near, you shall not take any harm. There is nothing to be frightened about. I will take care of you whoever ib is.' ' I do not think you believe me,' said Bee. ' I am nob out of my mind, as you think. Ib is Miss Lance — Miss Laura Lanoe — the same, the very same, that — And I have written and ehe will be coming here.' 'This is very strange,' said Mrs. Leigh. 'It does not seem possible to believe it. The same — who came between Aubrey and you? Oh, I never meant to name him, I was never to name him ; but how can I help it? Laura, who was the trouble of his house — who would not leave him — who went to your father ? And now your father — 1 I cannot understand it. I cannot believe that it is true.' 'It is true,' said Bee. 'bub Mrs. Leigh, you forget that no one cared then except my self ; they have forgotten all that now, they have forgotten what happened. It was only my business, it was nob their business. All that has gone from papa. He remembers nothing about it. And ene is a witch, ehe is a magician, she has a devil — oh, please forgive me, forgive me — I don't know what I am say ing. It has all been growing, one thing after another — first me— and then Charlie — and then papa— and then Betty. And now, after bringing him almost to death and destruction, here is Charlie, in this house, calling for her, raging ?with me till I wrote to call her. Me i' cried Bee with a Borb of indignant eloquence. ' Me ! Could ib go further than that ? Could nothing be mare wan that ? Me ! and in this house.' 'My dear child,' said Mrs. Leigh, 'I don't wonder, I don't wonder — it is like some thing in* tragedy. Oh. Bee ! forgive me for what is first in my thoughts. Was she the reason, the only reason for your breach with my poor Aubrey S for atfirsiycu stood by him —and then you turned upon him.' 'Do not ask me any xoemB questions, please. I am sob able to answer ^any thing, isn't it enough &bab; all these *t»mga lucvs happened through this woman and 4hat die is coming btr&S;' Mrs. ieigh *n»de «o further question. She sawthatliegiri'sewateineBt ma almost be- - yon* tearcoBtzolasdAatiierjBDaMaisdwaB ? atransd toite uliiftp^ «to «£dToatf to bet- * self, ' I musb think. I cannot tell in a moment what to do. I must send for Aubrey. It is his duty and mine to let ib go no further. You musb try to compose yourself, my dear, and trust us. Oh, Bee,' there were tears in her eyes as ehe came up to the girl and kissed her, ' ' if you could bub have brusted us— in all things. I don't think yon ever would have repented/' But Bee did nob make any response. Her . hands were cold and her head hot. She was wrapt in a strange passion and confusion of human chaos and bewilderment— everything gone wrong— all the elements of life twisted the perverse way ; nothing open, nothing clear. She was incapable of any simple unmingled feeling in thab confusion and medley of every thing going wrong. Mrs. Leigh, a little disappointed, went into the inner room, the little library, to write a letter — no doubt to consult or summon her son . — from whioh she was interrupted a few minutes later by a faint call and Bee's white face in the doorway. 'Mrs. Leigh, papa will come to-morrow, and he will take us away — ableasb he will take me away. I — I shan't be any longer in any one's way. Oh, don't keep him apart from you— don't send anyone out of the house be cause of me.' Chapteb XLYHL There was a great deal of commotion next morning in the house in Mayfair. Bee was startled by having a tray brought to her bedroom with her breakfast when she was almost ready to go downstairs. 'Mrs. Leigh thought, miss, as you had been so tired last night and might like to rest a little longer,' said the maid ; and Bee divined with a sharp pang through all the trouble and confusion of her mind that she was not wanted, thab pro bably Aubrey was coming bo consult with his mother what was to be done. Ib may be imagined with what scrupulousness she kept within her room, her pride all up in arms, though her heart she thought was broken. Though the precaution was so natural, though ib was taken ab what was supposed to be her desire, ab what was really her desire, the only one she would have expressed, yet she resented ib in the contradiction and ferment of her being. If Mrs. Leigh supposed that she wanted to see Aubrey! He was nothing to her, he had no part in her life. When she had been brought here, against her will, it had been expressly explained thab ib was nob for Aubery, thab he would rather go away to the end of the world than disturb her. And she had herself appealed to his mother, her last action on the previous night — to bring him back, nob bo banish him on account of the girl who was nothing to him, and whose part ib was, nob his, to go away. All this, how ever, did not make ib seem less keen a wound to LBee, thab she should be, so to speak, imprisoned In her own room, because Aubrey was expected down stairs. She had never, she declared to herself vehemently, felt ab ease under the roof that was his ; nothing bub Charlie's supposed want of her would have induoed her to subjeot her self to the chances of meeting him, and the ptillmore appalling chance of being supposed to wish to meet him. And now this insult of imprisonment in her bedroom, lest she should ~by any chance eome under his observation — offend his eye ! Bee was contradictory enough at all times, a rosebud eat about with wilful thorns, but everything was in tumult about her and all her conditions nothing bub contra dictions now. Thus ib happened thab while Betty was setting oub with much excitement, but that all pleasurable, walking lightly among undis covered dangers. Bee was suddenly arrested, as she felt, imprisoned in the little room look ing oub upon roofs and backs of houses, thrust aside into a corner thab she might) nob be seen or her presence known (imperceptibly the force oHihe description grew as she wenb on piling up agony upon agony). Ib was some time before, in the commotion of her feelings, she could bring herself to swallow her tea ; and then ehe walked about the room, gazed out from the window from which, as it was at the back of the house, ahe saw nothing and found the position more and more intolerable every minute. A prisoner! she who had been brought here against her will, on pretence that her presence might save her brother's life, or \- something equally grandiose and impossible — save her brother s life, bring bim back from despair by the sight of some one thab he loved. These were the sorb of words that Mrs. Leigh had said. As if it mattered to Charlie one ' way or other what Bee might think or do ! as if he were to be consoled by her, or stimulated, or brought back to lite ! She had affected him involuntarily, undesirably by her betrayal of the vicinity of that woman, that witch who had warped his heart and being. Bub as for influencing in her own person her brother's mind or life Bee knew she was as little capable as baby, the little tyrant of the nursery. Oh, how foolish she had been to come at all, to yield to what was said, the flattering sugges tion that she could do so muoh when she knew all along in her own inmost consciousness that she could do nothing ! The only thing for her to do now was to go back to the dull life of whioh in her impatient foolishness she had grown so weary ; the dull life in which Bhe was indeed of some use after all, where it was clearly her duty to get the upper hand of baby, to preserve the discipline of the nursery, to train the little ones and keep the big boys in order. These were the elder sister's duties, with which nobody could interfere, not any ridiculous, sentimental, exaggerated idea, as Charlie had said of what a woman's ministrations could do. 'Oh, woman, in our hours of ease !' that sort of foolish — foolish, intolerable, ludicrous kind of thing, which ib used to be considered right to say, though people knew better now. Bee felt bitterly that to say of her that she was a minis tering angel would be irony, contumely, the sort of thing people said when they laughed at women and their old-fashioned sham pre tences. She had never made any such pre tence. She had said from the beginning that Charlie would care for none of her ministra tions. She had been brought here against her judgment, against her will, and now she was shut tip as in a prison in order that Aubrey might not be embarrassed by the sight of her. As if she had wished to see Aubrey ! as if it had nob been on the assurance that ehe was nob to see Aubrey thab she had been beguiled here. When a message came to her that she was to go to her brother Bee did nob know what to do. Ib seemed to her that Aubrey might be lurking somewhere on the stairs, that he might be behind Charlie's sofa, or laying in wait on the other side of the curtain, notwith standing her offenoe ab the quite contradictory idea that ehe was imprisoned in her room to foe kept out of his way. These two things were entirely contrary from each other, yet it was quite possible to entertain and be disturbed by both in the tumult and confusion of a perverse young mind. She stepped out of her room as if she were about to fall into an ambush, nob withstanding that she had been thrilling in every irritabednerve with the idea of being im prisoned there. Charlie had insisted on getting up much earlier than usual. He had nob waited for the doctor's visit. He was better ; well, he said, stimulated into nervous strength and capa bility, though his gaunt limbs tottered under him and his thin hands trembled. When he gob into his sitting- room he flung away all his cushions and wrappings as eoon as his nuree left him and wenb to tbe mirror over the mantelpiece and gazed at himself in the glass, smoothing down and stroking into their right place those irregular soft tufts growing here and there upon his chin, which he thought were the beginnings of a beard. Would she think ib was a beard, that sign of manhood ? They were too downy, fluffy, nn energetic, a foolish kind of growth, like a colt's, some long, eome short; yet Charlie could nob help being proud of them. He felt that they would come to something in time, and remembered tbab he had often heard it said thab a beard which never had been shaved became the finest— in time. Would ehe think so? or would she laugh and tell him that this would not do— that he musb get himself shaved ? He would not mind thab she should laugh. She might do anything — all she did was de lightful to poor Charlie, and there would be a compliment even in being told that he musb get shaved. Charlie had stroked his upper lip occasionally with a razor, but ib had never heeu necessary to suggest to him that he should get shaved before. He had to be put back upon his sofa when nurse reappeared, bub be only remained there for the time, promising no permanent obedience. When Laura came he certainly should not receive her there. 'When did your letter go ? when would Betty receive it?' he said, when Bee, breath less and pale, at last under nurse's escort was brought downstairs. 'She musb have gob ib last night. Bub there was a dinner party,' said Bee after a pause, 'last night at Portman- square.' 'What do I care for their dinner parties? I suppose the poBtman would go all the same.* 'Bub Betty oould not do anything till this morning.' 'No,' 6aid Charlie, 'I suppose not. She would be too much taken up with her ridicu lous dress and what ehe was to wear'-'— the knowledge of a young man who had sisters pierced through even his indignation — 'or with some nonsense about Gerald Lyon— thab fellow ! And to think,' tie said in an outburst of high, moral indiKnation, 'that one's fate should be ab the mercy of a little thing like Betty or what she might say or do 1' ' Betty is not so much younger than we are, to be sure,'^said Bee, with reflective sadness, 'she has never had anything to make her think of all the troubles there are in the world.' Charlie turned upon her with scorn — 'And what have you had to snake you think and what do you suppose you know? A^irl. always proteotud by everybody, kept orni of tbe battle, never allowed to feel the air on your cheek ! I must tell you, See, that 'your setting yourself vp for fe&mriog; things ie the most ridiculous exhibrtioa in tbe wortfe' 1 Bee's wounded soul oould not find any words. She kept out of the battle t She setting np for knowing things! And what was his knowledge in comparison with hers? He had bub been deluded like thereat by a woman whom Bee had always seen through and never put any faith in ; whereas she had losb what was most dear, all her individual hopes and prospeebs, and been obliged to sacri fice what sue knew would be the only love of her life. She looked at Charlie with eyes that were full of unutterable things. He was reckless with hope and expectation, self-deceived, thinking that all was coming right again, whereas Bee knew thab things would never more right with her j and yeb he presumed to say that she knew nothing, and thab to think she had suffered was a mere pretence. ' How little, how libtle,' Bee thought, 'other people know.' The house seemed full thab morning of sounds and commotions, unlike ordinary times. There were sounds of ringing bells, of doors opened and shut, of voices downstairs. Once both Charlie and Bee held their breath, thinking the moment had come, for a carriage stopped at the door ; there was the sound of a noisy summons and then steps coming upstairs. Alas ! ib was nobhing but the doctor, who came in, ushered by the nurse, bub nob nntil she had held a private oonferenoe with him, keeping them both in the most tremendous suspense in the bedroom. It is true this was a thing which happened every morning, bub they had both forgotten that in the tension of highly-wrought feeling. And when bhe doctor came he shook his head. 'There has been too muoh going on here,' he said. 'You have been doing too much, or talking too much. Miss Kingsward, you helped us greatly with our patient yester day, but I am afraid you have been going too far ; you have hurried him boo much. We dare nob press reoovery at railway speed after so serious as illness as this.' ' Oh, I have not wished to do so,' said Bee. It is eome friends that we are expeobing.' ' Friends? I never Baid he was to see friends,' the doctor said. 'Come, doctor,' said Charlie; 'you must not be too hard upon me. It's — it's my father and sister that are coming.' 'Your father and sister are different, but not too much even of them. Recollect, nurse, whab I say ; nob too much even of the nearest and dearest. The machinery has been too muoh oub of gear to come round all in a moment. And, Miss Kingsward, you are pale, too. You had better get out a little and take the air. There must not be too much conversation ; not too much reading either. I must have quiet, perfect quiet.' ' Am I to do nothing but think ?' said Charlie. ' Is that the best thing for a fellow to do that has missed his schools and lost his time?' ' Be thankful that you are at a time of life when the loss of a few weeks doesn't matter.: and don't think,' said the doctor, 'or we shall have to stop even the father and sister and send you to bed again. Be reasonable ; be reason able. A few.days' quiet and you will be out of my hands.' ' Oh, Charlie, then you have given up see ing anyone else,' said Bee with a cry of re lief aa the doctor, attended by the nurse, went downstairs. ' I have done nothing of the kind,' he cried, jumping up from the sofa and going to the window. 'And you had better tell that woman to go out for a walk and that you will look after me. Do you think when Laura comes that I will not. see her if fifty doctors were to interfere ? But if you want to save me a little you will send thab woman out of the way. It is the worry and being contradicted that does me harm.' ' How can I, Charlie — oh, how can I in the face of what the doctor said?' He turned back upon her flaming with feverish rage and excitement. ' If you don't I'll go out. Til have a cab called and get away from this prison,' he cried. 'I don't care whab happens to me, bub I shall see her if I died for ib.' ' Perhaps,' said Bee to herself, trembling, 'she will not come. Oh! perhaps she will not come 1' but she felb that this was a very forlorn hope, and when the nurEe came back the poor girl, faltering and ill ab ease, obeyed the peremptory signs and frowns of Charlie onoe more established on the sofa and seeming to take no part in the negotiation. 'Nurse, I have been thinking,' said Bee with that talent for the circumstantial whioh women have even when acting against their will, ' that you have far more need of a walk and a little fresh air than I can have who have only been here for a day— and that if you will tell me exactly whab to do I could bake care of him while you go out a little.' 'Shouldn'b think of leaving him,' said nurse, with her eyebrows working as usual and a mocking smile about her lips. ' Too much talk ; doctor nob pleased.' 'Bub if I promise nob to talk. I shall nob talk. You don't waut to talk, do you, Charlie?' Charlie launched a missile ab her in his in gratitude over his shoulder. ' Nob with you,' be said. 'You hear,' cried Bee, now intent upon gaining the point and terrified leefc other visitors might arrive before this matter was decided. 'We shall not balk, and I will do all you tell me, Oh, only tell me what I am bo do.' ' Nothing to do,' said the nurse, 'not for the next hour, nothing but keep him quiet. Well, if you think you can undertake that just for half an hour ? ' ' I will — I will — for as long as you please,' cried Bee. It was better, indeed, if there must be this interview with Laura, that there should be as few spectators as possible. She hurried the woman away with eagerness, though she had been alarmed ab the first suggestion. But when she was alone with him and nobody to stand by her, thinking at every sound she heard that this was the dreaded arrival, Bee crept close to him with the sudden panio of terror and dismay. ' Oh, Charlie, don't listen to her ; don'b be lieve her ; ob, don'b be led astray by her again. I have done what you told me, but I oughtn't to have done ib. Oh, Charlie, stand fast, whatever she says, and don't be led astray by her again.' The only sign of Charlie's gratitude thab Bee received was to be hastily pushed away by his shoulder. ' You libtle fool, what do you know about it?' her brother said. (To be continued. J 