AiY ENIGMA INDEED. WAS IT THE UAUY’S OIIOST ? In Good Words Mr W. Cmiton published a very remarkable article made up of extracts from letters of a friend now dead. This friend lost his first child when she was six weeks old, just before the death of his first wife. He married again and had another little daughter, who lived to he three years and then died. The curious thing about this child was that she always insisted that she had a little baby as a plaything. Her father wrote:— Lately she had taken to nursing an invisible “ iccle gaal ” (little girl) whom she wheels about in her toy perambu lator, puts carefully to bed, and generally makes much of. This is—“Yourn iccle baby, pappa, old man !” if you please. When I sit down this accession to the family is manifest to her on my right knee : and she sits on my left and calls it a “ nice lovely iccle thing. When she goes to bed, and when she has been tucked in, she makes place for “ yourn iccle baby,” which, of course I have to give her with due care. It is very odd to see her put her hands together for it, palms upwards, and to hear her .assurance, “ I not let her fall, pappa.” At first they did not think much of this fancy of hers, but her persistence in the reality of this child made some impression upon their minds, as will be seen by the following extract; but it was not until the little girl herself died that he father saw the spirit form of his first-born lying by the side of his dying daughter:— “ I told you about her invisible play mate. Both N. (his wife) and I have been wondering whether the child is only what is called making-believe, or whether she really sees anything. “ If I rest my foot on my right knee to unlace my boot, she pulls my foot away —‘ Pappa, you put yourn foot on yourn iccle baby.’ She won’t sit on my right knee at all until I have pretended to transfer the playmate to the other. “ My poor darling is dead ! I hardly know whether I am myself alive. Hall of my individuality has left me. I do not know myself. “ Can you believe this 1 / cannot; and yet I saw it. A little while before she died I heard her speaking in an almost inaudible whisper. I kelt down and, leaned over her. She looked curiously at me and said faintly, ‘ Pappa l npt let Her tall. ‘ Who, dearie t ‘Yourn iccle baby. I gotten her in here.’ She moved her wasted little hand as if to lift a fold of the bed clothes. f raised them gently for her, anebshe smiled like her old self. How can I tell the rest ? “ Close beside her lay that other little one, with its white worn face and its poor arms crossed in that old womanish fashion in front of her. Its large, suffering eyes looked for a moment into mine, and then my head seemed filled with mist and my ears buzzed. “ / sau) that. It was not hallucination. It was there. “just think what it means if that actually happened. Think what must have been going on in the past, and I never new. I remember, now, she never called it ‘ mamma’s baby it was always ‘ yourn.’ Think of the future now that they are both—what ? Gone ? “ If it actually happened ! I saw it. I am sane, strong, in sound health. I saw it—sai« it—do you undertsand ? And yet how incredible it is!” Incredible indeed nust people will think it, but the effect of that weird vision seems very blessed to him. Holloway’s Ointment and Hills.— Thc.se remedies arc unequalled throughout the world for ba<r legs, wounds, foul tores, had breasts, and ulcers. Used according to direc tions given with them there is no wound, had legs, or ulcerous sore, however obstinate or long standing, but will yield to their healing and curative properties, Many poor sufferers who have been patients in the Urge hospitals under the care of eminent surgeons, and have derived little or no benefit from their treatment, have been thoroughly cured by Holloway’s Oint ment and l’ills. For glandular swellings, tumours, piles, and diseases rr*Vskin there is nothing that can be used with much benefit. In fact, in the worst form of disease, dependent upon the condition of the blood these medicines, used coijointly, are irresistible. 