(Eitiltong Column. AN ADVENTURE WITH AN ALBATROSS. [By A. JONES.] Captain Bart, of the steamship Mariposa, sailing between San Francisco and Australia, was formerly a wealthy young man, who went to sea because be loved life on the water. He was asked by a passenger on one of tbe MaripoFa's trips to tell how he came to adopt a seafaring life, and to relate his most thrilling adventure. Here is his story :— " 1 was 24 years old when I left Harvard, having graduated well up in my class. I had come into possession of the propetty left to me by my father in that year, and, as my mother had also died, and my sisters had married, I determined to spend a few years in travel. I went to I< urope and South Africa, returning to London the same year. Clark SuBBell's sea stories had always interested me greatly, and I made up my mind to rough it on a trip to Australia in a clipper ship. I tried to engage a cabin paesage in the J osephine, then one of the largest sailing-ships afloat; but old Cap- j tain Hardy, whom everybody called ' the bear' j because be was so rough and brusque, refused with many an oath, saying he didn't keep any blankety blank hotel, and no man could sail on his snip without Bigning articles and doing his proper amount of work. Of course I knew a ship as well as I knew a house, and I decided to go on tbe Josephine before the mast just for ' the fun of it. I saw a twinkle in tbe old captain's eye as I signed the usual articles for the voyage to Sydney, New South Wales. He Bimply remarked, however,' You're big enough | to do your share of the work.' j "I procured a regular outfit, sent my kit on board, and took my place among the crew. I found friends in tbe forecastle at once, for I assumed no airs, acted just as everybody else did, and studiously minded my own business. In spite of my discretion, though, I made some enemies. One of them was in the same watch with me. His name was Norris, and he claimed to be an Englishman, but he spoke with a slightly foreign accent, and was dark enough to be taken for a Portuguese or a Spaniard. I disliked him from the first, and he evidently had as little regard for me as I had for him. < He insulted me one day in the forecastle during our watch below, and I struck him a blow under the ear that put him to sleep very effectually. He waB unconscious for two hours, and I was really afraid that he was done for. He regained consciousness finally, and after that timedid not in any way.interfere with me. When we were aloft sometimes, however, I could see him eyeing me sharply, and was satisfied that he was contemplating some sort of treachery. I said nothing, but tried always to keep my eyes in his direction. "We had a fairly good voyage until we struck some extremely rough weather off Cape Horn. For two days we ran under close reefs with the wind abeam, and then the gale became eo violent that we had to heave to to weather it. On the fourth day of the storm the wind moderated, and Captain Hardy ordered us aloft to Bhake out the lower reefs. We had resumed onr course, and were booming along at about ten knots. "Although the wind had moderated considerably the sky was a dark grey all around with clouds of a deeper hue, almost bluish, in the south-eaet. It looked to me like more heavy weather, and I doubted the wisdom of shaking out any of tbe reefs. Norris and I were on tbe mamroyalyard when a heavy puff of wind struck the ship and threw her almost upon her beam ends. As I stood on the footrope with my arms over the yard, the heavy piece of timber was almost perpendicular, and I had to ding hard with handB and feet to keep from going over. Another lurch came when I was resting my whole weight on the footrope. The rope suddenly arted, and I felt myBelf falling. Instinctively ? flung out my arms to grasp something, but my head struck the to'gallant yard, and over I went into the sea. I remember hearing a cry of 'man overboard' from the deck, and must then have become unconscious for a time. I next found myself struggling among the tremendous waves. As I rose upon the crest of each big sea I caught a glimpse of the ship, and as she was still standing on her course I knew that I was left to my fate. I was not excited in the IeaBt by my position. I fully expected to drown, but I made up my mind to fight as long as I oould. I was and am a strong swimmer, and I hoped to be able to keep afloat until I could find some spar or bits of wreckage to sustain me. Meanwhile, I made as little exertion as was necessary, so as to preserve my strength. The water was very cold, and I knew that no man's powers of endurance, however great they might be, could be equal to any prolonged struggle with such elements. " I expected no relief from the Josephine. A small boat could not have been launched in such a eea, and I calculated correctly that Captain Hardy did not put the ship about, because he did not believe that any man oould live for five minutes among such waves as had been breaking over the ship. "I must have been in the water an hour, and it was then about noon, when I espied a piece of a vessel's hatch about twenty yards away in then same swimming. trough of I the was waves quickly in becoming which I was exhausted, but I made for that little raft with all of my remaining strength. I was engulfed by the waves a hundred times. Scores of times great seas broke over me and sent me down far below the surface. I managed to struggle to the surface many times just soon enough to keep from drowning. At last I reached the hatch, grasped a protruding spike, and rested a while before I had strength enough to raise myself upon the half submerged raft. There was a bit of rope trailing in the water, with which I lashed myself fast to the hatch to keep from being washed off into the sea. " I think I must have Blept for a time in spite of the cojd. At any rate I remember that the sea became suddenly much calmer, the wind having died away to a simple breeze. As night came on a feeling of indescribable loneliness took possession of me, which was intensified when X saw that the albatrosses had sighted me. A man who clings to a spar In the waters about Cape Horn has more to fear from the ' giant birds of the air than from the monsters : of the deep. The night was a very long one. When I was not dozing I was looking out over the waves in search of a vessel's lights. None came into view, and the day broke cold and . cheerless. When the sun came up I thought I descried land off to the north- west. It was only a faint line, and I was not sure whether it was land or a bank of clouds. I prayed that it might be land, and I felt more cheerful when I saw that a current I was carrying me to the northward. I was I very hungry, and I knew that if I did not reach land or was not picked up that I would be at liberty to chooBe death from either star- ' vation or drowning. I didn't count on another danger, which turned out to be greater even than the others—the birds. Soon after sunrise I saw a number of great albatrosses sailing through the air far overhead. One by one they oame lower, and I watohed them with intense admiration. Not onoe did I see an albatross flap a wing. They rose high into the air and swooped down low, turning their immense wings from side to side to direct their course, but never appearing to use the slightest exertion. They were like ships of the air, using their wings as sails, and with a perfest knowledge of tacking, gybing, and the like. They went to windward and before the wind with equal facility. In my admiration for the great creatures I lost sight of the fact, even if I had realized it, that they were a more serious source of danger than the waves. { "Nearer and nearer they came, and I oould see their cold, staring eyes regarding me with something in their expression that made me shiver. Even then I did not appreciate my danger. One of them swirled past meBO cloBe that I was fanned by tbe air he had disturbed, i It was not till another had made a vicious jab ! at me with his beak as be swooped by that I began to understand tbe horrors of my posi- ! tion, I had no weapon but a jackknife, which ' I opened, and with which I prepared to defend : myself. I had been lying down all this time, • but I now sat up, and made ready for the ' attack that I felt sure would come. It was not long delayed. First one albatross and then ' another flew at me, picking at my eyes and ; face. I slashed right and left with my knife, j screaming the while in the hope of scaring I tbe vicious things away. I must have wounded j several, but they came at me again and again, each time more savagely. Occasionally, in ; spite of all that I could do, one would fasten j his beak into my flesh and tear a piece away. | My face became frightfully laoerated, and I j was soon covered with the blood that flowed j from my wounds. "I was on the verge of fainting when I i heard a shout near at hand. Turning I saw a boat closely approaching, manned by a crew ', of rough looking natives. I had been so ; absorbed in my fight with the birds that I had not observed how closely to the land I had drifted, and that a boat was coming to my ; rescue. I was taken on board, and was glad to see that the birds had given up the fight. They made a few wide circles around the boat and then sailed away to the westward. " The natives spoke a Spanish dialect, which I could only slightly understand, but from it I gathered that they were Terra del Fuegans, and that I waa being taken ashore. I did not like their looks, and was almost inclined to think that it would have been better to have let myself down. I was now very weak and iU, and when we landed they bad to carry me ashore. I was taken to a hut where my wounds were dressed by an old woman, who waB not at all a bad surgeon, and, after having eaten a little, I was laid upon a mattress, where I slept soundly for several hours. An attack of fever followed, and it was nearly a month before I was able to walk. I must have been well nursed, for there were no medicines there. I had a little money in my belt, all of which I gave to my rescuers, making them understand, however, that 1 wanted them to take me to sea every day in a boat until I could hail a ship. They did so, and in a week I had caught a vessel bound for Sydney. Whatever can be said of the Terra del Fuegans by other unfortunate travellers, I must admit that they treated ine well, " At Sydney Iran across Norris, who acted as if he had seen a ghost. He shivered and shook with fear, and I taxed him with cutting tbe rope. He admitted it, and begged for mercy." 