STEAD'S SPIRIT WKITING U0SB SPOOK ST0EIES, The Ghosts go in for Journalism-. The Enterprising Journalist's Latest Sensation. To an interviewer from the Christian Commonwealth Mr. \Y. T. Stead has im parted some very wonderful experiences in regard to what may bo termed spiritualistic telegraphy : — " To begin at tho beginning, I may say I am absolutely certain, having verified it over and over again, that it is possiblo for some of my friends to use my hand as their own, they boing at a distance from me. That is to say, a friend of mine at Newcastle is quite capable of using my hand hero in London, and writing u message, long or short, hy tho mere action of his mind upon my hand, without any telegrapl) or connecting wire. This, as you will remember, is alluded to in my Christ mas Number in the sceno on tho iceberg." a curious incident, "I remember. Could you give mo a de monstration—now — on the spot ? " " I will try. I often receive communica tions from 'my secretary in tho way I have described. ' If she is late in coming sha will tell me tho reason why, and suy when I am to expect her. She ought to liuvo been here an hour ago, so I will just sit down and question her when she is com ing." Suiting t'ne action to tho word. Mr. Stead roso from his seat opposite me, took his own seat in front of his desk, where I had been sitting, took pen iu hand and touched a sheet of paper with its point. I noticed that neither his fingers nor auy part of his hand or arm rested on the table, the only point of contact being where tho pen touched the paper. The pen began writing, but of course I could not Bee what. As he finished the last word tile door opened and the secretary presented herself. I looked to see what Mr. Stead's hand had written. It was the secretary's initials, followed by the words, "I am here." telegraphed from a .moving train. " Some months ago I was at Redcar, in the North of England. A foreign lady, who does some work for the Review, had to nieot nVe at Redcar railway station about 3 o'clock. I was staying with my brother, who lives about 10 miuutes' walk from tho railway station. At twenty minutes to 3 it occurred to me that ' about 3,' the phrase used in her letter, might mean somo time before 3, and ns I could not lay my hand upon a time-table I simply asked her to uae my hand aud tell me what time the train was due. This, I may say, was done without any previous communication with her upon the subject. She immediately wrote her name, and said tbe train was due at Redcar Station at ten minutes to 3. I saw that I should have to loave at once, but before starting I asked her where she was at that moment. My hand wrote, 'I am in tho train at Middles brough Railway Station, on my way from Hartlepool to Redcar.' I then went off to the station. On arriving thero 1 went up to the time-table to see when the train was due. It was timed co arrive at 2.52. Tho train, however, wus late; 3 o'clock camo and it had not arrived. At five minutes past 3, getting rather anxious, I took a slip of paper from my pocket, and taking pencil in my hand asked her where she was. At that moment she wrote her name (they always write their names at the beginning aud eud of each communica tion) and said, I am in the train, round ing the curve before you como to the Redcar Station ; I will bo with you in a minute. ' Why the mischief have you been so late?' I mentally asked. My hand wrote, ' We were detained at Middlesbrough for so long ; I do not brfow why.' I put tho paper iu my pocket, walked to the end of the plat form, and there was the traiu 1 Tho moment it stopped I went up to my friend and said to her, ' How late you are ; what on earth has boon the matter ?' ' I do not know,' she said. ' The train stopped so long at. Middles brough ; it seemed as if it never would start.' I then showed her what my hand had written." " Was that lady conscious of having corresponded with you in this mysterious way?" "No, she had no knowledge whatever that she was writing with my hand, aud she was considerably amazed at finding that she had done so. I had only seen her once be fore in my life. I give that instance because it is very simple aud compact, and can be verified by reference to the lady in ques tion, whose addreBS I can give you if you like." the cable superseded. " Have you attempted communication at longer distances ?" " Oil, yes. For instance, I tried it with my eldest boy when he was on the Rhine last summer. Ho wrote, using my hand, twice or thrice quito correctly, but once the message got all wrong. The boys had a kodak with them, and, as usually happens, they ran short of plates and wrote home iu the ordinary way by letter, asking for more to be sent. The ulates were dulv de- spatched, and ought to have been received when my son wrote with my hand saying that they were impatiently waiting for those plates, that they had used up all their plates, and they could not go on photographing unless fresh plates were sent. 1 at occe made inquiries, and ascertained that the plates had been duly despatched. A day or two later he again wroto with my hand, asking, ' Why du you not send those plates ?' I again inquired, aud found that there was no doubt about their having been sent off nearly a week previous. Thereupon I thought my hand was writing wrongly, and I did not let it write any more from him. But when the boy returned I found . to my surprise that the plates had never been received. His com plaints, written with my hand at Wimble don, were an accurato representation of the state of his mind at Boppard. Some of my friends have written at distances of 300 miles long narratives of journeys which they had taken, mentioning tho trains by whinh fchftv went n.nrl nn.m#» thn mnnov thnv paid for their tickets, tho cost of their dinner at the hotel ; in short, giving a mul titude of minute details which it was abso lutely impassible for mo to have divined." a useful tip from " julia." Another of Mr. Stead's stories was the following of a communication from the lady (dead a twelvemonth since) who figures iu his Chrismas otocy as "Julia " "I was going down to Preston one day to see tho trial of a Feistcr printing machine which I hoped some day might print a daily paper for me. I loft homo on August 18 last with the intention of going to Preston in tho afternoon to see tho trial of the machine on the morning of August 19\. Tho owner of the machine had gone down a day or two before to arrange for a trial of the machine on August 19 before tho chairman of his American board. When I left homo I told mv wife that I shnitld nm be back till tho next day. On arriving at the office at 10 o'clock, my hand, in the prescnco of my 'secretary, wrote this " As ho spoke, Mr. Stead look down a sub stantial diary, turned to August 18, and read oil the following entry, I following tho words with my eye whilst I took them down in shorthund. The writing was rather straggley, though not large, sloping backwards, tho words all being joined together and with little or no space between. It reminded me of tho work I havo seen turned out byzbe electric tele graph. Here is the " ifvessago " from "Julia" : — "I waut to tell you that things aro not going quito right about tho morning paper. You will not go to Preston to-day ; the machino will not go right, nnd B — — (owner of tho machine) is in a state of frenzy. . . , Tho niachiue waH tried on Wednesday (the praviouB day) and when it was working some thing broke, which will have to be mended, and tho trial which you expected to-morrow will not bo possible.- B is at the Metropole ; you can telephone him, and he will tell you that things are so. I am quite sure that you will not go to Preston to-night. I do not want you to be disheartened about that machine ; it is u good machine, but tho delay will give you time to go to America, and that will be excellent for both you and M " " On receiving that message, which," said Mr. Stead, " I did not expect in the lenst, for I had no reason whatever to believe that anything had cono wrong with tho machine, I telephoned to the Metropole, and I found that Mr. B was there. I had expected ho would bo at Preston. Ho came round in tho afternoon looking haggard and ill. I asked him what waB the matter. He Baid that his head was bad, and that the worry ho had about that machine was enough to kill him. 1 said, 'What is the matter?' 'Well,' said he, 'yesterday, you know, I had the chairman of onr American board there, and that machine no sooner got started than two of the springs broke which clip the paper and carry it round tho cylinder. The result wus that the trial could not go on. I was so put out that I was physically sick, and my head is bad yet.' 'Then,' said I, 'what about going down to Preston to- night, Mr. B— — ?' ' Oh,' he said, ' it is no ase yoa going dawn to-night ; the machino will havo to be repaired.' I then smiled and said, 'I knew all that before you came,' and produced tho journal which I have just shown you, and read tho message which had been written with my hand at 10 o'clock that morning." "And you had absolutely no other com munication about the machino than that from 'Julia,' nnd until yon received her message you fully intended going to Preston and had r,o suspicion that Mr. B waB at tho Metropole ; and yon did not go to Pres ton, but went home?" "I had absolutely no other communica tion, and the message from 'Julia ' changed all my plans. Thus I know that an intelli gence which is not my own, mind, is able to and does occasionally communicate things to me of which I know nothing. That is a verified and verifiable fact." So far bo good. These spiritualistic speci mens of writing, however, bear a striking similarity, and if Mr. Stead's stylo (such as it is) is studied closely it may possibly bo discovered that the " spirits " have a habit of copying it. 