"FAIRY QUEEJM." ' "OR, Love Will Find the Way. '.CHAPTER XVI.- ONCE MORE THE ROSE OF HATPIN ESS '. HAS WITHERED." " Life's rose of sweetness " 'Now withers in its pride, Hope's bright completeness : Clouds of sorrow hide." It was Irene "Le>lie "who pushed the. door " open in snch a rude mauner, startling Qaeenie a9 she stood dressed in her bridal robes, and her reasons for so doing were t -known only to herself _ - Her wicked, revengeful spirit could not \- contain 'itself, "so eager was she to witness V tho disgrace and- exposure of her beautiful rival, and patience was an unknown word to her. . How yori startled we, Irene!" the. young girl saidj'irfa ti-ernbling voice, her heart throbbing! wildly. " 1 — 1 did not'kuowwhat had happened." t Alas ! poor Qrieenie 1 For the first, time she had betrayed- herself, and into the black eyes watching her there flashed a gleam .of triumph, and with a sneering laugh she said, meaningly-: " Why, what did yon suppose had hap pened?- ' Surely. von do not expect anything unpleasant to happen on your wedding-day ? With such an indulgent father arid a.de- 1 voted lover, life holds nothing bnt sweetness for yon." Queenie shnddered as she listened to the mocking words, "for there was a menace in ' that' voire that she had not heard before, and / ri 'chill struck to her ' heart, but why, -she ' could not say."- - She was qbout to answer her but just at that msmeut the balf-dozen bridesmaids, all ' young :girls about Queenie's age, - came fluttering into the room like a -flock sf gay-: plumnged birds?. rind she knew tlien that in' a few moments sheVonld stand beside her lover, and listen to the solemn words that inade them one forever. Word came' to her thai the bridegroom was waiting for her, and with a throb of joy at her heart she went ont into' the great, flovrer- deck'ed hall to join him. Yes, there lie was, handsome and im patient. his dear face wearing an anxious expression, which gave place to a happy smile when his eyes rested upon the vision of loveliness half hidden by the. misty, veil, and he started forward, his lips trembling with the wordsrif love that burned them. She was conscious of placing her hand upon his arm, of hearing the low. sw'eel strain of the wedding-march, and to the hour of her death she remembered the perfume of th<= orange-blossoms that she wore. Ah 1 what rapture, what heavenly happi ness it must be when a bride stands at the altar with the one to whom she has given her pure love, knowing that henceforth their lives are as one. No more doubts, no more fears. , Never again while life lasts can the same holy feelings fill her heart. Never again snail she live for herself alone, forno v her idol is her life, her all. Those were some of the sacred thoughts that filled Queenie's mind as she stood there, her hand clasped within hcrlover's, listening to the words spoken by the man of God Once she raised her eyes, and her glance fell upon the proud and haughty face of Harry's mother, the ne who had driven her away with hitter falsehood, and she half smiled, wondering what she would say if she wereto know that the girl whose face was almost hi-ffien by the folds of the bridal-veil, was that of the penniless girl she had scorned. Oh. the scent of orange-blossoms, the low throb of the orchestra concealed behind a grove ot tall palms and feathery ferns 1. Never could she forget them. And as she ' felt the warm clasp of her beloved's fingers, a thrill of deligh t. went through her. But what was the meaning of that wild commotion at the end of the long room. "Who was that tall, dark-faced woman that she dared force her way into that gathering of beauty an' brilliancy and disturb the sacred silence that brooded over all, broken only by tbe words of the marriage service ? Wbo was she that she was bold enough to pause before the young pair and cry out in a clear.- ringing voice : " Stop ! I forbid this marriage to go on 1" Tf a thunderbolt had fallen in the midst of that bejewelled throng they would not have been one half so amazed as they were at sight of that tall, sombre-robed woman, whose dark, evil face gleamed with revenge ful satisfaction. People stared into each other's faces, too thoroughly surprised and astounded to speak ; the white- haired- old minister pansed in the -middle of the ceremony, and looked first -from one to the other in wonder-and dismay. The pretty bridesmaids gasped in chorus, and the lovely face of the bride beneath her veil bad grown ashen white, for she knew that her day of happiness was at an end. She was the only one-' as yet who had obtained a/good, square look at the intruder.- and the'bridegroom, a frown' black as mid-' nigbt darkening his brow, cried out : " The woman is a raving maniac ! Let someone arrest her, for she hassurely escaped from some asylum !" A-burst. of mocking laughter rang-through the crowded room." and stepping forward so that. Bhe 6tood facing him, she removed her bonnet and long, flowing black veil arid cried in triumph: - " Now do you kriow' me. Harry 'Holley'?" He=staggere«'."hack, his face grew deathly pale, and he faltered hoarsely : "Madame -Vayne ! Yon here? What -in Heaven's name do "you mean ? Speak, woman, and, tell me what brings. yon here on this, my wedding day ?" "I am -here to tell you and the others whom the has deceived and been a living lie to, that the girl yon stand beside is a-, im- postor- arid -not :Lucile /Leslie, ;the heiress 1" she answered in a loud, - clear voice ' that could, be "heard throughout" the room. " Woman, you lie 1" These three words cut the air like a sharp, flash of lightning that- rends asunder the inky sky' before a tempest of wind and rain. They came from the lips of. Colonel Leslie, and with -<riiq swift stride he was at 'Madame Yayne'-s side", his. eyes "flashing, his 'breast heavirig iribnger,/ :Ile had just reached forth . one hand to'grasp her by the aTm, when she. turned suddehly and faced him. You J ' he gasped hoarsely. " You 1" _ \- .Ob, -what a -change had come over himl Twenty years seeriied .to have been added to his age since he looked into her face. His "cheeks were drawn and sunken,, his. eyes staring in horror as if he had suddenly be1 held a ghost. -His hands shook and shivered like-an old feeble man's, and he did not look like the - handsome,-, distinguished Colonel Leslie, always so calm and self-composed. Madame Vayne faced him, cool and de fiant. Her thin lips were curled in a mock- ing smile, and an. ugly sneer distorted her once handsome features. " Yes, Colonel - Leslie, it is .1 1" and fold ing her arihs, across her breast Fhe ritooj waiting for bim to speak. "My God!" groaned the stricken man, forgetful alike of the wondering throng : . -or nd him. watching him with curious eyes, and the young girl whose white, set face of agony the angels must- pity. "What are yon , doing here ?" ' "I am here to tell you in time that the scheming girl yon believe to be- your daughter is not your child, but a poor and nameless orphan that I cared for and gave a home to for years 1 Her rightful name is Queenie Meredith. Your own child was drowned while talking with this schemer xipon the deck of the doomed boat on which they both were passengers, and this girl took her place. I know, for I was on board that same steamer, and 1 witnessed it all. Ask her, and see if she dares deny it !" A groan of more than mortal agony burst from Colonel Leslie's lips, and he staggered and would have fallen had not Harry Holley caught him and steadied him while he cried : " Be calm, Colonel Leslie, I beg of yon. There is some fatal mistake. Let Lucile speak for herself 1" And turning to the girl he said im ploringly : " Lucile, my darling, speak, for mercy s sake, speak at once and tell your father that it is false 1 Tell him that it is all a fearful mistake, dearest, for this suspense is driving ns both mad ! Darling, speak to me, and I will -believe you against ih& whole world I" \- »;Jo the last hour of her life Queenie never for/rot the pleading and entreaty in his dear, riark eyes, and,. oh,. how she. loved him at that, moment when he said. that he would believe her against the whole world 1 How hard it was for her to stand before him, -and, gazing into his beloved face, fitter the words that she knew would- separate them for ever. But not fqr a single moment did-, she falter. It never occurred to her to spea a falsehood, although he would have believed her, as he said, against the world. . i "Why are you silent,- /dearest ?.". he im plored, his' face white and set. " Ob, Lucile, my darling one. speak and tell me it :is false 1" " It is too true, Harry," she said pimply, and the ring-of pa.tience:;and submission in- her sweet voice touched ' the hearts of '/rill' present. "It- is- 'rue that I am not Lucile- Leslie. Madame Vayne speaks the-truth:": A gasp of horrijr ran through -that vast assembly, and with a groan the fond - lover reeled, and then staggered backward, cover ing his face with both hands. i It was then that Colonel Leslie; remem bered tbat he was not alone, and, raising his haggard face with its bloodshot eyes; he said in a hoarse, unnatural voice : " Friends, a deep trouble has fallen npon mc, and I trust you will pardon me if I ask you to leave me alone. You see that this wedding cannot go on." No one uttered a word, but one by one the guests all slipped away until only those whp were concerned in the sorrowful tragedy re mained. The stricken young lover remained, with his face hidden in his hands until his mother started forward/ and, laying one hand upon his arm, said harshly : . 1 . ' Come with me, Harry. Surely, yon do 'not wish to remain longer in the same rootn with that base creaturo 1" " Hush, mother !"' -he cried, casting a.look of love. and grief npon the beautiful girl who stood pale but calm before her accuser, " hush, mother, for I love hen.-!" .T " Madam I"— it was Colonel Lcslie's'vnice, stern and severe, that spoke—" madam, be kind enough to remember' that this young girl, .although she may have sinned, is beneath my roof and under' my protection while she is here." How Queenie's; heart thrilled when she heard Harry Holley say that be loved her, and then in tbc next moment she knew that it was useless, for she could never hope to be anything to him now. The moon had arisen, and its pallid beam's creeping in at the window where she was standing threw long, slanting rays of light across her lovely face, and, as she witnessed its glory, she whispered sadly to herself : " Once more the rose of happiness has withered as; my hands were about to pluck it— once more my star of hope has set for ever behind; the clouds of sorrow." ; Alas ! poor Queenie. It was too true. CHAPTER XVIL " FAREWELL FOREVER ! I GO OUT OF YOUR LIFE." " My soul nor deigns nor dares complain, - Though grief and passion there rebel ; , I only know we loved irijjwh, 1 only feel — farewell, farewell !" The silvery rays of moonlSfehevcr shone upon a sadder group than thai gathered in the long, flower-scented drawing-room which only a few moments before had been the scene of so much beauty and brightness. Surely the angels up in Heaven must have pitied poor, heart-sick little Queenie, who had suffered enough. And yet, God help her, the worst has yet to come. With a groan of anguish Colonel Leslie stepped forward, and laying one hand heavily upon the fair, round arm, said hoarsely : " Lucile — for I must call yon bythatname until I hear from your own lips that yori have no right to it — Lficile, my child, tell me, are you indeed Queenie Meredith as this — this woman declares you to be ?" She raised her beautiful, clear eyes to his face, and, without the faintest suspicion of a tremor in her voice, answered : " Papa, forgive me, it is true. I am indeed; hapless Queenie Meredith, and -I have no. right to the name you have given me " " My God 1 to think that you are capable: of deceit and treachery!" he gasped, hisi voice hoarse with the bitterest agony that aj man ever endured. " You, whom I have loved and trusted ! You, whose face is asj pure and innocent as an angel's ! The) thought that youmre so unworthy will killi me 1" ! Those words stung her to the quick, and; starting eagerly forward, she cried : ; "Listen to me, and let me tell you all : in! the name of sweet pity listen, and then con-; -demn- me-if -you- will 1 I-know I deserve it ; I know that I have sinned. Bnt it is all. over now, aud -I will leave it forever ; but, oh, listen' to me ere you condemn me too, harshly 1" Her voice died away in a pitiful, sobbing cry, and she stretched- ont her trembling hands, that looked like snow-flakes beneath the pallid moonbeams. Bnt no one offered to take those poor little hands within their own, and warm -them again with love and sympathy. "You 'all believe me a base and vile schemer," she said, sorrowfully, choking back her sobs of anguish and despair. " But you do not know— yon cannot understand -how it all happened, and at times I cannot realize it myself." . ' Her pitiful cry -was unheeded, and -she went on : ' . "When I met Lucile Leslie that -night aboard the ill-fated steamer, I did not even dream of such a thing. : I -was /wretched and lonely ; my heart was breaking, and I about toiend all beneath :the waters -of the/river. She saw me there alone, and she noticed the grief that I tried in vain to hide, arid her tender heart longed to comfort me. She told me all about her own good fortune, and then she handed' me the loeket that con tained her mother's picture. I had just taken it into my hand when that awful crash came, and we went down, down beneath the cold waves — down to blackness and: dark ness 1" ' " When' I again opened my eyes I found myself in a strange room, with mfinytarqupd'' me, but after afew momerits it'seemadtorine as if I had always been .there— in "fact? it seemed like home, and yon' all know, that- it was brought about by the blow that Ireceived npon my head. When I recovered, and my mind again- became perfectly clear, my life was a torture from morning until night ; and, oh, how many times the words trembled upon my lips, and I was on the point of con fessing that it was a fatal mistake all the way through 1 And then a small voice whis- .pered to me that I was robbing no one, for the gitl who had been so kind to me was dead, and by taking her place 1 was bringing more happiness than I ever could by confess ing the troth. But no one knows what pangs of bitterness and remorse have -filled ray heart since that time. Perhaps there may come a day when some who are present may be tempted, and they may fall. Ah! how I have suffered 1 how I have suffered I She clasped her hands over her bosom, her lips quivering pitoously, her blue eyes filled with the hot tears cf sorrow and xegret, and as her glance fell upon her lover's hand- Bome face, she held out her hands . toward him, sobbing : " Harry dearest, look at me and say that you forgive me 1 1 have sinned, I know, but I love you so dearly that I cannot die with out your forgiveness 1 Speak to me just once and say that you forgive me, for you will have it to remember in the years to come, and you will look back and be glad that you granted my pleading! Ah, you wilt, you must 1" . She was very cloBe to him, and he could feel her fragrant breath fan his brow. He did not understand what she meant when she said that in the future he would be glad that he had been kind to her ; but if he had, how quickly would he have folded her in his arms and kissed away her tears. Oh, for sight to look beyond the mists of the future, and there read what fate holds for us all I He did not take those pleading hands reached out to him, for his heart grew hard and bitter toward her for one brief, fleeting moment, and he turned coldly away. He was very proud, and the thought that his beautiful one could stoop to utter afalse- hood and be a living lie cut his heart like the sharp thrust of a knife. But later on, when the feverish madness had passed, he loved her better than ever, anil most bitterly did he blame himself for his brfitality. . " I cannot believe it I" he answered with a .groan, turning away from the sweet plead ing face. " 1 cannot believe that you, the one true love of my life, can be guilty of deceit 'and treachery. . I would- far rather -have you fall dead in my arms at the- very alter, than have to live and know that the lips I have kissed so many times, dreaming that they were portals of truthfulness and honor, could utter a Ije 1 - Oh, how could you doit? How could you? Her own face had grown deathly white as she listens to the words that kill every spark of hope within her breast, and .she feels as if eve'ry-drop of blood in her body -has, gathered in one great mass of ice around her heart, freezing her life out forever/ Everything -grows dark before her, and in_ blank and. mute despair she whispers to herself that she 'must die. ' " Then you will ; not forgive -mo, Harry ? ',' she asks piteousljy "rind a heart of marble must have melted at the ring of agony in her voice. "You will not forgive, and yet an hour ago you said that yon loved me ! Oh, Harry, Harry, you whom 1 have loved better - than my own iife— can you call that true love? Can a true love be killed at a single blow!" I must be left alone aud think ! " he mut tered, in thick, muffled tones strangely unlike his usually rich, musical voice. " I- must, have time, for my brain seems on fire. Do not ask me to forgive you now, I may in. time, but not now — not now." An expression of deepest agony swept over, her lovely face — the hunted, wounded look of a deer who ha3 received its death-wound— and casting one parting glance at his hand some face, she walked quietly toward the door, both hands crossed meekly over,;.her bosom, Whispering softly to herself : ry; " Farewell forever ! I go out of your life, and I complain not-, but when forgiveuess comes it will be too late ! " She paused a moment as she passed Colonel Leslie, and looked into his face as if! to seek a tiny spark of pity, but the cold, stern ex pression she .saw there checked the- words that trembled upon her lips, and she left the' room 'In silence, knowing that she would never gaze upon the faces of any one there again. Poor little Queenie! her life was indeed a broken one! . Irene Leslie's black, evil eyes were fastened .upon the slender, white-robed figure, hatred and burning revenge gleaming in their dusky, depths, and unable to control herself longer, she darted forward, hissing in the young girl's ear: " So, my fair-beggar, yonr pretty game is blocked ! I knew you, Queenie Meredith, front the very instant I saw you, and all your innocent airs did not deceive me 1 You thought that once you were Harry Eolley's wife, all would be well, and he would cling to you forever in spite of the fact that you were a living lie ! But you are trapped at last, and the best thing for you to do, is to go at once to New York or some other large city, and follow up the profession for which you are so well fitted — either an actress or an adventuress ! Her eyes were blazing, and the words were hissed fiercely through lier set teeth. Her hot breath fanned Queenie's face like the blast from a fiery furnace. Queenie's only reply to the torrent of abuse, was a lingering look of sadness, and as she' went slowly up the broad, soft stairs, down which she had floated, looking like a fairy in her bridal-robes such a short time before, she said, sadly : "1 will not complain, for I deserve it all; but oh, Harry, your forgiveness will come too late!" (To be Continued). 