CHRIST HEALING the PARALYTIO. St. Jfaithew, chap. 9, versu 1-8. [coNcLUDED.] Now, had Christ been merely man-nay had a he have been one whit'inferior to God the Father and God the Holy Ghost-had there have been in Him any inequality-any inferi ority in power and Glory-these Scribes would have been right in their judgment; t their sin was that He had given them,.time I after time, ovilence-indubitable evidence of His JDeity by His wonderful works and Divine teachings-and that they possessed the most complete and intimate knowledge of the law and the prophets wherein His coming was foretold so plainly, all which pro. phesies were fully and exactly verified in Him. Were Christ in anywise inferior to the Father in the Supreme Dignity of His God head, He could not be our saviour-Oh I who can forgive our rins save the Supreme one against whom only we have sinned? Oh I who can redeem our souls from the pit of sin save our crucified God? And Jesus knowing their thoughts, said, ' Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts I' The thoughts of these men were evil, because they were those of on. belief-just as faith is thelpundation of grace,, so is unbelief the'deadilest sin., If there Is one truth more fully taught throughoutGod's word than any other it is this-that faith in Christ is all that is needed to save the soul that faith is the only condition to salvation ani that tihe continuance in that faith is the I only passport needed to the City of God. For whether,' s idd ('hrist to them, ' s easier to say, thy sins be forgiven thee, or to say arise and walk?' As the paralytic man had r faith it was easy for the Lord to ox-rei'o r his ivine prerogative and grant him abso. lution; and just as easy also, to restore him F to bodily health and strength. It is an easy r thing for Christ to do anything He will in the material universe-it isas easy for him to create a world as to mould a dewdrop. It would be an easy thing did He see fit for a Him to create a new Stellar system and people the now worlds with sentient beings but to save humanity was a hard task even for the omnipotent Christ-it caused Him the agony of Gothsemano-the Tragedy of Cal vary and a perpetual pleading for us within the Heavens-and to save the human soul a that is determined to resist His Grace is im possible even for Him who has all power on earth and in heaven. ' But that ye may that the Son of Man lath power on earth to forgive sins,' (thus saith he to the sick of the palsy) 'Arise, take up thy bed and go unto thy own house ; and he arose and departed to his house.' Our Lord by this outward and visible minr.cle gave the Scribes and the a people another opportunity of believing ia o Him-the forgiveness of the man's sins, though as real and of far greater moment 8 then the healing of his body, could not be r witnessed by the onlookers, but this raising , up and strengthening of the helpless man who had long been known to them as a hopeless I- paralytic was a sign from heaven they could l not fail to regard, though its teaching aq we shall see was wellnigh fruitless of spiritual Y ro'ult. Let us observe that the Lord here t gives himself the title of His humiliation S*' Eon of Man.' He does not call himself ' the Incarnate God,' but the Son of Man, thus d would lie lift up and dignify humanity rather g than glorify Himnself-and this miracle, like all those the Lord wrought, was complete and perfect - not only was the aan . restored to health, but his full strength was given him-strength sufficient to enable him to carry his couch away to his own i house. The Scribes would appear to have y ignored this miracle as they always did-they always resisted Christ-b?t the people mar velled, and though they also ascribed praise to n God it was only an epherial enthusiasm, for latoron the Lordupbraidedt Capernamnasone of the cities which repented, not though He had therein done so many wonderful works. d My friends, time fails for a fuller exposition o of the text, nor can we now consider fully the practical teaching it has for us. One Sthought only must suffice: This paralytic was brought to Christ by four of his friends, without whose aid he could not have come -they carried him in his couch up the 3\. stairway to the housetop, and taking off oe the tiles they let him down in front of the Saviour. It was by the assistance of these men that the sick of the y palsy was brought into the presence of n the Lord and obtained from Him the forgive nets of his sins and the restoration of his bodily strength. Christian men and women d -ever do as these men did-as you have , opportunity bring the sick and afflicted into the presence of Christ--in the arms of your faith by earnest prayer-by a solemn exhortation - by the rending of the word. The sufferer may be spiritually paralysed-let it be your blessed mission it thus to carry him to Christ. Wait not to it do this until all hope. is past and the death rattle sounds in the patient's throat, but let I your first care be to bring thesickfriend you e visit to Christ and thus help to prepare him 3f for death and eternity. It is to be feared many of us, professing Christians, put off this duty until it is too late, and that we in it visiting our sick friends speak of anything rather than of Christ and His Salvation thus we show ourselves to be ashamed of H- Him and of ills words- thus shall we be held i- in shame and contempt by Him in the last y day. Our great dramatist, in one of his plays, makes an ignorant and foolish woman who had attended Sir John Falstaff in his d lasthours, speak thus of thedeath of that pro. fane and evil-living man :-' He parted just between 12 and 1-even at the turning of the 05 tide-for after I saw him fumble with the , sheets and play with flowers, andsmile upon lhi fingers' cads, I know there was but one way- for his nose was as sharp as a pen, and he babbled of green-fields \- -how now Sir John, quoth I, 'be of good obeer I'-so he cried out, t 'God-I God God I' three or four times 'e but I to comfort him bid him he should not a think of God-I hopee there was no need to roSeble Minsclf wib k 7sa kuonl opghts yeos a Why none of us ever deal thus unfaithfully or -thus wickedly-with the sick and the dy. ing. What - noueed to think of God ? of Him in whom we live and move and have e our bein--of Him who in all time of our . health--n all time of our sickness as well as in the hour of death we should ever cleave closely unto-of Him in whom we should re always put our trust, and whom we should ,y ever supremely love ! Is there anyone here, now, who is suffering from spiritual paralysis e. -helpless in soul as this palsied man was in ip body I believe there isa not one suach-you Sall knew that the preaching this day would be of Christ-therefore some spark of faith n in him-some latent love to Bim--maust have te led you to come to this service -but, oh, it n may be that many of us have upon our soule the burden of unpardoned sin. For the for ir giveness of that sin the Lord will be en f treated by us, or he will not clear us. He is gave his absolution to the paralytic before a word was spoken-before a look was raised a- to Him, because the man was helpless, pal h sied, pat'alysed, hut from us he requires the prayer of faith--He asks for the outroing of our hearts to him in love-ere he will grant a, us his pardon. Being now in the immediate a presence of Christ who, according to Hia faithful promise, is at this moment in our midst, let each of us raise to Him this a prayer --'Have mercy upon me, O, Lord, andby the merit of thy Holy Cross and the virtue of the precious blood Thou didst shed t- thereon, blot out my transgressions.' Al ts mighty Christ, who alone hast the power to Is forgive sins, we beseech Thee to grant Thy to pardon now to each soul in Thy prenence g to each heart now speak thy word of peace: le 'Son,Daughter, thy sins be forgiven thee,' g and to Thee with the Father and the Holy 2 Ghost shall evermore be given our praise and thanegiring-Amen. 