The Doctor's Step-daughters. By C. Stafford, -5~--- CutrTEn II.- (Corz'v?an.) The rain was beating also on the win doe- of the consulting.-roon, snaking Clinton's dark face turn in that direction for a moment. The doctor, with his hands clasped behind, and swaying froml heel to toe, and front too to heel, as he talked, was standing before Clinton, ob. serving, didactically, as he looked np at his friend, "IM'y dear fellow, I own she is a nice child, but she is nothing elsa yet, in spite of her twenty-one years. Her refusal isn't worth two thoughts. Besides, man, shell hls a consanlptive tendency. I ant by tno means sure labont hler chest, istil you ilon't want ita ickly wife--yyou've had fyolr' share of ntlrsiig with your msother'. Look at the suatters with a clear besad, Clinton. She's a nice girl,hut she's mnot the safest investment possible its ia 'wife." Wtshatuever sort of head Clinton faced ilho affair with, he said nothing : lie was uot ta maul, ait iny time, given to lengthy explanations. He was a tall maul, with it deep, pleasant voice, who did not find 00o munlch space inl the silllil! roomsi for his large, easy way of moving. He half let drop and thou caught agsin a stick he carried, lmade it sign ill the direction of the upper part of the house, and asked, " Will she be at the Lavingtonas' to-night " The doctor expressed hinmself incoil petent to give a reliable answer. "All right," said Clilnto, putting his long legs in motion towards the dour. " You won't come oup, and--hl u-.s-face "'. out?" said the doctor. "No," said Clinton, shortly, as he 'tarried himself out. "'1'Ta.ta, Morris; glad you've crossed the Itubicon with ler, on your own account. 1Bad ten minutes, oil ?" Tile doctor gave sin indescribable sound in reply, Clinton passed out into the street, and the doctor turncd into his own premises Igain. The rain had stopped, and Clinton crossed the road under tile arch of at beiautiful rainbow. IIHe looked up at it, and' saw four girls at the window above also looking sip at it. His darkl eyes instantly singled out one face in the group. As if by some electric influence 'lle lowered her eyes at that moment, 'and met the glance, a flash of regretful meaning inl it, sninaging to imake itself understood by her. Clinton raised Iis "hat and passed on. ''imle turned rosy red, Frances put her lips close to Tina's car, whispering, " You do care for him.," .Tina shook iher head anrd turned away, " want it cup of tea-tea, not tnttssis, 'you know; it munstn't stand more than .two ninutes. I went into the drawing. room, bat found no one there." It was .the doctor who was speaking, coming ill Ssmiling and dclpper. Whatever was Ihis anger when he left Tins, there were no ssigns of it now, its lie perched himself oni a sealing-wax red milking.-tool in the neigllbourhood of a stand on which :was cake, ,c., and began to help hint. -self. -T. l'orwa he ee a nptlbbletblc flle i Iamongnt the girl'F,ilwanting to servco hinm atonce. u"Light the lamlp under the kettle. Where's the teapot dSusanl Ibrought up the blue one with the teat ready ill it," The doctor sat serene, in the middle of thile uiclhe. Tins was the only girl who did nothing, though the doctor nodded to hers in all exasperatingly friendly mannier. The commotion had raised Jack's -spirits to such an extent that straight w vay, if anybody else's voice was to be heiard, it wais necessar,? that Jack should .be submlitted to tho discipline of having it dark cloth thrown over Iis cage, and Tina oceupied herself witl this act of public benevolence. "Are you going with sme to the Lavinlgtons' to-night, or have I to carry your excusesP" asked tile doctor, looking across at hler alain. \- H low can I?" she asked, looking shyly roaid, "like thisP" 'I'ina's habit of violent crying, when 'the world was not going well, with its subsequent result of change in her ap. pleariance, was well known ln the house. hold. The doctor looked at her criti cally, butl chose to view the case favour. ably, and as no enlergency was over -known in which lhe did not suggest sosme' thing, Ihe now said, "Possibl1y a little ,rose-water, cold bathing, and judicious -,powdering might--" He did not finish, but raised his eyabrows in good. natured, silent questioning as to wllat she thought of his recipe. "I should, perha'lps, begin crying -gain if I went.' There was a chores of inpatient S011's 1" from.thlie others. The doctor 'felt,'from something in the air, that lihe was not, as lie put it, " going to have sany trouble with the rest; "a nrl,perlhalps, ,in proporltion, experienced all the more ,,1anni oyance with the member of Iis a'"miy who was neither entertained bIy, ar i s t present entertaining to, nny Iody.," Then I will certainly take carse you ire -not my fello..gueat," hle said, ""shuply, -in a :tone which broughblt. ai Scemhlseconce of 'the scene dowllstaihls, Tinhu was tired and unnervetd. In the hi our whilch lhad clapsed between the un. expected conversatlon ill whsich shle had hIearld tIllt Edmlunild Clinton lirsposedl to iuary liel', snnd that her stopI.father iropoisedL to marry the one girl in tlhe wllole town with whselo selo was on stirinsed i elations (above all thingsl , so it piesan you, over some dlslplto in coni Snoction with aIlong.panst church ai' a Insr), she had cried i)itterly-so Ibitte-ly that else wse perfectly exhausted. Fiances, Swhllo lIudlCeni out sllOlping,ilhad ]spIoenedi to coisso to T 'inls roosI, IntlIl hrlad lonld. \- lier there actively cllployed ill masilnsg iherself ill--n ud fli'lht. Frances, nfter -. having hlad tlhe whlole story sobobed out o hlier, Iald brougllt 'I'Tinhu dlownstairi's to irve hers nores cil mended by a cup of ,strong tea. The doctor, unfortnsastely, hauld coLe before the le is was coasplete, Ti'la blrolke down again, ehlspnlg her -nlstll ihands tragiiclly. and turing lherl ,estroasinLig face towards him, seo asked wildly, " What am I to do? " The doctor had, es hlns blco obslerved, a teslpe,' eonowllhre, tlhoughl it danl5 surpiprsissgly little to the 'suelfiice, It nos hunsched itself before tlhe public for the second thuo Sthast dly. lie took Isold of tlhe scarnlet legs of the nlilling.stool as ie sat on it, Iclllshg well forwalrd, with hIls teacup, \- -,.lIts own uialdedeoxertlons, iintalin-s \- lng i not very sesure blsance at the esid o if oskneso, whil lie he slowly ldropped out t aese wvords, with a distinotnescs which ' uoemed to add to their semi.brutality i ' "That is youra affair, You say you are -old enough to decide what you won'tdo •htoreforoyir aereol enoiugl, I should argue, to inake uei onai' mind i., regard to what you will do. Put an tcdrertiaceenlst in sole pal'ri for a post as governess-that is what I should advise. Some position in soiai household will turna up for you, no doubt." It was like a bombshell dropped in the place. Tihe doctor's quick cars cauIIlt five several gasps, and lie himuself brought Iis speech to a close with as sixth To say the least of it, any apartment in his house would, a(t hat th on lelnt, lhave been a more agreeablo spot to hinm than the one he was now in. Out of the tail of his eye lie saw the four girls he was not imnuediately addressing interchange a sort of "Cian I believe my cars?" glince, anod Frances and the Chinee at once proceed to fold themselves, an it were, round the irritatingly hysterical person to who hlie had spoken. If that gimerack stool undier him could at a thought have been turned into :t witch's broomsticek, the chimney would certainly have borrs in request as an outlet for an injusred step.father. Matters at this point, however, were made a little better by Frances's turningS her head rounid and olserving, in it loull whisper:" 'We none of is are liking its but if you will let us be, we shall ill come round. We will all tryf to do right." " She's not t ying to do right," said the doctor, not iable to dispose of his feeling of having been dealt with unjuistly at a moment's notice. "]I lHerltiiut has shown it i iserable amoullnt of lit- " " Littleness " was the word his short peroration had been meant to end with, but Frances startled hiim fromn finishing it by a shrill "Give overl" linishlihg her coumanutd by, "and be pleasant." The doctor was tickled-so much so, that he involuntarily obeyed by throw. ing his head back with a hearty laugh t laugh in which his ears tol hlim five listincet giggles joined. One even froml the cause of the distiurbanee, who, >wing to the other girls stcppming back, was revealed with ia rather damp hand. uerchief hell to her eyes, vwhile the month beneath had a three-cornered smile of fun. "I say, Clince,"-tlhe doctor clhansed the subject-" whatlt a smell of pantm there is in this room. Y'oo've boin whvlat you call , Aspinalling ' something gtgahi." "It is osly this," rel;urnead tllat young oildy, apologetically, exlibitingoas ivory whitfeo paper-basket, niot yet dry front its lIst coat of Aspitiull's senamel. "I alm going to put a rose-coloured silk hag ian it, witlh ivory-white iind rose.colour strings to draw up, and it will be lovely for the bazaar for the new mission-rooms on Carrington lBridge." 3azaaurs, unfortunately, were snot just then ia safe topic ; and, ias it occured to the doctor that lie might, perihaps, snow retire gracefully without the aid of the wishled-for broomistick, he emlptied his tle-cup, looked at his watch, and re markedl: "I have to call oil another patient before smy dinner- party. What do you say to driving with sme, Chince, ald lady ?I" CHAsPTER III. --WANTED, A SITUATION, By the tinme thall the doctor started for ethe Lavingtons, Thina, in the bosom of such fiamily is she possessed, was commencing operations in connectiona with adrertising for a sitiuation as a governess. The girls had beltaken them. selves to the draswing.roouu, by this time, and when the doctor looked iin there to say, jauntily, tlhat lie was " going," it struck Frances that he wasa arrying oust her instructions to be sleasnlt -v ltlh -plnfln I thorou ghllness; inti was seated at a quaint, in. r laid writing - table, which, some. how, in its severe daintiness of line, seeied to resemble herself. From the garden, alter the sumuner rain, there' was positively pouring into the roost the fr:tgranie of lignonette, honey. suckle, and the strong spiced scent of eorly-blooming tobacco-plants, which MI. liHansuon, the doctor's younug assist. nill, had " gone in for " in It bed imine. diately beneath the open drawing-room window. When the carriage.wheels of the xasperatilngly smiling doctor liad trundled up the street out of hearing, Tina begau isl ii semsi-angular hland. writing, very inileh lying on its back, S'or insoertuosn in ilhe hVeklUy Chroniicle," adding the date of the nexSt appearance of tilhe Tory papler in their contry town. Slhecomillntcetl proceedings just as she hald dloiine more than onlce wmhen aldverlisiing for a cook ore a housemaid to the doctor's household, only in this instancse sile useil a sheet of her very best noteplplr ; that unicl she felt dllo to herself, After this, with a beiautiful caligraphly, the precision of which also olffered her sone nlyoterious comfort, shie wrote : \VANTED, a Silintlon as- She had got so far when Frances looked over her shoulder and rirested hlerlhnd. Frances always was incorri. Bible iii the way of interfering. "That's not it," said Frances. '"I've been looking it up, and I see that's not the new-spaper way of wording it. 'Thley have a hleladling ' SITUATIoas WANTED, andtl then in the cohiuni beloet IGorer ncess requires Situntion,' so on, and so on. I've beels inslpeting the advertising sheet of 'he Ckriulins llorld." " That was verU good of yon, Frances," said Tins, slilghtly , surdonically, rather reseating the excessively prompt iand buasiess-lilte way it whlich Frances had risen to the ocension on sher-Tin's- - sccrunt. "Perhaps if you would tlink h instead of. look, you wvoild see thant I coldin't, with strict vercneity, advertise myself as a governess until l'vo beoon ose. Coi ldIP" FruanIces hlud a habit of becoming usoieontarily deal, bwhou any ronluslrc was mersl calculated to inoterrupt the strealil, or altor the course of a Ilow of cloquensce whlih she Ihad started. She weillt on with iinlsovilbla countanaaie behind the ostoitetiuoisly spread out Chrislinrs l'orHl. "Iote is one. Thiils hlow it reads. TOUNO Frenchl Protesinnt LADY .(brilliant aMusician), certfleroid, HInmburg, and spealing PIreAOIch anl ]EUgsIhi, desires OEEiN. GAUEMENT, "' 'lhen conies nothllers GOVIRNESS beeki IE.INdNOAOG MENITnu a school. glhullil, muesi asinglun anlhlar "Theh thoro'sanothe r: A 00VETINES'inu a family, by Youns tLady (20). Ceortllestd, Rllis, Ol e Fr lesh, msllo. dsrawlug, ind neodluowork,. "Thecn therel's--olh, no, lam loolting at the wriong coluunm somebody wlnts AMIIIY OOVBRNESSWYANTED (lonear Crys. til l'lhce). Thorough Enlllaih, Pruohi, nand Oserman, Iltualu (Theory), )rawug andl Plaintingl "Thant is how throeads," wene on Franues, calmly proceeding his a Itid of bhlnk.vr-so rihyltba of toUne whlschiwould haive bens eofective aut -i penny.read. ing, .A l GOVEIINESS, T?a yosrs' oxperleseuOln hlllSllBcooll o0 glis, lht'oshmobl-saths, drill, u -edl--: - -" - -h "G:raciouas!" c:ae a voice frotm a I idspoldenit-luoing Lein;lg s?aile On a hassock, with h er lihad's clisped round ,I-' knees, staring sympathetically with the famuily grey eves at an equally des pollndent-looking TinL. "Gracious ! you don't nleed to ibe slch a Inountain of accoulplishlents as all that, do yon ?" Pangles'-tho dispirited speaker's ,oice was tie x popull of that loeetiing The thought exprossed by poor Bangles had been occupying everybody con. corned. "No goverlness in this Ihouse thllat ever we had, I mean-was that kind of person," Bangles added, before relipsing into humiliated silence. Frances lowered the paper so as to show It culling fringo of hair, two straight eyebrows, and a pair of flaslingi eyes looking over at the low- spirited group. "Alh, tllhere it is," hile anid, "nobody's to blanne; but, you knlow, we never had good teaclhing. When poor anUllmma died, the doctor was so young that, for appearancells' sake, our gover. nesses were nice, elderly, inch-behlind. the-tilme individuals. The doctor's way. too, of testing their suitability was always to ansk thlen to' play solmethling,' don't you recollect? and we know lwhether lie was qualified to judge even of that accounplishmnent." Variolls smiles flitted over theo faces of the ladies of the doleful collntenances. Tile doctor had once publicly made a reinark which revealed the fact tlihat lie had mistaken the air and time of ' The Calphlells are Coming" for the tune with which thie words of '" Jerusalem, the Golden" are usually linked. "But what do you say to this?" added Frances, with a change of tone, and in air of hiaving reserved the best inforalntion to th l last, is lher faceo was again obscured behind the paper. -TANTIED, a younlg lady is Comlpanion Govor. o Is for a ittleHo girl. I'Plesnat Iiomeo. 1'. W., The Rosaries, Whiliotampto, Hereford. The Chinec was the one whilo took upon Iherself to lanswer. She had her "lpig. tail" drawn nll llldlr one armII a(nd, wih the waving unplaited quarlor.of-a.yard at thei cud, was gently flogging the toll rail of II chair, on which sloe was knlel.r ing with her face towards I he back. "It glrs. Vailn Wroxhl'eliL didl't live next door," she said. piitching high her girlish voico, "I shouhl think, perhlaps, she lhad gone to live at the Rosaries." (Mrs. Van WYrexhlln was a person possessed by it perpetially expressed desire not, to hurt anybody's feolings.) "It is the sort of thling she would say," finished Chince, "if she wanted an1 ulpper nllrse.' ''ina's face, whlich had brightened, lengthened again. If hrs. Vill WrVex hbam was altogether sentimental Tin was three.quarters so; tile rem-lning quarter of her composition was practi. cality itself; but qluality, however superline, ten, has, when opposed to so much quantity, to take it back seat, That tricksy magician, Iiaagination, had managed, ill tilhe second's pause, to call up before the three-quarters' lproportiol of that vitalised atom of the univerao, tiglIring under the name of Tina West, a vision of T'ina West herself, in her best white frock, nie:ilderillggraceflly inand ollt of i sort of ltbyrin th or mllaeeo if rose. trees (standards, we 111ay ention), lead. ing by the hanid an ngelic child. T'he rose gardoen, Imagination said, would adjoin the grounlids of an ancielnt nunnery, where ill the lioonlighll T'in might wa nder.(still in her white frock), her hands filled with roses, and hle eyes upraised to te 11100oo11 (prlentably the littlo girl hadl been lput to bed), aMn meet the ghosts of pale n11n1, also in white robes, pacing with silent trend tie ruitid aniles oft'helir old hdlome T'le hloneysuckle, luigllonette, and tobacco.1plants hiad been the faithlful henchmlen of Ima:lgination here. The stloung, pleasant scents hald thrown 0n amount of drealminess into tile air whllich it did tlhe girls some cledit to have yielded to so little. Perhalps the fact that both Frances and Chilne had slight cols had somethllillng to do with their slperior behaviour. chllince's observation appealed so keenly to the remaining quarter of Tina's compllosition that she explerionced t most painful revulsion of feeling. "Even if it wasn really a gov'el'ness who was wanted at tile 1losarmies," she said, with a new sense of enlightenmelnt upon the ques tion of hlerlsclf, "I should never teach well. I never could teach Chineo when I used to try." "Perhaps thla t was my fault," Chineo consoled hler. "No, it wasn't," suid Tina.; and Clliloo know, i he heheart, hat tlihe answer wils just. "DDo you know, I beliovo I could tench," broke in Frances, confidentially. " Whatever I do know, I wanlt thCer peo ple to know'; and 1 nsually llanugo to mllake thel se thlings. Tlhat's what the doctor calls 1y i' botherlig propensity.' I can't rest without trying to makeli themn see thiings." " No, you cin't," assented everybody, with not altogether pleasant meaiung. "It is i pity you weren't the one to got wrong with Miss Lavington,", said .Lxeelsior. "Wllat does it matter about that?" said Franclles, with a scentilng vagoueless whlicli turned out to be only seaccing lanter. "HIousekeeping} is moy strongest point," observed Thin, humbly, ns shel still sut lit lohr desk, nibbling the and of her penholder, and looking tragically hopeless. Good-night, dear lore, God keep thee in Ills earol Clinton was sitgllng it that momelt in tile Lavingtons' driltuig.room, with this hiopoloss- loolking person in this thoughts. My hands are caspon, my lneos are bowod in prayer, (So they woro, figurativcly) For then, dear lonve. God hoep lh0o his Ills ears. Good.nhglt, dear losare. To 11 Coav:Hw o 