I ! THE DISPUTE IX THE WOOL! T2ADE. SYDXET HAIL" 2S>JV. 11TH. i It is satisfactory thai the dispute in the i ! wool tride. which began a little before j [ the middle of List month, is at last ; I settled. Although statements have teen j j made on boil: sides, it has appeared to ' ; the public that there to; more in the ? ; matter than met'the eye. The professed | 1 desire of the selling- brokers was to save ' ! themselves from the increasing- risks j | which, in their view were inseparable j ? under the old practice from the growing j ' business. The selling broker, on giving j a delivery document, in exchange for a j cheque, parted with the control of the ; wool, and exposed himself to the chances j of loss in the event of the cheque not be- i ing honored. The buyers allege that I the sellers liave never lost anything in j j this way: bat the answer is that the f trade conditions are changing, that many j new buyers come to the colonies to j purchase in the local market, that the ' tendency is to sell here instead of ship- I ping to London, and thai it is time to I adopt further precautions. There is no j doubt about the tendency to buy in the 1 colonies, and especially in Sydney, v.-ht-re \ the growth of the trade daring the last few years has be^n rapid, and large sums have been .spent in the erection of stores and warehouses to meet its reouire I ments. The movement, however, was j simultaneous in Sydney and ilelboarne. [ There was a marked contrast between the j attitude ox the buyers and of the sellers . throughout. The sellers, whilst asking ! for better security, were free in snggest i icg modifications of their demands. The I buyers, on the other hand, resisted with j passive tenacity all proposals, as _ it they were conscious" that they 1 had the command of the situa tion. The dini-.-alty was increased for the Sydney seller? by the fact that the JLelbonrne sellers, although, at first making common cause, afterwards made concessions to the buyers, so tliai the latter were in a position to ihreaten to leave Sydnev for Melbourne and to do their business there. One large vessel, after waiting- here for wool, went to Melbourne to load up there. Shipping to England for the London market also begun. Meanwhile the wool was pour ing in by train from the country in im mense quantities, until all the regular storage room was occupied and outside braidings had to be hired. Doubtless this was what the buyers had foreseen. Everything was increasing the embar rassment and prospect of loss for the Sydney selling brokers, and making it more necessary for them to come to terms. The buyers, of course, were sub jected to some less : but they had not scorvs of thousands of. pounds sunk in stone and bricks and mortar, or the prospect of a rising trade being sud denly checked and perhaps permanently diverted- The dispute is now settled, the sellers making some concessions, but obtaining, on the whole, it is said, some what better terms than they had before. It is not surprising that the dispute and consequent stoppage of business have been compared with a strike. One mem ber of the Assembly apparently thought he would score something by asking whether the Government was ready to interfere and bring the police and miK tary into requisition. If strikes were conducted as peaceably as this dispute "teas, they woold still be injurious, but tney would not need the intervention of poEce and military. AH the time there were anassociated brokers who conducted their sales as usual : but the others did not call ihern blacklegs, or mob them,, or breat their windows. Some one .declares that ghosts still haunt Hampton Court Palace- Doors, it: i* stated, open and shut to ghostly Risers.' and rsonie rooms resound to shostly revelry in. the small lours of the l.murning; ' These restless vagrant;spirits ; are said tofnelndertwo of Henry V 11! ,'s i Trires -Jane Sevmcur *Tt^ Xn-n* Solevn. 