UNDER THE GREAT SEAL. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) BY JOSEPH IIATTON. CHAPTER viii.— (Con-tikued). There were tears m Hannah s voice as sue uttered these last words, and Alan put Ins great strong arms about her, soothingly, us lie asked, "Would ye prefer that we do so now, Hannah? " If it were possible," she replied. " Anything is possible that ye wish, Alan answered, softly. „ " I have rio wish that is not yours, Alan. " And I nane that iB na yours." "But your faitli in the future of this placo is so strongly fixed." " It was, dear ; I don't say it isna now ; hut what is that against your desire V" " My father, 1 think, longs for an abiding place in the old home of his fathers. He so often talks of it now. But Father Layello says that comes with age, the memory of our youth'is intensified. l)on't you observe that my father continually talks of his father, and what his father told him of Dartmouth and Bidcford, of the famous pioneers, tho busy ships with news from distant seas, the omet homes, tlie rights to sow and reap without question, nud every man's house his caBtle .' " Why ye talk like ye might hae seen the \- old country yerself, Hannah." "I have seen it iu my dreams, she answered, " but it's too late, I fear, to see it in very truth." "Nae, it's nana too late, my lassie. It wouldna he reight to desert the neebors and bairns just noo ; but when the Settlement is once mair in some kind o' shape and ye still desire it, with the Master we'll tek ship for the auld country, and welcome, Hannah. If Newfoundland is to continue under tlie heels of these licensed freebooters, weel then the sooner we're out o' it tho better." " Dear Alan, does your heart or your head speak in that sentiment ?" " Baith, my darlin', haitli. It greets me sore to think o' the hardships we're cm- harkin' on, gaeing out o' the village to seek a new rcstin' place ; not that tlie Back-bay valley isna deliglitfu', that it just is ; d'ye line mind the ride we had aue day in the autumn, and ye ran aboot like a cliicl gather ing tho flowers? we liadna been married more than a month." " Yes, I remember, of course, dear," said Hannah, " but I don't see in my memory the place you elect for the now .Settlement, ' " Ell, it's just grand ! I'm thinking we didna ride quite sae far as tlie bit o' pine forest; it's at the hack. o' that; wi' a fine stream o' pure water, a long sloping bank o' grass, a long level o' natural meadow, and soil fit for a garden. I ken tlie very spot where ye shall sleep to-morrow Height ; I can tell ye Hannah that it's as easy as anythin' ye can think to mek a tent just that com fortable ye would nae imagine ye were not in a regular built and caulked lioosc. Ye'll hae tlie shade o' tlie. trees and the modified beat o' tlie sun ; and for the neight ye'll hae a bed o' skins and sheets and a' the comforts ye hae possessed of just here in Heart's Delight. And I'm thinkin' we'll cn' the place Heart's Content, cli ?" "Yes," said Hannah; "Heart's Delight was heart's delight ; but losing that, Heart's Content comes next ; yes, Aian, it is a beau tiful idea and has an inspiration of submit ting to Providence ; but with you, dear, every place would be Heart's Content for me." A low growl as if by way of protest came from Sampson, who was now standing ill a watchful attitude by the door. "Eh, man, what's wrong?" said Alan, addressing the dog. Sampson came from the door and leaped upon his master, planting his great paws upon his chest and whining as if he would speak. \- What is it? Some puir devil wants shelter, or what?" The dog leaped down and stood once moro by the door, watchful and angry. Alan went towards the door. " Don't go out, Alan ; it is some enemy, I fool sure," said Hannah. On the other hand, the dog seemed to encouruue Alan to open the door. He showed liis teeth, fell to heel, growled, and was impatient. The poor beast was con scious of its strength, and did not under stand that there might he danger still for Huuuah and Alan, although ho was there to protect them. The dog now suddenly dashed to tho other side of the room near the door whore little David was sleeping, then bounded to the window, and finally stood in the middle of the room bewildered. CHAPTER IX. — A Cruel Consmracv. . ' There are men about the house," said Hannah, in a whisper. ' Our neebors passin' by wi' their goods ond chattels to ho ready for the morrow, perhaps ; somethin' unusual in Sampson's experience; that's it, and friend, eh?" .Sampson wagged liis tail for a moment by wav of answer, and once more stood sentinel by the door. -It is a very dark night," said Hannah. " and I'm afraid ; it may be that those cruel men are back again from their ships. " "Nae, dinna fear that," said Alau ; "they liac gin us 21 hours, and it's rather to catch us in the toils o' some illegal act than to put theirsels in tho wrang they'll be scheming ; I dinna fear their presence, my lassie, until to-inorrow at sunset ; and then, please God, we ll bo cookin' our evening meal beneath the pines of Heart's Content." / \- Don't go out, dear," said Hannah, cling ing to liis arm. The dog walked quietly to tho window, then sniffed at "the further door, and with a grumble followed Hannali and Alan to the old cushioned settle by the fireplace, and once more disposed himself in a picturesque attitude at Hannah's feet. Good dog," slio said. "Yes, tlie bad men are gone ; and I pray God we may hear 110 ,< more of them until it is daylight, when we can see their faces." Hannah, you aro trembling as if you had seen a ghost. ' Those men from the Bhips are about ; I feel sure they are, and for no good." 'Nae, dinna fear; I am nae in clined to think yc are reight. Pat Dolan, by way of bravado, said samc- tlun' aboot turning the two woo guns upon tho ships. The man Ristack is a great coward, and may he ho would think it safe to dismantle tiic fort until such time as tho removal o' Heart's Delight is accom plished." Thank God, they aro no longer near our doors ! " said Hannah, as Sampson seemed to be settling himself down moro and more steadily to sleep. The old clock in the living room of the Great House could now be heard as if afar off, striking the hour of 10 ; it was very late for Heart's Delight. The note of time was echoed by a small timepiece in the annexe which the Keiths had called their own domicile. -Time's gettin' on," said Alan; "how quiet it all is !" Yes," said Hannah, laying her head upon lus shoulder, as they sat side by side on tho settle. It will be quiotcr in the Back-bay valley," said Alau, " for there ye dinna hear the sea ; but tho trees make a music o' tlioir ain, which isna much different." "The sea is very calm to-niglit," said Hannah. "Not a ripplo on it," Alan replied, "and to tiiink o' tho Lord of Hosts lettin' yonder pirate ships ride at anchor as if they were on some landlocked mere ; eh, Hannah, I ? ken a wonderfu' place where a man-o'-war might just sleep by tho shoro whilo the sea was ragin'." \- Tho lake you talk of by Labrador 5" . ' " Yes." But a terrible place, Alan ; the sailors sec demons there ; and it was taboo even in tlie earliest times when the natives roamed I this island from end to end." . -- It's a wonderfu' harbor ; it's a dock made 1 by nature ; a sort of hide and seek for ! mariners. Ono day when its very calm : weather as tho noo we'll just sail down tlie i coast, and I'll show you the way ; ye would think there was nae channel enough for a dmgy, but there's a channel that would float a thrcc-deckcr ; a waterway as glide as the \- cntrauco to St. John's, but it's disguised ; , ell, ye canna guess how safe, it's disguised." / T lhcy did Sampson an injustice to think he — was sleeping. He.liad gathered that Hannali did not want the door opened. He knew that tho men who had been prowling with out had loft the immediate locality of tlie house. He did not know that they hud only gone down by tlie beaoli to take counsel once more by the boats. Bentz and Ruddock had heard Sampson's growl ; also the voice of . Alan. They had hoped to find all abed, both in tlie Great House and tlie annexe. They had now to revise their plans in presence of a watchful dog, and a strong and wakeful opponent. "Jim Smith," said Ruddock, "Admiral Ristack has trusted you with tho command of this tiling ; I am only a volunteer ; it's naught to do with my ship ; it's Admiral Ristack's affair, and you are liis representa tive, and, therefore, mind ye 011 this occa sion yon carry tlie authority of the King himself." \- Very well," said Smith, " I am ready to do my duty if I am rightly supported." " Ye needna question that," said one of tho crew. " If we dinna think much of our leader we hae undertaken tho job, and they say duty's duty at all times." " Aye, aye," said tho others. \- Then,' continued Ruddock, " my advice and that also of this loyal man, Master Lester Bcntz, is that one of you have a knife. handy for_ the dog, and tlie others crowd all sail on Keith and securo him at any risk, dead or alive— alive, if possible, and gagged, ch. Master Bentz ?" "Just so," said Bentz. 1 shall try a subterfuge," said Smith- " May a man ask what a subterfuge may be ?" said Nicol, who was a very matter-of- fact Scotchman. "Knocking at the door and begging for assistance, as if a body was- in trouble, or say the fish stages are afire, or "what you will." " And then ?" asked Koxtdock. " Well, the moment hc-shows himself seize him." "And the dog?" asked Bentz, who had seen Sampson's teeth more than once. "Mardyke undertakes tfie dog with KXinches of cold, steel." " That's right," said Mardyke. "For which duty, well performed," said Bentz, " I, as a volunteer, am willing to pay out five golden, guineas." " Consider that dog dead," said Mardyke. " Well, then, we arc agreed,". said Smith; " march, and take your orders from mo." "Aye, aye," said tlie men. " And 110 one speak above a whisper." " Aye, aye," once more was tlie response, and in less than lialf-an-hoiir Sampson, at the moment when Alan and Hannah had resolved to retire, once moro showed signs of uneasiness, and at 011c hound, with a great loud hay, rushed to tile door. "What is it?" said Alan, following tlie dog, Hannah clinging to her husband's arm. "A man iu distress!" said a voice from without ; wounded, dying, help ! help !" " Don't go out !" Hannah exclaimed, as Alan unbarred the door. The dog crouched at.Alan's heels ready to spring. " Oh," groaned tho voice outside, "don't leave me to die !" Alan opened the door. As lie did so he a-as attacked by half-a- dozen men before he couhi strike a blow in self-defence. At the same moment Ruddock and Bentz rushed upon Hannali, fastened her apron over her head, and smothered her cries. The attack was so sudden and complete that hardly a sound was heard beyond the first grating bark anxl growl of tlie dog as he leaped at the throat of the very man who, unfortunately, was best prepared for the assault. CHAPTER X. — Pat Doolan to the Rescue. Pat Doolan slept in a hammock of liis own construction in a cabin of the Great House, not far from the Master's room. He had been swinging about uncomfortably, harassed by troublous dreams, for some little time before lie awoke with a groan, conscious that some thing was wrong. He peered out into tlie night. There were shadowy forms moving about near the house. Pushing open his cabin-window, that was formed like a port-hole, he heard mutterings, and now decidedly a smothered scream. .He slipped into his breeches, dragged liis big boots upon his big feet, fastened his holt about lus waist, thrust a couple of pistols into it, gripped a short hard stick, and sallied forth. First he went into the Master's room, tlie door of which was always left ajar, awoke him with the information that something had was afoot, and then going out into the night, made for the door of Keith's part of the Great House. Arrived in front of the little porch of the Keith annexe, he fell over the dead body of the dog Sampson, and stumbled through the opcu door into tlie room where Ruddock and Lester Bentz had bound Airs. Keith, nnd fust at tlie moment when they were having trouble in tlie next room with Sally Mum- ford. He knew nothing of the condition of Airs. Keith, who was lying by the settle gagged, but Sally was proclaiming lier woes with unmistakable vigor. She had been awakened to meet tlie gaze of a couple of ruffians who had turned a dark lantern upon her, for wdiat villainy sho did not know, but of course it was nothing short of murder. "Have at ye, ye bastes of prey!" ex claimed Pat, dashing to lier assistance. In a moment, with his short hit of timber, a souvenir of the ould country,, lie had felled first one and then the other of tlie two in truders. "Surrender!" he went on, planting his right foot upon one and dominating the other with his cudgel. Surrender," or begorrah yoor dead men, and begorrah I think ye are whether ye surrender or not." Hero lie picked up a dark lantern which one of them hud dropped and turned it upon the two marauders. " Oh, it's naybor Bentz and one o' the Admirals, is it? Sure ye're a mighty fine brace o' tliaves, ar'n't ye, to disturb inoffen sive settlers in tho middle av God's blessed night ! Lie still where ye are while I disarm yc, or I'll blow ye both to the devil !" Pat stooped over them, took away their weapons, which he staffed into his own belt, and then addressed Sally. "Sure and ye are quite safe, Alistrcss Sally ; get up wid ye and light tlie candles ; I'll turn my back while ye put on your ball- dress and make your twylet. Don't whim- Eer, Master David, it's all right ; Pat Doolan's y your side." The child had uttered a little cry, hut was hushed back to quiet by Sally, while she pulled the curtain about her and put on her tilings. Ruddock and Bentz meanwhile thought it good policy to remain quiet, in the hope that their comrades, missing them, would return and call them to tlie boats. At this juncture the Afaster entered the front room with a lantern. Glancing about tlie place lie saw Hannah, and released her. "Great heavens, what has happened?" he asked. Hannah could not answer him. He had raised her up. Sho fell into liis arms. "Are you hurt, my darling?" he asked, fondling her. "No," she whispered. She could only speak in whispers. " Who has done this? Where is Alan?" "Alan," she whispered, " lias gone." " Where, my love, where? " " They have killed him," she said, and re laxing lier hold upon her father, would have slipped to the ground hut for the strong arm he had wound about her waist. " Hannali, don't give way, he brave ; bo strong ; tell me, dear, what has happened ?" But Hannah was speechless. He laid her upon the window seat, and looked about for water, found a jug, bathed her face, and she revived. "I am better," she whispered, half rising. Then Pat Doolan's voice was hoard in the next room saying, " Now Sally go and see about the mistress ; where is she ? That's right, give us light ; oh, ye cursed villains 1" Before tho master had made a step towards tlie next room the front door was hiled with sailors. "Admiral Ruddock," said the spokesman, "are you here?" " Yes," shouted Ruddock from tho next room, " I'm a prisoner ; release mo !" " Bring in your lantern," said tlie spokes- ' man, addressing somone outside. A sailor, armed to the teeth, entered with a ship's lantern. The spokesman signed for the man to advance, anil for another to sup port him with his cutlass. The Master stood by Hannah, who had once more risen to her feet. " What are you doing here?" he asked. "Bi gorrah, that's the Alastcr," exclaimed Pat from the next room. " Sure, sorr, we're all right, and little David's all right. And by tlie holy St. Patrick, tho man that puts his snout in here I'll blow his head off! I mano it, by mi soul !" There was a dead silence. Tho click of Pat's pistols was heard distinctly. " Oh, Pat dear !" said Sally, half-pleading, half-admiring. " It's a tlirue bill, B'lielp mo, bi jabers 1" said Pat. " Wc only want our comrades. Wo intend no harm. Our work is accomplished," said the spokesman. " Indade, and is it ?" said Pat. "I can't say as much for myself, then." " What was your work, may I ask, besides having gagged and bound my daughter, vil lain ?" asked the Afaster. " We liavo done her no other harm ; it was necessary that she should be prevented from crying out." " You scoundrel 1" exclaimed the Master. "Nay, I did not do it," said the spokes man, "out it had tp bo done, I suppose, and there's an end of it. Come forth, Admiral, and you, Alastcr Bentz." " Gome to our rescue," said Ruddock ; " there's a pistol at our heads." " Pistol 1 By St. Patrick 1 there's two. And if the murdering gang don't disperse off the face av the earth before I count three, I'll shoot your ugly faces into a jelly." Hero Sally, with little David in her arms, rushed out of the room, and the next moment the child was in its mother's arms, though they clutched it with a weak and faltering embrace. "Permit our comrades their freedom," said Smith, " and that is all wo require. Our work is done." " Master, wliat'll I do ? Give mo orders to execute the villains." " You will answer my questions and leave this house without further molestation, your comrades being released ?" said Plympton, addressing tho spokesman. " We will," said tlie spokesman. " Are you here with authority ?" " Yes, the authority of the Admiral of the Fleet, and with a force sulficieut for the re lease of our comrades." " You seem to be n fair-spoken man. I take your word. Pat !" " Yessorr 1" y " Release the bravo gentlemen 1" " Yessorr 1 Aly brave gallauts, with your great souls get up wid yo !" Air. Bentz and Admiral Ruddock came forth. "Thank tho hoy for your lives," said the Alastcr, addressing them as l'at stepped out by their side. " I'll none av their thanks, Alastcr ; tlie hangman will take care av tliein when it comes to his turn." " Smith, you will find us at the boats," said Ruddock, arranging liis ruffled plumes, and making for tlie door, Bentz after him, Pat liaif-teinptcd to empty liis pistol into tliein, us the spokesman made way for tliein. Hannali bent weeping over little David, Sally sitting by her side and stroking her hair. "I'm sorry the young woman and tlie child have been disturbed," said Smith, " I don't know why it was considered necessary." "And what authority could have justified an. attack upon this lady?" "That you must ask my hellers," said Smith, " we had. orders to make an arrest, which I presume she resisted." " What arrest ? Nay, you need not say, since I find this poor child's husband absent. What has happened to him ? " " No harm," said the spokesman. " Oil, thank God," whispered Hannah, hoarsely. " Oh, Alan, Alan ! " "He is under arrest," continued the spokes man, " charged with rebellion aguinst liis Alajosty tlie King, and otiier crimes." "Yes?" said the master, suppressing his anxiety and indignation; "and where is he ?" " By this time ho is on hoard the vessel of the Admiral of the Fleet." "Merciful heavens !" exclaimed Hannah, looking up with wild eyes and blanched face. " Comfort ye lady," said ono of tho ship's men, Donald Nicol, who had stood near the spokesman during tho brief colloquy with Plympton, "your glide nihil isnu withoot friends." " Donald Nicol," said Smith, turning upon the speaker, "I would have yc understand there is only ono spokesman here." " I amna so sure o' that," said the other, " there's nae a 111011 present whose gotten a heart iu his hrest lilac wouldna like to say a kind word of hope to Alan Keith's young wife." " Whatever reparation in the way of ex planation was necessary lias been made, and that's the end of it, Nicol," said the spokes man. " Dinna ye think I'm a log wi' out a heart or a free voice, Jim Smith," Nicol replied. "Alastcr Plympton, I will tell yc, we're sorry, mc an' my mates, that the glide lady has been put aboot, and if I'm yard-armed for it, that's what I've gotten to say !" " And me," said a red-headed fellow-coun tryman of Nicol's. " So say we all of lis, by !" exclaimed another, which drew forth a hearty response of " Aye-ayes." "Alc- noftlie Admiral's ship," said Smith, red with rage, " Attention !" The men foil together. " Right-about. AInrch 1" Tlie men filed out, Smith at their liend. "Pat, get some brandy from the liquor cupboard," said the Master. " Yes, yer honor," said Pat. "Sally, put your mistress to bed." " Yes, sir," said Sally, taking the child from Hannah's arms and retiring with it to lier own room. " All, bless it, it's a good bairn ; it knows its safe with its Sally ; bless its brave heart, it will lie quiet and go to sleep." Sally was heard cooing to her charge for several minutes before she returned. "Aly dear Hannah, it's a dreadful busi ness, but you must not give way. I know what j'ou feel, but we'll soon have Alan back, never fear ; keep a good heart for his sake, love, and for mine." Hannah began to cry for the first time. " It is very hard, I know, but we must be patient." ' Yes," she said between her sobs, " I am better now ; I will bear tip, dear." "Take a little of this," said her father, handing her a cup with a mixture of brandy and water. " You must, love, it is the finest medicine in the world." Hannali took tlie cup and drank. " That's right. Now, Sally, assist your mistress. You will ho hotter after an hour or two. I will not leave the house." " Bi jabers, it's true there's nothing like it," said Pat, helping himself to a horn full of the liquor. " It s mate, and drink, and fire arms, sure it is." Sally and Hannah disappeared, and the Alastcr and Pat stood looking at each other. "Sure, Alaster dear, take a drink your self." " No, thank you Pat," said Plympton. " Sit down, God bless you, Pat, for a staunch, true, brave fellow." "Brave, is it, wid a couple of spalpeens that I could break over my knee ; but what's to ho done, Alaster ?" " Yes, what's to ho done ? They have tied our hands, Pat ; we are bound hand and foot, with Alan a prisoner to Ristack ; it is an awful business ? " So it is ; it's just tho darkest hour wo've had at Heart's Delight. Couldn't we collect a crew and go for a rescue ? There's tlie little fort ; we could play on the blackguard ships and cover a rescue 'party." 1 Aly dear Patrick, one round from tlieir long gun would settle us, mul what could we do with a half-armed mob against their muskets and small cannon? No, Pat, we must bo diplomatic, wc must negotiate, and, above all, we must wait. They are in the wrong ; wo must keep to the letter of the law. Go and rouse such of our neighbors as may he sleeping, tell tliein what has hap pened, but without a flourish. Tell theni simply that Alan Keith lias been arrested ; tell tliein to be lip betimes and get away to the Back Bay Valley, so that we keep our part of the compact, . and leave . no further excuse for outrage. First, Pat, we must get the women and children out of harm's way : make tlienr comfortable, do you see, with their belongings about them, and be clear out of Heart's Delight within the four-and- twenty hours. Our friend Preedie knows all about Alan's arrangements for the tents and shelters. God has given us kind weather for tlie exodus, and He will not leave us to the fury of our enemies." . Please God, 110," said Pat, reverently. " But let all things go on just as if Alan was with us. " " Yes, your honor." " Yoit understand that ?" " Entirely." "The time may come for fighting, Pat; I think it will, hut we must first make our dis positions." . " That's right," said Pat. " Put the garrison in order." " I see, your honor." " I am sure you do, Pat ; and now I want you to bo as wily and discreet as you are brave, Pat." " Dipind on me, master. I'll emulate tho sarpent Alaster Preedie spoke of, never fear. Younhall find everything go just us smooth as if Heart's Delight was enjoying itself to tho bitter end. I don't mean exactly that, j hut as if we was just movin' out to Paradise, and it was the tiling we'd been looking to all our blessed lives." "That's what I wish,. Tat ; go now, and when you have seen the good people fairly settled at Back Bay Valley, then, Pat, we will talk about fighting." " Please God, sorr," said Pat, unbarring the door, and disappearing. Plympton followed him. "I'll seo you 1 agaiii, Pat, when you come back." " Right, son,"' said Pat, liis voice already coming from a distance, for Pat thought he ' saw a spy, and was chasing him. " Bi jabers, I must keep calm," lie said ; " it's a diplomat I am, not a warrior. Put i : On guard ! Stand at ease. Steady !" Thus bracing himscdf to the business of the night, Pat went on liis wav to Precdie's liouso, while Plympton, holding a lantern over the canine martyr, Sampson, stooped to pat the faithful beast, remarking: "And are we sure that Paradise is meant for man alone? I hope, if over I got there, dear, dead friend, it may he good enough for such a true and loving companion as thou 1 Good night, Sampson ; lie there, old friend, where you fell at tlie post of duty. It will he a sight for some of the men of'Heaft'a Delight to remember 1" (To be continued.) 