In Strict Confidence. y (BY "QÜIS.") The Premier has, apparently, taken to heart ¿he/official statements in the British Parliament to the effect that the Govern- ment of New South Wales would not be consulted upon the question of the appoint- ment of the new Governor. His claim for this consideration, in his cable to the Colonial Office, is likely to have little effect there. But for all that he is right, and if the British authorities treat his claim with contempt, such a proceeding will only bring us within easier distance of the time when we will select our own Governor, probably by the ballot. » * * Brown, the burglar who battered the landlord of the White Lion Hotel with a life preserver recently, and subsequently tried its power on the skull of a constable, has been sentenced to 15 years' imprison- ment, the first 12 months in irons, every hour of which he should serve. His ferocity revealed him as a criminal of the most dangerous type, quite willing to add murder to robbery if the success of his burglary depended upon it. This is the type of ruffian one would rather hot awake to find rifling his room. » * * Mr. Labouchere and the British Radicals seem determined to bring about payment of members in the British Parliament, unwarned by its disastrous effects in New South Wales and other democratic colonies. The principle of the measure is logical enough, no doubt. As an appanage of a democratic constitution, it is absolutely flawless ; there is nothing wrong with the measure. It is the men who are in con- sequence of it elected who are objection- able. Change the character of these, and nothing can be urged against payment of members. * * A little while ago, Mr. A. J. Balfour stated in the House of Commons that, in proposing to give Ireland Home Rule, Mr. Gladstone is reversing the process by which every empire has been built up. The con- tention- is full of significance in view of the fact that Mr. Balfour is an Imperial federationist. We are able to glean from it the fact that the vision of the federated empire, as presented to Mr. Balfour, con- sists of an empire ruled from a central parliament in London, and with self- government annihilated in the colonies, which would be governed as India and Ireland are governed to-day. No thank -you, Mr. Balfour. The future, as we in Australia think, is to be moulded in quite another way. * * * There appears to be scarcely any limit to the intricacies and extent of the cave system of the Fish River. The keeper at the Jenolan Caves announces still another find of a more marvellous series of caves than any which have yet been discovered. Mr. Wilson, the cave custodian, reports that he nearly lost his life in the new caves through his lights going out, or nearly going out - it is not certain which. To those of us who are ever on the watch for stories of adventure it is a little disap- pointing that Mr. Wilson fails to tell us why he did not lose his life. Something must have occurred to prevent that. What was it ? How did he come nearly to lose his life, and still not lose it? Until our curosity on this matter is satisfied, we re- fuse to take any further interest in the new discovery. We scent a Rider Haggardesque adventure here. * * * Marriages are made in heaven and un- made in the divorce court. No less than 50 divorce suits are set down for hearing at the approaching sittings of the tribunal of which Justice Windeyer is high priest. Did any of ; the hundred husbands and wives that day at the altar, when they were wedded by the priest, have any vision, we .wonder, of the sequel to be enacted under the cold eyes of the Judge in the Divorce ; Court. Did it come as a grim i shadow over the roses and dew and sparkle of the vanished Romeo and Juliet days ? > Probably not ; at least we hope not, for it would have spoiled that romance without, whioh life ia incomplete, and to which every young pereon is, we like to think, entitled. -Neither of any of these couples knew that his or her idol had feet of clay, .v or that the roses crowned a foolish, vicious head. , There is the pathos of the broken ideal about these cases, whether the parties lio them are conscious of it or not. It is hard, in view of these divorce battues, for the cynic to listen to the words of the marriage ceremony without the fancy that he can hear through them the mocking laughter of Mephistopheles. Still, for ever, threat Venus, m * The Germans are anxious to obtain Samoa and Tonga if the United States takes Hawaii. But, excellent as the pro- posal seems to Germany, it may not strike the Americans in the same way, and, un- fortunately for Germany's prospects, the Vaterland is by no means in a position lo dictate terms or to make conditions of any kind likely to be seriously considered by Uncle Sam. Samoa appears destined to follow Hawaii ultimately, and to fall under the stars and stripes, and Germany may growl, but nothing else. As for Great Britain, her day for an- nexation, in the Pacific has passed, the more certainly as America has boen bitten with the annexation çrdze and a desire for a foreign policy. She need not complain, however, for more than a fair share of the lands of the Pacific has fallen to her. Australia should welcome the United States as a neighbor in pre- ference to Germany. * The young man in Melbourne who has lost his identity is still, apparently, as far from recovering it as eyer. His fellow inmates have christened him Edward Bellamy, after the- author of " Looking Backwards." It has been discovered that he is an accomplished musician, and plays the organ well. A more interesting case has ' certainly never come under the observation of the Mel- bourne medical authorities. To the ordinary person, the most curious circumstance in connection with the case is that " Bellamy " is quite conscious of his own loss of memory. Were he igno- rant of this and deluded by the phantasy that he possessed another identity, ne would be absolutely in- sane. This, however, is not the case, and at present all his other faculties are in perfeot working order. The development of the case will be watched with interest. It may be the pioneer example of some mysterious fin de siècle malady which threatens mankind. He has been recognised as the Albury agent of the Citizens' Life Assurance Society at Al- bury, who has been missing since January 6. His name, his identifier asserts, is George William Southern. * * * The fiat has gone forth and the Forestry Depart- ment is abolished. A con siderable amount of sympathy cannot fail to be felt with Mr. Brown, who surrendered a good position to come over here to manage our State forests. The Director General has good reason to complain of the punic faith of the New South Wales politician. But although he is not to blame for it, it is unquestionable that the department was growing too fast in expenditure. The curse of the country is that the develop- ment of any natural resource from which the State derives income is accompanted by expensive and cumbrous departmentalism which devours a disproportionate amount of the profits. And retrenchment must proceed upon the lines of cutting down this evil. « * . * The Queen sent a telegram to the Pope congratulating him upon his jubilee. What do the ghosts of past British royalties think of that P Paney England's Queen congratulating the Pope of Home ! The liberalism of to-day in religion is enough to make old bigots and inquisitors squirm in their narrow graves. * * *. In spite of the conviction of three persons ; supposed to be concerned in the stone-throwing mystery at Maclean, the nocturnal fusilade still continues. The police, of course, are " on the alert " to catch the offenders ; but it may be tbat we re- quire detectives of a different kind. . Per- haps the caséis one for the members of the Psychical Society to take up, though .why ghosts should take it into their ghastly heads to play such pranks is rather puzzling. . This levity of conduct it is which give sceptics the laugh at the modern spirit. The olden ghost was a much more serious and awe-inspiring character, and generally had business of an important nature on hand when he made his appearance Not so with the Maclean ghost-if ghost it be. This dis- reputable and idiotic spectre can hope to gain no respect or sympathy by throwing stones like a mischievous schoolboy. If, on the other hand, the public are right, and flesh and blood throws the missiles, then a lunatic asylum is badly wanted at Maclean. Three of its residents are already in gaol, and if as many more are arrasted the unfortunate little town will be on a fair way to depopulation. What the fate would be of a town with the greater part of its popu- lation in the local gaol it would be diffi- cult to predict. * Henry Arthur Jones' new play, to be produced at the Criterion, deals with English parliamentary life at the present time. May Moore, will be the heroine, and in the caste are Wyndham, D. James jun., and Fanny Eneon. 