IT FRIEND MCPHERSON.!; BT ANGELO LEWIS. “You have an uncommonly coey den here, Armstrong,” said ray friend Macpher^on, as he turnednis chair to the fire. “And this is a oapitil weed. Just ono thing more, and our Elysium would be complete. “And what may that bo?” I inquired. “ A bottle of that wonderful old Madeira your pater used to bring out on high days ana holidays. But I supposo that’s all gone long since.” “Not quite, I fancy. I brought the re mainder of the governor’s wine with me when I came here, and I’m pretty sure there was a dozen or so of the old Madeira. X can’t any whereabouts in the cellar it lies, but if you’ll oomc down ami hold a candle for me, I’ll see if I can lay my hand upon a bottle.” “ Agreed, nam. con. I’d bold a candle to a much blacker per3onago than yourself upon auch an inducement.” The time was about eight o’clook on a December evening- The place, my private uittingroomou the first floor of the Whittle*; bury Bank, of which I had boea appointed’ manager Borne two years previously. Diok Maopherson, my visitor, was an old school fellow, who had just completed a threo years’ terra of service as surgeon on H.M.S. Orion, and pending his appointment to, another ship, had come down to spend a week or two with mo at Whittlebury. Diok was a character in his way. ‘He was accus tomed to describe himself as a thoroughbred mongrel—-half Sootch, half Irish ; half sailor, half surgeon. Though still young, being barely thirty, ho was not only exceptionally skilful in his own profession, but had a useful amateur knowledge of several others. He was a clever mechanic, nnd his know ledge cf ohomislry, like Sam Weller’s of London, was “extensive and pecu liar.” His special hobby, however, was electricity, which ho uisintuined to bo not only the flight and the power but the medi cine of the future, and he whs never so happy ns when devising now uses for it. Ho k had *been greatly distrusted, on his arrival, to find that the bank whs unprovided with electric bells, and gave mo no peace until I consented to let him supply the deficiency. In vain 1 represented to him that electricity was an imknown’foroe In Wliittlebury. He retorted that in -uch case the bank, as reprosontimr finance, thrift and other com mercial virtues, was the more bouud to set an example in too rinhfc direction; and tdrea'iy, in ouo corner of my fitting- room, lay a collection of bells, batteries, wires and pushes, to be usci iu the execution of the The building, I may here state, had not Twen orliiiimlly fueetod for a btnk, but was old-fashioned private hnu-e, which had been adapted to that purpo-o. The base ment consisted of four roomy vaults, ori ginally iutended hh cellars. Three of them, indeed, wore still used for that purpose : oue •for ooals, one for my private storo of wine, and one aa a receptuolo for lumber; while the fourth had been converted into a “ strong Toom.” The walla and floor of tho ** strong Toom” were lined with concrete; the arch of the vault cased with boiler plates, and tho wooden door replaced by a doublo door of wrought iron, secured by combination lockH. Within stood a couple of strong safes—ono large, ono small—of tho most approved con struction. The only daylight admitted to the vault found its way through four circular pieces of think glass, each Gin. in diameter, let into tho floorinir of the room above (my private office), and tho only access to the basement, including the strong room, was by spiral iron stairs leading from the same The ground floor consisted of two rooms only, the larger being the public office of the ’"bink, the other my private office, above men tionod. The latter was a small room at the rear of the building, and hud originally been a kitoheu. When, however, the house was adapted to its present purpose, the kitchen had been transferred to the topmost floor, where also were the apartments ox the care taker—a sturdy Irishman named O'Grady— and hia wife. There were three rooms on the intermediate floor; two being bedrooms, and the third the room in which we were seated on the evening of my story. I lighted a candle, and we made our way downstairs to the cellar. After some little search, wo came upon a bin which I found to contain tho last survivors of the famous Madeira, I took out a bottle, and was just closing the cellar door, wheu a strange sound struck my car. First came two or three strokes, as of a hammer, but dull, as if tho striking implement wits muffled in some wav; then the “ scrunoh ” of a chisel: and finally a dropping sound, as of falling mortar. AVith • warning glance at Macphersou, I opened •the door of the strong room adjoining, and silently stepped inside. The sounds werohero •more distinctly audible: and we could fix with tolerablo certainty tho spot from which they proceeded, which was the lower part of the left-hund wall. Glowing tho door, I led tho way up the spiral stairs into my private oflice. “ What do you make of that, Mac?” I said, ub I placed the bottle on the table. “ Judging by the sound, I should flay someone was chipping a hole through the wall, presumably to rob the bauk,” replied Macphersou. “That is precisely my own impression. What a stroke of luck that you should have chanced to ask for that bottle of Madeira. AVell, forewarned is forearmed; wo shall be Toady for them. I’ll just go and get my revolver, and then I’ll mount guard, while yon go and fetch the police.” Maopherson looked at rao thoughtfully. “ Excuse me, old man, but wouldn’t that be a little bit premature? In the first place, it it is just possible that the sound we have heard is capable of some innocent interpre tation, and wo may get laughed at for raising a false alarm. In the second pluoo, if our underground friend is a burglar, wouldn’t it be as well to lot him make the case a little clearer against himself ? I don’t know what thickness of wall he hus to tackle, but judging by tho look of the material, and tho very small quantity of stuff that scums to fall after each blow, I should fancy ho had still a longieh job before him.” “That's true enough. Teat wall is ISin. thick, and of the toughest concrete made. Of courde, we don’t know how long tho gentle man on tho other side has boon pegging away at it, but judging from the sound, ho has n good deal to do yet,” “Then wo need not decide anything in a hurry. Pull that cork, Geoff, and we’ll see if we nan’t devise home sort of trap for him. There’s nothing like a glass of good wine to help the imagination.” I drew tho cork and fetched a glass from the cupboard. “ Help yourself, Dick, but you must excuse my joining you, Nothing stronger than water will paa3 my lips till this matter is over,” “ Every man to his taste,” replied Dick, holding the wine critically betweon himeelf and the lighr, tfaeu sipping it with reveren tial gusto. “ I work best on this sort of thing. Now to return to the business in hand. I would much rather capture this gentleman, if we can, without calling in tho police till we are roady to hand him over to “ So would I, if I were under no personal responsibility. But suppose our plans failed «ad the bank wag robbed f A pretty mega I ■hould bs in.” “No doubt you would. And if, therefore, at any moment you ceago ‘;o havo perftot con fidence in our defensive arrangements, by all means call in tho police at once. But I don’t think you will need them. You agree with methae there ia no fear of an entrance being effected to-night?” 41 Not tho slightest, I should say. It is mere speculation, of course, but i should think tho burglar has a full week’s work be fore him,” “ Good. Then let us see, In the first plane, whether we can fix any probable time for the final attack. Is the bank particularly rioh just now?” 44 On the oontrary, just now the cash in hand is lower than usual. But next Monday is quarter-day, and for some days after that we shall have an exceptionally large amount in hand, as a number of rents and other ao* count* are paid in about that time.” “Then’ ll, as we may assume, our under ground frieud knows hia business, he will endeavor to get in about a week hence.. By t the way, who is your neighbor on that aide ?” 8 i 44A Frenoh gentleman, the Count de 1ft t Roche. But, good heavens ! the Count can’t have anything to do with it. Why, ho has £ five hundred pounds in the bank at this moment.” t > 1 44 That sounds respectable, but it is not < conclusive. I am glrfd to hear it, though, i for iu that case wo are pretty sure to havo ' warning of the attack. When tho Count ] draws out hiB five hundred pounds we may t reckon that ho has got pretty noarly through j the wall.” 4 * “ I don’t quite follow your logic.” 1 44 It is clear enough. It is not worth any * man’s while to steal his own money ; and if ' he made the attempt, and failed, he might have trouble in getting it afterwards. Ergo, if the Count is the culprit, ho will draw it | out just before the attempt is mado.” 44 Bub why should he nave deposited it at all ?” # # ; “Doubtless, to disarm suspicion. But we need not take it for granted that the Count is the man. It may bo some other inmate of 1 his household. "What sort of a man is tho ' Count?” • . ' 44 A thorough Frenchman, dark, short and 1 stout, with a pinohed-in waist, and small 1 hands and feet. Very polite and compli- ‘ mentary. Smokes a very expensive brand of J cigars, whioh are got down from Loudon on 1 purposo for him. Dresses smartly, and is ' never without a flower in his bntton-holo.” ’ 44 How long has ho been here?” 1 44 About throe months, as noar as lean ro- i collect. Yes, ho opened his account with us on tho 1st of October, and ho had then been in the town some threo or four days. He told me that he noshed to open a drawing account |, as a temporary accommodation, and that he , should always koop a good balance. Under , such circumstances I accepted him without hesitation.” 44 And what family has ho ?” 44 His household consists of his wifo, n good-looking, ruther over-dressed woman, who speaks no English, ana ft foreign ser vant, called Antoine. An old woman be longing to tho town assintsin the housework, but she does not sleep iu the house. Antoine is conk burlor nud general factotum.” “"WiiatiM Antoine like?” 44 I should take him to boa native of tho .South of Franco. He is very dark, with crisp black hair, coming low down over his fore head, and think rod enr<, with cold rings in them Smells of garlic, and smokes cigarettes all day long." ” A very good fancy portrait of a French format. But <iue oau’t no much by descrip tion. We >*ball know Antoine bettor by-uud bye, no doubt. In the meantime, the lir*t tliintr tnduiH to make sure that nobody effects un entry without our knowledge.*’ “ How do you propose lo prevent it ?” 44 That U au easy matter. I shall rig up an electric alarm aoress the pi*»en of wall thov arc working on. Tho plat it provided for our bell-hunting arrangements will bo just the thing. If you will lend me a hand, I will have it fixed in uo time.” Wo sot to work accordingly. Our first task was to fix two bells, one in my private office and tho other in my bedroom, atid to carry wires from them to the strong room. So far, we were able to worn at our ease, and to converse when m-censury. Now, however, we hart to deal with the very wall behind whioh the concealed workman was engaged in i his felonious task. Still, with unfailing re gularity, came, first, the tap. tup of the • mallet, then the scrunch of the chisel, and tho * fall of tho displaced material. Ah we could , hear him so plainly, it was conceivable that ' he might hear ua also, midws therefore had i to work in absolute silence. I held tho caudle i while Mdnpherson attached with sealing-wax > a number of silk threads, crossiug tho wallin various directions, and connected in some \ way, whioh I was not electrician onough to > appreciate, with the wires of the hells. After half an hour of this work. Maophor i son gave mo a nod of satisfaction, indicating l that all was complete; and wo returned to } the office above. t 44 Thank goudneas, that's over!” I Baid. 44 Now, will you kindly explain how it works? I thought silk was a non- conductor.” 44 So it is.” ha replied. 44 The principal is just this. No part of that wall can bo dis » placed without making a pull upon ono or 5 other of those threads. The moment that happens, tho circuit is completed jneobuui* r cully and the bell rings. It’s not easy to ex > plain, save on the spot, but I’ll guarantee 1 that it works all right. By Jovo.it is half i past twelve. I'll have just one more glass of ♦ the Madeira, and then to bed, to think out ' my plau for cutching the thieves.” i Wo retired to rest, but I for my part could 1 not sleep. At half-past two I got up, and 1 partially dressing myself, Btole downstairs and paid a visit of inspection to the strong i room. All was quiet, tho midnight oxcavator having apparently suspended his labors for 1 tho night. Thus satisfied that thore was no * immediate dancer, I returned to my bed, and “ slept soundly till daylight. \- Maopheison met me at the breakfast table with a triumphant air. “ My plan is com j pleto,” he said. 4 ‘ Electricity will toll ub when our thieves break through tho wall, and ■ chemistry shall capture them for ub. Did you overhear of the Grottadel Cane?" r 44 The name sounds familiar. .Somewhere in Italy, isn't it?" ^ 4*Tae Gcotta del Cano is ft cavern near Naples, tbo soil of which generates carbon dioxide, commonly called carbonic acid gas. ’ This gas, being heavier than air, does not dis perse, but lies at the bottom of tho cave, to a ‘ depth of a couple of feet or so. If you send ' a dog into the cavern he becomes asphyxiated. A mau can walk about upright without danger, but if he wore to kneel down or stoop below the level of tho gas, he would ’ be asphyxiated in like manner.” ■ “Very interesting from a scientific point j of view. But I don't see the connection with , thief-catching.” , 44 Just this. I propose to turn your 1 strong-room into an artificial Grotta del , 44 Much obliged to you, .I'm suro. And t suffo^ato our chief cashier or myself the first i time We go into the room !’* j 44 Not at all. The gas will not be gone , rated till the thieves are actually in the l atroDg-room. To operate upon the safes, they must of necessity work at a low level. . The gas will rise by degrees as the bottom of • the collar fills. Their only warning will be a Hlight difficulty in breathing, which (if they • notice it) they will put down to the closo ; ness of the vault. A little lator they will find that they can’t breathe at all, but by l that^ time it will bo too late, and they will , full insensible.” k44 Good heavens! you would not kill “No; my intentions are not quite ho , bloodthirsty as that. AVe shall lug them out and bring them to life again by ono or other of tbo artificial respiration processes. First, [ however, we shall cull in a policeman or two to look after them during convalescence.” 44 And where is the gas to eomo from ?” 44 That’s vory plain sailing; 1 shall generate it when wanted, pro re nata, as wo doctors ■ say. In the first pluce, I shall cover the floor ; of tho strong room, to a depth of two or three , inches, with a mixture of sawdust and i ordinary washing soda, whioh is ft coarse form i of sodium bicarbonate. I supposo you can get mo half a hundredweight without any difficulty?” 441 daresay I could, but it i« a queer order for a bachelor to give. My oilman will think I am going to do my o wn wash 44Never mind what your oilman thinks! [ Then 1 shall want half a gallon or so of ; rough suiphurio acid, commonly known* as oil of vitriol. Lastly, an empty beer or wine ■ cask to hold the diluted acid, and a few yards of soft metal tubing, such as gasfittors use. i This tubing, first punctured freely with holeB, , will be embedded in the soda and connected with the barrel. At the right moment we turn on. the diluted aoid, and the strongroom will be half full of carbonio aoid gas in ten minutes.11 44 But if you mix an acid and an alkali, won’t there be a warning fizz ?” “Very little. The sound yon hear on mixing aaeidlitz powder is mainly caused by tim small area within whioh the efferves cence is confined. In an open apace, like the (floor of a cellar, it will be barely perceptiblo, and I shall further diminish it by Bitting fine earth all over the soda, which will make all look ship* shape, while it won’t interfere In the least with the chomioal process. a he sawdust mixed with tho soda is to prevent the gas being germinated too rapidly.’* “ You seem to have worked out your scheme pretty minutely.** # «* I have, to the smallest detail. I lard awako halt the night thinking it out. The only risky eloment will be getting the raeoal (or rascals) out of the strong room after* wards. Carbon dioxide is no respecter of I persona, and will knook ua over as readily as a bank burglar. However, by using due oaution, and holding our breaths while wo havo to stoop, we may venture in far enough to slip a cord round the body of eaoh fellow, and then wo can drag him out from a aafo 1 j i distance.” I was oarried away by Jlaopherson a en thusiasm, and after u little further conversa tion 1 agreed, though aomewhat against my better judgmont, to let him try hiB plan. Ho set to work at once, and before midnight of tho same day hi3 arrangements were. com pleted.. The sulphuric acid, • diluted with water to four gallons, and contained in an old wine cask, was plaood in a cupboard in my private office. The tap communicated with an indiarubbor tube, and thia with sundry lengths of composition pipe, perforated at intervals, which were lying, embedded fn goda and sawdust, on tho floor of tho strong room. Above this was sprinkled a layer of fine earth, restoring the floor to ita ordinary collar-like appearanoo. Tho myaterioua knocking was resumed from 8 o’dock to 1 a.m., but the operator did not seem to mako any perceptible advance. II. , Six daya passed without any ohango of tho I situation, save that tho sound of tho excava tions in the collar became daily moro audible, showing that tho intervening wall was grow ing thinner. By careful observation of the sound wo satisfied oursolves that tho oou coalod operator waa working at a apace of wall some two feet square, probably intend ing, when this was sufficiently reduced in substnnoo, forcibly to break away tho thin remaining partition. On tho Movonih day, howover, I had a visit from tho Count. He had that morning r* ceived a letter from his son, a Captain in a craak french regiment. Co cher Alphonse had been playing baccarat, it seemed, and to meet his losses tho Count was compelled to withdraw for tho moment tho whole of his balance in tho hundB of tho bank, though it would bo replaced a fow days later by remit tances tvom other snuicoa. 1 iustruued a olork to see how the Count’s account stood, and tha balance haring boon a.-certained, ho drew a cheque for the amount and departed with the money. 44 The plot thickens,” said Maopherson, when I told him of the visit. 44 The grand coup is in all probability for to-night.” Wo watched accordingly. So soon as we had diusd, w« took up our position in my ctlico. Our fir>t proceeding was to cover up the bull’s oyes in tho floor, that no light might shine through to the vault beneath. Mucphorsou next muffied the dapper of the electric alarm, so that it should givo no sound bey oral a faint tapping, sufficient to call our own attention, but not loud onough to be heard beyond the room in whioh we were. We woro tolt slippers, that our footsteps might ho noiseless. I had brewed a supply of strong coffee to help to keep ua wakeful, and on tho table lay a couple of revolvers, and some lengths of sash-line wherewith to bind our expected captives. O’Grady was told to bold himself in readiness to come down to us instantly on reoeiving an agreed signal. These preparations made, we sat down to beguile our vigil with a game of oh ess. At ordinary times we were very equally matohed, but on this occasion Maopherson found mean easy victim, 1 could not keep ray thoughts from wandering to the possible itsuea of the coming struggle. If all went well, I had but littlo to gain ; whereas if—(an awful44 if'* that) — .Maopherson's plan broke down, nud 1 tho attempt nt robbery succeeded, my oareor as a bank manager would bo utterly blastod. At this momeut I must own I heartily re gretted that I bad allowed myself to be drawn into so Quixotic an enterprise, when i I might have saved myself all anxiety by placing tho matter in the hands ot the proper guardians of tho peace, or simply ioporting it ' to tho directors. Maopherson, on the contrary, appeared to ho troubled by no misgivings, and played even better thau usual. “Fail!’, no said, when I suggested tho] possibility of such an event—44 we can’t fail; j any moro than I can fail to win this game, i which I undertake to do in four moves. Check !” I made the best fight I could, but in four moves I was checkmated. ! I was nettled at my defeat, and deter , mined that he should not again win so easy a victory. With a strong effort of will, I ( concentrated my wholo attention on tho game, i and thenceforth played as coolly as though the hidden enemy were a hundred miles away. Wo played on with varying fortune till about * eleven, when tho faint 44 tingn of the electric alarm, followed by a heavy thud in J the vault beneath, warned us that the burglars had made pood their entranco. With L a menninerglunco at mo, Maopherson lighted a night-light, which stood carefully screened 5 in one corner, and thon extinguished tho lamp, leaving tho room iu a dim twilight. ■ just sufficient to enable us to raovo about. Ho 1 then removed tho cover from one of tho bull’s ( eyes in the floor, from which a view could be j obtained of the portion of the vault whore wo I [ anticipated that tho entrance would bo 1 elfcoted. I 1 A broad ray of light came up through the bull’s-oyo. Going on our knees -we could see 1 that an oblong slab, like the panel of a door, hud boon forced from tho wall, and lay in fragments on tho floor beneath. In the vault itood Antoine with his back towards us, while through tho black opening left by the missing ma-onry some other person, whom weconjoitured to be the Count, was handing crowbars, wedges, and other burglarious looking implements. When all were handed in, the person on the other sido began to creep through the opening, but to our astonishment it was not the plump figure of the Count that appeared, but that of a much younger and Blighter man, with fair, close-cropped hair. We looked at eaoh other in perplexity. Suddenly the truth flashed upon mo. “Madame, without her wig !” I whUpered. Again a head appeared at tho opening, and. aided, by hiB friends, tho Count eoramblod through, though with difficulty, for bis broad shoulders all but stuck in tho narrow opening. The burglars now pro needed, by sumo method which waa not quite dear to me, to fix sconces, holding lighted candles to various parts of the wall. They made a rapid examination of the two HttfeB, and then, without further Iohb of time, the Count and Antoine set to work on the door of the larger, while the third man began like operations on the smaller. So soon as they were fairly at work, Mac-, pherson crossed tho room containing the diluted sulphuric acid, and turned on the tap, after whioh he returned to his post of ob , servation by my aide. “Keep your eye on that fellow working at the bottom of the smaller safe. • Ho ia neater the floor. The gus will rouoh him before it toaohes either of the other two.” I watched, soarooly venturing to breathe, such was the intensity of my excitement. Someten or twelve minutes passed, and I began to fear Mnophorson’e plan was a failure, when the man he had in dicated dropped the tool ho waa using ; and after swaying from side to side for a moment, fell forward on hi* face insensible. His fall did not for the moment attract the attention of his comrades, busy as they were in their own share of the work. Presently, however, as the fttmoflphore became more and moro vitiated, the candlo lowest in position began to burn lesB brightly, and at last the failure of light became so marked that the 44 Count,** who was working at the upper part of the larger safe, turned round ana looked at the candles with a puzzled air ; Anally snuffing them with his finger*, as it hoping to onre the defeot in that way. Finding that his expedient had not the desired effect, he turned round again, ap parently to consult his colleague*. Mean whilo, however, the noxious gas had reached the level at whiah Antoine was working, and with a brief convulsive fight for breath, he threw np his arms, and fell senseless like the first victim.. Hover had I seen such an ex prossionof terror aacamo over tho face of the so-called Count, as he gazed on the bodies of bis fallen aooompUcee. Already alarmed by the burning blue of the candles, it seemed to him, no doubt, that hio companions had been •truck down by some supernatural power. Vanio-strioken, he made a rush for the hole in the wall, but it was too late. In the midst B of his struggles to esoapo, the deadly gas overtook him, and he, too, foil back in- i sensible. i *4 Not a bad night’s work,” said Maopher- 1 son, aloud, as heroBo from his knees and pro- ' needed to stop tho flow of tho aoid. “Now we will ring for O’Grady, and then wo 1 must make all haste to lug tho follows out oi that room. I did not bargain for throe of them, and every minuto tho gas becomes more deadly. ltemember what I told you. Venture in only just far enough • to get a rope round your man, and hold your breath while you stoop to do it.” [ \\* O’Grady.” I Baid, “ burglars have broken into the strong room, and I want you to fetch the polioe.” 44 Bur-r-rlglare, is it?” ropliod O’Grady, peepingdown through ono of the bull’s-eyeB. One or two of the candles happened to havo b^en fixed above the levol which the gas had reached, and theao still burned brightly, though thereat had long since gone out. 44 Ghost of Moses! but they’re all dead oor-r-r-rpsee!” 44 Not yet,” said Maopherson, *• but they soon will be, unless wo got them out pretty quickly.” “Buc how the blazes did yo kill them? *■ Oh, sure, it’saome of them iltctric divilments of Mister Maophorson’a.” “Nevermind that now, man; hurry for the polioo, and you shall know all about j it afterwards.” i Fortunately the police-atatien wub only * just over the way. O’Grftdy started, leav- | ing the door open behiud him, and in a few minutes was bncfc again, with a ser geant and two constables. Meanwhilo, Maopherson apd myself had opened tho strong room, and with somo difficulty had succeeded in getting out the man nearest tho door, who happened to bo Antoine. “Shall we tie his bands?” I inquired. 4* Nover mind that now,” replied Mucphor eon. “He’a safe onough for the time ; and meanwhilo the gas is spreadiug. Give me the rape again, and stand ready to pull.” I handed him the rope, iu which wo had mad a loop about three feot in length. ^ Caro- 1 fully holding his nre*th he Blipped this ovor ! the body of the next man (the sham Countess do la Itooho), and by hauling on tho cord ! we managed to pull him through tho door I What O’Grady had told thofergoant 1 can- < l not May, but the puzzled look nu his faoo, as be flashed hiB bull's-eye on the forms of the two men lying in tho passage-way outside 5 tho strong room, was most comical. r “What’s thia, gentlemen—murder?” ho 3 inquired, looking from me to Maopherson us 1 if uncertain which of us to “ run in.” ’ “ Only burglary, at present, Mr Jackson,” J [ replied; “and there aro two ot’ tho 1 burglars for you. The other is still in tho r strong room, and We shall bo glad of your t a help to got him out.” * “ That's soon done," said the otlicer, pre 8 paring to enter. 7 41 Stop a bit,” interrupted Maopherson; * 44 it’s not quite so easy as it looks. That » room iB filled breast-high with a poisonous 3 gas, which hasknooked over those fellows as 8 you see them In the upper part of tho ? room, where those oandles aro burning, the A air is pure enough, but bolow that level it is suffocating. Our best plan will bo to walk 5 in and stand three on each side of the follow. t X will call ‘one, two, three!' at the word » 4 two,’each must din down and lay hold of 1 him, and at * three lift him up and carry him 9 out, but don’t breathp while you aro stooping, * or you will be knocked ovor as ho i«*. Come | along, O’Grady,” forO’Gradv, though plucky enough in a general way, bud bojrun to baok ‘ tewarda the stairs, with every appcarauco of ‘ “Is it in there, along with thim iliotrio ■ divils? Bodad, I’ll lave that to my botthora. 3 The climate’s too onwholesome for tho likeB 1 o’ Tim O’Grady.” ? There was no time to argue the point. r The remainder of the party marched into tho strongroom, and following the directions of Maopherson, we succeed in getting out the 3 remaining burglar. ' i 41 Why, good gracious,” exclaimed the superintendent,44 it's the Count V* 0 “res,” I said, “tho Count, and Antoine, ; and Madame; all three of them.” , 44 It’s a big haul,” said the sergeant, 44 and . such blaokgimrdH deserve all they get. But t I’m afraid you gontlomon will got into trouble for killing them.” 44 No fear of that,” said Maopherson. P 44 Just got them aoroaB to the look- up, and [ I’ll coraeand bring them to lite again. Will you come over and see the fun, Armstrong? g It won’t take more than half an hour or t 4 4 Thanks, old follow, but not with that hole q in tho wall. I think I had bettor remain on 1 the bank premises.” 9 “ And I’ll tend a couple of men to look j after the houBe next door,” said the ser l geent. I Tho three insensible men wero removed on 0 Btrotohers : a grim procession. - Maopherson followed thorn to tho police-station, but in q stead of tho anticipated half- hour, it was more than throe hours before ho returned, and e ho looked completely exhausted. “I havo q had an awful fright,” ho Baid. 41 Tho other 0 blackguards came round in twenty minutes or so ; but the young one, the sham madam©, 0 I really thought ho wa9 done for. Ho had a a longer doso of tho gaa thun tho other two, and it wau just touon and go with him. All’s J well that ends well, and it’s been an oxtroraoly interesting experiment from a scientific point of view, but I really think, tho next time I * want to capture a burglar, I flhall drop soionce and call in the police to collar him.” Which is decidedly my own intention.— [' 11 The Strand Magazine.’’ 