"LADY LUKESUN," A GHOST STORY, BY J. GALBRAITH, (A NEW WBITBB,) (Concluded.) .'There was no clerk," slie replied' "there was no one in church but the clergyman, Parker, and ourselves." From Berkeley Square I hurried to the Temple, found Roskill, and decided with him that I should go up to Martin-le-Wold, see Martin, and examine the register. ^ I found the vicar at home, and acquainted him with my errand. He received me civilly, and in reply to my questions in formed me that I was quite at liberty to inspect the register, but it was not possible that I could find any entry of the mar riage. r " Since I received your letter," he said, " I have referred to my diary, and I will gladly give you all the information in my power. I find that on the 20th January I received .intimation of an intended wed ding. The note, which was brought by a man who looked like a superior servant, had neither address nor date, and was signed Arthur Evelyn Lukestan. I am quite ignor ant of the various titles of our aristocrasy, and was not aware of the existence of such a person as Lord Lukestan. I was informed the marriage would be by licence, and that owing to certain circumstances, which could be explained to me, if needful before the ceremony, it waB to be of a strictly priv ate character. I ascertained that the con tracting parties were of age, and fixed the time for one o'clock on the 28rd. Early that morning I was called to the sick bed of a parishioner. As I had been advised tho wedding was to be as private as possible, J did not inform the clerk that his services would be required. T intended to do so on my return from Bretwell. Unfortunately I met with an accident. My horse set its foot on a stone, stumbled, and threw me heavily. I lay for some time unconscious, and when I came to myself I found my ankle so sev erely sprained that I was unable to "move. The road is a lonely one, and it was at least two hours before I could obtain assistance. I reached home at three o'clock, and immed iately sent to the church. There was no one there. I .afterwards ascertained that a lady and two men, strangers, had passed through the village in the direction of the church, and had returned after the lapse of half an hour. I waited in daily expectation of or from them, but no news came, and as I did not know Lor.3, or as I thought Mr. -Lukestan's address, I was unable to com municate with him. I ought to mention that an open envelope containing a ten pound note was found on the vestry table. 1 kept it for three months, anticipating some explanation from the donor, then as none came, I concluded tho mouey was intended for an offering and devoted it to the relief of. tho poor." ' .. j I inquired if it were possible that in the absence any other clergyman could Iiavo boen pressed into^tho service. . j Quite impossible," he replied. If any priest could be found willing to commit such a breach of ettiquotte, he would certainly have informed me of it afterwards ; and iii any caBe, the clerk would have been called! I said I should like to see the register, anjd Mr. Martyn led the way to the church. ' It stood, as Miss Ardilaun had said on an eminence at some distance from the village and was separated from the vicarage by the "entire length of the garden and churchyard. Is the door always open ? " I inquired, us we entered the south porch. "Botween matins and ovonsong the church is open for private prayer, though," with a sigh, " my parishioners do not often avail themselves of the privilege.* We went into the vestry. It was furnish ed with a table, two chairs, a hanging cup board, and a massive, iron bound chest of blaok oak. The vicar took a bunch of keys from his pocket, selected one of - peculiar shape, utilboked the chest, and produced the regis ter. .*?' " We have not many marriages hero," he said. "I only solemnised two in the last six months.^ The last was in April." He turned to the place,; There were two entries at the top of the page. The final date on the preceding leaf was for the 80th of December. % I made a minute examination of the pages. Then,I glanced keenly at my companion. " Mr. Martyn," I said," these two leaves . are stuck together. " Impossible !" be answered. " Peel them," I rejoined. " This page is . thicker than the rest, and the edges are not quite even at the bottom. He scrutinised the book testing; the sub stance of the paper betweeu I)is thumb and forefinger. * " You are quite right," he said, quietly; "though I should never have noticed it. Have you a knife. - ? I opened my penknife and very carefully inserted tlie thinnest blade. How the leaves had be3ii-ggej;^;-,ffc'''was impossible l^ere was not the slightest &ace; of mucilage on the edges of thfi,-paper, and the inoision once made, '"'they parted easily. ? At the top of the left hand page was the " marriage between Arthur Evelyn Lukestan and,Pamela Mary Ardilaun, spinster. . The witness was William John.Parker. "My God!" The exclamation canio from the vicar. His eyes were fixed on'tlio register aud- his face was as white to tho very lips. " What is it ?" I asked in surprise. > He pointed speechlessly to the fourth sig nature. It was written in a firm, > very uncommon band,-" Oyprian.Goovge Martyn. . . That is not your name > Mr.Martyn P" ? . He faccl mo suddenly. . j." ? ??.? " Iti ia ' lie answered. ? " It is that of my brother, Cyprian, who died last Oct * ober." " I conless I folt horribly taken aback. Miss Ardilaun's adiEtesiou. that she was. acquanfced with the younger Martyn taken in connec tion with the other peculiar circumstances attending ber marriage, gave rise in my miud to a moBt uncomfortable suspicion. I regarded my client with tne sincerest admiration and sympathy. I was anxious to prove the validity of her claims and the truth of her statements, but I could not blind myself to the fact of her position being desperate woman is frequently unscrupulous. For a few seconds we remained Bilent each, I believe, suspecting the other com phcity in what was evidently a deep-laid plot. Then I pulled myself together. ^otx l'? y°ur brother's name Mr. Martyn, is it also his handwriting?" u " It is like it, very like it, but it can only be a forgery, since as I told you, my brother is dead. I examined the eutry carefully. " The particulars. are filled in by the same hand, and it would not, I imagine, be an easy one to imitate, Had you seen this signature during your brother's life-time, should you have had any doubts as to its being genuine ? " " If he were living, none." " I should lilco to compare.it with an authenticated specimen of his .writing, if you have one by you. I need not apologise for the trouble I am giving you, since you will understand that this.is, to my client, a matter of life and death, or rather of what is more than important to a woman, of honour.", , - "I understand that, and you will have .any assistance I can render, but " He broke off abruptly, and proceeded to re-lock the chest. "We will carry the register up to the house. I have some of my brother's letters there, which will servo your purpose." " Is tho register usually here ? " " Always." " And the key, have you more than one ? I see it is of a very uncommon pattern." ! " So far as I know, there has never been a duplicate." - " And it has not, to your kuowledge, loft your possession ? " " I am sure it has not not. I carry it constantly about my person." ' HacI you those keys with you on the 23rd of January ? " " Yes, I am certain of it." ."How, then, was it possible for.,any one to got at tho register ? " .11 ^ canno'i It would appear impos sible, were it not for that extraordinary f ^ would bo Impossible to tamper with I that look," I said, pointing to the coffer. "I should have thought so." We retraced our steps, the vicar carrying the register, which he placed on the table in his study. He then produced a bundle at letters, selected two or three, which lie glanced through and handed to me. We compared the signatures with that in the legister. Tliey wore identical. If a forgery, it was the work of an expert. No amateur could have counterfeited so perfectly those singular characters. " Your brother's handwriting bears very little resemblance to yours, I remarked. " Were you much alike in person ? "There was a famiily likeness, not, I think, very strong; but you can judge for yourself. This is my brother's photograph." He pointed to a massive silver frame which occupied the centre' of the mantel piece. I wont over and studied the por trait. It was a large, three-quarter, platina typoof a-tall, handsome man, apparently several years younger than the vicar of Slumber-le-Wold. There was, as he had said, a family likeness between the two faces, but it was not remarkable, and no one could for a moment havo mistaken one for the other. I returned to town, sorely, perplexed, drove straight to the Temple, where,I had wirod, requesting Roskill and,'if possible, Miss Ardilaun, to wait for me, and told my story. 1 Charley was iurious, He made some very intemperate and highly absurd charges against the cjergy in general, and Mr. Martyn in particular, and declared himsel as firmly convinced of Lady Lukestan's good faith as he was of his own. I ventured to suggest that in this case his conviotions were of less moment than those of the judge and jury, and I doubted if any judgo. should share the opinion he had so confidently expressed. For my part, I see only' three possible solutions of the mystery. (1) That Martyn, who was the only person having access to the register, had, for some private motive, tried to suppress the faofc of tho marriage, in -which case tho history of his accident and absence on the 23rd of January was an invention, and could easily bo disproved; (2) That Lord Lukestan, finding the vicar absent, had obtained the services either of another clergyman or someone personating tho same, had gone through the marriage ceremony, by way of satisfying Miss Ardilaun's scruples,; (8) That the story of the marriage was an entire fabrication, tho last resourco of a dispairiug woman, in which caBO it was impossible to account for the entry in the register, }i'): At tins' juncture Lady' Lukestan was announced. She was dressed in deep, but her admirably. She was certainly a very beautiful woman, and, looking into her clear blue .eyes, it seemed impossible to doubt her integrity. ; I questioned her closely1 as to her previous statements, but she never swerved a hair's breadth from her original story. . I-had brought with "me a photograph of Mr. Lucian. Martyan, and ope of ; his brother. " She looked at_ tho former, and failed to recognise it, tliougli sho thought there was something familiar in the ex'presV sion. tI then handed her the portrait of Cyprian Martyn, She gave an involuntary shudder. - r . " That "is tho man who married us," slie said, and laid tlio photograph, facG;down wards, on tho table, " , " Are"'you quite sure," ! urged, " tha.t you are not making a mistake ? The first portrait is that of the present vicar of Slumber-le-wold, the other that of his brother, who, as you knowi is dead.!' I shall never forget her expression at that moment, the mingled horro.-, fear, and repulsion written on her colourless face. " Then it was he J" she cried,. " I knew it. My God ! how. horrible!" She made an uncertain step, forward, stretching out both hands towards RoskilJ, with the sudden uncontrollable impulse of bund terror, and slid helplessly to the ground in a dead faint, I felt certain then of what I had suspected from the beginning, viz., that Miss; Ardilaun knew more of the mystery than she had chosen to confess, and 1 considered she was treating us unfairly; for a lawyer cannot, any more than a physician, advise on an incomplete diagnosis. She had voluntarily placed herself in our hands, and she ought to have taken us unreservedly into her confidence. I found an opportunity of expressing these sentiments to Roskill before he escorted her home, and advised him to try" to get the truth. She might speak freely to him. I was sure she had not done so to me. ; The more I thought over the bearings of the case, the more I questioned' ;V»tlie expediency of taking it into court, .'?The whole weight of evidence.; told against the plaintiff. She could not procJjmpjia!.single witness to corroborate her story., ;/ .<...?.?. That Lukestan intended to marry her there was no reasonable doubt; but the whole proof of the ceremoney having taken place was an entry in the parish register, which was manifestly.a forgery. " .The only witness whose evidence would have carried any weight, the valet Parker, was dead. It was the bare word of a woman, and a woman in desperate straits, against the reason and common sense of the whole world. In my opinion Miss Ardilaun's wisest course would be to keep g[Uiet. Lady Galermarin was now lying in a state of semi-consciousness, and her decease could only be a question of days. Presumably she would have made some provision for [ her nicce, and at her demise Miss Ardilaun would be her own mistress.- She might retire somewhere abroad, and hoi- unhappy story need never be given to the world. But to drag the case into court seemed to be absolutely courting publicity and shame. She might consider herself Lukestan's wife, but, in the eyes of the law and? of society, she was simply bis mistress, arid her child would be declared illegitimate. And then there remained the question, had she really believed herself legally married, or was her story only a last des perate expedient to avert the consequences of a fatal error. The doubts in Miss Ardilaun's sincerity, which her presence invariably tended to dis pel, had an awkward way of returning very forcibly when the magnetism of her per sonal influence was removed. , Late in the afternoon Eoskill returned. I saw at once that he had. something to tell me. He threw his hat and gloves on the table, and began to pace , restlessly up and down the room, "It is thp most extraordinary case that ever has or will be heard," lid said! " She has told you everything;,? ; " Did the marriage overtake place ? " He looked at me murderously. " You heard her say so, that ought to bo proof enough for you." . . . It wasn't but I did not attempt to argue the point. I inquired who had performed the ceremony. " The man .whose name you saw in the register, Cyprian Martin." MBut he's been dead for the last nine months," I objected. "How could lie reappear in the flesh to solemnise a marriage ?" , > . "I don't know," he answered, " how the devil works,.or by what law lie is bound. There are some things which' cannotv be explained. That brute-well the'man is dead, and I won't abuse him, though, living and dead he's behaved like a brutes-got acquained with Pam-Miss Ardilaun, fell in ?love, with her, and wanted to marry her. She refused him, whereupon he conducted himselt in a manner for which his only excuse could be that he was insane at the time. He told her that she liad ruined him body and BOUI, that be meant to have his revenge, and if ever she married, he should marry her, if not to himself, then to another man. .Then he went baok tor his' parish, somewhere in Dorsetshire, and committed suicide." ' . j "Well" I said," what has that to do' with the Lukestan marriage ? " "Everything-the man, kept his word,' He did marry her to Lukestan. The poor girl had a secret terror all the time that he had ' done, so, but the thing seemed so incredible that she fought it down and hoped against hope, until it was impossible .to doubt any. longer." I sat and stared at him blankly. Helwas absolutely serious. . ' ' r"-': " Do you really expeot mo to believe," I said at last, " that a man who has been dead for nine months could rise from his grave, assume bodily form and material clothing,, go through a;form of prayer, extract a. register from a looked chest, make that entry and disappear again into the -Umbo-of tWunknown^" I don't expect anything. I tell you facts.'-'. '? . . " Good heavens, Charley, you must be mad! You can't believe such a monstrous story I" ; ; " I. believe it entirely, lit ia the only rational explanation of thai entry." " Rational I" I echoed, contemptuously. Yes,' i'ational; for what do we know of the powers and limitations of what we are pleased to call spirits ? Nothing. On the other hand, is it reasonable to suppose that three people could obtain access, without a key and without damaging the lock, to a secured1 chest, abstract the register, the whereabouts of which they were entirely ignorant, and make an entry in the name and hand writing of a dead man-a piece of penmanship, moreover, unrivalled in the annals of forgery ? Surely the latter theory is as groat a strain on your credulity as the former." " Take it into court and see what they say to it thoro ?" " I intend to do so," he answered, quietly. " No solicitor will undertake the case." "If you mean.that you won't. 1 shall find someone who will, though I would much rather receive instructions from you than a Btranger," Then I gave tongue. For two hours I used every argument in my power. I stormed, I persuaded ; I believe I threatened but he remained guile unmoved. " It isn't the least use, Jack," lie said, when at last I stopped exhausted. " Legally and morally Pamela is Lukestan's widow, and I moan to fight to the last gasp for her rights. If we suceeed, so much the better for her and her children. If we fail, well, we shall have done our best to vindi cate-truth and-justice. In either case, I may as well tell you that I intend to make her my wife. Her aunt is not expected to live through the night. She1 will be ulone iu the world, then, and I shall marry her as soon as I decently can. I believe she has cared for- mo from the first," he added, softly, with the sublime and overweening credulity of a man who loves. I doubted it, but what was tli6 use of saying so. Roskill's will haB all through our joint lives dominated that of his weaker brother ; and when a few days later; I heard from* Miss Ardilaun's lips the particulars cff her extraordinary story, I succumbed to that personal influence which would subdue any man save an incorruptible and unpre judiced judge. ' The long and the phort" of it was that Roskill had .his way,, and in process of time the case of "Lukestan v. Lukestan aiid others" came on for hearing, Miss Ardilaun's .appearance created a profound sensation in court. She told her story simply and directly, and the most severe croBS-examination failed to shake her in the smallest detail. The fact of Lukestan's having taken out a special license, together with his. letters (produced^, proved lie desired to be, and believed he was, legally married. The evidence of the station master at Garstang, of the innkeeper from whom the trap was hired, of the villagers who Baw the party through Slumber- le-Wold, all confirmed their progress to the very door of the church, but there stretched a gulf which no human witness could bridge. The personality of the officiating priest, the authorship of the entry in the register, alike remained an inexplicable mystery. It was admitted on all hands that Roskill's speech was a model of forensic rhetoric. He surpassed the utmost expec tation of those who had prophisied for him a brilliant future, and placed himself at once in tlie front rank of the Junior. Bar. But no argument, however powerful, could have convinced a dozen hard-headed, prac tical Englishmen of the possible existence of ghosts. They were called upon to decide whether Cyprian Martyn, being. dead, had resumed his fleshy habit to solemnize a marriage which consigned the woman who , had rejected him to shame and obloquy, or whether, on the other hand, Pamela Ardilaun, had, with the late Lord Lukestan and Parker,"the valet, fraudulently obtained access to the parish register and therein forged the entry of a fictitious marriage and the twelve gobd men' and' true'unhesi tatingly decided against the ghost. Judgment was given for the defendant, with costs, and Pamela Ardilaun left the court a ruined woman. The slender fortune left her by her aunt was more than swallowed up by the expenses of the trial. Her fair famo was blasted, she was branded before ??the world as an-imposter and an adventuress. Verily, if hev story were truo Cyprian Martyn had taken a complote revenge. ; ~ Yet the woman was. not left utterly desolate. Through all stress of weather .Roskill's love stood firm., He absolutely refused to be dismissed. He assumed the management .of her affairs, providod lier with a home, and procured the first medical advice when, broken down with anxiety and despair, her life hung trembling in the balance. He followed to the grave the hapless infant, who lived just long enough to receive its father's baptismal names of Arthur Evelyn, and, tiually; jn spite of her repeated refusals to burden him with her wretched life, made het his wife. . A year after Lukestan's tragic death the two were married before the Registrar. Nothing would have induced either to risk a repitition of the horrors of that othor wedd ing, and as the law takes no coguisanco of ghosts, Cyprian Martyn's uneasy spirit was unable to intarfere in the civil ceremony which made Miss Ardilaun Charley Roskill's wife. - 1 