TAuBt"OTr TRUST:' BY MARY ANGELA DICKENS AND MARGARET MOULI. CHAPTER XIIL--(CoarIuanD.) Shalrp and ringing the denial had toe, with a defiance in it far fiercer than wan weeded to subdue Mrs Carryl. It was succeeded by a pause, broken only by the wound of MIe Carryl'es feeble sobs, and then Valentine said in a quick, excited voice: "Does anone else think this? My step. Sather?" "Yes," murmured Mrs Carryl tearfully. "'Oh, don't he- veed, Valentine! What eles could anyone think ?" The handle of the fire-screen snapped suddenly in Valentine's fingers. She threw the pieces fiercely from her, and began to -walk up and down the room with impetuous steps, her face alight and working with ex citement. "I'm very sorry, Valentine!" wept Mrs Csrryl. At that most inopportune moment the door epened with no warning sound of footeteps on the softly carpeted landing outside, and the footman announced: "Mr Scudamore!" And Mr Scudamore followed his name so promptly, that Mrs Darryl had barely time to flee by the door at the other end of the double drawing roonmbefore him burly presence was in the room. At the first sound of the footman's announcement Valentine stopped abruptly in her walk, and a strange wave of colorrushed over her face. It passed, and left her eyes ncsshing still, but -with a tight of sudden resolution. She turned quickly and met Mr Soudamore with her hand outstretched, and her sweetestemile. "I am so glad to see you," she" said graciously. " Have you come to see me or \---ystepfather? I'm afraid he is out, but if I shall do-" she broke ofe with an irre sistible smile and pointed carelessly to a asat. - MIr Soudamore had made his appearance with a boisterous appearance cf ease, which was suggestive of distinct want of ease. A shade of anxiety, almost amounting to ner -oueness, had been visible in his rough features. For a moment the reception sao -carded to him seemed to place him completely at a loss, and his greeting, as he shook hands with an enthusiasm hardly compatible with a seeond meeting in one day, was more or less incoherent. Then he seated himself, awk wardly enough, in the chair pointed out to him. " I'm awfully glad to find you like this, haiss Clinton."he said brusquely. " I was asraid I'd offended you." Valentine laughed gently. and sat down. Her cheeks were very flushed. - "I'm afraid. I was croes," she said graciously. I hope I wasn't very rude? mso sorry. "You weren't cross,"' was Sonadamore's prompt, if somewhat rough, disalaimer.: "And I'd do 'with you a ;great deal. ruder to have you-to have you like this' after -wards." . "You ie, I' rather spoilt,' said Valen tine, smiling at him, and apparently hardly hearing his words. "I have always had-my own way-and I like it." S"'Why, of conre ; you would, yeu know." assented Scudamore eagerly. "You're the wind of girl'who ought to have her own way." His conntenance by this time was positively radiant. Perhaps it was the effectof reaction from the uncertainty in which he had entered the room; or perhaps it was the, sense of contrast between her past moo~,and the mood in which she now met him, but something seemed to create in him a kind' of excitement and elation. He paused a moment, and then leant suddenly forward, his face very red and eager. "Miss Clinton," he began, " I've got something to say to you." The color died suddenly out of- Valentine's face, her very lips whitened, and she rose impulsively and rang the bell. " We'll have some tea," she said breath lessly. "And 3Mrs Carryl will like to see you. I'll send for her." CHAPTER XIV---A UNxrv rnED MBr A week passed by. The last days of Jan -ary ran outin alternations of fog and rain, and the first of February brought with it ancertain gleams of sunshine; that seemed by contrast like a promise of spring itself. Mrs Carryl's temporary insanity-her con dunt in daringValentine'e displeasure seemed tober, as she looked back on it, tiothinr less -i--was noveroiluded to. It~ soperficial effects were traceable in the deprecatinijr timidity of the culprit's minner, and in a elightoldness in Valentine's manner towards her. But to everyone else Valentine was unus nally sweet and gracious during that week. She was very bright, and very light hearted, even a little unnaturally so. For Mr Saudamore she had always her most charming smile, and he basked in that amile as if it were to him the raysof the sun. Only she avoided being left alone with him, sometimes seeming to rebel against the idea almostinvoluntarily. It was part of the excitability which had become characteristic of her, that on the morning of the first of February she came down to breakfastfull of enthusiasm on the subject of Geoffrey's birthday. It was a subject that had dropped somewhat out of sight in the newer and originally apparently temporary interest of Mr Scudamore. Geof frey, himself, however, having hadverylittle interest in Mr Scudamore's society, had had aore leisure to give to the consideration of lis own future. The first sign of Valentine's interest that morning was quits enough to -draw him into eager and confidential talk. DIirectly after breakfast he followed Valen tine into her morning-room, and established himself so that he could look up into her face asehe sat at herwriting.table. And meeting his eager, anxious eyes, Valentine laid down ier pen. It was nearly bhalf-past eleven; they had been talking for more than an hour. Geoffrey had seat forth his plana with a mlnaniness and thoughtfulness new t'him, and Lorin of tihe sense atof responsibility which had gradually grown up in him; and Valentine, as he talked, had lost something of her rest less brightness, and, as she grew more sym pathetic, had grown graver and gentler. She had discussed his ideas with him, had -drawn him out to enlarge upon all his theories, and at last the subject was practi cally exhausted, and a silence ensued. It was broken by Geoffrey. He threw himself uInxuriously back against the rofa, clasped his hands behind his head, and said contentedly: "This is like old times, Val." Ihe started sliehthy, and turned her face towards him with-a vague smile as he went en, boyihly: ' We haven't-had a morning like this for . ages, have we ? It's plost awfully jolly ." The rnm.wo "o t ahey were was at the drontoftb'.~eehaand from where she sac Valentine cound se into the street below. She was gasingdowni with dreamy eyes when, quite suaddenly, she started; a hot color S-ashed over her face, and she roes and rang te bell peremptorily. Taken by surprise -eoffrey looked at her enquiringly as she stood waiting for the servant's appearance, \- t she did not speak until her summons was "I am not at home," she ?aid;then im-. perlously, "Not at home to any one, _ nd i" A fitful gleam ci sunshine was lighting up the street, and underneath the windows its watery rays fell on two horses, one of which carried a groom, while from the other a large zod-monstaehed figure was dismounting. ~ The servant left the room, and Valentine urned once more to Geoffrey, her cheeks -Iashed, her eyes shining. " I think I muea go out, Geoff," she said lnnraptly. "It's a shame to wate the sun saine, and I want to see about your birthday present." "I'm coming with you, then," he said, arting up'with a laugh. - Coming to see what it is,.Vl ." "Coming with me!" she returned, laugh ing rather excitedly. "You'll do no such thong, air! I m going alone. Good-.bye- -ill we meetagain. I don't quite knowwhen 4hat will be. I han't be at home to lunch, -ad I'm engaged all the afternoon; and then ur're going out to dinner, aren't youi? But dill whenever it is--good-boe i" And with a gay little gesture of farewell .Ale disappeared. She spentnearly an.hour in a round of Saopping, throwing herselfinto her oocupa. S4ion with a feverish energy and excitement. And, when, at the end ot that time, sho gave Iar coachman the order to drive to one of the iesrgejewellers in Regent street, there were ldeines about the pretty, spiroted month. 8he ordered the set of studs wLich was to be -ar birthday present to Geoffrey, and turnmed to leave the shop. She had just passed out on to the pavement irst nublieah in conecton with "All the -u-Bo und." when ?ddanly she stopped short; stopped' as theegh she had been transfixed where she stood, her face quite white, her eyes fixed on the approaching figure of aman. It wae Kenneth Gaunt. He was coming along rapidly, looking neither to the right nor theleft, and he did not see her. He was in the act of passing her, stillnot seeing heir, hen she moved forward impulsively andhel out her hand. " How do you do T' she said in a low, quick voice. With a start so riolent that he almost seemed to exclaim,;thougth no word passed his lips, Kenneth Gaunt stopped snort abruptly and stared into the white face before him as though he were looking at a ghost. For that one moment every drop of blood seemed to recede from his face. Then it came slowly back again, a deep sullen red, and he took the hand held out to him, almost reluctantly. " How do youn do, Miss Clinton?" ho said, and he said it ungracionsly enough. - Having shaken hands he made amovement as if to pass on, but Valentine stopped him. Her eyes were fixed upon his face; they had grown wide and pitiful, and her lips trembled as she spoke. Kenneth Gannt's appearance was greatly changed since the days when he had gone about at Templecombe a prosperous and well satisfied young man. It was not strange that he should show no signs of desiring to prolong an interview with anyone who had known him then. He was shabbily dressed, and he was keenly oonscious as he stood before Miss Clinton of the deficiencies of his appearance ; but his face told far more than didhis worn coat. It was the fae of a man who had passed through'the cruellest process to which youth and hope can be subjected; that process of continual failure and disappointment which makes those two hard elements of human life seem normal and inevitable. The features were haggard and sharpened; the month was set into a sullen enduraince and the eyes held a fierce bitterness. AllU that air of well-being, which had been such a conspinous feature with him, had disap " I-I am very glad to see you," said Valentine, faltering in most unusual fashion. Then drawing up her head with a stately movement, which was an outward sign of the effort with which she mastered herself, she went on with that dignity with which a woman covers so mouh, not only from others, but from hersell. "Are you living in London now ?:1' " Yes." answered Kenneth, curtly, " at present." His eyes were fixed on her now with a longing gaze in them of which Valentine only saw the bitterness, and she said, with something of an effort: " Will you tell me what you are doing?" Kenneth laughed harshly. " It's easily told," he said, bitterly. "N' othing, Miss Clinton." "' Have yon done nothing since--" "Nothing," he returned. "There doesn't appear to be any demand, even in London, for doubtful characters. I imagine .the market is overstocked." "Oh, don't I" cried Valentice. "Don't i" Se had lifted his hat, and moved to leave her, but her words arrested him perforce. He turned his worn young' face to her once more and paused. "I beg your pardon, 3Miss Clinton," he said, gently. "You were always more than just to me, and it was an abominable thing to say to you. May I put you into your carriage ." Valentine made no answer. Her fingers closed on a little parcel that she held so tightly that its contents were crushed and spoiled. She turned and walked mechrni cally to her brougham, got in, and allowed Kenneth to close the door for her. Then he shook hands with her in silence, and the carriage drove off. And Valentine leant back in her place, her face set and uroud; oblivious of the noise of Regent street, oblivious of the fine, drizzling rain that was beginning to fall, saying to herself, again and again: "I am just to hint; only just to him." CHAPTER XV.--Mn. SCUD?VORe Is AccErTEn. It was seven o'clock in the evening, and Valentine was standing in the morning-room. It still wanted more than half an hour to dinner-time, but Valentine was' dressed, and rather magnificently dressed, for she was going later with Mrs Carryl to a large "at home" at a very smart house. The apngnificence suited her stately young SftreuFo perfection; the wayinwhich herhair -as ?,eesed seemed to accentuate the 'urve of b neck, and the jewels in it seemed the # ,eal setting for the proud, delicate face. S. Jas a very proud fsee this evening and very pale, and her pose, as she stood with one sa nll foot on the fender, was defiant in its nasughtiness. She was apparently waiting, for she turned expectantly when the door opened and Mark Dorrisant came in. He was also in evening dress. He and Geoffrey were going together to dine with a friend-a Mr Everett, in Hyde Park Gar. dens. " You wanted to speak tome, Queen Val," he said. "I have finished dressing with all speed accordingly; for we must be off in about ten minutes." "Thank you," she answered. "Yes, I do want to speak to you, please." Her manner wasrather unusual She had smiled as he opened the door, but her. tone was rather distant. He glanced at her, and then quietly waited for her to speak. Without any circumlocution she began at once, her voice firm and unhesitating. "I want to speak to you about Hr Gaunt," she said. "I am very sorry to give yonpain -perhaps I thought more of that than of justice-but something must be done !" She spoke with a calmness too loity for perfect reality, and Mark Dorrisant listened with his eyes on her face, a quick flash leap ing into them on her first words, to be in. stantly subdued into a deeper gravity. There was an instant's pause as she stopped, and then before he answered her he averted his eyes from her face. And as he did so the faintest tinge of color touched Valentine's pale cheeks. "I am afraid I must ask you to eiplain," he said genttly. "Mr Gaunt's prospecte, in life have been utterly ruined while ho was in my service. I, myself, by a most nnfortunate chain of cir cnmetances, played a large part in bringing about a ruin founded on injusticesand mis take. It is my duty, from every poin of view, to see that something is done to make amends." She paused, bnt Mark Dorrisant did not speak. He was gazing steadily down at the fire, his handsome face very grave. And Valentine, touched by his silence, went on affectionately: "Pater," she said, "I know you only did what you thought right. I can't bear to up. pose you. But you can't prove his guiltany meore than I can prove-than his innocence can be proved, and is it just that a man's life should be spoilt on mnch temsa?" She paused abruptly, and Dorrisant lifted his eyes and looked at her. The color deepened in her cheeks; her face, which had softened into pleading as she spoke, set itself into pronder lines than before, and she went on: "I have spoken to you about it because I want you to see MIr Gaunt and find out how we can help him. He can get nothing to do. That is our fault, and something must he done !" Dorrisaet looked at her again. " Have you seen him? " he said iltckly. Valentine stretched out one beantsful bare arm eand clasped her fan as it lay on the mantelpiece. The white fingers lshook, but it was with no gentle emotion. Her eyes were blazing. "1 met him to-day in Regent' street I" she said haughtily. Mrk Dorrisant turned away, as if with an impulse of most delicate consideration, and looked at her no more. The color in her cheeks became a burning crimson; then it ebbed away and left her face quite white. Looking straight at him, and seeming to keep herself still by an. intense effort of which the strain of that outetreched arm was an outward sign, she said: " I cannot tell you where he lives, but you will be able to find him, of course I Will you go to him, please, and see what can be done ?" Mark Dorrisant turned, and took her hand with gentle force into both his I woduld do anything to plea you, Valentine l" he said, gravely. "But there are more reasons than one why I cannot do that." He released her hand and turned towards the door. Valentine made no efforttode tain him; apparently all her force was ab sorbed in the tumult of passionate sensation with which her white face was eloquent outraged pride, wounded self-respect, pe-. sienatdeeZ,--Lor ashe stood there perfectly motionless. A few moments passed and then the sound of Geoffrey's voice, as he answered Mark Doeriaant'a call, foolowed.instantLv.by. the closing mound of the street door, as the two set out for their dinner-party together, all fellonValentine's ears clearly, hut with out making any impression on her conscionus ness; The dinner-bell rang at last. Valentine roused herself, crossed the room with a trange expression on her face, and went downstairs. All through dinner she hardly spoke, and thatalbsorbed expression never altered ; Mrs Carryl, after receiving several monosyllabic answers, decided feebly that "Valentine was angry about something." Theexpree. sionnwas on hir pale faoe still, when she was received by her hostess. some two hours later, and passed on into a crowded drawing room. " Howdo you do, Miss Clinton P" The speaker was Mr Sacudmore, presenting an imposing array of white shiirt-front to the public gaze, and as she turned with a slight start at the sound of his voice, Valentine's face changed for the first time, and a light came into her eyes. " How do you do 2" she said, holding out her hand eagerly, and smiling at him. "What shot room, isn'tit ? Have you been hero long 2" Valentine had herself introduced Mr Souda more to their hostess, so his presence could have beenno surpriseto her. Nevertheless, there was a certain excitement about her only attributable to some sudden emotion. Scudamore looked at her shining eyes with his own full of admiration, and then said, apparently as a daring and hopeless experi-. ment: "Let us"r o on into the conservatory; it's ever so much cooler there." She hesitated an instant, then she turned to him with a quick movement. "Yes, Mr Scudamore," she said, "I think theconservatory sounds very attractive." She turned as ehespoke and walked away by his. aide, her.eyes brighter thanevef. Her progre th h the room was rather a long busi ness, mbe had to exchange greetings with acquaintances at every step; but she pursued her way steadily, never allowing herself to get separated from the burly figure which followed her with dogged per sisteney, and in the course of time they reached the curtained entrance which led into the conservatory, and through which could be seen a vista of tall palms and ferns, occupied by only ,ome half dozen figures. Without an instant's pause or hesitation Valentine crossed the threshold. There was no one whom she knew in sight, and she and Soudamore were practically alone. " Supposo we sit down ?" he suggested. His voice was unevenas though with some unusual excitement, and his florid face was flushed. "It would be rather nice," assented Valen tine. There was a touch of excitement about her, .too, and the ribbon of her fan was twisted tightly round her fingers. At the farther end of the conservatory there was a seat behind a huge mass of palms. Towards this Scudamore moved, and she moved by his side, the light os her fhoe growing more defant--self-defiaut, it seemed. She sat down. Scudamore rated himself beside her, and there was a silence. She muade no at tempt to break it, and at last cundamore said abruptly: " Miss Clinton, I don't suppose there's any need for me to beat aboutthe bush much, and I'm not likely to gets better opportunity than this. I set my mind on having you for my wife the first mouent that I saw you." He paused, and then added brusquely, with a fierce passion in his rough voice : " Is it be ' yes' or ' no?0" Almost before the words were uttered,, \Valentino turned to him, her face as white as the feathers of her fan, and held out her hand. "It is ' yes', " she said, in a low voioe. Then, as he made arough movement as if to draw her to him, she rose with a strange, strangled laugh. " I think-nothere i" she said. There had been a strange ring of triumph in her laugh, and the same triumph was gleaming in her eyes as she and Scudamore passed back into the drawing room together. (TO sE CooerusUED.) 