TALES AND 8KET0HE8 THORPE MANOR GHOST. Dear Fiuxs.— I havo found tho veiy houso for you— Jacobean period, and almost original. It was n trifio spoiled by somo Philintino individual about thirty years since, hut with your tasto and tho aid of tho local architect, everything can bo put right. This Tionrl nf hnnnn iroeg hv tho nQTDO of ThornC Manor, and is, of courso, haunted, so you may roltovc tho monotony of country life by u genuino ghost hunt.— Ever jours, Joux Rxoowat. P.S. — Tho house is in Sumy, about four miles from AVinton Station, xou had better come down at once, as I hoard somo ono elso is aftr it. Atthattimol was a lairly good- looking, well-to-do baoholor o t thirty- fivo. My ample leisure I devoted to antiquarian researches literary work, and tho collection oi curios. I had no relatives and lew frionds, and I lived an almost solitary and porfectly happy life in my chambers. Among what some pooplo called my I nmwa " wna an nnthiininnm -fnv nnniant houses, and I had deputed JohnBidg- way, an artist friond of mine, who lived in Surry, to find mo a genuine old country houso — 4 dreamy, rambling place — where I could spend tup summer. Hence his letter. As tho train stoamcd into tho littlo station at Winton, John rushed up to my carriage and olaspod my hand. Dear old chap, he quite beamed with joy at the prospect of showing me his "Charming old place! I've had my oye on it for months !" he said as we walked over the common. Then ho produced tho inevitable note-book and pencil and was soon drawing plans and explaining de tails. As wo passed through tho village we called upon the houso agent and took him with us. Ho was a pro saic man, and evidently thought we were a couple of mild lunatics, so ex cited did we becomo whon, suddenly turning a stoep incline, we stood in front of Thorpe Manor. It was a quaint old house, standing back a littlo from tho road, and its walls woro as porfect as whon thoy woro first built, but mellowod nnd beautified by time. >ve wataea up mo prim gravel path to the wide doorway with its fantastio carving. .Here our agent produced a huge, rusty key and un locked tho door, which swung hack easily, on its largo hinges. Woontorod and went through the rooms, which had low ceilings and bread window seats. Most of these had panelled walls, though some of them had been covered with paper, which, of course, we said must come oil. One of the bed rooms — which I thought from tho elaborate carving on the high mantel shelf and the beautiful oak panelling, had originally been tho state one — was perfect. I felt strangely attractod to this room, I know not why, nnd as we turned to leave I lingered behind the others for a parting glance. Then I slowly went down tho winding stair way. "Seen the ghost?" askod John, jestingly. The agent looked uneasy. Ghosts are tiresome things and are apt to militate veiy much against the chances of secur ing a good tenant, but I ro-assured him by romarkingthatlrather liked ghosts, and that so far as I could see the house was oxaotly what I tf antod. Of course' there wore many details to be sottled about tbo leaso, ropnirs, and other matters, and I stipulated that I should be allowed to niako somo alter-, ations, such as temoving tho staring plata glass with which tho lato owner had " modernized " tho windows of tho lower rooms. Six weeks later I waB installed in my new residonco. Tho alterations were not nearly completed, hut declining the Bidgways' pressing invitation to take up my quarters with them, I occupied two rooms in the - old houso and en- gaged a woman in the village to come daily and attond to my simple wants. On the third evening after my arrival 1 was smoking my favourite pipo by a wood fire in the oak room, which I had made my bedroom. It was nearly twelve o'clock, but being accustomed to late hours I did not feel inclined for bed — far from it. I decided to havo ono mere pipe, and hastily taking up my pouch I began to refill my pipe. Suddenly I stopped short, and with my littlo finger still rammed into tho bowl of tho pipo, loft my chair and walkod to the opposite sido of tho room, for I could have sworn I saw thopannolling move evor so slightly upward. Nor was I mistaken, for very slowly the whole panel disappeared and in tlio opening stood tho figure of a woman. The room was dark, for the wood fire had begun to smoulder, so I could not seo what she was like — young or old, ugly or beautiful. I was not nervous — I had a a pro found disbelief in the supernatural — so I simply waited to soe what the in- truder proposed to do. one advanced into tho room and camo closo to my elbow, . then raised her head ' and beckoned me to follow hor. Of courso I went, and she led mo through tho aperture and down a stoop wooden staircase. It was pitch dark, hut I struck matches at intervals. My com panion wont on quickly novor looking . behind hor, but I smiled as sho raised hor skirts gingerly from tho dusty stairs, and once I saw tho woman shudder os.a rat scuttled by. " No ghost this," thought I. On we wont down tho wooden stairs till at last we camo to some stones all green and humid, owing to neglect. Wo continued our courso, going down flight aftor flight of damp, slippery stairs, till at length, to my relief my companion paused boforo a heavy I oakeu door then opened it and entered; Following hor, I found myself in a low, vault-like chambor, more like a coll than anything olso. Tho floor was stono, tho walls woro bare, but it was apparently inhabitod, for thoro woro a fow articles of furniture a rickety, spindle-legged tablo, a couplo of kigk-bneked, worm-eaton chairs, and a battorcd horsehair sofa. In tho grato, too, burnod a small lira, and a couplo of tall wbito caudles in tar- nisliod sconces woro on tho narrow mnntolsholf. In tho Aim light afforded by theso candles nnd tho lira I closely scruti- kiisod the woman who had brought mo thoro. Sho was tall nnd elondor, nnd woro a long russot gown of au old-fushioncd cut, but korfaco was palo nnd snd, with sharp, cloar-out features, and a mass of rough, reddish hair was carelessly twistoa into a long knot at the napo of her neck. Sho motioned mo to ono of tho chairs, taking the othor herself, and sho now sat bonding over tho fire, ap parently too doep.in her own bitter ro- leotions to be conscious of my prcsonco: xuo uxprussiuii oo nur linn, wore iucu was very sorrowful, and hor hands woro tightly clinched in hor lap. But, though thin and worn, hor faco was still lovely, and as I gazed I thought how lovoly itwould bo were tho hollows filled out and the deep lines smoothed away. Suddenly, with a littlo resolute gesture, she turned towards mo, and began to speak in low, rapid tones. i orougnc you noro uocnuso i wanted to toll you my story, and 1 want you to help if you will givo it." Thon, with voice .rising and falling with varying emotions, and withdeop, ;roy eyes fixed on my faco, sho told icr sad talo. Tho beginning wns commonplaco onough — a beautiful, wilful girl ; a stern, unyielding fatbor; two lovors, ono bravo and handsome, the other moroso and unattractive; a proposod flight — a sudden death — a broken heart — tbo last, throo woro tho tragic oloments. " And I saw thorn carry him by tho houso — dead," sho said, spoakiug in a strange, dull way, "and for a long timo I think I must havo lost uiy souses. Whon my father still insisted uu uij uiuittugu wim tuu wruica uu had clnson for my husband, I raised no protest. I viewed tho preparations for tho wedding with indifference. I seemed turned to stone. But a week before tho marriago my reason re turned, and 1 realised tho horror of die coil which was tightening around mo. Then it was that I determined on what was virtually a living burinl. I was born in tbi& dear old houso, and I know every nook and cranny of it. My foster mother had shown mo the sliding panel in tho room above that which 1 occupied, and sho and I were tho only living persons who knew tho secret. Sho was devoted to mo, and 1 at length won her over to my plan. " On tho night boforo my bridal day I fled down hero, and horo I havo re mained over since. For eight yenrs I have boon dead to tho world. I had valu&blo; jowollery which had boon. my dead mother's. That has boeu gradu ally sold, and on tho prococds 1 havo subsisted. My foster mother comes daily and brings mo food — not through tho houso, of course. Thoro is a secrot path and door of communication in tho gardon." 11 And tho ghost?" I, queried. 11 Oh," sho said, with a queor littlo smilo, "lam tho ghost! You soo, I wanted to keep tho houso empty, so that I might wander about the rooms and grounds ; but now I am tired of this unnatural oxistenco. Life will always bo sad for mo ! I havo had a dreadful grief, and all my dear onos are dead ; but, in spite of all, my youth roasserts itself, and solitudo has lost its charm. So I wish to ro:urn to tho world, and you can help mo to do so. Will you ?" Of courso I helped hor, and within a wock iroiu that timo tuo Thorpe Manor " ghost " — now laid for over — was safe under the kind wing of John Hidgway's homely littlo wife, and by the time tho rosos wore blooming in my sweet-scontcd, old- fashioned garden, the "ghost," too, had bloomed into beauty, nnd I, sober old bacholor, had fallen inlovo— quito hopelessly, I told mysolf, for hor heart was with her dead, and yot it happenod that one June afternoon, as wo stood alooo by 'the sundial on the eloping shady lawn, something gavo mo courago. Perhaps it was that sho looked so swcot in hor fresh muslin gown, with tho flower in her bolt, or porhaps becaueo I caught a strange, fleeting look in her sby grey eyes ; anyway, I know Bho murmured that sho loved tho dear old home, with its many gables and pretty gardon. Thon I whispered ; "Xoed you lenvo it?" And looking under tho broad-brimmed garden hat into hor flushed happy faco, I added, "Come, swoot ghost, and haunt tho old place for over I" And sho consented . 