pfOW FIBST PUBLISHED.] A SENSATIONAL STORY OF LOVE AXD CRIME, BY (jiOIM)O-N STABLES, M.D., R.iT. Author of " 289 11. Tke Story of a Double Life," " The Mystery of a Mil lioiiaire's Grave, <fcc., &c.; [ALL BIGHTS KESEHYED.] CHAPTER. XXI If.-LIFE ON THE MOUNTAIN WAVE. It seemed very hard on Frank McNaugliton. Just as fate was beginning to smile on him once more, just as he was becoming less unhappy more hopeful and forgetful, something else was going to happen. What this something was he could as yet form not the slightest notion. The 'Stars' came up hand over hand, and soon was near enough to talk by means of a blackboard and chalk. Frank waited and waited and when he could no longer stand the 6usp<sns?, he rung his bell and the steward entered. 41 don't feel over-well,' he said. * Better have something, sir. Xhere is a bit o' motion on to-day, sir. ISTot much used to the sea, I daresay. But leave it to nie, I'll fix you up in a jiffey.' Next minute he was back with a * corpse-reviver,' which Frank was certainly not sorry to swallow. 4 What is the delay, steward ?' ' O, nothing much, sir. Hauled the foreyard aback to let the ' Stars' transfer a passenger. Thai's all. * O, is that all ?' Frank's mind felt immediately re lieved now. He lay for a short time longer on the sofa, and was just pre paring to get up and return to deck, when Rover, who sat near him on the floor, started to his feet with hair on end and growling low but threaten ingly 1 In here, is he, stoo'ard ? O, I ain't afraid o* dogs. 'Sides I believe this one knows me. Wo! Jlover, my boy, it's an old friend.* Next moment the crimson curtain was drawn aside, andCholly Harrison stood irresolate in the doorway. The dog gave him no welcome not even a Bign of recognition. Cholly was what is called dressed to deatb. He was tailor-built to some purpose, and surely i o millionaire j could have exhibited a larger display! of diamonds. : 'William, my dear boy, this is a] happy meeting! Though you don't look like half pleased to see your eld friend.' 4Come in,' said his victim. 'Lie down doggie. Wow seat yourself and shut the door.' Cholly sat for a moment, his face all ablaze with smiles. | * Who con Id a' thought it/ he said at last. 4 You see, Wi'liam, I heard you'd gone in the4 Wave' so I came on in the 'Stars.' Was told the 4Stara' could beat the 4 Wave* by a week at least. Then I could meet you on the quay, and renew our old friendship. But nobody had any idea we'd over haul the Wave on our way. What's in that bottle, William ? Anything nice to drink ?' 4 Poison!' said Frank, * and I was about to drink. I'll wait.® 4 No, William, ye always was a softy, and you're going to die a softy. But you needn't an t shouldn't. Don't be a fool alt »gether. I've taken con siderable pains to find you.' 4 Harrison,' sai l Frank, 'out w-th it. Don't tantalise. I may jump on you presently and strangle yju where you sit.' Cholly showed no signs of fear. He looked Frank as steadily in the face as any drunkard can look a sane and sober man. 4 Them's terrible words, William,' he said. 4 Puts me in mind o' certain words I heard at an inquest once. They were these -4 I'll strangle him at her feet.' Frank fell back on the sofa as if struck by a shot. 1 Now, William, I'd advise you to leave strangling to him vvlio-e busi ness it is. He II do it scientific-like you know, while cap, the knot right over tlie carati'd artery, long drop, everything complete, and-there you are.' Frank sat up now. He was pale font quiet and earnest. Me pointed to the door. * Harrison, leave this cabin,' he cried. * Tell Captain Boniface I want to see him. I shall give myself up.' ' Now we're showing the goose,* said Cholly, leaning towards Frank and talking earnestly, 4 William Smith, as you now elect to be called, I didn't come here to peach on yon. Had we met at 'Frisco instead of here as Fate lias willed, I would not have given you iucharge for Wallard's murder. You .saved my life. I have a little gratitude. But I am poor, and ill-luck has dogged my footsteps all through life, but William, if I give up the drink and if you'll lend me a few pounds to make a fresh start-I'll cat my tongue out sooner than peach on you. There!' 4 In other words, you ask me, Harrison, to purchase your silence at a price a trile above £150. Eh ! that is it, is it not F 4 Y es,' said Cholly, * you've guessed about right. £300 and a free passage back to Sydney '11 do the trick, and 10 see that all is fair and square you ehall .see me on board, and safe in bed before you pay the money.5 * And if I refuse ?' 1 Yon can't. Life is sweet. William, you've a frieud at your feet. Jnet twig bow that dog is looking at ye. * Buy your life,' he is saying, 'buy your life for poor Hover's sake.' * For Rover's sake then I will and do,' said Frank. * Harrison, I accede to your terms.' * Bravo! Mow burn that,' said Cholly, * and shake hands.' He handed liim a copy of a reward bill as he spoke, that terrible docu ment that seemed to dodge his foot steps ail over the world. * .Now, Harrison,' said Frank, * there is one thing that both for your sake and mine you must do. Without your compliance my life during the voyage will be unbearable, and-I'll end it. Yon must give up drinking. Come, I shall make it easy for you. I will put you on allowance. All you get must pass through my hands. I'll tell both captain and stewards that you are an iuva'idL Believe uie, that in a week's time you will feel a very happy man indeed, if guided by me. Don't refuse.' 4 One minute," said Cholly. 4 My dear boy, perhaps you have never known what it is to have a craving for vinous stimulants, as doctors call 9 3 em. * Not much,' said Frank, * though woe is me! it was drink that caused my ruin, and if you ever suffered as I have done at ilie time and since, I do indeed pi'y you f:o:u the very bottom of rnv heart.' ' WltaWill:a'ii, my fait;t-like friend, is it j»o.«riible that even you locked upon the wine when it was red F' * Onee, Cholly, once. I do not wish to take my own part, but I do most th roughly believe that through all those dreadful days or weeks I was ma.*.' ' Well, William, ifceeems to me that this conversati' 11 of ours is resolvin' itself into a little temperance talk, | and that if any of the godly society of | water- bibers were here, it would do ' 'em good to cock their long ears o' one side and listen to us. But I say, William, talking on. temperance is dry work, couldn't we just ring the bell for the stoo'ard, and have a drop o' fizz. O* only for fashion's sake, nothing more, William, I assure you.' The steward came at the summons, and in a few minutes Cholly's eyes were sparkling quite as much as the brimming- g'ass of Moet he held in his somewhat shaky hands. * Here's to our merry meeting, William,' he said. ' And now,' he continued, as soon as he had tossed of one tumbler and had it refilled. * Mow it doesn't seem half so difficult to make pledges of reformation after you've quenched your thirst with stuff like that. Well, I am now quite willing <o consider your proposal. First, I t hink you said you were to tell the captaiu and stoo'ards I was on allowacne, and that you were the only allowance. Weren't that it, William ?' * That was something like my pro posal.' * And I daresay I was to sit by you at table and you'd kintJer fill my glass or pass the bottle with a wind, eh ?' 4 Yes, that would do.® 1 Ah! well, to this last I couldn't hare any kind o' possible objection. But, William dear, don't forget that boozers have their feelings. I'm not alludin' to the Jumps now, William, to snakes, and such, and bushels of starty dreams. Mo, certainly not, but ordinary feeling. They sort of objects to be looted down upon. Mow you go and tell that long-faced skipper, or that lantern-jawed mate' or the stoo'ards that I can'i have except what you allows me, aud the whole jiug-berry biling o' them would look down upon me as if I was a crocki dile, or a bear at the end of string. No, William, that cock won't fight.' * I don't see, Cholly, how else we can arrange it. * Hold hard: there's many wavs. I'm a patient in the doctor's hands, we'll say. Mot a bad idea, that. Suffering from a little deadly internal complaint; Jiving by rul<% and all that. This, you see, would give me an interest in the ladies eyes. And that young tin, dear boy, she is pretty enough to make a man throw stones at the parson if she only axed him. Now, William, this is my motion. D 'ye seond it P 4 L suppose I must.' * Bravo! Well, we have now to con sider the nature of my ailment. Let us run through the internal organs, figuratively speakin'. Mind, I was meant for the medical perfess, myself, once. Bo then we have the spleen, kidneys, liver, heart, lungs, and organic nerves. Well, my William, the spleen sounds cross, as you might say, and smacks o' ill-nature; as for affections of the kidneys, that would be the nearest truth in my case, for my kidneys are devilled kidneys, and have been for many a day. But a man wi' kidney is supposed to be on a fair road to Heaven, and I'm not going there yet. So kidney won't do. The liver suggests a former use of alcohol-that's risky and vulgar. But what say you to the nerves of organic life-shock to them, don't ye perceive, in a railway accident ? And thrown in a bit of heart. 4 Sad story,' you says to that charming girl Aie yon listening William P* * Pardon me, Cholly^I confess that my thoughts had gone a wool-gather ing just for a moment. * A sad story you were saying-.' * Yes. Capital Moet, this. ^ 4 Sad story,' you says to Miss What's-her talley, * Sad story connected with that yonng fellows's life.' Then, the young lady looks interested, and the fat 'mi cocks her ears. i A sad story, you repeats and then you sighs. * * Is it anything we may hear Mr. -a-Smith?" says the' dowager duchess. 4 4 Oh, yes,'you says, 'only never mention it even to the Captain. But it only proves, my dear lady,' yoa says, * that wealth without health doesn't bring happiness.'' '' Is your friend very wealthy ?' says the duchess. 4 41 don't believe,' you says, * that he knows himself how rich he is.' And that is true Wilian dear. 4 * How interesting!' says the fat female, 'and the yonng man looks languishing/ £4 But about the sad story ?' she says. "4 I must be brief,' you says, ' it is too triste'- pretty word-4 to dwell upon/ Going off on their honey moon. First-class Pullman car all to their two selves. Train ran off the line. Hurled over an embankment. Took fire at once. Heart-rending scenes. Carriages took fire. His poor bride in the burning debris.. Can't go on,' you says, and you takes out your handkerchief and turns away your head to hide your tears. 4 * How terrible!' says the dowager duchess. '4 It's just too awfully interesting for anything!' says the young un. * And my poor friend,' you adds, * has never qui t^ recovered it.' Mind you say 4 quite.' * Shock coiicointnit ant heart affection. O, nothing serious, perhaps. Time/ says you, 4 will do a deal for my friend. But he has to live by rule for the present.' 4 JSTow, William, dear, do you see your way to work the oracle ?' * I think I do,' said Frank with a sigh. * And,' added Cholly, * some time or other the dowager duchess is sure to ask you if my wealth-ahem!-be in real estate, aud, you says, 4 O, yes, real estate, and mind William, there is no lie about that. Look here, William.' He pulled out his pocket-book and displayed a wealth of documents that were very real indeed. But they were all pawnbroker's duplicates. ' And now, William, I think we've arranged this little business to our mutual satisfaction, I'm not going to boast about what I mean to do, William. I'll have a try at stopping stimulants. If it kills me, why the skipper will have to expend a hammock over me, with a couple of 561bs. weights, that'll be all, bat I won't blah, e'en on my death-bed. Ah! mind you, William, some o' us 'ard drinkers aren't the worst sort, when the burnt crust of alcohol is peeled off our hearts and nerves. I suppose it wouldn't do to have another Moet,! would it ? Bad beginning ? Well,! I daresay you aint far out. But here's a tip for you, William. Get rid of that long face of yours. Don't look as if you were going to be hung/ * Harrison!' * I beg a hundred pardon?, William. 'Pon honour I didn't refer to future probabilites, or to Dash it all I'm only makiug a bigger muddle of it. Jjet us go on deek. And I'm going to do the big bug for a bit at first, dou't you see. It won't do to look as if 1 j was ready to pop into any clap-net. Millionaires, William don't enter into j social relations with everybody they1 meet on board sailing steamers.' The people who had hitherto sat down to dinner in the saloon of the Mountain Wave, not a very spacious one by any means, were:-the Captain himself, the doctor-a quiet and un assuming young man, bailing from New York- Mrs Colonel Keighly, her charming daughter and Frank Mac Naughton, known, of course, as Mr William Smith. A very cosy mess indeed-a very beautiful amalgama tion. Not the ghost of a chance of such a meal being a silent one. Let me see, Mrs Colonel Keighly, as she dearly loved to be styled, for the reflection of her dead husband's martial glory in this way appeared to be reflected on her portly person like the after-glow of a summer's sunset was fat, fair, and forty-maybe more than forty (put this in small type printer, please) : there wasn't the shadow of doubt, as to the adjective c fat,' though she had not a double chin, and though her eyes did not stick out, still she was as broad in beam as a Dutch lugger, and her nose was rendered almost diminutive owing to its being- placed between her two cheeks-the only place for it I grant. She was fair-fair in hair, golden, in fact, except at the Seams, where the eighth of an inch of black hair gave an unmistakeable proof of dye, and fair in complexion with a fairness that could have been blown off with a tiny pair of bellows. Bnt she talked very prettily and laughed very prettily, and had a fan, and a pretty way of flirting with rings and bracelets and great gold chains. Still, I am sorry to say that musical though her voice was, she did occasionally 1 come a cropper,' to use racing slang, over her Liudley Murray. Captain Ben Bonifiee not only liked to hear himself talk, but other people also, especially, as it would appear, Mrs. Colonel Keighly. The skipper was not an old man, he was ^ not in his dotage, but he was fifty, . and therefore in his anecdotage. And the stories he told, and the stories ehe told, were-well, they were \- worth listening to. Parodying Burns, ve might say They told wi' -rim their queerest stories, IpfeThe doctor's laugh was ready chorus.'* This was really all the doctor Seemed fit for. Clever he might have been, but shy I'm sure he was, and if ever he by chance said a spicey tiling, and the others laughed, why, he coloured up to the roots of his dark hair and asked the steward to pass the potatoes or gave some other equally ridiculous order. Frank and Tilda had. a good deal in common; they both loved Browning, they both doted on Burns, they criticised Long fellow and. Lowell, and never hesi tated. to speak their mind most freely about Tennyson "and Swinburne. They talked low together, as a rule, at a table, and on deck were often to be seen arm in arm, studying the beauties of nature in the sparkling sea or the sky. Into this little coterie Cholly Harrison descended like a meteor into the sea, making a terrible commotion for the time being, and leaving circles and ripples that did not subside for some time. To tell the truth, Cholly had no wish that the ripples should subside. He belonged to that class of indivi duals who dearly love to create a sensation and who cannot live without a certain amount of excitement of which they are the centres, and which, if they do not find in society they will fish for, even in a gin shop. But this man, for the present at all events, found himself in a somewhat exalted position, which was pleasant enough for its very novelty. Long before the second dinner-bell rang, thanks to Frank who, had not the grief which lay at his heart been so real, would have looked upon the whole matter as a very good joke or farce. Both the ladies, as well as the doctor and skipper, were in possession of the facts of his fictitious history-if that isn't an Irish paradox-and felt that they were in the presence of a very wealthy man, perhaps, great Sir Walter! a millionaire. 