RUE DU TEMPLE. k rAXOUS FA&IS; S7BXSZ. Tbe first street parallel to the Rue Saint Martin is the Rue du Temple, whioh, muoh increased in length by the demolition and reooostraotion oi 1861, is now one of the longest streets in Paris. It owes its name to the anoient habitation of the Order of Templars. After the violent suppression of this fraternity, Ao proporty passed to the Order of Saint John of Jerusalem, who used upon it for their raru headquarters. The Grand Prior of this Order had, by rule, to be a prlnoe ot the blood ; and the last to hold the office was the Duke of Augouleme, eldest son of the Oount of Artols, afcerwaris Ohatles X. The oaptivity of Louis XVI., Marie Antoinette, and the Dauphin in the Temple is oue of the saddest pages of history. After being used some years as a State prison, the old building was demolished in 1811\. Finally the Palace of the Grand Prior, with its majestio oolonnade, whioh had been allowed to remain untouched until 1164, was pulled down, and the laud made over to the town of Paris on condition of its planting trees on the rite and ereoting a monument to the memory of Louis XVI. This latter oondltlon was never f ulfillod. Nothing now remains of tbe fortress whioh Louis XVI. qoitted, on the 21st of January, to be taken to the scaffold, but an old willow, dating from four or five oenturies baok, beneath whose shadow the king, during his confinement, loved to walk. The monument in the oentre of the square la a statue of Beranger; 'the divine Beranger,' as Hdne oalls nim, 'and ot whom Benjamin-Oonstant said one day, when the poet was yet unknown ; 1 He writes magni ficent odds and calls them songs.' The Temple Market dates from a remote period ; not, however, in its present form, whioh was given to it by the First Consul in 1102\. It was made to mdude tho Rotunda, built in 1788 for the accommodation of debtors without means or without intention to pay, who oame to the Temple to eojoy the privileged security of all who there sought refugs. lien's clothes and women's dreiies are the artides ohiefly in demand at the Temple Market. To tbe anoient dealers in secondhand garments belonged a reputation for strong language, whioh has now faded away. Under the conditions of modem life, character perishes, and even the representa tives of Mdme. Augot and her oelebrated daughter are well- behaved and even polite.— From * Parts, 014 and JVnc,' for Jim* The novd is a diidnotly modern invention, satisfying a modern want. In the Ideal state described with so muoh accuracy by Mr. Bellamy, I believe the novd would not sdl. It would be incomprehensible or it would not be a novel at dl, according to our understanding. Do away praotioally with the struggle for life, eliminate all the unfit, and make the surviving fittest perfeotlv comfortable — men and women might still take a curious interest in our present clvllaa tlon, but it would be of a pnrdy historical nature. To gratuitously invent a tale of a poor man fighting for success would seem to them a pieoe of monstrously bad taste and ridioulously useless.— Morton Crawford. Our first great national epio was 4 The Bruce,' of Barbour, our greatest national lyrio is ' Soots vrha Hae,'our last and greatest national epio is 4 The Lay of the Last Mlnstrd.'— ? Prof. ViiUh* Style is a mark of tho purest mental aristooraoy, the most untainted Intelleotud blue-blood— It speaks of long and high desosnt, of noble spiritual ancestry— and we ean no more forget Its possessors than we oan forget some grand countenance sesn by among a thousand unmemorable faoes. The truth is, style tis high breeding. — William Wat ton. ThA uuMiation of ideas and sentiments. of memories and hopes, whioh make up the sentiments of nationality, of patriotism, and ot Empire, are too oomplex, subtle, and in definite to be realised in the abstraot. They need a symbol about whioh they may duster, A flag, a soeptre, a building. The Roman eagle, the Frenoh Tricolor, the American stars and stripes, are examples of the com pleteness with whioh the sign absorbs into ftself the things signified, and recalls them. — World. No public building In Franoe appeals to the historical imagination more eloquently than the Palaoe of Fontalnebleau. None awakens se rich and varied a group ot etrikiug associations; none is so thlctiy haunted with memories ot the past ; none u by the ghosts ot so brilliant aorowd of famous men. aud women. It is a doou mentto whioh* twenty kings have set their sign-manuals, a chronicle In stone of the history at Franoe, a dumb yet eloquent preaoher ot the mutability of human great ness.— JftttnhffyA Am#*. 344 