A TAX ON LAND VALUES# TO tiib EDITOIl Ob' THE AGE. Sir, — Permit me to congratulate you on yoiif outspoken advocacy of a tax on land values) exempting all improvements thereon, in to-day's issue. The valuos of the land alienated by the Grown in this colony, exempting all improve ments thereon, is estimated at £120,000,000, nnd a tax of Id. in the pound on this would not be felt by anyone but spooalativo holders, would yield £500,000 to the revenuo, and would, to use your own words, "stimulato caroleBS and unenterprising owners of tho soil to mako the beat use of .their hold ings, promote industrial development and give a fillip to material prosperity. It is interesting to note tbe ground your Conservative contem porary is now endeavoring to occupy. That so called frcc-trado organ is now endeavoring to persuade the publio that what they require is a revenue taxing policy, not free- trado at all. It would bo interesting to know how revenue taxers call themselves free-traders. It would also be interesting to know how your revenue taxing contemporary accounts for 3,500,000 people in revenuo taxing England always verging on or beneath the lino of subsistence. The writer shares, with many other membors of tbe publio, a strong feeling of gratitude towards your powerful journal for its advocaey of one of the most effective measures for pulling the colony out of its present difficul ties. — Yours, &o.;, 30th October. VICTORIAN NATIVE. At a moeting of the peouliar sect who CftU thomaeives Faith Healers, held at Sunderland on 5th September, It wns announced that tbe Holy Ghost was presiding, aud aoeordiogly no visiblo chairman had charge of the proceedings# Over 120 persona testified to having bean eured of various diseases by the laying on of hands by tho Rev. J. W. Jopling, minister of the sect, and thnt gentloman, in tiio course of an address, said : "Wo go iuto homes whore fover is raging, and whoto people are dving. We proolaim them healed ; tho fever disappears and tlie disease loavos. We havo cured typhoid fever, blindnoas and smnll-pox, and oheckod what threatened to be an epidemic of the last mentioned disease. Suoh wondorful immediate and miraculous oures as wo havo porformed were such as only God, through His servant, oould effect." He claimed that hundreds could corroborate his state ments. 