HERE ANDi THERE, SB Ta h MAN ABOUT TowY, It's a terrible thing sometimes to be a re presentative of royalty. The Viceroy of it Ireland has many consolations. He can kiss the youthful debutantes at his court, and e if some be a trifle off color in the way of e youth, they are proportionately grateful. a Even the Viceroy of India can get e away to the Hills, and the diversions of Simla are of an exciting, not to say spicy, order. But out in Australia a I Governor has sometimes a sultry time of it. He has generally a large stock of orders on hand for opening buildings, bazaars, etc. He is expected to say something new about anything at the shortest notice, and to be widely interested in everything from ensilage to calisthenics or csoterioBaddhism. lie has frequently to travel long distances with members of Parliament ! He has a larger visiting book than any other citizen, Sand, consequently, is more frequently bored. I But the unkmndest out of all must be when I be has to read what it costs to entertain him. "Please ask the Governor to come to our show," wrote a North-WVestern Show Secretary the other day to the looal member.. With his usual courtesy, the Governor was willing to go. "Is it good enough?" wired back the cautious member, and then it was found; that it would cost somee thirty pounds to give the visitor a suitable reception. On this followed discussion, and it was dnally decided that, in the present state of affairs, it "wasn't good enough." Of course, the show authori ties are quite right in being careful of the members' funds, but they might have left the Governor out of it until they had made up their minds. It isn't customary to ask a man to dine with you, and then let him know what it costs you. Here s a paragraph from a leading Lon don newspaper, the "Daily News " :-" On the occasion of a recent theatre party given by the hon. W. A. Zeal, President of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, the , whole of the stalls and dress circle of the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, was reserved v for the guests, who included some prominent members of society as well as politicians." p Surely a paragraph this full of points ! e Rather sets the example in style for colonial h writers. If Mr Zeal had been made the I President of the New South Wales Legislative Council it would not have been so p bad. But a Speaker usually presides in the S House to which the term Assembly is applied is in any Parliamentary system. Again, it is le interesting to hear that "many prominent to members of society were present, as well as a politicians." The implied distinction be tween the former and the latter class in is this remarkable paragraph suggests reflec tion of a far more serious character than those provoked by its appallingly mixed geogrgaphy. It is interesting to notice the amount of as tender solicitude manifested with regard to fc Sir Henry Norman's unexpected appoint- G ment. Now, if anyone is likely to be com- L pletely educated with regard to affairs zc Indian, it certainly should be a man who has B spent the greatest part of his life in at India in the dual capacity of soldier and to diplomatist. Yet certain aristocratic circles in in England and India profess to be agitated in lest the now Viceroy should not be capable of nu dealing firmly with such important questions pl as may arise. Had the Gladstone Govern- th ment appointed to the undoubtedly al difficult office, say, the head of one Cs of the noble families in England, ve with an experience limited to Downingstreet la and St. James', would there have been such sa anxiety? 1 trow not. The only parallel' w: which ocours to me at the moment is the in picture of a number of elderly spinsters o0 cautioning a successful bookmaker against of risking his money on the turf, while thecallow w youth passes by to plunge on a dead bird. a There is a powerful flavor of hypocrisy and in jealousy in the pitying, doubting congratu- th lations tendered to the gallant old soldier is who, if his record be any criterion of his pl quality, should be well qualified to deal with R the possible dangers which menace our w Indian Empire. By the way, a Russian fe paper has expressed an opinion on this sub- R ject which ought not to be wholly over- to looked. The Metropolitan Board of Works ought to w have painted a colored window, designed after a the idea of the familiar Pears' Soap advertise- rm meat. One pane ought to represent the q' poet, philosopher, 'financier, Fitz Gibbon al stretching forth his hand to reaoh an inac cessible loan, and be marked with the legend -H He won't be happy till he gets it; " and the second pane ought to represent the same dear old Fitz holding up the coveted prize, " Now he's got it I" Of course, Zslr Fitz Gibbon would never consent to be d painted naked, like the little boy in the pic- a ture, but that could be overcome, I dare say. Everyone is glad he has got it. Hedeserved y it. His interest in the sewerage question is so deep and real. And, by the way, it is not true, I am authorised to say, that the o bard has written an epie poem, "To a Main b Sewer," dedicated to Councillor M'Mahon. U There are some points about being a ghost. * Ghosts go where they like, haunt whom they e please, don't pay. any income-tax, are not worried about politics, do not have their , money looked up in reconstrucoting banks, J and don't even have rows about their washing bill, because the fluttering robes they wear neverwant washing. Better still, if you are f a ghost, you have solemn, learned people ex. o citingthemselves in the investigation of you. P The study of ghosts is, in fact, one of the most p absorbing pursuits on the cards. JMr W. T. Stead, with his wonderfully shrewd eye for the business side of things, has even estab lished a spooky magazine called "'Border la~d," about which everything is to be gliostly except the profits. Last of all, a , nnimbe.of gentlemen in Melboume, compris ing Mr Astronomer Ellery, Profeser Laurie, V Dr Syme,Dr Strong andProfessor M'Alpine, of the Government Botanist's department, have formed the nucleus of a Melbourne Psychical Research Society,which is shortly to a bepublioly floated. I understandthatit is toeit f for the collection of evidence, like the Sweat ing Board (there is ashookinglot of "sweat ing' where the ghosts come from I) and ghosts areto be called as witnesses. I am sure and V hope they will be sucoessful. b At present I regard so.called "familiar I spirits" as being considerably "under proof," but I have an open mind on the subject. I trust the iooiety .will give c particular attention to Australian native I spooks, bunyips, "an' sich." They have never been properly investigated by psychical I students, and there is no reason why an Australian bunyip .shouldn't be as 1 good ase, say, anIrish banshee,oranoldEnglish e family spectre. In fact, if the native article does not get justice done, I shall, with the editor's permission, use this column for con ducting an agitation in favor of taxing ims. ported spirits and protecting the local article, and for having the former stamped, as is pro posed to be done with Chinese furniture. So just let Mr Ellery and Professor Laurie look out I The evils of the opium habit, have they not been told by thousands of orators and writers who-never knew what it was. A Do Quincey is nout fbund at every street comer, and it is not easy to imitate his " con eselsions." Of course, it is my plain duty to believe that both tobacco and opium shorten people's hias. Occasionaly one doab indeed comem across -- a h?mhard .:case a man, for instance, hale and hearty at eighty or ninety, who has smoked and chewed tobacco from boyhood. Once, ;too, I recollect, when in virtual quarantine, a woman of over eighty,who had volunteered aid to the sick when younger nurses were not to be obtained, sat down with me before the fire each evening, and we mingled, our re. spective clouds of tobacco smoke. So far as I know, she is alive yet, and always enjoys her pipe. But what of a case just reported by Mr E. H. Parker, who has been writing to the Eng lish papers about the minee in Burmah. Mr Parker says :-" Attho second mine there is an old Chinese patriarch ; he is 75 years of age, and has been 40 years in the country. smoking opium steadily all the time. He keeps a drug shop, and seems to be very much respected in the neighborhood." No wonder. That man has earned a title to. respect. One who can smoke opium steadily 'for 40 years might fairly be regarded as establishing a record in his own particular line. Hard cases are said to make bad laws. Unquestionably the case of that ancient Celestial plays the deuce with some cherished notions. "Some queer stories are afloat in the Runnymede district," writes a correspon dent, " with reference to the. Jorgensen episode. Among.. others, it is rumored: that. . a . lebwlyj narried lady in tends to take dirorce proceedings against her husband on the ground that on one occasion when shio- the wife was in ill-health he slept in the same room as Miss Jorgensen ." If the wives of all the men who may have happened to occupy the same room as Miss Jorgensen, during her career in masquerade, elect to take the same view as the lady alluded to, there will be trouble. 