i THE 'LADIES1 PAGE, SOCIAL GOSSIP. By Iris, His Exoolloncy tUo Earl of Hopotoun readied Brisbane on Wednosday, tbo 5tH insfc. , and wont to Govbrhraont.Housb, whero ho was tho gnest of Sir Henry Norman during bis stay in that citv. On Saturday be nttonded tbc races tbero. (In Sunday bo left for Oairns by tbo steamer Arnmnb,' visltingMr, Swallow's sugar plantation in tbat district. His Exoellenoy was.tbon going as far as Goraldton, visiting all the places of interest en route. Ho cxpeots to'roturn to Brisbane about tho 24tb, whon lib. will be joined by Eady Hopotoun. ,Tboy will, 'remain tbo ghosts of.Sir Henry Norman, for aboiit 10 days; Tho'XJuiversity Rowing Olub ball took plaoo last Wednesday night in the St. Kilda -town ball, and wo . .shall givo some account qf.it in next week's issue. His Exoellenoy tbo Acting' Gpvornor and;Mrs. Madden wore present. His Excellonoy tho Acting Governor and Mrs. Madden bavo promised to attend tlio concert to be given in the Atliciucum on the 18tb inst. by tlie Softgoods .Olub in aid of tbo Women e Hos pital. Tbey.bave also signified their intontion of being present at tbo conoert .to be hold in tbo St. Kihln'town ball on tbo 20tli inst. in aid of tlie local ladies' beriovolont sooio'ty. 7 His Exc.ellonoy the Acting Governor and Mrs. Mnddon woro present at the performance of the Mountebanics'nt tbo Princess's Theatre on last Tuesday ovehing. ,/ Amongst the Mplbourno people staying at tbo Australia are Mr. T.N. Fitzgornld and Miss Fitzgerald, Mr. Keep, Mr. and Mrs. Alex. Lan- dalo, Mr. Horsfall, Mr. Ullatborno, Mr. and Mrs. Oarutb, and Mr. Alan Jeffrey. . A lawn tennis tournament will be bold on tbo Melbourne oriokot olub courts, on 20th, 21st and 22nd April. ' Mrs. Nioholas Fitzgerald left Mclbourno for Sydney last wook. Commander Pelham, R.N., and Mrs. Pclhnm loft Molbourno last week for Syduoy. They will afterwards pay a visit to Brisbane. Tbo marriage of Miss Emily Newbigin, older daughter of Mr. Edward Newbigin, of Pant- road, South Ynrrn, with Mr. Willie Robb, son of John Robb, Esq., of Toorak, will take place at'Olirist Church, South Yarra, on Wednosday, the 26lh April. ' . It is with great regret tbat we havo to an- nounbe.tho death of Mrs. A'rmoUr, which took place last' Saturday, at her rosideneo at tho Assembly Hall, Collins-street east. Mrs. Ar mour was for , many years one of Melbourne's most carno.st .workers in tbo oause of philan thropy; and- in these bad times her praotioal help and Christian sympathy, together with her business abilities, whiah rohderod her suoh a valuablo member of any oharitable association, will : bo sadly, missed. -. Since its commence ment she had been ono of the principal workors ' in ' the . Scots' . . Ohuroh Neglected Children's Aid'Sooiety, linil in pnBt years when it had no rooeiving.home her own house was always open ' to , the ! little waifs and strays, in whioh she -' took such a deep interest. Mrs. Armour was also' an '.active mamber of tbo Melbourne ' Dlstriot Nursing Sooioty, and was identified ..with various other philanthropic institutions.1 (In a word it may bo said that she devoted lief life' to doing good to othors, and bur memory will long bo cherished by many of lier grateful follow creatures. Mr. and .Mrs. Lloyd Taylor and tho' Missos Taylor left last Saturday for England by tho R.M.Si Ooeana. On the previous Thursday afternoon they held an " At Homo " at the Grand Hotel, where they were staying previous to their departure, when a largo nUmber of their . friends took tho opporfiuhity .'of wishing them ton' voyage, ''Among thoi'o: present .were Sir Beiijapain .Bohjamin aiid Miss'Benjamin, Mr. A. ,0. Saohac,;M.L:0., and' Mrs. Sachse,Mrs. Gavin Gibson and .the 'Misses. Gibson, Mrs. Ernest Keep; Mri' an'd'Mrs. H. j. Eangdon, the Misses' Lahgdoni' tlfo Rev. and Miss Taylor, I Mr.' and Mrs.. J. Anderson, Mrs. F. S. Grim- wade. Mrs. Battle. : Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Calder, Mrs. Ohestor Earlos, the MisBes Elder, MrS. ' and . Miss Lilley, Mrs, and the Misses Biokerton, Mrs. Hammond, Mrs. M. Langdon, Mrs. Morris,. Mrs'., and tbo blisses Thomson, Miss Wood, Mrs. Tuaker, Mr. and Mrs. Peroy Oakden, Mrs. O. H. James, Mrs. and the Missos Jerrard.; . . . '' Tlie pressing needs of the Women's Hospital call' for immodiato assistance, and on Thursday afternoon: of last week a meeting' was hold at the Melbourne Town Hall of ladies called together by tho Mayoress to consider the best means of raising monoy torolicve tho necessities of this most desorving institution. Mrs. Snow- den, tho Mayoross, read to the meeting a number of letters which alio had received con taining suggestions' as to the host method of doing so, and among them were sohemos for bazaars and fancy fairBandchurch collections, and, lastly, someone had suggested that a number of young ladios should take their stand at the oornors of tho principal streets at ocrtnin hours on oortnin dayB with oolleoting boxes. Tills plan is said to have suoouodod iu London/ but it is doubtful whether it would be so hero. Lady Clarke proposed that people throughout Victoria should dony, thomsolyes somo one thing, for a week and devote the money snved thereby to tho hospital. This suggestion was adoptod. The' mayoress: of- St. "Kilda, suggpstod . that sma|l weokly sums, , suoh ris . sixpenoo ;or,.a shilling,- slionld,, bo; oolleotod and- forwarded- to . tho Mayor . of Melbourne. . This suggestion was also adoptod. , Mjri Grover spoke i of the p'ropo.- ' sition previously: made by '-hia'-Expellonoy<. the Aotihg-Governpiy'.tiinti a sorjoV.of assembly; balls should be giv.ep' inithe . suburbs hi aid of the hos pital, a'nd.thbught It "p'ne'bf the best'suggestibns. that ha'd'/iieen- maile;' j'Mre.';:Maddonialso; approved of -this plan of raising, mbney. ahd tho suggestion .(yq's- adopted.. We' would oommoud this .deserving: institution!: t'oi tlio notion- of lour country : rbaders,an jVtrUat; they- will ; also oo-opornto'tofind fundb.for it. Mr, and Mcs. F. W./Armytage .loft for Eng-. land' in tlio Gocanft last Saturday. . Mrs. Dean Pitt and Mrs. George Purves woro also pas sengers by the same boat. His Imperial and Royal Highness Prince Ferdinand of Austria will reach -Sydnoy about 15th April; and will remain iu Australia till'tho 25th, after whioli he purposes proocoding to New' Zealand, and thonoo vid the islands of tho Western Pnoifio to Japan, his final destination being Yokohama. As soon as news of his intonded voyago roachcd Viotoria, the Premier sent an invitation tlirougli tho Foreign Secretary to his Highness, giving him a cordial invitation to Melbourne, and thn Ctnr-f.rn- ing thoPromier for his polite attention.. It was not the original intention of the Arahduko to call at Molbourno, though whon ho arrives at Sydney ho may deoido upon coining here for a day or two. . Invitations havo been issued by Mrs. Sumner, of Stony Park, Biiinswiok, for the marriage of her daughter Winifred with Mr. Andrew Ohirnsido nt Christ Church; Brunswick, on Wednesday, 26tli ApriL : Sir Roderiok Camoron and Mr. Duncan Cnmoron left for England by tho R.M.S. Oceana. In illustration of 'the marvellous possibilities of artistio penmanship, we have been shown specimens ' of visiting cards written by hand, which rival the best productions of- tho skilled lithographer. In society circles tho custom of using written instead of printed cards is becom ing general, as allowing scope for infinito variaty without the necessity of obtaining a now plate on the oooasion of cnoh change. Mr. W. A. Gibson (Furlong's piano depot, Swanston- street), who hns mndo a sp'coialty of this artistic novelty, is evidently a master of tlio caligraphio art, and his work is being widoly patronised. On Wednosday, 4th March, her Majesty tho Queen hold' tho first Drnwingroom whioh she has attended for two years. Her Majosty woro a dress aud trnin of rioli blnok silk trimmed with oropo and olienillo, head dress and coronot of diamonds and pearls. The ornaments woro pearls. Her Boyal Highness I'rinoess Christian of Sohloswig-Holstein wore a body and train of ruby colored velvet, bordered with silvor fox fur over wiiito satin oinbroidered petticoat; ornaments, diamond, and ucoklnoo of pcnrls nnd diamonds. Her Boyal Highness . Princess Beatrico (Prinoess Henry of Battcnberg) woro a bodice and train of gold Indian h.made, with skirt of heliotrope, silk trimmed gold head dress, white veil, (outliers anu dininond tiara ; orna ments, diamonds. Boferring to tho drosses, tho Daily A'cws says : — Though many of tlie drosses worn at Tuesday's Drnwingroom wero unusually brilliant in tint and fervid of con trast, tbo greater numbor were conceived in porfeot tasto. In no instanee was this mora apparent than in tho oxquisitc court gown worn by tlie Duohess of Bedford. Her dress wns in pink satin, trimmed with pink vclvot, ponrls and silvor, the bodice being gracefully composed of similar materials. The train, in groy brocade, shot with silvor and wrought iu a design of slender, ourved leaves in grey and pink, was linoil with pink satin, tho hue of whioh shono through the brocade nnd gave it a peculiarly soft, warm toue. Tho young CounteBs of Dud- Icy, presented on her marriage, woro white satin and white velvot embroidered with lilios, and oarried nil unusually lovely bouquet of longi- ilorum lilies, each with the natural stem ar ranged with n fow sprays of orohids and tied with wide white satin ribbons. Georgiana Lady Dudley, presenting her daughter-in-law, woro a wniio sarin uress wnu iruin ul uuppnuu uiuu velvet. . She woro hor beautiful sapphires and diamonds, and carried a bouquet of lilies of the vnlloy with the now Viotoria shower blustor of blush pink rosos at one side. Lady Edith "Ward, hor daughter, lookod like a snowdrop in white Bntln and pale groen, and oarried n shower bouquot of white freezins. Tho christening of tho baby daughter of Lord and Lady Cnrrington took placo at the private clinpel, Windsor Castle, hor Majesty the Queen standing in person as ono of tlio sponsors, and tho othors boing tho Hon. Nornh Harbord, tlio infant's aunt, and the Earl of Bosebery, K. G. Tlio ohild recoived tho names of Viotoria Alexandrine. By spooial request of the parents, and with tho Queen's permission, the Dean of Windsor left tlio bulk.of tho oeremony, inoluding tho giving of the name, to be performed . by Dr. Sel wyn, late Bishop of Melanesia, who lias for somo years boen a groat friend of Lady Carrington. Tho elder sisters of tlie heroine of the hour, togctherwith the Empress of Germany, tho Battenborgs, Lord nml Liidy Colville of Culross, Lord and Lady Hastings— (Lord Hast ings lias sinoo figured in a less onviablc position)— and Lord.Sniilcld (baby's grandpapa) and his two daughters were alone present. Afterwards Bishop ' Sel wyn was presonted by the Lord Chamberlain to tlio Queen, who spoke to him of his famous father, whom sho remembered porfeotly, and oxprcssod her grief that his own health should have broken down. The bishop had niso a pleasant chat with the Empress of Germany and Princess Beatrico. It was a strange turn in the wheel of fortune whioh installed tho late Madame Grovy in the Eiysdc. : She was tho daughter of a tanner, and onrncd her livelihood in Paris as a bonnet-maker. When she became great bIio did not invent an anoestry, nor did she assume fine airs with her rioh dresses, ' Her manners woro characterised by Ropublioan simplicity, nnd bIio set her face agninst Court etiquottc. Another oharaotoristio wiiich.was tbo muoh brodin tho bone to be lightly sot aside was the careful auditing of the housekeeping accounts. When Bho married hor wholo fortune in money and kind was less than £100 ; at hor death sho loavos somotliing liko a quartor of a million inreal and personal proporty, whioh will go to hor daughter and son-in-law, M. nnd Mdmo. Wilson. .... .., A young lady went one day to an ooulistwitli a trouble in her eyes that threatened frightful results. She whs already in a state whore reading was out of tho question, and other entertainment was fast becoming a torment. Tlie ooulist looked nt hor with his professional wisdom, asked her various quostions, and then suddenly amazed her by asking her to put out her foot. Tlio foot, in its kid boot with a wicked littlo nigh heel, was cnrusc rorrn. xuo dootor eyed .it a moment with a stolid faeo. " Go homo," he enid, ."and tako off those heels; kcop thorn- off for a month, nnd then' oomo to mo again, "anil w'o'll see how'tho eyes are." In a'mbnth tlio eyes were well, -nnd'tho young lady learhe'd by her experlonbo and little wiae tnlk how.henr she'hnd come to havingmo eyes at all.- It7sorveB: to.Bhow that.thoro is tho possibility that with that instrument of t'orturb constantly nt; work-in! tho .oontre! of -tbo i. foot; whero so many dolioate nerves and toridbnsjle that -are so iii'timnthly'oohnboted'withbll the other doli oate'; nerves r of ith'o body, thore must presently oomo- -disarrangements jnhJ' disease' that may work fatal mischief with the health. ( _ '. . - ladies never seem to have. tlie courage todress as suits thoir personality, - ( A fashion may- im prove the appearance of somo and not of others. Ynt'theso others wear it because ; it happens to bo the faslilon., Take, for instance,' the high puff sleeves tlint have had -their, "days. These sleeves might suit a tall girl with n long neck and sloping shoulders, but they render a girl with a short .neok and . square . shoulders ridioulous. Yot swans aud pouter pigions alike woro them. 