"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUES TION?" Now, which is'the worse—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite. ' There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When u a good diges tion waits on appetite and health , on " both, , that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals, But most of us are not blessed 'in that, way ; we either have too much food withoutari appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, without reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man, who ought, to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of u alterations and repairs. i; To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which' the writer says,I was afraid to eat." Bid he fancy his food was poi soned, or did his nature rebel against the nou« rishment lived on ? • If the latter, why 1 - Let him cear the mystery himself. He says, 11 In the year 1889 I changed my j work from railway porter to signalman. Iliad | been signalman twelve months, and then all at i. once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour-; the palate, to,. put it in that wav, appeared to have nothing^ 1 to say to them. One thing was like another, , and none was good. ,, My tongue was coated and furred, and a darkline was down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offen sive and my appetite poor, with pains through j the chest and shoulders, which were always I right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather , so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if . it would choke me." i We cannot wonder that under these circum- j stancos our 'frifind failed to do justioe'to his j mculs. He adds that there was what he calls | " a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though • it were touched with some sharp instrument. ! Then, again, at times lie was attacked with j spasniB, the agony of which was so seve'ie. that j the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he says | "the thought of eating, and many a Scanty j meal have I made, for 1 was afraid to eat. ; 41 After a time Igot into a low, weak, nervouss [ condition, and felt miserable, as if somehting' I was going to happen, and this caused me to lose ; a good deal of sleep." '_ What he means by the fear of " something going to happen," is, of course, the fear of some • calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the im poverished state of his blood (the life' bearer), his' unstrung licrves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness.is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverncd im agination. With great difficulty," ho says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on,me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of descrip tion. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement ho is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is al ways harder to bear than iB one*a notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multi tude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to como in touch with them. >. Well, the writer fiiittUy meutions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he clianccd to read in a book of a case exactly I the his ovm, having been cured by Mother fc-'eigcl's Syrup. 14 My wife;'1 he says, " got me a bottlo at Mr LaugstafTe, in Wood lesford, and after using its contents the ail- : mem left me and has never returned since that ! fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have beon em ployed by the Midland "Railway Company for (Signed) "Geohok Hukt, " Car Bottom Road, 41 Apperlcy Bridge, near Leeds." We publish tiiia by Mr Hunt's desire in order that} art of the world at least may know how thankful ho is and for what reason. 1740-1 