ITEMS OF INTEREST. rOniQUíAi. Airo SELECTED.! The birth of her Majesty's seventeenth great grandchild, the baby Prince of Eou Tnania, may well draw attention to the fact that the Queen is a marvellous woman. The only sovereign of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland who ever exceeded Queen Victoria in the length of the reign was her grandfather, George III. The Queen has been on the throne nearly fifty-seven years ; when George had been on the throne fifty-aeven years he had no fewer than fifteen children, but had bot one grandchild-the iaokless Princess Charlotte, destined to die in a few months and to leave the old King without any descendants of the second gene ration. The Queen has had £ >ur sons and fi»e daughters-roughly speaking, half the family of her grandfather, but while he in the fifty-seventh year of his reign had but one grandchild, her Majesty has no fewer than -now living-33 grandchildren. The Princess lionise-the Marchioness of Lorne-ÍB the only one of the Queen's children who is childlesB. The Minister of Works (Mr. Lyne) has expressed himself as adrerae to starting relief works for the unemployed, but with a view to affording an outlet for some of the surplus labour, and at the same time establishing a productive State asset, he has been consider- ing the further extension of the sewerage system. He now has before him some tenders for a storm water channel at Iron Gove Greek, .t a cost of about £10,000, and a Btorm water pipe sewer at North Sydney to the amount of between £3000 and £4000. The tenderB he, however, does not intend to accept until the bill relating to storm water ?ewers has been passed. The Minister Bays that thera will be about £100,000 worth of work which can be gone on with when the bill has become law. Among a number of defendants fined at Newtown Police Conrt on Monday for failing to register their dogs waa one who was charged with keeping no fewer than nine dogs which he had failed to register. A fine in all of £4 10s and costs, or one month, was imposed. Having no goods to levy upon he elected to take the alternative. Ten bullock teams laden with about 40 tons of goods from Grafton arrived at Armidale last week, 8 of them having done the trip in 14 days and 2 in 13 days. A movement is now on foot at Walcha to atart a line of teams between Fort Macquarie and Walcha. Nearly the whole of the Hillgrove trafile is now conducted by way of Grafton, and the loss to the Ballway Commissioners must be very serious. So far the Oommissioneil hate Siven no sign as to attracting the lost trafile ack to the railway. The saying that " he treated me like a dog" will be regarded soon, not as a term of reproach, but rather as one of thankfulness J for favours bestowed. At least so I infer (writes a correspondent of the City Press) from a curious incident of which I was the witness in a City restaurant the other day. A well-dressed man carne in with a dog at his aide, and ordered " beefsteaks for two." The waiter very naturally inquired whether " the other gentleman will be long, sir ?" " What's that to you ?" thundered the man with the dog. " I ordered, and I want, beefsteak for two." " Tes, sir," said the waiter, and away be darted, quickly to return with the two steaks. The gentleman then informed the waiter that he wanted the second meal for his dog, and, to the astonishment of everybody in the place, myself included, the tempting dish was placed before Toby, who quickly de- molished it, at a cost to his master of some- thing like le 6d. The sectional committee, investigating the rival routes for the Narrabri to Moree railway, ÍB now engaged taking the evidence of residents and settlers around Wee Waa. The statement that there ÍB no genuine settlement or culturable land around Wee Waa or between it and Millie has caused much annoyance, because the whole of the surrounding country is thickly dotted with flourishing settlers, whoBe prosperous con- dition vouch for their bona fides. The settlers are mustering in force here to give evidence and to exhibit to the sectional committee samples of the district produce, including splendid specimen of fruit, vegetables, and cereals. In the immediate neighbourhood are vast forests of ironbark, admirably adapted for railway construction, especially sleepers, of which an unlimited supply is easily procurable. The whole railway system of New South Wales could be supplied with the best sleepers from this locality, and thou- sands of the unemployed could be profitably employed in getting them. Doubtless all the above is correct, but the only difficulty about the matter is-where is the money to come from to provide nae for those sleepers when obtained ? And, for the matter of that, where is the money to come from to pay for obtain- ing the sleepers ? A new amusement has been inaugurated in Belgium, which permits the peasants to have some sport. It is a sort of competition in cook crowing. The game is conducted in this way :-In a garden are placed rows of cages, each containing a cook. Before each cage, about a yard away, stands the marker, who registers the notes of his rooster. The competition lasts for an hour, and it is the cock which has crowed most often that takes the prize. At the last competition a rooster crowed 134 times. Formerly cock-fights were the fashion, bnt the organisers of them were so severely punished that the new amusement has replaced the old, and is quite as much à la mode. Captain Berry, of the steamship City of London, from Brussels, arrived at Gravesend on October 12, and reports that, when off the North Foreland, at 7 o'clock that morning, he, picked up Charles Evans, of Bamsgate, and afterwards another man, who died in a few minutes. Evans stateB that he was one of the crew of seven hands belonging to the tin ee-raaated schooner Star of the Ocean, bound with coals from Shields to Bamsgate. At 4 o'clook that morning the schooner was run down by a two-masted steamer, ap- parently a mail boat, which continued her course. So far as he knew, all hands but himself perished. Evans was lodged in the Sailors' Home at Gravesend, and the body of the second man placed in the Gravesend mor- tuary: Harvesting has commenced in the Inverell district, but the crops are lighter than usual, though the grain is very good. The water supply and sewerage committees of the Victorian Metropolitan Board of Works have prepared estimates of the expen- diture for the year 1894. The total amount required is £495,400-maintenance £16,000, «oMtruotiou £19,400, and wwerage £400,000, Oanon MacOoll quotes, in the Spectator, a remarkable case related to him by a phy- sician who had been a papil o£ Sir Charles Bell, the eminent author of " The Bridge- water Treatise on the Hand." Sir Charles used to tell the following story to his CUBB : -A surgeon who went over the field ot Waterloo after the battle found a man lying with his scalp cut off by a sabre-strobe. He picked up the scalp, and finding the man breathing, though unconscious, he ordered him to be placed among the wounded, clap- ping at the same time the severed scalp on his head, in order that it might be buried with him, for he did not expect that the poor mau would recover. The following day, how- ever, he found the man cooscioua, and his scalp adhering to his head, but with the ends reversed ; for the surgeon, thinking the nan was dying, took no pains to fix the scalp properly. The man recovered, but had to wear his scalp the wropg end forward. A miner named John Latbby had a terrible experience at the Lady Barkly mine, Bendigo, on Monday afternoon. He waB engaged with a mate named Irvine sinking a winze below the 1030ft. level, which was fifty feet deep. Haviüg charged two holes with racka rock, Irf ine went up lowering the rope to Lath by, who, after sending up the tools, tied a water keg to the end of the rope, lighted the fuses and then, hanging on to the rope, waa hauled np to the ladders, which were lift, above the bottom. Leaving the rope, he continued his ascent by the ladders. When the rope carrying the keg got near the top of the winze the beg caught in some ob- struction, and falling knocked Lathby off the ladder to the bottom of the shaft, a distance | of éOft. Not losing his presence of mind, he | palled out one of the fuBBB, but before he could get hold of the other one charge went off. Lathby was found by his mates in a BittiDg poature, covered with blood. His nose was split down the centre, his left leg was broken in three places, and be had sustained numerous other injuries. There are at present about 90 men located in Sydney waiting the return of the ship Boyal Tar from Paraguay, the seat of the " New Australia" settlement. These 90 men will form part of a large batch of single men with which the Boyal Tar will take her de- parture for the settlement at an early date. Pending the return of the vessel, two large houses hare been rented by the New Aus- tralia Association in Balmain road, opposite the Callan Park Asylum, where 60 of them have been liring and boarding for the past three weeks. The men are all single, and the majority are between 20 and 30 years of age. Without exception they are fine, strapping, healthy fellows, just the class needed for pushing their way in a new settlement, and just the class which Australia would do well to retain. Buring their occupancy of the houses at Balmain, the New Australians have proved themselves most desirable, law- abiding citizens. Large as their number is, not a single complaint has yet been made against the men. The other 30 single men who are to be included in the Boyal Tar's next batch are staying with their friends in different parts of the city. During that amusing slander case which rested on the fortunes and welfare of a way- ward umbrella ia Sydney before Mr. Justice Stephen on Monday, His Honour said, "I don't know whether I ought to sit on this case, because as a matter of fact I have an umbrella which belongs to some one else, and a very good one too." Of course the joke as all judge's jokes are-was received with a bowl of delighted laughter. An amusing scene took place the other day at the Boyal Aquarium. A spectre of the orthodox sort is introduced upon the stage at that place of public entertainment, and one of the characters pretends to be so frightened that he rushes about the boards emitting frantic yells. Unfortunately, the next set of performers happened to be a troupe of collies, trained to show their life- saving abilities at a fire, who were placidly waiting their turn in the wings, and on hearing the shrieks they became excited, and with one accord jumped on to the stage and tore after the astonished ghost. The phantom did not show the proper ghost-like contempt for mere material assail- ants ; he did not appear to regard the " vain bites" of the dogs at all in the light of " malicious mockery ;" but he leaped hastily on to a table, and amid the inextinguishable laughter of the audience, implored somebody to save bim from the howling pack. Sergeant Brophy and party, who on the 1st Ootober were despatched in search of the murderer of Constable Collins, have re- turned to Wyndham, in Western Australia. Sergeant Brophy describes the country over which they passed in the vicinity of the Os- mond River as grand pastoral country, well grassed, watered and timbered. At a public meeting held in the Protestant Hall on Monday night, and attended by be- tween 300 and 400 perions, a motion was unanimously carried declaring that the action of the Dibbs Ministry in introducing the Bank Notes Bill was inimical to the public welfare and deserving of the severest condem- nation. The members of the Batter Export Associa- tion held a meeting in Sydney on Monday to consider matters in connection with an antici- pated collapse in the butter market. Although no actual decision was arrived at, the suggestion that the pro rata charge of Jd per lb. be in- creased to ii per lb. was unanimously en- dorsed. The analyses of the Cremorne coal prove the coal to be a good description for house- hold purposes, the percentage of ash being low as compared with the average ash present in the Bulli and Wollongong coal. It is atatad to be excellent steaming coal, and it yields good coke, having all the properties of the Southern cokes. According to a cenBua just taken by the police, the population of the Barrier district is 24,067, showing a decrease since January of 1755. It is a fact not generally known that it is the female mosquito alone which bites, and, as is not an uncommon attribute of her sex, she, too, does all the buzzing. The male in- sect's only apparent object in life is to look handsome, and his food consists principally of the nectar of flowers and the juices of leaves. MoBquitoeB are surely a curious study, and in one particular at least are opposed to the general rule of nature in that the female should be voracious and bloodthirsty and the male not. At the trial of Frances Knorr ia Melbourne on Tuesday, Edmund Thompson, a fishmonger, who produced a letter from Mrs. Knorr ask- ing him to manufacture evidence to save her, created a great sensation. It is a lengthy document, and suggests a number oE different ways of obtaining false evidence M to the modo of tho death of toa djStrent children. A telegram WUB received by the railway authorities in Sydney on Monday night to the effect that a Chinese passenger on the up western mail train had been robbed and thrown out of a car by two men between Mombil and Stuarttown. The passengers in the train reported the matter to the Btation master at the next stopping place, and the police were informed Trooper Millington went along the line and found the Chinaman lying by the side of the rails, badly hurt and insensible. He was placad on a down goo H s train and conveyed to the Wellington hospital, at Orange some of the passengers in the train indentified two men at the assailanti of the Chinaman, and they were banded over to the custody of the polica The witnesses were also d-tained in Orange. Th« occurrence took piuca at about 7.10 p.m -Edgar Marsden Robert Grimes, and Wm. Lee wart« charged at the Orange Police Court on Tuesday with robbing and assaulting a chinaman, Ah Choy, in a train. A man named Parsons, in the same compartment, s«id Lee cnught hold of the Chinaman by the neck and WAS choking him, whilst Grimes robbed him. Ah Choy afterwards jumped through the window. Marsden did not interfere. Ah Choy is in Wellington Hospital suffering from con- cussion of the brain, and is in a precarious state. The accused are shearers, lately work- ing at Buckinguy Station, near Nyngan. The accused were remauded for a week. The Courthouse Hotel, Gosford, next the School of Arts, the property of Mr. Hugh Campbell, was burnt to the ground between 1 and 2 o'clock on Tuesday morning. The origin of the fire is unknown at present. The i hotel was one of the first houses erected at Gosford. The sensational statements made by Turner of the Australian Eleven on his return from England are to be considered by the Cricket Council on December 20th, when the other members of the team will be present to hear the charges against them. Au expert is now ia Brisbane preparing an estimate for the Tramway Company for the substitution of electricity for the present system of horse traotion. Some time ago the Premier brought under the notice of Dr. Manning the treatment of lnnatics with a view of ascertaining from him some information as to the advisability of making some change in the present system in the direction of putting lunatics in private asylums under competent supervision and and regular inspection, inttead of going to the heavy expense of erecting large lunatic asylums under direct State control for their housing. Dr. Manning has reported against the private asylums on the ground that the cost will be greater to the Government than the prêtent system. Forgers have been at work in the Treasury £l-notes, and one was paid into a Sydney bank the other day. Its outward appearance was like the Treasury note, except that it had apparently been more in circulation than Treasury notes usually were. But it con- sisted of two thicknesses of paper, which, upon separation, were found to have been need previously for printing purposes. Happily those notes are now practically all withdrawn from circulation. William Clements, for 50 years a resident, and Mayor of Ballina for three years, shot himself with a revolver in the forehead on Monday morning, and died in an hour and a half. There are only 58 prisons in England. Less than 20 years Ago there were 113. Absolute uniformity prevails in them all alike in regard to diet, discipline, and clothes. j ' On Monday the Customs receipts amounted to £7521. Towards this the 10 per cent, ad valorem duty contributed £768, and the 15 per cent. £124. The Victorian Minister of Trade and Customs is endeavouring to ascertain to what extent the revenue is likely to be affected if the proposal to make Melbourne a free port for vessels coming there in ballast is carried out. Last year the vessels that arrived in ballast aggregated a tonnage of 19,700, steamers representing 3300 tons, and sailing ships 16,400. The charges imposed are pilotage according to scale, and tonnage at the rate of 6d per ton. The charges levied last year amounted to £492 as tonnage, and £596 as pilotage, being a total impost of £1088. Mr. Baker points out that it will be necessary for pilots to be paid, and that tonnage dues cannot be waived without the authority of Parliament. Jewellery valued at £500 was stolen from Mrs. Levy, who was on a visit to her brother (Mr Isaac Jacobs) at Beaconsfield Parade, St. Kilda, on Monday night. A man named Cox, a butler in the employ of Mr, Jacobs, was afterwards arrested. He had previously been suspected of dishonesty, and a marked sovereign, identified by Mr. Jacobs as his, was found in his possession, but so other valuables. Advices from the Northern Territory show that the Chinese lumpers at Port Darwin struck work for higher wages, but were replaced by blackfellows, who worked well. The Chinese are now forming a general labour union. There was a disastrous fire in the premises occupied by the City Produce Company, Campbell-street, Haymarket, on Tuesday morning. A large quantity of farm produce was destroyed, and the building much damaged. The Dean of St. Asaph in Wales is at pre- sent on a visit to Sydney. The South Australian Customs Department destroyed 73 oases of spirits a few days ago which had been condemned as unfit for human consumption. , Some samples ef Swedish wheat supplied [ to James Williams, near Numurkah, by the Victorian Department of Agriculture, and reputed to be rustproof, have lately developed rust in a severe form, although the disease is not prevalent in the district. Some curious letters reach the Victorian Postmaster-General from America. The enterprising inhabitants of that great country seem to thirst for information by which they can improve their fortunes. The following is a copy of the latest epistle which comes from the United States :-" Dear Sir,-If you please, tell me all about the country there. _ I have heard that there is a kind of rabbits there are very numerous. I heard there was a big bounty on them, and that their hides are valubel. Please tell me the facts about them, and tell me what you can send me two pairs of rabbits prepaid here for. Please send me a newspaper of that country." Mr. Wynne went into the country some days ago, and will no doubt bring back the two pairs of rabbits required. When sending them it may be assumed that he will generously inform his American correspondent that he may have the whole of out rabbits delivered free at San FcMOiMO* " ,_ ./., Mr. J »epnBraaley'8reiiidence,Grrey street. East Melbourne, was broken into on Friday night, and about 150crested and plain-headed Norwich canaries and four English gold- finches, valued at £150, ware carried off. The thieves placed a ladder against the wall and gained entry through the window. The population of the police district of Gr.ifton i« 20,251 Europeans and 49 Chinese, bfin>4 a considerable increase on laBt year. A tram accident, rennlting in shocking injuries '<> a 4 year-old girl named Ruby Ad «laid* Dredge, occurred at South Melbourne i«n Sunday. The child was returniog from Su ulajr richool, and stopped to play with other children ia the street, when a tram stopped ne^r at hand. Thechil.I seized the opportunity to get <rom the step of the re»rtnost to the platform of the middle car. She managed to retain her footing, when the cur« started, but BPbing tbe conductor approaching she at- tempts! to jump off the step. Tbe result was tKat she tell between the two care, and the wheel« of the Becond one passed over her right leg. She was taken to the Melbourne Hospital, and after consultation it was decided to amputate the injured limb. The little sufferer sustained internal injuries as well, and her condition is very critical. In North Melbourne a man named Joseph Hall jumped or fell from a tram, struck his head on the roadway, aud died shortly afterwards. Hill leaves a widow and six children, A narrow escape from being struck by lightning during Sunday's storm is reported. A mau named Pinkerton was leaning against a verandah post at Grafton when the lightning struck a room in the building, travelled round the wal)plate shattering the bed and the con- tents of the room, and destroying the posts till it reached the one he was leaning against. The lightning split it up the centre, rendering Pinkerton unconscious, and throwing him a considerable distance. When he reoovered consciousness his left side was completely paralysed, but he is now recovering slowly. The saying that the glacier gives everything back again has now been proved anew. Some days ago, at the end of the Bosenlaue glacier above Meiringen, the unrecognisable remains of a human corpse were found, which had pro- bably, after years in the glacier, been pushed out by the ice moving forward and melting. An old-fashioned folding-mp, drinking-oup, and a magnifying-glais, most likely for the study of plants, were found near the corpse. It is supposed that the unfortunate person was a tourist. As nothing is known in Ober hasli of any tourists having perished on.the mountains since the disappearance of Dr. Hsller and two guideB from Grindelwald in 1880, it is probable that after thirteen years the body of one of that unfortunate party has come to light. " Anglo-Australian" in the European Mail, says:-"In view of the fact that the butter market has ruled quiet, I am glad to state that the thousand boxes or so from Australia just landed in London have done well, and the new make has been going off at 116s. The best French has been only 116s to 120s. The Victorian Secretary of Agriculture has reoeived a communication from the represen- tative of a firm in London which sold a shipment of oaten hay chaff, exported thither some weeks ago by the B.M.S. Britannia. He states that favourable opinions as to the quality of the fodder were expressed by the newspapers in London, and inquiries were being made by those who gave it a trial for further quantities. If fodder were sent in a compressed form the freight would be lowered to an extent that would admit of a profitable trade being developed. One shipment was not sufficient to give the fodder a chance of establishing itself in the London market. There should be fonr or five shipments, at about fortnightly intervals. The present season, it was stated, owing to the probably heavy crop in Australia, and the high prices ruling for fodder in London, offered a very favourable opportunity for, starting this trade. News from Wyndham states that a half caste youth, aged about 20, has been dis- covered among the Osmond tribe of blacks in Western Australia, and he is believed to be a relic of the Leichhardt party. The Orient Steamship Company have determined to bring no more Chinese to Aus- tralia from Colombo. A sad case is reported from Burnside, South Australia. A little boy named Harold Waterhouse, aged six, took a revolver from where it was hanging, loaded it, and whilst playing with Leonard, a brother a year older than himself, he fatally shot him. The intercolonial rifle match was a very close contest, as Yiotoria only beat New South Wales by four points. ? Whilst the racehorse Tyrone was being exercised by his owner Mr. James Murray at Conjola one day last week, the animal bolted through the bush, and struck a tree limb, which entered his side and caused his death. The rider escaped with some bruises. Tyrone was valued at 200 guineas. Here is something from a German news- paper which will do two things for you be- sides what it pretends to do. It will amuse you, will give you practice in mental arith- metic as well OB enable you to appear to your friends to be an extraordinarily gifted person. Says the newspaper in question, the age of a person and the month in which he was born may be discovered as follows : Pirat, you ask him to go to the other end of the room, to prevent your seeing what he is going to write. Then you ask him to put down the number of the month in which he was born, and multiply it by 2, then add 5 to the sum and multiply the latter by 50, add his age to the quotient, then deduct 361, and add 115 to the difference. Suppose he is 49 years of age, and waa bora in February, the computation might stand thus : 2x2-4, plus 5-9, x50 450, plus 49-449, minus 365-134, plus 115-249 ; the last two figures indicate the age- TjZj 49, and the first figure, 2, February, the second month of the year. You simply ask the person to state the result of the cal- culation, and then declare that he was born in February and ÍB 49 years of age. Experi- ment with this as often as you please, and it is sure to work, provided you do it correctly. An official connected with the Legislative Assembly in Macquarie-street was smitten with bronchitis. He retired to a little weatherboard house up Middle Harbour, and wrestled with the disease. The white ants were destroying the house, and during the intervals in his bronchial spasms the victim undertook to kill the ants by means of car- bolic aoid. He placed hot bricks under the house, and poured the acid on them, so that the fumeB would soak into the wood. During the operations he inhaled considerable car- bolic acid himself, and at the end of a few weeks he had not only killed the white_ ants, but completely cured his bronchitis. He is now in the House of Assembly looking the picture of copy faoiitb. Xhii ii worth thinking about, A hita! accident occurred at Thuddungra, near Young, a few days ago. A man named Frank Forbes offered to back a horse named ^ggy» owned by J Causer, to race another horae named Emerald, the property of P, Walsh, for a bridle. Ouuser refused the use of his horse, as being unsafe to ride. Forbes afterwards took the animal, and the race was started. Peggy bolted, and ran her rider againBt a tree, killing him on the spot. Application was made on Glasson'a behalf for permission to write a letter to the preos, in which he. might convey some laBt requests he desires to make to his friends. Acting on the general principles that a prisoner under sentence of death cannot communicate with anyone, the Premier was obliged to decline to grant the request. Glasson on Tuesday wrote a loving letter to his wife, deeply sympathising with her in her present condi- tion, and requesting har not to see him again before his death. He also wrote to Dr, M'Kellar ashing him to use his influence with Mrs. Glasson, and to soothe her during her distressed moments. Messrs. Pitt, Son, and Badgery sold a five* legged wether at the Homebush sale yards on Qlonday. The freak realised 22B 6d. 