TALK ON . fCHAira&r; Curaes. like chickens, come home to roost, 6ays the proverb. < " Damn Chicago/' said Sir Geoi^e Dibbs in a light and 'careless mood, 3ust«a if he were 'addressing a-' fellow Australian Premier.' But Chicago is not a Kingston or a M'Hwraith or a -Patter son to be damned with impunity. With a passionless, relentless resentment, it trea sured the epithet in its memory along with that other deadly insult, the quarantining in Sydney of the horses of an American circus. And by and by the profane and thooghtleB» Dibba entrusts all the choicest minufal1 specimens of New South Wales to the keep;? ing of the city he had anathematised, ai^i snap-they are seized to avenge that inrtfir and indemnify that circus. As a sample Vt. the Dibbs vocabulary of vituperation it a poor, ooloarieas tiling, and yet It has" cost him all his other specimens. The lesson is a severe and salutary one, but onr doty as Australians is to consider how it can be turned to profit. What I propose is that we should send over specimens of our legis lators to the Exhibition-say, Mr. Melville, Mr. Salmon, Mr. Scott, and Mr. Maloney, and then engage Sir George Dibbs to damn Chicago again. ! Contrast the language of Sir George Dibbs with that of one of our own great men under circumatanofH of far greater aggrava tion. Mr. E. G. Fitegibbon, chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works, sat in the Speaker's Gallery of the Legislative Assembly when the till to allow the salaries of Che officers of that-board to be reduced was under discission,- and be beard all the ! little members take advantage of the op portunity to attack him personally. He sat it all oat stoically, buthe disdained to look at his tormentors. He held a copy of the bill in his hand, and bis eyes continually traversed It line by line, following the motion of a bag magnifying glaai which he moved from side to side of the paper. The only aiga of emotion he gave was that the magnifier moved more quickly as the attack grew more personal, and in turn more slowly as anything was said in bis favour. But he forgot to turn over, and it has been cal culated that he read one clause of the bill seventy-six times. To insult they added injury by ordering that his salary be reduced at the end of his first term of four years. But when he spoke on the subject before hia board, did he say damn Wilkins, damn W. T. Carter, damn Methven? No, be simply said, "My feelings towards those persons are not pleasant." If Sir George Dibbsbadsaid," My feel in era towards Chicago axe not pleasant," New South Wales would never have lost bar specimens. Culture is making its way into the ranks of the bookmakers. When the Victorian Club elected Mr. L. L. Smith its chairman, misled by the fact that bis number on the telephone is 666, it had no idea that it was introducing a refilling influence which would work its w&y; downwards and ultimately show itself in the paddock. Yet so it is, *nd I am glad to. be able to fortify my statement by a recent example. After the stewards at Caulfield had de cided that Tim Swiveller won the Cup and the V.R.C. oommittee had deckled that Sainfoin won it, » gentleman in authority went to one of the leading bookmaker* and advised bun not to payon Sainfoinfor there was ^probability of further trouble. . What did the bookmaker do t Did he resort to tb&t; directness and rtvpagth ©f^xpression which distinguished the ring in tbe pre-L.L. days t No. He flew to the Italianmuse, and, with a bitter irony which; Giniud Alone fcouid equal, he exclaimed-''The comedy ftnita." Gentle reader, have you ever lasted a Charlotte Butsef If not, you have never lunched at Flemington or Caulfield race course, for they are the great caterer's specially. A coating of rich Bpbnge, just tough enough to detain t^e spoon until it gains sufficient impetuB to rush eagerly into the delicious interior, which is not costard and not cream, ^t ablendinii o! the flavour of both. &>!»?> an owner and backer of raoeboreeB. An ancient and epigiammatio trainer'tilings ilghly of the caterer as a caterer, but despises the caterer aaajtidge tit Monies. "Xet him kiwft oh;'" Baid he, yithagU»myhhake of the head ; "let him keiep on bactrin' 'psaes long enough and he'll lose all them there Charlotte roses."1 !.' . The happiest man at Fletatagton on TueB day was the Prefliieir. ! ; tiardl^ could he restrain himself Ecota a rallying vpeech ashe stood ont^%rr^.«iihounded "by a gaily dressed. and happy throng Where is tbe depreattionl" he asked ; ana if he had only had a chair-baok in front of him in order that he might thnmp it, as is his wont, anil a glass of water at his left hand, he would'have gone onto prove that the Government has fulfilled its mission, and there ia no occasion to call Parliament to gether for at least eight months. Mr. Patter eon »the Tarcoola of politics. He has done a good deal of in-and-ont running, and has several times got into a place, but Was always uncertain and flighty when on the training track, and as he grew older there was less and less hope of seeing the orange jacket in front. But when all the touts had given him up would not have him at any price-he adds a green scarf to his colours, and comes away from the rack carrying all before him. It is now recognised that the Agents' Plate is a gift to him whenever he chooses to go for jt The sporting waiters have been somewhat less fortunate in their tips than usual, but we must not be too severe on them. I confess I did not expect Tafcoola to win myself. But one of them, at least, is as far out in I his criticism of the name of a horse as in his anticipation of results. He wrote the other day with fine scorn of the "stupidly" named Edom o' Gordon, a steeplechaser, evidently in ignorance of the fact that Edom o' Gordon or Adam Gordon in the fitie bid Scottish ballad was a'gentle-; man who^llqped fast and far when pursued by hifl ehemifes.' What' more appropriate name bould. diete' be for a racehorse?' Judeb would not have been rejoicing so heartily just now if Carnage, for instance,! had proved hiinself an Edom o'Gordon who could not bec&ught.; ' Poor Sandy Is working for a pound a week | now, and such rations as he can get, and he often thinks with a sigh of his welcome to1 the colony. It was in the early dayB of the: Palmer River diggings in Queensland, when money was plentifal, and anything out of the or, for the matter of that, in the1 was made the excuse for a cbaii!$$m|b>read, or, as the boys called it. "^JpharijS^pa^dy's brothers had got on to \a gtyMtapef, AnjJ^hey got him out from Scot land, riiMt, on his arrival there was! jiVhangixftani^^fiad not Been champagne Sejiofeg,bUrhetffle to it kindly, and finally, in his neighbourhood were a voice that all the table could fi®, ? **ljandlort, tak' awa' they empty bottles and bring us some mair o' yon guid ginger-beer." The shriek of laughter with which this speech Was greeted echoed round the diggings for weeks. As His Excellency the Governor went op Collins-street in state to the prorogation of Parliament on Monday, a matter-of-fact man standing on the kerb asked "Is that the GovernorT* "Ves" was the answer. "I suppose," he said quite seriously, "he is going out to the Fitzroy Pony races." I heard it given 88 a reason why the princi pals atbenefit theatrical performances should not be too harshly judged, especially when j the seasondoes not extend beyond the first night.. Ev^n Juliefe friends found fault with Ae " stiff * way in Which she held one hand' against the roof dfthe balcony almosttbrougfa out that well-know^lo^icene. The explana-] tion lay in the facfjthatJuliet, on coming on to the balcony. aaw that the roof was giving way, and had to hold it up during her love making. Her self- possession was slightly upset, too, by the fact that Romeo, instead of beginning " How silver soft sound lovers' tongues by night," remarked in an anxious whisper, " Don't cotne too near the edge of! the balcony, or it will collapse.*" " How silver soft indeed !" There was at least one bit of philosophy heard after Tarcoola bad weighed in. " They've skinned the lamb as uBual," said a racing man, " hut, thank Heaven, they took, him this year just off the shears, and not in the wool as nsunl." Though the pacing touts failed in their duty, the writing* was on the wall all the same for those whojbad eyes to read it The Argus of Cup t&orning; announced that at the Exhibition on the evening after the Cup { Miss Charlotte Hemming would recite j " How We Beat the Favourite." One man who sat next me in the andience was not in | the least stirred by the galloping ride, but with a pained look in bis face said, " Well, I'm dashed! This is rubbing it in!" It was almo8t.as irritating as the small boys on the top of a cutting at Fiemington who, when ever a train stopped at that point, as return trains do pretty often on Cup day, sang' .with mischievous iteration the refrain of a scng called *'§tone, motherless, broke." i The ladyoj^ratots at the Exchange hardly j getthfe feyttip&thy; that is their due on Cup I day.' A fnend cf mine rang them up to ask j the resnli of Cup-of course he had no business to doft-a&d; the answer he got was j " Jewopola,Tqritage, and Creweller." j The railway revenue keeps falling in spite of the mastedy management of the commis sioners, but tht^ can at least thank their lucky sti^ttatthey have to deal mostly with mini. " A"'few days ago an old lady got' out of the Gippsland train with a fairly large1 bag. " I offceredto carry it out for her," but she declined seemed to me-some | alarm. XVhllf l Was wondering whether I had been rnisj&lcen; for a thief or a hotel ' tout, ttie explanation was supplied in the! lady taking out of the bag. He! had been vithout a dog ticket. j The re^iamol^he stage is placed beyond! doubt.. correspondent of the | future &$}MiS*t>ioody battle he will .. say s^n^iwj^f ^tlBras as thrilling as any thing we have t&en; at Drury-iaqe," What toakWime think so is that Madame Berp 'hardt, wlio S^a^i Rio during thebombard mfent, declared,Stw be theatrically a failure. She failed toAnd;.$» it a single gag, tag, or bit of " business" likely to make Cleopatra more aooeptabie'tban she is now. The native bear in tlie ' wilds.. olj. S^tuihaw was mote thrfll InJjl ' Says to an interviewer: 'iM;:W»ldnigbt 211 guns were fired, and nothitigwhatever was demolibhed. Fort Santa Onus appeared to be exchanging salutes with Atiiiiiral Mello'a flagship rather thaubemg pounded with shot arid sJiell. The combatants Were vety careful ,«ot. to injure each other. (Oti 8'tparffhait: c'itaii visible.) The French admiral, With exquisite courtesy, placed a steam launch at my disposition. About the middle of the sec6ndday, and with out any great emotion, I landed at Kio, where I spent two days under an escort of gallant marine cavaliers. My deception was intense. Everything was perfectly quiet, and the only fact which showed the bombardment to be in progress was the people going down to the beach to have a look at it. They certainly did not regard shells as dangerous, and the extra ordinary firing of their enemies was calcu lated to keep up the delusion. The Admiral's flag-ship, which liad hoisted the insurrec tionary flag-which, strangely enough, is white-appeared to be anxiously engaged in finding out some Bpot to fire at without doing anyone an injury." Madame, it will be observed, only went ashore after noting the feffect, or want of effect, of the ships' fire. The gunners who could not hit a town w.ould have a poor chance of hitting Madame Bern hardt "Tuesday, November 7, and Thursday, November 9, having been gazetted bank holidays, this bank will be closed for busi ness on these days." . So' I read as 1 was passing an important porner in Armadale. It could be.no mistake-no illusion of the brain -for the building has two frontages, and two big windows, and in each Avindow Was a notice. Since April last,' when the stoppages began, I have occasionally gone by,, but never' seen any door open, nor any window up, nor any soul about. It was the local branch of an institution, which painted its name up in bigger letters on the side wall than any of its "associates." I noticed other pedestrians besides myself stopping to read, and staring as if they were looking at a reward placard. They were not annoyed at being prevented from lodging deposits, and I'm sure it they had wanted to draw and had any hopes of being paid they would have gladly waited till the 10th or 11th. What seemed to strike them as odd was that a' place which now keeps 365 holidays in the year should make snsh a fuss about not opening on two. I don't think it could have been a joke, for the notices had been put up from within. Perhaps some ghost was answerable-the ghost of an overworked clerk, who had for years joyfully filled in such a card and placed it in the window as each Cup eve arrived, and now that neither the old shop nor himself is alive, has come from his eerie corner in the empty building to secure the ghost of a holiday for the ghost of an institution. WOOMERA, 