BARFOLD. (FROM OVB own COKEESPONDENT.) Monday. A most successful concert was held in the Watch-bor Gully State-school, on the evening of Friday, 28th July, the proceeds of which will be devoted to the purchase of a science apparatus in connection with chemistry for use in ihe above school. The attendance was a surprise, considering the state of the roads just now; in feet ratting room was not to be had. The concert bill of fare -consisted of 25 numbers, each of which was well received. The performers were from Barfold, Mia Mia, Black Hill, and Glenhope. 'The recitations were supplied by members of the Excelsior. Class, East Barfold, and the accompanists during the evening were Misses Rowan, M Stanley, and Sutton. Mrs- Thos. Hickins assisted our efforts very much by ldndly lending her. harmonium for the occasion. Mr. E. Metcalf, on being voted to the chair, submitted the following programme :—Glee," All among:the barley," Barfold choir; solo, "Four jolly smiths," Mr M'Alpine; recitation, "Off the track,' Mr J.W. Metcalfe; solo, "Fiddle and3," Miss Bussell; duet, "The roving min* etrels," Messrs. Stanley and Sunderland; ling, - The tagtam," Mr ;E. Metcalf j eolo," Lb'veTs old nweet song/' MiES "Phronipe Adame ; 'dialogue, "Lochielt warning,'' Messrs O'Shea, and 'T. Metcalf; eolo,A bird in tbe hand," Miss Clark j recitation, "Papa's letter, Miss Maggie Metcalf; solo, " Harbor lights," Mr. EL Mauley j musical selection," TŁe march;" Miss Sutton; recitation, "Tbo ghost," Muter 'W. Metcalf; solo, " Jessie's dream," Miss; Came {encored./; duet, "Oh! wert tŁóu in ' cauld blast" Misses Stanley; recitation, "Maniac," MES James Clark; solo,"Kate O'Shane," Miss Miller; eolo,-"Teeterday s Bussell; recitation, "Paddy the piper," Master E. *S. Metcalf; Eolp, "A boy's best friend 's bis mother," Mr. Sunderland; recitation, "The łraiglar" Master O'Shea; solo, "Midshipmite," Mr. M'Alpine (encored); part song, "The sleighing party," Barfold choir. : Messrs M'Lean, Pwyer; Metcalf, and M"E5n|ght moved and seconded the usual votes of 33ie diamond drill at fiedeBdale łtiu commenced another bojein a westerly direc-. tion tojthe previous workings.' - A hombte scene occurred in 3łew Irak prison.- 33ie electric current CaSad to IqU the culprit, who revived, .^ą stnedicsl p0ci^«dmimsteredchlorofdnn4to Łim,lie was r^aoed in jthe chair, and a\curreiit TOBEwifaifid onfeom an electric light poet m tbe street, with the reaolt that ihe can was instantly failed. A London jpable states thtA Mr Bnxtob, rf wdl-biown fim^Eejniaia, fiunW. W Co. ifrBuxtoiiSs^iftpscena^nt^ihe ph|laalhK«nat Bn»ton, who Lro^ .lngU^auiafl ansa iu4he ag^awlSaTe bade. 