THE ULSTER PARLIAMENT. THE AEEANGBMBNTS ALMOST COMPLETED. ubseb op jfboobdtjbe. The Oeneral Committee appointed to make arrangements for the first meeting of the Ulster Central Assembly is a very representative and influential body, con sisting of the watch committee of the Convention League, the Ulster Unionist members of both Houses of Parliament, and the chairman and secretaries of the divisional committees. The attendance books will be placed in the vfestibule of the hall, and members will enter their names in these before taking their seats. The preliminary proceedings are to be conducted in private. The order of pro cedure will be as follows : — 1\. Election of President. 2\. . Do. Vice-President. 3\. Do. OfiBcers, secretaries, and treasurers. 4i. Adoption of bye-laws and standing orders. 5\. Election of Council of 40. 6\. Resolution as to the G-uarantee . IHind. 7\. Resolutions against Home Rule. 8\. Resolution of thanks to House of Lords for their rejection ''of the Home Rule BiU. The following is the proposed mode of election of Council, which, of course, is the most important part of the proceed ings:— _ order to secure adequate representa tion of the different districts of Ulster on -the Elective Council without hampering the choice of the members of the Central Assembly by too narrow local limits, it is proposed that the voting shall take place by sections, four in number, viz. : — The . Rastern, the Western, the Southern, and . the City of Belfast; and that the mem bers of the Central Assembly from each /: section shall elect a number of members I of Council proportionate to the number of. registered members of the Ulster , Defence Union in such section. The election to the Council shall take place by voting papers containing the names of those elible to be elected. Members of the Central Assembly who . have been proposed and seconded by other members of the Central Assembly on the form of nomination herewith sent shall be eligible for election as members of the Council. A list of members of the Assembly is enclosed. (N.B. — It shall be open to the members of each section to nominate for elec tion to the Council any of the 600 delegates whether belonging to their section or not.) These forms, with the name or names of the candidates proposed and the signatures of the proposer and seconder, must be delivered to the honorary secretaries of the Ulster Convention League, at their offices, 13 Lombard Street, Belfast, by post or by hand, on or before Wednesday, 19th October. The eastern section, comprising the Counties of Down and Antrim, including the borough of Newry, returning 57,266 registered members, shall be entitled to elect thirteen members of the Council. The Western section, comprising the Counties of Donegal, Fermanagh, London derry, and Tyrone, including the City of Derry, returning 58,683 registered mem bers, shall be entitled to elect thirteen members of the council. The Southern section, comprising the Counties of Armagh, Cavan, and Mona- ghan, returning 27,569 registered mem bers, shall be entitled to elect seven members of the council. City of Belfast, returning 26,871 registered members, shall be entitled to elect seven members of the council. For convenience of voting, the seats in the hall will be arranged in blocks, in which the delegates from the four sec tions will take their respective places. The following manifesto has been issued to the 600 elected delegated to the Ulster Assembly, to the Ulster members of Parliament, and to the chairmen and secretaries of divisions:— Deab Sib — On the 17th of March last, at the request of a widely-representative committee, we addressed the Loyal people of Ulster stating that a great crisis had arisen, the gravity of which could not be over-estimated; that our liberties and fortunes and the future of our country were in danger, and we urged the im mediate necessity of organising to meet the emergency. In response to that appeal six hundred delegates, representing every class and creed, have been duly elected to the Central Assembly. The first meeting of that body will be held in the Ulster Hall, Belfast, on Tuesday, 24ith inst., at 11 '30 a.m., at which your attendance is requested. The attitude of Ulster Unionists to wards Home Rule has undergone no change since it was unanimously and determinedly adopted at the great Con vention of Jnne 17th, 1892. It will be for this assembly to emphasise afresh the declarations of that Convention. Forty members are to be elected to a Council in vihich they will be associated with the Ulster Unionist members of both the Houses of Parliament, whose duty it will be to watch over the interests of the Unionists in the struggle which is not yet closed, and when occasion arises to formulate and submit to the Assembly the jiolicy and course of action to be adopted by the Unionists of Ulster. This declaration of policy will secure a unanimity and go forth with an authority only to be obtained by the decision of such a representative Assembly, specially elected for this duty. Whatever differences of opinion may exist among us on minor points of politics, we are absolutely unanimous on the great subject with which the Assembly has to deal, and the important matter is to secure the election of a Council composed of men of courage and discretion, thoroughly representative of all sections of the Unionist party and of all parts of the province. We have to direct your attention to the proposed arrangements for the meet ing, and mode of election of the Council. — We are, yours faithfully. Abebcobn". LoNDONDEBBy. . ,Ebnb. Abxhub Hiiiii. Ebwabd; Satindbbsoit. Daniel Dixoir (Lord' Mayor of Belfast) . James A. MaoCullauh. . ' (Mayor of Londonderry). , ' Thomas Andbews. Adam Dueein. Thomas Sinolaib. True Irlslintea l«oyal.— Seldom do Bri.iso orators tr&sa; spssKiog of emineat Irishmen mention the faot that enah men were all loyallste. Take as an example the apeeoh of Lord Biborte on reooiving last week the freedom of the city of Watwford. Anything said by him is moat naturally and jnstly read by the Bngliah people with the cloe intereet. Wall, be apoke eloqaeatly of the aerytoea rendered to the Empire by emlaenl Iriahman— Napier, Lawrenoe Dafferin and Wolseley. These and many others were the examples he gave to show that Ireland has contribnted her share and even more than her equal share, to. the roll ot England's worthies. He shoold have added that they were all loyal to the cere. Itinerating Missionaries in Ireland ->0f ooarae, the sabjaot of oon- fCssioB is one ot the most frequent topios that oar agents have to disoass, and the following extracts will be of espeoial interest " Oa going op the hill to-day my comrade and I overtook a man and walked with him some distance. Conversation soon turned to the great theme of salvation, and he said that ' going to a confession was a very good thing to enable a man to live well.' I agree with you,' I replied, ' and I think a man should go every day of his life, and even more than once a day.' The old man stopped, looked at me with the greatest astoniahmsnt, and, after aaing the name of God in a strong expresrion asked how could a poor man go to eonfeamn every day ? He considered that a mm who went once a month would ba a sort of angel. It was a grand opportnnity to tall him of the great High Priest Who is ever listening for the fdntest cry of repentance, and Who has said that, ' It we confess onr sins Ha is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.' " Satolll Mules— Sitolli rnns the show and no mistake. He has dismissed, re.inatated, reduced and elevated priests in the United States just as it suitee him and no one dared say him nay. Now he has turned his atten tion to Canada and Newfoundland. The papers announce that a few days ago an aasistant was sent to the Archbishop of Newfoundland although that gentleman had not desired snch an official. It is said the assistant comes from Florida and has had a great many difficulties with his colleagues. We trust the Newfoundland Roman Catholics may be grateful to their Italian master for his cavalierly treatment of their Archhishop. Tbe old Prayera, and tbe new CoU'verta — By consent of His Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, . a Service from the old Liturgy of the Church of Ireland was need in the Mission Church, Dablin, on Sunday, April 30th, when twenty-six adnlt Converts from the Church of Rome were admitted into the fellowship of the Church of Ireland. The ceremony is a very simple one. The_ Converts make a short statement of their having renounced the errors of Rome, and their intention to adhere to the doctrines and practices of the Church of Ireland for the future, believing them to be in conformity with the Scriptures. After this declaration, and subsequent brief prayer on behalf of the' Converts, each of them is admitted into fellowship by the minister taking the Convert by the hand, at the same time repeating the words, " By virtue of the anthority committed to me, I do, upon this thy solemn profession and earnest request, receive thee into the Holy Oommunion of the Chnrch of Ireland, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Most of these Converts are parents of children attending the Schools of the Irish Chnrch Missions in Dablin, all having received the knowledge of the truth through the instrumentality of that Society. Peter'a Pence Declining:.— A committee of Cardinals has been appjinted by the Pope to inquire into the causes for the decrease in the amonnts realizsd from " Pdter's Pence." Considering tbe enormous sums yearly sent to Rome as a result of these collections the Pope ought to have saved enough to keep him in comfort withont any farther collections. It might be advisable for some of the faithful to ask for an aulitof the accounts in connection with " Peter's Pence." Only tbe Irisb Flag:.— The Roman Catholio Mayor of New York, Mr. Gilroy, refused the request of 75,000 Italians to allow their flag to float from the city Hall on September 20th, the anniversary of the occupation ot Rome by United Italy, though he permitted the Irish flag to be hoisted on St. Patrick's day. " It is easy to guess what is at the bottom of Gilroy's refusal," says the New York Staats Zeitung, the ablest German paper in America. " Possibly," it adds, " Mayor Gilroy would like to see Monsignor Satolli as a guest at his table." And possibly, also, Saiolli will have something , to say to other politicians in naming the oandidates for office— even the highest— in future elections in this country. He is not the man to possess power without using it. Canada. — Canadian papers are rarely witnout eomethiug to show that animosity in its worst shape is still kipt alive by. some means or other in the breasts of the French population. The recent demonstration of a Montreal mob of Roman Catholics against the Cbristiaa Endeavour Convention ended in a fiasco, both wind and rain helping to disperse the rioters, but since then a succession of little incidents have shown how the. spirit which leads, to disturbance is sustained. It has been remarked by one writer that two hnndred years on the Amsrioan Continent have taught the French settlers neither the first principles of religious liberty nor lessened its hostility to everything bearing tbe Eaglish name. It is the same in the United States. There, wherever the priest-ridden congregate, is a community that cannot ba assimilated in the life of the nation, but exists as an undigHBted lump, and an obstacle to progrsss. For once, says the Eock, we are in agree ment with the motlvea wuioh have prompted a drcuiar letter from the Vatican. In an Encyclical which has just been read in the Bomaa Catholio. ohorohM thronghont the oouatry, tbe F ips deaoanoaeoertain laflaeooes which seem to him to rank firat in effecting a , retropado movamaat oa the jpart of the masses. Enumerated, they are, first, the distaste to a siqaple and laborious life ; second, repugnance to suffering ot any kind ; third, the forgetfulness of the future life; The Pope comments in a general way oa those several traits of disposition; They have their issue in " leading the workman to desert his trade, to shrink from toil, to heooms discon tented with his lot, to fix his gaze on things that are above him, and to look forward with unthinking hopefulness to some futsre equalization ot property. He observes that the same temper permeates the masses with eagerness to exchange the life of rural dis- tricts for the excitements and pleasnres of the town; and deaoribas as "the dream of a chimeric civilisation " that state of things in which all that is nnpleasant shall be removed, and all that is pleasant supplied. Lastly, the Pope exhorts every one to remember that " the present state of things is not a home, nor a destination, but only a stage in the journey." The temper and spirit of such a letter are most praiseworthy. 