a MUSEUM jsnn.jsu:. UST ofT tho high road, on a breezy clifi ; J which ovorlooks tho Mediterranean two littl? domes poor abovo a rough, lime j ?washed wall. Thoy indicato that; a saint aud his saintly issue (for the title is heredit ary in Islam) lie buried thero, and, in theii way, define the gulf which tho French are so i anxious to bridgo ovor here In Algeria. Imagine an oblong enclosuro strown with narrow whito tombs in all stages, of oblitera tion and decay, choked with waving grasses nnd slimy w--eds ; at its Eastern bdso a low, white pent house whero dwells tho care taker— a good man who has either obtained his office as a sinecure of inheritance, or has been at pains to establish it as such for tho benefit of himself and posterity. Springing as an excrescence from tho northern wall, nnd built into it,' is tho oldest of tho koubbas, or shrines, a blind, white square of broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy tiles, ami bristling with n rude battlement, above which ri*es a squat, blunted dome. A glance through tho grating in the dour reveals darkness and dim tombs, a ragged tanner or two, and a bit of faded drapery ; over everything dustj mildew, and spiders.. Peeling through the ragged branches of a bushy old fig- trefl, facing her sister, is tho younger of these two little shrines. More adventurous, flightier; sadly ta wdy ; making, hdwever, with hef gay dado of tiles, queer scrawling mottoes and cabalistic signs, a bright Eastern picture. Sho bears an airy littlo facatlt of threo or four horseshoe arches poised on slonder spiral columns — discovered through their crust of crumbling whitewash to bo marble ; relics, possibly; of the old Hoinarl city buried hero. . Two tin lanterns, stuck over with pink paper roses aud guttered candlo-onds, dangio to and fro under tho arcade. At otir first meeting the koubbas were simmering in a mellow glow, as. if tho centu ries of warmth and light were being returned to tho tun which gave thorn. Nothing was Wanting to bompletti tho Eastern glamour df tho whole : vivid sunshino ; whito dome* clear cut against a blue sky ; a tall palm with its swaying crown of feathers; a shrouded woman huddled against the wall, and her dirty child tumbling half- naked among the tombs; a hobbled donkey pain fully cropping hero and there ; and. as if to till and crown the picturo, u young Kabyle camo presoutly out of tho lean-to at. the end of the court carrying a cruehe in her hand. A grey petticoat, striped red and white, down to her knecsju loose muslin shirt which suggested, instead of hiding, her full bustf and a bright handkerchief in her glossy hair were all her dress. One stopped to admire her gracious carriage and unembarrassed step, -her ruddy-brown clear skin aud largo Bhining oyes. She camo, swinging tho rnirAe, to the difipidated old well in the middle of the court, and stood leaning on one arm against the parapet while the bucket descended. Then she hauled it up hand over hand, with easy, sweeping strokes, hor body betiding to tho weight like some slender poplar before a galo, her bare feet planted apart, grasping tho soil as firmly as its roots. A colour flushed her brown | cheeks, and the light gleamed in her eyes; her soft lips parted to ease her breathing, , her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil with tho hard work. The 'March wind caught her hair anu blew it across her face ; sho tossed it back withasmile, and as she tossed threw a glance at us over her shoulder, und smiled again. A fine, free young thing, innocent dud frisky as a filly out at grass, with a toilful, frugal life ueforo her in the quiet court, until she marry somo grave, brown man of her own race, and raise up strong sons to spruwl as children in a sunny corner such as this, then to go forth to work tending goats, or hoeing vineyards on the rugged mountain sides or in the peaceful valleys of this beautiful land of hers. This pretty creaturo was tho daughter of tho caretaker, and lived in the lean-to hut with I don't know how many generations ot relatives ; for, as well as women and girls, thero was a swarm of children for ever crawling and scramblingabout iu thecourt. I watched often and carefully the simple life of the Kabyle family, and found it full of charm and suggestion. There was a gentle uncomplaining mediocrity about them all ; a steady working for a few things, and a deop enjoyment of tho wages thereof, a directness j and innocence, and a vigour which, as a lesson alone, were worth going out to see. 1 From Algiers, brightest, most motley, most self-seeking of sunny southern towns, where the French havo signally bridged their gulf — laying sure foundations of absintho and hotel requirements to be fulfilled for sous — and converted their wild Arabs into flaneurs^ chiffonier*, touts, quack guides, and what not (alt which parts, be it said, the Arabs woro very willing to play) ; from Algiers, I say, to tho tranquil moments of this even lifeisa far cry, und hopefully sug gestive of a possibloasylum from the noisy, blatant storm and stress amid which most of us sweat und groan our days away. Cemeteries and tombs aro favourite haunts of the women inall Eastern countries, and accordingly I find numbers of them here everyday. In the presence of the dead, it seems, they venturo to disregard the living, fordircctly they have entered the court and kissed tho walls aud a stray stono or so, they throw off their habarahs, and, squatting in a corner, prepare to enjoy themselves in their shrill, acrid fashion. Shrouded in the habarah, her legs swathed in thick folds of calico, cach resembles her sister ghost, aud shullles on her same dull way encumbcred with mystery— nono of her ? seeking— draperies, and babies. Unveiled, tho mono tony is still there, for it goesdeoper than tho veil ; and horrible it is to conclude, as irresistibly we must, that the clothes have become veritable Nessus shirts; that the shrouds onco on can never como off again ; for if put away they are still there, shrouding soul instead of body. And the shrouding hete begins at fourteen ; think of that 1 A mother of two children— a mere slip of a girl— comes nearly every day. Comes shuffling in, a drub bundle of a creaturo, dragging her babies with her; punctually kisses the same stones, and then chatters in a thin voico for halfau , hour. A mote pathotlc sight I think I never saw. Wan and lined and vacant ; gossips a i little; slaudcrs in whispers and with eyes askance at tho object of it, or ut mo ; laughs shrilly without merriment, and always where to cry would be moro to the purpose ; then rises with a weary gesture and puts on the shroud that never was off if fho but knew it ; and shutlles out again into her cage. These Kabyle dwellers in tho lean-to aro better off. No shrouds, pnlpublo or inpalpable, for them. Hard work iu plenty, and a bed as hard to rest on, scanty fare, a died to cover them ; hero are no luxurios, God wot. But free limbs and a bare head, bare feet and a free soul, are gifts from the tteasure- honso of Kutuio, though now per haps somewhat seorucd and made light of by (lie qualms and whimsies of a high sniffing world. ' Ineomo of ono hundred pounds a year,' cries Carlylc, ' and no dry rot in tho soul of you anywhere; income of oiio hundred thousand pounds a year, umI nothing but dry-aml-wet rot iu th'o soul of you (ugly appetites, unveraeilies, blusterous conceits, and probubly— as symbol of all things— a pot-belly to your poor body itself) ; oh, my friends !' —Temple liar. 