Was it a Dream? Argosy.) Many years ago, in that old Kensing ton which has been eo charmingly described by Mies Thackeray, there lived low- -Sfo wa? the daughter . . stern old general rolling in wealth a poor cavalry captain with noth ing but bis pay. No need to tell the Bequel ! Rich men in those dayB, though they m«y be called the 'good old times,' brine more sympathy with penniless rooog ®en wb came a-wooing to their daughters than they have now. This particular one, though bis money might b»ve made his daughter and her lover 'happy eTer &fter;>' WM nat inclined to speed it in each a way. He had set hie heart on marrying her to a lord, and in that case would settle enough on her to buy a king's ransom. But he was not going tn enrich a young man who had nothing of his own, nor did he mean to help his daughter to throw herself away. So when Captain Lennox called to ask him for his consent to his marriage with Jeanne, be pretty quickly got hie conge, and was told that young men in the army with no private fortune Bhould serf fur a wife in the Union. It wa9 very insulting, no doubt, bnt then the General wsb greatly roused, and also — hid the goat. A sorrowful interview followed be tween the lovers (for they found a meeting- place). ' Is it then eo very bad, Jamie, that you think papa will not relent 1' asked the tearful Jeanne. 1 1 fear so, oiy darling,' answered the iorer ; ' but tell me, would yon bave tbe oarage to marry me at once 1 I don't cue for the money one straw ; I would rell ont, aud get something to do, and we might be happy yet.' This was wrong, perhaps, in the Captain, but he was very much in love, and really wanted the girl for her own iweet sake alone. But Jeanne would not listen to bis suggestion. She had strict ideas about obeying one's father, learned from her French mother. When that mother knew she was leaving her child for ever in this world, she said to ber : ' Whatever you do, ma cherie,aever disobey your father ; that iB wicked, and wonld oniy bring evil on yon.' Through the ten years which had passed away since that sad time, the girl had always remembered her gentle mother's words, and her stern father had fonnd her obedience perfect. Even now, clinging to her lover end sobbing ss if her heart wonld break, she did not fail. 'I cannot go away with you,' she said ; ' if my father forbids, that wonld be doing wrong, and I cannot do wrong. We mast wait for better times.' 'The times never will bs better.' he cried. ' Listen, Jeanne. I know your father meaua to marry yon to Lord Cremlyn, and if we say good-bye now, it will be for ever — can you bear that ? Bnt the girl was firm in her resolution : 'I cannot disobey my father.' They did part; and it was, as he said, ' for ever.' Years passed away, and in their passing brought many changes. The General had his way and married Jeanne to Lord Cremlyn. Before she consented to be engaged she told her future hnsband all — how she conld ' never, never care for any one as she had cared for Captain Lennox.' 'Never mind that, Jeanne,' replied her new lover. ' I know all about it, and In time I feel sure I shall be able to make you happy.' Aod so he did. It is trne that Lady Cremlyn never cared for bim in the same way that she had cared for Captain Lennox, but she had a gentle disposition and not a very Btrong character. She was moreover trne to the core, and since 'Papa wished herto marry Lord Cremlyn,' she supposed she must love him. So she pnt away with a sigh the old romance, and tamed to her new duties as she was bidden, sod the General congratulated himself that he had so good a daughter. The separation did fur more harm to Captain Lsnnox than to Jeanne. He had a deep tenacious nature which could not love in that direction which was most convenient. For awhile he suffered terribly. Indeed, he never ceased to safer, for Jeanne was the one woman in the world to him. Bnt gradually the bright, open-hearted yonng soldier grew bitter and worldly- foe, and he determined that if he conld net have love, he would at any rate secure comfort. So he watched his opportunity, and at last it came to him in the shape of an orphan girl in IndiB, greit heiress, who was just about to retnro to England in her sorrow. She was easily won,and now Captain Lennox was as rich as the old General himBelf. He retired from the army, and settled down in an Indian home, where he grew richer and richer till he was able to live like a prince. Children were born to mm— he was called a happy and fortnnate man. His wife thought otber- wise; to her he never seemed quite content, and she conld not understand it—had lie not everything that heart could wigfi j Ah, she knew nothing of the heartache which day by day pursued mm, do what he wonld to chase it away ; she : little guessed the weary longing for a glimpse of one face which he never mast Bee again in thin world. Happiness ssBined to him far away, rest was not to oe nought, even with a princely fortune —could he then be called fortanate . Captain Lennox was a good man, and though the thonght of Jeanne was an ever present one to him, he had made jm effort to see her since she had become 0 wife of another. Even when be Jttmried, he chose India as his home, as j uWere loss likely to meet there; by- , v no doubt he wonld be able to ,an< or 'his he made brave, mithfnl struggle. But before this good 6ght ended . in tory (would he ever have won it on . ') a messenger came who conld not « refused, the Angel of Death. Snd- , J "t® 'fortanate ' ""»» was struck ty an epidemic; and quickly ®®Wme a victim to the fell disease. 'I'm Smngi dear,' he said to bis wife ; I've ®d to be a good hnsband to yon— tell 1 fTB yn been happy? ,, , a yi very happy," she sobbed ; ames» ? Voa bave Ibftt was not your fault,' he jPued. 'Once, before I knew yon, I ? " Tery great sorrow ; and I never oyer it, or perhaps I might th.! -j yon- Bat don't tret about w— if« all over now ! You've been j true, good wife to me — kiss me, and say ; good-bye.' ' j Not long after this, while Mrs. Lennox ; thonght her hnsband sleeping, she heard him cry 'Jeanne!' She fancied he wanted his yonnge8t child, who bad been called i by that name, and was his great pet She went to fetch her. When she returned with the child, her hnsband 1 lay with outstretched arms, and a happy smile on his face; bnt his spirit had , passed away. i After this Mrs. Lennox made her home in England. It was her husband's express wish that she should do. so, for, ' as he said, India was not the best place for girls, and he should like all his child- j ren to have an English education. . We need only to follow the history of hie eldest son — that of the others .was in no way remarkable. Meanwhile, in the beantifal home of Lord and Lady Creuilyn.alit tie daughter, called by the sweet name of Faith, was growing up to rejoice her mothei'e heart. All the elder children had been boys, and this one fair little girl was prised beyond measure by her parents. She was her mother's constant companion, and one day, taming over an old desk of hers, commenting in her pretty way over each treasure fonnd therein, she came across a faded picture of an officer in uniform. Something in tbe face attracted her attention, and she carried the miniature to Ladv Cremlvn. ' Who's thiB, darling mnmmie ? she asked. ' It Isn't a gentleman I've ever seen here !' The mother bent over her little daughter as she said : ' Ah, Faithie, my pet, that is an old friend of mine who is dead now !' ' Dead, mnmmie, iB he I Oh, I'm so sorry ! I like him, and I wanted to see him. May I have his picture ! Til take such care of it !' ' Yes, my darling,' replied the mother, ' you may have it, and yon may love him, too ; for once he loved mummie very much.' Little Faith kissed the picture, and carried it away to hang op in her room, and Lady Cremlyn pondered wonderingly over the child's fancy. II. It is night, and in a clearing in the midst of an Indian jangle, a white tent is pitched. Dark forms lie sleeping around it, horses are tethered, and fires are burning to keep off unpleasant nocturnal visitors. The stars are shining ont in the heavens above — it ia a most lovely night. Let ns take a glance in- Bide the tent. One man, an Englishman evidently, lies stretched there. He is faet asleep aud dreaming of home. Sud denly he stirs, looks np bewildered, and seems about to speak — again he is silent! Now he gets np, puts one hie outer garments, and comes qnletly out of the tent. He glances around on the sleepers, then hurriedly he walks away to the place where one of the horses is tethered. A whisper wakes it; then- ip perfect stillness he rides away. On, on, on, ail night he rides, till at last at 'dawn of day he reaches a British military en campment. Here he dismonnts, tethers his horse, and walks unceremoniously Into one of the tents. He knows that his friend, who sleeps there, will be astonished to see him, bnt he is not pre pared for the effect produced when, by a slight touch, he wakes him. Instead of the surprise and pleasure he expects to see on the face looking into his, abject terror is depicted there. The man shrinks back, his teeth chattering, his whole form qolvering with terror. ' Why, Reamer, old man,' cries the new-comer, 'what in the world's the matter f Are you ill, or do you take me for a ghost P For all reply, Beamer bursts into tears, seizes his hand, shakes it over and over again, and when at last he finds voice, says : 'Oh, Jimmy, my dear old fellow, yon don't know how glad I am to set eyes on you again! We all thought you were dead ! Did the brutes let yon go, then ? ' Let me go ! What on earth are yon talking about 1 Yon thought I was dead, did yon ? Wei), I have had a very carious experience, but I'm not dead — far from it !' ' So I see ! Well, just let me get np, aud we'll have some coffee and a smoke, and I'll tell you a pretty queer story. Prepare youraelf for a shock P The two friends were soon seated with their coffee and Its adjuncts, and while they were enjoying it ' Beamer ' told the following story. ' You know, Jimmy, the Colonel was not altogether easy abont your going np country with only three natives — it's one of his theories that they are not to he trusted. However, yon wonld have ' it so, and there was no more to be said. You started off on Monday. Well, on TaeBday, middle day, that wretch Abdallah was canght stealing again. We thonght we'd give him a pretty- good fright this time, eo we trotted him ont before the chief, and stood all ' round him, pretending we were going to shoot him. We did j net scare bim, and were on the point of leaving him, thinking we had punished him enough, when, to onr surprise; he fell down on his' knees before the Colonel and said that if only: we would spare his life, he conld tell something that might save yon from death. Of coarse the chief wns pll ears at once. - Well, the wretch tuld.tu thst he had heard those three brutes who had gone with yon plotting to murder and rob yon in the jangle, and then make off. In reply to the question why he had not at coca told this, he drew his hand across his throat; as much as to say they wonld have tilled him too if he had. Bntitismy belief he. meant to be In the swim himself— yon can never get to the bottom of these fellows. Or co arse we lost no time ; the chief and a lot of as started off at once on yonr track, for as yoin wars to be three clays on yonr journey, we 'hoped we might meet yon before It was - too late. But when we- got near -to yonr. first halting-place, we met eome'fettowe who had travelled by yonr ronte, only, the opposite way, and they told as a story of how they had come npon the body of an Engliijhman, .murdered evi dently, farther along the way ; so ol course wejgavA you up for lost We conld do' nothing for -you, -for- these fellows said theyhad: buried the body, and we came hack again, foe chief vow ing vengeance., on fob men who had murdered yocq -tand eayingfhe'd hant them oat All .over India, it need be. And now I should like to know whet brings yon here alive. Yon certainly were not meant to be in tbe flesh by this time 1 I'm all impatience to hear your story, Lennox !' Captain Lennox (for it was the eon of onr old friend) hesitated ; then seeing the other's surprise he said : 1 Well, Beamer, if you'll give me your solemn word of honour not to repeat what I say, 1'il tell you the story. Fm not snre if you will believe it ; I'm not even sure if I believe it myself ; bnt I'm certain foe other fellows wonld not Yon promise — then here goes 1 ' When I left on Monday I did not take foe route intended : those rascals pointed ont to me that the other was better, and I, not baring the least sus picion of them, gave in. I suppose the fact was that the other wasless frequented, and there was not mnch danger of onr meeting others. We went slowly and halted often, for it was awfully hot. I got on all right, the men were as civil as possible, and the third night I ley down in my tent feeling that I was half way through foe journey, and should soon be with my friends. I don't think I had been long asleep when something woke me, and to my astonishment there stood, bending over me, a beantifal girl, I thonght I was still dreaming, robbed my eyes, sat np, and fanned she wonld vanish, bnt no — there she stood with could not make ont. I was about to speak, and see whether my voice wonld dispel the lovely apparition, when she made a motion, as if to enjoin silence, and I conld not find my voice. Then she pointed to the door of tbe tent, and began to move ont. I fonnd my self following her. She glided to the spot where my horse lay tethered, and motioned me to saddle him. I did so. Her lips seemed to form the word ' mount,' £ obeyed. Then with a Iouk of satisfaction she moved away, beckoning me to follow. Through foe whole night she never stopped, and my horse seemed to have wings for we retraced in a few hours what had taken ns two days of onr journey to accomplish. I had no idea where I was going, no thought of where she might lead me, only I knew I must follow her. At last I recognised our tents, and knew that I had come back to yon. I looked for my guide — she was gone— vanished. I thought for a moment I had been dreaming all the time, bat there was year tent straight in front of me. I said to myself I wonld give yon a surprise, bnt I never meant to breathe to any living sonl why I had come beck. Beamer, my dear boy, what la the world is the meaning of it all ? Captain Drnry (otherwise Beamer) leaned forward eagerly as he said : ' Well, Lennox, there's not mnch rtsilgiuil aoodb "ltj 1 iii sit&iqj; duv&li; x can say is, yonr escape is nothing short of a miracle. The girl was an angel, of conrse, and was sent to save yon.' ' Bnt Why — why, should she save me like that ? I could understand it if I'd been very good, and all that, yon know, bnt Fve been such a wild chap.' ' Well, Lennox, Fm not the sort to preach a sermon, but I think yon onght to be different after this, I do indeed : yonr life mnst have been saved for something. Perhaps yonr mother is a good woman and prays for yon. I know mine does.' A few minutes after, the whole camp was astir with the hews that the dead man bad come to life again. Hand shaking and congratulations were the order of the day, and no one wonld have imagined that any serious thonght had ever been in tbe mind of foe gay young captain. Bnt one thought there, all the same. And now,' said the major, ' we shall see Beamer look like himself again ; his jolly old face has been as long as a fiddle sines we heard that Jimmy was to be pnt ont of the way. That's right, my boy, beam sway,' as a broad grin spread over the round rubicund face of Captain Droiy. . No one bnt the Colonel and Beamer ever heard the true story of Captain Lennox's deliverance. The others were told that he had had a myBterioue warning that his life was in danger, and that, taking advantage of the sleep of his would-be murderers, he had made goou ms escape. ILL It was a lovely morning in May, and at Cremlyn Castle foe household was early astir, for it was tbe twenty-first birthday of the youngest and best be loved inmate, the Lady Faith. There was no one, far or near, uninterested in tins event, for by rich and poor, old and yonng the girl was almost worshipped. No wonder 1 Her whole life was spent in doing things for others, herself entirely forgotten. Unobtrnsivelyshe wentahont her work — a flower here,a message there; a visit to one, aHnd work to another — little things these, bnt life is made op of littles, and ao many forget this feet altogether. While striving to make great sacrifices or to do great kindness upon which all the world may look and com ment, they fail in foe small acts of love which win hearts; and bring blessing on .tiiB door of them. Faith was great in email things. A verse ebe often quoted as describing a truly womanly character, might have been written of herself " She doeth little kindneaes Which most despise or leave undone : \- Por nought that sets the heart at- eaae, Or giveth happiness or peace, b light eateemU in her eyes." . From her power of intense sympathy, all this cams easy to Faith, and though her beauty won admiration, it was her loving heart which gained devotion. To-day there was to be a fete in her Rohour,' and the whole neighbourhood was bidden to It.- Near her place at the breakfast table lay a whole heap of presents ennnoonted by a most beantifal bonquet of lilies of the valley— her favourite flowers. Father, mother, brothers, and guests were all Assembled in the breakfast-room, writing lor foe household darling to appear. 'What makes foe child so late, I wonder ? said Earl Cremlyn to his wife ; ' she Is generally np with the lark.' . 'She salt np so late last- night dis coeriog to-day's arrangements that she < has overslept hereolf,' langhed Lord Dartow, foe eldest son. ' I will linriy her,' and off be wen t HOs soon retnmeel, consternation In every foatnre. . 'Matter, 'darling, I don't want to frtghbn ynn. fori I roet Frifos mrid, and she says she cannot waken her. Will yon go to her 1 There mnst be something wrong, Fm afraid.' Lady Cremlyn hurriedly left the room, followed by her husband. Her sons and friends hastly discussed whet conld be the matter. One suggested a sleeping draught. Bosh !' said Lord Darlow ; ' Faith never took such a thing in her life.' Another thonght it was perhaps an over-dose of medicine. 1 And ehe never wanted any medicine either,' he retorted. Meanwhile, Lady CremlyD, much alarmed, was bending over her daughter's bed. She called her by name, there was no movement. She raised her up, but the girl fell heavily back to her former posture. 'This is serious,' cried Lord Cremlyn ; 1 the doctor must at once be sent for. Take the carriage, and bring bim back with yon.' In less than a quarter of an honr the family physician was standing by the still uooonacinns girl- Her face was perfectly colourless, her bands rigid. Suddenly, before the doctor had time to nse any remedies, she opened her eyes. Is he safe ? she gasped. Safe 1 Who ? said Lord Cremlyn, in amazement ; bnt at a sign from the doctor he was silent. The kind physician took the girl's band, saying : ' Yes, quite safe, my child ; and see, now you must take this,' riving her a strong restorative. After- wards he sat by her side, administering nourishment from time to time until at laBt she fell into a quiet natural sleep. Then, leaving the mother with her child, he sought the anxious father. 'She will do now, I think; but you mnst watch her with thentmost care, and if she stirs, give ber nourishment. I will be here again within an hour.' ' Have you any idea as to the cause of this Bndden seizure? asked Lord Cremlyn. ' She has never had a day's illness in ber life before as yon know.' ' No ; it is wholly unaccanntable. She has all the appearance of having passed through a tremendous mental and physical strain. That, as far as we know, is impossible, bat she is of a highly nervous and sympathetic temperament, and it may be that she has dreamed something which has strangely affected her. We are hardly aware of how much may happen to as ia our sleep. She will need foe greatest care for months to coma' And so saying, the doctor left There was of course the greatest con sternation when the serious illness of Lady Faith became known. The birth day festivities were all postponed ; the guests sorrowfully left the Castle; and everywhere there was a gloom instead of the expected great joy. For days Faith lay quietly in her bed, sleeping, for the most part, and always very still. She felt no nain. she said when questioned, ehe was ' only tired.' There was now no cause for alarm, the doctor said, but her strength muet be kept up, and every one muet be very cheery with her. Slowly, slowly, ehe recovered in a measure, and was at lest able to Bit op in a chair in her room. One day she .said to her mother: 1 Mummie dear, it was strange, was it not, about my illness ? ' Yes, indeed, darling ; no one can throw foe slightest light on any cause for it You went to bed perfectly well, and then we found you in that awfnl state In the morning.' ' It was vary strange,' Faith repeated dreamily. 'You will think me very foolish, mother, when I tell yon I believe it was a dream or vision of some kind that made me ill. I remember I went ii sleep thinking that the eyes of my ' hero,' as yon call Captain Lennox's picture, were looking at me. Then it seemed to me I heard a voice crying, ' Save bim 1 ob, save him 1' and some one replied, ' He shall be saved.' After that I thought I went on a long journey to a foreign country. I saw trees that never grow in England or in any place abroad where we have ever been. Then in total darkness, I seemed to be running in a sort of wood where foe ground was very rough, and all foe time I heard a horse galloping behind me. I was, oh, eo fearfully tired, mnmmie; when I saw a most lovely sunrise; yellow and green and red ell mixed, and in foe distance were white tents on which the light fell, and nainted them all kinds nf cnlnnrs. Then I thonght I heard a voict, < elling me that my work was done, and I might go home again, and I don't remember any mora till I woke and saw yon looking at me so anxiously, dear old mnmmie.' ' My darling, it was all a dream, and you must try not to think of it any more, bnt make haste and get well' 'Yes, bnt, mother, yon know I did feel most awfully tired for daya,and yon told me the first thing I aud when I woke was, ' Is he safe ? It mems as if there was something real as well bs unreal abont it,' said the girl thought fully. Well, darling, I want yon to forget it all now. There is no donbt that the night before iron birthday yon were over-tired and excited, and that made yon weary. I think I shall have to take away yonr hero, who was once my hero, If be makes yon dream, Faithie. My darling daughter drove all thoughts of heroes ont of my head long,' and foe mother laid her face against her . child's soft cheek, and fondly kissed her. Faith returned thecaress,and pleaded, 'Oh, no. mother, please don't take Captain Lennox away, and I will promise yon never to dream any more.' IV. - A year had passed away -once Lady Faith's strange illness, and Lord aud Lady Oremlyn were in Guernsey with their daughter. She hod never quite recovered her nsnat 8pirit8,and the doctor had recommended a perfect change as tbe best cure. Plans had been discussed, many places abroad suggested for. foeir sojourn, bat as Faith said, she wanted something quite new. ' I have it, father,' cried Lord Donald one morning; ' why -don't yon go to Guernsey! I have hesrdglowing accounts of it from fellowa who have been there, and it will certainly be different from anything yon have seen before." So to Gaernsey foey went, end Faith soon felt she conld stay in the'littie sea girt iale for ever. . Did foe; hirer! see sUch- exquisite colouring in rocks and sea at any other placet Such fairy 8cenery, one wonld have foonght; existed, only in the land cf -dreams 1 3he old market, foe beantifal town foareh foe women wititfoeir quaint polite manners, ; mud to make np ilmraonlmu whole; which was infinitely resting. Faith quickly recovered from the nervous depression which had weighed on her, and became once more the bright lively girl of a year ago. Lord and lady Cremlyn drove all over the island, accompanied sometimes by their daughter ; bntmoreoften, with her maid ae a companion, Faith would wander over the cliffs and then down to one of foe numerous little bays which fringe the shore, there to read, or sketch, or just to feast her eyes on the lovely stretch of scenery before her. One day, returning from an excursion, she fonnd her mother qaite excited. ' Faith, darling,' she cried, ' we have had a most plesBant surprise. We met General Hutchinson this afternoon, and be introdnced na to the eon of a very old friend, no leas a friend than the Captain Lennox whose picture yon treaanre so mnch. I was almost startled at first by tbe likenesB to bis father — it was like seeing one risen from the dead. His regiment lias t-m. (mm India, and is stationed here. He is a most charming yonng man, and I bave asked him to call.' Lord Cremlyn smiled at bis wife's excitement. He was not in the least jealons of ber old love ; he knew her whole heart now belonged to bim. ft is quite a romantic episode, is it not ? he said. ' A fairy Prloce for the Fairv Tsland. ns von call it — eh. Faithie ? The bright colour came into Faith's cheeks. This was an interesting story indeed. She had thonght and dreamed so mnch of Captain Lennox the elder, and now, how delightful to see some oos who had really belonged to him. She wondered impatiently when he would come. She had not long to wait. A day or two afterwards, returning from her afternoon walk, she canght sight of a fadr- headed etranger, sitting in the bow- window of the hotel, talking to her mother. This then was the expected gnest. Faith took off her walking dress, and then with hesitation unwonted to her went dowD to the drawing-room. When ehe entered, Captain Lenoox's head was tamed away from the door, but at Ltdy. Cremlyn's words — ' my daughter,' he rose to greet the girl. What was the amazement of Lady Cremlyn and Faith when he started, drew back, tnrned pale, and almost fell again into his chair gasping for breatb. ' Faith dear, he is ill ; inn, and send some one at once,' said her mother, 'and do not come back yonrselL' Bnt in a few minutes, Captain Lennox, thongh still pale and trembling, had recovered himself enough to speak. ' Who is that young lady who has just been in here ! I do beseech yon to tell me, Lady Cremlyn.' iuni yuuug ittujr : sue toiujr uauguuer, bnt never mind aboat her now — drink this. I fear you mast have been feeling very ill ; yon should not have ventured out this hot afternoon.' 'Bnt,' said the Captiao, still only half himself: 'I saw her that night in India yon know ; she saved my life.' ' Saved yonr life in India ! why Faith has lived in England all her . life — she has never been ont of it except for an occasional visit on the Continent. What can yon mean ? ' Oh, Lady Cremlyn, do let me tell you alt about it.' And he poured into her astonished ears the whole stoty of his danger and marvellous escape. And it was yonr daughter in ber white dress, jnst as I have seen her this after noon, who came to warn me, aod led me out of danger.' ' Can yon remember the exact date when this happened ? asked Lady Cremlyn. ' I bave a particular reason for wishing to know.' ' Indeed I can : I am not likely to forget it.' - And, as she expected, he named tbe date of the night before Faith's birth day. ' This is foe most extraordinary story I ever heard,' said Lady Cremlyn, and it was now Captain Lennox's torn to be astonished as she told him the tale of Faith's sadden illness andstreagedream. They were still deep in conversation when Lord Cremlyn appeared, and to him the wonderful factB were repeated. He listened with the closest attention and deepest interest. At tbe end : — I ' AH I can say is, not a word of this to Faith at present ; she is only jnst recovering from the effects of that night's events, whether real or fancied, and I will not have them all brought back to her mind.' ' Bnt yon will not forbid me to see her, will yon ? asked Captain Lennox anxiously. ' Think how gretefiil I mnst feel to her.' Lord Cremlyn langhed and held ont his hand to foe yonng man. ' No, I will not be eo nnkind as aU that, I can trust yon to be perfectly eilent on the enbject.' There ia little to add to this story. It will easily be guessed that Faith and Captain Lennox soon became all In all to each other, and before many months had passed, were married, with the glad consent of Lord and Lady Cremlyn. It was well for Faith that the coarse of trne love ran smooth for her. Though of a gentle disposition, she was also very firm, and her affections once given, were given for ever. It weald have been im possible for her to transfer them, as her more yielding mother bed done. It was from her husband's lips that Faith first heard foe story of his awfnl peril, and how she had seemed to him like a guardian angel. Her astonish ment was great, and her voice had a touch of awe as foe asked : ' Do yon think, Dongias, that I really went over to India that night, or was it a dream only f Perhaps my white drees and fair . hair made yon imagine me one with yonr deliverer.' ' Of conrse, Faithie, these things are very mysterious and we Cannot be cer tain, hot I think' myself that in some way we cannot understand (through sleep or otherwise) yonr ' spirit was allowed to speak to mine that night. It was,. I believe, my father's voice which yon heard crying: 'Sake him? Yon had always loved Mm thongh yon : never saw him, and he became foe link between ne.l'_ .- . "Forawhile" Faifo'w&B; tilent — then she raised her head and said, Suppose we hadnevercome to Guernsey, Douglas, — soppose yon had never fonnd me? <.Ah,tny:darling,'iie anawere, 'sooner orlator lvout? -have foand ybn, for I believe that Jn spirit "we were always one,Midforil!be<ons:foievat.> 