'SUNLIGHT AND SHADOW.' A STORY OF THE AUSTRALIAN BUSH. [BY ' PARSONS PERRY.'] CHAPTER II. [Continued.] 'Introduced ! Oh, yes Do you know' Claude brought him into the kitchen this morning while I was in the midst of my baking. I got in a dreadful rage, for I was hot and as untidy as I well could be, and I had flour on my face, and a smut too. I don't think I will ever forget it, or like him, he looked so— so— I can't well describe how he looked, but I can see his expression as well now as then.' Flo laughed merrily. ' Oh Doe ! Poor Doe ! I thought he came home looking rather scared, but perhaps it was the walking made him white. I asked him if he had seen a ghost, and he smiled feebly and answered 'No,' he had been with the boys hunting and was dead-beat ; and then before he had had time for five minutes' rest they dragged him off again. He must not be allowed to do it, for he is so good, natured. 'Why,' I say with open contempt, ' are you afraid of him spoiling his complexion?' 'Now, Doe,' Flo; entreats; 'don't be nasty. You know it isn't that. He has been in Africa lion-hunting, I think ; anyhow, he got badly wounded, and his life was despaired of. When he got better he was sent home ; that was more than a year ago, and he has never recovered his strength so the doctors recommended a sea voyage and change of scene. He had often had a desire to see Australia, but somehow had never done so, and when the proposal was made to him he jumped at it, and here he is. He is such a nice fellow.' ' But who is he ?' 'He is Mark Pendennis, of course, and mama's cousin. 'Then be is staying with you, is he ?' 'Yes, and he feels better already. He is a little shy with women, you know, not having been much used to them.' ' I see. He did not say much this morning; but perhaps he was too startled, and hadn't really time.' ' No'— looking at me and laughing wickedly — ' I really believe he hadn't. 'I say!' a voice cries in my ear from behind. ' Well, now, Carew, what is it ?' I ask. ' What is the whole duty of woman ?' ' I'm sure. I can't say from a man's point of view,' I retort. 'Oh !— well' I'll tell you—to love, honor, and obey, the man. Do you understand, Doe. Now, I want you to do the latter, Doe. Now, I want you to do the latter— obey me.' ' But you are not a man yet,' I object, tormentingly. 'Now look here, Dona Knightly, if you insult me again— this is the second time to- day—I'll— I'll kiss you— yes, I will— right before them all.' ' My dear boy, as if that would trouble me ! What do you want me to obey you in ?' Why, we want you to spend Christmas with us— the whole lot of you— I command you to come, mind you obey.' ' Yes, yes, you must, Doe,' chimes in Flo. Then, turning to Carew, says, ' Why did you say anything about it, you bad boy ? I wanted to tell her myself, and persuade her to come.' 'Boo, hoo, hoo!' cries Carew, making a wry face, and walks away. He turns back before he is half way across the room. ' I call that good,' he says. As if I wasn't the first to propose it, and hadn't a right to mention it?' ' You did not then,' retorts Flo ; ' we girls were talking over it long before.' ' Oh, well, have your own way'— loftily. Then turns to me, and twining his arm in mine, bends his boyish face to mine. 'You will come, little Doe, won't you ?' he says, coaxingly, and no one could resist Carew when he starts to coax. 'Yes, I will come,' I say. 'And you won't call me 'Carrie' all the time you are there, will you?' 'I will try not— if you don't make me' 'And you will come back with us after church, and go to the sports with us on Boxing Day?' 'Oh, I can't promise that much, I will be wanted at home,' I answer, laughing. 'You old mother! you think the home, can't do without you for a few hours. You'll have to bring Archie and make a stay of it, do you hear !' ' I hear. But don't you think your mother will think we are coming to take possession?' They both laugh derisively, for it is well known that Mrs. Lynd is never happier than when her house is filled with young people. ' Now, Carew, do go away, and let me have Doe fo myself for awhile,' Flo remarks plain- tively ; but just then nurse announces tea, and we take our places at the long, well-spread tea-table. After we assemble in the drawing room, where we have singing and much mer riment; then we walk some of the way back with them, and the full moon throws its light over vale and hill, and glorifies the place. The tender moonlight sabdues my spirits and I walk a little apart from the others, taking in the full beauty of the scene. Presently an arm slips within mine and I looked round to find Flo beside me. ' The moonlight is entrancing isn't it ?' she says. ' Yes,' I answer, ' I could walk on in this all night and not feel weary.' ' Mother is coming over to see you soon, and ask you about coming over Christmas.' She intends asking Mr. Knightly to take Christmas dinner with us, so you will not be worried about anything. We thought if we asked you first we could pave the way to an acceptance by persuasion. ' What are you two talking about?' Carew cries, coming from the shadow of the trees. 'You are a poke, Carew,' Flo cries half crossly. Carew laughs and walks on beside me, and I look at him steadily in the moon light turning over something in my mind ; at last I say, 'You want me to come over Christmas, don't you ?' ' Of course,' he say's, surprised. 'But I think it was you who called me, 'a person' this afternoon, wasn't it ? Unless you beg my pardon most humbly do you think I will go? ' 'Most humbly will I— on my knees if you command me. Behold !'— he flops down on his knees, and raises his clasped hands. To be continued. 