" HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION P" Now, which it the worse—to have no appe tite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ! There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too muoh food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the oommoo sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, beoause, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, Btands in need of "alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently reoeived a communication in whioh the writer says:—"I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did bis nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why ? Let him dear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at onoe, BS to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furrod, with a dark line down the middle and yellow for round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and ahoulders, whioh were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and aot as it it would ohoke me." We cannot wonder that under these oiroumstanoes our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there waa what be oalls " a pricking sensation" at hit heart, as though it were touched with some •harp instrument. Then, again, at times ha waa attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," ha aays, "the thought of eating, and mam a scanty meal hove I made, for I tea* afraid to tat. " After a time I got into a low, waak, nervous condition, and (alt miserable, as If something was going to happen, and this oaased me to lost a good deaf of sleep." What he mean* by the tear of " samething going to happen" is, of oonne, the fear of some calamity, suoh as the Ion of hii position, his own death, or the death of aomabody daw to him. This was due, as be intimatee, to the impoverished state of bis Wood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, tad to the brain enfeebled by laokof nourish- BML The night of thfa arm of ill nee h always toll of ghosts and geMias, the creatures of a rccdcH and ungoverned k^ffUh great difficulty," be nays, •• I *to«k to my work, for I had a wife and busily fcpeating on me. So I atmggM en, tat what X coffared tor over two yean t* past mj powers of deaoription. I mmnmmtmt luu nffertd to mmek siftawtoi." In the latter statiBMOt ho is cntooMcdly wrong. One's own pain is oat's own, and is dwayi bftrfcr to bear than b mA o*k» of his neighbour's pain. There is a oountlesfl multitude who are all the while going through the same wretohed experience, only we don't happen to oome in touoh with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that, after all medioal treatment had left him where it found him, he chanoed to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Byrup. " My wife," he says " got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned sinoe that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) OBOBQE HUNT, " Oar Bottom-road, "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt'B desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason.—[ADVT.] 