Stageiaad Studies (Chiefly Australian). By Garnet "Walch. No. 9. A Sublime Tragedy. Wht Written. — My Amateur Friends.—Old English Fairs. — A Lordly Commission.-— Introduction.—The Tragedy Itself.—Stage Directions.—Final Hints. I am frequently requested by friends of mine who are connected with various metropolitan and provin cial dramatic societies, and by others who have not yet joined any such club, but are fond of a little Thespian relaxation in their own homes, to " run us off a little piece, you know." Hence, I have decided to publish, per favour of Table Talk, a tiny tragedy, prompted by my own recollections of plays which I have seen performed on the stages of Richardsonian theatres in some of the English fairs a generation or so ago. Camberwell Fair, Chalk Farm Fair, Green wich Fair, Fairlop Fair, and two or three similar, but purely country, gatherings furnish the reminis cences upon which I base my tragedy. "Were it possible, I should dearly like to accompany the letter press with half-a-dozen illustrations of my charac ters after the style of those world-famed pictures, "a penny plain and two-pence coloured," which used to be published by kind Mr. Skelt, and helped to while away many a rainy hour in my holidays of yore. Here and there I may give the romantic episodes and passionate speeches of this magnificent piece a slight Australian tinge, but that is merely owing to a letter lately received from no less a person than Mi\ I g, of the L m Theatre, London, a dear old pal of mine who, finding B-—c—k—t a " gee," as he quaintly expresses it, has commissioned me, sub rosa, of course—but then I lost my roses long since—to procure him a poetical drama, which he will produce as springing from the massive intellect of an Aus tralian aboriginal. As he puts it, there is quite a run on Australian productions in London just now. " Australian mutton, Australian bank and building society deposit receipts, Australian apples, Australian Government debentures, Australian butter; why not an Australian blank-verse drama ? " says he 5 and this present example of what an old school-mate can do, may, perhaps, induce him to give a definite order, either for it or a companion play in a more extended form. And now, if you please, we will commence our tragedy, merely prefaoing it with the remark that it may be performed as here given, by 'amateurs only, without fee, and also without the prologue (which necessitates the painting of an extra .scene) if so desired. old Baron "V B st'y^Ban£it)J^1"''/ Mr. Blobster (proprietor—-of^TRobster's Royal Theatre). Baron Bolbo (of Silcwurmstein). Serioulta (his one fair daughter). i Coooonetta ") her tiring women, who, howevexy will Kattafilla j not be allowed to tire the audience. Count db Casino (Sei'iculta's lover, afterwai'ds his own ghost). Soragosoo the Cruel (a man of blood} Casino's rival, and chief of the bandits), Sfalbeeno (a sorry knave—sorry after he has " done it.") Roberto (a servant). The Spirit.of the Murdered Ancestress (over proof). •' ; The Prompter: (a very useful individual). . Prologue. Exterior of a booth, on the front of whioh is painted in large letters, "Blobster's Royal Theatre, patronized byalltlie Crowned Heads of Australia." Large coloured posters pasted all over the canvas walls, especially one of "Bolbo the Brave, a Sublime Tragedy." * Spooially written for Tahle Talk,—All rights reserved, SUull cv 1 vUUv uiUiX« j' Oliiij'j XXlj' > UoHv < f VJTlVo the penny, and (j^rtiduchiig'Hmniehse pocket put you on the fMe enlist, along with Gent (Mr. Blobster discovered manipulating large drum.) Blobster.—Roll up ! Roll up! Be in time for the seventh performance this day ! Here you have the largest and most talented company of tragedians and comedians ever presented to the Australian public—including Signor Gaspeepo, Signor Swanky dillo, from the Scaly Theatre, My-lan; also' Signora Tentoso, and Signora Outatelbo, from everywhere! Here you have Miss de Vavasour Prettypoppet, who can stand on one leg on the tight rope, and snuff the chandelier with the other ! Here you have Master Jonesi Koffski, the celebrated Boneless Boy of the Bosphorus, who can tie himself in a true- lovers* knot round his own neck! Here you have Mustapha Gulpity Tayta Khan, who swallows paving stones for breakfast, and dines off flat irons and; red- hot pokers! Here yon have the Great Australian Giant, the wonder of the Ea?t, who sleeps in the bed of the ocean, covered with a sheet of water, and lays his head on' the briny billows ! Roll up! Roll up!— performances every half- hour Just about to begin the Sublime Tragedy of Bolbo the Brave, or the Bold Baron and the Bloodthirsty Bandit! Roll up! Roll up! Admission, tuppence; Stalls , and Dress Circle, thrupppence. (Looking ..offRij /;;Yes,.that's the way Sir j up those steps and in you go, Jones i Mind you don't slip, Marm—that last'board there's a little loose. Roll up ! Roll up ! BC in time t: Child's Voice, R.—Please, Sir, may I go in for a penny? • .. . Blobsek.—No, my'little pet J Sorry we can't afford such a reduction. / Stay, my, dear !, Give that man book) I'll Gentlemen of the Press, Members .'of Parliament, Billstickers, Clergymen of the Parish, and Landlords we owe money to—pass her in John ! Roll up! Roll up! Be in time! Be in time!—that's the way, Sir!—John, you can let those eight young gents in for a bob ! Mind you applaud everything gentlemen, as a-return for the favour ! Now then ! Roll up ! Roll up ! just agoing to begin (mtisic of overture heard). Voice R.—Shall we begin, father? There's a goodish lot in! Blobster.—Yes, my boy, you may ring up. Voice,—All right, father ! (Bell heard,) Blobster.—There goes the curtain—I must dress for my part, (Emit R., carrying drum, and crying, "Roll up! Roll up !") ' Scene I. Darksome .Wood near the Castle op Silowurk ■ ' STEIN. .Music. Enter Scragosco the Cruel. Scrag,—'Tib even here. On yonder wooded height^ Behold the oastle where resides the maid, Pair Serioultaj she whose matchless charms Have r-r-riveted my soul in bonds of steel. .But ah ! she so-c-corns my sooi, and favours him ' Who comes to-day—must pass this self-same spot j And here I'll meet him, fell him 15 the yearth, And wallow in his gore—be-lud—be-lud! Then, well disguised, I'll seek the lady's bow'r And win her by the scheme I have conceived. Enough, enough! for more would be too much, (Galls off L.) What ho! Spalpeeuo! (EnterSpalpeeno L.) Spalpeeno.— Here, my noble lord ! Scrag, (pointing off R.) --Dost see yon trav'ller P Spal.—: 1 Ay! my lord—I dost. Scrag.—Is thy sword sharp P ; 'Spal,—It is as razorkeen, (Draws sword, evidently very blunt,) ! Scrag.—Let it meet mine in ' yonder stripling's heart— Or else his liver.—Soft ! withdraw awhile. • (They hide L.) (Music, Entor Count de Casino It,) CAsiNO.'—;How je-oyous. is, the day, , The heavens lcoy-ind ' Shine azure ble-ue—(birds iiearcl)—the happy leetle byirds 1 , Do carol in the boughs—(coioioics)—the lowing kyine Make most melodious musio—(ass trays)—playful steeds . • Call to eaoh other—(dog barks)—and the1 household dorg Signals his love—(cat mews)—who answers baok again. The Sun shines in the Yeast—the wind blows soft; All things are gay—then why not I as well P And yot within my breast thore lurks a dread, A foul presentiment of pending ill—— Hence, dull delay ! I'll on to sook ray love 1 (Going, is confronted by Scrayosco.) Scrag.—Stay ! Casino.— How ! a stranger ! Scrag. Thou art none to me! X know thee, Count ; I know that baby face. ■ /Casino.—Why.^this rude speech ? , I pry thee let me pass, Or I will teach thee manners with my sword. Scrag. Thy sword! Aha! I've one as well as thou—s I am S-S-Scragosco ! /. f' Casino. ^ What! Scragosco! Scrag.—■ ■■■' •. ■■ Aye ! ' The dreaded bandit of the mountain side'. .1 love fair Sericulta—ha ! thou start9t !— But not before I'm ready. Tell me this, Wilt thou resign the maiden to my narms ? If so (displaying palpably light purse) this purse is thine. ' It doth contain Ten thousand golden ducats. Casino. Hand them here. (Takes purse, then, find ing it so light, fiings it at Scragosco and draws sword.) Thus, base Scragosco, do T answer thee ! Scrag. (drawing)—At that game two can play. Have at thee, sir! (Music. They .fight. Casino is gaining,'when Scrag osco whistles. ' Enter Spalpeeno. He joins in the fray. After a desperate combat of three, Casino falls, mortally wounded.) As Spajgmpfa ^^udicqclaims— Betrayed ! Ye up'SlT""'Corne'bh^i^iv^two to one! (After he « pialijssiAio. The two . bandits stand \v^ffiQm,*WlpW$iM)m,dSj) '' j Casino Io41d*Writ thou, thou cruel beast>»4^2j: Shalt never gain my Sericulta's hand. (Dies.) Scrag.—So far, so good—let's bear the corse from hence. But stay—there may be papers—(searches Casino's pockets} finds watch, etc., as arranged) —better still, .A watch of value, and some trinkets too 5 My toil is well repaid. Now to our task. (Exeunt, carrying body—pause—they re-enter.) Scrag, (aside).—'Twere best to have no witness to the deed— This slave must die. (Turns .quickly upon Spalpeeno, who is standing at least a yard off, wiping his brow.) (Aloud) Ha ! Sirrah ! wouldst thou steal! Spab. (much surprisedj—What,,11 my lord? Scrag.— - Yes! thou 1 thou cringing hound. I swear I felt thy finger in my poke 1 Spar.—Nay, nay, I vow 1 I was,not even nigh. Scrag.—Dost beard me 1 Call me "liar"'to my teeth! ^ Insolvent wretch. (Prompter heard L, to say " not insolvent"—" inso lent." Scragosco evidently notices what prompter says and fries back). Insolent wretch ! take that I and that 1! and that 111 (Stabs him thrice, he dies.) Thus perish all, who cross my crimsoned path. Hemorse avaunt 1 Scragosco swims in gore ! (Musie. Exit Seragosco, dragging body of Spalpeeno after him, by one leg, his other arm making an action as ■if swimming. ; The music now changes.) '■■ Scene II. Chamber in the Baron's Castbe. (Table witl^fiagon and goblet} chair L, screen R. Enter Sericulta very dejectedly 5 she is accompanied^ by her maids Ooooonotta and JCattapilla, who are puttxng ■certain finishing touches to her toilette.) Seri, Leave us! We. fain would be alone awhile. (Exeunt maids,) The weary day is almost at an end ... .And still he comes not. Why this sad delay P Ha! there's a' footstep I Cease, oh ! beating heart. , j Down little flutterer, down. ( It is not he \ f ) !, ! 'Tis but my father. ,, ■< ,Va,w (Enter Bobbo the Bobd.) Bob.— f How now sweetest che-ild. Why loiter here. Thy supper waits within); ,3 Seri.—Father, I cannot eat. . • bob. Why so, my ohuok. Hast ta'en the lockjaw—or—a shrewder guess, Bamfordo's latest set has gone awry. Seri.—Nay, do not jestj my appetite is lost Through moutal, not mechanical distress, .•••.? / r Bamfordo's not to blame—his springs work woll. ^ Bht other springs—of woe—0 erflow^y hio^t. } Bob.—My che-ild I hnve it now. The Count s the cause H£.-SOt hiS ' Do mot think; that For that woro slander. Never Drew broatli of life or falchion from its sheath. Say rathor ovil lias befallen him. Metliought this morn I hoard a v0*c0n*i,®wodH •Cry "Murder" through the stillness of the woods. Bol. Pshaw ! 'twas but fancy. (Thunder—Ghost appears and groans.) Ha ! what for-r-m is this. wuS ^ie. shape of one that doth appear When direful tidings ai'e to be divulged. Thine ancestress—thy murdered ancestress. Sert.—.It speaks to us. Ghost.— : woe, woe, and three times woe, And one more woe to make the lines complete. Thy lover hath been slain. Seri.— Slain ! oh, my heart. (Sivoons in her father's arms.) Box..—Slain! by whose hand? ^h°st— By one who'll soon be here With lies upon his lips to cozen thee. By name Scragosco. Bol.—He! the bandit chief ! .Ghost,—Aye! Even so, but by another name He'll seek thy favour. Bon.— Quick ! that name I pray That I may mark the murderer through the veil And deal him justice such as murderers need. Ghost.—The Earl of Collingwood—beware of him For he's Scragosco. Thou shalt know him best By an old scar upon his dexter hand Burned by hot sealing wax in early youth. (Chord. Ghost disappears.) Bol.—I'll not forget, not I. How now my che-ild ? Seri. (recovering)—Is it a dream—a hideous night mare scare ? Bol.—Alas! I fear not. Seri.—^ No! No! No! 'Tistrue! My heart is bursting, and my brain's afire. Bol.—Be calm, sweet girl. Seri,— Calm! and my lover dead. Oh Heaven bear witness. I'll nor sleep nor eat Nor taste one droplet of the squozed grape, Until he is avenged—and that by me. (Exit hurriedly.) Bol.—Her mind gives way. I'll tell her mother this And bid her watch our daughter. (Going, meet's .Roberto.) Bol.— Well! What now ? Rob. (announces) —-The Earl of Collingwood. (Exit.) Bol.— Aha 5 So soon, (Enter Scragosco, richly dressed and disguised.) Scrag.—Your pardon, noble Sir, if I intrude, But I have news of import most profound. ' Bol.—Be brief 5 say on. Scrag,— Then briefly, thus it stands. This morning, strolling in yon wooded copse, I heard an oise, an oise of men at strife, And, bursting through the bushes, found a youth Beset by robbers. I at once drew steel And took his side. 1 killed some dozen men And put the rest to flight. Too late, alas ! The youth had mortal wounds—his life ebbed fast, And, calling to me, thus and thus he spake. "My name's Casino — (Bolbo affects to start)— bear this packet pray " To her who lives in yonder castle high, " Sweet Sericulta; tell her how I fell ".Fighting 'gainst fearful odds, and tell her, too, " How you befriended me. Tell her all this, " And, if she choose to wed you in my place, "I've no objection"—and, with that, he died. Bol. (aside)—Forewarned—forearmed. (To Scragosco).—Thrice gallant Sir, thy nand. (Scragosco extends his hand; it has on a heavy glove.) Prompter (off L)—Take off that glove, you fool J Scrag, (aside)—By Jove, of course. (Removes glove. Chord.) Bol. (aside)—It bears the scar. Good Ghost ! (To Scragosco) I pray you sit. I'll bring my daughter. (Aside, going)—Arid concealed will watch While she, to keep her vow, shall deal thee death. (Exit.) Scrag, (seating himself) .—•'Sow, by my haliclame, the plot works,well. The cauldron1 bubbles and the hell-broth seethes, The lover slain ! The father hoodwinked quite ; The daughter falls into my longin' nanus. -(Thunder, Ghost of Casino appears,) Ghost.—Thou fool! Scrag, (drawing sword, and not seeing Ghost at first) :—Who speaks ? Ghost.—'Tis I! thy victim slain. Scrag.—Oh! horrible !—most horrible ! Casino s ghost! '.,.- -. , , , • Ghost.—Dost think thy cursed schemes shall bud' 1 , and bear,P f } ..."" If soi their crop shall be like Dead Sea fruit, Fair but outside—within foul ashes all. Scrag,—Hence, hideous spirit!- Phantom of my brain! Tl&Mb; 1 eicbroUi Biee I , ; ... (Tries to pierce G1J Ghost.— Ha! Thy steel, all powerful to harm this JSfow lacks the virtue of a child's toy I tell thee thafywithin-laosi brietf'est si r , Thoult join j mef yore .(points downp^ > F^axcell Prepare to'die ] • ; 1 * ' " ' irrored by—any. 'Scrag.—'-Twos' but a fancy, mir thoughts j A stoup of wine will cleanse that mirror's face. v--n : .v - ' <: • -i- ' . (Goes to table—drinks.) Here oomes the bird—the twig is ready limed. (Enter Box,no, loading Sericulta. Ho whispers to her as they anter j she signifies that she understands. She is apparently weeping, and holds handkerchief to her eyes,) Bol.—The Earl of Collingwood—my daughter, Earl. I've told your tale, brave sir, and leave you now To plead the cause you say you have at heart. (Apparently exits, but conceals himself behind screen.) Scrag.—Sweet lady, though at such a time it seems But ill-bred wantonness to speak of love, Yet still Casino's dying words were such - i: As should not be concealed from those fay rears. Seri.—Proceed—I hear. Scrag.— In brief, he bade me say That if you chose to wed me in his place He'd no objection. More I dare not add While grief is fresh. But ere I go I crave Your sentence on the hopes that scorch me yere. (Strikes breast.) Seri.—Then take it thus—(slats him)—straight to that heart of thine—(he dies)— Which now may scorch, where scorching is in vogue. Casino! thou'rt avenged! I join thee, love! (Stabs herself—•dies.') Bol. (rushing to her body).—What hast thou done? I did not dream of this When I made thee his executioner, And lent the fatal blade. Bead—dead—alas Then I will follow thee. Sad world, farewell! (Stabs himself with another dagger—dies.) (Enter Eobebto R., Cocoonetta L. Roberto goes to Bolbo's body, Cocoonetta to Sericulta's.) Roberto and Cocoonetta simultaneously,— He ( My lord, my lord ^ What's this—all dead, all She (. O, lady mine ) three. And here's a dagger in my {Stress' } hand Oh, my dear £ s } I'll not stay behind 5 But, faithful to the last, I'll seek thy side. (They stab themselves and die simultaneously.) (Music. Ghost of Casino re- appears.) Ghost.—Casino's well avenged—five lives for one. (Disappears.) (Noise of applause and God Save the Queen played softly ; slight pause. Bol. (Lifting his head)—The curtain's down. (They all rise. One takes off wig, anot?ter mous taches, $'c.) Scrag.— A decent house this round. Bol.—Say thirty bob. Scrag.— I'll bet it capped two pound. Bol.—Done for a quart. (Enter Casino.) Scrag, (to Casino)—How much my festive Binks ? Cas. (reading from slip of paper) -One, fourteen, nine. Scrag.— I've lost. Let's have the drinks! (They are all about to leave the stage as the real curtain falls. Roll Up! Roll Up !! heard at side.) h 1 NIB. Notes.—Where the prologue is omitted it might be as well to bring down the curtain when the Ghost of Casino disappears for the second time, but this is entirely at the option of my amateur friends. The hints ojiven iu one or two places as to the interference of the prompter may be elaborated by his head, covered by an ordinary and very battered belltopper, being obtruded on to the scene from the left side, and a few more words may be uttered m mistake by the performers — " fire-iron" for " falchion " and so on, but care must be taken not to make this business tedious by too frequent repeti tion. One of the ghosts can come on too soon and be dragged off the stage by the tail of its shroud being pulled by the prompter 5 and where Soragosco re moves his glove iu order that Bolbo may see the sear, on which the former's identity rests, it might prove a trifle funnier if the glove were to be allowed to remain on his hand until after Bolbo has spoken his line of recognition. A few stage directions might also be interjected by the prompter, such a3 " come down lower!" " cross over!" " that's cut out," etc., and the oharao ters may repeat these exclamations now and again as if they were portions of the dialogue, until, seeing their mistake, they proceed to obey the prompter's injunctions. Many other little points, I am sure, would occur to me were I ever to rehearse this, by far the finest piece I have ever written, but I must not try the patience of the editor too far. Half-a dozen final hints and I shall leave my tragedy to its fate, All entrances, exits, and special points to have appropriate music of extreme type. Thunder, lightning, wind, rain, and even snow, may be introduced where convenient, In tlie prologue the drum obbligato should be kept up, though not too. loudly, throughout j and the effect of this soeue would be heightened; if two or three "supers" were introduced,extravagantly dressed, as was the custom at the fairs I have referred to. Each performer might cultivate some little ..peculiarity, not quite consistent with high' art, suoh [ A&the; dropping of H's, a recurrent sniff, eto„ eto. ^fcA^fow up-to-date local hits, not too;:qialpably dh/Stod in, would gain applause, and if; politioal .portrait! or two in the matter of make-up would •hssqrgdly prove telling. . / .' V 'j; ...Whare the piece is advertised, the posters eto. /nflghobear the letters B.B.B.B.B.BM 1 prominently ■ disftlayed. ^ ® But enough. Ladies and gentlemen, I ' leave my tragedy in your hands in the full assurauoe that you, will exercise the wealth of histrionic talent, wliioh so^ distinguishes you, one and nil, in rendering the fullest justice to this superb, this unique, this un approachable effort of genius.—G. W. [Next week's instalment will be "The Art osv Makb-bkliev*."] I", 