Was it a Ghost they saw? MHS. H. H. JENNINGS live6 at No. 211 Mainstreet, Bridgeport, and MiBS Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December, ' 1891, the two women locked all tbe doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gaB burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and enieied the home laughing - and talking. But as ihey went into the parlour the merry humour di>d out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the roam stood a dark. man of gigantic stature. Tbe upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through tbe eyeholes in it. His shirtsleeveB were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fl^dscreaming from tbe room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later, be found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely looked. What waB it the women saw P " During a reccnt period of ill health," writes an American frienl, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights, about two o'clock, I was seddenly aroused from a doze by what teemed' like the calling of my name; ai d at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she.was leaving borne to go on a journey, on wbicb journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted I was fool-- ish . enough to tell of it, ana the local old women gossips said it was a summons^ and I would, never get well. Y«t I did, and am in perfect', health now. I believe that vision came of my. weak nervt-s, for I've never seen it since, and: it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there'fc no end to the tricks tbe nerves will play off on vou when your system is out of oondition. In n March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdewn, Hants, wrote-as follows :—"2 wat so dreadfully nervous I could hot bear anyone iu the roum with me, yet I did. not wish them far away in cage I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gonetobed. There was of ten a severe pain in my head and over m> eyes, and 1 was sick mOBt of the time. My skin was. dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helplesB in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing bnt liquid food, and could not retain even that on tty stomach. By tbia time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached BO dreadfully I thought 1 should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I badfciven up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what 1 was taking She told me she was herself only just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seieel's Curative 8y rnp. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medioine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk aoroBS the room, and by the end of thu week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." „ , . The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original oauBe was grief and shook at the violent death of her husband, by aocident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup ,had given new vigour to the digestion, and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeportghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean.nothingmoreiuir less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia, Ghosts come from the insiai ot-thb person who sees them. and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does it work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesoBM. 