A Queenslander's Travel-Notes. 15y A. 0. Stkpiikns. XXII.— A LOOK. AT LONDON. 1'nris is rightly praised; and yet it is a pleasure to return to London. There is a sanity, a. strength about the English charac ter which one ? misses across the chainel. Superficially, the advantage is nil with the French. In Paris you meet polished cour tesy; in London only rough civility. Paris is refined, London is vulgar ; Paris is bright, London dull; Paris is natural and elegant, 'London pompous and hypocritical. Yet mere -seems :o ne more uepm in me ijon (loner than in the Parisian ; lie is not so far developed, but he has greater capacity for development. I like his sturdy maleness, though it issues in brutality and crime ; the Frenchman is female rather, and te.uls to vice. This contrast, of cour.:c, must be made with numerous and necessary reservations. I do think that the opposition, between crime and vice typifies to some extent the opposition between English and French. Yet the vice of England is nonetheless appalling.' In London alo:ie there are said to be 60,000 women who professionally parade the streets. The English -? law, deliberately ignoring facts and refusing to regulate an evil which it cannot prevent, makes this parade compulsory. In Paris, vice is not encouraged tb flau;it in the highways. In London, from dusk to midnight, there are thoroughfares where you arc accosted every few yards ; where the restaurants and public-houses close at half-pist twelve, the Piccadilly pive-.ne.it i- so thronged with women as to be almost im passable. This spectacle is London's peculiar boast. The lounges of the music halls are notorious places of assignation. These halls, though comparatively recent institutions, are rapidly superseding the oldfashioned theatres. As 1 write, there are only two variety plays running in London ; the rest are; all variety entertainments, or farcical comedies, or musical and spectacular pieces. The bulk of Londoner* have neither the wish nor the capacity to enjoy a good play. They want amusement which exacts no in tellectual effort, a:ul the music-hall gives it to them. Paris sets a far higher theatrical standard. Frederic, Harrison was complain ing the other day that the educational func tion of the drama was almost at an end, so .far as thoughtful men were concerned. The plays produced rarely attracted intelligent people. Doubtless Mr. Harrison is right. Henry Irving, who, in spite of mannerisms, is undeniably a fine actor, makes the Lyceum an exception to this criticism. JJuerbohm Tree is doing his best to best to make the Haymarket another exception. In 'The Tempter,' a remarkable and greatly daring play by Henry Jones, there is food for thought as well as high dramatic interest. ' The Tempter' is none other thai the old original Father of Evil, and the play is a satirical psychological study of human nature under temptation, hitting slyly at the crude con ceptions of popular theology. The ending is weak, but until the end attention never Hags. The close of Act 2 is especially striking. A young man and a young woman are mutually attracted She retires to rest. Her maid, also attracted in a humbler sphere, steals out to a midnight appoint ment, a:id leaves the key of her mistress's chamber with the Tempter, who for the nonce is disguised as a wandering minstrel. In comes the young man. The Tempter plays with the key. ''What key is that?' .'It is the key of her room.' 'Give it to me!' 'No.' Evasion stimulates eagerness. The Tempter pretends to fall asleep. The key drops from his fingers. The lover watches, listens, seizes it, and exit. The Tempter, coming forward and rising to his full Satanic height: 'And then they blame me !' Curtain. 'The Tempter' rivals 'The Second Mrs. Taii(|ueray' for the distinction of being the most notable play London has seen for many seasons. No other current for a long time past can he mentioned in the same breath with them. ' Utopia Limited,' Gilbert and Sullivan's new comic opera, is fairly sung and splendidly mounted at the Savoy', but both music and libretto are poor in comparison with the authors' previous efforts. The satire 011 English institution, had Mr. Gilbert dared, could have been made really effective ; but of cmir.se it would not pay to dare. Covcnt Garden Opera is as well produced as the Grand Opera at Paris ; but lavish expendi ture cannot buy the Paris audience. That marble staircase, decorated with a crowd of the most elegant men and women in the world, is a unique accessory. Perhaps ; the deficiencies of stage drama have aided the rise and progress of dramatic religion, of which Dr. Parker, ' at the City Temple, is the chief London exponent, lie fore going to hear this gentleman I had heard a great deal about him. When I went to hear him, I heard a great deal more. He talked about himself in the first person, in the second person, and in the third person ; but he talked about no other person. There were imaginary colloquies between Dr. Parker.and his critics, between Dr. Parker and his conscience, between Dr. Parker and his audience ; but Dr. Parker was always the hero of his own story. He filled the canvas, comprised the epic, monopolised the limelight. His address on this particular Thursday was an attack on some obscure persons, who, one gathered incidentally, had commented adversely on the purple patches of his peculiar eloquence. Much cheap antithe tical scorn was wasted on these scoffers, to the accompaniment of gesticulation which would have made the fortune of a marionette. He spoke very slowly, with long pauses. 'I have no fault (hands clasped in front) to find (one hand raised above head) with omnis cience (right fore finger in left palm, head forward), but (head thrown suddenly back, arms dashed out upwards, paunch protruded) I cannot (arms lowered slowly) reconcile myself (arms aUimbo) to onmescience (head lowered to level of desk and waggled vigorously, shoulders shrugged, deprecating palms turned outwards). And so on, with an occasional 'dinging the guts out of blue flees ' which made the pulpit quake. The congregation was principally city men continually coming and going. A ripple of smiles and chuckles marked each point made. It is still a novelty for a Lon doner to hear jokes cracked in a church, and he is grateful accordingly. Londoners are particularly grateful for sunshine. Pass ing the past exceptional summer, sunshine is rather rare in London, and they prize it proportionally. On every day that looks as if it had the remotest shadow of a ghost of an intention to turn out fine, the Londoner carries n. cane. He would never be so rude as to arm himself with an umbrella unless in the last resort. The ladies are as courteous as the gentlemen. Spring and summer do not always make their appearance in London when the calendar proclaims them clue ; but the fashions follow a regular course independently of the weather. 'This bleak, miserable . daj does not feel like summer, it is true; still, it should be sum mer— it really is summer, in spite of ap pearances — I must be dressed accordingly.' So woollen gives way to muslin, even though . the muslin hides urtdcr a waterproof. . Positivism does not hide under a water proof, nor its light under' a bushel; .its trumpet is blown as loudly as. possible ; yet, somehow, it does not attract. It attracted me, certainly, to Fetter Lane, li.C.,. where a little flock is gathered every Sunday evening ;'? but I came nway with the impression that there is more than a sus picion of child's-play about '. the .religion of humanity'.' ' Iii lact, Aiigiste'Conitc seems to have done his best to represent in his . hew' faith the' tinsel 'theatrical side of the French character. Positivism merely gives new lamps for 'old ones; and,' as in Alad ilia's ca«, it itous not »ji-i- ear,'. that the new lamp is any better than the old. We ex change one priesthood for another priest hood, one set of saints for another set of saints, one collection of fetish formula; for another collection of fetish formula.-. In the abstract, Comte's philosophy seems sound 0:1 the whole ; but his conceptions have lost strength and dignity in reduction to concrete practice. Already ritual plays a prominent part in the new religion. Positivists appear just as unable to dispense with an outward and visible sign ol their in.vard and spiritual ideal as are any image-adoring votaries of older creeds. A host of queer little four inch idols in the Fatter-lane hall- strike o-ic with a curious atavistic feeling of famili arity. You seem to dimly remember having danced round a painted post and prayed to something similar far away in the pre historic past. Comte's stress on the known and natural, a; opposed to' the supernatural and gucssod-at, commends itself at o'ice ; there is something to be said for his view that man needs to worship, and that it is more sensible to worship humanity than any of humanity's self-created divinities ; but a nemesis of ludicrous triviality has- followed the attempt to thicken the subtleties of faith for vulgar comprehension. The ordinary London sights are disap pointing. The Tower, Madame Tussaud's, and the rest, are simply places to be bored in, unless one makes them a study instead of a sight. Among the exceptions I would put Covent Gar den market— a charming scene in the early morning. The site is in the heart of London ; and practically all London's fruit, flowers, and vegetables, pass through the market, which is the private nionoply of the Duke of Bedford. His collectors stand at the gates and levy a cash toll on every barrow-load, every basket-full, which enters for sale. The show of flowers is superb; the fruit is splen did. I tried to learn what chance there is for the development of Australian trade, but answers were discouraging. Cape Colony to be sure, has revolutionised the fruit mar ket within the last two years; but Australia is so much further away. ? 'Couldn't we send you pines?' I asked a leading fruiterer. 'They won't keep un less you scud them green,' was the reply; 'and people won'! buy them unless you send them ripe. That pine, ' pointing to a good one worth irom is. to 2s. retail in Brisbane. 'I sell for 7s.' It comes from St. Michael, in the Azores. The grower might get 2s. Gel. for his labour. But 1 have them at 3s. and 4s., fairly good. Others come from the West Indies in thousands, and are sold from 3d. to 6d. to costers, who retail them at id. per slice. These are good pines, but picked green, as yours would hi-.' ' Yet,' said I, ' if a first class pine, which you can sell from 6s. to 7s., can be produced in Australia with a good profit for 6d to is. ; there ought to be margin enough t,o pay expenses.' ' Yes if you can deliver them pri.ne. 1 don't think you can. And you must remember that pines are not a popular fruit. Only rich people buy them. | The market is very limited.' 'But if the , price could be reduced — ? ' ' Even then, I don't think they would sell.' This wa; disheartening. I asked about oranges, to learn that London is so cheaply and plentifully supplied already that, unless ser.t between the seasons, there is no possible market. In peaches and nectarines some thing might be done. Apples? No. Grapes? For answer 1 was taken to a large grower's at Chcilumt, where they showed me scores of glasshouses, full of delicious grapes— Gros Colnian, Muscatel, and others ' —which would be worth from is. to 2s. per j lb. in Australia. They can be grown to pay the grower at is. 6d., and retail from 2s. upwards. The result is that they are beating the inferior Spanish grapes— themselves by ' no means bad— out of the market. Yet thousands of barrels of Spanish grapes are imported annually still, and sold retail from j C.I. per lb. upwards. These are good sound fruit, worth about the same money retail iii I Brisbane. Tinned grapes are obtainable from Qd. to is., tinned pines, from Singapore, at Gd. to 7ld. l Altogether, the result of my enquiries went to show that except in small parcels, at particular seasons, Australia can do little with the English fruit trade. And yet I was not convinced. (7'd tie fontimteil.) 