zi f THE EVERLASTING GHOST, ' 'A. Vhantom Xlwt Has Made little Progu rcn In Thousands .of Years.- . . We are asked to believe in ghosts be cause in every age there have been ghost stones. But would it not be more nat ural to suppose that in every age the hu man mind has been subject to aberra- tions, and that some specific weakness or irregularity of the mental constitution or of the physical organ, the brain, on which all thinking, so far as we are aware, de- pends, has probably given rise to this particular class of hallucinations? i. We. cannot pretend as yet to know the mind thoroughly in health and disease, .but this we do know, that there are. thou- ' sands and millions of persons whose lives are never intruded on by ghosts and .who know absolutely nothing of "occult" phenomena. According to a reverend gentleman's figures, only one woman in itwelve and one man in ten has had any "occult" experiences. Now, what w« s should like very much to have would be ; a> further analysis of these figures show ing the percentage of flighty or other wise ill balanced minds among the "oc cult" and the "nonoccult" (if we may so -apply the words) classes respectively. 7'Qur own experience would lead us to Relieve that the proportion would be vastly larger in the former class than in the latter. Who has not known many lexamples of the tremulous, nervous, hy persensitive,- wonder loving, hysterical .of - semihysterical type of constitution 'among the" devotees of ghost lore?- And if : such' examples occur, as we believe 'they must,; to the mihd of every one, is it hot at' 'least a. probable inference that "dcc-ffitism"';ih/'its various phases has tomething to do with that kind of mind? ; , The ghdsi: may be very ancient, but we So/not believe in Mm : the more. The /trouble about him "is that hehasihade /no progress since the earliest times. In /facti on the whole, lie has fallen back. "We 'sbould not tie. disposed to talk of the "lentatioh" of EHj'ali ourselves had not ,tHe, Rev. Mr. Haweis .used, the term be- fore .us,. -But if, following the reverend gentleman's lead? we consider .the proph; et's alleged ; translation in - ;ttiat! ligtiti surely It was. nr- most successful feat in c'r;ievitation,",. and a.-little ahea!d' of. :any- tomg;the, modern world.can show.''" iJ /// And,, speaking generally, !ttie appari-" jtions and'yisionsund; other? spiritual v. or' pccultptienomena'of ancient -times : tiad! more "body"to 'them; than? those ;ofr our lown: day;- -If -therefore 'the jghost :has, .made.no progress'invtlie course: of .three ;or foiir thousand years, "if ho' is /just,, as i.-nriinstructive and inconsequent ; a /ptiej noinenon now as he. was' when ' we first : encountered liim'/if' hotto littl'erihbfe! 'so;' we' may perhaps be1 pardoned -for tlnnk- !'ing that/he'mayti.e safely and!fairly ig nored bv'-nebnle-1 wli'b' l?ave inni-averaare -' amount of business' to,' attend1 . to.— Pop? ular Science/Monthly!/' . 