THE CUEL. A GHOST BT011Y. IB* 'ABAMis'',] , Thjt'l the evil ot praotUml joklrg ; v T'' neverAaiow where it jnay end, . ®nt «n»jr find th»t your (sn hu been ctolt t '? r' _ Yonr churn, or most Intim »ta friend : And-* pitiful quarrel beginning Invest, or it maybe mistake, 'ST*8*4 to &0 *ni o£ alnniog Till half the c jmmandmenta you break For instance When Stewart was atowine « That custard ia Sullivau's hat, - 01 conn's he bad no means of knowing That Cheater was « smoking the rat?' \- And was prompting that imp little Foley To clap It on Robertson's head ? men toiticic out by everything holy That Griffia had done it instead. That Bobertson, blinded with costard j And foaming with passion would Bhy/ The cruet containing the mustard Direct into Griffin'a right eye ; WhO) Recalling some taunting expression That Bobertson ventured before, Would promptly repel the aggression And bring on & general war. That B. would seize G. by the throttle, And tender endearments wonld pass ; A pie-dish, a tumbler, a bottle j '? Vou scoundrel fn— ' You blackguard IM— 'You ass I' That tbe ioes would grow madder a&d; madder Because as each wassailer sses They could scarce eec a hole through a ladder, But that was the' fault of ' the cheese.' Yet this was the case ; and the riot Had reached euch a terrible stage That the rest were unable to qoiet Tbe combatants' anger -&nd; rage ; Both scooted all thoughtof retraotlon, Bat shouted with might with mrin For instant and full satisfaction And folood-er— to wipe out the stain. Yet the variance might have been settled Before it had reached such a height, Had the principals not bave been nettled And urged on by Bonner and White ; Who just as tho quarrel had started Had managed to speak one another, And now that the foeman had parted Kept egging tbem on at each other. 11 I'll stand by you, Griffin,' said Bonner ; And 11 I'll see you through it,' said White, 11 Trot him out and avenge your dishonor,' ' Parade him, my Pippin ? that's right ; ' Bo tbe thing was discussed and decided, The cbalts on the table were stowed, Doon bolted and pistols provided, Which seconds proceeded to load. The ghost ot the dinner being handy, Tbeir courage the principals fired With a good stiff third-mater of brandy— A stimulant neither required Then each was got into pontion, And placed with bis back to the wall, For both were in such a condition That one or the other must fall. The pistols were those you call ' holster,' In length fifteen inches or more ; With a lullet aa big a bolster, It judged by ihe eide of tho bore ; Thus armed like ft bloodthirsty pirate Griff hiccoughed out 1 ' Bonner, I say Which one of bis heads must I fire at 1 There's two ot 'em over the way.' Then— ©ae J Two 1 J Three I ) 1 Blflg— and a double, And soon as the smoke eleared away, Poor Bobertson, plainly in trouble, Full length on the carpeting lay ; Willi countenance ghastly and horrid, Eye# set, and tho life- weliing gore, From a horrible wound on bis forehead, Slowly streaming away on the floor. Tbe eight was sufficient io steady Poor Griffin, who wanted to rush To assist bim ; but Bonner was reaiy, And drew him away from tbe crush. ' Away Grifi ! don't loiter nor tarry, Bat cut it for decency sake ; The man is as dead as old Harry, You don't want to dance at hie wake. M The police will be bere in a minnte ; ' You'll bave to get out of tbe way. We rnnst have been mad to begin it, And now there's tho d ? 1 to pay ; That cave up the gully, old fellow, Yoaknow.it? Qo vp there and hide \ It's no use to whimper or bellow — Why didn't you lire at Lis side 7 ' Poor Grifflu with agony started, Through brushwood ard thicket he files, With the face of the murdered departed 8U11 haunting and blasting bis eyes ; And tbere, while the da-kness was waning, He sat in tbe gloom of the cave, Reviewing the horror remaining, And wishing himself ic the grave. That he who was once an exemplar ft all that Avaa noble and great, A.D.D.G.W. Chief Templar, Shonld fall from eo high an estate j His fame and prosperity blighted. His brow with the brand of a Cain, And BobcitsoD'a friendship requited By boring a bole through his brain. His wife was by this tim- awaking. Ho if next should her presence he greet 1 And he saw himself trembling and q Biking As wildly be s^nk at her feet ; Co be kept ' up the agony piling' Till noon was beginning to glow, When into tbe cavern came smiling The ghost of his blood-boltered foe. He shrieked 1 It was no nss retreating { He felt he thould strangle or choke, Till he beard this peculiar greeting : — ' Bay, Grifi, this was more than a joke. With laughter thu town ie exploding, I thooght I was shot— On my -soul I But 'tw-a lucky they managed the loading With charges of red currant roll ' (.It may be matter of local interest to learn that one ot tbe principals in this story of fact, tbe victor in tbe duel, was formerly a tesldent of Launccaton, Mr D'Arcy Wont Worth Lathrop Hurray.] 