SIFTIN GS. The Victorian loan has been a success. Under the circumstances it would have been a marvel had it not been. For a colony like Victoria the price paid is enormous, and it looks very much like buying mnoney. From figures published by the Sydney Herald we find that " not only has Victoria to pay i8s oId per cent. more interest for its present loan than when it borrowed on a 3j per cent, security, bIut it is paying absolutely more than in 1880, when the nominal in terest rate was 44 per cent. per annum. We have to go back 04 years to find a loan which cost the colony so much as the present one." The loan has a currency of 32 years, and the net price is j94 8s 6d, which gives investors an average return of £4 7s 3d per cent, per annum, allowing for compound interest half-yearly and redemption at par at maturity. Put in another way, the price at which the loan has been floated means that the colony will have to give £65o,ooo in interest more than it would if it had been able to borrow at the same rate as it did in i889. The best feature in the transaction -in fact the only redeeming one-is that it is a conversion loan, and the colony will save ,3s per cent. per annum in annual interest. Had the credit of the colonies been main tained at the x889 level the loan would have saved 32zs Id per cent. Who shall say after this that the colonies have not to pay for the recent reckless financial legislation ? We can get money, certainly, but we have to pay for it like other spendthrifts, Statements have been published that New South Wales in tends to borrow at 5 per cent., and there seems to be good ground for them. One and a quarter millions of Treasury bills fall due on the rst January, and money has to be found by hook or by crook. As we are un able to pay our way we shall have to borrow, and borrow at a very stiff price. After the tall talk of the Ministry not so long ago, of living within our income and executing pub lic works out of revenue, this is a deplorable come down.. It would be just as well if the colony were to sustain defeat in its attempt to borrow, because if the politicians find this means of restoring our artificial prosperity open to them we shall have a repetition of the events of previous years. The bubble will burst again, and our last state will be worse than our first, because the sum annually sent out of the colony as interest would of course be larger than now. If those who benefited by the expenditure of the loans had to pay the piper there would be some equity in the transactior; but the elec tors at large have to foot the bill while others reap the advantage. Was there any connection with thie earth quake on Monday night and the opening of Parliament ? If olden records betrue omens and portents were once frequent. Shake speare talks of the sheeted ghosts that squeaked and gibbered in the Roman streets, a little 'ere the mightiest Julius fell; and many an old woman can recall how she heard the dog hoel dismally the night Johnny died. Perhaps Mother Earth, like most of the unfeathered bipeds living on her surface, is about full up of Dibbs, and took this way of expressing her satisfaction that the last session of his Parliament was about to commence, There are plenty of other omens, of the squeaking and gibbering ghost type. Erstwhile fierce uncompromising pro tectionists, who couldn't talk of anything else, are now instructing their constituents in mysteries of national banks which they haven't fathomed themselves. Others are gibbering about the referendum to people who have a hazy idea that it is a new breed of sheep or possibly a brand new legal pro cess. Others have discovered salvation in this, that, and the other-all of which are as impressive in their character of omens as the howling ol the house dog, or the persistency of the shark in following a ship, or the sight of two magpies, or spilling the salt. T.,st us hope that in this case the auguries are true and the omens solemn prophecies, If we were all members of the family of the Fat Man then possibly we might pray for the preservation of the Dibbs dynasty; but as it is-well we are inclined to put faith in the significance of Monday night's earthquake. 