HERE Il AN THERE, Be B TlE MAN ABOUT TOWr, It's aterrible thinig sometimes to be a re presentative of royalty. The Viceroy of SIreland has many consolations. He can kiss the youthful debutantes at his court, and if some lbe a trifle off color in the way of youth, they are proportionately grateful. 3Even the Viceroy of India can get away to .the Hills, and the diversions of Simla are of an exciting, not to say spicy, order. But out in Australia a Governor has sometimes a sultry time of it. lie has generally a large stock of orders on hand for openingbuildings, bazaars, etc. He is expected to say something new about anything at the shortest notice, and to be widely interested in everything from ensilage to calisthenics or esoteric Bddhism. I e has frequently to travel long distances with members of Parliament ! He has a larger visiting book than any other citizen, and, consequently, is more frequently bored. But the unklndest out of all must be when he has to read what it costs to entertain him. "Please ask the Governor to come to our .'shw,' wrote a North-Western Shbw`Secretary'i the: other day to the localmember." With his usualcourtesy, the Governor was willing to go. "Is it good enoughP' wired back the cautious member, and then it was found that it would cost some thirty pounds to give the visitor a suitable reception. On this followed discussion, and it was finally decided that, in the present state of affairs, it "wasn't good enough." Of course, the show authori ties are quite right in being careful of the members' funds, but they might have left the Governor out of it until they had made up theirminds. It isn't customary toask a man to dine with you, and then let him know what it costs you. Here sa paragraph from a leading Lon don newspaper, the "Daily News ":-" On the occasion of a recent theatre party given by the hen. W. A. Zeal, President of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, the whole of the stalls and dress circle of the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, was reserved for the guests, who included some prominent members of society as well as politicians." Surely a paragraph this full of points! Rather sets the example in style for colonial I writers. If Mr Zeal had been made the President of the New South Wales Legislative Councilit wonldnothave been so bad. But a Speaker usually presides in the House to which the term Assembly is applied in any Parliamentary system. Again, it is interesting to hear that "many prominent t members of society were present, as well as politicians." The implied distinction be tween the former and the latter class in this remarkable paragraph suggests reflec tion of a far more serious character than those provoked by its appallingly mixed geogrgaphy. It is interesting to notice the amount of tender solicitude manifested with regard to f Sir Henry Norman's unexpected appoint ment. Now, if anyone is likely to be com- 1 pletely educated with regard to affairs z Indian, it certainly should be a man who has I spent the greatest part of his life in a India in the dual capacity of soldier and f diplomatist. Yet certain aristocratic circles in England and India profess to be agitated il lest the new Viceroy should not be capable of n dealing firmly with such important questions p as may arise. Had the Gladstone Govern- t mgZnt appointed- t 1~ the undoubtedly a diult office, say,'the head of one C of the noble families in England, v with an experience limited to Downing street It and St. James', would there have been such a anxiety? I trow not. The only parallel a which occurs to me at the moment is the ii picture of a number of elderly spinsters e cautioning a successful bookmaker against 0 risking his money on the turf, while thecallow v youth passes by to plunge on a dead bird. There is a powerful flavor of hypocrisy and ii jealousy in the pitying, doubting congratu- t lations tendered to the gallant old soldier i who, if his record be any criterion of his I quality, should be well qualified to deal with I the possible dangers which menace our Indian Empire. By the way, a Ruesian f paper has expressed an opinion on this sub- I ject which ought not to be wholly over. t looked. The Metropolitan Board of Works ought to have painted a colored window, designed after the idea of the familiar Pears' Soap advertise. ment. One pane ought to represent the poet, philosopher, 'financier, Fitz Gibbon stretching forth his hand to reach an inac. cessible loan, and be marked with the legend 'He won't be happy till he gets it;" and the second pane ought to represent the same dear old Fitz holding up the coveted prize, "Now he's got it I" Of course, :Mr Fitz Gibbon would never consent to be painted naked, like the little boy in the pic ture, but that could be overcome, I dare say. Everyone is glad he has got it. He deserved it. His interest in the sewerage question is so deep and real. And, by the way, it is not true, I am authorised to say, that the bard has written an epic poem, "To a Main Sewer," dedicated to Councillor M'Mahon. There are some points about being a ghost. Ghosts go where they like, haunt whom they please, don't pay any income-tax, are not worried about politics, do not have their money locked up in reconstructing banks, and don't even have rows about their washing bill, because the flattering robes they wear never want washing. Better still, if yonare a ghost, you have solemn, learne&people; ex citingthemselves inthe investigationof you. The study'of ghosts is, in fact, one bf the most absorbing pursuits on the cards. Mr W. T. Stead, Jji" his wonderfully shre eye for the bus'lnes side of things, has even estab lished a spooky magazine called "Border land," about which everything is\to be ghostly, except the proSts. Last of !all, a number of gentlemen in Mlelbourne, compris ig Mlr As~ionomer Ellery, Profesor Lsrie, Dr Syme,Dr Strong asdProfessor M'Alpine, of the Government Botanist's department, have formed the nuoleus 'of a Melbouane Psychical Research Society,which is shortly to bepubliclyfloated. I understandthatitis tosit for the collection of evidence, like the Sweat. ing Board (there is a shocking lot of "sweat ing" where the ghosts come from !) and ghosts areto be called as witnesses. I am sure and hope they will be successful. At -present I regard so-called "familiar spirits" as being considerably "under proof," but I have an open mind on the subject. I trenst the Society will give particular attention to Australian native spooks, banyips, "an' sich." They have neverbeen properly investigated by psychical students, and there is no reason why an Australian bunyip shouldn't be as good as,say,anlrishbanshee,or anold English family spectre. In fact, if the native article does not get justice done, I shall, with 'the editor's permission, use this column for con denoting a agitation in' favor of taxing im Sported spirite and protectinig the locil article, e and for having the former stamped, as is pro. \- posed tobe done with Chinese furniture. So a just let Mr Ellery and Professor Laurie look The evils of the opium habit, have they not been told by thousands of orators and writer. who-never knew what it was A De Quineey is not found at every street coarenr, and itis not easy to imitate his con et asions." Of course, it ls my plain duty to Sbelieve that both tobacco and opium shorten people's hve. Occasionaly one doe indeed .come across: a hard case a man, for instance, hale and hearty at eighty or ninety, \who has smoked and chewed tobacco from\ boyhood. Once, too, I recollect, when in virtual quarantine, a woman of over eighty,who had velunteered aid to the sick when younger nurses were not to be obtained, sat down with me before the fire each evening, and we mingled our re spective clouds of tobacco smoke. So far as I know, she is alive yet, and always enjoys her pipe. nutwhat of a case jest reported by Mr E. H. Parker, who has beenwritingto the Eng lish papers about themines in BErmah. Mr Parker says :-" Atthe second mine there is an old Chinese patriarch ; he is 75 years of age, and has been 40 years in the country, smoking opium steadily all the time. He keeps a drug shop, and seems tobe verymuch respected in the neighborhood." No wonder. That man has earned' a title to respect. One who can smoke opium steadily for 40 years might fairly be regarded as establishing a record in his own particular line. Hard cases are said to make bad laws. Unquestionably the case of that ancient Celestialplaysthe deuce with some cherished notions. ",Some queer stories are afloat in the Runnymede district," writes a correspon dent, "with reference to the Jorgensen episode. Among others, it is rtmnorcd that a newly - married lady in tends to take divorce proceedings against her husband on the ground that on one occasion when she--the wife was in ill- health he sloptin the same room as Miss Jorgensen." If the wives of all the men who may have happened to occupy the same room as Miss Jorgensen, during her career in masquerade, elect to take the same view as the lady alluded to, there will be trouble. 