LILYDALE RETROGRESSIVE 1SS00UL m PROPOSAL TO ABOLISH THE SHIRE COUNCIL. A hurriedly convened meeting of the above association was held under the Market shed on Tuesday evening last. Mr Blowfly was proposed for the cliair, but that gentleman flatly declined ibe honor. " "Why ?" asked Mr Shingler. "Why?" replied the other, "Do you think I'm a blanky fool ? I have not got over the knocking about I got at last meeting yet. You're not going to have me again.'"' Hov»-ever, after a good deal of persuasion, and a promise that he should not be interfered with on this occasion. Mr Blowfly was induced to take the position. In opening proceedings the chairman said they were met for a very important purpose, but before going into the business of the evening he would like to say a few words with regard to the assault which was committed upon him at last meeting. He was speaking now more in sorrow than iu anger, because he. perceived now that the. last pjceting had not quite caught his mea ing 011 that, occasion, and tbniioJi, action 01 me members was laudable it was still somewhat, hasty. Fortunately he was the only sufferer. Had they given him time he would have explained at last meeting that his proposal to utilise his water hauling apparatus was purely a business matter. If he could make a few shillings out of those people who choose to wash themselves, he didn't see why he shouldn't. A voice : " Oh, shut-up, and get on with the meeting." Tiie chairman, continuing, said that if the blooming hopping ghost who had just opf.ned his mouth would "come round tho hack" he (the chairman) would soon shut him up. He guessed who it. wa c , and might inform the party that he (the chairman) had not cleaned his boots for nine months, which was more than the other c-ould say. A commotion was now heard at the rear, and a young man was thrown several feet over the fence. The chairman again rose and said that thpy were, no doubt, all more or less sulT.'i'crs through a body which called itself the Lilydale Shire Council. This body imposed rates upon the people, which, in many instances, they were unable to pay, and in more instances were much disinclined to pay, ami he would like to knov* what it did with this money. A voice : " Nothing. 1 ' The chairman : Oh, yes, it did. He would like those who didn't understand the subject to hold their tongues. One fool was enough at a time. The council had at various times employed men and given them good wsges, but only as recent as the previous Saturday they were treated to an instance of what a helpless lot of men there were in that eoniicil-...when jons member .overruled tour others—no meeting was held, and as a, conso-'juenee no wages were paid to the workmen. This was a shocking state of ailairs, for tho men were compelled to go without their beer on Christmas Day. He could assure, the meeting th-it he had searched very carefully that day, and had not seen one drunken man. and do his utmost, he (the chairman) could not rise a drink or bovrow a threepenny bit. (Cries of shame. 1 ') Xes, it was a shame. Ho rather prided himself on his ability to raise a drink if there was one about, and if lie could not succecd lie would like to know how others must have felt. ?,:r Shingler moved that as the municipal body known as the Lilydale Shire Council lias, by divers acts, but particularly in not handing the men their money so that they might have a spree on Christinas Day, shown itself to bo a brutal combination of bloated capitalists, this meeting requests that the said Shire Council be disbanded, and the Shire oilices be converted into a y.ublichouse where free drinks shall bo dispensed. The chairman to convey the resolution tp the Premier of the colony. The chairman : But how am I to convoy it to him 1 Mr Shingler: Why, take it to him, of course. The chairman : How ? By train ? Mr Shingler : What the mischief do I care how you take it ? I suppose you can walk, can't you ? The chairman : What are you giving us ? Mr Pah entered the enclosure at this juncture. He said some mean cuss had " shook " his ducks, and he would like to ask the chairman if he knew anything about them. A voice : What's that got to do with the Shire council ? Mr Pah hoped they would let him explain. They were" nice fat ducks, and A member : I don't think the chairman knows anything about your ducks this time, but I saw a fellow with some ducks the other morning. He's here now. Mr Pah: Where? A young man was now to be seen making tracks for the fcnce. Mr Pah started in hot pursuit, followed by the rest of the members. Our reporter followed, but could not keep up the pacc. The last lie saw of the meeting it was racing up the Mount at the back or Cook's brickyard, and apparently travelling for South Wandin. The chairman stayed behind tp collect the umbrellas. Dronc-hia! Cough Svrap < { «:ckly alleviates Jb-oiieh'.tis. Influenza.," aud ail chcst affect lioiis. Price 2s. G.3. J. G. C. Jones, Pharmaceutical Hall, Lilydale.—ADVT. Jones's Soothing Powders arc excellent fo children whiist sutToriag with teething o' worms. J. C. C. Jones, Chemist, Lilydale —Ai)vr. Jones's celebrated eye lotion (used In the jolomo;; for 30 yeais) is a certain esse for cvei-y kind of blight so common iu Australia during the present season. J. C. C. Jones, chemist Lilydale,-Ann. 