GHOST MACHINE. Mr Stoad is having a spirit-writing machine invontecl for him. Tho invention, works upon tho spirit rapping and table-turning principle, being a maguotised dialplato which communicates by -wires with a new form of typewriter. Tho " medium " placos his hand upon tho dial, and the "spirit " influences him to -spell put .a messago on tho typewriter. Wo rather imagine anyono will bo able to spell out messages quite as well as the medium. Often having heard about spirits rapping, and spirits playing upon pianos, wo would like to know" what prevents the spirits rapping or playing direct upon tho type-writer, and so delivering a printed message from between the rollers. Tho Catholic Church holds tlint tho so-called " Spiritualism " is either doviltry or fraud, and it is a pit}' to sec men like Mr Stead allow ing themselves to bo deceived. From the description in tho papers, the new machine does not seem to be nearly so mysterious as the once very cele brated 11 planchetto." Planehetto is a heart-shaped piece of hard wood supported at tho base upon two delicately sot wheels, while a sharp pointed pencil is passed through the apex. On placing it ovor a pieco of smooth paper and pressing tho hand gently down upon it, it commences to travel with a jerky motion which causes the pencil to mark characters looking like any very bad writing, and capable of being interpreted accordingly. This motion was sup posed by enthusiasts to bo due to " spirits " of the thinner kind, but it is really caused by tho natural tremulousness of the many muscles in the lingers and hand, together with the blood-thrust of the pulsating ves sels, whose power can be easily felt by tying a string tightly around the linger. The Abbu Hue, iu liis de lightful "Travels in China, Tartary, and Thibet," tells us of Buddhist priests who had praying machines, which worked on tho handnull and windmill principles. Sailors toll us weird stories of "spooks calling spirits from tho vasty deep in tho middle watch," but hero arc machines by which anyono can " spook " at will. Catholic Times. 