THE SEPTEMBER SHOW. Fortunr.tely for everybody concerned the weather on Friday was much better than on the opening day, and the sunshine illumined the proceedings. A keen wind during the night and early morning had fortunately dried up much of the mud and slop of the previous day ; but it is high time that the society and the Government arrived at Borne conclusion as to whether the shows are to he continued in the present grounds or removed to the larger grounds behind the Jubilee Exhibition Build ing. Owing to the rain on Thursday the roads, paths, and footway in the showyards were aukle deep in mire, and the ladies pre sent were placed at great inconvenience and suffered much discomfort, while it was un pleasant enough even to the sterner sex to be wading through the mud. It would be a good relief work for the unemployed to undertake the construction of new yards in the Jubilee Exhibition Grounds—making the roads and pathways, and preparing the place for the future removal of the sheds, &e.; The con- j dition of the grounds on 'Thursday was simply a disgrace to Adelaide, and even visitors from the country as well as those from other colonies must have been surprised and disgusted with the condition of the place uuder foot. Year by year also, as population increases, the necessities of the society in the matter of space be come more pressing, and there was hardly room on the present occasion for the spread of canvas needed for the poultry, the carriages, and other exhibits, and a a year or two hence the implement malters will be demanding more space. Although the horse ring is a fair size it is hardly up to the requirements of the jumpers, and its approaches are much cramped on the side near the sheds, while another en closure is needed for the horses and convey ances thab are waiting to be called into the ring. At present they have to mingle with the crowd and startle people with the impression that they are in danger of being run over. All these objections must be obviated and required improvements made if the society is bo hold its position as the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society of the colony. While the necessity for immediate improvement is only too appa rent the need of future requirements must also be taken into consideration, and this should determine the society upon making a strenuous effort to get as speedily as possible into the larger grounds adjoining, where also a more spacious and imposing structure is waiting use in the Exhibition Building itself. The atten dance on Friday was very large, fully 6,000 people being present on the show grounds, and while the jumping events were going on the fence round the ring was lined round and round several people deep, who oraned over each other's shoulders to get a view of the proceedings, and had to submit to unpleasant overcrowding. When the new grounds are obtained this defect will no doubt be remedied by the making of a sloping bank, as on the oval, and the erection of seats. His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived during the afternoon, and Lord Kintore entered the ring and remained till late in the afternoon, evinoing considerable interest in the proceedings, as his lordship is well- known to be not only a good judge of a horse, but also of the style in which it should be ridden. The Premier (the Hon. C. C. Kingston) was also present in the ring ."with Mrs. Kingston, and these were the only visitors who were inside the oharmed circle besides the officials and compe titors, as the unpleasant duby devolved upon Mr. Paseoe and one or two other stewards to intimate to several good supporters of the society who desired to be under the shelter of the big tree, that a strict rule had been made to prevent the invasion of the enclosure. Those who received this intimation had the grace to retire, with the knowledge that the stewards were only carrying out a duty enjoined ujjon them for the good of the society. Horses in Actiox. This section of the show, which is annually increasing in popularity and invariably draws the citizen contingent as well as the country visitors, is so well represented on the present occasion thab the programme set down for Friday could not be completed. The judges— Messrs. Seth Ferry and Dr. J. A. G. Hamil ton—had an arduous task before them, which, however, they were fully qualified to under take, but the bill of fare was too big to be gob through in the time allotted. It would be much better on future occasions if the judging of turnouts, &o.;, commenced at noon, and the jumping to be started nob later than half-past 2. On Friday the judging was begun at 2 o'clock, and it was some two hours later ere the jumpine was begun, and before the ponies had competed over the hurdles hundredsof people had left the grounds, and at last darkness intervened, arid some classes low on the programme, who had been waiting about since 1 o'clock, had to take their departure without being adjudicated upon. This, as we have stated, was not the fault of the judges, but a defect in detail of arrange ment which rests entirely with the committee. The first to enter the ring, and against whom there was unfortunately no competition, was Mr. 0. Hughes's handsome pair of carriage horses, to whom the first prize was awarded. For a harness pair Mr. W. H. Morrish was first, Mr. R. Barr-Smith's pair not being according to the conditions. Mr. John Hill's old prize-winner Stanley again carried off first honors as a single harness horse, Dr. Hamilton's Prince being second. The turnout of trolly horB63 and trollies was highly creditable to the firms represented, and Messrs. J. Reid & Sons' pair just beat Mr. D. Reed's Punoh and Tiger for first honors, the latter obtaining the second prize. As a waggonette horse Mr. W. B. Cowan's was the best and Mr. J. Hill's Stanley second. Dr. Ewbank's harness pair (greys) beat Mr. A. Cunningham's. The single trolly horses were a very good lot, and there was active competition. The prize fell to Captain, of the Adelaide Chemical Works, and second honors to Mr. H. Graves's representative. Mr. J. G. Burdett, jun., took first for pony Eairs and Mrs. L. G. B. White second honors. >r. Ewbank was again successful in winning the Bingle buggy horse prize against Mr. C. H. Wilkinson's Dick, who was second. There were not many tandem teams, but those shown were a stylish lot, aud Mr. W. J. Thomson landed first honors with Teddy and Spot, Mr. H. D.Young coming second. The best harness pony was Mr. A. J. Barker's creamy, Mr. O. Hughes's grey being second. The big event of the day was the jumping competition amongst the hunters, for which there were 21 entries, and all but one came to the post. The first prize was £12, the second £8, and the third £1, and it was intimated that the com mittee would like the riders to wear hunting coats or jockey's colors, and this desire was in the main complied with. Two or three hunting men, however, pro tested against appearing in scarlet, because it was not in the conditions, and also because the show ring was not the hunting field, and it was not advisable for scarlet to be worn for "show" purposes. This is only a minor matter, however, in which no doubt the riders will be left to please themselves. It took a considerable time to deal fairly with the 20 different competitors, the majority of whom were jumping remarkably well, but in their final decisions the iudaea oame very close to public opinion when they awarded the first prize to Mr. John Hill's Kaulbars (Mr. Peroy Hill in the saddle); the second to Mr. D. McKenzie's Motala (Mr. Ralli), and the third to Mr. T. H. Murray's Grut. The old prize-winner Josephus jumped as well as any of them, but after calling him up for a final inspection the judges considered that the quality and youth of the three selected were before the older horse, and they gave their decision accordingly. This has been a moot point hitherto as to whether the judges were to take quality into consideration, and the judgment given on l?riday will no doubt establish a pre cedent. A well-known hunting man who was not impugning the judges' decision said he would prefer to ride Josephus over a few miles of country than any horse in the ring. The judges knew that in Motala they had a horse before them who finished second in the Grand National Steeplechase, and therefore could not ignore his pretensions, while some of the others who jumped well enough would not have had the ghost of a show of getting a place in such an event. Mr. Frame Downer was the only rider who had the bad luok to get a fall through his horse Kingfish slipping and striking the jump heavily. Both horBe and rider came over a purler—the horse on|his back—and it was very lucky that his rider was ju6t clear of his heels when he kioked out before regaining his feet. Mr. Downer pluckily remounted at once and took the next jump flying, and was rewarded with cheers. For the jumping prize for ponies sixteen com petitors entered, and the first money, £5, was eventually awarded to Mr. E. J. Loche'B bay, ridden by Mr. Ralli; the second money, £3, to Mr. Ralli's Lucy (owner up, and his fourth ride into a place); and the third money, £1, to Mr.iW. B. Sells's Topsy. Mr. Allan Baker's I Lady 'May just missed a prize through going off in the first round, but as the hurdles were afterwards lengthened an advantage was given to the competitors who oame later. Some of the ponies jumped quite as well as the horses, ] and might have taken the big sticks instead of the hurdles. It being past 0 o'clock and dark-' ness looming the judgeB decided that the classes ■ left on the card should be judged first on Saturday, and at 1 o'clock to-day theee will enter the ring, and the other portion of the programme will follow. Dogs. Most of the dogs were out at the recent ex- j hibition of the Dog and Poultry Society, and the faces of not a few were familiar to show goers. There was, however, a distinct im provement on the show of twelve months ago. Acoording to Mr. J. 0. Coupe, the Victorian expert who came over to judge the dogs, there is still plenty of room for improvement in many of the classes. Though Mr. Coupe is fresh from an inspection of the best kennels of the old country, he is not setting up too high a standard when he says that. He, better than anyone, is aware that the most celebrated strains of blood in the world runs in thB veins of the crack dogs of the old land. Here famous sires and sluts are not always at the disposal of lovers of the dog, and in building up the growth has of necessity to be somewhat slow. Mr. Rae, another Vio torian expert, did the judging at the recent poultry and dog show, and we were not in the least surprised to find that Mr. Coupe haB reversed that gentleman's decision in more than one case. At the former exhibition Mr. Rae awarded the first prize in thelrougli-ooated collie dogs clasB to Mr. S. T. Thomas's Robin de Boic, who is by Metchley "Wonder out of Pepita, and gave him the special also. Mr. Coupe reversed the decision by awarding first honors to Mr. G. Laughton's dog, by Westwood Victor (imp.), out of Aberfeldie Lassie. Mr. Thos.(Roach showed Prince Charlie, who is out of the same litter as the prizewinner, which is a remarkably even collie, but lacking some of the point3 of Mr. Laughton's exhibit. Although the WillianiB's and Edgecumbe's no longer fight in the show ring lor honors with St. Bernards two of the dogs bred in their respective kennels eamo out to do battle for the first ticket. There was nothing to beat Mr. J. H. Weidenhofer's big rough coated dog at the Poultry Society's show and Mr. Rae awarded him the honors. Here, however, Don Carlos, a handsome dog owned by Mr. R. A. Bohme, disputed with the big fellow, and Mr. Coupe's decision rested with the former. The winner Don Carlo3 was bred by the Messrs. Williams, and is by Young Bruce out of Lady Adelaide. ■ He is one of a large litter the old lady gave.birth to, and there was not a poor qualitied dog among the lot. Don Carlos was recently sent to the sister colony, but owing to the sudden illness of the owner be was prevented from showing him across the border. The fox terriers were a nice even lob, but Mr. C. H. Angas's dogs had a royal march, as they scored in the class for fox terrier dogs and bitches and in the puppy division. Mr. Angas's foxies are remarkably nice specimens of the breed. Mr. W. IT. Osborne scored with his Irish terrier bitches, the second prize animal being one that he bred himself. In the same olass for dogs Messrs. R. N. Colley and W II. Osborne were the only exhibitors, and the former gentleman's dog secured the judge's verdict. Mr. Caleb Peacock has made a speciality of those pretty little dogs, the daohshund, and he had things all his own way. Among the setters Mr. .T. P. Williams showed a Gordon bitch with a nice litter. There was only one dog shown in this class, the animal being Mr. W. Krischoek's, which gained the award. In pointers and setters Mr. A. W. Ware was in strong force, and he only met with opposition in the Irish okas, but defeated Mr. G, Aytou's exhibit. Eour shapely greyhounds were on view, and Mr, W. Colyer's dog, who was bred by Mr. Messenger, beat his opponents. The grey hounds, St. Bernards, fox- terriers, and collies were the feature of the show, and Dext year wo hope to see an improvement even in these classes. Miscellaneous. Mr. Fred. Metters, the enterprising maker of patent improved ovens and other modern cooking apparatus, has a marquee to himself near the Exhibition Building, and his collec tion attracts a considerable number of specta tors, more especially as the savory aroma or roast joints, of omelettes, and dainty fruit patties appeal to the olfactory senses of the spectator. Mr. Metters has' now been several years before the public as a maker of his patent ovens, and over 2,300 of these kitchen essentials are now in use. It is olaimed for this oven that it needs only the one lire on top to roast, bake, and boil, and not like the American and others with the fire at the side necessitating a strong draught to carry the heat to the bottom of the stove, therefore burning more fuel than the Metters oven, which can be used outside as well as inside the house, and is equal to bakers' ovens in cooking. No brickwork is needed, and copper boilers can be affixed at the side. The oven can be had with the rapid boiling plates. It needs only half the draught of other stoves. The flues at the sides and round the cooking chamber are all open, the oven getting all the heat before escaping up the chimney. All castings are guaranteed, any part breaking with ordinary care being supplied free oE cost, and water can be thrown on the plates without fear of breakage. These are all important features in connection with an oven, and are well appreciated as the great sale testifies. An immense kitchen range is also on view, used by a confectioner for cooking dainties in view of the spectators, and this also is self-setting, requiring no brick work, and only uses fuel to the value of 5s. or 6's._ a week. Cast- iron copper frames for boilers, and steel frames for the same purpose are also on view, and variouB other novelties which deservedly attract a large amount of attention. During his visit to the show on Friday his Excellency the Governor inspected the asbestos goods shown by Messrs. Allen, Williams, and Co., and expressed himself very muoh pleased with the exhibit. Messts. Batchelor and Arohibald also expressed their approval of the articles on view. The prize-lists were published in this morn ing's Advertiser. 