Recollections of Tennyson. An anonymous writer in the North China Herald contributes some interesting notes of a visit paid to Tennyson at Faringford a few years ago. When an attempt was made to " draw" Tennyson on the subject of poetry, Tennyson did not launch out into a criticism of Wordsworth, Shelley, and Keats, as the interrogator hoped he would. But he did give this piece of advice, and that most impressively. " Read Milton," he said. Then he began to recite some of his own poetry, standing still in the middle of the road, gesticula- ting with his staff and fixing his auditor with his glittering eye. Some people used to find this habit of his a little embarrassing. Indeed, his son Hallam took him to task for it more than once. " Hallam tells me I oughtn't to recite my poetry to people out of doors," Tennyson complained on one occasion. " I think it's very rude of Hallam." Tennyson spoke much and feelingly about the progress of thought which had characterised the latter half of the nineteenth century-the modifi- cation of one's conceptions of many things, and the extreme lengths to which some men had gone. It was with wondering contempt that he referred to Gerald Massey's theory that no such person as the historical Christ had ever lived, and that the whole Christ-story was a sun-myth. Yet his own beliefs must have been vague. " There is only one thing," he said, " of which I feel abso- lutely convinced and sure, and that is a future life. Tennyson told an excellent story of something that happened in the room in which they were. It waa apropos of spiritualism. "You see that great table ?" he said, pointing to a huge massive ponderous piece of furniture in the corner. Then he went on to tell how one night a trial was made at table turning, with the re- sult that that very table raced about, and spun and turned and twisted and capered to such an extent that even those accustomed to such pro- ceedings felt a certain consternation. Suddenly the thing stopped dead. The moment before Bishop Wilberforce had entered the room and mentally exclaimed, " In the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, I adjure thee to be still." The table never danced, in the Bishop's presence again. 