THE NEW HEBRIDES HENRY CANE. STARVING ISLANDERS. INTERESTING LETTER FROM THE ' MEDICAL MISSIONARY. AN ISLAND DESOLATED. A MISSIONARY PLEADS FOR HELP. (S. M. Herald.) The following letter, containing a description of the recent disastrous cyclone which visited the New Hebrides, has been received by the Rev. Dr. Steel from Dr. Lamb, medical missionary of the New Zealand Presbyterian Church : Dip Point, Ambrym, March 7. This is a letter of distress. A hurricane has passed right over our heads a cyclone, I think \- and has ruined us and our people, if not the whole of Ambrym. I do not ask anything for ourselves, but food for the people-rice, hard biscuit, flour, beans, peas, most anything you can And friends willing to send us. Some of it we shall certainly need for ourselves and our " boys" unless help comes soon. The storm began on Saturday morning last, and steadily increased all day. We made everything secure, and retired about 9 p.m. At 10 p.m. we were roused by, the alarming violence of the wind and rain. The glass was falling rapidly. At 11.20 p.m. the roof of the assistant house began to yield and be torn away. At considerable danger from falling branches they made their way to us. Then our native staff by twos and threes came crowding into our little dining-room. It was a terrible time, The trees began to fall, the doors to burst in, and the lights to blow out. We were watching the aneroid rising and falling with every gust. It fell to 28-2 on our highest glass, which would be much below 28-, or even 27- in an ordinary one. To make matters worse, the story behind the house, which was protecting us, began to yield. Piece by piece it flew away, and the heavy timbers laid on its roof to keep the iron down were hurled upon our roof. A section of a building awaiting re-election was picked up and hurled against the end of our house, shattering the picture inside. Then our own walls began to bond. It was an awful experience. The boys' stood with their backs to the wall trying to support it, but in vain. Then we had to fly, whither we know not. The lightning was intense and constant. Wo seemed to be walking or stumbling along in an electric flame. Mr. Mansfield went first, with one of our baby boys under his cape ; I followed, supporting Mrs. Lambeth with the other child. As we passed the native house, the last section of the roof blown off. We hid behind the bole of a tree, and then the end of the assistant's house fell, and scattered as if a bomb had fallen beside us. One shoot of construct me, but did no harm. Through a misunderstanding, Mr. Mansfield led us to the chief's hut, a little low roof sat on the ground, and occupied by the chief, his favourite wife, and his host asked pig. 'tío welcomed us, and we were glad to sit down in the dust or mud beside the greater." A low rude circle of coral stones surrounded the hut, and protected it somewhat from the violence of the storm. The little thatch cover- ing vibrated with the weight of the wind, and the chief was holding on to it, crying out "TimarI"-i.e., calling on the ghost of his father to save him. The rom colour company, which now num- bers some twenty souls, seven being Amuryra young men in training, made their way to the large native house which we built here at our first arrival, seven months ago. There they sat in fear and trembling praying for salvation. They did not reach it without great pain. Mrs. Macdowall lost her husband, and did not know whither to turn, and sat down beneath the great banyan tree on a doorstep of the concrete native cottages, whose walls were cooking and falling. Thence she lied to the native house. I know not what had come of them all, and could not go to sea. A tree had fallen across the entrance to the but, crushing the stone wall. The hours seemed endless. At last there came a lull. We rushed out to find our lost party. The mission station was gone. The very path was lost under fallen trees and ruined huts. The whole party were found safe. More than that it was impossible to learn, for the storm burst upon us again with a roar that is impossible to de- scribe, and from the opposite quarter. In the blinding rain and sand Mr. Mansfield and my self lost our way. ""Thou I lost him. I clung to a shattered tree stump, and tried to dodge the falling paling. It was then I thought our end had come, for the roar of the sea, only a few yards distant, filled one's soul with horror. It seemed as though the waves were upon us, and about to sweep all away. At length, though the vivid lightning, I saw the outline of the chiefs hut again, and made for it, creeping along the ground. I ran against my friend sheltering behind the wall, and ignorant of his whereabouts. We got into the hut at last, the water pouring out of my dressing-gown in rivers. Mrs. Lamb and the children were still safe. There was nothing else for us to do but sit down flat in the dirt, and, with sore eyes, shall limbs, and growing child, wait for the morning, the babes sleeping and crying on our knees, Poor little mites 1 They got a shock they have not yet recovered from As we crawled out of the hut in the gray dawn the scene around us was both awesome and pitiful ; only some four huts comparatively whole, and the people's staff of life-asplondid crop of broad- fruit-lying on the ground, every tree prostrate or broken off short. The desolation, like the storm, is beyond the power of pen or tongue to describers This house, or hut, in which I write , is all that is left to us. into it some twenty-one of us are crowded - babe and filthy savage. All that is left of our worldly goods lies yonder in the mud and rain ; we have nowhere to "bestow" them. The whole land's smitten and blasted, from the seashore to the hilltops. In a few days the people will have naught to eat but dry cocoanuts, most of which have already been exported as copra. Some 4000 to 8000 people will be crying to us for sustenance. One trader here has escaped with his late, but the other one perished, also losing ship and crew, in the terrible blast that followed the Full. Two or three other boats have been lost with their crews. We saw the poor creatures fly past before the wind, their sails blowing away, as they rushed along in the pitiless sea. The people are on the best possible forms of friendship. We can trust them utterly now though hunger may make a difference. Only some ten days ago all disputes were settled; and everything that stood in the way of mutual understanding was removed. We are safer here than in a civilised state, and have not lost a pin since our arrival by theft. ' ? Part of the station building materials probably blown away to sea. Each day brings backfatters, papers, photos, &c.;, from the Band or scrub. The forests are stripped bare, and the trees that remain' standing are morely bare poles.' The birds are homeless wanderers, and add to the sorrow o f desolation. 