CHRISTMAS MEMORIES, Bi P. J. Dillon. (FOB THE SYDNEY PB.EBMA.N's JOUENAL.) A Queensland tua is above my head, In a molten sea of gray, And the fires that its livid breath has fed Through the length of the tropic day FlaBh out from the wombs of the low'ring storm ' . That blots the Southern sky, '. Where the scowling troops of the tempest form, To the thunder'a minstrelsy. And I sit and gaze on the menacing rack, v&s; it narrows the eun's domain, But my thoughts diverge on a winding track, Over valley and broad champaign, Till they rest at tho end on a childish face, Flushed happy in childish play, And carry me back to the old-time place, On an old-time CbriBtnias Day. The face is my own in the misty past, The place is the parent nest, The day is a day o£ wintry blast, And the eirth ia a Bhroud is dresBed ; Icicles bang on the old thatched barn In a quaint uneven beard, And leafless forest, river, and tarD, Have an aspect strange and weird. The forgo that looked o'er Deb id's stream, The distant glint of the sea, The wheeling gull, and the philippine's scream, Are present again to me ; And present tho ghost of a childish trust, Unscathed by the lire o£ the fray, That hath turned full many a hope to dust Since tliat far-oil Christmas Day. Hark ! there arc cadences in mine ears Hethought were lon^ einee hushed ; JSyes answer mine, from whence the teara Of earth have long been brushed ; Embers oi: friendship aro kindled anew 'Jhafc were quenched by dividing seas ; Hearts that -were false, are once mora true, .And pleasures supplanted, please. Open tby rusty gatp, my heart ! To the march of the phantom train, E-'en-let thy pulse, to the lowliest part Of that troop, glad welcome deign ; Brief is the bousing such guests need, They come not hence to stay, Issue of earth, to the shades they speed, And vanish— like Christmas Day. Crash ! and the thunder bellows lou-i As it turns the lightnings loose, ? Rending the Eeal oc the bursting cloud, And unlocking the cyclone's sluice j And rent ia the picture oi! the brain, With its breath o£ wintry rime, That carried me back o'er the swelling main, And spanned the gulf of Time, The rain-drops fall on tbe iron roof With a plashjj petulant beat, And the breeze, that since morn hath hung aloof, Now grapples tho stifling heat. It doesn't require a prophet, skilled In weather lore, to say That the empty tanks bid fair to be filled,. E'er tbe close oi the Christmas Day. Brisbane, December, 1898. 