POLITICAL AND OTHERWISE. To M's. Stephen Trehenpeck, Chairman M.W.R. Concentration Society, etc., etc., e*c. My beloved and gentle Agatha, It is said that to be silent is the safest choice for a man who doiibts his own power. I am fully concious of my inability to interest you, but the demands of marital obligations cannot be ignored. As you will observe by the address attached, I have again taken up my quarters at the " Red Lion. I have always found it a good house of call where you have frequent opportunities of reaewing your acquaintance with friends from the country. As you know, my dear, I am essentially "bucolic, at least, so you have frequently assured me, and your statements always carry conviction. The proprietorship of this establishment has changed hands since my former visit to the City. I greatly miss my old friend Alex. For genuine bon homie, Alex had few compeers among the Boaiface fraternity of our times. If I make a little digression here, it is because mine host, under various aspects, is a study quite too captivating to be easily laid aside. Changeful, is he, as a chameleon, and many sided as a parallelopipedon. (t speak of him collectively.) The almost bigarish brusquerie with which he greets the delapidated toper at the b ir, the bland condescension with which he patronizes tlie hanger-on who has the privelege of basking in the smiles of the baimaid inside the bar. and the subdued and decorous humility with which he accepts Moneybag's invitation to join in a bottle of " fizz " in the private parlour present a picture of kaleidoscopic transformation that would make Mac -abe or Grosmith weep with envy. Of such ilk, however, was not my friend Alex, and his successor, who delights in the magic name " Charlie," proves himself to be an equally esti,liable maitre d'hote1. When you enter a hotel you naturally look for a smile, and smiles are of an infinite variety ; you may encounter an insipid grin, a comtemptuous smirk, a petulent simper, a lacivous leers, a lofty smile, a faint smile that fills you with apprehension, a meaning smile, a rude smile, an impotent smile, an appreciative smile, and a loving smile. Such, my dear, as I only permit in my own home, and from but one privileged individual, but such a smile as formerly welcomed me at the Red Lion is difficult to classify. The feeble smile of some landlords, ay, and of landladies, too. would scarcely cover tbe surface of a nobbier glass, while Alex's would cover the ead of a hogshead, Charlie's smile is not, perhaps, so comprehensive as his predecessor's, though it is ample and mellow, but it is equally attractive and honest, and honesty of smile is a virtue, not frequently met with iu saint or sinner. How well do I remember those smiles of ineffable sweetness, of bewitching radiance and charming honesty, speaking in language of translucent clearness in the never- to-be-forgotten days of yore, which made such effectual havoc of all my theories of single blessedness that wedlock alone could supply a nepenthe for my mutilated and distracted feelings. No flattery, my dar-r, I assure you. But sr,ii'es are not my only ;-,rriaciion " to houses of call." As I said, old friends frequently drop in, and occasionally I have p.a o'jportunicy of inviting suc : i distinguished gentlemen as our own Aliei'dale to join me in a nobbier j and to share wuh me " the fe.xst of reason, and tiie flow of soul." AHerdale is great on finance, and so. it usually Ivanspiras when we m°efc that we lay ourselves out to contrive such fiscal reform as will ultimately wipe oat our ni'b'ic debt. Debts of minor significance are <• I'i-e beneath Allerdale's notice and mine. Of late we have had thiags pvet y lively in tjecj.y—" humming." as our Yankee M.P., mi'-it say. Reference to the Yank" remiads me fcl'at we have a great penchard for exotic plants in our parliamentary garden and favorite conservatories. That we can eschew the British production, and bestow our sr»3cial favor upon the foreign must be only regarded as an evidence of the graud march of atistocracy ; and the contempt in which we hold British precedence and tradition, and our sympathy with American fads and Irish Rome Rule only indicate the mighty throbbing of a nation's soul, bursting for emancipation and yearning for independence and national glory. Ah 1 my dear' time alone will tell in what kind of coin we shall have to pay the penalty of our vanity. But anent the humming, there never was such a hurly burly, such a mailstorm of excitement over elections in Adelaide before. The Labor Party being more numerous, were, of course, most " in evidence You might have supposed that life or death depended upon the issues, whereas the whole boufeversement was little else than an epidemic of excitement, a kind of " ours not to reason why, ours but to do and die " business. Elections ever were so; but what would the performance be like if the innocuous senior member for Onkapariuga had his way and Mrs. Lynn Lindsay's " shrieking sisterhood " were admitted to the orchestra. Angels and ministers of grace, defend us I Honest Tom was very much on the stump at East Torrens, but the tread of some of his remarks gave a suspicion of irony to the attributive "honest.". Tom is a big man, has a big foot, grows big cabbages, represents a big constituency, and makes big promises, with big assurance ; but when he speaks of the reconstruction of the electoral districts and the re-distribution of seats on the basis of population as a foregone conclusion, there is just a possibility of his calculating without bis host. You are aware, my dear Agatha, that I am no advocate for the unrestrained rule of a proud aristocrasy, nor yeL of a snobbish plutotrasy ; but on the other hand I should oppose with the utmost, rigour any attempt to hand over the concerns of tbe state to a reckless and selfserving proletaire. It makes one tremble to think how nearly we approached the verge of disaster in Moonta through ill advised agitation in connection with the working of our mines, The whole affair was nearly gone bung, to use a phrase intimately associated with banking at the present time, and if precipitate, demagogues are to be entrusted with the rudder of state, where are we to land ? I do not think the electors of Moonta will consider their interests will be better served by giving extra representation to the city ; and if the country representatives are true to themselves the big ipse dixit of the big representative of the big constituency will be but characteristic brutum fulmen. The voice of the city has been loud enough io onr legislative halls in the past, as the country knows to its cost. But the signs of the time? are significant with regard to this redistribution of seats project. Some of the aspirants to parliamentary honors who lately went forth from the city to woo the country electors were men of maik and legislative distinction, but their labor of love was but " love's labor lost," Ecce Signum. You, my dear, know that 1 am a stickler for fair play. I know the inflated plutocrat would tryannise if he had the ghost of a show, and that it is necessary for the labor party to organise to keep him in check, but I should be a fool, indeed, if I regarded the labor representatives in power as a less dangerous character. That either side is a amenable to reason is a fond delusion, and the idea of settling disputes between labor and capital upon a neutral ground under the white flag of amity is picturesque, but purely Utopian. On this Vexed question we have to listen to a lot of sentimental maundering, on par with the melliflnous bathos indulged in by the masquerading champions of the Woman's Sufiferage platform. Just as well talk of assimilating elements between which there is no affinity. But the court or tribunal which Mr. Kingston's so-called Conciliation Bill provides for would nevertheless, be serviceable as a useful accessory. Tbe only real safeguard is the careful adjustment of the balance of power between the parties, and i<i this view of the subject, the attitude of Mr. Play ford in relation to popular representation is a issuance to the common wealth, nothing lesrf—a device to give n dangerous accession of political influence to the multitudiuous tongue." Whilst elections in modern times present pictures which may be classed with the strife inspiring Girce Invidioso, they are not thanks to our democratic privileges, without thieir comic aspect. It would be difficult to gauge the high honor conferred upon West Adelaide in the past campaign. Mechanics, law and medicine bowed their lofty heads at the electoral serine the disciple of iEsculapius annouui'- himself as the "Australian Gladstone." I aiu informed this political lusus natures is well known on the Peninsula. I am not, myself, honoured with his acquaintance, but from what 1 bear of him, I deem it discreet to treat him with the utmost politeness. Should he take it into that extraordinary cranium of his to visit Moonta, armed with a Constitution Act, charged to the mu33le with carbolic patent explosive, the consequences to me and mine might be dire, indeed. I will venture, however, just to hint that however partial the 'orny 'andedot West Adelaide may be to prime XXX, very few of them have acquired a relish for empitieal small beer. Reference to Mr Gladstone calls up a little incident to my memory. You will remember, my dear, that some three weeks ago, or thereabouts, as we were about to retire to our peaceful chamber, I sat audibly perusing a leader in the 'Tiser, whilst you were mixing your nocturnal soothing draught. The sudden cessation of the music of the teaspoon and tumoler informed me that you had become a listener. What awoke your sudden interest was an ad captandum panegyric upon Mr Gladstone m whieh the writer took occasion, unfairly, we thought, to make sinister refereuce to the late Lord Beaconsfleld as delighting io Catharine-wheels, endeavouring to exhibit, by comparison, the character of the former statesman in the more appreciative guise. We agreed that, as far as ambitious plotuig was concerned, comparison would be all in favour of Beaconsfleld ; and your remark anent people who live in glass houses, I considered peculiarly cogent. If pyrotechnics is to be placed under contribution to supply a figure, I sho i'-i be inclined to presage that it is not at all improbable that the G. O. M. will make his exit from scenes mundane amid a blaze and tumult of fireworks such as Great Britain has not witnessed for centuries. I cannot help thinkiag that an ambitious man, gifted with extraordinary parts is the most dangerous kind of man living. We have a few such in our own community who require close watching. Popular feeling is not unlike a mighty musical instrumeii:, and the man who is an expert at maai^ula.iag the stops is sure to brin? down the House. The election fight in West Adelaide furnishes an illustration in this connection. " You know me," (mofta voce), from the .performing artist, to which thf adulating cantoris responds " Right yoa are, old man !" " I've been bora and bred in your midst," (renforzando) bv the magician ; " Tfu^ for you. my bo^," from the wo^'shiners ; but the climax " I am one of yoii-^elves," produces a ra'^htv, su".«n? casnphoni/ of frantic admi"ation { wb'ch suffuses the countenance of the intrepid aviift with heavenly raptu n e. It is said thnt tmth is mighty and will previl. Thi t the ad capfandum " I am oie of you selves " contained the quintessence of truth may be beyond contradiction ; but it is capable of being construed to point a moral pnd adorn a tale. Verb. sap. Was it the modesty of the sneaker that restrained him from requesting his admirers to style him thenceforward " the tribune of the people ?" This would have the ring of an honourable title, and when one stoops to conquer he should fiiid an amole reward in some shape. I purpose, my dear, with your kind permission to remain in town until Parliament mee'.s, when I will again taki an opnortunitv of conveying to you i-hrongh our friend, the editor, some account of events as they may present themselves. It was my intention to give you an account of an interview f had with Bartie, M.P., during which that excellent gentleman expanded himself der?htfuUv on various social and political sabjects, his diseoi'-se combining sound moral ethics with a bewildering fund of general information. This will keep however. There is a rumour current that an interesting flour sack will be brought before the House when it assembles. Said sack has seme relation it is said to the seat of one of tbe elect for Yorke's Peninsula. We have ever been taught to regard the wool sack as a seat of honor, but if reporc be tiue, the sack in question is of quite a different character.—I remain, My dear Agatha, With undiminisned affection, Your devoted Soouse. STEPHEN TREHENPECK. Red Lion Hotel, Mav 17th. J893. 