Saved the Man She Loved. It was a case of phenomenal interest. Two young fellows of good birth, companions since childhood, had set -themselves to earn fame and fortune, or the latter at least, in their native place-Albert Musgrave as an artist, Herbert Cadson as a doctor. Their love for each other was brotherly ; yet love proved the gulf which separated tbem. Both had been fascinated with the charms of a sunny-haired, bright-eyed laugh- ing picture of beauty. One morning people were horrified with the reporc of murder. Musgrave had been shot in his studio. A revolver was found on the table a few inches from the dead body. The bullet, which after passing through his head had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly fitted the chamber and was precisely similar to the others which the revolver contained. Both revolver and cartridges were proved to hare been bought by Cadson within twenty four hours of the crime. He was known to have been at the house.at the.time of the murder, as nearly as possible. The general evidence against him was so overwhelming there could be no doubt of the issue. The prisoner had condemned himself by his own admissions, yet he emphatically asserted hiß innocence. The eventful day of the trial came. The breathless bush of suspense waa oppressive. Presently a door opened. Twelve men solemnly took their seats. " Guilty, or not guilty ?" " Guilty !" A piercing shriek, awful from its burden of agony, rang through the court. Edna's unconBciouB form was borne out. For the first time the prisoner quailed. Throughout the trial he had behaved with almost callous coolness. The death sentence waa passed, the judge being scarcely audible amidst women's soba. One person /alone seemed unaffected. With the quiet demeanour ot a hero, Herbert folded his arma to receive his doom without a quiver. Mr. Carter, Herbert's solicitor, was dis- turbed in his office by a young ladv whom he at first failed to recognize as Edna. Her haggard face, large eyes, looked larger from their shrunken sockets, the fierce, determined expression of her face, made the old lawyer betray his surprise in spite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago ? She had aged years. He invited her to a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. " To free Herbert Cadson. He is innocent, and I bare discovered the culprit." The lawyer looked at her, but did not speak. " Perhaps you think me mad. Well, I have been not far from it. While you men have pitied and wondered, I, a weak woman, have worked." " Have you any evidence of your state- ' ment ?" " Ample. The murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert. He wore a pair of old goloshes with a cut across the left sole. Herbert never possessed such things. On that night he wore a light suit ; the other fellow wore a dark tweed euit, with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight, and cheaper." " How in the name of all that is rational did you learn all this ?" "Thereby hangs my tale. I believed Herhert to be innocent. Common sense told me crime always leaves a trace for those who hava eyes to see. " No one erer sought. They were satisfied with superficial appearances. Knowing the landlord, I obtained permission to see the house. I searched for hours without success. I was yielding to despair, and wandered into the back garden. "Suddenly Fido capered about me with something in his mouth. It was a handker- chief . I took it. A glance made my heart stop-bloodstains. I examined that hand- kerchief as a forlorn digger would gold dost, " It was a woman's. It was marked ' P.H., No. 4.' I recognised it, and knew the owner. I smelt it. What a peculiar scent! I renewed my search with vigour. " It was erident the criminal had escaped by the back way. Reviving hope fired me. Inch by inch I scrutinised doors, walls, win- dows, anything and everything, large and small. For three days I hunted unceasingly. " My total discoveries were some threads of cloth torn off while squeezing through a small window, bloodstains on the sash arising from a cut wits a rusty nail in the wood, footprints on the ground beneath the window. " The ground was soft enough to receive an impression. Very close examination revealed a peculiar imprint with a cut across. Au inspiration dawned on me- goloshes ! " From the"»î links how should I form a chain ? First, the handkerchief. I went to Laycock's, the chemist. He ransacked bia shop, but could not find me scent a like it. I shot an arrow at a venture. " ' You sold some to Miss Harvey, I think.' " ' Oh, yeB, I know now, I got that especi- ally for her. I am sorry I have none left.' " I reeled out of the shop. I was on the track. ' P. H.' wbb Priscilla Harvey's in- itials ; this wa« her handkerchief. " I went straight to her house. During my stay I feigned having lost my handkerchief. She lent me the exact counterpart of the one I had found, save that it was marked 'No. 7.' " I twitted her that I knew she was in the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentle- men. She laughed and blushed. I bantered her into confession. She had never lent but one. " She told me to wbom. I involuntarily jumped from my chair, but had enough self control to recover myself, pretending I had assumed astonishment. "Now I had fairly ran down my game. How should I get into his house P Providence aided me. I knew his landlady well-a garrulous old dame. " By dint of coaxing and prenents, I in- duced the old dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was tamed. Then I made her my confidante. " I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers without his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I knew he had a pa*r of goloshes somewhere. " Buriad in a corner of the wardrobe, I found a pair. I turned them np. There was a cut across the sole of the left foot. I trembled io violently, I nearly let them fall. " I took them to Musgrave's house ; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by the chemist, who says they aro identical. " I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and the date of purchase. But one thing remains undone. "I swore I saw Herbert three minutes after the murder close to the back of the house. As Herbert is dark and the culprit light, be must have disguised himself-which proved design. " A local hairdresser aaya he lent the same man some wí¡>b, whiskers, etc., for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals bave taken place, while he had them before and returned them after the date of the murder, so that they were in his possession then." "Yon astound me, a girl like you, with such astuteness. It passes my comprehen- sion." " Don't you think I have good grounds for his arrest ?" " Certainly. Who is he ?" '. Mr. Satley, the curate." Mr. Carter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police putting all details into his possession. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr. Car- ter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy face. " It is all over, Mr. Carter." " What, has he confessed ?" " Yes, in words and action. I was going up to Mr. Satley's house when I saw him coming. He waa in a great hurry, carrying a portmanteau. " Well, I followed him. As I expected, he went to the railway station. I touched bim and advised him not to bay a tieket, as he would waste his money. He turned paler than Hamlet's ghost. '"God help me! I waa mad; it was all | for ber,' he said, in a quivering voice. ' Please do not handcuff me,' he implored. " ' Very well, Mr. Satley,' I replied. " Just then the shriek of an expresa whistle made me Btart. He dropped his bag and dashed across the platform, I after him. " He won the race ; I lost a prisoner. He jumped clean on to the engine, which hurled hi« off like a football, over and over. His I body ia lying at the mortuary now." 