Parson Joel. * The California*! gold fever was at its height when the crowd of fortune seekers, excited by the prospect of immediate gain, rushed to the banks of the Bangalong. We—that is, Jack Pettit and I — had fol lowed the gold away ap the river for long, 'Weary miles, sometimes in company, often alone, occasionally ending dust, bat more frequently digging from sunrise until sun set without seeing a apeck. In common ?with thousands of adventurers who were is a similar plight, we were mocked by the tickle jade fortune. The most incomprehensible thing about it all was that there seemed to be some party forever in advance of ub ; for, although tne banks of the river were un disturbed, toe water came down from the hills laden with mnd, which, was easily recognisable by a miner's eye. It was only after a long, tedious tramp, with heavy hearts and ever-lightening pockets, that we came upon the advance party. They welcomed us with what grace they could, which was not much ; but our arrival mattered little, for others quickly came along our trail, now in companies and again singly, until there were fully 60 jrold . seekers of almost as many nationalities upon the ground. All of these remained, not one went further. There was no need, for the bed of the gold had been dis covered. 'Within the space of a square mile or eo, thereabout, lay enough of the precious metal to have enriched a thousand miners beyond the dreams of avarice. The camp was pitched on the bank of the river, which, under the scorching of the summer sun, had dwindled down to a mere freshet. There was none too much n -fcer obtainable for the requirements of gold-washing; it was rapidly becoming too precious a commodity to be recklessly employed as a beverage — a r«»ult which gladdened the heart of Bert To^uc, the barkeeper, who, with the keenness of a vulture for scenting out carcasses, had fol lowed promptly upon the heels o£ the thirsty miners and adventurers. The scenery was impressive and awe inspiring, bleak, barren, yet priceless quartz reefs roee in long undulating waves of stone, like a petrified ocean, on every side. Beyond these lav the brush and scrub, interspersed here and there with, clumps of- pine, while farther away still a long range of low, naked hills stretched along the sky line until they were lost in mist. Those hills enjoyed an evil reputation an resorts of bands of redskins, who had cut off more than one prospecting party, and of prairie pirates and road agents, who were even more merciless than they. In one thing both were cordially agreed ; their hands were against the miners, and equally the miners scored against them on every possible opportunity. These fellows served one useful purpose, for the fear and dread of them caused us to keep to gether 5 as to have fallen into their hands would have been certain death. One evening, when the . cradleB were bnsily rocking and the dippers flashing, a stranger rode into the camp. His jaded nag wa-- nearl\ travel-spent ; its tongue lolltd limply out of its mouth, the great ears Hopped loosely over tbe bleared, blood shot eyes, and its withers were badly wrontr. Nor wa-* the appearance of the rider more attractive- He was an under sized, t-in, red- haired man ; and, as he eat there upon ills sorry steed, almost spent with fatigue and hunger, he looked the The arrival of a stranger was too com mon an ©Vf nt to attract attention im a camp where the collection of glittering wealth was the one serious business of life. There fore no one »poke to or even noticed the newcomer, who, after looking slowly around, as if to take in all the bearings, rode up to Togue's bar. Having climbed down and hitched up his nag, the stranger entered the large shanty in search of that provision for man and beast which it was the barkeeper's proud privilege to dispense and that of his customers to pay for. Later in the evenimr when digging was Snded and the everlasting damper had been disposed of, the boys assembled beneath Togue's hospitable rooftree for tbe accus tomed drink and fun. The red-haired ar rival was present, keeping unobtrusively in the background. He had no kit with him, nor anything to indicate that he was A prospector, althougn his travel-stained appearance and the freedom with which he spent his cash showed that he was familiar with the customs of mining life. In one of tne lulls of conversation he spoke. His voice sounded soft and low * like a woman's, but its sweet and perfectly modulated tones penetrated through ' the long bar. It was Ions: sinpe any of us had \- listened to such a silver strain. Words pure as the notes of English songbirds and un rallied by ribaldry or blasphemy were all too scarce and strange on the Bang alontr, or enywhera else in California, - ? «» Who d'ye s'pose he is, mate?' Don't know. One o' them Frisco chapB, may be. P'r'aps a sneak a-spying out the n&kedness; of the land.' ' The speaker laughed at his own sally of ?wit. Speculation was cut ebort almost at once. Tbe little red- haired man, turning to us, eaid civilly enough with a slight tremor in hie voice— -' Boys, I am a missionary, and have been sent here that I may look after the interests of those who have left fathers and mothers behind in the old Eastern States.' The speech was greeted 'with derisive laughter. ' A parson !' Taking no notice of the interruption, except that his cheek reddened a little, he continued— ' You will find me a. &iend.; By permis sion of the keeper of this saloon there will be preaching here next Sunday after noon ; and I mean to practice that which I preach.' A hum of excited voices now drowned the speaker's -words. When it ceased he had gone. - Judging from the conversation which followed it seemed probable that the par son, if ne should attempt to carry out his intention, would encounter a livelr oppo sition ; the camp «.ot being an assembly of saints, not even latter-day ones. , But something occurred that night which entirely altered the situation. A sharp spoken by Togue's son to a rough Yankee led to a rapid unmuzzling of ' buldogs,' with the result that the bar keeper's son, ww o was a general favorite, was shot through the shoulder. . Camp opinion ran high against the per petrator, who was even threatened with lynching. When the tumult was at its highest the parBon came back and quickly made Him self master of the condition of affairs. ' Hold, unhallowed men,' he exclaimed, in those low, earnest tones of his, ' w»uld you add sin to sin P Let this man go, and your forgiveness shall be hie greatest punishment. ' ' Stand aside, mister ; this ain't no time for preaching ; v?e air on business here.' ' I will not. Who among you has a^ right to take away a life which he cannot restore ? ' A voice in the rear of the crowd rejoined — ' I guess, stranger, we hev. And we air going, too.' A rough-looking man, who was to all appearances a leader in this roughly constituted court of justice, now interposed. He said — ' Too mean well, stranger, no doubt ; but you air out of place here. Take my advice and make yourself scarce, for you can't do good and you may do harm. Jake here has got to die ; we says it. 'Tisn't the first time he has been too handy with his shooting-iron, but it's got to be the last. Eh, boys?' ' But I tell you, men, you will commit murder.' ' Go, parson, and don't meddle with what doesn't concern you. What axe we vigilante for ?' ' I have a duty, men, to perform, as well as you, and will net be deterred from doing it. 'Sou say you will slay this man. Then hear me ; you will only HH him over mv body.' The miners liked grit, wherever found, and a low murmur of applause greeted this speech, which was to them far more im pressive than any mere plea for mercy could have been. The rough fellows talked to one another, the culprits' guards — per- haps intentionally — relaxed t^eir vigilance, and in the confusion the Yankee disap peared, giving his comrades and would-be executioners time to let their anger cool. Young Togue did not die. The parson, who gave his name as Joel Baldwin, constituted himself the sufferer's nurse, attending to his every want, dress ing his wound and feeding him like a child through the long: days and nights, more tenderly, the grateful old saloon keeper said, than any woman could have done. This act of devotion touched the heart of the camp, which lay deep, but was not dead. When Sunday afternoon came round the congregation was a crowded one. At the very outset of the proceedings the preacher made an important demand upon the goodwill and forbearance of his audience. He commenced by pointing out the danger which attended the mischievous practice of carrying ?hooting-ixons, - en forcing his argument by reference to the critical condition of young Togue. He then further nrged the in appropriateness of these destructive weapons being -rou ht into the house of the Prince of Peace, stated his personal dread of such, and con cluded an earnest appeal by insisting that all who might attend his ministrations Bhould deliver np their -weapons to the saloon keeper on entering. The gaunt miners looked foolishly sheepish, laughed, demurred, and then, when they saw that the man meant what he said, handed over the irons into the cus tody of Bert Togue. Togue took charge of all these, pl-cing them in the box which served as a pulpit, eo that tbe parson trod the carnal weapons under his feet. Several weeks passed and the influence of Parson Joel, as he was f amilarly called, began to effect a marked improvement in the camp. Duels became less frequent, irregularities less pronounced; the weakest found that they had some chance in the battle for life and wealth. Tne Sunday afternoon preaching became an extraordi nary success ; not a man among ue would have missed it upon any consideration, the parson had such a winning way with him. Togue, junior, too, began to improve under the care of his self-constituted nurse. The gold, which yielded heavily both in dust and nuggets, was regularly deposited with a firm of brokers, whose fair dealings inspired their clients -with confidence. Once in every month an armed escort came over from 'Frisco and conveyed the accumulated precious metal to the bank. Parson Joel had been, with us three months, finding plenty of work both in in structing and nursing his rough flock, more than~one member of which it had been his melancholy duty to consign to the aurifer ous dust. During this tune he had increas ingly endeare'd himself to all, so that more than one nugget had been, pressed, upon him for acceptance by rough fellows who could conceive of ,no other means of shewing their jiratitp.de. These were invariably de clined with the remarkthat he had enough for his personal needs, and sought not theirs, but them. All this increased Parson Joel's reputa tion for goodness; he became idolised of alL About - this time tbe pirates of the prairie became increasingly daring, and there were rumors that a band of them had allied with the road agents, forming a camp in the hills, under the leadership of a daring female named Bess, whom they had constituted their queen. The rumor acquired force from the fact that a man who had recently joined us was found shot dead in the scrub. This occurrence served to make us in* creasingly careful ; but no one apprehended serious trouble, such as an attack upon the camp, which at this time numbered 100 souls ail told— men whose hands could keep their beads. The month was drawing to a close. The Saturday night saw the last* bag of dust deposited, and tbe honest brokers retired, holding fully 75,000dol worth of the miners' property, which would, all being well, be en route for Frisco on the follow ing Monday. On Sunday morning the honest, quiet £roing miners remained reading or smoking n their shanties, or wanderiusr aimleeslv down the gully, while the rougher sort scattered around among the various bars w^ich had sprung up. When the hour of service struck every one, except the brokers and young Togue, w&o;, with the willing consent of Parson Joel, had gone for a stroll, was in his place. Togue, although vastly improved, was still weak, and needed, so the person said, all the fresh air he could tret. There was no lack r-£ it in the vicinity of the camp. In accordance with Parson Joel's custom all the firearms were collected and de posited in the depths of the extemporised pulpit before the service began, so that during worship he mounted guard over them. The opening hymn being ooncluded, the parson le-t in prayer. At the moment when the attention of all was absorbed in this exercise a shot waa fired outside, and the sounds of a scuffle, followed by a wild ory for help, were heard proceeding from the direction of the gold office. 1 he miners, like a famished lion aroused from his lair, sprang to t eir feet, only to find themselves face to face with two tall, masked men, who had qui- tly and unob eervedly entered the building. These, pre seuting their revolvers, thundered — ' Hands up ! the first of you who moves is a dead man.' The situation became clear. The camp was attacked, and those who should have been its defenders had been rendered defenceless by their own action. One possible chance of escape remained open. There was a door behind the preacher, who had remained a quiet, unmoved spectator of the proceedings. If this could be gained the attack might yet be beaten off and the gold saved. Those of ue who were farthest removed from the robbers made a partial movement toward the door. Bat this was quickly checked, for as we gathered ourselves for a rush, the meek and gentle attitude of Par son Joel underwent a complete and terrible change. The man's slight form dilated, his usually mild eyes flashed fire and his coun tenance became so altered as to be scarcely recognisable. With a movement which was almost quicker than all light he whipped out a brace of Colt's revolvers from some secret pocket, and with the skill of a practised marksman, he, who feared the very sight of a pistol, covered the con gregration in front as completely as the two strangers had done in the rear. We were checkmated completely, The game ec boldly played was won. The helpleaB diggers, chafing under the indignity which was even less patiently to be borne than the threatened loss, sat down strain, anticipating only too well the course which events would take. Our chagrin was not lessened when Par son Joel, without the ghost of a smile upon his face, said — *' Friends, adversity comes sooner or later to us all, in order that we may learn how to practice as well as preach. You are all witnesses that I have frequently be sought you not to put your trust in riches, which make to themselves wings and fly away.' He had scarcely ceased speaking when a peculiar cry— the yelp of the coyote — was heard in the distance. This was evidently the signal for which the marauders had been waiting, for Par son Joel bowed ironically, and, kicking open the door behind him, immediately disaDDPared. The other two similarlr vanished. The miners, like a troop of schoolboys, or a ganu; of released convicts, tumbled pell-mell into the open ; but they were too late. The sound of rapidly retreating horse hoofs intimated the flight of the robbers. There was no doubt of tbe direction which they had taken, for one of the fugitives was still full in view. So far from urging his horse to its greatest pace, he seemed rather to check it ; designing, perhaps, to aid the escape of the rest of ihe gang. In his flight be had the hardihood to turn and wave bis hand to the discomfited miners. These saw at a glance tne extent of the mischief. The gold store had been rifled. Its single defender lay dead in his own I doorway, shot through the heart. The I other broker had fled. With a wild cry for vengeance, we turned j and snatched such weapons as were con venient, then, throwing ourselveB upon our horses, dashed away in swift, relentless pursuit. The fugitive evidently observed this, for, putting his steed to its fullest stretch of speed, he rode recklessly over every impediment, and his retreat appeared secured, for he distanced the f oramost of us at every stride. In another quarter of a mile he would have gained tht shelter of the ranker scrub, where pursuit would have been hopeless ; but before he could do so a puff of smoke floated out over a distant reef: this was followed by the report of a rifle, which reached our ears as we saw the galloping horse stumble, throwing the rider heavily over its head. A man — it was young Togue — came leisurely across the rocks, carrying a still smoking rifle in his hand. He was making directly for the scene of the catastrophe, but some of the riders reached the spot almost as quickly as he. The aim had been true. The horse, a magnificent sorrel, lay dead in its tracks 10 yards behind its 'hapless rider, who was bruised out of all semblance to humanity. A coarse red wig had fallen from his head, and a rich wealth of blood-draggled, tangled golden hair trailed out over, the stones. - Young Togue stopped, wiped his weapon, and coolly remarked — - , ' I thought something had gone wrong, that's why I fired. Sorry I wiped the fellow out, though.' ' By the jumping Jehoshaphat, if s our Parson Joel j anyway it's all that's left of him,' murmured some one. Togue stepped forward, a light of recog nition flashed into his eyes, and he fell upon his knees, tearing away the rough coat in his frenzied endeavor to discover whether the heart had ceased to beat. He had scarcely* done this when he sprang to his feet, with 'consternation depicted on his face, cryincr, ' Boys, by all the powers, it is a -woman!' We were still standing, baffled and angry, around the corpse, when a band of horsemen dashed up at a band gallop. As I the leader sprang from his horse he half j pushed, kalf dragged a villainous-looking ruffian to the front. ?? Here, you honest fellows,' he called out im tones of command, ' do any of you know this rapparee scoundrel P We caught him. galooting around three miles below, and as he couldn't give a good account of himself, took the liberty of bringing him 1 alomr with us.' ? A dozen men sprang forward to look into tbe Captive's face as he glared de I fiantly, daring them to do their worst, and j he read death in their eyes. Then the fellow's gaze fell upon Parson Joel. In a moment the strong man was bowed with anguish, his fortitude forsook him, he foil upon his knees, gently raised the battered head in Ms yriniy hands and, passionately kissing the pallid brow, wailed — ?« Oh, Bass! Bess! Good heaven!' Then we all knew that Joel Baldwin, parson, sick-nurse, trusted friend and gold robber, was none other than Bess, the noto riorious queen of the pirates of th« prairie and the villainous road agents, who had for so long been the scourge of California. For one brief moment afterward we felt sad at heart. — All the Yeah Round. 