WOMEN’S CHRISTIAN TEM PERANCE UNION. [I3y the Secretary.] A very pleasant social meeting was held in the Wesleyan Church on Friday afternoon July 2Stb, that being the date fixed on for special effort to increase our numbers all over the world. We had a large attendance of members and ladies from Lancaster and Timmcring. Our meeting opened by sing ing “ Rescue the Perishing ” followed by bible-reading and prayers by members. Our president, .Mrs Bishop., being in the chair, gave a very instructive address, explaining the objects of our Union and the different branches of work taken up, explaining, as woman was the greatest sufferer through the dreadful curse of intemperance, we ought to all bind ouioelvcs that others may be free. Next came Mr M'Queen witn a very pleas ing and encouraging address on Christian Temperance work; he stated he was very pleased to see that we were all working, ‘as work will bring its own reward, especially when we can confidently ask God’s blessing and guidance upon it. Mr Taylor, who is always ready to help in all that is great and o-ood, then gave us every encouragement to o-o on in ihc work, believing that we will yet win the day, ami put down the dreadful sin of intemperance, which is the ruin of thousands of out dear young people to-day. Our visitor, Mr Lewis, also spoke some very kind words, stating how pleased he was to be present to speak a word of cheer to Christians. He gave some very touching incidents relating to the ruin of thousands of dear girls in the city through the first n-lass. Having laboured in the mission work he knew much of the misery brought to many a home through the drink. Mrs John Watson gave a very nice recitation bearing on the origin of the W.C.T.U.. in her usual pleasing style. A letter read by the sec retary explained (lie object of the meeting, and as members were observing last week as a week of self-denial and special effort the offerings were taken up, the amount bc-ing LI Os, which will go to help on the Aus tralian work. The meeting closed by sing ing the temperance doxology— Praise God irorn whom all blessings flow, Praise him who heals the drunkard’s woe. Praise him who leads the temperance host, • Praise Father. Son and Holy Ghost 