"IIOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION 1" Now, which is the worse-to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," That is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals But most of.us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, be cause, short of the starvation like a hungry man is a healthy man; wheresn a man who ought to eat and dosen't feel like eating, stands in need of ' alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. Lie says, " In the year 1SS9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing waE like another, and none was good. By tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. ly breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains thiough the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten any thing. 1 hen I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wander that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was to severe that the sweat rolled off hit. "I dreaded," he says, "the though of eating, and many a scanty mtal have I madle, for I was afraid to eat. "After a time l got intro a blow, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he meant by the fear of " something going to happen" is, of course, tilhe fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of the blood (the life boearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imtagiiation. S'ith great dificulty," he says, "I stuck to tiny work, for 1 had a wife and family depending on me. So Istruggled on, but what t suffered for over two years is Fast my powers of desuriptiou. I am sure no one has sutlted sa much as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain in one's own, and is always harder to bear tbau is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. lItre is a couut. less multitude who are all the white going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him Where it found him he chanced to read i:, a book a coe exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wite," he says, "got te a bottle at Mr. Longstall'e, in \Votlel.ford, an. after using its contents tIe ailment left me and has ureur returned since that footunato a. I should like tthe whole sorld to nbot what It did far me. I hate he-" em, loyed by the Midland Rail"wa'- Company for eleven years. (Signed) "OiEonce HUyr, "Car Bottom Road, "Apperley Bridge, near, Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, sn order that part of the world at teast may Sknow how tlaukfal he is and for what reason. 