A GHOST OE^Ell&S;^ -""Sir Robert Lisbarn and his wife were not particularly silly, as newly married ^npleSjgo^,, Jlor,.one,thingj cSir.. Bobert. was ithirty "something ; "and when you ate 1 jthirty somethingH ferayity comes. But 8ie was very much ;in love with his .younjg wifei; He hMdfletherloutQf the family omnibas carefully; and the very preteieat ankle and.*; the tiniest shoe peepfed out for a moment as shb Stepped down before one of fthe big hotels on ^Trafalgar square^ .. : As she tripped up the broad, carpeted scairi to her room, there was a look of great happineBs in her eyes. " f. : is my dear girliquite happy ? 3aid Sir "Robert. '.'"'"'' ! ' ' - Young. Lady Lisburni (she ; was tall and . ipleasant looking) turned to him . '-'-Yb , ar ; 'dear gi'tl,'' she 6aidr i "has''bad lier Worries iii her life. She had one big worry.",! ... „ " How big ? " ; Laidy "LiBbarh widened -her 'arms-to giTe an ide»;of the size. ~ : " But it's all over now, and I am very happy, Robert."' "PerHaps,' ! ' Baid he, "perhaps the dear girl' will* fell toe ; all about it sbme day." • . " She may—some day," said the young'bride, : flushing; " Just now she is -so contented that she doesn't want etenito think about •it." The next morning : they went; off to the Engadine. It' was two months later i when they returned, trunks and portmanteaus plastered all over with Bquare and circular rlabels-^-Hotel Belle- vue, and Hotel Beau Rivage, and a lot of others. J Both Sir Robert and Lady Lisburn looked very jolly and-well.. . .. There were letters waiting for Lady Lisburn. She read them in her bedroom. As she saw the writing on "one of the envelopes, she grew red and then very white. rShe perused the letter a^ and again, with hands trembling and a face that locked into • the mirror with a frightened look. Then she turned off the electric light and eank on her knees and sobbed. • They stayed, in town for some days They drove out a good deal, visiting; but' young Lady Lisburn looked ill, and out.of- sorts;-arid."scarcely-'Bpoke to her husband. . He seemed to be repelled by her ; coldness. Once or twice she tried to rouae-herself ; but the look of worry quickly came back, and her husband, placid and even as he was, could not help ifeeling disturbed. One evening, in the latter part of. the week, Lady Lisburn was sitting at -the open; window of their room, her face resting on; her ;hand, looking out into the square and seeing nothing. A> page entered with a foreign message; She opened it, read the typewritten words, and crumpled quickly the sheet in -her hand-as Sir Robert came tf I want to aay something to you, Robert," she said in a shaky voice. -He came over to her. "I want to go-away from you for a few weeks." " A, few weeks 7" he repeated blankly. " A few weeks. Unless you want me to 'be a miserable woman all my life; you must let me-do this; Let me go.; and whpn I come back I shall be quite jolly, and I shall jove you more than ever/ and we—" v. My dear,'' said' Sir Robert, '' you are perfectly unreasonable! 'You are not yourself—" " Unfortunately I am,"'interposed the young wife, sadly. " Or you wouldn't dream of proposing such, a preposterous -thing. - Kow, love, :just you go to bed early to-night and have a good rest, and :you "will be all right in , the morning." If you don't let me. go,. Robert, I ishall never, be 1 able to rest again. ; I shall be nothing but a curse to you and a misery to myself for all my life. Do let me go." _ My .dear -love" said' Sir-Robert, rising with a - very decided' airj " if yon absolutely refuse to ..tell -me the • motive for your disappearance, I -absolutely refuse! to let ;you go;" Then I—then- I must go without your, permission." She said this without defiance and in; the humblest way. \- Sir Robert went downstairs and stood 1 at the hotel door for a few minutes, smoking, his cigar rathar quickly. Then he.. turned - and went: to the .telephone oom and looked in the book and rang up. - "Lady Lisburn, white and set of facej returned to. her room and prepared , for her journey, ; _ It was a surpriso to Sir Robert to find in .the hall; not' len minutes latery the m^n for whom he had "telephoned. He was a burly, scarlet-faced man,.and .hegave his card to Sir-Robert with.>an; awkward;:fatbow. "Thomas Bester, Fayre, Sweever and Company, Inquiry Agents." " " Come into this -room,,-Mr—Mr Bester;" • • ; :Mr-Bester-'wiped-his boots' with particular care." "f"Siou!d ' .like. something to drink, perhaps 1'» Mr Bester pulled his- waistcoat "down - and; coughed slightly; and said that he didn't kno.^ qs a drop; of whisky would •do him any particular harm. At any rate, iwsaid (he said this with the air of a - man -prepared for any experiment ...in.the interests:of science) he'd try. Sir Robert ordered a large whisky, and-gave instructions thatrhe was to be told when^ My ^Lisburn'. left' the 'hotel. We nded not hurry- until that hap- pens," sai^'S ir Robert. • He explained tOsMr,.Bester-what- was ; required. • There .was 'to be no fuss, insisted ;Sir* Robert; andmo -interference.' All that -Hester, had to do was to follow -Lady LisWrn, and if she was . in any fdanger-io/wire fiwifinbert at once,, andhimself iake Such steps as he might think were jSeeessary. "That's the way," said Mr Bester, •with approbation ; f.'take, things - calmly^ •Much-better in sthe-long run/ ought to know. I've been at it in the Yard and ouf; of 'the Yard thirty year come: next Febu'&ry; " "I suppose tyou have bad some -interesting c&ses; to deal with," remarked Sir! Rpbert, politely. _ Mr' Bester stood , up'iand looked at himself-in,the .mirror for a moment, and .thereat down again heavily. • : : ' ' f The m'ost interesting," he said, "are them that nobody, don't deal with." - •' /tytr,tester, took another sip. -from lis tuipbleh and esBayed to rest one : kn6e on the 1 other,"but -found the position' for a { eendeavor. " Look here, Sir Robert," said Mr Bester, "here's a case in point. Juat what you may call a little incident. This," taking a mx m»tsh torn tie box :,md sticking it upright on the tabln, "this is Mr Bertie Ellenborough ; and this," taking another and sticking u upright, " this is Miss—Miss Whatshername. Really, I forgit the name, However,'thatdon'tin titter;"-- - The dOor opened softly, Dut neither of the men noticed it, .-. " Very well, then. Few -years -ago Mr Bertie ' Ellensborough (that's thii one) knows "Miss Wliatshername (that's this one) .;; and .she loves him and writes him -warm,; rapturous letters'—letters that she -would be ashamed now to read or for anybody else to' read. Still, a good girl, mind-you. Mr. Bertie tjomes up to town, forgets her, ;goes to the :bad, slips himself off to America and gets worse and worse. He becomes hard up, and what: does he do,, then, 'but blackmail Miss: Whatshername." "Mean rascal 1" exclaimed Sii 1 Robert, heartily. " Blackmails her. I happens to go out to trace a chap,-and I -meets. Mr Bertie in a bar, and he tells me all about it." '-' Ought to be hanged! " -. remarked Sir Robert. " But that isn't the wor3t. I telle him for a lark that I'm a bit of a scamp myself, and brags a bit ,; and. then Mi- Bertie goes one better, : a,nd-assures me that he burned those letters long ago, and be was only pretending he'd still got them. That beats anything, don't it ? There a scamps for , you ! Making regular income out of it, too." Girl married* I wonder ? " " So 1 understand," said Mr Bester. " Poor - girlj "• said Sir Robert; " wonder who her husband is 1'' " Sir Robert! " said a voice. Tiey bad n0t turned on the light, and the room was -growing dark. " My love ? " -he said. " They told me yon wanted to see me," said Lady Lisburn; " and, my. dear, I'm —I'm not going. I could not have known what I was talking about just now." " My dear heart! " exclaimed Sir' Robert, delightedly. " Tell me what it was that was worrying you ? " " Why, absolutely nothing," answeredhis wife, decidedly; "there was no; excuse for it." Tbey. took fiach other's hands. " Shall I look in again, Sir Robert ? " said Mr Bester, respectfully. He had been standing aside, and pretending, with excellent savoir faire, to look out of the window. " Oh, I beg pardon, Bester • " said Sir Robert. " No, you needn't look ii again. I'll send your people a chequi for your trouble. 