Story Column. at?' HOW jmas PUBLISHED. J THROUGH THICK AKD THIN. » qiiEMENTINE MONTAGU, Antoor of " For Lovo and Famo," " My Wifo . or His," Leonora's Logaoy," &t.;, &o.; . The Queensland rights of this story have been purchased by the Telegraph Newspaper Company from Cassell and' Company, London and Mel bourne 'i 5 CHAPTER XXXII.— (Continued.) ' You boo, I thought I'd been seoing Mb gh6st, 'heeaicl, ' and I didn't just see what to do about it, so I went to the lawyer here, and. ho went with me to the place, and we saw him, and it wasn't hia ghfast bnt himself, and he has been bad, and fbrgotteh all about it--do'esh't know he ever belonged to the brigade, and— and that's all. I think, ain't it, sir P' 'I think so,' said Mr. L/nn, mnoh amused, and then in a few olear words he explained the state of their late oomrade, ana how he wanted to bring him amongst them once more. 'It iafi blessing to know thatthere was a "mistake,' he said, 1 and I hope in time that all will como right, but you must not be surprised to find that he has no know ledge of any of yon. The hurt he re ceived has taken away Ids memory only '.foretime, I hope.' 'I hope it is only for a time, sir,' Frank Ilfordsaid. ' I should ho sorry if lie did not come to remember me; we were always good friends.' ' We were all good friends with him,' ..said another; and Mr. Lynn went aw&y;, feeling touohed beyond measure at the -kindness these men Bhowed to his rescued hoy. He found Erio anxiously waiting for him; more restless than he had ever been, Dr. Eames said. Something had ovi- .-'dently been stirred in his njiud by the arrival of his old friend. He seemed ..desirous of seeing everything he could, and during the drive through the streets looked about him like a man waking out of a dream. ' What is' it ?' Mr. Lynn asked him at length, alter he had watched his puzzled face for some time. . ' I don't know ; something about that "place we have just passed, I think. I was never there, but ' He stopped and looked at the lawyer as if for help. They wero driving post the place that had been burnt — the spot where he had so nearly met his death. Some Htigatioa had arisen about it, and the ruin still stood grim and gaunt, \- ;boarded round to prevent accident, but ..otherwise untouched. -. It is a place where there was afire.' Mr. Lynn replied. ' A curious thing happened in connection with it.' .'Indeed! What?' 4 A' man was taken out of the ruins . dead, and buried in mistake for someone else. The real man has turned up alive ; who was buried we do not know yet.' Eric Westorer said nothing, hut he knit his brows as if in thought, and the lawyer heard him say to himself, ' A fire! . What fire?' Memory was waking. Would it wake : to any purpose ? ' I have some friends to Bee here, my . boy,' -Mr. Lynn said, as they reached the . fire-station ; 1 friends of yours, too.' « . ' QP 22nino ? ' 'Yes, oH the firemen. One of them I was with me at your plaoe lost night ; you had forgotten him perhaps ; his name is Rutley.' The name produced no effect, but Erie stared round him with knitted brows as he entered the place, and greeted the men who crowded round him with politeness, if surprise. Mr. Lynn would not let the interview be too long, andthe men played their parts to perfection. They talked to . their restored oomrade as if he had never been away, and suppressed all wonder as far as words went. Frank Ilford went \- out to the carriage \$th them, and there were tears in his eyes as he spoke of his friend. ' Will he ever be right again, sir ? ' he asked. 'With heaven's help — yea,' was the instant answer. ' I o&n; see signs of it . now ; you nil recognise him ?' 'Every one of us, sir. We should have known him anywhere; it's our old chum sure enough. You wfll bring him baok again before you take him away ?' 'He will come himself,' said the.lawyer cheerily. ' He will be Richard Dent again in a very little while.' ' They had a very silent drive baok to tbe heights. Mr. Lynn would not talk ; he bbw there was a conflict going on in his companion's mind, and he was afraid of pressing the new subjeot too much upon him. The awakening that' Dr. Eames had prophesied must come in its own way. It the doctor had had the slightest clue he would have tried the . same experiment before, but the blank was so complete that he had never \- dreamed of looking amongst the firemen for a solution of tho mystery of his patient's identity. . When they arrived at ..the house Erio Westover was very silent, and, after a very short time, went away ,to his own room. '.I am. so oddly tired,', he said. .'My ' head is tired. I should .like to be by myself for a little whits.' . .. ' See here,' thelawyer said, giving him a folded paper. I have written down something for you to read ; don't try if \- your head acheB ; leave it alone - till to morrow.', 'Perhaps you had better leave him with me till to-morrow,' Dr. Eames said, as the young man went away. 'Per- haps perfeot quiet, and the study of those Barnes, wiU do more than any more talking.' When the doctor's patient shut himself in his room, he found a fireman's coat neatly folded on a ohair, and a helmet . laid upon it, and a belt and hatohet ready \- to hand ; and on tho written paper was a String of names and a few dearly written memoranda. What his thoughts wore through that night; how the glimmer of light that had broken through the clouds daring their drive grew stronger and brighter, no one but-himself can tell; but when Mr. Lynn was taken to Mb room in the morning, and left alone with him, he burnt into a passion of tears, and olaBjp.ed his old friend's hand with a recognising grip. 'Where is she?' he sobbed. 'Tell me of her, my darling ; does she think me dead, too; did they send her my ring? ' . CHAPTER XXXIII. , News. Tredenach had been looking its best in the early spring sunshine, when Mr. Lynn left it to go to Canada, and the; hot summer days were at their .height, find there had been so far no sign of his coming baok. His olientB in town were obliged to put up with the ministrations of his younger and more energetio partner, Mr. Theobald, and it was only a few of the older and more conservative of them that grumbled. He had not been Without news from his friends ; ho had heard of all that had befallen " Miss Roberts," and smiled to himself as he thought how he had guessed all along who she was. and how he could hnve set Sir Pattl Chesney on the right track had he so choBen. . 'It was a mSfoiful thing to free her from that scamp,' he said to himself. ' The littlo experienoe has done her -ho harm, and her future will he all the brighter lor the little spell of hard Work and self-relianoo. It is all fair before her now.' From Tredenaoh he had heard direct. Lady Winifred had written to' him— a letter whioh surprised him by its oorreot phraseology apd neat,, if peculiar, pen manship. It was only asking him a question on her mother's aooount, but she added a very pertiftent question—' What is keepinjg you sd lohg in Oabada ? We all want to sea you. again. It is so dpll since MIsb Rivera went away. We can hardly think of herns Miss Rivera, but we shall always love her the same, what ever we have to call her. Mamma . says she was an angel; She has made ub all hotter. Papa is quite different. I think having a. laay about the plaCe made him ashamed of himself. He is Writing by this mail, too. He wants you heme, he says.' Mr. Lynn laughed as he read the last paragraph. ( 1 1 dare say his lordship does want me hack,' he ruminated. ' There's no money to be got exoept through me. He'll do very well for a bit. It wasa blesseij chance that sent that poor child into his house.' Neitlfer Lady Winifred nor bor father made any allusion to the hopof nl son of the ' house in their correspondence. The fact was that Lord Heath had made himself more than usually obnoxious Binoe the departnre of tho lawyer. Foiled in his approaches to Morion, sternly rebuked by Mr. Lynn when he ventured to beg for money, and foiled in his attempts to raise money on what he considered his absolute right by succession to the fortune that was coming to him, he hod managed to find someone to let him have a sum at tremendous interest, and had betaken . himself to Plymouth, and was leading a life of wild disappation amongst a dis solute and degraded set, with whom oven the worst of the dead- and-gone Westovers would have scorned to asso ciate. His fathor was, Lady Winifred had said, wonderfully altered. It might be that he found things more comfortable when he was civil to his wife, or that he was growing older, and was ceasing to take delight in vulgar pleasures, or there might have been onough of the gentle man left in him to yield to the influenoe of the gentle girl who had wrought euoh a change in his daughter. Whatever caused the change it was there, and there seemed a change for u little ennshmo still in the life of the weary .wife and mother. She was seoretly dreading the demise of the old lady, whose death would give such power to her unnatural son, hut the dread was tempered with thankfulness lor the change in her husband. to bb ootmmrBD zo-xobbow. 