AST INK © CEN T.-.DECEIT: .-. " 'No, I, .shall. never marry.- And don't laugh incredulously, Lottie dearL One needn't be a confirmed old maid in years, nor- 'ngly; ; %or' decrepit, to; have a buried romance whose ghost -would rise to forbid vows of loyalty ' at any pih'er str^ue.^' ' j And, heaving a deep sigli, Glare Ai-den gravely shook her pretty head,-: while tile dark-blue eyes grew- darker with thei'ntcnsity.of the feehSg #hich; had prompted her words- <' . ;It"was small; wonder.tliat her fjaeridsliould;: h ave• greeted 1 hem ' with ; a 1 merry laugh of incredulity,'for^Gla^b: was-passing fair to look upon, with sy complexion pure and . colourless - ag marblej- eyes of Irish blue, and ; hair: black as the raven's'-iving'. V' J As yet the ghastly 'skeleton .had] left 110 outward trace upon either 'face" or form. Nevertheless, 1 Do'ttie" AWn-| strong knew mid loved lier too "••well] not to know those words just uttered; were no jest, but very sorry earnest.: " What Ki-o you talking about,; ..Ciarbf 7 she exclaimed.- I'/Ho.--y.cmi mean to tell me that you are a victim toj 11 n requ i ted lo ve ? Nonsense, ma chere If, through those mischief-making eyes; of vouis, you can by a glance of mdif-: ferencu work such havoc, what would; it be rf they softened with real feoiiiigr- Unlesp, perchance, the man is blind,; and compassion for his infirmity has' won your heart." I. " Don't jest, Lottie. The man is': neither blind nor deaf to others : both to me, for he has never seen nor spoken to me siucc I was live years' old." " Never seeu nor spoken to you echoed her friend, in incredulous amaze. " And 3 r ou have loved him, since your babyhood.'' " Listen, and I will tell you all about it. Our friendship is too close: and warm to withhold from it my: confidence, and it is due to us both that you should understand all this; secret romauce of my life. " For it is a romance, Lottie, although very sad and very real to me, You have heard me speak of my Aunt Margaret, who married my mother's brother. When she married him she was a widow, with one son. ' Cousin Harry,' I was tauglit t.o call him, though, as you see, he was in reality no relation. "The summer that I was five years old I was spending a month with iny aunt, and cousin Harry was on his leave from Sandhurst. He was then eighteen, and made of me at once a pet and plaything. " Soon after that, it seems some slight family difficulty arose, and I never went there again. But always Cousin Harry wrote to me. " Well, in one letter he discussed this nonsensical quarrel, and determined he, at least, would not he a party to it. But, two years ago, my uncle Reginald died. He had always led Harry to suppose that he was to be his heir. Instead he left his wretched money to me. "This was bad, bat he made it worse by insinuating that the money might yet be Harry's, if he could win; me for his wife. All was arranged: •just then thatl was to pay his mother, a visit, and he was coining home from' India on leave, to see the little cousin; who had been his .boyhood's * l/u.,11.01 BhO! 1. 1ji.uat viA*.rwi>.i:aw,T_ i l-eceivcd a letter from her, without a softening word, but with the bitter reproach that I had schemed to gain my uncle's wealth, and rob her boy of his owu ; but Harry's letter was no less bitter though more just. '"lam glad Clare has the money,' he said, ' for I am a man, and can make my own way in the world; but' certainly I will build it up on no; woman's wealth. My little cousin! was very dear to me as a sister, not, as a wife; but I swear that I will never see or speak to her again until 1 she or I am married. I will neverput myself in the position.of even the! possibility of seeking a woman's lovefor the sake of her money. It : would have been better if my. uncle had- never led me to believe, myself his, heir; but, except for this, and the' almost insulting alternative he leaves open to me, I do not blaine him.' "This was all, Lottie—t.his and his mother's reproaches; hat I was child no longer. I was a woman, and I knew (hat a-hvays in hiy childish and my ^^maii'ii lieart-tliere had -beenone shrine, one hero ! He loved me,"he saidj as a -little sister—I-loved •-him with the one passion nf my life. 'This was two years ago. I knew him too well to try 'to- change ' his purpose _ hut 1 have sometimes thought that perhaps—perha'ps ; iHie had seen me, if we had been thrown together, all might Ji'ave'begn different.. VBiit you; know now, Lottie, why I shall n^-ver marry -" A chance for you,,. Clare ! " cried Miss Armstrong, a,week after the con versation ]ust recorded had taken place. And as she spoke she waved " The Times " over her.,head. " What do yoii mean,?: " -said Glare.i _" A chance for you to meet-this in-, vincible cousin,--md lie be none the wiser," explained'her••friend;"'"Listen to this :— WANTED.—A companion and maid to an invalid lady.' Someone; willing; and lefined. Address M. 32, Thoiburn House, Arlington, Kent "'M. E.'-i Those are yomv alint' initials,'and surely Phave heai d you! mention T-hoibuin House,' , JNow I think you will fill all these qualifications, and leally my dear, to a ^yomigr lady of your income, the salary •jyould' Tje a decided object" ^ , t But Clare did not echo "the Jaug] -flinch fimshed^this speech_ , /j: l "It is Aunt Margaret/' she^said* slowly,ij" and though you aret-jesfm Lottie, I think I wi]l 'make .the rjjest very cunest OousirL.1Harry is in Tndia still, but I jshouId-alike^ to-go again^jtfie deal, old i place, 1 } eyen in the position of a memal. ^-A'untiMar- 1 garet would never*recognise xne, bnt^ I would try sp^hajd.JgjjnaJfe --herjove me, and if I suceeecled^ I^might'one' day eonfess^o,heiAo^jl To'eliam'ei nerj maid " And-.so it happenedHhat a fortiiiglitj ffir- in TmT-^lfnTiPo" nf :flno< bieedmg could not be disguised by the simple black dicss she had assumed m winch to masquerade her lole. "How came you to take 5uch a position, child?" asked Mis Ellison one morning, when Clare had ful filled her duties for more than n month. ... • •Slic had asked her that, day to read, to her; but, ; .as she listened" to: the sweet voice, she had heard none of : the meaning -of the . words,' but had been instead . intently'studying the exquisite face winch bent over the book. ....... -..,;.:.,'•;"''•". ''..i^'i^si.'. • " How little I-thought; when I iu 1 serted my. advertisement,.I should be so favoured !" continued Mi's. Ellison. . . . .... ...." -You are very kind,, mada m , to be pleased with me," Clare answered-; " hut you must not ask" me of - my past Jife I shall be glad ir by faithful.duty I can brighten yours ever- so little." • One morning a letter was handed her, and Clare saw her eyes glisten and tears of .^oy . drop on the page; " My boy. is coming.home,", she mur- /j ,,uiair,ed.••_ .." He-was to -follow'his"- letter almost immediately, -lie- -writes^ Next week be will" be here. Why, child, what is the ; matter:? "- for her maid staggered .and grp.w «very'pale: "Nothing madam. will .go- to my own -room. I shall be better soon." —. But wben she returned, though calm, she still was white and grave "I must leave you, Sirs. Ellison," she said, sadly. "1 am not well, I find, and must send someone to fill my place." " Leave me! cned the invalid. " Xou must not think of such thing. If you arc ill, you shall be nursed as though you were my own daughter, but 1 must know you are near me.' And so, when the voung master came to his home, she still held there ,.the: position of his mother's,maid " She is a lady, Harry," said his mother. "I am sure of her birth and breeding as of my own, but I can get her to. disclose nothing," to all of which the young man listened indifferently, though he; too, had started at sight of the girl's rare beauty, and found himself listemngdelightedly to- the tones of the- low, sweet voice. " I must go," Clare said -to herself, when, this had gone on for several days. "I am only making- my own misery the greater, and signing the death warrant to my own happiness.' But resolutions are not always made to be kept, and the next morning all else was -forgotten at Thorburn House but the sadden illness of its young master. Captain JEllison had been stricken down with a low fever, and who could nurse him, thought Ins mother, but her faithful maid i His life was spared. The fight was fierce but short; and then followed the long, tedious days of convalescence, or days which began as long and tedious, but soon grew, all too short. Captain Ellison was a proud man, mid it was long ere be -would acr knowledge to himself that- to this poor, nameless girl, his -mother's; servant, lie had given his -heai-t;... but': o n <:.->., .-iloIo idwIii;^.' 'lit;.,-"li o tuo honest and - too manly to take refuge in any but an open and an honourable course. " As my mother said," he told himself, "she is a lady. JUveiy act, every gesture, betrays it ; and better far that I should marry where my heart-has led than stoop to win' a woman: for her gold." That very evening Clare Arden listened to the few frauk words in which Captain Ellison told his love —listened with flushed cheeks and downrbent head. •:•. ; But when he would have drawn, her to his heai-ty she -resisted -the loving effort-, and-held herself erect. "What is the love you would offer your mother's maid:-? " she: asked. . . ..;.•'; " The same that I hope to oiler my -mother's daughter;".!hc.ii'eplied,:;;".iif, my darling, you will be that daughter and my wife." • " And what does she say • her !'•' ,-••,"'. '/ : " She echoes her son's prayer,: said a voice from the open doorway.- One swift, glance Clare: gaves;;to ward her ; then, going to ineot her drew her into an ieasy-chair and:: fell on li er knees at her feet; " Listen,;:first to :my confession,-': she said brokenly,- " and then tell, me whether I must go or stay. . Ar.d then in a quick, low voice she told the story through. " Now." she said when she had finished, " you know all Must I go or may I stay ^ " j " Stay, _ my darling, as my daughter ' " . And then )t merged in words lower and sweeter still, as her lover lifted her to the shelter of his heart, and 1 murmured, " Stay, my dailrag, as my wife 1 " 