'pABS PITHILY PUT. m. o._ . I.O.O.F. Gala and ^ Annual Ju bilation ' Demonstration This evening At Melbourne Exhibition Hall. Immense programme. Dear 'Queen Herd.' That 'Little Gipsy,' Pretty ' Seven Sisters.' Delightful 'Flower Queen.' More daring robberies. Important police transfer*. Armed burglars at St. KildA. Ladies' day at Qcgarty's soon. Grave 'scandals'.at Kew Asylum. Tram traffic returns improving. Sunday train excursions booming. Another baby castaway at St. Kilda. ?? Canon Potter favors female suffrage. A midnight barney with Barney Allen. Vjctoriaa revenue an the sp grade again. Pound night nt Alma Lodge of Druids to-night. Annual meeting of the St. Kilda coun cil to-morrow night. Tramway receipts for last month (show an increase of £8,079. Grown Law Departments stirring up lazy honorary justice? of the peace. Another attractive addition to Our Gallery of Portraits next Saturday, , ; 'Tbe.tteveb Sister* ' appear at the Prab ran Town-ball next Friday evening. Tenders are called for at last for repairs and painting at the St. Kilda post-office. Cbarnwood Lodge of Druids make merry in a special nigbt of harmony to-morrow. . Defalcations to tbe extent of £ 1000 in tbe Masonic Benevolent Fauds reported. A word of praise from a St. Kilda rate payer in 'respect t6 the looal floral institu tions, Seljgeant Richardson, of .the Prahran police forcer takes charge of tbe Footscray station. Sir. Morrison, lotc clerk of courts at Prahran, has entered on his duties at tbe Forest City, Bendigo. ? ''BenTor-conetaljle Dowling succeeds the late senior-constable Thompson at the Armadale police station. ?4W two noted land-boomerg, Thomas Bent and C. B. James, both celebrate their birthdays to-morrow. ' flow the Melbourne Argus raves with delight over tbe success of tbe Sunday excursion train innovation. Tbe Hon, William Austin Zeal, President ^of tbe Legislative Council, celebrated his -^ixty-third birthday yesterday. ? Canon Potter preaches an able discourse , &b; All -Saints' Church, St. Kilda on the ' ' inoreaseof crime and immorality. . . 'Oar report of tbe meeting of tbe Mal vern council held on Monday evening laBt appear in nezt Saturday's issue. * 'Grekt attractions at the$outh Melbourne District &U.I.O.O.F.; annual demonstration lit the RIelbonrne Exhibition this evening. The cHy inspector of St.- Kilda, Mr. Alfred Adkins, -has been appointed in spector under the new Bakers' and Millers' Act, . /A concert' in aid of the funds of the Elizabeth Retreat at South Yarra tnktis place to?morrow evening at the Prabran Town-hall. . Tbe.teqeipts of'.tbe St. Kilda council for / the fortnight were £535 ids. 30d., iaclud ing-tytes, £193 7a, and Government subsidy ?- £248 13s. Id. ' ; . fix! Robert Bowman, M.L.A., a man ot many.typs and downB, died at bis residence \- ; -in 6tty-street, St. Kilda, on Friday last, at the age of G2 years. Anniversary «eivices of tbe South St. Kilda- Congregational Church next Sun* day, witb tea aud conversazione on the Thursday following, Mrs. Thomas Doble, the only sister of Mr. John Vale, the well-known city auc- tioneer, of Westbury-street,-St.Kilda, died On Friday last at Bendigo. The presiding magistrates at tbe Prahran court on' Monday were Meassrs. .Young '.(chairman), Wyatt, Elliott, Bo Bales, Hioheli, Finiay aad Dixon, J's.P. Behaving in an insulting manner in CbipeUtreet, South Yarra, on Saturday cost Peter Soutar And James Taylor 10s. each it the Prahran court on Monday. ' In Australia ' says a borne paper, .' the race of bushrangers is extinct now. They have formed themselves into a Reconstruct -. ing Bank -and Liquidators' Syndicate.' Local versus non-local labour question again fought out at tbe Malvern council table on Monday evening— further refer ence to tbe debate in Saturday's issue. A certain cure for asthma and sleepless* oess said to be discovered by a gentleman who is about to. treat a few sufferers gratuitously who apply through our columns.?' Baylee and Co's sate of unrccdeeraed goods, pledged with Mr. A. Dotrdatf, pawn* * broker, of Windsor, takes place next Mon day at I0.S0 a.m. at tbe rooms of the auc tioneers. Mr. ffantz, baker, of High-street, St. -Kilda, while out for a walk on Sunday morning last, found tbe dead body of a newly-born female child in the surf - near tbe Bed Bluff. 'The Little Gipsy cantata at the Prati ran Town-hall next Monday evening, when the South Yarra State-scbool children will show what they Ate capable of doing in tbe entertainment line. Accounts passed for payment by the Bt. Kilda council on Moaday amounted to £787 8s. 7d„ the. leading items being £100 to tbe nightsoil contractors and £160 19s. 10d. for gaa, ? iOn Friday Afternoon lost the house of Hr. Bobert 'Corn^y, 'Union-street, Windsor, was unguarded, and a thief ? forced open the back door, anuexing the household jewellery and 40 sovereigns. Fourth of the series of Prabran State* school concerts next Friday nigbt at the Prabran Town-hall, wben the young folks of the High-street school will warble the cantata, 'The Seven Sisters.' . It is rumoured that 41 Leslie ' Pooley, 'one cf the brightest among our looal amateur and semi- professional stare, was tilled b couple of , weeks ago in Gippsland whiieon a«hoot£ngexpedition. Daring robberies perpetrated upon two bookmakers last. Saturday nigbt by burg lars, Mr, '? Barney' AUen,of Fiteroy-jtreet, St. Kitda, one of the victims, -losing cash and jewellery to.lbe value of £365. The announcement of the re-election of ?Bro. ; O; T. Orr, ate C.8. ' to the South Mel bourne.Diitrict M.U.I.O.G.F., was received ? svitli' enthusiastic applause, attbe meeting oE delegates on Friday evening; last. 'The United States of America,' will be... shown .up 'by limelight in the library room at tie St. -Kilda Town-ball next !MoDday, by Mr. A. B. ttastoUj the proceeds to 'go to 'the Pakington-street Sunday school. - Preparations for Mr. Kaeppej's u Ladies' Day' at Hegarty*« Baths next Saturday are going 'on swimmingly. A large nuhber o! entries have been . received and if the day is fine there' is bound to be '& fcigturn-dat. : ?A'ifiwly-elecicd officer - of tbe Sontb Melbourne District M.U.I.O.O.F., at the annual meeting on ' Friday evening last characterized P.Q.M. Hon. Gebrge Tinned, ?H.L.A., ps tbe 'most popular Manchester, Unity man ia Australia.' 'South Tarn State-school io thB front next Monday when the children 'will Vender the cantata « The little Gipsy ' at ^ihe Prahran Town-hsll under the auspices of the Prahran Jloard cf^Adrice— *hiob -U 11 So; 1 board v tor one*# Aj German student wrestling with the ! :BpgTtoBefanga'age rendered -a-fatniliBTrtect- %'this way 'The ghost is willing) but (be meat ia weak.' Can* it be possible that the Church of England is about to lose two of its nd berouts — the mayor and town-clerk of. Prahran attended scrricesattbe Melbourne Jewish Synagogue last Saturday rooroiug, and appeared to be greatly interested iu the ceremony. Stealing a newspnper from tbe door of a customer of Messrs. Fitzmaurice Bros.,' uewsagents, Greville-strect, brought a youngster named William Aitken before the l'rahrau conrt on Monday. The bench, advised the father to chastise bin offspring nod discharged tbe young pilferer. It is amusing to read the Melbourne Argus anent 'the very superior claS9 of people''' who availed themselves of the excursion (reins last Sunday. We know one excursionist who subscribes to tbe Age I inetcad of the A rjH«~lherefore, there was I one exception amongst the 'superior' folks. Sir Anthony Browntess, Chancellor of | the University, is briogingsn action against William Lindsay, of the Queen's Arms Hotel, St. Kilda, to recover £2000 damagCB foriojnriea received in . May last .through being run over in Flinders-street by a vebiclc driven, by an en)ploy6of the defend ant. An interesting partnership case occupied the Prahran court on Monday, when one Reginald Bosiefo.a tailor, was charged with - obtaining £B5 from James Brodie by false pretences and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Notice of appeal was given, b.iil being allowed in two Buretic3 of £25 e.-tcb- . George Read, of High-street, Armadale, commission agent, has become insolvent' owing totleprcciation in the value of real estate, inability to obtain remunerative employment, and pressure of creditors. Liabilities, £2,455 16s. 2d. ; assets, £1,414 7s. 2d.; deficiency, £1,041 9s. Mr. Jacotnb, assignee. Whilst bird-nesting /a Albert Park on Saturday afternoon last, a boy named ThomaB Long, aged 15, residing with his parents in Lyell-street, St. Kilda, fell from the top of a tali pine tree, sustaining con cuEsion of the spine sod bntio. The uufortuoate lad was removed to tbe Alfred Hospital, where he was detained. Two delightful cantatas, *' Queen Revel ' and '' The Flower Queen ' form, the musi. cal attraction at St. Kilda for next Friday week, when tbe scholars of tbe Brighton road State-school will give an exhibition of their vocal abilities, the proceeds being in aid of tbeir little suffering sisters and brothers in the Cbildrens* Hospital. Tbfe Gaiety Theatre, coder the efficient management of Mr.W. H. Speed, holds its own as one of the best shows now going in Melbourne. Tbe compAny includes the pick of the best variety artists, and the ' Ta-ra-ra Lament ' and the concluding farce, Dave Gardner's 'hilariouB absurdity,' 'England's Defenders,' are the biggest catches in the line tbat Melbourne has seen for a long time. 