THE GUARDSMEN'S , ; ' TERROR. THE GHOST OP VALLEY RUN. Bagged by the Captain. It Froze the Marrow In the Bones of The Picket Post— Develop ments at Breakfast. Valley Run, a rollioking, merry little river, flowed down a valley on its way to Tennessee, .a few milos north of Chatta nooga. Another little stream, known as Pebble Run, joined its wators from another valley, or cove, of the Cumberland Moun tains, and on the point between tho two BtreamB at the place whore they joined were the farmhouse and buildings oi "Old John Bacon," as be was known and called in all the country about. Old John was a staunch Uuion man, His two boys and his only daughter were in Btrong sympathy with the South. Old John said all fae could to dissuade his sons from going into the Confederate ser vice, but go they would, joining the 1st Tennessee Cavalry, and leaving Old John apd his wife, and daughter .Margaret broken-hearted. Old John swore to his heart's content ; but the mother and daughter prayed for the boys. There were a few slaves upon the farm, and with their help the old man. tried to plant and harvest the crops, Time, went on until tho winter of 1863 and 1864. The grand army of Sherman's was then epcamped about" Obattanooga, the Confede rate forces being about Dalton, thirty miles south. Thousands of men from the latter army took advantage of the time to visit their relatives . and homes in the country under the oontrol of the Union forcos. The highways of most of the valleys led to a main road at Old John's farm, and thenco through a gap in the mountains into the valley of the Tennessee River. It was quite an important point, und was well picketed, and nearly every day some one (sometiVnes more) poor homesick Johnnie was intercepted on his way home to visit bjs people, and sent as prisoner to Chatta- npoga. Company L. of our regiment waB stationed there, and built little huts in the woods for both men and horses. Old John's house was across tho valley half a mile or so. Ho was sick in bed nearly all the winter. Margaret was a handsome mountain beauty. Bping of an independent disposition, she went to Chattanooga quito often after medicines and other necessaries, such as to bacco and coffee, always riding an old grey home, which was the only means pi trans portation left on the farm. He was spared by reason of being so ugly and vicious that no soldier had the courage to go within kicking distance of him. He was the ugliest and the worst biting, striking, kicking brute 1 ever saw; but Margaret could do all she pleased with him in perfect safety, the two having grown up boon companions on tho farm. . Captain Jack Smith, commanding Com pany L, said to her one day, "Arc you not afraid to go to Chattanooga atone so often? Are you not afraid of the soldiers?" " Oil, no, indeed," she said, " the soldiers only stare at me. Some lift their hats, and do you think, Captain, Mia of your men Bnid to mo this morning, ' Howdy, sis, how will you swap liorseo?' and auotlier one asked, ' Don't you want an orderly to follow on behind ?' Oh, no, Captain, 1 ain't afraid. IL'he soldiers are gentlemen; they will not harm mo, and if they tried to I would give old Whitey the whip. He would carry me aafely home. Ho oan outrun anything in your regiment and not half try." "Weil," said Captain Smith, "let me know if any of the fellows trouble you, and X will attend to their cases." One' day Captain Smith learned from headquarters that there were spies some- whore in the army. The men were cau tioned to bp on the alert. In some places the pickets wcro doubled and a new pest established on the Valley Run-road, a mile north" of Old John's house. Three men were stationed there, and they built a small shelter a short distance away from tho road in the woods, one man being on duty at the road all the time, the other two remaining in bivouac snugly sheltered from tho storms. swish, swish. The first night after this post was estab lished Tom Jones, an old veteran of two years' service on many a lonely picket guard, said he wonld tako the first trick und come in at 12 o'clock. Bill Carter could take tho next turn, and Dan Hays the third. So Tom, with his overcoat buttoned up to his chin, his carbine in hand, left the bivouac, leading his horse down through tho woods to the place selected by the cap tain. Placing his horse in a sheltered spot close by, he lighted his old cob pipe and sat down with his back to a tree to watch and listen, his head well covered up in his great coat capo. How long he sat thore he did not kuow. He was aroused by the low whinny of his horse. Springing to his feet, lis strained both eyes and oars for sight and sound, moving meanwhile to his faithful maro, which had been ' much the better guard of the two. Tho wind was sighing through the baro limbs of the treou, the dead leaves rustled over the frozen ground and found u resting- place in tho nooks midst tho rocks on the mountain side. But there was no sonnd nudible made by any human being, save the throbbing of his own heart. Suddenly thera was tho whirr of an owl as it flashed through tho shadow of the woods coming up from Vnlloy Run. Tom had a glimpse of the bird's broad wings as it flitted pastl Alighting on a limb close by, it gave a screech which lifted Tom off the ground. He dropped his carbine by his Bide, and then wanted to bo kicked for a coward) as a man who could be frightened by an owl. Just then his horse gave another low call, as if she scented a friend. " What is it, old chum?" he .whjppored to his faithful animal, who could only reply by the move ment of her sensitive ears, Tom moved down the path a few Bteps, but no sounds came to his carB' except tho ripple of the waiter of the Valley Run over its gravelly bed. Yob, there was a sound ! Swish, swish, it came faintly on the air ; but from where? It soemed to como from the Run, then the ' treetop's, then from tho Hillside, and again it seamed almost at his feet. "Swish, swish," "Swish, swish," it came, hoo-uoo, ha-ha 1 Grouching at the foot of the tree on one knee, his oarbine ready,, he listened to the Bound, unable to looate it. "Hoo-hoo! ha-ha 1" screechod tho owl, almost over his, head, causing him to jump to his feet. Back from the opposite hill camo the hideous, laugh of the owl's mate. The weird sounds sent cold Bhircrs up and down Tom's back. Then through tho stillness ngpin oame tho "Swish, swish," echoing first bore and then somewhere else. The moon was coming up over tho opposite ridge, casting cold kisses at the sparkling waters of the brook. Dancing shadows along tho hillside seemed to take on shapes which -moved along the road, dodging in and out of tho woods. Bits of rotten wood about tho forest gave out phoaporesoent fire, like phantom eyes which winked and stared until one's face waa turned away. Turn which way ho would, Tom could hear the "Swish, swish " which sent tho blood ting ling througlqhis face, and eold chills up and down his back. Suddenly, dropping on one knee, lie raised his carbiue to fire. Slowly it was recovered, the hammer lowered to its place. The blood was frozen in his veins. The oarbiuo fell from his hands to tho ground, and, with eyes straining out of their sockets, he bounded away up tho hillsido, over tho low ridge into tho arms of his comrades, who, disturbed by tho. owls and hearing Tom's approach over" tho rough ground, were ready to fight or run as the circumstances might dictate. " Oh, boys ! I have seen a ghost ; the most frightful thing 1 Death on a white horse. Oh ! I know I am going to be killed, boys. It is a warning sent to me, I know ; just a whito horse. It did not walk, it floated through the air. It- was without rider, and I could see right through it as it moved along. Oh, boys I it was terrible !" And Tom hid his face in his hands. "Why didn't you shoot, Tom?1' asked Dan. "Oh, I tried to, hut didn't have strongth. I tried to pull, but it would not go, aud I dropped my gun und oame in." " I should say you did come in," exclaimed Bill. "Come on, we will go with you and get your horse and carbine, if the ghost has not taken them along." Tom had been in many battles, and his comrades knew he was no coward, but there is something in the darkness of the night, tho rustling of tho leaves, the chirping of tho night birds, the shadows dancing ou tho limbs, which makes men hesitate to be alone. The three men crouched about the foot of a great oak tree until it became ligbt in tbo morning. Then they searched tho road for signs of the horse, but found none. all on duty at once. The next night Dan -Hays was on post, Bill and Tom near by sleeping in their blankets. Dan was usually a oool-headcd chap, but he was sleepy, and hiB eyes wore getting heavy as he stood leaning against a tree. Suddenly he started. Tho winds sighed through tho oaks, rustling the dry leaves, bat there was something else. Where was it ? "b wish, swish." "Swish, swish." Down on the main road?" No! Up in the trees on the hillside? No. Where was it? What was it? Dan could not tell. Again the owls oame sailing up from tho Bun, flitting silently through the trees. Their hidoous war cries, hoots of derision and laughter brought the two sleep ing soldiers to thoir feet, muttering curses in harmony with the owls. Tho light of the moon was just peeping over the ridge. "Swish-swish," " Swish-swish," came tho sounds, which now seemed to be ou the road, yet not on tho road.' But in the an thers was something more than gleams of moonlight. ToDan'seyes it quickly assumed the shape of a horse, twice life- size. It seemed to float in the air, riderless, giving out no sound but a "swish-swish," tho sad sighing of the spirits of the woods. The waters of the Valley Run were in deep shadow, yet whispering, laughing, sighing to the spirits in the air. The three guardsmen, speechless, re mained glued to tho spot, while the white horse of death floated away, leaving no sound but the sighing of tho trees, the murmurs of the waters.. Crouched upon the ground near the base of tho oak, they again waited for morning light. captain smitii hears it. Captain Smith was then let into their confidence, and was requested to stay with them on the post the next night. He laughingly agreed to this plan. The night was dark and rainy. The captain- and Tom sat by the post, under the pro tection of tho oak, and there came again the mysterious sounds. Tho dark ness was intense. One could not sea his baud before him ; and yet there wus the ghostly noise, first in the trectops, then up the hillside. The two men sat motionless, and in a few moments there was no other sound besides the raindrops patting on the ground. There was no sleep that night, but going away from the road, a distance in the woods, a fire waB built to charm away the "lonesome of the night." Tho next day the company hoard of the matter somehow, and ghost stories were the rage, every man having one or more to toll. The captain had fallen into the habit of going over to old John's every day upon one oxouae or another, but generally " to Bee the old man," who was very sick. Margaret was getting ready to go to Chattanooga, and he said he would go with her and get the mail for the company, and they went away together, coming back just before night. Miss Margaret went to the stable and put out her own ugly brute of a horse. The captain, going into the house, waited for the mother to prepare suppor, which was soon ready. Then, going back to the camp with the company mail, he joined the outpost at Valley Run. " Now, boys," ordered tho captaiu, " there must be no shooting to-night. If anyone must fire his gun I will be the one. You, Tom, stay heie on the trail. Bill will go up the valley a few rods, and Dan down on tho main road." "bang, bang." Thus posted, the captain himself went down the run towards old John's, where he found a view of the run up and down for several rods. The rippling of the waters was the only sound for hours. Then the chatter of the owls began, first low laughs, swelling into hoots and wails. From their nesting-places; along the run they seemed to dispute the right of man or spirit of the night. Dan was first to bo startled. An owl sat in a tree over his head aud mingled his screeches with the moaning of the trees. Then to bis ears came the other sound, the "Swish, swiah," The woods seemed filled with invisible spirits. It was too much for his nerves, and he forgot even his comrades, Btarting down the trail towards tho camp two miles away. The owls hooted and seemed to laugh in derision. He gave' full play to his legs. "Hoo, hoo ! ha, ha," the owls called after him, freeziug the marrow in his bones. Bill and Tom hugged close to the tree, seeking its shcltor as if from leaden hail in the field of battle. Captain Smith, close down by the rippling waters, was startled, between the screeching of the owls, by the sounds which had so alarmed his men. "Swi9h, swish," around a bend of tbo run came the sounds, not on tho road, but in the water. It was the "White Horse of Death," The water Bparkled in tho moonlight -as the horse moved almost noiselessly along. It was a moment of fright for the captain, the cold chills chasing tho blood ontof his body. But quickly gaining his senses, he challenged, " Halt there I" The ghostly horso stopped for an instant only, then sprang out of tho stream and up tho hillside. Captain Smith again cried " Halt I" aiid his carbine flashed. Almost at the same time with the echo of his carbine thore qame screams of terror from tho direction tho horse had taken. Tom and Bill had caught sight of tho ghost as it sprang away from the water. The captaiu fired once, twice, three times; and each time tho flashes of the gun mingled with the cries of the ghost as it disappeared up the hillside. Tho captain jumped in the water knee deep and hurriedly followed across aiid up through tho woods. Tom and Bill ran to tho captain's assistance. They searched up and down the hanks for an hour. Thou, with a feeling of terror at the disappearance of the captaiu, they, too, started for the camp, which was soon as badly alarmed as themselves. The captain went ont of hearing over the hills, guided for a time by tho clatter of horse's hoofs on the loose stones, und then all was still. The moon was high as ho sat down upon a stone to rest, the perspi ration running off his face in big drops. All around him as far as he could Bee were thick woods. His face und handB woro bleeding from the tumbles' ho had re ceived. His ears heard no sound but tho thumping of his own hoart. After rogaining his breath he Bet but again, moving slowly about, calling his companions, but receiving no reply. Ho scraped piles of leaves together and built small fires and moved from point to point about the hills all night, lost in the woods. Daylight came at last to show him the way. He followed the run down to tho point of the adventure tho night before, and there found a horse's tracks leaving the bod of the stream. He followed the trail easily, in the light of the lhofuing, and a half-mile or so. away from tho water he found dead tho ghost, Margaret's old whito horBe, saddled and bridled, and a pair of great leather saddle-bags, .filled with broad, cooked meats, tea, salt und sugar. Tho old horse, with a bullet through his neck, had in his last moments fallen on his sldo upon tho rocks. Captain Smith had soen those, saddle-bags before, and all the outfit; and it was for tbo owner of them that he wandered about tho woods for a time. BREAKFAST AT OLD JOHN'S. Then, going back to tho dead animal, he pulled off tho saddle, bridle and saddle-bags. With the outfit on his back, and hungrily munching the meat and broad found in the bags, he started down tho hill to old John's houso in the valley, keeping out of sight of his men who were up the valley looking for him. Ho went to tho house by tho back .way. Throwing the saddle aud bridle down on tho porch, he entered and found the old mother cooking breakfast. She scarcely looked up from her work. Captain Smith inquired, " Mother, where is Margaret this morning?" " She ain't up yet," said tho mother. "Go and tell her that I have cume to breakiast witli you, and I cannot stay long." In a short time Margaret came into the dining- room. There was coffee, bacon and hot corn pone upon the table. She cast only a glance at the captain ; but he had such a comical look on his face, as he extended hia hand, that she could not deny Ilia greeting. Her eyes were red, her face ohappud and blistered by the wind, her hands scratched and almost bleeding. "Margaret, how did you get homo? Why did you run away from me last night?" _ Their eyes met— his in pity and admira tion, hers in resentment. "Captain Smith, you have my brothers' breakfast in those saddle-bags. Thoy will go hungry to-day." " Yes, Margarot, and I was obliged to kill the ghost -of Volley Run to get it. I am sorry I had to do that. I waB not sure it wns you until I fired. The old whito ghost has finished carrying rations. I will havo to get you a bettor one ; but, Margaret, I want those letters and papers you have, tho ones you brought from Chattanooga yesterday. Give them to me quick, then wo will Bit down to breakfast beforo every thing is eold. I don't like cold corn pone." " They are in the saddle-bagB, Captain ; take them out yourself. I won't touch them ; but you are an awful mean wretch, aud I don't like you. Just think of my brothers, how hungry thoy will be - to-day, waiting for me 1 Thoy will get even with you for this." Captain Smith seated her at the table, placed a chair for himself at her side, and rapidly devoured the corn pone and bacon. Then, taking the papers out of the saddle- .bugs, putting them in his inside pocket, he gave Margaret's hand a little squeeze, put his arms around the mother und kissed her ou tho cheek and ran out of the houso. Aud this is all I know of the ghoBt of Valley Ran. 