t£IE MtSEItS LEfilC/. " lie's come, Mr. Herman." " Come ? Come at last ? Are you aure of it, Joe ?" " Sure as taxes," said Joe Poppinger, with a confident nod of his head. "He's taken that old house—the Haunted House, the neighbors call it—and he's moved into it. bag and baggage, which ain't much, by the way." " Any servants with him, Joe V " Only one—a crooked old woman—as threw a porringer of hot water over me when I came round to ax if I could be of any use. If they only owned a black cat I'd have the whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. I never did come across such a .rum lot in all my life." " Did you see the old man yourself, Joe ?" " See him, Mr. Herman ? I see a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing gown and a flannel night-cap on his head, and I s'posed likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers going. ne was a runnin* in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider." " That will do Joe, Here is a balf-a-cro wn for you." " Thank'ee, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at the front of his cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front verandah. So old Miner Molineaux had arrived at last —the rich and eccentric relative—on the reversion of whose fortune, real or supposed, he had all his life been building aerial castles. At last—and Herman resolved the very next day to call a'.d pay his respects, although the old woman with the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. " If I hadn't heard from bis lawyer that he had taken a lease of the Stone House." mused Mr. Franklyn, " I certainly never should have buried myself in this out-of-way place awaiting bis advent; and if I hadn't thought I could work into his good graces I never should'have taken the trouble to hunt him up. Heigho 1 Sometimes I think it would be easier to work for money than to inherit it," And so the next day Mr. Franklyn 'called* "Miner Molineaux received him very coolly, sitting among bis treasures, like Marius amid the ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that he kept one hand on the ring of a padlocked iron box beside him as he talked. Well, young man, and what do you want?" he asked, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for the hot water treatment, showed him in. " So inquire after your health, Cousin Miner," said the young man smoothly. " Humph I My health is well enough ? Better than you wish it. I dare say." " My dear sir " " But it will make no difference to you," acidly went on the old man. still nervously fingering the rings of the iron box. " I don't deny that I have a treasure to leave behind me " Herman Franklyn's eyes glistened. " But it will be to those who consult my wishes more than you have done." " Bat, my dear cousin " " Words are all very well," said the old miser, shrugging bis shoulders, " but deeds Bpeak the loudest. You knew very well my aversion to matrimony—and yet you go and engase yourself to ?et married to a girl who hasn't a penny. Eh? Don't you?" in a rising inflection like a bark. " And then, after coolly disregarding all my wishes, you expect me to leave you this —this" tapping, ai he spoke, on the lid of the box. " But, Cousin Miner, if you wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions. I did not know that — »' Stuff and nonscn? e I" yelled the old mat " What you knew Qr didn't know Is perfect!.) immaterial to me. Leave me to my books writing. Tfcrt's all I ask of ar; So Mr. Franklyn wont moodily away. " I must break my engagement," said he to himself. " That's the first thing. What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune," . . . • • Josie Ilall was sitting in the farm- house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a black- ened, damask-cheeked girl, with velvety eyebrows, and a round, red dot of a mouth ; and in those dark eyes glistened a light half resentful, half an^ui-b, as she looked straight at Herman Franklyn. " I understand," said she, " you want to break the engagement. Now that your rich uncle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. "It isn't that, Josie, believe me," said Franklyn, twisting himself about, with the signals of keen mortification blazing on his cheek, " But I think perhaps it would be better for both of us " " And I haven't the least doubt of it," passionately interrupted Josie, with heaving breast and quivering lips. " A thousand times better ; for I value the love of no man who can leave me thus. Pray don't waste your time in conjuring up any farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning." And she went on peeling her potatoes, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like a whipped cur. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the reward—as at least he esteemed it—came at last. Mr. Miner Molineaux fell ill. Being ill, he was frightened. B.-ing frightened he was solitary. And consequently he sent for bis cousin Franklyn, asking he never would have done in health. " You don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman I " he asked, tremulously. Oh, there's no danger at all," reassured the young man, as the doctor had that mornsaid that the patient's spirts must be kept up at all hazards. " And you won't leave me ? " " Certainly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to you," responded the delighted fortune-seeker. "But that girl that you're engaged to," grumbled Mr. Molineax; " she won't like it." " Do yon think that I could persist in anything contrary to your wishes ?" reproachfully asked Herman Franklyn. " The engagement is'broken." " Good I" croaked the old man. " Engagements are a humbug, in any event. Engagements to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've more sense than I gave you credit for." Day by day Miner Molineaux grew worse. On the forth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and made his will. On the fifth he became speechless. On the sixth he died. 1 • My fortune is made now," thought Herman, who had listened at the door during the interview with the lawyer, and heard directions given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box l whereof the key hung around the dead man's neck. And he felt that .Tosie had been well sacrificed. " lou wasn't at the tuneral, eh 7" said Mrs. Pierce to the Widow ilall, while Josie's needle flew faster than ever through the cambric she was hemming. "Well, no," said the widow, !! I ain't partial to funerals in general, and I didn't feel no special call to put myself out to see an old miser buried, that I never saw nor spoke to while be was alive." A man can't be a miser without he's got money, can he?" said Mrs. Pierce. " I don't rightly know about that," said 1 Widow Hall. But you don't mean to say that old Molineaux hadn't anything afier all r " Nothing but a 5ew sticks of furniture, and some rusty coins as no decent storekeeper would give change for." The widow's eyes shone through her spectacle glasses. " Land o' massy I" said she. " And what was in the iron box as everybody badBO much to say about—the iron box as was willed to Herman Franklyn. "Just the sheets of paper as held a dictionary the old man had been writing all his days. Manuscript, the lawyer called it, whatever that may be. He thought it was worth a deal of money, and he'd spent his all hunting up books as nobody but himself ever heard of, and travelling abcut the country to pick up information. " Efumph 1" said the Widow Hall. " And JJIJ TTIIIM FTBTIRN UTT 2" didn't sit near enough to him to rightly hear," said,Mrs. Pierce, but them as did tells me be swore an awful oath when he saw what was in the box, and flung the whole bundle on the back o£ the fire. I saw it blnzc up myself." " And was that all ?" asked the Widow Ilall. " That was all," responded her informant, am glad of itl" cried out Josie, springins up with sparkling eyes. " I never was^o glad of anything in all my life. lie's served right for once." Mr. Franklyn called the next day, meek and subdued. IE Josie had been a model heroine she would have thrown both liei arms around his neck nn.l vowed that shn loved him better than ever. P»ut she was only a very human little girl, so she stood up with dignitv and said : " I wonder at your assurance in coming here, after all that has transpired. Mr Franklyn." " But, Josie " " There is the door, sir!" said Josie. "Please to walk out I * And there was nothing left for it but tc " walk out." Old Miner Molineaux sleeps quietly in the village grave-yard, and public rumor has added yet another ghost to the spectralpopu lation of the Haunted Hoase—a ye!!ow-vis aged old bogey, who wears a wig, aud carrie? in his hand a padlocked box. 