A GHOST OF TIUS PAST. THE DETECTIVE AXD THE IUVDT. " SR. JAMES'S GAZETTE."; ; - Sir Kobert Iasbum andhis -wife were not particularly silly, as newly mamM cjup §fgo. ^or tmeVthingjt SirBobert -was thirty something ; --aid -when you axe thirl v-soinehing, gravity comes. But he wns_verv muehinIoTCTvithhisyoni3g.-vviiC-" Be handed her out of the family omnibus carefully, and the very prettiest ankle andthetaiuest -shoo peeped out-for a njouieuffasshe stepl>ed down before one of the "bis hot els on Trafalgar Square Asshetripped up the broad <sirpeted stairsr'tb her room- there was a look of great happiness in hercyes. . . . .. "Ahdis my dear girlqnite liappv said Sir Robert- . Xoung I^dj" X^sbnrn (she W3S tall and pleasant-looking) turned to him affectionately. _ ^ - " Xourclear girl," she said, "has had. her-worries m herliie- She. had one big -worry-'" \--"How big r" Xadv Lishurn widened her anus to give an idea of the aze. " Uut it's all over now, and I am very, verv hapyy." " "Perhaps," said Sir Bohcrt- per haps the dear girl will tell me all about it some day.'" ~ " She may-some day- " said the young "bride, flushing- ".Tust now she is so contended that she doesn't want even to think ahout it." The next morning they went off to tiie Engadiue.lt wis two months later-when they returned, trunks and portmanteaus plastered all over with square and circular labels-Hotel Bellevue, and Hotel Beau Biva^e, and alot of others- Both Sir JiolxSt arid lady lisboni looted veiy jolly and well There-were letters wailing for Lady lisburu. She read them hi her bedroom. As she saw the writing on one of the en velopes, she in"eu red, and then veiy -white- She perused the letter again and .Q^^, with hands trembling and a face that lo iked into the mirror with a frightened loot- Then she turned off the electric light and saak ouher knees and sobbed. They stayed in town for some dava! The drove out a good deal, visit intr - hut vonug Lady Iisburn looted ill ancl out of sort", and scarcely spoke to her husband- He seemed to berepelled "by her coldness. Once or twice liady InsTaurn tried to rouse herself; hut the loot of worry quickly came hack, and her husban 1. phicid and even as he ivas could not help feeling disturbed One evening in the latter part oi the -week, liady XSsbaru -was sitting at the open window of their room, her face Testing on her hand, looting out into the square and seeing nothing A paire-bov entered with a foreign message. She opened, read the type written words, and crumpled quietly The sheet in her hand as Sir 3£« »bert came m <\- J tvant to say something to you, Bobert,"' she said, in a slinky voice. He fanip over to lier " I want to so away from yon for a few -weeks." "A few weeks r~ he repeated, "blankly. " A- few weeks- Unless you want me to he a miserable -woman all my life* you must let me do this. X«et me go; ^ and .when I come hati I shall be quite jolly, and I shall love you more than ever, and ire " ""M\\- dear." said SirBohert, '* you are perfectly unreasonable - Tou are not yourself." " Unfortunately I am, interposed the young wife, sadly. " Or you-wouldn't dream of proposing such a preposterous thing- 2fow, love, just you. go to ln-d early to-night and have a good rest, and you'll l>e all right in the morning-"' " If you don't let mego,Bobert. 1 shall MTer be able to rest again. I shall be nothing bat a curse to you and a mlsecv to invseli for all my life- Do let me uo-~ "3Iy dear love." ssid SirEohert,rising -with a rcn- decidtA air, " if you absolu tely refuse to tell me the motive for your disappearance, I absolutely refuse to let you «ro-~ " Taen I-then I must gowitnoutvour permission-" She said this without defi ance and in the humblest way - Sir Boh ?rt went down stairs and stood at the hotel door for a few minutes, smoking his cigar rather quickly. Then lie turned and went to the telephone- room and looked in the hook and rang up. Bady Ijishurn, -white and set of face, returned to her room and prepared ror her jour ney. It was a surprise for Sir Boberfc to find in the hall not ten minutes later the man for-whom he had telephoned- He v.-as a "burly, scarlet-faced mau, and he gave his card, to SirBobert withan awkward, fat "bow. TnoJLis BESTEU. iayre, S weaver & Co., Inquiry Agents. " Come into this room, Mr-Mr Bester." "Mr Bester wiped his bwts with j«rti cularcare. " You'd like something to drink, per haps r Sir Bester pulled his waistcoat down and coughed slightly, and s:ud that he didn't know as a drop of whisky would do hiii 1 any particular harm- At any rate, he said Pie said this with the air of a nmn -prepared for any experiment in the interest ot science), he'd try Sir Bohert ordered » large whisky, and gave Instructions that he was to he told -when liady lasburu left the hoteL ' * AVe need not huny until that hap ^K.'US."' said Sir Kolw-rt. He «ixj»laine<l to | UTr Bester wliat was n-qnired. There was to l>e no fuss, insisted Sir Bohert. and no interference. All that Bester had to do v. as to follow Xady Xasburn, and if she was in any danger to -wire Sir Bolxirt at once, and himself hike such steps us he might think were neces sary. " That's the way." said Mr Bester, with approbation take things ealmly 3tuch "better in the long run- I ought to know. I've been at it- in the Tard and out of the Tard, thirty year come next lelfuary." " I supjjose you have l*.ad some interest ing cases to deal with," remarked Sir Bobert, politely- . Mr Bester stood up and looked at himself in the mirror for a moment and then sat down agaic heavily. The most interesting," he said, " are them that nobody don't deal -with." HIV Bester toot u sip from his tumbler and essayed to rest one knee on the other, hut found the iiosition for a gentlemen of , his rotundity uncomfortable, and relin quished the endeavor. " look here. Sir Bobert." said Mr \- ? Bester; " here's a case in point- Just what you may call a little incident- Ijoot here- This (taldiig a was match from the hex and sticking it npright on the table)-"this is Mr Bertie Ellenborongh; and this " (taking another and sticking it npright)-" this is Miss -Miss "Whatsher name. Beally. I forgit the name. How ever. that don't matter." The door opened softly, but neither of the men noticed it. " Terr -well, then. Few years ago 2Ir Bertie Ellenborough (that's this one) inotrs Miss "Wtatsheruame (that's tLis one) ; and slie lores him and w rites liirn -warm, rapturous letters-letters thai she -would be ashamed now to read, or for anybody else to read. Still, a good girl, mind you- 3Ir Bertie carnes up to town, forgets lier. goes to tlie bad. slips himself off to America, and gets worse and -worse. He becomes hard up, and -what does he do, then, but blackmail 3Ess "YVliaislier naine." ' 11 Damned scoundrel I " exclaimed Sir Jsobert, heartily. ?'Blackmails her. X happens to go out to trace a chap, and I meets Mister Bertie in a bar, and he tells me all about it." " OngM to be banged!remarked Sir Bobert. "But that isn't the -worst. I tells him fcr a lark that Tm a bit of a scamp myself, and brags a l>it; and then jSIister Bertie gees one Letter. ::iui assures me tliat lie burned those letters long ago, and lie was only pretending he'd still got them. That heats any tiling, don't it ? There's a sump for yon. .Slaking a regular income out of it, too." " Girl married, I wonder ? " " " So I understood/" said Hx Rester. - ' " Poor girl!" said Sir Robert; "wonder v.-lio her husband isr" ~ "Sir Robert i_" saida voice. They had not turned ou the light, and the room was growing dart. Jove? " lie said. - - 7 - ." They told hie you. wanted to see me," said lady Iisburn; " land, "my dear. Tin -Iiu. not going. I could not ..have known'what I was' talking' about just now." **3ry dear .heart!" cxclaimcd Sir ? Robert, dcli^itedly; " tell me wliat it was that wis worrying you-'" . " "VVTiy, absolutely nothing," answered his wife. decidedly; "there. was 110 ex cuse for it." They shook each otters hands. " Shall I loot in again, Sir Robert ? " said. Sir Besier, respectfully, ffe had bean standing aside and pretending, with excellent suvvirfit ire; to loot out of the window. "Oh, I beg your- pardon, Bester!" . said Sir Robert; " 110, you needn't look in again. I'll send your people a cheque ; for your trouble." 