? THEATRE ROYAL. " HAllLET." It was quite refreshing on bo hot a night at Saturday's at tbe Theatre Royal when all and sundry fanned 60 vigorously, to hear Hamlet on the rainparts of EUinore say "The air bites ehrewdly. It is very cold," and Horatio furniEh confirmation strong, "It is a nipping and an eager air." Toe house was fairly large for so tropical a season, and the viceregal box wa6 occupied by Hie Exoelleucy the Lieutenant \- Governor and a large party. Mr. Walter Bentley, in the rich, handsome habiliments of woe worn by the Prince of Denmark, looked well the character, and his appearance was the signal for a greeting full and hearty. We can add little to what we have already said with regard to Mr. Benlley'a Hamlet; he is essentially a manly, gracious gentleman of the period, courtly when the sombre mood is not upon tain, and consistent in his inconsistencies. The strong points in his performance are the love and loyalty to his mother, even when he most condemns her conduct—more in sorrow than in anger—and his chivalrous bearing towards Ophelia even in his wildest mood. The sceDe in the closet, where the vehemence of his passion contends with the duty of a eon, was the one which seemed to impress the audience most, it was so masterly in its portraiture of passion and strength of feeling. In that scene where Polonius calls out from behind the curtain Mr. Bentley does not make a iia&B; through the arras with his sword but dashes beyond it, and disappears for a moment. Afterwards tie parts the hangings and exposes the dead Chamberlain to view. There are a few other variations, not in tht test but in the action, which go to show that Air. Bentley prefers to be original; the settingof the scenes, for instance, is slightly changed, and the grouping made as picturesque as possible. On tbe whole we think that " Hamlet" was better presented on this second time of asking than when Mr. Bentley was here in February last; the star iB better supported. Mr. Bentley'a interpretation furnishes ample evidence of sound judgment, based on oareful, close, and loving study of the text, and all the lights and shades of Hamlet's character. Byplay, which has the charm of eeeming so uaconsoious is introduced with consummate skill; by its means aimos as much a* by the potent language of the great Bard he conveys the idea of filial reverence, oourtly tra ning, fiery rage, deep melancholy, unquenchable hate, and cankering sorrow so well that there is little left to ask for else. The talented Scotch actor was, we repeat, better supported than we expested, even the ghost, so often mads to reach the borderline of comedy, was well bandied. We have •een the weird apparition of the royal Dane enveloped in mnslin till he looked more like a Bedouin Arab in search of a caravan than a respectable phantom from the nether world doomed for a certain season to walk the night; and we have also seen the ghost when it was " his night out," stamp heavily acro&a; close to the footlights in a way that made the gas-jets quiver. Mr. B. Marsuhel wa« quite a presentable medium as ghosts go. Miss Gladys Leigh gave us an agreeable surprise as the Queen. She was no limp and frightened female "in royal vestments dight," but a regal consort with some spirit, and she spoke the chiding words " Hamlet, thou hast thy father much offended," with dignity and a tone of maternal authority. Not even Hamlet's sharp retort, " Mother, you have my father much offended " disturbed her composure, and her "Come, come, you answer with an idle tongue" had the right ring of anger in it, but nothing shrewish. Mr. Harry Douglas was oast as Claudius, the King, and came oat of tbe ordeal passing well. If Miss Lilla Wilde bad ended Ophelia as feebly as she began this pen would have been dipped in gall instead of sympathetic ink; but though she started apparently with an uncertain purpoite she surprised everybody by her excellent acting towards the close of the maid's unhappy career. It procured for her a round of genuine applause, in fact, thoBe who came to cavil remained to applaud. We have had a taste of the quality of Mr. McGrowan'e Poloniua before. It is a conception most acceptable. Be makes the Lord Chamberlain a dignified patriarchal courtier, garruloue ou account of old age, but not the doddering imbecile of some conceptions. The worldly wisdom of his advice to his son Laertes, and the confidential relations between bim and the royal pair are a sufficient proof that Polonius was not so senile as they make him. Mr. C. Wakefield as Horatio ana Mr. Albert Lucas as Laertes played their parts well. The rest of the cast was:—Roeeacrantz, Mr. H. Stoneham; Players, Messrs. T. Warwick and F. Saunders; Bernardo, Mr. F. Game! ton; Marcellus, Mr. T. Reynolds ; Gravediggera, Messrs. A. Brereton and T. E. Foster; a Priest, Mr. G. Inglesole; Osric, Miss Grace Hamilton ; a Player Queen, Miss Rita Aslin ; with a host of supernumeraries, including a charmmg little page, who looking quite picturesque, was a welcome addition to the cast. Of Mr. Hpong's scenery we can speak in terms of the highest praise, particularly the substantial-looking rainparts, and the castle itself, huge and massive, and built for strength, a true stronghold of the warlike i?ays ; the ramparts beyond, and below whioh could be Been the moat glistening in the starlight, were very realistic. Mr. Spnng'a architectural achievements in ecetiio art are as faithfully and originally '.rented as his graceful landscapes. In having the play of " Hamlet" mounted eo carefully Mr. Bentley has placed his patrons under a debt of gratitude—they have become tired of the same old thing. " Hamlet" will be repeated to-night. 