The Bronzewins: Cricket Club. f By an AtrsTfikLiAK.) We -were known ae the Wallabies, and we rather fancied ourselves, sported colors, and laid claim to the title ot tae premier inland cricket club in any-t£ferection. With in a get-at-able circumference, we had beaten everything. One after the other, every township had succumbed to the mi&rht; of our crack bats and the in- vincible swiftness of oar two left-handed bowlers. And we yearned for fresh worlds to con quer. There had even gone around a bated whisper of the metropolis, coupled with such names as Bruce and Bannerman, ' Syd ' Gregory and ' Sammy ' Jones. Wby should we not venture to show our Bslves at Moore Park, and discover whether ' Long Jim's ' terrific yorkers, or ' Mudgee Mick's' deadly breaks/would prove as effec tive there as on their native soil? We were full of pride, inflated with the conscious ness of a long triumphant season, and determined that ers another arrived the name of the Wallaby C.C. should be as familiar as household words in Australian mouths. THE CHALLENGE. Things were at this siage when the secretary of the club received a letter — a badly- spelled, atrociously- written chal lenge, sealed with the imprint of a great dirty thumb. It ran : ' Us, as calls our selves the Bronzewing cricketers of Cutta watta Creeks, hereby inviteB you to a friendly game to see which is best man out of the two. As ours aint a fust-class ground we -had better come . to yourn. Hopping this finds you in good health, as it leaves us at present, thank God for it, I am yours truly, Jim Brown, captin and bouler.' You may try to imagine how this unique production wa« received by the high-toned and f&stidious; Wallabies. At first it wns determined to ignore it completely. But we were simply spoiling for a fight, and it was resolved at laBt that one more victory, even ovar such inglorious opponents as theBe, would help to pun us in fitter trim, for the metropolis. Accordingly a cour teous reply was sent, arranging all pre liminaries. Cuttawatta we knew b? name only as a small settlement, some 50 miles awai in the mountains, whose inhabitants bore a none too savory reputation in the matter of horseflesh. THE BHONZEWINGS. We rode into the to^nsaip early, all curiosity to Bee the mountain men who had the audacity to challenge the beet team outside the capital ; but, early as we were, they were before us. As we ap proached the first public-house we saw quite a mob of shaggy ponies, their bridles and saddles mended with bits of green hide and wire, standing patiently around. Presently their owners appeared, great, heavv-be&xded; fellows, witn hands like shoulders of mutton and feet like canoes, and all evidently fresh from ' nips round.' Their captain introduced his men shortly. ' These,' said he, with a wave of his hand, 'is the Cuttawatta cuape.' ' These,' pointing to a very greyheaded man, ' is Jack Sadler. He comes from a place in the ole country they calls Notting ham. An' he's played the game ever since he was so high. He've come to aee fair play. There's whips o' bowlers among us. But I does it mainly. Come en* have a drink all hands, it's my shout.' This in evitable preliminary over, they unsaddled, turned their horses out, and announced their intention of ' shifting,' a process of which we were anxious to see th« result, not knowing but wbat they intended to take the field booted, breeched, and spurred as they were. But when we returned from our hotel, elaborately got up in flannels and blue caps upon which the Wallaby shone in silver thread, we found our opponents radiant in new but evil-smelling bronze colored moleskins, belts of carpet snake skins, white shirts, and Boft felt hats decked with a wing of the beautiful pigeon . from which they took their name. Around each brawny neck shone | a nieen silk handkerchief, new elastic side boots encased their great feet, and they tripped about the field and passed the ball to and fro with a neatness and dex terity tha$ made us stare. But th«y objected to matting. They had aever heard of such a thing. Why, wasn't the ground good enough, without having to cover it np? At home they played in all sorts of places, never taking any notice of ' bumps and hollows ' or even a boulder or two. But they were reasonable folk. And when we pointed out the impossibility of scientific players like ourselves batting or bowling on any but the very best procurable pitch, they laughed good humoredly, and gave in. They laughed still mor* when we told them how much our beautiful green carpet had cost us, and what pains and expense we had gone to altogether to make our ground one of the be«t for its size in the colony. WELL TO THE OFF. Winning the tos«, they, by the advice of ' Old Jack Sadler,' sent us to the wickets. He also acted as umpire for the visitors. If there was one thing more than anotherup on which we prided ourselves, it was our leg-hitting. But, to our disgust and annoy ance, we never got the ghost of a chance to show what we could do in this particu lar department of the game, as the Bronze wing bowlers pitched everything well to the off. Thus, one of our most dashing bats put np a soft little catch to a ball he should have left alone ; and another, thinking to profit by the lesson, never stirred his bat to the ball that sneaked in to his wicket. And not for nothing, as we soon discovered, did the Bronzewing captain add that other title to his signature. . Ha bowled medium-fast,. with an old-fashioned delivery, square from the shoulder, and got such a twist on the ball that it frequently broke in, despite our matting, a full two feet. The ' left theory' was almoBt entirely unknown in those days, and it has often struck me as curious that these wild bush men should have been among the first to discover and obtain its obvious ' ad vantages. Straight, swift, bowling, dead on the wicket, we could play, and. -were accustomed to. Sut these new tactics, with a field bunched all np on one side, bothered us completely. The fallow at the other , end bowled underhand enoimous things which, rose slowly gyrating', took a long -tame to fall, and when just oat of teMb'ihot itt like rocket* Th«r« iieemed nothing to be got by waiting, so three or four men ran out to meet them, missed, and were, either clean-bowled or stumped. Even when one did get a hit at the ball it would not travel. Such was the-«pfn the bowler xnana red to get on it that it' went only a short distance, and lay there swiftly revolving in a little cloud of dust and grass steins. Will it be credited that when the end came we were all out for 30 1 It was by far the lowest score the Wallabies had ever made, .and not only did we very acutely feel our position, but something like a general funk set in. However, after several long esleevers of colonial, we plucked up our courage, and trusted to our swift bowlers to retrieve the fortunes of the day, especially as, merely drawing their socks over their trousers and expectorating on their hands, our opponents refused with disdain our offer of pads and gloves. No man can bait. well with broken shins. The old chap, who evidently, in a quiet way, controlled the team, sent two men in. I heard his part ing word* as they left tt«ir tent. ' K«?ep thy bats straight, as I sbawn thee,' said he, ' an' thy e;t ne open. It be what they ca's fest boolin'. But aever thee moiad. Stay the straight uns, aa* knock spots off 'n the others, an' we'n gotten 'em roight enough.' And ther obeyed him implicitly. They had eyes like hawks, and a most un gainly style. But they got runs with exasperating regularity* ANNIHILATION. Mudgae and Long Jim bowled like de mons, but could find no hole in their batB. Tbea, when they became fagged, the Bronzewings knocked them all over the ground, to the intense delight of the town ship, which, having suffered many heavy beatings at our hands, appreciated keenly the present state of things, and rolled up, man, woman, and child, to cheer the Cut tawattas and enjoy our discomfiture. To be brief, they simply annihilated us, putting on some 209 runs, while our second innings was only a miserable fac simile of our first. We had ordered a supper for our visitors at the Woolpack Hotel, and I believe they enjoyed it. But we, although striving to do our part as hosts, felt Bore and shaken, and altogether crestfallen. Whan we awoke next morning the Cuttawattas had been gone for bours, and we never saw them again. But shortly afterwards some valuable horses disappeared mysteriously from the neighborhood. The police-sergeant always insisted that the Broazewing CC. were the originators of the raid* But he could never prove it. Nor did we ever go down to try conclusions with the metropolitan club. ? 