THEATRE ROYAL. The heat on Saturday night made indoor amusement almost intolerable and militated considerably against a large attendance at the Theatre Royal, where the Bentley Dramatic Company appeared in Shakespeare's immortal tragedy " Hamlet." It was :n the character of tha melancholy Dane than Mr. Walter Bentley first made his appearance in Adelaide in March last, and the excellence of the im personation will therefore be too fresh in the minds cf local playgoers to requiro any lengthened notice. It is avowedly Mr. Bentley's aim to present a Harnles easily understanded of the people and one of whose sanity there can be no ques tion. Physically Air. Bentley is emi nently qualified to give a picturesque embodi ment of the Danish prince, and taken as r. whole his Hamlet is one which, while appeal ing to the many, never descends to the com monplace, bun is the result of a thoughtful and carelol study of one of the most human characters ever seen on the stage. Mr. Lachl&n; filcGowan has doubtless been associated with the character of Polonius for many years, and this sterling actor as a result of tnat expe rience gives an even and humorous reality to the impersonation which is highly pleasing. Miss LUla Wilde is scarcely an ideal Ophelia, but) she succeeded in arousing the sympathies of the audience and was seen at her best in the mad scene. Mr. Harry Douglas gave due prominence to the role of Claudius, King of Denmark, but Miss Gladys Leigh was scarcely equal to the occasion as his royal con sort. Laertes "in the hands of Mr. Albert Lucas was a fairly successful presentation of the character, and the Horatio of Mr. E. Cris, a young Adelaidew, was a commendable per formance. Mr. A. Brereton was senten tiously humorous aa the gravedigger, and Mr. B. Marschel unconsciously funny as the ghost of Hamlet's father, the other characters calling for no special mention. "Hamlet" will be repeated for the last) time this evening, "The Bells" and "His Last Lags" are billed for Tuesday and Wedaes day. On Thursday will be criven the "Lady of Lyons" and the "Taming of the Shrew," and on Friday, the last night of the season, a com plimentary benefit will be accorded Mr. Bent ley, when "David Garrick" and "Cramond Brig " will be presented. 