CH APTERA VIII.' . And Last. The dawn broke grey and sullen, with a veil of dark brown fog shrouding the un- gainly lines of roofs and chimney-pots.' Lorraine stood at her window watching the pale, streaks of light widen and close again as the heavy Vapor lifted and fell. She had not been"to bed all night. Her brain was too restless for ; sleep. Over and over again through the , long, hours of darkness she had asked herself the same question What was she going to do next? but ónly with the awakening day did the answer begin to shape itself clearly in her weary mind. Why fight any longer against destiny ? Was life so sweet to her that she need shrink from leaving it? Why'had she struggled against her fate in'refusing to ride Sophocles ? He would probably kill her. She knew it had takien all her nerve and strength to master the horse 'before, and she had neither strength' nor nerve left now. . But what matter' if she were killed? There would be one' woman less in the world. That would be all. Who would miss her when she was gone? Certainly not her husband. He had already told her in so many words that . she was only a weight round his neck, that he would get on better without her. And .Vallance ? He, would be sorry just at first, but afterwards, when ho came to see things clearly, he would : acknowledge that it had been for the best. ?There would be no one to care. A pitiful wail rose on the other ., side ,, of -, the wall.. It was the landlady's little daughter, a sickly child of two, who slept with the servant in a tiny cupboard of a room adjoining. The maid had gone down to her work, and the little one, waking alone, was crying in baby terror of the darkness and solitude. Lorraine fetched it into hex room, wrapped it in a warm shawl, and coaxed and soothed it into quietness. Soon after her arrival at Brunswick Square, she had made friends . with the child,, who had learned to watch for - hei passing up and downstairs, and fretted ii she omitted going to kiss it " good night.'. As she sat on the, edge of the bèd, rock- ing the little one to and fro, smoothing tm tangle curls with deft, tender, fingers, anc crooning softly the monotonous refrain of £ , quaint Indian lullaby, she thought, ho\j different her. life, might have been if G oe had given her a baby of her own, one singh human being on whom she might honestly have lavished the love which is the right ful heritage pf woman. ; . By-ana-bye, with full daylight, the ser vant came and took the child away, and Lorraine dressed, .herself and went wearily downstairs., / ,/ . Her husband was already in the sitting room grumbling at the lateness of break- fast. He looked seedy and red about the eyes, and exhibited all thedrritability of a man who is feeling the effects of a late night. ^ When he had finished his mealy he pushed back his chair and glanced across the table at his wife. * V ;4 ^ " What about ¡that three hundred ?" he inquired, bluntly; "you've had time, enough to make up your mind, I guess.''. " I will ride," Lorraine answered, quietly. " I expected you'd think better of it," he said, with a disagreeable laugh. "I'll arrange for tö-morrow, then. Pakenham; gaye me the choice between that and next Thursday. The sooner the better, I say. The weather, is open now, and*in this beastly climate there's^ no telling, what it. may be doing,next!week, freezing again as likely as not." v¡ " ' ; : V " To-morrow will suit me, and please make it as early as possible, Wire me the hour fixed if you are not coming back to dinner." He went out, and Lorraine, left to.her- self, began to make certain preparations. She got out her habit and brushed it, cleaned her boots and spurs, , and looked out a new collar and tie. In some odd way she felt as if she were arranging herself for her burial. ' Then she unlocked her desk and took out a small bundle of letters, an old pocket-book, a certificate of mar- riage between John Victor Lorraine Val- ance Vallance and Esperanza Gulietti Martinetti, and a small ; cardboard box, < ir which she kept her father's signet ring anc a diamond scarfpin. ! This last Lorraine packed up, with à fe\n lines to Job Slipper, begging that he woulc keep it'as a remembrance of herself anc her father. The ' ring she- enclosed in ai -envelope addressed to Lord Vallance '' Bound the little case she wrapped a shee of paper, on which ehe had written, " I an going to ride Sophooles. Good-bye." ' The'American packet she1 took hersel: to the post office j where she saw it regis tered . and mailed. She did not post th< 1 other till late in the evening ; by that tim* she had burned the other contents of th< desk. Loree was-still out, but he had sen a telegram, " Match arranged for ll to morrow." At half-past 10 Lorraine slippei on her hat and jacket, carried Vallance' letter to the pillar box and dropped it in. The pathetically short farewell reachei Lord Vallance's hands at 10 o'clock th following morning. With a sucden thril of expectaion he recognised Lorraine's hand writing, and eagerly tore open th envelope. The next moment he was peal ing furiously at his bell. " Send someone for a cab," said Vallanc< breathlessly, to his astonished servan: " and bring'me a brandy and éoda and * Bradshaw.' I can give you just 1 minutes to dress me." In 20 minutes he was at 'Lord Paken ham's door: 1 ? " Yes, his lordship had . gone down t the Court; left by the 9.45 froi Waterloo. Was expected home 1 dinner." Before the butler had finished his se] tence Vallance was back in the cab. " Waterloo,!' he shouted through tl trap, " and drive like blazes." He was utterly indifferent to the coi struction which might be 'put on his a] pearance uninvited at Bywell Co ur t. ï did not clearly know what he proposed do when he got there. He was only conscious of an inten desire to see Lorraine again at all costs, get down to stop her from recklessly ria ing her neck to gratify her selfish hu band's cupidity. But Fate, was stronger > than Lord, Vi lance. In vain the cabby, recognising with px fessional sharpness that time meant mont imperilled his licence, hy driving after t manner .of a veritable son of Nimsh the combined efforts, of porters, guai and inspector enabled the. young ..man liing himself into the last coach on t already moving train. W hen Lord Vallan flushed and breathless, at last found hims* within sight of the brook so familiar ever jone who knows the Pakenham count] it was only to learn that he had come t < late. The thin wintry, sunshine glittet and danced on the rippling water. Ov head a flock of crows,,, scared from th happy hunting ground on the damp gra wheeled in great circles, with noisy ca of remonstrance, ? , i . On the hearer bank between the willoi a knot of men scattered suddenly, as w a lurch and- scramble a frightened horse rose from their midst, and was led aside shaking and sweating, while the group closed up again, bending over something lying on the ground. There was no need for Vallance to ask what- had happened. With a sickening certainty of what he was going to see, he shouldered his way through the little crowd to where Pakenham, on his knees in the wet grass, was supporting the slender, limp figure in its close-fitting habit. Lor- raine's hat had been knocked, off, and the thick coils of her hair loosened by the fear- ful force of her fall j but there was no sign of suffering on her pale face-over the lips, slightly parted,-hovered the faintest ghost of a smile. "\ She had crossed Bywell Brook and the dark river together, and for her all earthly pain was over. V ." Is she-is she-?" Vallance hardly recognised- his own voice as he tried to frame the question. Pakenham looked up in momentary sur- prise j "but the young man's face explained better, than any words could have done his unexpected appearance on the csene. Vallance was grey to the very lips, and there wereilivid shadows under his dark eyes. He put out a shaking hand and touched- Lord Pakenham's shoulder. " .For God's sake, old fellow, tell me, she isn't-" " Dead, I'm afraid,"' said the elder man, gently. Another day drew to its close, and a pure, cold moon shone down on the weary, sin-stained world. Shone on the white sheeted figure, lying so still in the parlor of the Pakenham Arms; where Lorraine's body had been left to await the inquest. Shone on the-house in Grosvenor ' Place, where Vallance satin his own room moodily smoking and thinking. She was dead now, the girl about whom had cen- tred all the romance that he. would ever know, dead and gone beyond his reach for ever. \- He was young, he should get over it in time, men always got over things of that sort. There would be nothing now ¡ to disturb the even tenor of his way, to prevent him from marrying Lady Celia, taking an in- terest in horseflesh and pheasants, and, in due time", a seat in the Upper House j from living, in fact, the ordinary every day routine life of other . men of the same . social standing. And that wild rapturous vision of renunciation of the " world well lost," for love was over. No one would speak of him as Pakenham had spoken of Carholme, for instance, the other night at the club. 1 " Yes, poor devil, lives somewhere near Geneva, I believe. Of course, no'one knows them. Poor old Car, what a good chap he was before he jacked up his- chances by ? running off with the Tremen he ere woman. It was an old story, and Lord Tremen heere had found another wife, whose nerves were stronger and her indifference to his recurrent attacks of delirium tremens more complete than that of her predeces- sor, who 12 years before had scandalised society by eloping with young Sir George Carholme and marrying him. Carholme's life had -been spoiled by his marriage, and the men at the club had talked over the old story, and called him a Quixotic ass and a wooden-headed fool, according to their cast of mind. Vallance had listened silently, thinking how near he was to following in Car holme's footsteps. The;, temptation was gone now. He had ho :excuse left for . making a fool of himself. Perhaps, after all, there Wais some truth in the adage that all things work together for good. In the shabby room at Brunswick Square the widower slumbered peacefully with Lord Pakenham's cheque for £300 in the çocket-book under his pillow, while over nead a little child wailed piteously, refusing to be comforted for the " pitty lady " who would never again come back to kiss the tired baby, her sweet good- night. [THE END.] ! H.M.S. Cordelia, which will 'be remem- bered in Sydney in connection with a disastrous explosion some two years ago, .. is being . refitted with an entirely new armament, . the. ;WhojLë of hier recent guns having been condemned. 