THE I STER . -OF THE IIII Et By W. W. i'OODIFIELD, Author of' "Demos Dick," " the Manor (host," "*Ginger Joe," "A Donble Crime," Etc. "Oh, honey, wha. ever will become of us if this strike consinuesonuch longerF?" Such was the pitiful wail forced from Mrs Trotter, the buxom wife of one of the miners usually employed at the adjoining colliery, but who were then on strike. The exelama xion was rather the involuntary expression of a silent contemplation of the disastrous effects of the strike, than intended as part of a coherent conversation. The only other occupants of the little 'kitchben at the time were the eldest daughter Nellie, who was sat upon alow stool washing and dressing the baby, a boy eighteen months old, and the youeangest of a family of eight. .Ntllie was a tall graceful girl, rapidly approaching nineteen years of sage, with a well-poised head upon her shoulders, while her light-brown hair and hazel eyes set off her comely features to advantage. Her quiet and gentle habits made her a favorite wherever she went; and as she strolled through the village, or walked to the adjoining town of Nettington, many an eager glance was cast upon her. But to none was her presence so welcome as to Fred Shepperdson, who .n-'as her bean, while there can be no doubt that the bond of affection between these two young people was both deon and strong. Nellie felt that her mother's lamentation called for some remark from her, hence she Ob; mother,sut it awful to think that we have to go on ;in. this dreadful way day after day, virtually starving, when father is both willing anid anxious to work f". " Ah, my lass, it is hard, as God knows, theatrnggle we have gone through; but, Nell, it isn't the laiy horse that always gets the whip, responded.Mrs Trotter. Nelli?, who by virtue of her age, was her mother a oonfidant and helpmate, continued: "There's Tdmmy's boots want soleing at once-if he goes another day or two they won't mend at all.. Harry's jacket is all out at the elbows, and Georgie's trousers are only amass of rage "-the intervening sobs choked further utterance, andso the narrative of the domestic troubles of the Trotters was out prematurely short. The mother, however, took up the dismal tale, and remarked : " If sueach be the state of their clothes, poor barlms, - what about their victuals? Here they'll all be in upon me in a quarter of an hour, andI haven't a scrap of anythiog for them." At this point both mother and daughter fairly broke down, and their convulsive sabs and copious tears bespoke more uloquently than words could do the anguish of their feelings. This dreadful coal strike had now lasted several weeks, and its sad effects were pain fully visible in such homes as that of the Trotters. A ballot had been taken, and the majority declared for.the continuance of the strike. '.But the majority was chiefly made op of thbo:yonng and unmarried men, whose responsibilities were comparatively small. while the married men with wives and families strongly disapprove of tihe decision. The latter, however, were powerless to escape from the dilemma-they dared not set at open defiance the verdict of their com rades. Besides, the pit mouth, the pit bank, and its approaches were vigilantly watched daily by picketsin order to prevent any de linquencies : in short, it was dangerous for any one who was supposed to favor the employers to be seen about. Only that very morning of which we speak there had been a heated discussion at the Black Diamond Innt, which was suddenly brought to a close by Will Trotter bringing his hand forcibly down upon the table and boldly declaritng that men might do what they liked so for as they themselves were concerned, but that it was simply a scandal and a shame to inflict so much pain and suffering upon innocent women and children. There were sundry murmurs at this out \- -burst-of manly eandor, but as Will glanced round the room defiantly, no one dared to contradict hm. Now, Will Trotter was a big burly fellow, quite six feet in height, and built in propor tion, for the arduous labors of the coal mine had in no way disligured his body. Under ordinary circums' ances, however, he was as harmless, as a child, and on many occasions had been known to go out of his way for the sake of peace, but it was well-known that when his blood was up he was an awkward customer to tackle. In fact;. his great big heart was in his home, and nothing afforded him so much pleasure as to witness the happiness of his wife and children, but woe unto those who sought in any way to mar their happiness. With respect to the strike, he soundly cursed it and all who were directly or in directly responsible for it; and if the offenders could have been concentrated in one individual, and that individual had come within Will's vyce.like grip, the position of the former would have been a sorry one indeed. After leaving the Black Diamond about that hour which by usage is set apart for the mid-day meal, Will proceeded homewards not that he expected that there would be much dinner for him, the time had gone by for that. Immediately he crossed the threshold of the cottage he noticed the dejected looks upon the faces of his wife and danughter, but the latter attracted his attention most. He therenpon drew a chair beside the stool on whichNellie sat, and patting her on the bead, and otherwise fondling her, he looked in her faco, where the tears were scarcely dry, and exclaimed in his bluff way : "Why, Nell, my girl, what's the matter? Your facelooks as long and as miserable as a mute at a funeral." Nellie endeavored to frame a pleasant reply, but the attempt was a dismal failure, which caused her fether to continue: " Yun know Freddis coming in to-night. and he'll look foremiles rather than tears. Why, mother," he added, as the result of a closer inspection of the girl's face, " I declare Nell's face looks quite this, and pinched. She wants rest, chance of air, and must have moms cood port wine and atrengtheninl food." He looked neat his wifeas he uttered the last word, and the mute, agonising appeal which he saw depicted on her face at once recalled him to a sense of the actual state of things. .Without uttering another syllable he cot up, walked into the back yard and began to weep like a obild, his breast heaved with the violent sobs that convulsed his frame, I~'-w1tbe her tears descended like rain. His distressed wife, who olhisely watched his every movement, knew it was no use interfering until the storm had somewhat subsided. Prreeetly, hOwever, she went into -lhe yard, took her husband gently by the arm, and led him back into the house. The violence of the storm had abated, but as he laid his face upon his arms, which latter rested upon thetable, the tears continued to -fow. By this time the children had arrived from school, and were crying for their dinners, which the poor mother was, of course, unable to produce. The existing dilemma was too great for even her affootion and ingenuity to ,·, overcome. Will, to whom these latnentations were ex crucialioghy painful, got up with a set parpose on his features, and putting onbis Lat, he left the cottage. He had not been long gone when he returned, carrying a number of pareals containing tea, sugar and bread, which his patheti appeal had snoceeded in extracting from the grocer and the baker on credit. It was with extreme relnctance, however, that these gentlemen lad parted with their goods, even to one from whom in prosperous days they had received many a bright pound. What a commotion was created in the - little cottage by the advent of the father with his welcome eatables. '1'he children fairly danced for joy and caressed him as thouch he lad brought them a most numptuous repast. Thank God that for this day at least grim t want had been driven from the door I p Matters in connection with the strike were sow approaching a crisis, for the owners had publicly proclaimed the fact that if the ballot i went in favor of sontuniog the stroggle the t men occupying the pit cottages woul' .ooeie I0 notioe to quit, and they were not long in V putting their threat into execntion. Now, in order to carry out this delicate and Ct painful proceas it required someone of die. 0t eretlon, tact and moderation, because local i feeling was naturally worked up to fever tJ heat. Unfortunately, however, Bllndell, is the bailiff, whnoes duty it was to supurin tend those operations, poeaessed none of co these qualities. Not content with carrying 5m sut his strictly legal functions, he bullied antI at bragged, insinuated and threatened in a most insolent manner. IIe abused, domi neered over, and Insulted the women of the village, he terrifiedthe children by his un couth behavior, and he ohaffed the men with an amount of impudence and high -handedness that might have led anyone to suppose that he was their dictator and master. He could cringe readily enough to his betters, but to the poor he was a meroiless tyrant. A coward at heart, he regarded himself as the embodi ment of the law, and thus he erroneonusly imagined that this eiroumstance gave him immunity from the consequences of the insults he so freely scattered about. It is not surprisine, therefore, tbat he was familiarly known by the.ynonym of "Bully Blundell." But this in no wise disconcerted him-he rather regarded it as a compliment. On the second morning after the events e already narrated Blundell was seen march r ing down the main street of the village in g lordly style, flourishing a number of papers a about, and scattering his blaster and f menaces on nall sides. These papers were a portion of the notices to quit that he had to serve. e The dire news soon spread along the row it that Bully Blundell was coming, and the poor women awaited his arrival in conster a nation, well knowing that the impending 0 evictions portended intensified misery and 1e disaster. n As he passed the grocer's shop, Bluindell te exclaimed valiantly "d We'll teach them a lesson; we'll show re thesescamps what we mean!" in " Why, what are you going to do 1" in h terrogated the grocer. "lo !" retorted the bailiff, " why, we're in going to pitch these vagrants out, bag and e. banrgage-they're too well off at present." a Bu fellow,"l soliloquised the grocer, as at Blandellpassed on, "is riding a high horse `y just now, but everybody knows that pride Susullly goes before a fall." Little did he imagine that Blundell's fall , was so soon to come. t, The latter served several notices on t trembling women, whose sobs were too in tense to render any remark on their part in or telligible bayond the tad wail M: blv poor bairns! Oh, my poor st bairns!" Y The mon stood aboutin liftlegroups watch. it ing these ominous proceedings. Their re clenched fists and menacing attitude spoke be plainly the suppreseed emotion under which ve they labored; and it required all the efforts as of the police to prevent an open attack upon the heartless Blundell. al At length the latter reached the cottage of the Trotters. Will was standing in the or doorway much in the same attitude and tem. re ncr as his comrades. Hise hands were an clenched convulsively, and he bit his nother or lip to keep down the surging passion. Blundell, ever ready with his scathing er tongue, observed tauntingly as hlie held our. be thoe notice-paper: ly ". Well, Will, I have brought you a nice ir little note this morning, and I hopes as how ed you'll enjoy it." d Quick as lightning, and without a word, n- Will dassed the paper out of Blundell's he hand on to the ground, where he dercely he crunched it beneath his heel. be Blundell, still preserving his sneering tone de and assurance of manner, remarkred : 1e ~ Well, I'm sure, some people never are 11\. satisfied. Now, that I calls anything but a ad respectful way to receive a nice little billet. Sdonx, delivered by a gentleman." to Will, with his blood now fairly up, ad let vanoed upon his tormentor with uplifted arm n- and doubled fist, with the evident intention k, of felling hinm to the ground. ed Some of his calmer companione, however, e- aeided by the police, who were anxious to us avert the riot that seemed impending, got he between the two. and by dint of main force held Trotter back, while Blundell, only too ak glad to get off with a whole skin, threw the hlie paper in at the open door of the cottage and ly went his way. ag The miners recognised the fact that the ad strike had now entered upon a grave phase; at and in the afternoon of the same day Trotter, ,re accompanied by two married comrades, Jim Lal Siddell and Joe Mortimer, determined to ad walk over to Netherington and see what a. prospect there was of the struggle coming to it- an end. ed They proceeded by way of the North to Flate, some meadows lying to the north of the villase. The scenery was pleasant w, enough, but the three men were too sad at ir- heart to notice this. ne Nor had they gone far on their journey Ler when one of them happened to look back and as observed another inaividonal following on us behind. Thinking it might be a fellow he workman, they slackened their pace to at enable him to come up. rd When, however, the newcomer eventually got near enough to admit of recognition, the us three pedestrians discovered to their chagrin ch that it was the hated Blundell. ,is Now, had he kept his tongue quiet ho Blundell would have been allowed to pass without molestation, much as the men had ly been exasperated in the morning. Bat Blundell regarded this as far too good ean opportunity of having a rap at the miners ne to be allowed to pass-in short, his stinging no tongue was irrepressible. of " ow do ye do, gentlemen," he began as no he came alongside his victims; " suppose you're taking an airing after the events of t the morning." Jt oe and Jim strongly urged him to pass on he and leave them alone-Will, whose temper was evidently rising, had not yet spoken. *But Blundell refused to profit by this sy warning, preferring to continue his banter as recklessly no ever. At length Will Trotter he observed sullenly: e " Thou chattering humbug, thou'd better er be off as fast as possible, or mayhap thou'll rue it." ol Blundell, however, was quite equal to this Semergency, so far as empt talk was con cerned. He declared that he liked "good T, company," if the miners didn't. and con cluded as usual by holding the terror of the law over them. As he was the representa. a tive of the law, he argued he was at liberty at to pursue his course without fear of molesta tion. e, The meadow eloped gently upwards from the footpath to the other side, and Blundell occupled a position a few feet from Trotter r* on has rght. Sr As it was evident the bailiff had no idea of 's ceasing hi' interference, Will took a quick 'o step towards him and dealt him a powerful 'e blow on the left shoulder, which sent the " em'oodimentof the law trundling over the green award like a football. *e Blundell had not even now been taught ii caution. He got up, writhing with pain and 'e almost choking with rage, a condition of i things that placed him still more. at the mercy of his formidable antagonist. 't He commenced to chatter a lot of incoher. ent nonsense about the law and the venge ance he weuld exact, but he toot: care to re treatas Will slowly and calmly advanced towards hint. 1 His wild gesticulations. intermingled with threats of punishment, showed clearly that t he still retained a hostile attitude. In this way the two, men proceeded until , they were eloie to the upper side of the a meadow, Will being followed up by his mates, Joe and Jim. Eventually Trotter and Blundell again came within reach of each other, whereupon, after a little dodgins, the former dealt the bailiff a violent blow on the forehead, whisli sent him flying head over heels over the ridge, and landed him right in the centre of I a clump of rank weeds and underwood, in I eluding nettles, dockings. briars, eto. As the bumptious bailiff showed no further sign of hostility, the three misers walked leisurely down to the footpath and went on their way, thinking nothing further of the mflee. Next morning, however, Blundell did not 1 make his appearance at his usual time and place. This led to inquiries, which diselosed the fact that he had not been home all night. Day after day passed, and still there were no tidings of the missing man. t Great was the sensation created by this a mysterious ovent. There could be no inquest, as there was no body on which to " sit," so the affair was handed over to the police. By the latter t the village and its environs for miles around Il were thoroughly ransacked. Every pond, t canal or river was dragred, and to stimulate l the searob, the proprietors of the pit issued a printed bill offering a reward of £25 to any e one who would give such information as h would lead to the recovery of the body; but h it was all of no avail, anditseemedaethough re the earth had suddenly opened at a given fr moment and swallowed "Bully Brundell" h Uimmediately on the first note of alarm, the tt three miners, Will Trotter and hi, two companione, Joe and Jim, voluntarily came hit forward, and minutely described what had taken place between Blundell and themselves ti in the North Flts. The different statements so completely a corroborated each other, that at the close the hi magistrates acquitted the men of all blame, b: and did not hesitate to express the opinion that Brondell had richly merited, the t punishment he received as a result of his t a unwarrantable interference and impertin- s ence. . The miners were discharged, but there was a still no clue to the missing bailiff. e Allt this had a serious effect upon the in r habitants of the village, many of whom were o afraid togo out after dark owing to the a horrible tales that were told about " Bully d Blundell'e" gliost having been seen. \- The oldest inhabitant solemnly declared r that never before had he rece'ved such a n fright as he did when he saw the. ghoset. e It threw him all into, a., tremmel," from which he had not yet recovered; while an a unmarried femalo had a violent attack pf if hysterics from the same;canse. '1 Then, as usneually happens in these eases of 8 mystery, the local authorities, tacitly ad Smitting their own failure, sent-up to Scotland SYard asking to have a smirt detective sent Sdown to see if he could upqavel.the mystery n that perplexed thein. Hen&he; .thire shortly r appeared on the scene MI, Dctective Quickly, a very clever (1) man, whorexspressed him a self onnfideit that ho woild- solve the prob to lets in a marvellously short space of :time. The not resultof Mir Quickly's visit was that. he built up a nimber of elaborate theories 'O (on paperl, each of which had in uits turn Sto come toppling down .owing . to the want of a solid foundation, though this was not id accomplished until much pain and annoy. ll ance had been inflicted upon' a number of innocent people. Then officions Mr Quickly left as he,had come-with his fingers in his month. \- About three years hadt elapsed sinoce the events recorded. The strike had terminated re almost simultaneously withthe.disappearance d of Blundell, and now only remained a pdiiitdd memory; while Nellie and Fred. had 'been as married and were comfortably settled down. g0 For. some time there had been uinpleasant de rumors as to the presence of foul air in the Spit, which were a source of nesasinees to thosedependent uponthebread.winners. The use of naked lights had been prohibited, and n every sueggestion made by the Government n- Inspector had been or was about to becarried n out. To secure improved ventilation was the I or great desideratum, and with this view it was h- determined to re-open an old shaft that wsas b imbwn to exist in the North Flats. Many years ago it had been used for pump ke ingr purposes, but it had long been in disuse, ch and its entrance was now overgrown with tis long weeds and briar bushes. on - As a preliminary step the mouth of the of shaft was cleared, and a spindle and cage was he constructed in order that the workmen might descend and ascertain the state of the shaft. On approaching the water, which here rose or about six feet from the bottom, what was their horror to behold a human face floating ag on the surface! They immediately made ut signals to be drawn to the surface, and on their arrival there they, with ice blanched faces, told their ghastly story. aw The necessary preparations having been completed, the cage again descended the -d, shaft, and brought up what proved to be a l's dead body! sly Although shockingly decomposed, it was immediately identified as the body of Blun. no deli, the missing bailiff! The old shaft had Ikept its secret well, and ire but for the alterations rendered necessary, ta the presence of its ghastly occupant might et. never have been known. This, then, was the explanation of Blun. .d. dell's mysterious disappearance, butasto how rm he got down the old shift, that remained a on mystery yet to be solved. There wereonly three men in the village er, who'could even surmise at the truth, and these to were 'Will Trotter, Jim Siddell and Joe Sot Mortimer. roe The little group assembled at the mouth of oo the shaft-for the workmen had by this time he been augmented by a group of sightseers, so nd rapidly does sensational news travel-cast sawe-stricken looks at the corpeelaid uponthe he grass. e; Truth to tell, the inhabitants of the village er, had not made any pretence at sorrowing for im the loss of one who had treated them with so to much harshness, but his mysterious dis at appearance had imbued the affair with a weird to interest. The body was conveyed to the Black -th Diamond Inn to await an inquest, while the of news of the extraordinary discovery, made int was keenly discussed in every house in the at village. That samenighthowever,furnishedanother ey and more acute subject of disuession-an nt event bringing sorrow and suffering in its on train-ah ! oven death itself. w- About half-an-hour after the men engaged to on the night shift had commenced operations a loud report was heard emanating apparently Ily from undler the ground, and rumbling away he like distant thunder. The discharge of gas in and rubbish from the pit's mouth which immediately followed told all too plainly the let dreadful tale of what had happened. its There was a sudden rush to the vicinity of ad the pit to ascertain whatoever particulars were available, and soon there was a crowded od stream of men, women and children all rs hurrying wildly to the same destination with og consternation depicted upon every counten ance. as W ho that has witnessed such a scene can X9 ever forget it? The poignant grief so pain of fully illustrated by every act and sound. Naturally a lengthy interval elapsed ore on accurate information could be obtained. er Some of the pullies of the ascending and descending gear had been displaced or broken ,is -these had to be put right, then the rubbish ,as thrown among the machinery had to be er cleared away; while last, but notleast, blasts of foul air-continned to puff up the shaft at er intervals, rendering any attempt to descend a '11 dangerous proceeding. Meanwlhile the wildest rumors were abroad, rendering the is suspense still more agonising. a. Eventually a search party was able to id descend into the mine, and sootn thenews was .- sent up that the explosion had not been of a ce very extensive nature, but that several of the s. hands had received serious injuries. The :y case of Will T'rotter was mentioned as the ,. worsc of these, andin consequence he would be sent up first. i The Trotter family, who were present in Itthe crowd, could only receive the intimatien or of the terrible blow that had fallen upon them in mute despair, still clinging of desperately to the hope that the life of the .k bread-winnermight be spared. i1 The fact is that prior to the explosion Will oe was engaged in an out of-the-way corner. ie which was difficult to work, and to which position he had been assigned by the it overman, owingito his experience and known d caution. Ho was laid on his back, hewing f the coal above, as many of our minere have e todo to secure their hard-earned wages. It was just then that the explesion occurred, . thereby dialodoing a hiuce mass of the coal \- right above him. The major portion of this fell upon his body, inflicting terrible and a fatal internal injtiries, which rendered him' insensible. I The heavy mass that had pinned him to the ,t ground hadi been removed as speedily as possible, and, tbis accomplished, the poor 1 fellow gave signs of returning consciousness, e but it was a consciousness that bmucht the s knowledge of frightful suffering. He was a gently lifted up and tenderly borne to the cage at the bottom oi the shaft. In this he was placed, and, with Jim Siddell and Joe Mortimer coated on either side, each I holding ,i hand of their old mate, the cage was drawn gradually to the top. f On arrival at the surface, the appiarance of the injured man gave rise to a suppresses groan, for it was only too manifest that he r received his death blow. i He was placed upon a stretcher, and carried to his home shoulder height by his mates, the first couple being his friends, ,Too and Jim. Here he was placed on the bed sutrroundod by his sorrow-stricken family, while the great tears chased their way down the coaly cheeks of the hardy miners. The two doctors who were on the spot, visited the house, and made a close examina tion of the injured man, but they could do nothing. Will, like the brave man he wes, boldly asked theimedical men for their verdict. They replied, with a shake of the head, that recovery was impossible, and thcat the last act in the sad tragedy might be expected to take place in a comparatively short time. Will received this sad pronouncement with calmness and resignation, and indicated that he wished to be alone for a brief period with his old comrades, Jo0 and Jim. When the room had been cleared, Will took a hand from each of his old friends and grasped it in his own, after which he observed : "'Wehl, lads, we've been mates forthese twenty years past." Ay, that we havy," replied Jim, amidst htis sobs. " Bit I'm going to leave you now," con- Mrt tinted Will with Inoreased difficulty. eh " Botoro I go, however, I would like to g ea i a word to you about Blondell's death, whice has uweighed heavily upon me ever since the body was found." Bret After a brief rest, he continued, " I look age upon this as God's work,, for you kiow, lads; ' that the Bible tolls us that Ie will demand an eye for an eye, a toothifor iftootli, elife for a life ! But, as I expeot to.- enterleis presenoce very soonIsolemnly deolare that I had no intention of takiiig Blhsdell's~life J when I struckli him in the mehdowis; while k nobody could be more surprised than me when I heard of his disappearance.; When I am gone, lads,"-the breathing came thick and fast now-" you'll givean eye to the L missus and bairns."' :' The.two men emphaticallyconfirmed every word thatthad been uttered by their dying 1 aomrade as to the affray in the meadows, and'vdwed soleimnly that no effort should be wanting on their part to see that the widow and orphans were well oared for. f =As it was evident that the end was rapidly. approaching, the family were again called Sinto the room; and after invoking mod's t blessing upon theni, Will Trotter 'passed q cuietly away, his head restingupon his wife's breqat with one arm, encircling her nook, while the other.airm weas entwined round the neck of his eldest daughter. SThus it came about that on the morrow two inqueste had to be held at the. Black Diamond-on the bodies of those who in slife had been antagonists, but who were now at peace. And in both- cases the coroner and jury felt that they had no option but to return a, verdict of "Accidental Death,"- for in the case of Blundell there was no one who could speak with certainty as to how his death d occurred. Will Trotter was right in his surmise. Blundell, on' being thrown. into the bed of 'weeds and briars, had' laid stunned for a d moment, bat on etruggling to extricate him selt hiefral sleupport had given way, and he wa -.i etdo** , ed _owzr t o mlad' seifaith: respect i wahich"Wil l Trotter wactheld wasl it practically illustrated by the large attendance of villagers and others, whilst the proprietors Sof the colliery were well represented. I Neither were the widow and orphans for d gotten, for on hearing of the catastrophe the ,t executive of that excellent insititution, the Miners' Permanent Relief Fund, forwarded a handsome donation, while this was e abundantly supplemented by subscoriptions is from the owners and other local sources. [THE END.] 