S.: I ANYTHmIN that may be said or written F about Western Australia just now is P no doubt of interest to Victorians generally. Our corrospondent "Young i Wanderer's" .letter. not, coming to hand in time for this issue, we give an r interesting article written by Mr: Rowe, and published in voice, an Adelaide journal: a " SOCIETY" IN THE COLONY, ii Mr. Rowe says :-" In no province of n the groupe is:. ¶ Society"_ hedged round u with more rigid'exclusivdenes than in o the "benighted"VWest, where the cry s is more "Who are you I" than " What are you I" The little coterie that rules society'in the western colony apes the British s more .than the Australian society code, and its petty tyrannies are sometimes amusingly extravagant to those outside the pale of the "six families" 'and their multitudinous B "connections" of lesser light. There are several i really first-class families, whose antecedents are of what is known c as " the very best" in the old country, li but the 'majority of the heads of T society, 'belonged 'to -the respectable English or, Scotch or Irish middle a class,' 'with' a dash , of the alleged "lower orders" thrown in here and there, as was the. case with the early ' history of society in other parts of Australia.... From all which it will C appear that, as-far as' social order or w caste is .concerned, life in West S Australia ruins 'in a similar channel' to a thiatof the social world of the other e provinces. It..is as difficult, if not d more so, to obtain a foothold in" the n " Weld Club" of Perth as it is to become a member of. the Adelaide it Club. This'-'exclusiveness is carried h even into the amateur musical and ti theatrical life of the place, and no person lower in the social scale, than a p bank' clerk or a ban`k clerk's 'sister 'is i allowed' to ' cater' for. the public amusement in the Perth Music'al Union and the "Perth Amateur Operatic Society. '"The vulgar public i are allowed to patronise the entertain- P ments, but no recruits are taken from " the ranks except a; heavy' ` forfeit be paid, and the aspirant, if it be a lady, tl enamelled ' by strange devices. a Referring to - ' ' .P THE TnucsK SYSTEM, J we are told: The wealth of many of c' the leading families was acquired in tl the good old days ihenmoney' among B the masses was scarce,' and' the " truck?" system reigned supreme over farmer and,, artisan and labourer ' alike--'the 'days' when honest 'labour of nearly every description was under, the thumb of the truck shopkeeper, and men received their hard-earned wagesin shoddy. goods. It was only during the-last-,few years that this infamous system of barter was al generally exchanged for the actual wage system, and even now in some parts of the colony 'it' defrauds the labourer of his hire, and enriches' the ti usurious' shopkeeper.. By, ,means of P this v`ile traffic some' of what were h once the best farms in West a Australia came into the .possession of ai many of' the storekeepers, some of 5b whom are now dignified by the title of tI merchants."' Farmer customers were e deliberately encouraged in the purichase of luxuries and useless articles, and when the end came, their lands and labour and goods and chattels passed into the hands of the indulgent robber, who retained the lands idle for F speculative:/ purposes. Hundreds .of tu t,~oi idisof tonsof sandalwood passed' s by means of the truck system of e labour into the same hands, and were a exp otedat boom prices 'to the idol- h makers iand 'worshippers of China. F Until recent years the bulk" of the tl shopkeeping business of the community d was transacted by and through the u' old indentities, 'who monopolised the y money power of the, colony. "Of late f, things have changed, arid business men it from Eastern Australia are gradually b gainiisg ,ground in every town land settlement. ' LOCAL POLITICS. 'come' in-for strong censure 'and in the ti wholesale denunciation the Press is E included, and feeling 'reference is made to'papers which have failed.. The fiscal policy of the country (says Mr. Rowe) is a, bastard form of protection, but the near approach of a fiscal war will probably split up the , dull and flabby harmony hitherto I existing between the nemabers of the t Ministry and 'their' various hangers- 6 on-a harmony which has as its basis the discouragement of land settlemelnt and land taxation. At the present time in West Aust;rilia a' proposal to p tax unoccupied and, unimproved land I would be received in Parliament with a about as much sympathy as would the proposals of the Nihilists in St. Petersburg by the Czar. The wail of the landocrat is heard throughout the land, and hiscry is' for "population," to further add to his unearned increment and glut the labour market. The idea of levying an income or even absentee tax would be. simply laughed at in Parliament, and a. proposal for the payment of members wouldreceivethe support of about three Assembly members, and the rest would boil over with patriotic indignation at such an attempt to democratise "our colony." Members representing vast landed and propertied interests prefer to draw thousands indirectly from the State by virtue of their immunity from land taxation, to drawing a few paltry hundreds from the Treasury counter . . To persons of genteel occupations and to manual labourers who have no capital upon which to subsist for a time,. West Australia is about the worst place they could fix their minds upon. On account of the distance and the rates of fares, it is a veritable man-trap to those who would have little difficulty in migrating in other parts of Aus tralia, whilst the cost of living is out of all proportions higher in West Australia than in any other province. The rapidly increasing population inflowing from Eastern Australia is making itself visibly felt in thie Metro politan centres of the colony, in associations and' trades unions, and no doubt with an extended franchise and a wider scope of Parliamentary selection, that the "other side" element would be powerful enough to change the whole aspect of the political life of: the place. Several demccratic or liberal, weekly journals have been froien out by the conservative party 'which hitherto held the monopoly of the advertising power in their hands, and used it either as a lever to corrupt or a weapon to altogether efface straightforward journalism. But the time is rapidly coming when thie de minaid foi a fearless daily paper in the metropolis must be supplied; but the supply both in brain and capital must pome from an: outside source, so that no compromises need be made with the local prejudices purposely fsoteredby the two suibsidised dailies to exclude competition. In conclusion I may state that as regards Imperial policies, the leaning of the dominant party in Western Australia is towards Imperial federation. In fact, the old identities are much more English than Australian in sympathy, and always refer to the rest of the group as " the colonies,"' after the British fashion. All the "leading people, doncherknow," are always in readiness to squeak, out a bar of the English National Anthem in order to drownany cry for Australian national aspirations, which are looked upon as in "bad form," either in public or private. The ghost of Downing street still sits in high places in the western land of the swan. 