THE OUTLOOK IN LITERATURE. . . A LECTURE AT THE UNIVERSITY. Last night in the Harveian Theatre at the University, Mr A. W. Jose, lecturer in modern literature at the Sydney University, discoursed to a large number of students of both sexes on " The Outlook in Literature." The lecture was delivered under the auspices of the Sydney University Union, and the Chancellor of the University, Sir William Manning, presided The CHARLES expressed his pleasure at being able to attend and snow his interest in the union. He was thoroughly with them in their aspirations, and considered that the subject of that evening a lecture, " The Outlook 11 Literature," was one that must house the door est interest to all of whom. Some of those present he was BUSY would take an active part in the ci eat on of the literature of the future, and all, be hoped, it would be deeply interested in the subject, which was one that would have much to do with the attainment of their aspirations for the future (Cheers ) Mr. JOSE, in dealing with the subject matter of his discourse, said that about the end of every century the people begun to look for new and suddenly arising developments, the events 01 similar times in prose hug centuries having made it natural We were in the spirit of new developments especially on the social side, but there could be little doubt that a good deal of the new movement was factitious on it was with literature The first genera- tion originated, the second improved, the third imitated and adorned with fanciful and often far fetched cream, it, but the fourth wearied of copying, however good and a new era listen, its exact beginning depended on the arrival of a genius, not necessarily great, but a striking genius The great road of the nineteenth century dated from the lyrical ballads They light therefore look round with w wishful eyes for some work of s ladies and genius to strike the keynote of it new tune in they could Jmd not only that but the echoes of that time already abroad among their younger writers, mark in their work all from the old if the phenomenon summed up and developed the influence of the latter days basing itself on g merino human nature, on that foundation rearing a place of in all design, full of healthy and noble thought, however fantastic it might seem, und lion over faulty in detail, they in gilt have good hope for the days to come He round the nett loading-the pioneer of the twentieth century Rudi and Kipling. They might blame his extravagance, his ey missed, his mannerisms, his wilful distortions of language and tricks of rather turgid verse but beyond all that there was the stuff of which great men were made, the touched every string of the harp with no queer t au touch if they wanted pure pathos, he gave them ' The Gift of the sea * If they wanted the sorrow of simple-hearted men, or the despair of men who had fallen irretrievably, they should read G.entlemen Lancers " If they wanted the sheer mad love of riot or of lighting or of plunder, or the reckless madness of the sailor who had taken his life in his Land or pain the manly courage or the sacred mystery of mother's love, all those Kipling gave to me the lecturer traced the development of 1 feature from the time of Elizabeth, and declared that the sap was rising in us again. He said the people of the present day) wore sick of science, they were sick of self analysis, and went back hungry to the dearer tal passions. On all sides men cried out about sensational novels, and their greediness for the literature of trials and of murders, but if their great writers would not give Hiern strung, health) food, they would got it even from the gutter and garbage heap Science had done its work on them, the illusions of their f ith. as were destroy. ed, and the common light of day turned into and showed the nakedness and misery of many in old superstition , but they had new ghosts and stranger moments than ever. Ihn farther science went the more things it could not explain, and they live I constantly in an attitude of expectancy, so many and so strange were the invisible forces that revealed themsoltosdailv and moulded their lives Those invisible forces found their way into the new literature side by side with the boldest and most minute realism stood the cause of the ui explained. As the Hold of view had been enlarged in science, so in another way equally characteristic of the ago had the choice of subjects in literature had free scope. their interest had almost developed into cosmo- politanism. Their menu of books now-a-days was utmost a sea pie, tastes of everything between layers of p etc As the tastes of En-rhnhmi it had gone abroad so, declared the!ecturer,bad thoirliterattirotroadoned the interest and pathos of Burne or Wordsworth lay in their showing the human nature common to all They taught numbers toseoiiitlielabourcr'sstarvod body and mind the same intensity of natural feeling that had won from their ancestors their delight in more notable characters , but it was the common human side of the most miserable beings on which they laid stress for the present generation the study of humanity was being supplemented by the study or a new side in its fellow-men, which was the product of stem training and scanty fare Much of the progress of modern thought, said Mr Jose, had been helped by J M Pierre und Rudyard Kipling He did not de lend the blemishes in the latter writer's works, but enlarge on the idea that he was the originator of the new school which was designed to meet the requirements of the coming age, and after a graceful reference to the power displayed in his writings, the lecturer concluded - In line, whether we like it or not, the new life is upon us and around us, and it behoves us to see to our lot and part in it. What is this movement to mean for us out there ? Are we to be content, as we hitherto have been, with a mere echo of the common places of literary work, that like all echoes must needs follow its original, and that at some distance both in time and quality ? Here is a new world of thought and character opened up, a world which we may explain as well as our kinsmen over sea, and represent we are slowly plodding along in the tracks they have left, and sitting down where they have sat to admire the view And when we me a remark we may think it original, but as a rule we have got it out, of the guidebook A genius, of course, is the thing we want, and a goal is not manufacture able But we can at least see to it that when the genius 3 born-as he has yet to be born he shall be born into a world worth working on, and shall find an audience fit to appreciate him. And there is one way of working which is certain not to produce that world or that audience We shall accomplish little by servile imitation of our brothers in the home land, we shall certainly do less by affecting to despise then This peevish and petty affectation of looking down on the " effete race of Europe " is our shame and not our glory. It is not the healthy and high-spirited boy who has such feeble score for his parents, nor is it the grown man in his wisdom of maturer years. It is the " hobble de-boy, neither man nor boy," who thinks he asserts independence when he is only exhibiting his bad manners Make Australia a nation-and soon may we be one ' but take care that your new nation is one we can be proud of Reject no bein, you will want it all. And we who have deliberately cast in our lot with her claim as good a right to work among the helpers as the most native of "Australian natives," who is here by his parents' will, and not live on. And finally, never think that the patriotic Australian must necessarily be the unpatriotic Engbskman. AH we who speak the English tongue are, by virtue of that speech, sons of England, and men of 8h»ke»p_re'e kin in all good work that bears the English name we share, not a breeze stirs theoooanof her thought but we are aware of the rising waves. This now outburst is for us, too, to quick- our blood and r use our spirit, and it is our part to fit ourselves for no mean share of its benefits. Votes of thanks were accorded the lecturer, and the Chancellor for attending. 