— t r— A Gilded Youth's Patera1 Oh, tsll me of rural glades. Of .fresh, fre.' air and sjwa'ing rills. And ntfifo no wiAjn of st! van shmids, Or seething rivers, sua kissed bills. Go, bumpkins, take your fill of tbem, Whilst I 'mid peaceful pleasures stn:7 8uch as the tea at five p. v., The eerman and the matinee. Let others hunt tbe timid, roe, The bounding stag, the subtle hare, Whilst I in solitude will go And stalk the oyster in his lair. Let restless spirits bunt the snipe, Of prairie chickens slay a host, And still the plover's pensive pipe ; But give me calm and quail on toast. Go, ribalds, toy with finny tribes, And think to take their lives no sin But give to me, and spare your gibes, The peaceful joy of terrapin. From babbling brook and rippling rill, Mad roysterere, go drink ; 'tis vain, I only ask to drink my fill Of frozen absinthe and champagne. Let coarse young swains in folly stray, With rosy maids with hair a-corl ; I only ask a neat coupe ' And supper with a ballet girl. ' Ye madcap wigbts, who rise at dawn, Insatiate to dig and delve, J 1 do not envy ye ; but on I'll slumber till the hour of twelve. Attune your pipes, attend your flocks, And toot your flutes, if joy it brings ; I am content to have a box When Adelina Patti sings. With Gbloe fair, and Phyllis sweet Disport ye in your sylvan shrine ; An heiress with a fortune neat Is much more in my simple line. Go, breathe your incense-laden air With fragrance of the clover blooms : Its odors never can compare - With Monsieur Lubin's nice perfumes. Go revel in thy rose-clad cot, Voluptuary sybarite, A brown- stone front shall be my lot Replete with simple, pure delight, The Last Man-— There is one individual that we have always felt great sympathy for, and that is the last man in the procession. . He doesn't want to be the last man, of course, but implacable fate puts himthere and there beseems to stay. There's no way of getting out of it. : i Did yon ever wait Jong enough to see the last man in a great street parade ? Of course ' there must be a last man in - a procession as there is ahead maoto.leait; T He -is that thrice unfortunate individu'who closes up: the rear. He grows tired of waiting, long be fore the procession gets under way, and has half a mind to break ranks and go home. The crowds press on bim and little boys jeer him. Then, as tbe long procession moves down the street, he is conscious all the time that every body will be weary of the show.by the time he comes along, laboriously bringing up the rear, and no matter bow well he may march, no one is going to pay any attention to him. His only utility seems to be to keep the big express wagons from crowding on to the fel lows proceeding him The rear of a long procession always straggles more or less, and it becomes neces sary for those .composing it: to break into a 8barprun frequently, in order to avoid get ting left altogether. Then it is that the last man has a very distressi ng time of it. Dogs chase him and bark at his heels. He is cnt off by a wagon at a cross street, - which whips in and prevents his joining the main body, and if be isn't nimble enough to jump over the wagon, he. is liable to get mixed np with all aorta ot vehicles and cursed by the drivers individually andcollectively. Sometimes he is compelled to make a long detour of side and parallel streets in order to catch up with the procession again. The populace are not favorably disposed to the last man, somefiow. There is a disposi tion to hoot at him, and mischievous fellows have been known to tbrovy obstacles in bis way to trip him np. We hive seen him trip on a hoop,stumble oyer ai>oId wheelbarrow, roll over a barrel and be knocked down fiat by an express wagon going half a block. Yon can't help adpiiring_the persistency of the man and his evident determination to bring up the rear at whatever personal sacri fice. It is a thankless operation, though. Virginia Tradition- — Once in the life of every man he bears the seven whistlers' call. They are strange birds on whom mortal eyes have never rested, the whistle of whose wings sometimes falls upoii the startled ear. And tbeiftis always a portent of something momen tous for good qr evil, even though they may not ' dree their weird " for weeks after the seven whistlers' call. Like all portents, their coming is mostly in the gloaming. For then, after all, is the " witching hour." There is In the quiet ofa secluded country side in the twilight shadows which jails from the beavens a mystical significance of another world, and of tbe flimsy structure of the veil intervening, which is to be found at no other hour of the twenty-four. It is then, by some lonely wood pond, or in some valley circled by woods, that this hush is broken by a faint, far beat, distinct note in the air, not on earth or in the sky overhead, Jtaken.up and repeated six .times, and ever growing clearer and more distinct, and finally pealing away with a rush of wings and a sound of -, p$33ing like that which in all the Mediterranean isles singled thefieath of " the Great-Pap;' whea Christ was born. ,H ijj-a- Movels — Many novels, interesting enough and well written, are only calculated to lead the mind sBtray. Novels, like other books, are made to sell, and so competition is lively, authors vie with each other. in the effort to fill-tbe pages of their works .with the most interesting exciting plots' -thit the imagina tion can invent. It is not to that class of novels known to be decidedly obscene that reference is made. These are condemned, professedly, by society, and in many of the States tbeir sale is prohibited. But the popular mind is often so closely allied to the openly impure literature we condemn, as to be scarcely worthy a better name than that which is reputed. The language, it is true, is cautiously selected to clothe. the thoughts, but tbe sentiment is offensive to purity and moral character. Yet this is very largely the class of novels that is most eagerly sought and read. Unhappy marriages are largely the result of such novel reading, and to the same cause may mainly be attributed the separations and divorces of the present day. Owning a Home- — a man who is work ing to secure a small piece of property sub stitutes a new and distinct ambition for a re mote and vague one. Day rdreams about large estates and princely incomes may be very amusing, but tbey are not half so pro fitable as a division of a lot one hundred feet kv forn hnnrivari wiflv jiffJp 'HwpIHtICY — O house upon it. With this' before him, a man. will rise early and retire. late, turning his band cheerfully to any and every kind of work. He will have a motive for rigorous economy which will make it a pleasure' He will have tbe vision of tbe last payment be fore him as a perpetual motive to moderation in passions, economy in expenses, a bstinence from expensive pleasures and from expensive companions. Thus it will come to pass that a judicious debt, incurred at the beginning of a journeyman's or labourer's career, will become his good genius, watching over him, inciting him to all industry and self- govern ment. It is a critical moment in life when middle age awakens a man from tbe illusions that have been crowning the earlier, years with ibward glory. 8ome are willing to let the vision and tbe dream pass into easy oblivion, while they hasten to make up for lost time in close pursuit of the main chance. Others can forgive anything sooner than their own ex ploded ideal, and the ghost of their dead en thusiasm haunts them with an embittering presence. . The Prince ot Wales is going to pay £125 a day for his accommodation at New- lands during his visit to Ireland. He is more extravagant than the queen. On her last visit to Aix les Bains she wanted to occupy the Hotel Splendide, but the price. asked, £100 a day, was too high, s6 she took qnother house, which she got for £65. . But. then the queen has no rich mother, aa the prince ban 