THE JANUARY REVIEWS. The Von temporary fits Goldsmith's line "remote unfriended, melancholy, Blow to "The Tsar Alexander III, of whom E B. Limn has written plain truths such as are seldom spoken of a reigning monarch. The rending of the Autocrat of all the Russias is that he is a dull and phlegmatic ii " w well-meaning man, whose ethical level is a little higher than that of the bulk of his country- men, who is in possession of a false conscience, and under the influence of religious mania," believing himself to be the vice rigour of God He repudiates the British notion that the hair is Icptiu partial ignorance of what is done in his name, but explained his cruelties and fanaticism on the ground of moral delusion the pot (') names of the people for their " Little Father " are " bullock " butcher." Writing on " The Enuncia Aspect of Home Rule," J J. Clancy, M P , dealing Ireland Is over assessed, and submits the suggestion that the should not be called upon, for at least 50 years to come to pay towards the Imperial expenditure a sum proportionate to her relative taxable capacity M. de Rio water companies of the indiscriminate recruiting that goes on in " Journalism as a Profession," and thinks the crude utterances of unfit writers are adding greatly to the " general discord of chance human opinions." He would like to make it, strictly speaking, a profession by establishing a school of journ idiom , meantime, he is ovDorunoiitally training a young man on the plan that he would advocate Al ii by Darxioitolor reconstructs in a very vivid a id pleasing manner daily life is " The Midnoi of Country House, " there are a couple of temperance reform papers, Justin M'Carthy reviews G. Barnett on the "History of the English Parliament, " "Poasiraisni and Progress" is dull and instructively handled by the Rev. S A Alexander, E R L. Gould contrasts " The Social Condition of Labour " in Europe and America, and there is a provocative paper by the Rev T. U. Tonic " Why do Men Remain Christians ?" His argument is the battle-field between rationalism and idealism. He writes as an evolutionist, but holds that it is its unique power of idealisation which makes Christianity imperishable. After hitting out all round, the reverend writer refers to modern controversy on the analogue of ancient persecution In the fortnightly, J E Redmond, M P., draws from "The South Meath Election" a proof that the Catholics of Ireland are determined not to permit an ecclesiastical ascendency in politics, and urges that this conviction should go far to disarm the hostility of those who base their opposition to Home Rule on the belief that Irish Catholics are the slaves of the priests With You. being an alarmist, W J Corbet has written a very alarming account of " the increase of insanity In the last 28 years the insane under official cognisance in Great Britain have increased by 61,311 persons, and have now reached the immense total of 117,336. This increase of insanity being accompanied by an enormous increase in the consumption or alcohol, Mr. Corbet is justified in attributing the former to alcoholic brain poisoning, intemperance being known to be the most fruitful exciting cause of lunacy. From official reports it would almost appear that improved asylum accommodation and treatment operates disastrously, tending rather by its " cases to diffuse this terrible malady. Sir Lepel Griffin gives some highly interesting reminiscences of " The Amir of Afghanistan" and the archipelago of " Tierra del Fuego " is described by D. R O'Sullivan, who suffered ships rock in the Strait of Magellan and spent two mouths of miserable hard- ship upon this inhospitable coast. " The Dearness of 'Cheap' Labour" is expounded by David T. Schloss, who believes that " the true line of deliverance for our English industries, hard-pressed as they unquestionably are by foreign competition, is to be found in the augmentation rather than in the diminution of the wages of English labour." He says that in Germany wages are ascending, and the productivity of German labour concurrently advanc- ing. Herbert P. Horne contributes an essay based on John Addington Symonds "Life of Michael Angelo Buonarotti," and the Rev. H. R Haweis gossips most agreeably in " Ghosts and their Photos " As he truly remarks, it saves trouble to be credulous, but it saves time to be sceptical, and he begs leave to abolish the word "supernatural," substituting for "natural' and supernatural " the terms " known " and unknown " Mr. Haweis has never seen a ghost, but he seems rather in sympathy with the man who confessed he did not believe in ghosts, but was very much afraid of them. Sir Julius "V aged, writing on "Social Politics in New Zealand," eulogizes the system of appointing advisory exports" to give assistance to farmers, and believes it is largely due to those Government servants that the export of butter and choose is becoming a leading industry. Miss March-Philipps has been inspecting a number of " Small Farms " in the West country, and what she has seen induces her to put forward a plea to landowners to encourage any inclination on the part of thrifty and industrious labourers to rent small holdings. " Silver up to Date " is reported by Moreton Frewen, A. Copper Jones demonstrators "The Benefits of Vivisection" by relating the discovery of the bacillus of tetanus, and " an Englishman," acquainted with " Politics and Finance in Brazil," shows us " the Republic of the United States of Brazil looming large as a political and financial wreck about to fall to pieces," In the front pages of the New Renew R. Wallace, M.P., waves a banner inscribed Scotland's Revolt against Home Rule." He is fiercely indignant at the proposed retention of Irish members at Westminster, and wants to know if they are to be allowed to control Scotch affairs. He is followed by Mr. Redmond with a short paper called Ireland's Reply," which would have been better named " Ireland's Attitude," as it is a sort of preparation to meet the assumed pro VIBIOUS of the bill which Mr Gladstone has kept so close a secret. If it been "Reply," it 13 a reply only to rumours of these provisions. Naturally, this contributor takes a very different view to Mr. Wallace of the retention of Irish members, but he sees the danger of this stumbling block in the way of Home Rule, and grasps eagerly at Mr. Stead's suggestion to pass the Home Rule Bill first, and leave over this thorny subject to a subsequent session. Most of the foregoing papers on bimetallism have been didactic, without offering any suggestions for the overcoming of the present difficulty in silver, but Alfred de Rothschild, after declaring bimetallism for England an absolute impossibility, says that as the American Government are purchasers of silver to the extent of 64,000,000o_ yearly, " why should not the different European Powers combine to make certain yearly purchases-sav,'ottiooxteiitofabout_3,ÛOO,000 Sterling annually-the said purchases to be continued over a period of five years at a price not exceeding 3d per oz. standard, but if either should rise above that price the purchases, for the time being, to be suspended." He also thinks the legal tender of silver in England might be raised from £2 to go. Canon Wilberforce answers Ernest Hart's diatribes against those Women, clergymen, and doctors who have opposed v vivisection, and rejoices at the alarm their attack has caused in the enemy's camp. A scene from Ibsen's unpublished play, "The Master Builder," is given, the Hon Roden Noel discourses on English Songs and Ballads", and from the occasion of the recent performance of Writer's " Duchess of Main" at the Independent Theatre, William Archer, after scrutinising the Lamb taxation with respect to the Elizabethan dramatists, tratorses Swinburno'o extravagant and paradoxical guilty of the play. The Bishop of Colombo has published a book on Buddhism, which Max. Muller pronounces excellent and trustworthy, and from his ample points out what opportunities are lost by missionaries and colonial bishops of securing increased popular sympathy and help by collecting information that would provide ful to students of geography, anthropology, conceal name philology, and more especially of coupon the theology. f In the Westminster Review, "The Political Situation " is defined by V S Stevenson, DSM, who tries in it a striking resemblance to the situation in 1835 Mary Nogrojonto pays a tribute to Wluttter's spontaneous sympathy with his fellow-creatures and to the wholesome simplicity of his faith, a Christianity like that or the fisher disciples, she also points out a certain analogy between his "King Volmarjind Elsie " and William Morris's "board " In dated ing what has been done by "Worn was Poor-law Guardians," Matilda M Blake gives some amusing instances of the wasteful blundering of non m " national housekeeping, and appeals to public opinion to make itself felt in the direction of women being declared eligible to s as county councillors, Foremost among "the advantages of a decimal coinage "-which, staysails Perry Coste, is the model of simplicity and logic stands the saving of time and trouble Mr Cole formulates a scheme by a Inch the reform might be carried through without any interval of ru nous cm fusion and commercial anarchy, and doscrfteB lovingly the table of the new coinage he is Sanguine of seeing introduced Arnold Haultain writs optimistically on "The Present Position off Canada," in reply to the somewhat gloomy view taken by Laurence Iriyell in a preceding number, Edward King contributes a long poem called " Tea Pool's Gem," and there is a liberal quota of boot notices In Macmillan we rejoice to meet again our old friends Mulvaney and Orthena and Learoyd " My Lord the Elephant " is one of the most graphic soldier yards Kipling has ever done, and Mulvaney excels even himself in the mad humour of his vernacular. There are two other stones, " A Nameless Here," an episode of ? blizzard in Montana, and "The Sand Walker of chinese," the latter a gruesome tale, told with considerable skill A Mieluo tolls of the progress of the railway " Under the Great Wall," now being constructed from Kuy co (20 miles east of Kaiping) to Shan-hai-kwan and of the difficulties the " foreign de ii " of an engineer has to surmount " France and the Papacy," in their social and port cal relationships, are discussed by C B Roylance Kent, and he thinks that the Pope 's command to the faithful to support the Republic may eventually produce results which will once for all convinced his Holiness that the functions of Papacy be wholly within the spiritual world Of the other papers, a sketch of -horses Bowiok," from the ever charming pen of Mrs Ritchie, is perhaps the best, but there are others of much interest, n Inch space does not permit us to meet on In the A success Cattai u come yet two contri- butions, to the memorials of our Laureate Mr Swinburne's threnody contains some admirable st means, and ends of through tears shall the new-born years behold him. crowned with applause of men, Pass at last from a lustrous past to life that lightens beyond their ken Glad and dead, and from earthward led to seaward, guided or Imogen Mr James Knowles, the editor of the review, has drawn upon his personal reminiscences of Lord Tennyson Under "Signs of the Times," Mr W S Lilly utters a warning against False Democracy, "the direct issue of the French Revolution ," Professor Mahaffy denounces "Sham Education," and Miss Octavia Hill writes on Trained Workers for the Poor " Father Clarke publishes a reply to "Mr Mivart's "Happiness in Hell," in which theological reprobation obviously wrestles with the free spirit of debate Modern Poets and the Meaning of Life" is a very thoughtful study by Frederic W. H. Myers of the speculative standpoint from which each poet writes, and of the scope of the philosophic principles disseminated in his teaching Mrs Lewis expresses the need of " A Reformation of Domestic Service," such as has been advocated more than once in our own columns General Sir G Ches ney, show on " The Silver Question and India," takes the bimetallic side, and insists that the adoption of the double standard has now become a Government necessity A very opportune and interesting piper is " On Allon none'" by IT Yves Guyot, who unroll the French social and political map of the moment, marking in clear colours how the Republic is harassed and endangered by conflicting parties In Dai per Conan Doyle commences a picturesque and spirited story of the Court of Louis XIV It is called " The Refugees A Tale of Two Continents," and in the very first chapter "the man from America " makes an effective entry To recall the conditions of that disbo lute and hypocritical court is to perceive the back ground of contrast Trouton for a Ilitgenot boro (especially one fresh from the virgin VVOOCIB of the Americas), and to appreciate Dr Doyle's choice of a new medium for the development of his peculiar genius of story-telling Harper is always strong in fiction, and this mouth we have also Part I of " Horace Chase," a new novel by Constance Teuimoro Woolson, a writer unsurpassed in her handling of negro idiosymondes, a romantic story by H. Harlong Davis, a farce by Howells The Rejected Manuscript," by Elizabeth S Phelps Ward and a mystic parable, by Henry Van Dyke, of "The Other Wise Man " W T Smedley contributes a pleasant rambling paper on " The Old Way to Dixie," full of gossip on Mississippi captains and pilots, and rouse abouts, "Proletarian Paris" is explored by Theodore Child, who exploits the Chiffoniers, a class of 80,000 persons, describes citizen Jules Allix, and draws a desire picture of a Parisian toymaker Edward F Waite writes on " Pensions the Law and its Administration " "Why we left Russia is amusingly told by Poultney Bigelow, who had been commissioned by the V S Government to report upon the means adopted to protect the sandy shores of the Baltic against the ravages of wind and wives, a locality whose conditions corresponded to those of the coastline of Long Island and New Jersey There is an article on "Tennyson," by Annie "Fields and Chas Dudley Warner's cssavottos under the heading of "The Editor's Study" are particularly bright and diverting 