GEMS FROM THE SCHOOL-ROOM. Mies A. C. .Graham, of Anerley, has re ceived a prize from the University Correspon dent for the best collection of schoolboy ' howlers,' and they are printed in the cur rent anmbsr of that periodical. In an accompanying letter Miss Graham Bays: — 'When I learned one day the remarkable fact that ' Haied and Odessae translated Euripides' I felt that the time had come for aotion ; X was seized, with a burning desire to share with others my joy in these facts, and as a means of spreading the 'new learning1 I began to collect from examination papers and answers in class whatever would throw new light on old subjects. I have been some years at it now, and have pleasure in sending; you the subjoined 12 extracts from my 'gems.' They are all bona fide answers, the spelling and punctuation being unchanired; in most cases I have still the original documents from which they are taken.' Among 'selected specimens' from Miss Graham and others, given by our contemporary, are the follow Divinity. — Esau was a man who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottle of potash. — Explain tbe difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews believed in the syna gogue and had their Sunday on a Saturday, but the Samaritans believed in the Church of England and worshipped in groves of oak; therefore the Jews bad no dealings with the Samaritans. — Titus was a Roman Emperor — supposed to have written the Epistle to the Hebrews— bis other name was Oates. English History. — Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his inter ference in Ireland. When he was in prison he wrote 'The Pilgrim's Progress j' and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shea.— Wolsey was a famous general who fought in the Crimean war, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Cromwell, -YAh ! if I had only served you as yon have served me I wonld not have been deserted in my old age.' — Wesley was the founder of the Wesleyan Chapel, who was afterwards called Lord Wellington ; a monu ment was erected to him in Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately.— -Who was Henry IIL? A zealous supporter of the Church and died a Dissentry.— What is Divine right ? The liberty to do what you like in ohuroh.— What is a Papal bull? A sort of cow, only larger and does not give milk.— Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in the reign of Henry VIII. He said he was the eon of a prince, but he was Definitions. — - Phoenicians — The inventors of Phoenician blinds. Bacchanal— A native of Baohuana, in South Africa, Chimera— A thing used to take likenesses with. Water shed — A place in which boats are stored in whiter. Gender—la the way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical— A cynical lamp of sugar is one pointed at the top. Immacu late— State of those who have passed the entrance examination at London University. Hydrostatics— Ib when a mad dog bites you. It is called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. English Language and Literature. — Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endymion, which brought on consumption. — The sonnet is » thing that has in its first four lines two meteors (quartan) and in laBt six two meteors (tnrzette).— Latin of the 4th period was intro duced into the language at tba invention of Christianity 597 A»D., when tbe nobility and gentry spoke Latin-French and the -Danes, settled the throne for nearly thirty years. — Hamlet was very weak-minded. Fond of Btudy. But was too weak to fulfil bis duty which the Ghost bad told him. He was very good to his mother. He prof ains mad ness, he really only put it 00, but some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king aafced him ii he would have something to drink & he had put poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet im mediately stabs his father and drinks the poisin and, dies,— What do yon understand by mean the time of Caedmon, who flourished and wrote 'Comus' about the time that 8fc-i Augustine converted ihe people-of Kent. 