STAGE, SONG AND &H0W.; Shakespeare's immortal tragedy, " Ham let," was produced last night at the Criterion Theatre by Mr. Waltor Bentley I and company. There was a big attendance, i and the acting throughout was of such an admirable character that the applauBo was frequent and enthusiastic. As Hamlet Mr. Bentley showed great power, and it is a' character in which he seems to excel. The scene in which ho ex poses . his uncle was particularly fine, and his acting in the final death sceno was something woll worth watching. As Claudius, King oi Denmark, Mr. A. Lucas Bhowed to advantage, Mr. Lachlan M 'Go wan as the Lord Chamber lain carrying off honors. Mr. C. Fabert impersonated the ghost of Hamlet's father creditably. Miss Kate Bishop won en- coniums for her skilful handling of the part of the Queen of Donmurk and mother to Hamlet, and tho performance of Mrs. Molynenx aB Ophelia was exoellant, the mad scene especially being clcvor. Tho other chnracteis wore woil impersonated, and tho result was in the whole a really first-class play. "Hamlet." will run till Friday evening next, and those who caro to see tho eminent actor in ono of his best characters should' not misB the oppor tunity. There was a large and fashionable attend ance at tho Opera House last night, whon a complimentary performance of the society drama "Jealousy" was tendered to Signnra Majoroni by brother artists and pupils, "Jealousy" haB been produced here before, and will be remembered as being based upon the jealousy of a huBband for his flirting wife, his revenge and her eventually successful efforts to wia back his which produced the play last night are to bo . congratulated on their successful effort. Tho chief interest centred in tha re-appearance of -Signora Majeroni, whose voice has returned to her. Last niche she playod thepnrt Marchioness of St. Eliawith ail the power that has always marked hor acting. Her voice is not altogether strong yet, but it waB quito sufficient for ail the requirements of tho character. She was accorded, a very pleas ing reception, and during the evening was tha recipient of some magnificent floral tributes. The main weight of tho perform ance fell on Mr. Mario .Vlajeroni, who as Marquis Carlo, of St. Elia, showed tho pos session of distinct ability, and at times was very powerful. He very much re minded us of his father, and gave promise of good work. Mr. Augustus Glover played very well as General do Lucca. The other characters were Duko Reavio, Mr. H. A. Douglas; Dr. Sarrodo, Mr. Frank Cates ; Senator Urimaldi, Mr. A. M. Seaton ; Count Ernest do Rivora, Mr. George Majeroni ; Francis, Mr. Hnuri- can; Diana, Miss Lucy Bensusan ; Baronets Emalliani, Miss Bessie Tarrant ; and Rose, Miss Beatrice Elliott, all of whom con tributed their share to tho succcbs of the production. "Jealousy" will bo played again on Friday night, and deserves to draw well. A performance in aid of the Sydney Charitable Organisation Society was given at the Royal Standard Theatre last night by the Sheridan Dramatic Society, whoso pro gramme ior tho occasion comprised tho farce, " Winning Hazard," and the woil- ktiown comedy-drama, "The Factory Girl." In both pieces the society had the ! valuable assistance of Miss Louise Daven port, whose performance of the two characters, Aurora Biytiie and Martha ' Gibbs, of course, stood out prominontly. The other characters., in both pieccB were undertaken by the Misses J. Thynnc, L. Clements, and Messrs. A. E. Speers, A. E. Manning, E. F. Lind, S. E, Joftcolt, D. Clement, and C. Kiug, all of whom gave a creditable interpretation of their respective pa,tts. Special arrangements to meet the ex- pocted increased patronage of tho coming race week have been made by the manage ment of the Lyceum Theatre. It is an nounced that "The Mountebanks" will he repented on Satutday,' Tuesday and Thurs day. Ou Monday "La Cigalo " will be put up, on Wednesday "The Old Guard" will be revived. " The Vicar oi Bray " will be turned on ou Friday, and on Saturday tbe ever welcome "Dorothy" will be staged. The students of the Sydney Progressive Lyceum have lately attained a considerable reputation through tha very uapable per formances of cantatas and operottus which they have given in their cosy little hail in Campbell-slreer. Ou Monday evening they presented the pretty, operetta, "Congress of Nations," with results which ex ceeded those of any previous performance. The hall was filled by an appreciative audience, and the performance, particularly the elocution, of the juveniles was, on the whole, considerably above tho usual umatour standard. On tho raising of the curtain the company were discovered in the costumes of the principal nations of the globe. Tho representatives then proceeded to argue tho claims to superiority of the nation which each represents, a jury of gnomes, fairies, &e.;, being provided by the magic wand of Profossor Marvel (Mr. Sydney Rundcll), The jury, as a verdict, pronounced that all tho human race Should little differences sink, And in a closer union link ; Then onrth a new delight would show, For joy will conquor hate. As England Miss Overall sustained the burden of the pioco in an able manner, her singing of tho solo "An Honest True, Un tarnished Name" being exceptionally sweet and pure. Miss S. Richards, as Australia, looked dashing, and spoke her lines with considerable dramatic effect. Miss B. Carlaw was very successful as Wales, although she undertook the part at short notice, owing to the indis position of Miss Hill, who should have sus tained it. Maxtor E, Tyo was comical as Ireland, but Master Bob Richards, well made up aB the guileless denizen of the Flowery Land, kept the house in roars, and scored tho bucccss of the evening, his peaceful smile and song and dunco business being exceptionally aood. Little Mies M. Brown (Africa) danced a neat aand-jig. Miss B. Tye (RusBia), Miss 8. Brown (Franco), kiiss G. EftBton (Scotland), .Maxtor F. Roso (America) and Master Morson (Holland) deserve mention. Miss Miunie Rose was highly suocessful as accompanist, Mr. Miliington' conducted the operetta with his usual ability. It is intended that the operetta will be reproduced shortly. 