"THE AGE" ' AND THE RAILWAYS. EIGHTY-FIFTH. DAY. MR, DUFFY'S ADDRESS TO THE JURY. THE REPLY TO THE DEFENCE. MR. SPEIGHT'S PERSONAL HONOR VINDICATED. STATE OF THE RAILWAYS IN' 1883. OPINIONS AND POWER -OF THE AGE. SOMETHING ABOUT THE ESTI MATES OF NEW LINES. RAILWAY FINANCES. THE QUESTION OF POLITICAL INFLUENCE. In tho First Civil Court yesterday, hsfora Mr. Justice Hodges and a special jury, tho libel action Speight v. Symo, in vrhioh damages nro laid at £25,000, was con tinued. Mr. Duffy and Mr. Coldham (instructed by Messrs. Mallcson, England and Stewart) appeared for the plaintiff ; and Mr. Purves, Q.O., and Mr. Deakin (instructed by. Messrs. Giilott, Croker, Snowden and Co.) for tha dafnndnnf Sir. DUFFY, in commencing hia address to the jury on behalf of tho plaintiff, said : — "Wa have been so long on this weary road, and seen bo muoh of ono another, that I almost confess to a sort of sadness iii coming to the last act in this great oase. I hope whatever little unplea- SAntnesa may have arisen— and they will always arise when men aro zealous in the cause of their client — wo will part with mutual, rospeefe and liking for one another, and that wo will look back on the trial we have gone through with feelings of gratification. I am snre this will be my fooling, and if, as I am afraid, I have, now and then, in zeal for my client, exhibited far more tempor than was necessary, and so caused any offence, it is my duty now to rub it out by an ample apology. A TRIBUTE TO MR. PURVES. There is no one who has a higher sense than I havo of the extraordinary forensic ability of the leading counsel for tho other side. I feel it, and I hope you feel it also, because if my client wore to look only to the weapons in his hands in the shape of counsel, as agaiust the counsel on the other side, I fear wo would bo repeating tho story of tho unarmed savages fighting against tho Maxim gun. Look not at the Bpeeche3 of counsel, but at the faets proved before you, and on them ond a fair construction of those facts, not a comment nor any twist that can bo giveu to tho facts, but upon the facts themselves. "Whilst I havo a high appreciation of Mr. Purves's abilities, I regret he should think it necessary to use those abilities for a purpose I cannot commend. I do not allude merely to the fact that when he was unable to shako Mr. Speight's evidence in cross- cx&ininntion;, and that ho took it upon himself to heap on Mr. Speight unmeasured abuse, but that ho suggested th&t; tlmt gentleman was lying, by suggesting to him to read those por tions of the Scripture dealing with tho story of Ananias and Sappbira. Perhaps that is legiti mate, but it is not good tasto. MR. SPEIGHT NOT CHARGED WITH DISHONESTY. My client is not infallible# Ho has no doubt made mistakes, and is doubtless full of the fallibility that every human being is full of. But you will roraember that after Mr. Purves had attacked him with bitterness in his opening speech, ho said over and over again, " I don't accuso Mr. Speight of dishonest'." Whenever ho wished to say anything particularly nasty he generally began by making uso of those words. (Laughter.) Mr. Speight has gone through a tri.il which very fow men would like to go through. Everything he said and did for the past eight years has been rooted np. Whioh of you, acting in all honesty, would like to have your privato and publio affairs stirred up duriug the past decade, and put in a most ridiculous; and contorted fashion. I venture to think that whatever your opinion may be you will say that BIr. Spoight has come through this trial, so far as personal honesty is concerned, unblemished. My learned friend, for the temporary purpose of his case, and in ordor to snatch a verdict from you, set his hand to a task which ill became any ono, and especially a gontlcman who has some couneotion with public affairs. PARLIAMENT AND POLITICIANS. He has endeavored in a wholesale fashion to attack not only individual men but also Parlia ment and Parliamentarians, and tried to drag them in tho dust. Of course wo know that politicians aro no better tb&n; their neighbors, but when a man, by fiery declamation and abuse, seeks to pass a universal cloud over P&rliamont; and Parliamentarians ho is doing an ill deed to tho country, because thero is nothing tends bo much to lower tho national character of a people as the creation of a widespread belief in the dishonesty of Parliament. What I really complain about in my learned friend, and what mado my blood boil, U that lie has attaoked certain men in this community, members of Parliament, against whose characters there ids not ono tittle of evidence good or bad. He has used all the powor of his sarcasm and all the biting malice he is capable of expressing for the purpose of making these men look con- teraptiblo scoundrels iu your eyes, and asking you to say that these absent and defenceless meu being scoundrels Mr Speight must bo a scoundrel for having anything to do with them. Ho has done iti moro especially in the case of one man who, under the ciroumstanccs, he should have abstained from attacking. That man has yet to answer certain charges in another court. Yot Mr. Pnrvos has abused him as a scoundrel and a land jobber, and one who bad ruined thousands of people. If it wero truo, this is an ill timo to m&ko; a chargo of that sort against a man who in another court will have to answer that charge. It was an evil moment to raiso in your mind things of that kind in order to grasp a petty verdict, and to enable his client to escape the consequences of his iniquity. If my learned friend's indignation against Mr. Spoight was real it might be permissible to indulge in it, hut when he knows that the whole thing is a mere sham it becomes ludicrous. Let us look at the gravamen of the charge about which Mr. Purves grows ho indignant. TWO WRONGS MAKE A RIG1IT? Tho chargo which my learned friend makes against Dir. Speight is that ho received deputa tions. Tho first deputation which was intro duced to him of which thoro ia a newspaper notice according to this book was introduced by Mr. Deakin. I don't desiro for ono moment to make any cbargo against that gontlomnn. We &U; know that as a statesman and politician he is a thoroughly upright and honorable man. X don't say for one moment that his attend ing these deputations and writing let ters to tho commissioners is an impro priety, -But I wftnt -to-point -oub4hei absurdity, the ludioroueoess, of my learned friend, Mr. Purvea, working himself into a white heat over what, after all, his honorable friend sitting beside him had been in the lmbit of doing. Supposing it had been the unfortunate Mr. Keys, for instance, who had been the sub ject of the notice I allude to, what would my learned fribnd have said of him, for tbe matter Mr. Deakin asked for was promised by the com missioners? Someone must act as spokesman on deputations, and no one is more suitable than a member of Parliament. Then I turn up Monegetta station papers. A Mr. Briggs asked my honorable friend in that case to try and nse his influence to get. a station at Monegetta North. Mr. Briggs puts it that " it was first intended to send down a deputation to the commissioners, but it was afterwards thought that it would be hotter if Mr. Dankin would use his best endeavors." That lettor was sent to the commissioners endorsed, " Forwarded by Mr. Deakin'n direc tions to the Railway Commissioners. Mr. Deakin will he glad to know whether this con cession will be granted." Heaven forbid that I should say that there is any impropriety in this. I only point it out because my learned friend in objecting to this sort of thing lins plaoed him self in a ludicrous position with his associate. It happens that the only case in which direct evidence h&s; beeu giren of an out sider having intervened for the purpose of getting promotion for nn employe was that of Mr. David Syme, who weut to see Mr. Speight on behalf of a Mr. Jsm©3 Doyle and failed to get his promotion. We havo had a curious pack of witnesses called here, including Messr?. Melville, Zeal and others, who were hold up as angels, and' when I asked those gentlemen whether they knew that they k«d been acoused of improperly influencing Mr. Speight as members of Parliament, they burst into indignation. Yet, these gontlemen were doing the very same things as tho unfortunate persons who did not happen to he called by my learned friend, Mr. Turves, but were pilloried by him. My learned friend put before you the position that what the members of Parliament had been doing was wrong, in order to inflame your miods against my client. MR. PURVES'S ADROIT DEFENCE. Although I cannot congratulate myself on Any very great powers as an advocate, I do congratu late myself that I had sufficient prophetical prescience to tell you before we went into the caso what position my learned friend, Mr. Purvea, would take up. I told you he would try to escape from supporting the imputation which is the real gravamen of this case, that Mr. Speight had used his power to placate mem bers of Parliament in order to keep Mr. Gillies in office. Mr. Purves tried to escape that, and to prove a number of other facts in order to confuse the issue. He kept you wander ing Away into construction and manage ment, and everything except tbe things which roally constitute the sting of tho libel. What has lie done ? The most important of tho charges hero he has practically left uanticmpted to be proved, namely, that Mr. Speight has used his position for profitable political pur poses. He abandoned that contention when he told you over and over again tlmt he did not say Mr. Speight was dishoueat. Subserviency is the word which Mr. Purves used. He has proved a number of things which no one in the world dis putes and n number of things which are not in issue in this case at all. My learned friend might havo charged Mr. Speight with drinking whisky and water and then say in proof, "I saw you drink water on a certain day." That would not prove the whisky. He has proved that Mr. Speight did not sign minutes on certain days and matters of that sort, but be has dropped what was too hot and too heavy for him to carry. "WHAT MR. DUFFY DID NOT DO. So true is this that I might have applied to the learned judge to say as to certain charges by Mr. Syme against Mr. Speight that no evidenco having been offered ho would direct they be called untrue, and that if the jury were then satisfied that they were libels we should be given a verdict However, I tbongbt it would be very undesirable to divide the case into two, requiring his Honor todetermine the oneand the jury the other, so therefore I will ask his Honor at the end of the case merely to point out to you that many of the proofs given nro not rele vant, and many others are no proofs what ever. It is a curious faot that not a witness )ias been called by tbe defendant who knew any thing about tbe articles or gave the defendant information in regard to them before they were published. They have carefully evaded calling anyone who would take responsibility upon their heads. What they have done bas been simply to collect papers and facts after having made the allegations, in order to support what they have said. I will deal with that more at length hereafter. VINDICATION OF THE PLAINTIFF'S MANAGEMENT. This long series of newspaper articles which forms the libel is composed of a number of facts mixed up with a number of utter fiotione. Where the statements are not absolutely untrue, the truth is so twisted as to convey to the public a wrong moaning. As Tennyson says A lie that is half tho truth is ever tho blackest of lies ; A lie that is all a lie you may meet and fight out right, But a lie that is half the truth is a harder matter to fight. You oan throw your minds back and remember what an 'effect on the public mind The Age series of article had when they were first pub lished. Everyone was talking about Mr. Speight, and popular feeling was sot against him. It is said that the country papers joined in these attacks. So they did, but The Age made the charges and these other papers shot them off. The facts alleged were untrue, and The Age would not eontradict thcin. If what The Age said were true, the comments which The Age and everyone else bestowed upon Mr. Speight would have been fully deserved. Mr. Turves has said that Mr. Speight was brought here to make tho railways pay. That is true so far that undoubtedly the duty of the new commissioners was to see that thero was no improper expenditure of money, no wastefulness, and no roguery in the management of their de partment. But to ask you to believe that it was tho duty of Mr. Speight to make them pay under any circumstances would be undoubtedly wrong, for Mr. Speight had no more to do with tbe point as to what railways should be constructed thau I had. What rail ways were to be constructed was a question of policy to be determined by Parliament alone. The only duty the commissioners had with respect to construction was to give their advice upon it when called upon ; but it wab the duty of the commissioners to take over lines which b&d; been made by order of Parliament and work them. I need not go further to prove that than to read an extract from The Age of the 18th June, 1890: — "We agree with Mr. Gillies when be contends that tbe State stands in quite a different posi tion from a private company o far as railway cous&iuction; is concerned, inasmuch as publio policy demands tho construciiou of railway for the opening up of the country uud the develop ment of it resources, even if such lines are uon- puyublo t'oi a period of yearn." It has been put to you, How is it possible that Mr. Bymo could have entered into tin combat with Mr. Speight out ot personal malice only, in view of its possible result ? No person, 1 sup pose, was more surprised iu J uue, 1893, iu Mr. Speight enteriug the court with this case than was poor Mr. David Syme. At tho famous loulcvtr&cment; in 1890, when the railway com mittee was appointed, that committee was in structed as part of its duty in taking the comrai&Hiouera;' place of reporting to Parliament upon projected lines that it had to "ascertain the present and prospective public value of such work." That is to say : Here is a place. If we build a railway to it, what will it pay at preseut and in the future, and what effect will it have on the country in which the railway ia opened up? A to the Great Southern line, Mr. Purves said that it would have been reasonable to build it as far as Leougatha, but it was built beyond Leongatha to Port Albert. Tbe late commissioners were never asked oue word about building it beyond Leongatba. They were asked whether the line should bo built as far as Leongatha, and advised that it should be so built ; but then, without consulting tho commissioners, Parliament passed a bill to pink© it to Port Albert, and they were told to construct it. My learned friend has been harping on the Impropriety of tho commissioners having advised tho making of the continuation. The real object for which the oommissionors were employed was the management on prudent principles, of tho property put iu their hands, that property being from time to time increased at the sole will of Parliament, whilst their only right iu regard to now lines was to give advice when it was called for. Under the 79th section of the Act it is provided that before the second reading in the Legislative Assembly of any bill -authorising them to construct new railways the commissioners shall transmit to the Minister a statement under seal showing the pro bable cost of construction and the pro bable roturns j that is to say, before the principle of tho hill is adopted the commis sioners are called upon for a report, but after that they have no means of reporting on any alteration made by Parliament itself. My learned friend (Mr. Purves) has saved me the trouble of pointing out tbe character of the pro perty which the commissioners took in hand, and has done it in a fAr more gr&phio; way tlmn I can attempt. He has told you that when the late commissioners took office in 1883, or rather prior to that, our railways had been managed in such a fashion by political cheats that tQey were a conspiouoiis and terrible failure. DEFICITS AND DIVIDENDS. There was at that time a 'debit balance of £235,000. That was a debit balance for 1883, and the year before that it was £200,000. These sums would be what my learned frieud calls a deficit, and thoy occurred before Mr. Speight came. But let me explain what a deficit is. What Mr. Purves calls a deficit is not what you might imagine, namely, lot occasioned by au excess of working expenses over takings. If you were shareholder in a railway wliioh declared a deficit instead of a divi- dond, what would you understand ? Why, that' the takings had not covered working expenses But that is not what has happened here at all. Every year from the time that Mr. Speight took offico until lie left, the takings bave very mueh exceeded the working expenses, and what my lenrned friend means by a deficit is really this, that in some. instances our profits failed to cover tho full interest on tho money borrowed, as well ns paying working expenses. Supposing you had borrowed £100,000 for the purpose of building a railway, and paid 7 per cent, for the money, and that for the first year, after paying for working expenses, you had a dividend of 6£ per cent., that, according to my learned friend, would be a deficit of £ per cent. So then, what has been called a dofioit was simply that, even at the worst time, tbe Railway department was making over and above tbe amount whioh it coat to run it from 3 to 4 per cent. It was pay ing working expenses and making 3 to 4 per cent, on tho money sunk. Now, gentlemen, having stated what the meaning of that so called defioit is, let us see what the result of Mr. Speight's management was. If we are to accopt tbe definition whioh Mr. Purves has given, thore was n deficit in 1883 of £235,611. Then the late commissioners took office, and that deficit was reduced next year to £39,000. In other words they saved that year nearly £200,000. I am not going into the cause, but there is tho fact. On the second year they did not make a deficit at all, but in addition to paying all working expenses and all interest, there was an absolute profit of £61,483, so that what happened in that year was this — tho people of this country did not pay a penny out of their own pookets, but had tbe use and convenience of the railways for nothing, and that £61,000 was paid into the public exchequer. In 1885-86 the same process went on, and £40,000 was paid into the publio account. Next year the same thing ocourred exactly, but the Windsor accident took place, which oost tho couutry £129,000. But for that acci dent £80,000 would have been to the good, and accidents as you know will occur. In 1888- 89 tho same process was gone through. The railways cost the public nothing, and there was a profit of £34,060. These facts then show what the management ot the railways was under the late commissioners. It was a manage ment, too, under whioh immense conveniences were given to the publio compared with what they had to put up' with before. You remem ber how you used to ride in old dog boxes and rattle trap carriages, and how a great improve ment was steadily introduced, while at the same time money was saved. Then came a state of things in which no money could be put aside after paying full cost of working expenses and interest on money borrowed ; and how was this ? It was because Parliament had considered the broad question of whether they would make railways which would not pay instanter or whether they should continue getting a good income out of the existing railways. Parlia ment assented to the principle that the country should be opened up with railways, and did so with full knowledge. My learned friend has said that Parliament was deceived by the reports of Mr. Speight and his colleagues into building those railways. I will show you that Mr. Speight and his colleagues gave ample infor mation as to the facts within their knowledge. It will be necessary to go back to 1884 to Bbow what information and warning the commissioners gave to enable Parliament to fully ascertain what tho position was and what the result would be. With its eyes fully open Parliament adopted the course followed, and, when tbe inevitable came, turned round and endeavored to get out of the trouble by means of all kinds of committees and bills and aots. MR: SPEIGHT'S FIRST YEAR. But I had intended to point out to you what Mr. Speight did by way of improvement. My learned friend said tho only thing he did was to ! introduce the refrigerating car. The best answer to that is, after having shown what profits he made, to quote from an exeellent authority whioh my learned friend himself will not impugn, and that is The Age . Before The Age got into this war with Mr. Speight ; before it found out that it was a horrible thing for any member of Parliament to communi cate with the commissioners ; when we were still all ignorant of the atrocities carried on in the Railway department. The Age reporter went " west," as it is called, to investi gate what improvements had been made by the late commissioners. This was iu the first year of Mr. Speight' regime , and in an artiole pub lished in The Age on 8th August, 1884, The Age reporter said that since the advent of the Railway Commissioners many alterations and improvements had been made in the various branches of the department; tliat the running of goodstrains had heenadvAntageously re- arrangod; that overcrowded stations bad been relieved; that the system of despatching goods had been improved ; that the wool rates had beon most carefully revised, and had met with general approbation ; that rates had been cheapened with a view of creating an important industry ; that alterations and improvements of an important character, bad beeu made in the carriage department, which was now working most satisfactory ; that the refreshment department had been reorganised, and finally, that the whole of the railway system had been recast, whilst . the number of the district traffio super intendents had been inorcased, so as to secure greater efficiency and the safety of the traveling public. These were the things which The Age now called gross wastefulness and extravagance. Then they were praised and admirable ; now they are all dinparaged a abominable, extravagant and useless. But, gentlemen, thore is one thing The Age did complain of then, and it would uot be hottest on my part not to speak of it ; and what do you think it was? Of course, it in one of the things complained of now ; but you would never bo able to guess at it or pick it out of the millions of things alleged against uh. It was simply this, that it was a great shame we should have only four trains to Saudhurst and Bnl- tnrat. And now we are told it is horrible to have expresses to those places, and that they could only have been put on by political corruption. Well, gentlemen, tbat is all excel lent testimony of what was done by tbe late commissioners. THE SUPPLYING OF INFORMATION. And now let us see how they performed their duty in the matter of supplying the information required of them under the 79th section of the act. The first time they bad to do this was in 1884, when they had been 10 months in office, and on that occasion tbey laid down, I think most explicitly, what they were able to give and what they were not able to give. Their report is dated 13th Ootober, 1884, and is addressed to the Minister of Railways. It covers estimates concerning which thoy say that thoy would in their opinion be sufficient, provided ample time was given for letting the I contraot and for onabting contractors to examine the oountry, and if great care woro exercisod in letting the contracts so as not to make too great a strain on the available labor. They also stated that they were unable to fur nish information as to tho traffic likely to bs created, as experience had shown that tho traffio of a district during tho tirao it is without rail way communication ia no guide to the traffio which n railway may devolop, and that conse quently bucIi information would bo unreliable. So you see they put it quite plain, and there was no excuse for Parliament. They virtually said, "We won't give an estimate, because wo beliove it would be misleading to Parliament." They referred also to statoment B, attached to their report, whioh they said supplied informa tion furnished by tho Government statist as to the products of the districts through whioh rail ways were tube carried. .Having the informa tion thus furnished, Parliament passed a bill which was introduced by the Gilltes-Deakin Government. That measuro provided originally for an expenditure of £5,000,000 on new railway. But Parliament was Dot content with that, and added £2,500,000 more without consulting the commissioners in the slightest degree. That i? to say, they added 400 milos of railway which were to cost £2,500,000 inoro money, and amongst these was tho line to Port Albert. So you see with regard to a number of these railway Mr. Speight had no more to do in the way of giving advice or consideration than you or I bad, In tlm course of building the line it turned out. that tho. esti- j mate woro low«»« than iimi beeu anticipated, j What do Mr. Speight and his fellow commia- | sioners do then ? My learned friend has to j admit that in 1886 they wrote a letter when j only part of tho work had huen dono, stating . fully what the effect wis, and warning Purlin- ! mentthntif thoy were going ou with the rail- | ways it would havo to be at an increased cost. Mr. Purves had asked why, although the act was passed in 1884, this letter was not written till July, 18S6. It seems hardly possible that my learned friend should have overlooked the faot that the whole of the lines would not he built ot oneo. To havo done that would have monopo lised the wholo of the labor in tho colony, and we would have to pay pounds and pounds a day beyond tho ordinary price. Besides, as you know, when the bill is pased there is only in existence a flying survey of tho line and a diver sion of from 6 to 14 miles is allowed, within which tho permanent survey is made. So what the exact cost of construction would be no human being can tell until tbe permanent survey is made. Tlmt was. recognised by the railway committee appointed in 1890, which in its report to Parliament in 1891 distinctly says that it is utterly impossible to accurately estimate the cost of a lino unless you have tho permanent survey made. Therefore Parliament has got to make up its mind whioh eourto to Adopt, whether it will simply have a trial survey run and then adopt that line or throw it out. If it adopts it, it is taken on its approximate estimate. Nino out of every 10 lines submitted to Parliament are not built, so that if they were permanently sur veyed bofore Parliament was asked .to consider them a largo amount of monoy would be wasted in the case of those lines thrown out. EFFECT OF THE LAND BOOM. It has been found hero and in other colonies that the cheapest and most efficient way of building a railway is to make a rough estimate where it will run, showing any deviation, and if Parliament likes the route to take it subject to any alteration?. My learned friend, after admitting tbat there was a boom in the price of land, asked why tho land for these railways was not bought up at once. It was simply impossi ble ; for if the commissioners had bought the land at once on the rough survey, thoy would in the case of each lino have had to buy a strip of land 14 miles wide over tho whole length of each line in order to provide for any deviations either one side or the other. You must also remember that as a result of the land boom many people bought land at a high price, and when the sur veys passed through it they demanded an equally high price from tho Railway department. If tho commissioners had followed Mr. Purves's advice they would have been compelled, in re gard to that particular Railway Act, to purohase 40 strips of country 14 miles wide all over the colony. The idea was absurd, unless it was in tended that tho department should set up as land speculators. No sooner was a trial survey made than the commissioners wrote as to tho effeot of tho change of circumstances in the building of these lines. Thus, in July, 1886, thoy wrote to tho Minister of Railways ns follows : — "As we havo now ascertained by letting 238 miles of country and 12 miles of suburban rail ways the diifcrenco between the estimated cost upon whioh the railways included in Act 821 were authorised and the actual cost of the works now let by tender, we think we should submit a statement showing the results, espe cially as the estimate? have been exceeded. IVe attaoh statements giving in detail the work let, and howiug in adjoining columns the estimated figures and the actual figures of the tenders accepted. (Wc also attach summaries of such details.) Briefly the results arc that upon country lines tbe increased price paid for laud as far as it has been purchased exceeds by £14,420, equal to 41 per cent, on tbe estimate, and the works lmve beon let for £142,821 in excess of estimates, equal to 24 per cent. It will bo observed that the excess is principally on earthwork, bridges and culverts, and upon going into tho matter wo find tbat, nlthough thore has been very fair com petition for each contract let, the prioen for this class of. work are higher than have obtained for like work in similar districts for railways autho rised by Act 682, upon which the estimates for the railways now constructing were based. "Tho suburban lines shownn increase in the valuo of land of no less than £127,365 — equal to 175 per cent, upon the estimator, and the works an increase of £25,227, equal to 22 per cent. . "The first item is tho result of the enormous inorcase whioh has taken place in the value of suburban lands in the last few years, aud tho increase on tho works are mainly from tho same cause as the country line?, but in addition more obligations in detail havo had to be provided tban could be anticipated on forming the esti mate?. "We have oontinued to include 5 per cent, only for contingencies, although 10 per cent, has not hitherto been found more than suffi cient ; but, subject to this, the letting effected to date arc a fair indication of the difference between tbo estimated and tho real cost." WHAT THE LATE COMMISSIONERS SAID. It will bo seen that tho commissioners gave a full and accurate statement of what the result would be if Fatliament went on, and in order that there should be no mistake about it, tbey a month Hter on make the followiug remark in their annual report : — " The recent disoussion upon the cost of lines constructed uuder the authority of Aot 821 induces us to refer to the subject. Under the system which prevails — and if asked to express au opinion we should say necessarily prevail — it l impossible) to state accurately the cost of the work to be undertaken. In many cases the line havo only been partially surveyed, and the exact route, owing to local contentions, is left open, the limits of deviation varying from three to seven mile?. Imperfect information ouly as to waterways to be provided nml character of work to be constructed is available to tho department until an exact survey has been completed and the actual quantity and character of work to be dono has been ascertained, and therefore any estimates supplied must neoe»>snrily be imper fect. To avoid any material dilferenco in the estimated and actual cost, the department would require Absolutely definite information, and the ouly way to ensure this would be for Parliament not to nanotion the construction of any railway until a permanent survoy bad been inado and approximate cost ascertained. We fear, how ever, that in practice this would not work satis factorily, and that it is a feature of the position that certain points as above indicated should be left open, otnerwho development of the country by tho construction of railway would be greatly retarded to tho detriment of the community. On the other hand, although it is very desirable that an estimate when furnished should be as near tho actual cost as possible, it must bo borne iu mind tbat before the work is lot An estimate is made of tho cost based upon the work known to be necessary after the per manent survey has been completed, and tbat the prices at whioh such works have been let (there being always an active competition) compare favorably with the departmental estimates made upon sueh accurate information." All tbo witnesses state that so far as the work was concerned the department got it done on extremely satisfactory terms. In faot, somoof the contractors were ruined owing to taking the work at too low a figure. In the same report the commissioners said — " Shortly, it mny bo stated that under the present system of supplying first estimates the difficulties which always in the paBfc appear to havo ocourred cannot be avoided unions such maximum figure are adopted a will absolutely provide for everything, or estimates should only bo made .upon accurate data after the permanent survey has been completed and the exact route defined." RESPONSIBILITY OF PARLIAMENT. Parliament had that report before it and choso in it wisdom to go on and build thesa £7,500,000 of railways, £5,000,000 of whioh Mr. Speight reported on, but in regard to £2.500,000 ho had no opportunity of saying any- ; thing, because those lines wore inserted in the bill after it was introduced by tho Government. It was said those lines were oonstruoted at a greater oost than was necessary, Tbo answer is, Parliament was thoroughly warned of tho oot, and yet decided that thny should be built. But, as a matter of fact, even with tho extra expendiiuro involved' by the land boom, they were tho cheapest lines ever built, and oomparo favorably with tho lines built in New South Wales. A tabulated statement in the report of the Railways Commissioners for 1892 shows that up to 1871 tho Average cost of construction, including rolling stock and everything, was £32.000 a mile, which was reduced down to £13,757 in 1883. Sinco the late commissioners camo into offico the price 1 never reached £14,000 a mile, except during the boom year. So tbat these lines, about whioh suoh a terrible outcry has been made, were not so dear as it had beon made to appear, And, in faot, wcro the cheapest oon«truoted. In 1890 a coalition Ministry proposed a bill to build another £5,000,000 worth of railway?. The commissioner wero asked to roport upon tho proposal, and they did so on the 16th Juno, 1890. Thoy stated they had carefully oonsidured the estimate, based upon tho oost of the lines constructed ' under the act of 1884, and in'riieatcd that In consequenco of the higher price of land And the uao of stoel rails the cost of thoso lines would be much heavier. Mr. Purves's complaint was tbat inl8S4 the commissioners estimated the proposed lines so low that thoy induced tho country — that i?, Parliament — to agree to the proposals, whereas in 1890 they estimated tho price to be so much higher tbat The Age said the commis sioners, " By reason of their extravagance ren dered it unwise and improper and impossible for Parliament to authorise the eonstruotlou of such lines, though it was desirable so to do." What, followed? The £5,000,000 worth of railways wero submitted to Parliament with the Railway Commissioners' estimate of cost, and it is utterly untrue that Parliament was either induced to make or not to mako tho railways in 1890. The Opposi tion members carried a number of lines by whioh tho cost of tho proposed railways was increased from £5,000,000 to £7,500,000. Mr. Speight was never consulted about this inorease, but was asked to mako another report, and lie did so on tho 12th July, 1890. It was then that the ory of aheap railways arose. Every momber wanted a line, but as no more money was available it was suggested tbat tho money might provide a suffi cient number of railways if they wero built cheaper. In his report, Mr. Speight said that — "Hitherto railways bad been built on a cer tain standard, and if you wish these railways to be built to that standard we will do it. If, on the other hand, you want tramways, say to, and wo will do so." He compares in this dooument the adopted lines of tho tramways, and he also sets out what bo thinks will be the effeot of them, going at great length into the cost of different items. On that Parliament saw that it was reduced to the necessity of either building only a modorate set of railways, or an im moderate set. It repealed Section 79, whioh authorised the Railways Commissioners to advise on railways, and also repoaled the right of the oommisioner8 to oonitruot railways, and appointed a committee of its own to attend to that. Mr. Speight fully pointed out what the effect would be if the 1884 aot were carried out, and the lines built under the 1884 act were the cheapest ever constructed. On the 1890 bill Mr. Speight made a certain report, and the effeot of it was that Parliament put the matter into the hands of it own people, the Standing Committee on Railways, That committeo has absolutely done nothing as far as construction is concerned, but it has said that Mr. Speight is thoroughly justified in his con tention tbat you can never get an accurate esti- l mate of cost except after final survey. It is charged that the estimates were too low for the 1884 bill, but too high under tbe 1890 bill. The estimates for 1890 were based on the absolute construction cost whioh was inourred under the act of 1884. CHEAP VERSUS COSTLY RAILWAYS. My learned friend has asked you to say that the 1890 estimate was excessive, because cer tain persons say that they could make the lines for less, and because Mr. Rconick, a Government engineer, says that he could make them for less. My learned friend has suggested that Mr. Ren- niok hod said that he could make them cheaper. As a matter of fact Mr Rcnnick was asked wlmt he could do, by the committee, if he were to leave out certain platforms and stations, and put less metal on approach roads, having only two sleepers where thero used to be three, and so on. Mr. Rennick said that he could make a lineliko that much cheaper, and submit ted a report in which he said what he could leave out, with tho result of estimating tho projected lines 10 per cent, cheaper than the estimate previously sent in. Cheap railways were never asked for till 1890. The Age was then no longer satisfied with tho late commis sioners' administration. My learned friend has been very careful to keep ue in tbe dark as to the reason of it. Although I said I would call Mr. Speight, he would not undertake to put Mr. Syme in tho box; because he know tbat if ho did I would havo torn from him the reason of theso attack and who wroto them. Actually, for the first time to-day Mr. Sohuler is not here. He has been very deeply concerned in thecase, and he has not been called, although my learned friend hail briefed to him cortain facts that Mr. Schuler was supposed to be able to give. My learned friend cross-examined Mr. Speight as to whether ho had not said this and that to Mr. Schuler, and whether Mr. 'Schuler had not gone to him holding out the olivo branch of peace. They did not call Mr. Schulor to depose to that. Thoy were frightened Mr, Schulor know too muoli, and it might be dragged out of him. THE DEFENDANT'S WITNESSES. Mr. Sweet said ho had not the slightest idea as to who wrote the articles, or Mr. Lambie either. Those artioles must have fallen down from the heaven?, or beon brought into tho office by soma modern Junius, who deposited them on tho sub editor's table surreptitiously and fled. .. My learned friend told me that Mr. Syme did not writo the articles in the opening of this case, but that tlicy had boon written by a gentleman who was a credit to Australian journalism, and who would probably be called. However, he did not call him. Mr. PurvcB, for tho defendant, says that information was refused to G. F. H. Schuler at tbo railway offices on an occasion when he called for particulars re land compensa tion and land taken for station areas in July, 1890; but Mr. Schuler was not called. WHAT WAS THE DEFENDANT'S OBJECT ? I have my own opinions as to the object of tbe libels. My learned friend in hi opening said Mr. Syme might have thought well of tbe idea of leasing tbe railways. My learned friend haB not said much on that subject at tbe olose. Some one may have thought that the best way to get leasing tho railways brought about would havo been by bursting up tho old commis sioner. It is admitted by my learned friend that . the object of The Age was to get rid of Mr. Speight. In his opening address Mr, Purves said, " The Railway department was Speight from the day he landed, aud Speight to tbo day when he was forced to tender his resig nation forced to do so, my friend says, if thore is any valuo in human testimony, not through article in fJhe Age, but other argu ments which were expressed at the time. No one is moro capable of eating a nice savory pudding made of his own word thau my learned frieud, when necessary ; but you see that The Age write one articlo and something is done, it writes another artiolo and something else is done ; and then The Age says, " Mr. Speight must go," and bo goes. TESTIMONIAL TO TKEDEFENDANT. Every ohild knows tho history of The Age in this oountry. It has been conducted with enor mous perseverance and enormous determination, and with very great ability, no doubt. Mr. Syme would probably have become a successful man in auything ho devoted himself to on account of his determination, and Mr. Syme at length brought The Age to bocomo au organ of immense political power, whioh wn at the same time highly instructive and benofioial to tho publio. He could say, as did tho centurion of old— "I also am a man in authority, having ser vants under mo. And I say to ono 'Oomo,' and he oometh, and to another ' Go,' and he gocth." But the servants of Mr. Byrne wore members of Parliament and Ministries. Having the power to direot these people, in 1890 iio deter mined to put out tho Gillies Government, so far as these articles show, and to support their successors, whoever tbey may have beon. It might have boon that there was merely a politi cal objoot to serve when these artioles were commenced, and perhaps Mr. Syme had no deadly enmity to Mr. Speight ; but he certainly determined on putting out the Gillie Govern ment, and for the purpose of doing so he over and over again accused tho commissioners of grovelling to the Ministry. Tho Government went out. MY BROTHER'S GOVERNMENT. ' Tbon came into power the Ministry known ns tho Muuro, and afterwards the Shiels Govern ment. That Ministry I porhaps had no very great animosity towards, a my brother was a member of it, but it is very certain that that Ministry held office entirely through the support of The Ape nowspnper. It was known that if the Shiels Ministry for one moment lost the support of The Age it would straightway have disappeared. You have heard the correspondence whioh haa been read, that Mr. Shiels opened with the Railways Commissioners. In respect to that, Mr. Shiels was to have come here to have seen us. I should have enjoyed half on hour's interview with him, to find out who really prepared the material for Mr. Shiels to write upon. No doubt tho pros is an enormous power in ndvanoing civilisation. But although it is a great weapou in fighting for freedom, it can be also used in a private, quarrel. That is precisely tho fault wo find with The Ape, Having an onormous power, it wielded it for the purpose of foroing the Shiels Government into destroying Mr. Speight. Aud so it was that Mr. Wheeler, went to the Railway department with a foregone conclusion that Mr. Speight was wrong. Tho commissioners' lettor of 17th March, 1892, to tho Minister, was ad mittedly written bofore they reoeivod their notico of suspension. It recapitulates what bad taken place between them and the Minister, and Mr. Wheeler admitted in the witnoss box tlmt that statement was acourate. Tbe lettor shows clearly that the commissioners did not moot tho Minister ia a spirit of hostility, and thero is nothing in it which justifies the sup position that Mr. Speight at that time was endeavoring to injure or impede tho Minister in his duties. THE TRANSFER OF POWER. Up to 1890 the sole authority to manage the railway was in tho hands of the commissioners, the only limitation being that they had to sub mit to tho Executive. After the famous Shiels correspondence Mr. Shiels oarried in Parlia ment an act whioh took out of the commis sioners' hands the sole right of managing the railways, and put it in the hands of the Minister. Tho aot said that the Minister might at any time request the commissioners to pro pose in writing a scheme for increasing tbo income, or to earry out any matter of gene ral polioy that might bo proposed by tbe Minister. Then, if the Minister did not approve of their scheme, he was empowered to submit one himself, and the commissioners had to take tho necessary stops to give it effect. Practi cally the Minister was put over tbe heads of the commissioners, and obtained a perfeot right to interfere. Qe could ask the commissioners for a sohsmo, then say he did not like it, then propose one himself, and require the commis sioners to oarry it out. With regard to Mr. Wheeler, the commissioners fairly and honestly said to him, "You have con sulted us about certain changes, including shorter milengo, knocking off of trains, &o.;, and we have given you our opinion, which is, that we think it is extremely doubtful as to whether your pro posals will rcauit in benefit ; bnt if you like to tako tho responsibility we will oarry thorn out. If, on the other hand, you ask us to take the responsibility, we must 'have a scheme that seems feasible to us." Now, that seem to me to have been a most reasonable attitudo to assume. A celebrated Frenoh writer parodied the liberty of the press in one of his comedies. "Tbo press," he said in effeot, " is perfeotly free. Provided it makes noattaok on politics or religion, or indulges in private scandal, or says anything derogatory to tbe king, aud does not abuse any high nobleman, it can say what it likes." That was preoisely the freedom whioh Mr. Wheeler, acting on behalf of his Government at the bsck of The Age , wished to give to Mr. Speight and his colleagues. Addressing the commissioners he said, " We have to make up £250,000, and in order to do that you have to reduce expenses by £100,000, and make £150,000 moro income." Mr. Speight answered, "I do not soe any way of doing that. I have always told you that if you built a number of new lines thoy would not pay at once. You have built a num ber of lines, and you cannot expect them to pay yet, especially in this time of depression. The only way is to wait a bit until the lines are moro used, and they will pay in tho end." "Oh, no," Mr. Wheeler rejoined, "I want an imme diate change. Wo have put Gillies and Deakin out, and having come into office we have to mako the railways pay." "I do not . think you oan," said Mr. Speight ; " but if you insist it will certainly be at tho cost of tho oountry. You will have to increase tho rates on agricul tural produce, and will thus be kill ing tho goo9Q that lays a golden egg." "No," said, Mr. Wheeler again, "that will never do. Every oountry member would be down on us. You must not touoh the agricul tural freights." "Very well, then," says Mr. Spoight, "tho only other thing I oan seo is to out down salaries and wages." "Wages!" exclaimed Mr. Wheeler. " Out down salaries as much as you like, but not the wages. My Ministry won't have that." " Well," said Mr. Speight, " You won't promul gate a sob e me yourself, and you ask me to do so ; but, whatever I propose, you say your Govern ment won't havo it." Mr. Wheeler, in faot, wanted to cat his cake and havo it, and desired Mr. Speight to perform that impossible feat. In other words, Mr. Wheeler, acting for the Shiels Government and The Age, desired the commis sioners to take tho responsibility in a way that if tho alterations had been successful in increas ing tho revenue it could be said that tbe Shiols Government did it ; but, if on tho other hand the reduoiog of wages and stopping of trains and increasing of fares produced general discontent and no increase of revenue, tho Government might say, "We or© very sorry, but wo did not do it ; it was Speight." Hero was a real caso of political pressure. Mr. Wheeler went to Mr. Speight and said, " Wo want a roport for whioh you will bo responsible, but you must mako no reduction in wages and no Increnso in agricul tural freights, as that would displease tho employes and farmers. You must just make a report of what we think best, you taking tho responsibility, for we won't." Now, if tbat had .ooourred to any of you gentlemen, would you not have said, "Mr. Wheeler, there Is the aot of Parliament, and if you want me to make a report I will mako one, but it will bo ono whioh I think will be the best for the country." But Mr. Speight was even moro accommodating than that. Ho said, " I will reoom- mond certain things, but my recommendation will be accompanied with an explanation about them." And tbat is what he did in his memo, to tbe Minister of tho 9th March, 1892. From tho day on which that memo, was sent in Mr. Speight's days wero n umbered ; exactly eight days afterwards he disappeared from tho office, as far as the then Government was concerned never to return. Whydidtbey try toforcetho unfortunate Speight into the position of a political partisan ? MIL DUFFY'S INACCURACIES SET RIGHT. I am lucky in having one attentive listener in my honorable friend, Mr. Deakin, who has been good enough to point out to his Honor during your nbsonco at luncheon soma inacaurnoies in my statement, and it is my duty to sot them right at once. The first is that I nm inaccurate in the figures I gavo as to tbo amount of monoy involved in tho construc tion of Ube railways in tho aot of 1834, and tho amounts subsequently added by Par liament without consulting Mr. Speight. I will givo you tho exnet figure. Tho bill provided for 926 mile of railways at an estimated cost of £4,186,687, and Parliament, without consulting Mr. Speight, inoreaied tho mileage from 926 to 1206 miles. The bill of 1890 originally sub mitted by the Government provided for tho con struction of £5,000,000 worth of railway?, anil was increased to £7,500,000. In the oxocrr of my enthusiasm I said the Railway Committee hod disappeared like a howling ghost, and that it had not done anything, Mr. Deakin Iias pointed out that they recommonded Parliament to con struct three railway lines, namely, Natimuk to Gorokc, Heidelberg to Alphhigton and Nathalia to Picola, all of whioh have been sanctioned by aots of Parliament, but nono of them con structed. HIS HONOR : The other sido say they have Mr. DUFFY : I understand not. The third statement which Mr. Deakin says is inacourate is that I told you that the lines in tho sot of 1884, with all their tmpcrfootions, and notwith standing tho land boom, were the choapest that wero built in this country. Tho documont I read contained the average cost from the beginning of tho railways up to the dato of the offioial publication of the last railway report, and therefore led me to mislead you as to the cost of any particular individual line, but on luuaiug til the oust of the individual linen it was apparent that tho oheapost lino ever built up to 1890 wascontaincd in tho act of 1884, and that tak ing tho avcrngo of tho lines constructed undor the act it was less than tho Average of the linos constructed tinder any previous act, MIL WHEELER AND THE COMMIS SIONERS. Before the ndjournmrnb I was asking you what position Mr. Wheeler put the Railway Commis sioners in. He said, " You mut report ; I am authorised to report, hut I won't do so. You must put in your report, but certain thing must not go in, ns they won't bo sanctioned by my Government." Thero could not bo moro unfair political pressure. It simply meant that the commissioners woro to be made tho cat's paw of tho Government. If the soheme succeeded the Government eould claim oedit for it, but if it failed the Cabinet could turn round and say, " It is all Spoight's fault. " Mr. Speight would havo boen justified in saying "I have a scheme, and will submit it. If you don't liko it, you oan submit a soheme to Parlia ment, and If Agreed to wo will carry it out. If you insist upon mo making a scheme upon your lines I must bo allowed to express an opinion where I think it is injudicious." Mr. Wheeler called upon the Railway Commissioners to fur- nih a soheme that would reduce tbe cost of the sorvice by £250,000 a year. Tho commissioners submitted ocrtnin proposals, and those that were objectionable to Mr. Wheeler and his colleagues were struck out, and then the commissioners are oharged with having failed to provido a schemo to carry out tho full extont of the reduction required. SUSPENSION OF THE COM MISSIONERS. Mr. Wheeler found the best thing he eould do was to say that tho soheme wa impractic able, and The Age on tho 14th March said : — "If tho powor of suspension which Parliament has boen given can ever bo justified, there should be no stronger reason in favor of using it than is supplied in the present occasion." Three days later the commissioners co from office. Then the Government of the day, backed up by The Auc, go to tho oountry on the popular olcction cry — " We have done Speight, and put an end to improper railway management." Mr. Purves Iras pub the result, so far as Mr. Spoight is ooucerucd, butter than I could, for he said : — " Mr. Speight will never got employment in nny department or in any station of life after the exposures made here." If tbeso attaoks are held to bo justified then Mr. Speivht is ruined for ever. THE AGE ARTICLES CONSIDERED. In investigating whether The Age made these charges from an honest desire to help the country or its own political views it would be well to consider the circumstances undor whioh those libels were writton. THE INFORMATION ON WHICH THE AGE WROTE. You sec, gentlemen, tho libels are most detailed, but The Age had no knowledge whatever when it wrote tho artioles of the facts which it has mentioned therein. The Age has made no pretence that it had the information which it has adduced in court when it published tbo article. That, it seems to me, is a very impor tant mattor to remember in considering theso libel. The Age launohod the whole of its ease with a vast quantity of departmental paper, and by calling various officers to depose to tbe truth of what it Alleges. You must tako it then that The Age, if not malevolently, at any rate without proper information, set to work to write theso artioles. Remomber, it is not Mr. Speight's fault that The Age had not full knowledge of what was going on in the department. When Mr. Schuler in 1891 walked in to sco him in a magnificent way, and said "It doe not seem to me you are paying enough attention to our criticisms," Mr. Spoight said, "But you won't put in our explanations, " and Mr. Schuler told him that it would be all right if ho would send them in, adding "In future wo will put them in." Thon The Age published tho article about the Yaaknndandah line. Mr. Spoight thereupon gives Mr. I'ascoo an explanation. Mr. l'aseoo takes it to Mr. Sohuler, who keeps it somo time, aud then send it back and snys that The Age won't uhc it In tho meantime the statements in tho articles against the commifHionors aro going into tho publio mind, and when The Age send tho explanation back poor Spoight send it ou to the Argus , and tho Arpus publishes it. Now what doo The Age do? It does tho most disingenuous thing. It writes an articlo com mencing, "At last Mr. Speight has beon stunned into making an explanation." I onil that downright dishonesty. It is as nonr lying as it can get in the circum stances, and I ask you to reflect if this is nob a fair index of tho way in which The Age was then treating the commissioners, and of tho fair play The Age intended to show thorn ? It is a very noticeable thing that al though The Age had promised to insert Mr. Speight's explanations, and bad failed to publish this ono, it nevertheless kept a copy of it, and when tho Argus net out some of the fact, The Age in tho commencement of it reply used a number of other expressions which woro not in tho Argus, but which occurred in the explana tion. I put it that The Age kept that copy for tho purposo of injuring Mr. Speight. In 1892 a series of artioles headed The Deficit and How it Aroso was published in The Age , and it is in these that the statements about tho waste and tho unnecessary stores, which tho other side has failed to prove, were made. Tho worst of tbeBO article appeared on the 3rd March, and on the 7th The Age ia alleged to have Bent Mr. Low to inspect theso waato and unnecessary stores. Mr. Low goes around with Mr. Ingram and finds that the statement made iu The Age aro absolutely incorrect, and The Age publishes afterwards that it had sent a representative around ami that he had found that there was waste. They still persist in tho allegation, and fcney do not provo that it is correal. If tho libels wero compiled from knowledge, tho sources of information havo never boen revealed to us. My learned friend has asked, "Could Mr. David Syme havo gone into this case actuated merely by malice, knowing tbat ho would have to face such a trial as this?" If Mr. David Syme had known that ho would have to face suoh a trial, he would not have published the libel. Mr. Syme, when those articles were written, eould as easily have destroyed a man in this community politically as any Roman Consul could have pricked the name of an objectionable person in a proscrip tion list, or any Venetian noblo could have got a poor fellow out of tbe way'by seudlng a bravo after hitn with a dagger. HOW THE AGE FIGHTS. Of course, Mr. Symo never did anything com- I parable with that ; hut how did ho commence to fight when he had succeeded in his purpose? Wheu Mr. Speight was out of the department, and had commenced this action, Mr. Syme thought that tho threat of law bad only beon a brutum fulmeiu What did ho dowheuhesaw that Mr. Speight was determined to rehabilitate hi character? He knew tho statements made in The Age woro untrue, and tbat Mr. Low had boen around as to tho stores and seen that they wero untrue on that point, but ho did not withdraw a single syllable of the libel. He determined to go on aud fight it out. Thero is an old saying, that "The Bank of England never make a mistake," and it is true that if a cashier thero pays you extra and you go baok with what you have received in excess they won't tako it back again. Thoy 8ny» If you wero lucky cuougli to have got an .extra pound, you can keep it, and your honesty too. How did The Age fight this caso out? By the assistance of Mr. Syme' good friend, Mr. Wheeler. He gave authority that all letter bo handed over to The Age a« required, and afterward that all hooka that Mr. Spoight had left at the office oould be inspected. Here is a requisi tion- Will tho Minister kindly authorise Mr. Sweet to -too all loiters ill Mr. Reynolds's charge, mldrossod to the lato commissioners from Messrs. Groom, Wood, Shackoll, linker, Cameron, Gillies, Lotion, Harris, Zox, Lnngilon, Uron, Bull, Dnlfy and Goro. The Aac startod with asking to see 14 lettorri, and ended by putting into court nn evidenco about 120. Mr. Wheeler wroto on this requisi tion— If tho loiters rcforred to aro not prlvato, and relate to public business, Mr. Roynolds may allow Mr. Sweet to boo them. Then Mr. Sweet set to work grazing amongst them. Mr. Roynolds said that from July, 1892, The Age reporter wore daily iu tho offioo right nn up to tho oommoncoment of tho trial, and tbey had a special Govornmcnt man put ou to attend to thorn. In that way Mr. Swoot and his associates went through everything. What ever they liked they used. Whatever they did not liko they said tbey would not use. They set to work to seo ovorythiug that ocourred during the eight year of the commissioners' rigimc, and their inquiry extended to decipher ing all tho shorthand note in the oflice. In that connection Mr. Reynolds got the only latter from a Minister that a Minister over wroto to that gentleman Mr. Reynold.— Dear Sir,— Will you ploaso allow Mr. Sweet to seo your shorthnnd notes having reference to Intorviow between tho lato nml present cotmnisbinnora aud persons having business with the Railway department ?— Yours faithfully, J. 11. WHEELER. The Age mado accusations, as I say, whioh they knew to be untrue, and this is how thoy sot to work to find evidence about them. Mr, Purves said — " It is said we havo inado mistake in our artioles ; material, extravagant mistakes. What is to bo oxpeoted when a writer goes into n de- Eartment where thero is not an honest ook or acoount to ho seen ?" Mr. Purves says that The Apcs mistakes arose on that acoount. It mistakes arose by writing the articlo without information at ali, and thou afterwards examining tiie records of tho department to find facts to fit in with them. On the baok of this lettor whioh Mr. Reynolds had gol from tho Minister, and whioh is the only one he is ovor likely to get from a Minister, ho wroto on the 6th January, 1893, "On raising the point as to whether 7 he Age was to have the perusnl of books without first intimating what information it required, it was ruled by Mr. Kibble that there war no necessity to keep a record of the notes taken, and Mr. Sweot was to havo free access ou Mr. Wbeeler'a order, and to take books away if bo de sired." That was a pretty libera! instruction. When Mr. Reynolds was cross- examined, how- evor, hesaidthnt this order was given, not by Mr. Kibble, but by all the commissioners. Mr. Francis, who seems to be honcat with all his faults, on the other hand, said ho never saw the letter until a woek before he was examined. What do you gather from that ? I gather that Mr. Kibble was running tho place, aud that Mr. Francis or any other commissioner was not con sulted. THE ALLEGED FACILITIES TO THE AGE . We havo been told that The Age reporters haunted tho railway offices seeking out material for the defence. Mr. Speight's advisers got hold of that fact. They learned that Mr. Syme's reporters were going through the offiee to get fact that might tell against Mr. Speight, that they wtsro simply roaming at large trying to get a ohnrgo against him. The position taken by Mr. Speight was this : "I do not care," he said, "what documents you look at; you can look at any private documents or translate short hand notes, but I think it only fair and right that if The Aae i to have tho urn of the depart ment I should know what documents they look at." Was that fair? I think so, gentlemen. Accordingly Mr. Speight's advisors wrote to tho commissioners, asking that that should be done. Tho commissioners (or rather Mr. Kibble) wrote back, stating that they knew nothing about The Age ob taining any exceptional facilities, and that they had made no distinction in giving information ou any subjeot to tho different newspaper roportor visiting tho Railway department. Unable to got any satisfaction out of the com missioners, a letter was next written to the Minister, a reply to which wan received stating that thq. representatives of The Age , as well ns of other newspapers, had beon at all time allowed to tako information from documents of public intorent, but that it was impossible to say what documents The Age had been using. Tbat was a letter whioh Mr. Kollehcr had described as a diplomatic answer, but which I would describe with a very much shorter word. Now, gentlemen, supposing ono of you begun an aotion or had an notion brought against you, do you think tho Railway depart ment would allow you to forage up every paper in its archives for the last eight years in order to ace if you oould get up a case? Supposing Mr. Speight had brought an action against you, would any Government department allow you to look back through its records for eight years, translate documents nnd take book home? If you do, you think they would do moro for you tlmn I am certain they would do for either you or ma ? All this points to the faot that Mr. Kibble was aiding and abetting the writor of the articles which contained tho libels. Moreover, tor somo unknown reason, as soon as the artioles were written they wero taken to Mr. Kibble at hi hotel and road over, while it is said Mr. Kibblo merely listened. Why on earth did The Age people before printing theso articles take them to Mr. Kibble, who had then left tho depart- moot and gone for a holiday? Au soon as it manufactured one of these articles it popped it away by a special reporter to be read to Kibble. It is a significant faot that theso artioles were submitted to Mr. Kibble. Mr. DEAKIN : Ono article only. Mr. DUFFY : Well, it was read to hira in manuscript, and the particular thing was that it is averred that he simply listened to it aud said nothing ; but my owu belief is that It was taken down to him that he might make suggestions, and that any important suggestions he made wero adopted. And you will notico the extra ordinary soquonce of facts. First, Mr. Kibble meets Mr. Schuler by accident at Lome, and Mr. Sweet also, I believe. The next thing is that an artiolo is read ovor to Mr. Kibble, who was then out of office. Thon a series of articles appeared. Then Mr. Speight goes ; and eventually Mr. Kibble, very muoh against his own will, of course, and all for the good of his oountry, becomes a commissioner. Those are tho faots ; mako of them what you like. That, gentlemen, is the way in which theso artioles wero written, and that is the way in which tho defenco for them was got up. THE ARTICLES THEMSELVES. And now let me come to the artioles themselves, and to the so-oallod evidenco in their justifica tion. Muoh of tho evidence, I oonaider, had nothing to do with this libel ; but when I come to anything which I consider does affect tho o&se;, I will ask your attontion to it and to its value. I shall thon ask you to consider what reparation ought to be mado to Mr. Spoight for tho attaoks mado on him. The firxt libel wa practically devotod to filling tho publio mind with tho belief that Mr. Gillies and Mr. Spoight carried on the business of the Railway department on tho principle of " You scratch my back nnd I will scratch yours." In other words, that Mr. Speight, having command of the department, and being the person alono responsible for it, permitted Mr. Gillies to reward his followerainFarliamcntwithfatgiftsoutof the department, and that Mr. Gillie in return pat- roniaod Mr. Speight, promised and gave hiin an increase of salary. That is a vile and vicious an insinuation as could possibly be made against any man. How oan a false statement tlmt one man was conspiring with another to uo Govern ment money for their own purposes be success fully mot ? What uso would it havo been for Mr. Speight or Mr. Gillios to write to The Age and say, " You aro quite mistaken ; wo two are the most innocent of people, and do not do anything of the kind ?" The plaintiff was simply helpless in tho matter. Tho first libel says it was admitted on all hand that never had the influonoc of individual members of I'av- llaincnt been no potent in tho disposi tion of railway matters as since the then commissioners assumed office ; that wo had simply shifted the managoment from a responsible Minister to an irresponsible civil servant, and that tho real difficulty of the Ministry was how to satisfy the demands of their followers who had thus boen debauched. Dobauchcd U not a nice word ; it means that these members of Parliament had been bribed to take a certain courso of action by Mr. Speight giving them gifts to support tho Gillies Government againnt their consciences. Now how doe the defendant provo that? He asks you to say that it is all true, beoauso Mr. Reynolds gave evi dence that more member of Parliament wont to sco Mr. Speight ttran used to interview Minis ters. Mr. Reynolds certainly did say that more member called in Mr. Speight's time, but my learned friend on the other side was hardly ingenuous when ho left the mattor there, for in cross-examination it was explained that the rsnsou why more niombcr came under tho new regime was that Mr. Speight had combined in himsolf the duties of tiio Minister and tho re sponsible heads, nnd that every ono on business bent went to him as the head of tho department. Mr. Reyoolds gavo that a a special reason, and ho added that as far as he could see there never was Any political influence used nor were the late commissioners ever swayed by such influence. This, too, was from a witness who was called to got you to beliove that this atro cious libol was true. In tho second libel, it is said that under the regime of Mr. Gillies politi cal influence had been more rife in railway affairs tbin over it was befoio ; that the department bad been overmanned ; that concessions woro given to departmental trotter; and tlmt no doubt political influcnco had beon fully established at tbo time Mr. Gillie pro posed to largely incroaso the salarios of the commissioners. Nothing could he put moro plainly thnu that, but they havo not a word of evidenco to support it, although they havo soarohed high and low in the department. The Aoousation is that Mr. Gillies employed Mr. Speight In order to koep his body of supporters iu hand, nnd that Mr. Speight reaped advant ages, Bub wliero in the proof? Only that members of Parliament, supporters as well nn opponents of tho Government, nttondod deputations to the oommisHloners ; but those foots do not justify tho allegation. I do not think it would bo necessary for ino to enter at All on the question as to whether that Is evi denco or not, hut my learned friend, in going through inHtivnccH of alleged political corrup tion, so picturesquely mingled together fact and j fiction, and ho adroitly commented on tho oircum- stances, that be reminded nmof a popular pastime in which you tako nn old' Greek or Latin poom, out Ilttlo bits .out of each line nnd make up a | patchwork ohmch hymn— it might bo from j Homer or Virgil — who wero thus miule to say something entirely different to what they really expressed. That ia what my ftiond, Mr. Purves, has done. Out of a inixturo of fnots ho has mads a most amusing picture, as ingenious ladies do in the mattor of a patchwork quilt, whioh has plenty of oolor, but no real material in it. I will toko this patchwork to piece, and have got hero what my learned friend said about eaoh little bit. Take tho first caso, which was a most bitter one. When the gontiemon from The Age offico went to the department thoy came on a certain lotter from Mr. F. O. Mnon addresHod to " Dear Mr. Spoight," and asking " that information should bo convoyed through' members of Parliament, instead of allowing it to ronoli them only when tho now was stalo and unprofit able.'" What most struok my lenrned friend war the phrase " stalo and unprofitable," and ho argued that it was ns muoh a to say that Mr. Mason cared for nothing unleBs lie could make £5 out of it. Tho phrnRO "flat, stale nnd unprofitable" U a quotation from a well known classic, but my learned frieud would havo you think that it was equivalent to Air. Mason writing to Mr. Speight, "Do not make this thing public, hut let u havo tho news when wo can mako a £5 noto out of it." Mr. Purves's second observation about this letter referred to a note on tho top of it, "Do not mako this official," and he said that more plain and damnable ovidonoe of political influonoc no living man over heard of, nnd that a man writing a scAiulalou lotter of that kind know that ho wo writing to a man who would work with him. If my learned friend, Mr. Purves, hod made that statement anywhere olso but in court thero would have boon but ono answer to it, and that Hiiwer would have been a blow. My learned friend would not havo said it any where but in court, and that statement made to you when speaking of tho letter was, to uso his own words, dnmnablo, and nothing hut dumnahle. In spite of the statement not to make it offioial Mr. Spoight filed the dooument, a clear indica tion that ho did not wish to act in a dishonest manner. I will say this of Mr. Speight, that whatever mny happen his honesty cannot bo . impugned. Whatever records spring to light ho never can bo shamed. Wo now come to Mr. Keys and his conneotion with the department. Mr. Purves, ot considerable length, sought to show that Mr. K«ys was a oonstant hauger on at tho Railway department, and quoted two letters as sample of the direot presauro whioh ho sought to bring to bear on Mr. Spoight. Unfortunately for Mr. Purves ho mixed up two letters about different things, Although he was under tho impression that thoy were written by Mr. Keys on tho same date, and as a member of Parliament. A a matter of fact a year sepa rated tho letters, one being written by Mr, Keys as seorotary of tho shire of Dandenong, and tho other as a member of Parliament. Tho first had roforenco to road construction ; tho other letter, written in 1888, was from Mr. Keys aB a member of Parliament, and it simply wished to know, on behalf of a publio meeting, when the Mordialloc lino would he duplicated and a new station erected at Mentone. And theso aro the letters of whioh Mr. Purves said, "Somo of tho choice expressionsshould be stuck on the wallof theRail- way department." IntlieStcvensoasoMr. Purves was particularly hard on Mr. Zox. It was vory unkind, because Mr. Purves always spoke in the kindest terms of his old friend Mr. Zox, and the latter was so overcomo that he was heard to nrake use of tho joke, " that Mr. Purvea not only wishes to fix a gastittor upon mo, but ho wants to shackle me withllyman's chains". (Laughter.) Tho first charge against Mr. Zox is that he im properly and fraudulently got Stcvensappointcd. Mr. Purves said, " Wewffrnnw turn to another kind of politician, Mr. Zox. "/In reply to one of Mr. Zox's communications, Mr. Speight on the 1st Novoinbor, 1886, acoording to Mr. Purves, wrote tbat Stevens was on the list as eligible for employment as a gasfitter, and that' lis soon ns ono would bo required Stevens would bo sent for, adding, " There was a difficulty in putting him on the list in the first instance owing to unsatis- fsotory examination. That was ovoroomo, by submitting him to a further ordonl." Mr. ' Purves went on to point out how easy it was to get over any rule or regulation when Mr. Zox was brought on to the sceno nnd how Zox was a good friend of Mr. Speight. Mr. Purves said, of courso it was a very different thing taking your turn for appointment in tho railway servico when Mr. Zox was fighting for you to what it was when you wero alone, and that in regard to Sir. Zox's application for the appointment of tin man, Stevens, Mr. Spoight promised him to mako au Appointment in the publiosorvice. Thatisnprotty nice indictment, but it is all wrong. My learned friend, in order to make the fact fit into what ho Baid, ho used tho syllable "ro" before examination in connection with this letter, thus makiug it appear that it was a re-oxamination that was effeoted in Stevens case. Asa matter of faot, tho re-examination took placo in Houston's CAHe, and ia not rcforred to in the document affcoting Stevens's case. Mr. DEAKIN : Mr. Reynolds swore that ho wrote that letter iu reference to Steveus's case, asking for re-examination. Mr. DUFFY : Well, ho didn't do it. Mr. DEAKIN : But we oannot help that. He swore ha did. Mr. DUFFY, at the request of Mr. Deakin, road the following extract from Mr. Reynold' evidenco— This iH a letter, "No. 5, re tho appointment of Steven, a gasfitter." It is from Mr. Speight to Mr. E. L. Zox, M.L.A.: "Referring to tho enclosed lotter, Stevens is ou tho list as oiigible for omploymont as a gas- fitter. . . Thero was a difficulty In putting him op tho list in tho first place owing to hi unsatisfactory examination, but that was over come by submitting him to a further ordeal. " Mr. Reynolds, continuing, said: On tho same dato Mr. Speight dircotcd a lettor to bo scut to Dr. Jonassen." Mr. Reynold mado a mistake, however. The note to Dr. Jonasson was about Houston's case. You will hoo this apparently incrimi nating lotter amounts to nothing at all when properly examined. I do not mean to say that any of the gentlemen engaged on the other sido ot thin case wero attempting to represent to the jury what was not true, they simply fell into a mistake a did Mr. Roynolds. But that is uot all. Not only are tho faots as I have pointed out, but on looking closely at tho papers wo find that not only wa Dr. Jouassen not hurried on, but that ho had actually mado tho second exa mination boforo Mr. Zox wrote on tho subject at all. The first examination of tho man was mado on tho 3rd of August, 1886, threo months before Mr. Zox wrote, and the second one, which was supposed to have beon procured hy this lotter of Mr. Zox, wa mado on 4th Sep tember, 1886, or two months before Mr. Zox wrote, and Stovons, as you remember, never was employed at all. Tho insinuation by Mr. Purves was that this man having been exa mined and thrown out, Mr. Zox interfered, and instanter a second examination was made and tho man was passed and employed, whorc&s; tho real fAots wore that both examination wcro mado before Mr. Zox's lettor was written, that Mr. Zox was merely informed that tho man had pased and was taking his turn on tho list of candidate! for employment, but that ho novor was employed. A PURCHASE OF LAND. Next we come to Mr. Small's caso. In another letter to the commissioner Mr. Zox supports the request of that gentleman to be allowed to pur chase a triangular picco of land. Mr. Speight in the first instance refused to soil this land, and Mr. Zox wrote. Mr. Purvea'B version of the letter — a version which of course was never written— was that Mr. Zox said in effect " You did not know when you refusod to sell this land to Mr. Small tbat ho was an important con stituent of mine," and that Mr. Speight roplied, "All right, of course I will." and did it. The faot was Mr. Spoight never did it, and Mr. Small did not get the land until the present oommissionors camo into office when ho bought it from tliem for £250. So then, a far as Mr. Speight was concerned the true faots are that the lettor as imagined by Mr. Purves never existed, that Mr. Speight only said he would have a valuation mado, that Mr. Speight and Mr. Small oould not agree on terms, but Mr. Small waited till Mr. Speight went out of office, and then pur chased tho land from the new conimisHioners, and tho . allegation that Mr. Zox got Mr. Speight to sell tho land is not true. Let there be no doubt in tho matter. You ob- Rurvc all this took place beforo December, 1889. So far as Mr. Speight is concerned it remained dropped from Deoembor, 1889, up to 1892. Is not that a horrible state of corruption? That is tho sort of thing my learned friend, Mr. Purves, has manufactured his quilt out of. We now come to the caso of Mr. A. E. Smith in conneotion with which Mr. Purves said that Mr. Zox, who held & power of attorney for Mr. Spoight when he was absent from the colony, could sway as ho liked. It was aiBortod that Mr. Zox was invited to call and sco tho papers iu Smith's case, and it is at once assumed that Mr. Spoight is subjected to the influonco of Mr. Zox. As a mattor of fact Mr. Speight knew nothing whatever about the case. Mr. Zox wroto direct to Mr. Labortouche on the matter, aud tho lattor, after reading it, replies to Mr. Zox, informing him that if he call any timo ho is passing ho can see tho papers. At this stage tho court adjourned until 10 a.m. tho following (this) day. „ 