RETRENCHMENT. THE obstructionists and their city allies having been fairly routed, the House is steadily proceeding with the business of the country. Among other important matters the question of retrenchment has been receiving serious consideration. The other night Mr Wise worked up a little ghost of former obstacles, but the spectre was soon laid by a big majority. Many constituents who thought Mr Young's absence from Parliament at such a time to be a matter of concern may now think that it would have been better had he stayed away longer. If he were not doing good in his absence he at least would not be doing harm. But what do we find ? In the course of his speeches in the district he said that as he was only one man among many he could not hope to do much in the way of pruning down the estimates ; but in the very first voting list in which we find his name recorded, we have him throwing in his weight with the opposition against reducing the salary of an officer drawing over £19 a week, holidays included, and a pension ceitain when he retires ! Not only does he oppose the reduction, but he states he thinks the "Undcr- Secre - taries are all underpaid ! As each motion was defeated by a single vote the vote recorded by Mr Young in each division is the more noticeable, and many will think that his absence would have been preferable to his presence. The astonishing phase of the retrenchment is that while the Under- Secretary (whose personal popularity does him no harm) escaped in this way men receiving less salaries had to undergo reductions without much question. Why the " big fish " should be allowed to escape in this k way and thus leave the men with lesser salaries to bear the full brunt of the retrenchment, is a question that leaves much room for speculation. Remarks recently made by Mr M'Kinnon, and reported in Hansard, have a special significance at this time. He said :—"If we retrench, we must begin at the top of the tree. We can see at a glance that by voting a reduction in the high salaries, a far greater saving can ;be made in one instance than by retrenching 100 smaller salaries. We all know that every hon. member feels some reluctance in cutting down the salary of any good civil servant; but when we look round and find that farmers from one end of the country to the other have been suffering great depression during the last few years, and have been living on half their former in- •me, when we find that labouring en have had to suffer a reduction of wages, while we find that all classes have had to suffer a reduction of income, we must admit that a reduction must be made in the salaries of civil servants. While all this has been going on, the civil servants have been enjoying ample salaries, and the time has now come when retrenchment should be made. I think it would be most unwise to deal with one salary here and another salary there ; that would look too much like a personal matter. I am sure no hon. member wishes to be personal with regard to any of the civil servants. I, therefore, think the best method would be to reduce each department by a certain amount." As the proposal to make a general reduction was not followed the battle was carried on in an irregular fashion. As against the power held by the highly-paid Civil Servants in Sydney a man must have strength of character to resist. From private sources we learn that great efforts were made on behalf of some individuals. 