A LANTERN-JAWED SPECTRE. Br JAMES MeGOVAN, Autlior of " Brought to Bay," " HunteS Down," "Strange Clue3," "Traced and Tracked," "Solved Mysteries," &c.; Part I. A young widow, with an eye as hard as a door-nail and that jaunty expression which seems to foretell that the " weeds" will soon be thrown off, sat waiting for me at the Central one cold day in December, and I looked round in surprise at McSweeny for not flying to attend to her. She was rather plain-faced, but had nearly every finger covered with valuable rings; and as McSweeny was con sidered the gallant widow's man of the staff I naturally thought that he should have attended I to her. , \ "She's Irish and a Tartar," he whispered to me behind his hand in explanation, "and Bura you're the bast at multaverin' thim wans \ and then I noticed the compressed lips of the widow and her general look of determination, and began to wonder what had brought her thither. "Been robbed by her servants, probably," was my thought, as I took down her name as Mrs. O'Flynn, and found that she lived in a good villa at Momingside, but her first words, poured out with great vehemence, undeceived me— "I've come to get protection against a wicked conspiracy that I'm suffering from," she said in a business-like manner. " I don't know who's at the bottom of it—p'raps my servants, p'rap3 my relatives that want to teighten me dead to gen as my money, but any way surely I can have the protection of the law and have the villains clapped into gaol "Certainly, certainly," I vaguely replied, while McSweeny made a grimace_ behind her back to express his joy at not being the hus band of such a woman. " Have they been robbing you?" "Weil, yes, of my peace of mind by setting on a ghost to haunt me. My husband died three or four months ago and was buried. You'll maybe mind of him—he wa3 a fish salesman—Maurice O'Flynn—a decent, re spectable that never annoyed anyone. I saw him screwed down and taken away and buried, yet now he comes pottering about the house at nights—wandering about in his nightshirt and white nightcap—and I can't sleep for the noise of him." I looked over her shoulder at MeSweeny's face. All the fun had gone out of it; his cheeks were fading to a sickly white and his eyes trying to crawl out of their sockets in chill horror. "Ah, it's a case of a ghost!" 1 remarked with preternatural gravity. "I think Mr. McSweeny is the man for that sorb of thing. When I looked up McSweeny. had vanished and I turned once more to the widow. . » Do you charge anyone with any crime; I politely enquired. ''You see we cannob exactly go and arresb a ghost. "Of course I do-I charge someone with getting up this trick to do me harm, she answered, a little taken aback. . "It was the E°rvants I heard speaking about it first. . They said they couldn't get sleep for him moving up and down the stair in the night tune and speaking to himself. They thought it was me but when they told me what he said I knew it could only be Maurice O hlynn, " Because "he was grumbling about his wife's cruelty. That's Maurice exactly. Then he was a very tbin-faeed man, and the ghost was thin faced and wore a white nightcap just the same as his." "Did you see him i "Idid sir—just wance, she answered, changing color a little. " He was crossing the flure of my bedroom, with his face and hands all ahiny-like. He never looked at me, but slipped out of the room as smooth as if he d gone through the keyhole. I used to tell him he was so thin that he could do that, and now he's doing it in reality.' "Oh, then, you believe youvereally seen a BP"Oh, no, nothing of the kind," she ex claimed, as if trying to assure herself, but it troubles me just as much as a real one. And that's not the worst of it, she added, with a peculiar hesitation coming into her manner; "bub the story has got abroad through the place and everyone is speaking about it. Id even got into one of the papers andhas got to the ears ot one of my friends, and he doesn b like it I think," and she tried so hard to work up a tell-tale blush that I instantly divined that the friend alluded to was the man intended as the successor to the ghost. . , . , " Oh indeed! Was it your house that was alluded to in that account of " A Haunted House at Morningside ?" I exclaimed with fresh interest. . , "lb was, sir, and it was a cruel story to pub in the papers, and it may do me a deal of harm," and again she tried to screw on a There were no names mentioned,51 I said, looking as dull as ditch water. "It's not that," she said, looking as if she could have speared me for my stupidity. "But my friend doesn t like it and he stay J away from the house, and looks cold and. changed when I meet him." ..... . « "Oh I see—a timid manandfnghtened.ee ghosts," I remarked, in a sudden blaze of in tellI7vT(^CQ0—y0U don't understand," she said, now* flushing with irritation. "It is a—a de^r friend," and the accent on dear would have let light into a granite boulder. "I see—a relation," I saia with dense stupidity. "Well, you know, a relative who turns from you in trouble is not worth ^"He is not a relative," she cried in tones so sharp that they nearly shaved my nose oh. " He is only after courting me for his wife. : " Oil i aU I—I beg your pardon. I see now, I said in profuse apology. "And you are afraid that this ghost might pub him oif his Pl"^es'sir,";and her eyes fell demurely to the mound to intimate that if such a result) came"about she would look upon it as a greater calamity than the presence or the. ghost. I thought rapidly—her husband wa3 just three months dead and had complained of his wife s cruelty, and now she was already eager to marry another, which is against every rule of ^ polite society-might nob the ghosb have been got up by her outraged friends merely to scare her from her imprudent course . "Perhaps the ghost has a dislike to this friend of yours," I drily remarked; "a kind of jealousy so to speak 2" The widow looked at me keenly and curiously to discover if I really had the audacity to satirise her. " What do you mean, sir ?" she asked in real aD"Oh. just that if there are such things as ghosts they musb have their feelings the same as other folk," I answered, looking her square in the eyes. "Well, sir?" . • ! "Well, it isn't usual to marry three months ' after a husband's funeral, so p'raps, the poor old ghost is only wishing you to put it ott for a time." . , T " You're laughing at me m your sleeve—I can sea that," she said, boiling with passion. <bnd you don't believe in ghosts either, and no more do I. I believe this one is made up by the servants, so you'd better come out to the house and arresb them." " Why, as to that, if you are sure the ser vants have created the ghost yon have a good i excuse for discharging them," I suggested as an easy way oat of the trouble. "Send them i away and they're bound to take their ghost with them." u "Oh.no, that would never do,' she coolly answered. " I could never get others so good in their place—nobody would come to a haunted h°" Have you any proof that they have created the ghost "I have not." "Then how on earth can you expect me to arrest them?" She did nob know.. She had no plan to sug gest or evidence to bring forward, only she felb very much annoyed and would have liked ma to arrest some one0—even the gho3b. "You saw Mm yourself and yet never pub forthahand," I answered; " then howcan you expect me to do better ?'' "Ob, men are different — not so easily frightened as women," she insinuatingly answered. I thought of McSweeny and said— "Oh, that depends. I know some who would as soon face Old Hiok himself. " Can you nob do anything for me then? " I'm afraid not; but you might try my plan. The next time the ghost appears tell him you don't intend to marry for a year or twe and u that doesn't lay him why come to me again. She produced a newspaper cutting giving a highly imaginative account of the haunted house, showing how the lantern- jawed spectre had been seen at all hours of the night gliding through walls and keyholes as easily as an Eastern haar. He was also said to be a ligtib to himself, having a shining face and hands, which saved him the trouble of carrying a candle and left him free to v/ring his hands in a melancholy manner, as if the release from wedded life had not altogether given him peace. The widow admitted that her thin-faced husband had in his lifetime complained of being very badly treated by her, bub added that all husbands had the same insane idea, and I myself agreed with her that if it was true thab he had been unhappy with her in life that was no reason for him prowling about in this unhappy fashion after his release. He ought to have been skipping aoout as happy as a crickeb. He was a very unerateful ghosb and deserved to be lugged back from the grave and made to endure it all over again. Still I could nob see my way to having an interview with him to tell him so, and the haunted widow left the office in a very bad temper and looking as if sbe could have scratched my eyes out with the greatest of pleasure. What I had said to her seemed to have given her fresh courage by suggest-in1* a cause for a probable hoax, but the CQVirag9i. midnights, as everyone knows by experience. Mrs. O'Flynn had quite resolved, if the ghost reappeared, to make a grab at it and then shriek for help, but when she was awakened the same night shortly after twelve o'clock by a familiar creaking on the stair leading to her bedroom she could only lie and listGn •with her heart thudding her sides like a sledge-hammer. She had heard that shuffling Bound before and knew too well that it did not come from either of her quick-footed maids, who had gene to bed tu o hours before. It was the flip flapping of a pair of loose slippers not catching at the heel—the identical sound of the feet of her buried husband. The sounds came straight to the bedroom door, which she now regretted not having locked, aud then passed into the room, and then the widow closed her eyes just as she caught sight of a shining, lantern-jawed face and drooping night-cap. The flippity-flop sounds came nearer and nearer and then ceased at her bedside, and the widow felt inclined to scream, but could not get the sounds to come. All at once a thing like an icicle was laid ou her hot brow and she screamed out loud enough to wake the dead, nud then found that one of the shining hands was close to her face. {To be continued.) 