Longford Thoughtful for the health of. hia pupils, ; '$ in the present age of typhoid, Mr Alex ander, oui' state school teacher, has recently had two filters placed in the porch entrance to the school, one for the girls, and one for the; boys, which have already been ; practically appreciated by the- youngstera, if only for the sake.of novelty. The former was given -by the hon. W. Dodery, while the latter ('Slack and Brownlow s im proved') was purchased with money collected by the scholars thems'elves 5 they entering quite enthusiastically into the project when suggested to them from a sanitary point of view. Mr Alexander m forms me that just prior to his leaving Sheffield filters were purchased there by the Local Board of Advice for the nae ot the state school, and i a the interests of . suffering humanity I think I may here be permitted to add pro bono publico other . school teachers please try to copy. The quarterly meeting of the Longford. .. Star Tent, I.CXR., was held last night, when there was a good attendance of mem- : ? beraiandthe sum of £42 3s 7.1 received in: ! . contributions.. The balance-sheet duly ! :^ audited^ was, submitted and received; the ; ^ total funds now being £589 5s 8£d- r (exclusive of the aforesaid amount) ^ £564 ???'i/; lOa.of which is in the Commercial Bank as a fixed deposit. The receipts for the past quarter were £79 9s 9d, and the expendi ture £66 14s Id, the principal item in the latter being tent surgeon, £27 53 7d j sick : pay, £18 13s 4d ; district returns, £13 18s 8d ; and secretary's salary, etc., £4 7s. The following office bearers were duly installed ? by Bro. W. tCooper, Past Chief Ruler : r C. R., Bro. J. Witt j D. R., Bro. J. Briggs j ? secretary, Bro., LI Stephens (re-elected) j treasurer, Bro. J. M'Mahon (re-elected) ; book steward, Bro. James E. Lee; cash - steward, r Bro. J. Patman ;Levite, Bro. - George Potter ; guardian, 'BrOi F. Aw . ? ,' Cooper; auditors, Bros Wi Newfcon and ???'?'-'? W.' Copper ; Board of Elder3, Bros W. .-- Lee, J. Potter, J. Palmer, J. Cooper, J. E. Lee, and.W.C. Wright. Mr A. J. Hall, of ' Lauhceston, was appointed tent dentist. A committee of three was also appointed to , . . meet the trustees of the Temperance Hall to . was decided to invest £300 of the funds in the Bank of Australasia.The Demonstration levys were discontinued, andit was decided to keep the former levy contributions as a distinct fund, with a view of holding an I.O.R. demonstration at some future date. Two Bwallows were seen this morning, flying across the South Esk river, near the Regatta Ground, by Messrs D. Brumby and A. H. Mason, while out Bhooting at about 7 a.m. Longford to the fore again. March 30. Eleven tenders have been received for the construction of the reservoir on Mount ford Hill in. connection with 'our water* ,. works, and they, will be dealt with at the monthly Council meeting on Thursday afternoon. ' The anniversary of the' Baptist . Sunday school here was celebrated yesterday, Mr Basil Archer preaching morning and after* noon, and Pastor Walton, of Perth, in tha evening to large congregations. THe morning discourse, an impressive one, was founded on the words 'What mean ye by this service ?'— Exodus xii.,26; the evening text being Isaiah lv., 6 and 7. Mr Archer distributed the prizes- in the afternoon, when the subject of his address was ?' The children's best friend.' The scholara, with ' th eir teachers, were arranged on a platform* and sung special hymns. . Miss M, Hortle ^presided at the cabinet organ. The usual .collections were made on behalf of the Sunday school funds, and at the first, -.service reference was made to the Sabbath -desecration of the present Ministry upon ? that day. The children are haying their i treat to-day in the paddock at the rear of the Tabernacle, and; the , public tea * which commences at 4 30 p.m., is also now r.on. ? . ? ??' '. ; ';? '?' At Christ Church yesterday an Easter i anthem was sung 'by the choir at both r-aerviceB. The decorations were poor as -compared with 'previous years. At St. -Augustine's Church the altar was deco llated with flowers and fairy lamps, the Hatter looking very pretty at the evening ?*aervice. April 8. Notwithstanding the blustery weather ;. yesterday evening the ^ Tabernacle tea /meeting was well patronised, between .£10 : and JB11 being taken for admission. The ? total proceeds' of the anniversary services, iito., are JG22 odd— rather better than last -fvear. ? ; v ..- ? '''? . Longford to the fore again. A party of 15, all told, including seven of the fair sex, started from here yesterday morning at 4*20 for a trip over the Western Tiers to the Great Lake, returning to Longford shortly after midnight. The distance covered was estimated at 60 miles, about 24 of which was done on foot; but only seven of the party, including one young lady (Miss Beid), accomplished the entire journey, which is something quite out of the common for one day. Some of the party knocked up in the ascent, while others were content to 'view the land,' or pro perly speaking the water, in the distance fiom the summit, which in their case conveniently lent enchantment to the view. Fortunately no ghosts were en countered this time, bo that, barring the few showers, a good blowing, and several little etceteras, as the trip was enjoyed immensely. The party are loud in their praises of the kindness and hospitality shown to them by the Misses Tubb and their brothers, also Messrs Francombe and JEodgette. , , ?April 4.' 