"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION r I vruivu *Q nuo wuiae—lu uave no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner, for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When ‘ good di gestion waits on appetite and health on both,’ that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn’t feel like eating, stands in need of ‘ alterations and repairs.’ To illustrate.' We recently received a communication in which the writer says, ‘I was afraid to eat.’' Did he fanoy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, ‘In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that or dinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; palate, to put it in that way, ap peared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like the other, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furried, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the cheat and shoulders, which were always right before I had taken anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather bo it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.’ We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls ‘ a pricking sensation ’ at his heart, as though it-were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the swefyt rolled off him. ' I dreaded,’ he says, * the toought of eating, and many a scanty meal ha've 1 made, for I was afraid to eat. * After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, ns if something was going to happen, and thiB caused me to lose a good deal of sleep.’ What he means by the fear of ‘ something going to happen’ is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of bis position, his own death, or the death of Bomebody dear to him. This was due, as he inti mates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. ‘ With great difficulty,’ he says ‘ I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers qf description. I am sure no one has suffered so muoh as I have done.’ In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One’s own pain is one’s own, and is always harder to bear than is one’s notion of his neighbour’s pain. There is a countless multitude who are all tf e while going through the same wretched experience, only we don’t happen to come in touch with them/ Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it-found him be ohanccd to read in a book of a ease exactly like his own having beeu cured by Mother Seiget’s Syrup. ’ My wife,’ ho says 1 got me a bottle at Mr. LangatafTs, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortuuate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) . ‘ George Hunt, ‘ Car Bottom Road, 1 Annerlov Bridge,1 near Leedn. We publish this by'MtvHant a desire, in order-that part of the world at least may know how thankful he ia and for what reason. 