OUR, OPEX 00LUMN. THE EDUCATION QUESTION. Sir,— In the issue of your contemporary of tho 29th ulto. there appeared a letter signed by ono ' E. Treyniane Dunstan.' After perusing the same I really must confess that I fail to see that it has any bearine\iTJon this momentous question now boforo tho publio mind. And aftor de voting two-thirds of his letter to 'person- alities ' we are told 'I have a conscience,' But I am pained to find that his '? consoi enco ' istoomuoh akin to tho nonconform ist conscience, of whioh we have heard so inuoh of late in Home Ecclesiastical affairs, whioh lacks the generosity and also the ability to credit an opponent with a conscience and honesty of con» viction, aotuated by principles of reli gion and religious liberty, rather than seeking a mere party triumph in the bands of seotarian prejudice and passionate pride of opinion. This' question is vitally too important to bo treated in the apparont spirit of lovity and vapid frivolity, and tho intemperate misapplication of terms., e.g..'exoruciating- ly funny,' arid the seeming attempt at a smartness in sneers and sarcasm that speaks more of a 'vulgarity and coarseness where we naturally expeot politeness and courtesy in ono who olaims to be a minister of the Gospol. To my rustio way of think ing tho ordinary rules of debato include other things than logio— expressions of opinion in gentlemanly good taste, remem bering that the end to bo gained is not to conquer with wounds, but to convince with out, a sting of needless pain, that one's opponent may with cheerful readiness con cede the point contended for. To class the utterances of honest conviction most seri ously expressed as moro suitable fora comio paper, to wit, thaBulletin, is whatwe might expeot from an atheist, or low typo of comedian and not from one who has assumod tho office of a minister of tho Gospel, since tho naturo of tho case requires ' a gravity that declines to stoop to the position of a jester.' This is not the first, time that Mr. Tre mayneDunstan has attempted to show (for purposes better known to himself) that the Anglican clergy is 'a oprrupt body of men' unworthy of honest men's good opinion, beoause in all our advocaoy of religious liberty the ohurch is for the people and not 6y the people j we; are wanting in honesty of prinoiple, and are always prompt ed by sinister designs and ignoble motives, laoking in uprightness, in patriotism, Suoh being, in plain English, the tone and utterance of Mr. Dunstan's epistles on this qnestion of Eduoation,J now call upon him as a man with a ' oon aoience and honest; integrity to'produco the evidence inf testimony of his assertion.'. I know ' that thoconBOienoe olause i3 often ovaded in Endish parishes.' If ha (Inclines he must expect us ' to .take ? his statements as 'foolish jesting' in which he indulges the ' exoruoiatingly funny,' or if sorious we must take ? them cum grano salis. As a layman and afterwards as a ourate I claim to have some little, .experience of English Parishes, both town and country j and if useful I can give a list of schools in which the corisoience olause1 is most religiously observed. I can also tell Mr, Dnnstan that the . Tipton (Staffordshire) Sohopj Boardin 1870 adopted a system somewhat like to the speoial religious clause of the N.S.W. Aot, and there was neither friction nor inconvenience. It is very easy for a man to repite fables to amuse, as it is to distort statements by quotations severed from thoir oontext. Wo ohurohmonhavo never regarded the present Aot otherwise than liboval in its provisions toward Assisted Sohools, where our teachers oan impart as rauoh religious instruction as they liko, neither have wo ever claimed that out State schools' give a 'Godless Eduoation.' What we do insist is, first that the present Act, by lapse of timo and tho growth of the Educational system of the empire, needs many amendments. And the attompt at tho neutrality of uon seotarian Biblo reading (undor the pro hibition of note or comment) has failed to impart a moral influence over our rising generation, to tho recognition of their 'dnty towards God and thoir duty to wards their, neighbour.' All we ask, sincd an Amended Aot must shortly bo passed, is to have tho liberty of giving roligiouB instruction to oxvrown children of thoChuroh on, tho lines of the N.S.W. Aot, whioh has stood tho test of time and power to be the solution of this difficult problom, Woolaim that Education, to deserve the namo, must be moulded in every part by the Word and Gospel of Christ— to train immortal souls to livo for God hero. To profess to believe the Gospel and to aim only at some lower object is the folly of madness. All we plead for our selves we ask for all other religious denomi nations, viz, that the whole bourse of Education shall be leavened with the great truths of religion and taught by the re cognizod Christian teaohers to the children of their own particular oreed or persuasion, to inBtil into the minds of the young the prin oiples of Temperance, sobriety and chastity as the baptized, having been admitted into tho fellowship of Christ's religion, their bodies ave the temples of tho Holy Ghost; To stem the tido of indifferenoe to religion and praotical \inbelief is the Incarnation and Divine Mission. of tho Son of God, States are bound to educate, and true odu oation must bo religious j religious faith cannot, without sin and logioal inconsis tency, be excluded from the code of a nation professedly Christian, or be opposod by religious teoohers. By religious educa tion I understand the great dootrines, pre cepts and hopea of the Gospel. Surely no one can reasonably claiin that 'Bible read ing, without noto or comment,' is religious instruction, where Christ, His divine pre cepts and salvation, hold the foremost placo! Lest any should think that this question ia ono merely local, I beg to say that at the present time tho Churoh at home is urging tho 'forward movement' for definite Christian instruction, and 'tho most violent oppositionists, whilst oonoed ing the right to the.R.Ca., arethoAnan and Semiarian teaohors of these modern times of the Congregational and Baptist sects,— Vide London papers for May, 1893, Apopulation without any definite roligiouB belief— only intellectually educated,skilled, lu'ged by class jealousy, by paid agitators, by unhealthy literature, by unscrupulous men, or worse by men with misguided zeal for porson or party, auoh a population is a danger. The danger is not imaginary. Tho train ialaid.audhuudreda bolievothat wealth, not accumulated by a man's own hand, is a wrong dono to the whole com ,miuiity.; The mutual responsibilities of labour and capital aro ignored and denied, and a tyrannous sectarianism is honeycomb ing the working classes to the detriment of thoso olassea. And now that wo are within moasurable distance of a chango in our educational systom, ohurohmon arid truly religious, non-conformists should stand side by side, and demand that in a new Act a child shall, on the lines of the N.S.W. Act,1 receive definite religious instruction ' in Divino truth, that tho seeds of virtue and the fear or tfoci shall bo sown in the mind : and not an oduoation whioh may bo tho. meanaof our downfall. Wo may havo a delicacy about wounding consciences in teaohing distinctive religion and morality, b\it I re member reading a story of a father who had soruples of conscience as regards teaching his child to pray. The child mot with_ a fractured leg) and whilst his physician was performing the operation tho youngster cursed and swore, The physi oian turned to the fathor, and 'said: 'If you have a point of conscience as to teaohing your child to pray, it is self evident that Satan has no suoh delicate scruples about teaohing him to curse.' As a peoplo wo ought to be deoply concern od for the moral, religious and eternal wel fare of the young of this fail' land, and the solo aim and intentiou of the clergy of the Churoh is to 'Raise tho peoplo up to God.' Charges are often brought against tho olergy of olerioal domination, intolerance, bigotry and dishonesty. But an abuse of the clergy is the stook-in-tvade of a certain party— the political dissenter. The priests of the church who desire to give ' bread to tho children' are called ' proselytizers,' and when thoy claim the rights of re ligious liberty and fairness of treatment they are designated 'persecutors.' If to win souls from sin, to give a satisfactory answer to the questions 'Whence am I?' 'Whither am I going?' What is to guide my inner conscience and 'Lifo?' we olergy dare to bravo the obloquy and aspersions cast upon us. If^ to claim that tho Biblo shall bo intelligently taught, in accord with tho N.S.W. Aot brands mo a proselytizei- and to plead that the children of the chvirch shall receive such instruction from their own parish priest places upon me the stigma of bigotry. I am prepared to pay the penalty of my olaims and plea, for that rightousness whiehis the exaltation of peace, welfare, honour, and good government of my adopted country. And in this I am not alone. I speak but as the spokesmen of my brethren and colleagues. We havo set our, faces to obtain what we claim and advocate and nothing but treaohery and apathy will postpone the settlement of the question as the church of God demands.lt shall be settled whatever may be the attempts to frustrate resorted to by Protestant sectarianism. We havo held put the right hand and asked for their co-operation and the rosult is before the publio mind— not only a defiant rejeot ion but the mud of calumny and the dirt of injustice have been flung at us, Whatever may be the statements and utterances of seotarian disputants, whether upon honesty of conviction or ulterior motives, wo ohurohmen.olorio and laio, have a high and responsible obligation to fulfil— tho establishment of God's Truth— not in abstract doctrine and mutilations, but in its entirety, and in tho reality of its application to the hearts and consciences of those who receive instruction in our State Schools, 'to do justly, to love ineroy,' and to walk humbly with thy God according to the standard of truth, liberty and love, ? We are informed that there is a secret compaot among tho sectarians, that they 'have every prospeot of united ? aotion' to resist the spocial religious clause of tho N.S.W. Aot, Very well, forwarned is fore armed, ohurohmon j tho gauntlet for truth and liberty is about to be thrown down. As ohurohmen, be ready to take it up, and provo your 'integrity, loyalty and con sistency to prinoiple, that the church's forward movement shall not be thwartod by the peoularity of Protestant sectarian, ism. To ithoso who .are thus confederate against us I would respeotfully ask them just to weigh woll tho results of suoh un ited opposition (not that I fear— for God who. haa protected and, preserved tho Churoh through tho severe affliotion and persecutions of the past will be faithful to His promise of assuranoe unto the end), but I would in all due courtesy ask for the con? sideration if after all is this antagonistic opposition of misdireoted zeal not for God and country, but for party and seotarian achievement, and suoh an ambition will be a ' striving with your Maker,' ' fighting against God' in conspiring to gain a triumph for seotarian despotism. ' No Christian, writes the saintly and scholarly Liddon ' who seriously believes ' our dootrines that Jesus is God, that the ..', death of Jesus is a world redeeming saori ' flee, that tho Eternal Spirit sancti ' titles the redeemed, that the Scripture ' is the inspired Word of God, that ' the sacraments are appointed channels 'whereby we partakeof the life of Jesus'j can say that in himself these truths have petri fied, or arrested or stifled thought. Rather do they open oxit the widest views of the Divine oharaoter, and of the destinies of man, and of the vast funotions and pro found interest of the natural world, so that at length the swiftest thought finds its utmost range exceeded, and pauses to cry outAvith tho apostle ' 0 the depths of the riohea of the.wisdomand knowledge of God.' To train our children in this wisdom, to in striiot them ? definitely and practically in this knowledge i to' Kemember their oroator in the days of thoir youth,' is our sole motive and aim in advocating the intro duction of the special religious olduse' of tho N.S.W. Aot '' into our Educational code. * Opposition to thist fain would X believe,springs from honesty of conviotio n with the seotarian preaoher, werb it not for tho apparent unkind things said of us and tho ignoble motives attributed to us ; the seeming attempt to ridicule with unbecom ing levity, and the infliction of unnecessary pain by tho series of sarcasm whioh are badly out of keeping with the vocation of a minister of the Gospel, and very much out of plrice in the debate of a question of this kind, And I would in all humble coiu'tesy advise the Rev. & Tremayno DmiBtan that if he has lost the consciousness of self -re- speot'ond how to guide his own words with discretion and wisdom and. the good taste of a gentleman, it would bo better for him to retire from this discussion, and study some standard work, e.g. 'Our Gontlo Life,' and above all tho attitude of tho Apostles to wards tho world and their modus oporandi. ' as ministers of Jesus Christ ;' and learn to . refrain from using; suoh vulgarisms as a'spouter,' whioh may appear 'oxoruoiatingly funny' in tho Bulletin, but not at all in accord with one who is ever advertising an attraotivo pro gramme to draw people to listen to the oharms of his own voice in tho inebriety of hia own verbosity. Personally the gentle man is unknown to me, but of his talents and ability to do much good I have no doubt. I trust, howevor, he will pardon me when I say those talents are greatly neu tralised, and that ability is wasted when he stoops to the level of vulgarity of a stump orator, disclosing a lack of refinement and oulture by tho use of coarse slang in his oriticism of those who in serious language and earnestness of prinoiple honestly ex press thoir views and conviotionB on the best means to honour God and advance the cause of Christ for oiir country'a welfare and prosperity in educating the young for etornity, to live for God in time, to live with Him in the world, to come by distinc tivo and definite religious teaohing arid the higher grade of morality and virtue.— Yours, &c;, . , EDWARD 8. CLAIRS. * Northam, July 11, 1803. 