CHAPTER II. Nearly two months had passed since Daisy Elwes met the man whose face she could not forget, but whom she had never seen since that memorable day. He must have been, as Clarence said, one of the boarders who sometimes came for a short stay at Silverstream. Now he had gone back to his home and had forgotten her. -. The birds sang about the pines, and the' rose-vines were laden with fragrant trea sures Still, the people that were to occupy the house had not arrived. ' How I would like to pluck some of those dear old roses,' Daisy said to Olarence, one moonlit evening, as they walked homeward from a pleasant stroll. ' Poor mamma I:the sight of them would be pleasant to her. ' Come on,' urged Clarence. ' You must not venture to get the roses; they are not yours.' S' Oh, wait, Clarence, do ! pleaded Daisy. The youth trudged stubbornly .ahead ; but the roses still gleamed alluringly in the moonlight. In an instant Daisy had lightly scaled the wall and reached them. ' Well; she's done it, anyhow !' Clarence I exclaimed, looking back. t '11 -just step ahead and stand behind yonder tree at the edge of the road, I can watch and see that no danger befalls her. She will think I've goneon, and how frightened she will be! Serve her right, too, the hard-headed little t*hing.' The wilful girl had gathered a large bunch of the flowers, and had just glided into a shady nook where more tempting clusters 'grew, when a strong hand fell upon. her shoulder, and a strong man stood beside r her. \- So I have caught you at last,' said a. masculine voice. ' The ghost of -the Pjnea ha !' I Daisy gave vent to a scream so piercing I; that Clarence came in a hurry from. behind: his tree and hastened toward her. 0 Then you are not a ghost ? said the man. ' Ah, forgive me ! 1 have frightened. you cruelly. A moment: ago. when I caught r sight ofjyour white-draped figure; I thought I saw the ghost that is said to. haunt the 3 place. Why are you here without protec-: I tionV 1 He led the trembling girl into the moon t light, and as he recognised the. sweet face r that had never been absenit from his mind. since first beheld, she realised' that at "laist' a he stood before her, the dark-eyed hero., of a her thoughts. 'She is. not here without .protection,.' q cried Clarence, breathless, coming Uip in time r, to hear the. last words. ' How have you y frightened her I Speak, villain 1 And the boy menacingly brandished a knotty stick a he had picked up in his haste. I. 'Hear ..me explain, Mr Elwes,' said e Arthur Carnegie, smiling in'spite ofhimr.elf, e ' We have just arrived to take up our resi dence in the. old house. yonder. Rulnour, e says it is haunted. My sister observed this young lady from her window, and, believing she had seen a ghost, implored me- 'to solve the mystery. I have frightened your sister 1 unintentionally. :1 !crave her' pardon and f yours.' I Clarence, ashamed :of his impetuosity, Ield i outQhia haid i in.a' sheepish .nianner. ' "I told Sis not to get the. roses,' bhe said. I -' But I did not knoWi anyone i lived here. B.esides, I feel that I have a right 'to' the flowers, 'said. Daisy,. proudly, as she .re covered ;herself.' ':And as to the ghosti sir,' I ineg'ie face, * my ' giranidfithsr would :not I come back to trouble' or frighten anybody, even:could he .do so.' ' Then,' said Arthur, ' itfwas your grand- 4 father who was murdered there 1 pointing :toward the dark, old house. ' He died there--I believe he was mur tdered,' the girl answered: '. . She stooped and 'gathered her scattered 1 roses, and 'Carnegie 'penitently dropped on , his knee to assist her in. the task. ' I caused you to lose your flowers. Let me cut you some more,' he said. 'No, no, these will do,' was the sweet re- i ply. 'May I assist you in conducting your sister homie 9' he asked Clarence. 'No, sir, thank you. W .will iiottrouble I you any further,' retu~rned the boy, Arthur opened.the wide gate, and as the t two disappeared down,a'bhadowy path he stooped to pick up -sorithhing which lay at his feet. It gas a rose that Daisy had dropped and he pressed it to his lips. . . . , . ' So your ghost has turned - out to be the maiden you admire so much--the girl you fell in love with while she was fishing ' said Laura Carnegie some days after the little episode just recorded. I Arthur stood with' his arm resting on the , back of his mother's chair. He was very fond of the delicate old lady. His face I flushed a little as Laura spoke. ' What would Irene Burnsley think if she knew of your flirtation with the pretty little rustic,' Laura went on, half scornfully. ' Why, Laura, dear, you know Arthur is kind and polite to. all women, even his old mother,' said Mrs CaiOgie, softly. Laura watched Arthur's face to see what effect her words would produce. She loved wealth and power, and desired to be con nectod with a woman whose influence could win her an entrance into that charmed u?pper 'ircle of which she longed to,...~Amembher, Qm un tre-wo m - saw na thie, heiress,: Iran Burnsley. ' They were not wealthy these Carnegies, and on Arthur depended the regaining of their position and wealth. He had heard of the rich coal mines al ready opened at Silver stream, and with what, capital he possessed determined to par chase a portion of the lands supposed to. con tain the hidden treasure. So he. contracted with Major Jones, in whose hands Willis Thornby, the scapegrace heir of the murdered judge, had left the property to rent the property for one year, and if the ghost story proved to be unfounded, to then purchase it. 'But suppose Arthur's speculations fail ? Laura frequently asked herselt [ Then what will become of, us 2 With Irene as his wife, we should be secure. He must marry her;' So she wrotethe heiress a very 'pressing invitation to spenid a few weeks among the quiet beauties of Silverstream hills. ' If Arthur has a silly fancy foir'this pretty rustic, Irene's stately manners and lady-like bearing will soon break the spell, and hind him more securely to her. side1' reasoned Laura. She had told no one of the invitation which had been accepted, and now as she watehead the dark, handeome face of her brother, she wondered how her plans were to succePd. A slight-frown gathered' between his eyes as he said 'You should not forget that it is your duty as a 'lady to speak respectfully of one who merits that name, Laura.' 'Why, what have I said reflecting on her ladyship V 'Miss Elwes is a noble and refined young woman,' he went on Laura felt a strange uneasiness at her heart.. 'Not too soon ! not too soon,' she mused, as she re-read in her own room, Irene'i note of acc?ptance. Part of the letter:ran 'I will be with you at the close of the .month, my dear Laura,' ' 'Ah, I must thwart the designs of this a'rtful EIgeafirl,'she said. C We will see, my beauty, whether you will capture Aithur Oarnegie with your rudeaira auddoll-like face.' I "She would have ground her white teeth co~ild she have seen that' face, an hour ' later, flushing andglowing under the admir ing glances of Arthur.; w i Daisy, was dressed'in simpl'e white. She had been gathering flowers, and her broad hat, which she had converted' inti. abisket, was filled with ferns and blobssoms:s At her belt she wore a- bunch of maidenhair ferns, Swhich with their delicate green tracery and shining, dark stems, harmonised well wit. the whiteuess of her robe. She had met' Arthur as she emerged from. the wood. Sh'edid. not know he had sought her,. bu her eyes brighteied with, pleasure I when she recognised him, ' You make one think of fairy queeps, ot .sylphs, or other w'oodland spites,'Miss Daisy. r You surely hold converse with them, for you are often among their haunts,' he said, smil S'a in"· 'I am so fond of flowers, especially these } wild darlings,' she said, blushing, and raising - a spray of, white blossoms to -her lips. ' Daisy,' he said; in a voice so strangely li; gentle that her heart leaped into her,throat. ' I want to tell you a story. Little girl I love you.' , Daisy's eyes sought the dark, ardent ones be with a timid,, faltering, icr . h1ow. sweet- sc si-the-nslence a?mong the trees. How the T little flowers, along the.pathlnoddetb beds and sentouli figrant miessages o joy pc and liope. Arthur felt the charm of their surround- lo ings, but sweeter. than all was the sweet face 'sij of his love. I He took one small, trembling hand. t -' Yes, I have lovred you from the first day tl of our meeting. Daisy be my-' ' Boo !' came the sound of a boy's voice re from among the bushes. And Clarence emerged into view, looking surprised to find' n" Carnegie beside his sister. ad He saluted him coldly. I have been looking for you all the even- w, ing, Sis. Come-we must hurry home,' he said, turning to Daisy in an almost stern tb manner. he Confused and trembling, Daisy followed her brother. C, Arthur did not attempt to accompany her, ti for'he saw that Clarence would have been dis h, pleased had he done so. And so their inter- fe view was rudely interrupted, and love's best story only half told. C The next day Laura Carnegie mounted on ol her horse, drew rein at Daisy's gate and dis- I D mounted. Daisy was in the garden and te quickly advanced to meet her. 'Miss Elwes, I believe,' Laura said. ' I be am Laura Carnegie. . w Daisy bowed so sweetly and gracefully that H the proud woman envied her -gentle, lithe fa grace. . t ' I have heard of your lovely flowers, Miss w Elwes, and came to see if you would self me I some. I want to decorate the house in honor at of the arrival of my brother's betrothed ca wife.' di A death-like whiteness spread over the fair young face. ' You are welcome to any of the flowers. We do not sell them, but will give you all al youdesire,' Daisy answered through her frozen lips. f fo 'Oh, thank you. Arthur will be pleased. 10 He is'so devoted to dear Irene, he loves to bi gratify heir every whim.' Meclianicy aaair flwr f o~t~an fie lse lover's choice - great, is creamy rosebuds, heartsease that mocked her grief, snowy lilies, scarce whiter than, her own sweet face. ' Take them, you are welcome,' Daisy re plied. And Laura rode away exulting in her sus cess. In a brief hour Daisy Elwes turned from a light hearted girl into*a suffering woman. Arthiir came, but she would not see him. She knew she would break down utterly in his presence, and was too proud to let him see how weak she was. Once after that she saw him riding with a beautiful lady, whose languid eyes drooped under their long-fringed lids, as though those same sweet words he had spoken among the trees were being whispered into her ears. The sight almost maddened Daisy. This lovely creature would be his wife. Those languid, purple eyes would answer his glances. And she,' broken hearted girl, loved him so-oh, she loved him so. The glorious summer sped on, and Daisy still shunned Arthur Carnegie. Once she had unexpectedly met him near her home, and he looked at her mournfully but ten Sderly.. Why do you avoid me T he asked. 'If you cannot love me, at least let us be friends. I.had hoped - SDo you dare to speak to me of love 1' she interrupted, and darted p~ast him. After that he had been often absent from home. Business, it wasrumored, called him to a distant city. But Daisy guessed that it was the beautiful woman lhe.had seen whose presence allured him - the woman who would soon be his wife. One day something tempted her to revisit the spot where Arthur had said he loved her. Dreamily she stood beneath the trees and lived over again that bright, brief time. A ( footstep approached and not until a well known voiceecried 'Daisy,' did she know that i the man nf whom she thought was by her c side. She turned and their eyes met. . a ' I must go,' she faltered. 'No !' he cried. 'There is some cruel I misunderstanding between us, darliug, and you mugt bear us.a - I love you. Let me 1 complete what I began to say several months ago. I love you, and I want you to be my wife. But ere you answer, let me tell your that I am.poor. I have been away trying to better my financial prospects, and hoped to offer you a hand: not empty It is selfish of ,me to offer.it at all, but oh ! Daisy, I can nrot live without you !', - :. There was so much anguish and longing , ianhis voice that the girl. could~ not doubt r him. . I, 'My poor Arthur I' she said. I In a moment she, was folded in his.-arms. .I 'God bless youn for a true, noble woit? !' ihe exclaimed;.- And you, are not afraid/ to . face poverty with me I' t Her beaming face was a sufficient answer. e~ There was s brief silence, too blissful for wI ords, and. then, as if awakening from a ?i dream, she started from him. r. ' But that tall, beautiful lady who was to u have been your wife V she stammered. 1- A puzzled look crossed his face. ' I do not understand;' he said. ' Th6 lady who was here a few weeks ago -is shenot to be your wife ' ' Irene Burnsley '' said Carnegie a new light dawning on his mind. 'No !' 'Then i-- I--' 'This explains your avoidance of me. This is why I have suffered, all this while, believing You did notlove nie. . Tell me who so falsely deceived you '1' Daisy;had detected the stratagem 'of her ]sl tioste ,hiht is .too charitable-to ex pose her. 'I saw you with her-I believed you loved her. .But it does not matter now, since it s not true,' she murmured. Arthur was supremely happy in spite of the fact that he must give up the house at the Pines. Laura, proud and haughty as ever, fiercely resented Arthur's engagement. 'To think that in our poverty he must needs marry that girl, w ho can only be an additional burden,' she said to her mother. 'He loves Daisy, and I am waiting to welcome her,' the old lady answered. The months passed, and with deep regret the Carnegies were preparing to leave the home they had found so pleasant. In the meantime, the mother of Arthur Carnegie's promised wife was laid to rest by the side of the husband she had chosen in her youth, even at the cost of her father's favor, On the day before that on which the Carnegies were to bid good-bye to the Pines, old Major Jones sent a letter to Clarence 'and Daisy, inclosed in one of his own. Its con tents were as follows :- ' MAJoR JONE,- When you read this my body will be in the ground. -God knows where my soul will be. I murdered Judge Hoyle. I kept the will he had made in my favor in a moment of anger with his daugh ter, and destroyed the one he made later, when his heart became softened. The crim e I committed has hounded me to the step I am about to take. The property in your care belongs to Florence Elwes of her chil dren. WILLIS THORNBY.' Tho wretched man had committed suicide. So Daisy had a right to the sweet roses along the old wall at last. The richest vein of coal in the vicinity was found on the place to which Mrs Arthur Carnegfe had become sharer with her brother. SSo 1 married a fortune after all,' Arthur s a -fortune in herself.' 