THE SATUDAlU, APlll S, 1593. That there is a section or.STINATri of settlers in Alildmla A).I determined to keep iup otrcAnisi) this disastrous strife ois'reitcTiox. and turmoil at all hazards, seems to be manifest 'enough. The "trouble" has nowf:la t'ed about 12 months, aiid during tl at time there hare been severall occeasions whlen iul anticable and isti ifctry settlemielnt appeared to be n il'the loillt of Cllslllllnlation. Each time, liowever, at the critical Iloiienit, Csolnie new' cry was raised or sole old grievance was resurrected." Pea ceful negotiations were barred, andi thei struggle went oni with in creased. v!ehemtlence. In .July last, thlere was a' period of peace, the ghosts w?ichl h d i een raised liy tl celebratetd "cotnmlittee on fl.sipec:ks hawribg been put to rest by Mr. i)eal ki ilMin t others. Peace, thowever, became monotonous to such meiubers of that counitttco as 1i hi lbee elected to the directorate. A set of i tge i ons0,:conundrumns, of nmore or le?s intricacy, wast fi anmed itid espatcthed Itl thle liinister ftr Water Supply. A? pretty little quarrel arose out lof this step. The directors were snubbed i ? I .. .. ... . i . BI l ++ + . .. .... by .'the .Miliste, and recia'i- ta menuleti.a to .onfer Wilthl the diretaors p ,f Chalcer Blros. ild. about ihei Of dillicoltie's. ly alirectioit of the ae sihircticlder, a ed'fei'cse was:li arranged, 'Mesars. Glydle, G ralt am.' aild Paterson Irocelediun?g to: . el- hla bourime dtaring tie last week in Augast. On tlhecir arrival, tlhl s dirctly wired Iiack th:at tihey hl ad Ibeen well received antld a gaooni s5a't was milde. There is sit qnestion hIta re had. the conference beean llowed li o go .on withopit hterruption, a very 5sa, isfactory agrenamr nt colal haveP been arrived at, and the whole tarobhle would thllereupon have enidedl. So strongk were the indications of peace thlat the extretnists becamlle seriously alarmed. .heit occupatihn, would be P gone if aanything so uaitoward as a 11 reconciliattion were Iaroughl abouLt. ' Mr. IlHarrinan was acecordingly ima- ci IIarted-at awhose exIpenise has Ilever i teen diisclosed. liaviing beea the tl secretary of the Crown Law I)clpart inellt, ihe wtas regarldedl as a legal luminatry of about a naillion candle piower. Whyi he slauld ihave been so regarded is not obvious. as he hadI little mnore to do with the makliug la aaud thie inherpreting of law thau the a boys who fold the paners ii tile ti :ltrgs olfice have to dlo with l the it p'clmlaration of the leaadiag miatter. hltowever. a M r. lHarrhiinaas tarought I before the settlcrs of 3lildura to ex pliain to themI tiUe lhiddenl ilmptlort ,f thle faImous [ailetultre. lile shloveda withh t hiti tsclniet l ampli iacntiotn anda a itooundlless wealth of dog- Latii, tlhalt 1 the settlcrs awere entitled to ie sup-, plied with free wrater :rald he gave h therit his personal assurance that he wroild see tat thley got it. IThen for ta time Mildur.:i went miad. It is lrobalble ithat there were less than a score who lwere not attache:ld in somae "degree with tlis ehclanting LIarrimani. The llirslt result of the c fIree-water intovellellt ras thle colll plcte stoppa'ge of the water supplily t for several weeCks, aid fr,'mn Mr.ai Ihtrituani's vigit arose tile really ii serious troubles bht.ween tihe settlerse and thle ipromLoters. ThIe conference 1C tas abrupttly terlinated, tloSughl a the concessious otffered by tIa l lirta elof Cllafey Iros. Ltd. w-ere inore 1 amlle ail liberal tact aaythling that I Stcoulld possibly :ive been ectortcd by r press're. Tlheir ofers were riejccted,t :ard the directors, insteatd of devoiting I tlthemselves to the duty they werer a a allpoinlted to carry oat, tlhit of slip plying water, spenl their time :ad C energies iin malking frantic chlarges r agaiist the promloters, ail still lnlare frantair alpteals for liarliamentary a.itterferetce. They certainlly fir at timne lost sighlt altogetlaer of thet functions they were elected tao per formt. Early in October the pio moters mtde a hnlest atteilpt tt imeet the settlers. Tlie ca atract a)ro posals, wiich deailt with ever, dimi culty anld grievitilee, are to, Wella knawnt to require recapitulation there. a Itis sui(cicent to say blthat, thrughli tlie aaersonal hostility evinced li. ihe hrire- I *tors, the prolosals :a ere incanttin etlty areecaed. Thle visit of the Select a Cnitathitee: it .janatarY lasti. tllad theI Sintcillents in. coiltction wihl thei . aassiag.af the Millura Raitiag Bill, I e are fresh taeaiiaadsof aaareaders. i ' On twio or tlirce aceasioila- this iaeai: ra I itt cattseqateate aaf the ameaiiatioai aif Scertain iittluenetial settlersl the liarlies I' .e .ce apaIr etlt ~brougit cislogetI ller, 1 ata, as befre, r. llyde anal ,:' a. adaise's blocked the .wary at t.he .1 critica:l jl tur. H ever, the Irri r gatioa Coampatny's disetaraitett so a i. fatr last atoatil as to lanee a oisatace a i, tareplareci, ainder wlaiehl atll aaattteas \- ia tiisuate shtld he r eferted ta coat I;·ai , m :;1~ fI; I? F,;;~~"? " ';" " : ' .......... " ':? '411 ;,;?:,,i i ..... "" ......llrl ~ l otet arbitrati onl . The maedcliatrs g allaloadc of this scietie it at geaerat tray, aandl it :appeared ..ig!hly hirohaiahe that th s Chlalieys wontie satet to it, '- The extreit'stis reogaaisea. tlat this a,-o aal ai-ver dla, is it " taht'la riig the e tataarmc to an eata, so tlhev Itai tat cant ' aaout for some new meats of Ii?te'rZ i- tig atatl. irritattig the Cha?h "a.ys. They Saccoaritigly tried toa meddle with the al aater-righlt by lpropio g csraitan y. radical alterations in the Coltlanaly's if Articles of Associattioai. .fihe effect ci of these aiteratioais wouao haae heen to varytim tenure atid representative privileges einjoyed by ihe purchase?? settlemient, this ild nill srious ilterferenee with he° ir bu siess~ias vendors of land: and seeilig ,that the arbitration proposals are still pending, tihe movemenit of Ir. Glde :and his advisers was only cal enlated to induce irritation, and make the prospects of a settlement miore remote than ever. It is safe to say that these irritating proiposals will nothe assented to. The cireutust ance, however, should ble sntlicient to convince the settlers that tlhe nmen who profess to be standing up for their rights :ire in reality placing every difficulty in the way of an amicable and satisfactory settle ment, thus actually reducing the chlancesof securibig those rights. How long is Mildura going to put up with this mnischievous adninistrationi A Xrearly two hours were w\uos occupied at last Wed tRtUI.tS. nesday's sharehold ers' meeting in grave ly discussinig what to anl outsider would apipear as a lmoer consequen tial chanlge in the second article in tihe Iilduira Irrigation Company's deed of associationi. Wlien the coin paity was formed its registered otlices were located at 7$ Collins-street West., Melbourne, and although the otlices have since been twice removed, and are at present established at Mil dura, the article reads as though 78 Collins-street West was the comipaily's head-quarters. This is, of course, an anomialy of a trivial character, and as to its rectification per ,oc, there cannot iaturally be two opinions. What, then, was the true significance of the debate and the opposition to so inno cent and merely verbal an adjustment? To understand this, it is necessary to recall what took place. As soon as the chairman puit before the meet ing the motion to make the change in Article ' referred to, 5Mr. Williams mumvedl that the consideration of this alteration, as well as that of the rest of the proposed ehanges, be postponed for six montlhs, so that the pending negotiations for a permanent settle ment of all nmatters in diispute between the comlpatny andtlihe firn miighlt not be interrupted, tt ainy rate at tlheir tpre sent hopeftil stage. The chairman ruled Mir. Williaimns' anmendlent out of orter, as it was too swreeping, and required hIint to restrict it to the one change proposed. This was anl un warratited stand' for the chairmanle to take, tand when Mr. DleGaris said so the only reply lhe got ini proof of the soundness of the ruling was, "It is out of order because I liave ruled so." This was arbitr:iry anid incorrect. Any way, Mr. Williamis accepted the elhairman's ruling, iniodified his amend iierit, and explainedl that it renatinedl as muchi a test question as it. was` iii its original form., After the lihow of Ihantids, which gave a tijorit against Mr Wiilli tis, he de tantled a 0poll, wlhicllh w~s suppohrted by the iolders of upliwarils of 1i tOB.shares. Innuttlbtel t Ifter this item htd beetn i failr adtcel,, r. :eGaris,,, this tiea nuithi thls :utcticinof the chair, nioed th at the consideration of the whole of the other proposal he siui i trly postponel, and upon this hlie demanded a poll, wulti.h ?t? graited. ch: irn i s :"W right siii i-:allowing at the beginning whit he advised at the 1 at issue, nil upon which the iotes of to d ay will lie polled y ti , ard to tte , it bechallomesd -i i i? :"aIec "?iurty for ..h...elltf-;.:: e :ae I'Cld to :detnti.ne toe? for the:,i i tirst iliu? ain ,niulnassionu,, appeal is mnade to the iitelhigene of the Mil :t dura landholdher., lie is tsked to say i whether lhe is eontent to enter upon ., . . + . ? ..., ? ., : ::.? i', . aCe sidoldyeari·'s oi proitta agiiitaiois owhether he is 'iesirois of istiagling honou.rtl l .i'il' periar~itly disposing of every c dobt anl difliculty that has been iiearthed or created by the dispiittes of :lastyear. IIe is askedto say:liethier itis opportiune just now to surprise scores of omenibers of the Comlpany by en acting radical changes before the notice of the cihanges has reaclied them, much less their opinion been elicited. Above :ill, he is rc minded" that the propiosails of the Ihrigation nIponpaily for thle final determination of all issues have not yet been submitted to Messrs. Chatfey, and sh:arehohlers are aisked to sayI whether it is likely to promote good feeling and satisfactory business to spring upon the firim changes in the constitution of this Company that entirely upset the whole basis of its business. It. is ad:imitted that Messrs. ChafLey can only successfully conserve their own interests by lilerally protecting those of their purclihasers. It is atli1st as generally allowed that they have given frequent evidences of their willingness to do this, and it may he safely taken that their willingness to grant counecsions grows with their ability. As, therefore, the nirm is the only source of advraitage or concession open to the settler, it is Wise for him to ask ow best li he can maintain his rights, and yet not hinder the firm from granting hin what lie deiems to be his dule. This, then, is the question to be settleid to-day : Shall antagonist con tinue, or shall reciprocal relations be established 2 Sliall-we tight longer, to our; imultual distress, or shall we conihbine forces for general advantage ? It is niot a matter of principle. It is a question of policy. The old policy of disruption, confusion and ruin has failed. The new policy of mediation and negotiation is being inaugurated. Slihall the nei methiod have a fair show ? Or shall the destructive methods of the past be continued in renewed force, to the complete shamue of aill concerned ? It has been a boast of iMildura that her average of intelligence is high. Here is a ehiaice for a litting justific?tion of the houst. 