The Hunted Hare. There is a ^pla'ce near our town called :;Heathfield^—a;gloomy arid, solitary, wa'gte. Heathfield- was 'then jusb such aVevil spirits delight in; where if people really Bee no thing, it is quite dreary and vast enough to fancy they see a great deal, which in these sort of cases is much the same thing. On Heathfield the devils dance ! ' I do not know who is the piper, as we have here no Tam o' Shanter to tell us ; but I suppose the company are not without musicians to give them a few hints in the ' concord of sweet soundB.' Now, as the old tale goes, there was, once upon a time — a mode of dating which all tellers of such tales as mine should never fail to employ, as it sets aside any 3mall cavilB that might arise from those awk ward points in settling real facts that depend on chronology— there was, once upon a time, an old woman, and she made a slight mistake, I do not know how, and got up at midnight, thinking it to be morning. This good woman mounted her horse, and set off. oanniers, cloak, and all, on her way to market. Anon she heard a cry of hounds, and perceived a hare rapidly making to wards her. The hare, however, took a turn and a leap, and got on the top of the hedge, as if it would say : 'Come, catch me,'to the o|d womann. She liked such hunting as this very well, put forth her hand, secured the game, popped it into her panniers, covered it over, and rode forward. She had not gone far when great was her alarm on perceiving in the midst of the dismal and solitary waste of Heathfield, advancing at full pace, a headless horse bearing a black and grim rider, with horns sprouting from under a little jockey cap, and having a cloven foot thrust into one stirrup; 'He was surrounded by a pack o£ houndB- thus noticed by Mary Colling : ! 'Of hounds on Heathfield seen to rise A With horned heads and flaming eyes.' They had, according to tradition, tails top, that whisked about and shone like fire, and the air itself had a strong salphuroua scent. These were signs not to be mis taken, and the poor old woman knew in a moment that huntsman and hounds were taking a ride from the regions below. But it soon appeared that however clever the aovu tuigui we, no won mj.\j wujuigt , *v-» —w very civilly asked the old lady if she could set him right, and point out which way the hare was flown. Probably she thought it no harm to return the father of lie's an answer in his own coin, so she boldly gave him a negative; and he rode on, nothing suspecting the cheat. When he was out of sight she soon perceiVed th^e hare in the panniers begin to move, when to her utter amazement arose a beautiful young lady all in white, who thus ad dressed her preserver— ' Good dame. I ^ admire your courage, and thank you for the kindness with which you have saved me from a stato of suffering that must no~t be told to human ears. Do noir start when I tell you that I am hot an inhabitant of the earth. For a great crime committed during the time I dwelt upon it, I ; was doomed, as a punishment in the other world, to be constantly pursued either above or toelbw ground by «vil spirit's, until I could get behind thoir tails, wfciJ at they passed on in search of me. This diffi cult object, by your means, I have now happily effected ?;? and as a roward for your kindness I promise that allyour hens shall lay two eggs instead of one, and that your cows shall yield the most plentiful store of milk all the yoar round j that you shall talk twice as much as you, ever did before, and your husfcand stand no * chance in any matter betwoen you to be settled by the tongue. But beware of the devil, and don't grumble about tithes j for my en«my and yours may do you an ill turn when he finds put you were clever enough to cheat even him j;eince, like all great imposters, he does not like to be cheated himself. He can assume all shapes, excepting the lamb and the dove.' The lady in white, vanished, as all such white ladies ought to do; the old market woman found the bet t possible luck that morning in her traflic ; and to this day the story goes -in our town, that from the Saviour of the world having hallowed the form of the lamb, and the Holy Ghost that of the dove,- they can never be assumed by the mortal enemy of the human1 race under any circumstances.— Exchange. In 1850 the railway -born coal to London was only 248,000 tons, and last year it exceeded 8,000,000 tons. '',, / The choicest of the tobacco 'grown in Siam cannot be purchased,, as it is reserved for the special use of the King. A British ship which recently rounded Cape Horn, experienced the phenomenon of a heavy cloud of duBt at sea. A district surveyor for Lambeth and Camberwell is accused of travelling, by the London and South-western rai'way for fiW years without a ticket. 