Tito Hace at the Window. Bilvani Todd' met mo nt the Savillo ono ?renlng and took mo aside. I wan living ? in two rooms not far from tbo Edgnnro toad. ' Look horo, Williams.' bo bc^an, ' 1 nm going to Egypt on this cholera commission, and I shall bo away lor air. months at leant. II you liko to move into my houuo whilo I 6m away, do co.' ?'Into your liooca in Grosvenor street?' I exolaimcd. 'Yea. Why now ' uo replied ligntiy. i \- ? will lcavo cheques for tho rent anil taxes. Yon will bo doing mo a kindness. Gilt in a tidy man, but I would prcier not to leave tho servants nlono in tho houno.1' ? ? But an to rent ?' I said dubiously, 'Never mind about that. Or stay. In place of rent you can pay tlio servants' board wagon, or liod thoir keep il you please.' ' Dono with you,' 1 cried heartily. . Awoelilatcr I moved into tho houco in Groavenor etrect, No. 100. It was a fair-nized house. On tho right of tho hall wan tlio dining room, spacious and wciirircotcd in oali, with much combro furniture, and ono largo window whioh looticd upon tho litrcot, Dehind this was the oonuulting room. Tho ? ? window horo was overlooked, but a window I garden well ntoohed with ferns, and above it a cariouo laoo blind, cocured tbo necdlul ptivaoy. So muoh lor tho houno. 1 Had boon in it about three wccliti ; tho wordo, 'Uomo and DOS moj 1 am livinn in Gronvenor utrcotnov?,' woro beginning to loco thoir Grot av;catncna in tho mouth, when, on coins out ono morning, 1 found a man standing on tha doorstep, Uo had that moment runn tho boll. 'Doctor Silvan! Todd ?' ho ooliod, looking from mo to a paper lio held in his hand. '?Are you Duotor ililvam Todd, nir?' 'No,' 1 liaslcued to anower, fearing that ho won collccting rates and tszen. 'lam Dot Dootor Todd. Ho is in Egypt— in the Sondnn ; right up in tho oountry, in foot .' ' Anyono living horo besido Doctor Silvani Todd?' ho asUod jerkily, poising a ponoil above hioliot, '?Living hero? Well, I am living horo, but—' ?'Christian name, ournamo and profes ?™i ????? ?' euro aocuraoy. 1 Then ho explained that ho woo a canvaoser for a directory. 'Your cord, sir? Thank you,' ho oaid. 'Tho nama shall bo inserted. May I tako your order for a oopy t' 'No,' I replied brusquely, ' Is that all you wont 7 ' ' All this morning, thank you,' ho airily answered. Ho wns not ono whit abashed by my man ner or sorutiny. ' Thon good-morning.' I held tho door open, and only shut it «7hoa ho had fairly turned tho corner. I am ?a Bby man, and his coolneGS had staggered mo. Bus il I bad not soon him, when my baclc was turned, as bo supposed, in tho aot of examining my lotter-boc — not tho look of tho door, or tho bolts or ohoin, but tho letter box of all things— I was a Butah nun. What oould tho man want with my leltcr-box? I began, though I would not .have oonfesoed to tho feoling for tlio world, 4o dislike tho stillness and gloom of tho house. It was natural that such quarters ?should cccoi quiet in comparison with my old lodgings ; but this alone did not account fot my unuasinensj whioh grow so marked ithat tho Btrikiog o£ a clock startled mo, and ,a ray ol ounlight Bhooting athwort tho dim :nesB of tho room made mo jump. No, 1 caught tho infection from Gait Ho was a tall- moon-faced man, ordinarily ; tbo model of a lino and rule servant, sober and steady, and not too intelligent. But ho had a queor habit ol goini; stealthily about tho hou»e, and though I did not mind this much, I did objcot to nnolber triok ho had of glanc ing ovtr his shoulders as ho waited at table, evb'ilo hlo faco would put on at theso timos an unpleasant liotcning expression. Moro than once I oamo upon him standing still in tho hall listening. And if I wor.t into tho con sulting room lo water ,tho fcpnp, ho woo Buro ' to bo at my elbow tho next minute, liotpning J4tain# I dnrueay. 13nt this was not oil, Ono niRht something happened, whioh gavo mo real ground for uneaslnrss. I had gone to bod oarly, but I ?oould not sleep, and uhilo I was lying awalto, 1 thought I heard a cautious foots'.cp on tho etairs. At my door it paused— if it was a /oototop— for 1 oould only bear the oreaking ol a board at intervals ; then it soomed to go lower. ' All fanoy t' I said to mysolf, and turned over. 'AllfanoyJ' Bat I woo not quito sotiefied, f.nj presently with o hard word for my folly, jumped up, nnd in my pfj traas, just as I wan, went out on tho lauding. 1 oould hear nothing. I crept soltly donn the stairs in the dark. All cms still. The ticking ol tho eight-day clock end tbo occasional grating of a window as tho breeze roso or foil wero tho only sounds insido the houiy. Outsido a cab rumbled by. I reached tho foot of tho stairs, and, satiaQcd now that I had deceived myoelt, was turning to go baok, when my movement brought tho keyholo of iho consulting-room door under my oyo. A thin beam of light shot from it Into the darkDcss ol tho hall. Well, I hesitated ; perhaps whilo tha dock above tiokcd a doscn times. I considered tho position. Somcono might havo carelessly left a light burning in that room. Only tho *oom acs not in use. And then what of tho stepson tho stairs? On tho other hand, tbero might bo a burglar insido. And then had I not better summon tho police! But supposo I did thin, and lo I a 'mere lighted candle? That would bo a humiliation in deed. I leered tho burglar, but ridioulo moro. Stopping forward, I Hung opon tho door and stood on my guard, For a ccoocd or two I woo dazzled by tho light, though it proceeded only from a singlo oandlo on tlio mantel. No ono moved in tho room. No ono waa to ho soon, I stopped oaatiously in with a omilo on my faco, and —and jumped, 1 daresay, a couplo of feet Aoido. ' Why, Gait !' I cried tho nest minuto, cooing that it really was tho sorvant who, nlono and hall-droscod, was standing by tho window. ' What aro you doing bnro? What aro you doing up at this timo ol night /' I oncd imperatively. Ho did not answer. Ho was trembling violently. I had given him a great shook, that waa olear. Ho passed ono hand across his brow in a stupid way, In tho othsr ho bold tho garden oyringo 1 havo mentioned. 1 thought I grasped tho position. ' I will toll you what it is I' I oaid, taking ap tho oandlo, and holding It so that its light fell upon his dased faco and distended eyes, 'I trill toll you what it is, my man 1 You havo been walking in your sleep I' He ohaded his oyes with his hand and partly turned from mo. ' I am afraid I havo, sir,' ho muttorcd abjeotly. Ho was still forced to steady himself by lasting ono band on tho table. I took tho oyringo from him. 'I ouppose that this is not tho first timo yon havo douo it ? ' I said querulously. T } havo a servant who walkod in his sleep. It was too provoking. 'No, sir, 'ho auuwerod, his teeth chatter ing with tho fright or tho oold. ' I used to do it when I woo n boy. But I thought I bad grown out of it years ago.' ' I liopo that you will urow out of it now,' I ropliod rovctelv. ' 1'horo, got to bed, . and for goodness' oako stay thoro if you 01°'ycji 0ir,' ho caid humbly. ' I am sorry that I disturbed you, cir.' Imado a figi to him to go first. As I followed I glaiioed round tho room at tho straaiio modloy that covorod tub, a and mntelt'-is;u fled p»Mfloffed on to onairo uod brackets, On a shelf above Iho liroplaoo wos q mommy's head with borriblo glass oyes that Eoomud to bo winking at mo, and in bottles bolo\7 it T/cro prcparatiODQ \7hi0h Todd had been ucing to illuQtrnto bin phyoioloaical lcoturcn nt Bartbolouiov/'o, H Uyli I' I csolnimcd, cloning tbo door v/ith n uhuddcr. I noon fell nolccp when I Rot bach to bed. But ouco i\t leant I awoho with n atari and cat up, in tbo bolicl that ooincono wr»o ncain moving about tbo houno. Next day I had a bad ncrvoua hcadaoho, and V7ttii an ivritublo nn oould bo; co tliat when Gait na usual oropt upon mo wliilo I wan waicrmi; tno iorna, i loot my pacicnco with him nrnl turned oharply. ' Woll?' Iosolnimcd. ' I cauio to cco il you wanted rmythinc, nir,' Wanted anything, indeed ! ' No, nothiug I' I retorted. u And I thinli, Gait, that you would bo 2ar moro unofully employed, if inotend o£ following mo about tho houao you wero to olean tbo windowo. Tho ono in tho dining-room io in a diograoo ful otato, connidering that thcro aro three GcrvaLti in tho houco and only ono manter.' 'Very well, nir,' ho nnoworod rcopcot fully. Ilo wao not at all put out. Aud I, who am ohy in my doahngu v/ith ocrvanto, and yoeterday v/ould not iiavo dreamed of no ro bulling him folt a glow of pride in my moral oourafic. i 'I will dcq to it, oir,' ho oaid; u but I Dootor Todd usually allowed mo to havo a man to oican tuo outoiae. ' Then ^ot a man, Dj it in tho uoualway. Tbat ioall I want,' I anowcrcd. Ilo ansonted again, adding nomcthing, howovor, about tho difficulty of finding a man to help. I had thio in my mind fivo minuteu later, when a man accootad mo a3 I oroDced liond ntrcot on my v/ay to obatuberB. ' Will youc honor givo mo n job of work?' ho cnid. J looked afc him. Ilo wno not tearful no beggaro arc. On tho contrary, thcro wao a merry twinklo in hia oly Irioh oyeo. ' A iob of work ?'? I anoworod, glanoinij at my olim umbrella and varniobed boots. ' Uo I look ao if I bad jobo of -work to givo away ?' 11 Your honor Iooka ao if you would gjvo thorn away if you had,' ho nnowerod with ready wit. I laughed. ' Can you clean windowo f' I naked. 11 Olcan all your windwo, oir, for a chil ling 1' ho rapped out. ' Then you would havo a bad bargain,' I roplicd, thinking with prido of my fivo floors and bancmont. 'Horo I you may tako tbio to 1U0 Groovenor atreefc.' I pcnoillcd a fow worda on a oord rcqueat* ing Gait Jo lot {b.Q bOOFcp plp^n tlio iowor windows, and to pay him a chilling when ho had done. For coma rcanon, I do not now romomber wby, I went homo from obamberc oarly that afternoon. I had coarooly taken tho latoh koy from tho door beforo I loarned that thoro waq a quarrel going forward. Gait wao otanding at tho oonaulting room door, hia book to it. In front of him wao my ahabby Irtobman, gesticulating wildly, and talking at tho top of hia voioo. Ao I wiped my f octi on tho mat, Gait out him ohoit. You do not go into this room/' ho oaid ; ' that ia enough for you I' ' And why not, my ho'noy ?'' tho Iriabman wao bo^inning. 41 Suro, and his honor wao aayiDg that I wan to clean tho windowo, overv bleasod ono of them.' 'Ho oaid nothing of tho kind,' I inter* poaed Btcrnly, ao I oamo forward, ' L did not oay that you wero to como into thohouoo at all. I oaid that you woro to_ clean tbo outeido ol tho windowo, How ia thio, Gait V* Yho oervant mutterod oomcthing, »* f cxp.cot birx- to do his work, llow, as you havo let J.i)ip man cloan tl^o othoy win dowo, ho may 00 woll tjnioli tho job by doing this room. You oa'n atay with him. Open | tho door.' But G^lt did not otir, Ho looked mo ouMenly, M DjctorToddiapartioular about admitting otrangcra to this room, sir,' ho oaid, in a touo tbat matched hia faco. j 'And to tbo houno, I havo no doubt!' I returned, throwing open tho door mycolf. ?'Stayp I added, alter glanoing round. ?? CIoqo tbo inner window ovor tho feme, That ip hotter, Now ho oan do no dam« ago/' J aaw this orrangomenfc .oasrricd out boforo i left them. Then I wont into tbo front room to writo 0 iotter, bull wao pronontly roused by tho repetition of a loud knook. Gait, I know, muot bo able to hear it aa woll ao I could myeelf. I otrodo into tho hall, ' Bo you not hear that oomeono io at tho door ?' I oaid curtly. Ho did not movo. Inotoad, ho pointod uilently to tho window oleanor, who wag hard at work, 4i IJonponoo I' J oxolaimed. 'Go to tho door at once. Still a moment'p hooiiation, and ho went. The porcon at tho door kept him oomo timo. Afterward I needed ooal in tho front room and a cup of tea. His oorupleo had arisen rathor lato in tho day I thought, and I took a mioohiovouo pleasure in keeping him from bio poot. But what did it all mean ? What, indeed ? I did not oonnoot, ao yet, tho man who had been 00 inguUitiya ^botjt tho lpttor«bos with Gait. Tbo' latter'o qonduot by itoelf wao onougli Co pu&zla; mo. Uio oleop»walk|ng and otoaltby ways, hia nervouonooo, and hio otrango obatinaoy about tbo oonoulting room, gavo cnopo for wild conJootureo.Qndoortainly tilled mo with distrust of him,aowollaoa oecret prcjudiae againot tho houoo. At breakfact ntsfi morning I waa mora* otruok than beforo by the norvoua manner in whioh ho continually otartod and glanoed be hind him, «' ^ybat io i{i that yoil are afraid of, Gelt ?' I oaid Buddonly; thinking to lako hitp by ourprise. Then, ao ho did not ahowor, Io it burgiaro?' I tho ncono with tho Irish* man iu my mind, Hurglaro, oir ?' -? yes. Mind what you aro doing with the kidnoyo 1' I DQid oharply. u I thought that tho burglary oloeo by in Bond otrcet, at that jeweller'o, mighp ^ayo frightenod you. Man alivo 1 thcro ia nothing how tempt that gang.' '? I hope not, oir,' ho ropliod huokily. I put down my knifo and fork and looked ' at him. i 'J^olly, Qalt, I do not think that you aro i well,' I remarket^ in 0 moro kindly tono. ' Wo want Poctor Yodd baok alreactyf' He began to tell mo that ho had not) boon himoelf oflato.whon ho otopped opeaking, and with a low ouclamation otaggcrod baok from the tablo. Tbo plato bo wao holding foil, and wao abattorod on tho arm of my obair, Tho gravy ran over my alcove. X j jumped up in a rago. I »» What on oarth io tho matter with you?' ! I exclaimed, very muoh inolined to tplio him : and ohako him. n I oaw a— a faco at tho window,' bo gasped. Hio own face wao white. Hio lipa tromblod bo that ho oould uoarccly framo hie wordH, A faco at the window t I had been oitting 1 at a round tabto olooo to tho window, aud whon I roool bad dono ao v/ith my baok to tbo light. Now, I turned owiftly round, fol lowing tho direotiou of hio eyes. Looking paot mo, tbe- wore Gx-r,3 on a cornor of tho window. But tbero wao no faco to bo seen. Gait wan wiping hio brow with hia hanuker obiuf. ' Havo you been drinking ?M I asked. u No, oir.' Thcro waa no indignation in hia anawer. ?? Umph 1 I am uurprised to hear it,' I naid. 'For ahamo, man ! pluok up a spirit. Now go downstairs and oompoao yourself. Vou oan tell Garolino to bring mo up another plate.' Whon tbo plate hod been brought l re surnod my tirpa'ifas*. XI a'fy Giiv be coming unbuuiabie* Was bo going out ol hia mind ? Or waa it morcily tbat aomctuing baa nnetrung hio nerveo? A man moot bo i pwtty far gono— farther, I thought, than! could bo comfortablo for hia neighborn — bo* I foro ho could oonjuro up facco in broad day- I light, and— ' ^r^i Vma ^ °at °' tbo fifth of a nccond, for with tho tail of ray eye, aa I rcaohed noroon iho tablo for tho oalt, I had neon a faco at my olbow — a faco glued to tho pano, and ouch a one I A faco, white, bloodleon, with no forehead, a long upper lip, nnd Hanked by huge earn 1 A greedy faoo, with dull oyeo, that glared in | Upon mo. I wan not frichtpnrtl. hut T vmn i otartlcd, ^ Tho faoo wao unonpooted, and it wao horribly clooo to me. It. v/ao no wonder that I oprang up au I did. Yot tho thing waa hardly ceen — I had barely turned my full gazo upon it — beforo it waa gono. ' Tho impudent cooundrcl 1' 1 cried, whon my firot ourprico wao over. ' I will aoon put a atop to that 1' Iran to tho front door, nnd opening it, looked into tho otreot. Near at hand thcro wao no ono. In tho diotanoo two or thrco j broughamo wero waiting, a butohar'R cart wao I rattling off, half a dozoti pooplo wero going thio way or tbat. But no ono wao by tho win uuvr. i oc inio utu not greatly aotoniou mc. Tho houceo in Grouvonor otrcet havo project ing porticooa whioh would hido a fugitivo, though hia purouero wero but a few yarda dio tant. My firot impuloo wa a to go up tho otrcob, ( hatleeu ao I waa, and hunt him out. But | after all ho had dono no harm, nnd I con- « tontcci mynelf with vowing vengconoo if ho nhould ropeat hio inoolenco, and wont baok to my breakfast. Though I oould otill laugh at tho uorloua way in whioh Gait had takon ift, I did not return to my old scat. I removed my plato oo that I might faao tho window. Somohow tho faoo h.auntnd my momory diaagreeably. If my oyeo fell upon a dark corner, a palo imago of tho flat foaturco and fishy oyeo ohaped itoolf in tho gloom. Tho furniture, too, took queer formo whero tho firelight foil upon it, and thio went ao far that I folt Bcuoibly rolioved whon I v/ao fairly outsido tho housa. But that day boing a buoy ono, by tho ovening I had forgotten my domestic concerno, nnd whon Garolino took oil tho oovcro at dinnor I asked whoro Gait wao. Gait v/ao not vary woll and had gono to hia room to lio down. 'I do not think tbat ho hao boon woll for como timo,' Iromarkod. 'No, sir,' oaid Caroline, colomnly. She ohook her head, ao if oho could fully acoount for it. ' Wliat do you think io tho matter I wnp oonotrnincd to nok, ' Well, oir, wo think it ia tho omcll of tho doctor'o otuff,' 'Oh, indeed,' I anoworod, muoh tioklod. ' But you aro not ill?' ' No, sir. Bat you uoo, Gait— ho io moro in tho dootor!o room. f|o hqo been in thero a good bit lately, and ho 10 not Hko tho aame man.' ' That romindo mo of something,' I oaid. 'I loft my littlo oilvar matoh-box on tho corner of tho tablo in that room this morn ing.. Will you fetch it for mo boforo I forget it, Oarolitio?' Whilo oho wao about my errand, I, think ing ovor what oho had oaid, bogan to boo a oonncction between Galt'a oddity, or illneoo, or whatever it wao, and thooonsulting-room. I aaw a olear connection. Still tbero oould not bo anything in' what the'servant oaid. Doctor's stufi I That wao absurd. And it wao_ otill moro absurd to ouppooo, though I dioliked tho roomvmyself, that thoro oould bo any »malign infiuorroo about it, That was ! rubkitih«indoed, yet — ! A'cbriU coroam, and tho violont olooing of a door, cut short my reasoning. I ran out into tho hall. Tho girl wao leaning against tho wall under tho lamp, hor hand pressed to her side, her broath coming in gasps. Sho was on tha vergo of fainting, Luckily hor ory had reached othor cars, and tho cook oamo flying from below, while on an upper landing, I, looking about for any causo of fear, caught a glimpBo of Gait's palo faco peering down at us, ' Qoodnoea, Caroline j v?lja$ jo tho mattor now ?' I asked roughly, I v/ao getting vary tirod of theso osouroiono and alarmo, and waa finding it moro and moro hard not to otarft and glanoo bohind mo, aa Gait did, 'loaw a faoc— a faoo,' ohe sobbed. ' At tho window?' I asked eagerly. ' No, oir. Ovor— over the mantelshelf.' ' Tho mummy'u head. Why, you see that evory day 1' I oriod. 'Thoro must havo beon oomothing cjao bosido that (0 frighten you?' - ' Thoro— thero wao eomothing olso,' Oaro? Jinogaoped, ''Lor a moroy!' osolaimed tho ooolc, looking bohind her and then at mo to eao that I was not leaving thorn. ' What else ? What clso I What else did you sco ?' I repeated impatiently. But, and it was provoking enough to make a saint swear and return violently to his dinner, Qarolino would not saj. No, though f asked hpr i)gi.in aud ogain. and in tha main oho w&tf; a stout and sensible girl. She had scon something 1 1 ao bcoido tho head, and that wao all oho would toll us. I concluded in tho end that oho waa embroidering tho matter, and that all oho had seen wan tho mummy's head, upon whioh, perhaps, the light passing through tho open door might havo fallen with a now effect, I wont baok to my dinnor ; but first I took tho lamp aijd thoroughly searched tho qon suUing-^oom. Of course I found nothing, or nothing that should not havo beon there, £ko mummy's faco smirked upon mo un ahangod, save that it looked a littlo mora dirty, 'fho preparations in tbeii bottles bel low it wero untouohed, and in tho midst of thorn tho board on whioh tho dootor pinned hio cards of iuvitation stood as fashionably nntidy as ever. It, too, would havo been tho bottcr, whero it was not hidden by ' fixtures,' for a littlo soap and water. 3?hero was nothing now in^bGrcqmi no* thing liad boon removed or altered. ijTet I soarobod un-Jor' tbip tablo au4 in tl^o oup-4 boardo. I oould Dot got tho faco 'I had aeon at tho vladoy 0t.1t of my mine], ^ho very features ot tho parohmiept mask q\jqyo mo put ' on a grotosquo likenoso to it, But by tbio j time I wao in a condition to imagine any : thing. I Anything? No, not quite anything. For pqrejy that ory was not fauoy, could not bo ! fancy. That short, t^uiok soream^ which oamo shooting up tho ataircaoo lato tbat night, and picroed my ears, 00 that I dropped ' tho oxtinguisber and snatched up tbo caudle* otickl That was not fanoy. It woe real, aa ronl aa tbo whito, startled face I saw peering into tho looking-glass a moment lator, 'Hang it alll' I muttered haotily. '1 oannot otand thio. I shall be oooing a ghost next. Iothohouoo bowitobod ?' I raq dov/n Oho otairo, listening ao I went. Thcro waa oitenco abo?o ana below, I icaohod tho lowest flight and halted abruptly. From thero I oould ceo tho hall, aud raising my candlo abovo.my head peered downward; Ah! what wao it? Who was it? Stop by step I came down until I touched a proatrate form. Then I aot tho candlo on tho stairs, and stooped over it. Tbnnk Heaven, there was no blood) lis w/ig Gait, and ho was alive.' With an effort I turned him over, ro coilhiR.an inntant ao a clasp-knife rolled from his hand. I picked it up, and ho pighed. Ilo had merely fainted, then, and pushing tbo mat under his head I rose to my feet, my lirat fears relieved, I looked round. The dioing-room door wab wide op*n, tliut of tbo oonEulting room waB bJ ir. Without taking up the candle, with Boat(!C a moment's thought, I flung tho latter open and Gtood op tbo thr^hold look, ing in. I held my breatn and ohivered, I confess, for I saw what ho bad seen and Garo lino had Been ; N-U overcoming the first norvop3 desiro to ory out or flee, I stood looking tbo tbiog in the faoc until all fear was gone. Truly in the face— for it was a fao-3 1 «aw-r-a luminous death's head. Eyes, mouth, and nostrils were black oaverno io & p4le lambent m**k, It waa grim enough. But taking into acoount its position ore; l&a; lireplacoj a momont'o reflection BatieGed wu that nomcono had tricklod out tha poor mummy '-1 head v/ith luminous paint, and thon had written bolow it on the fixtures board, in letters rough, but clear, 'Thief I' Thief I I understand tho word, tho somo thing el'io which Caroline had oeen ; but who had written if, or wby? Yet it clearly bo hoved mc to find out. In tho niolf, and also at the juuetion of tbo nteel nnd haft, wero oome fragments of a thing almost as ctrango in that house— dry earth. We had no garden at Ono Hundred and Ninety, except tho win dow garden at my elbow; and wby should Gait have boon dipping in the half- barrowfol of earth which it held, nnd digging, or about to dig, there at midnight? Why, indeed ! I brought tbo candleooloso to tho window, and ooanned tbo surfaoo of tho ooanty coil wbioh made up our solo garden ground. Surely 1 was on the traok, for on putting noido fair sized ferns I saw that the handful of earth anainst tho bano of the biggest otono had been lately moved aud watered. With tho knifo I dug out tho damp mould. 1 wao not a bit curprioed to find tbat a tiny oavorn in or under tho otono becamo viable, I thrust in my hand, and feeling a handful of hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. How I started at sight of ibem ! How they flashed and glittered in tho pale rays of tho oandlo ! Thoy wero diamonds — a neck* laoo, pondant nnd braccloto. Thoy wore in their cottingo, when tho oound of heavy breathing behind mo warned mo to turn. Our oyeo mot, Galt'a and mine, ' inioi r i said, 'Givothom to mo!' ho muttorcd doggedly, Ltretohing out hio hand. 'Nothing of tho kind,' I anowercd. I still hold hia knifo, and tbero wao a moment 1 when I folt glad I bad it. Tho man wao a coward, but a coward in a cornor io an awk ward thing. I had tho knifo, however, and did not quail. 'Nothing of tho kind, you tbiof!' 1 thundered. 11 1 ohall bo moro likely to givo you to tho polioo unlcoo you toll mo thia moment tho wholo truth.' A knook camo to tho door. ' You will not go,' he mutterod, ''Most certainly I ohall,' I returned; and passing through tho hall oponed tho door. A man stopped quiokly in and romovodhio bat. Ho wno tho man who called to oanvao for tho dircotory. 'You aro Mr. Williamo?' ho oaid with a stoody look at me. ' I om norry to drop in at a queer hoar, but buoineoa io buoineoa,and mino io unpleasant,' 'Porhanayou w(ll explain what lb io,' I replied. 7 Ihad an unoaoy presentiment of tho truth; andouroly onoughhe answered: ' I am a deteotive, Mr Williams. You havo tho prccGodo of a jewel robbery hero, and it io my duty to warn you that everything yoa oay will bo givon as ovidenco against you,' 'That 1 oay!'' I cried. 0 Against mo 1 Mo? You aro forgetting yourself, man?' Good heavens thia was too absurd I And yot— and yet my right band hidden in my pooket wao clasping tho jewels — waa full of tho otolon property 1 No v/ondor that I grew hot all ovor 1 ' Bettor tako it easy, sir, I havo not boon looking in at that window yonder a dozon timeo a day for nothing. When I saw that Jim'o plant — Jim in ray pal, who did thati bit of painting insido tbero, aud oearohed tho room too whon ho was Qleaning tho window — when I saw you oomc down with a light, and your man all of a heap upon the floor, I thought it a good time to drop in. And now, if you will hand over tho stones comfortably and quietly, wby it ia likely that it will bo bitter for both of you.' A groan proceeding from tho opon door of tho oonoulting room proved that Gait was listening, For myself, anger and perplexity drew me asunder. I met tho deteotiva's cun ning oyeo, and olenched my fist. I folt tho jewels between ^y tingeru, and' turnod Biok with terror. 11 Is tho servant in there ?' asked tho man pointing over his shoulder. I nodded assent. Ilo made a siqn that I should go in first, and I obeyed, though tho blood flew to my face, nnd I felt as if the prison warder's hand already oast its shadows upon mo. Gait still oat huddled up in his chair, and as I took my piaco DCQiae mm me acteotive eyca us betn with a contompt he did not try to conpeal* 'A pretty pairyou are I Tho idea of BUoh ao you trying on this gamol Why, it is enough to mako a dog laugh 1' And laugh ho did. How I hMqfl him for his vulgar triumph 1 ' ' ' 'Look hero' I'eaid; 'you will behave yourself properly while you are in my house, my man. You know as well as 1 do that I am no thief,' ' You have got tho plunder,' ho said, be coming grave again. 44 And you and your acoomplioo have it hidden away somowhere for tho past fortnight. It will bo for you and him to say how it was come by.' Gait looked up, tbo picture of wretohed neoo, i *' I foqnd }t In {ho lottec-bo? ono morning,' ; ho nattered, 'Tho robbery in bond street^ was in tho papers tho same morning.' Tho dcteotivo nodded sagely. 41 1 thought oo,' ho nnawerod, ' The burg- ; lars wero chased. Ono was taken a few : yards from here. We found nothing upon i him, but ho owned up that ho had dropped ' aomo of tho plunder through tho lotter slit of a houeo a few doors away. I spotted this house, ^.ud now it will bo oiily 'a question of receiving gondo knowing':tbem to have been stolen. 1 darcsay'that if tbo things are restored at onco that no charge will to made.'. 41 Hero io tho jewellery, 11 1 replied haotily, -' I only dinoovfcred its prooonoo in tho houBQ q few minutes ogo. 'And your Borvant ?' ho aoked, ao ho anatohed at tho jewels. Tho beads of perspiration wero Btanding on Gait's brow. Ho had boeq an honest man beforo tha dlecovory pf that mass of bril liants in the letter-box had corrupted him. I am quite sure ho will toll the truth,' J said. ' I will answor for hia appearance. Po yoq not ftink yoq could manage mat tors?' 44 i think I oould,' ho answered slowly. ' I think I could square it, and do no wrong to anyono— for a consideration, sir.' I made a bargain with tho ofiiaer. He was to havo twenty pounds, and to let it be in ferred that Qalt voluntarily oamo to him with tho stolcu propetty. 44 Wait for mo in tho hall,' I oaid, taking a oandlo from tho tablo ; 41 X must fetch the money from my bedroom.' Gait and the doteotivo were standing to gether in the hall, looking at one anotbor as ill-tempered dogolook. ** Horo io your money,' I said. ' Now be oaroful tbat you fulfil your part of the bar gain,' Ho put the notos in bis pocket. 'You will hear no more of it,' he raid, emphatioaily. Gait muttered his gratitudo, whilo I pat a Etop to his tffu.qiv? thankfulness, 44 Go to bed,' i said, bruequely, ' and do not feel too sure that he will keep Irs word.' But our midnight visitor did keep to the letter. We have not einco heard of him, or of the jewels. As day after day passed, and still no paragraph appeared in the news papers, no summoos arrived in Grosvonor street, the truth began 10 dawn upou me. I made oautious inquiries in Scotland Yard, and learned that two men had been convioted of the robbery, but tho diamonds had never been found, and their disappearance h&vo; be* como a standing mystery. 44 Thero are more of the gang about,' said tbo inspector, '? Wo have our eyes upon two Irishmen, but wo can pro^enothing ; and wa cannot seo how the men who were in it could have passed tho plunder to them.' I can see very well how it was done— very well, and how any littlo expensos attending tho prooess wero paid; but 1 am 6hy and noivouc1, I blu-h, it is tme, ai I pass a cer tain golJenuth'd shop in £uud street, but X keep my own oouucel Qo docs Uftli. 