VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. PASTORAL LETTER To THE CLERGY AND LAITY OF THE ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. FOR LENT, 1893. DEARLY BELOVED IN CHRIST, There is a passage in the eighteenth chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke which seems very appropriate to our present purpose. It is the same passage which you will read, or which will be read for you, as the Gospel for Quinquagesima Sunday. It represents to us our Blessed Saviour approaching Jericho on His way to Jerusalem, where He was about to suffer and die for the salvation of the world. As He passed along, a blind man sat by the wayside begging. Learning from some of the multitude who accompanied our Lord that Jesus was nigh, the blind man cried out, with all the earnestness and energy •which misery gives to the cry of the afflicted, " Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me." Some of those who went before the Saviour rebuked the blind man and bade him hold his peace. But he, heedless of their censure, only cried but the more earnestly, "Son of David, have mercy on me." Then Jesus commanded the blind man to be brought to Him, and asked him, " What wilt thou that I do to thee ?" And he answered— and in his answer was contained a splendid confession of faith— "Lord, that I may see." His faith was abundantly rewarded, for Christ said to him, " Receive thy •, th y fa 'th h ath made thee •whole," and his sight was instantly restored to him, and be joined the wondering crowd adoring and glorifying God. Now, dearly beloved, once again during the sacred days of Lent the Church represents to us our Blessed Saviour on His way to Jerusalem. The incidents cf that journey are proposed for our consideration during the early days of Lent, and the object of that journey—the passion and death of OUT Saviour—is the divine catas- trophe on tvhich our thoughts are to be set during the closing weeks of the penitential season. We ourselves are represented by the blind man who sat by the wayside. Happy shall we be if, like him, we acknowledge our blindness and our misery, and if, when we feel that Jesus is near, we cry out, with the faith and fervour of the blind man, "Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me." •The spiritual counterpart of the ihiracle wrought in his favour will Jbe repeated, and the mental blindness from which we suffer in thinking so much of the temporal, and so little of the eternal—so much of the body, and so little of the soul — so much of the pleasures of earth, and so little of the pains of hell, or of the joys of Heaven, will be cured by the power and mercy of the Son of David. But as those who went before the Saviour on His way to Jerusalem rebuked the blind man and bade him hold his peace, so, too, many who, in modern times, outrun Jesus in His doctrine and in His precepts, censure our cry for mercy during the penitential season of Lent as likely to displease Him by its importunity or its inopportuneness. Fasting and abstinence, they say, suited the Old Dispensation, which was a law of servitude, and recognised a distinction between clean and unclean meats. But it is not compatible with the liberty of the New Law, nor conformable to the vision abolishing all distinction of meats vouchsafed to the Prince of the Apostles. In the New Law, too, they tell us it is expressly declared that it is not what enters the body, but what proceeds from the heart, that "defileth a man," and hence no obligatory restriction regarding the quality or quantity (of food should be imposed. Such, dearly beloved, are some of the sophisms by which those who haye gone beyond Christ and His Church justify their disregard of the observance of Lent. If, as is admitted, fasting and abstinence were practised and commanded under the Old Law as a powerful means of expiating sin, restraining the inordinate inclinations of the human heart, and regaining the friendship of God, surely, while the nature of sin and the natural inclinations of the heart remain unchanged, the same means once ordained by God cannot have lost their efficacy in the New Dispensation. Nay, as sin is more grievous now in proportion to the fuller knowledge and more gracious aids given to men in the New Law, there exists a greater necessity at present than in former times for doing violence to our corrupt inclinations, and for expiating 6in by the mortification of the senses. But, dearly beloved, is it true, as seems to be taken for granted, that fasting and abstinence are alien to the spirit of the New Law ? If so, for what purpose did the Founder of the Christian Dispensation prepare Himself for the promulgation of His Law by a rigorous fast of forty days? For what purpose did He declare that fasting, when performed with proper dispositions, would receive from His Heavenly Father a special reward — "When thou fastest, anoint thy head, and wash thy face: that thou appear not to men to fast, but to thy Father who is in secret: and thy Father who seeth in secret will repay thee." (Mat. vi., 17.18.) For what purpose did He declare that there are some enemies of man's salvation so powerful that they can be overcome only by prayer and fasting? "And he said to them: this kind (of unclean spirit) "HP by the Christian community as well as by the Jews and the followers of St. John the Baptist, for what purpose did Christ foretell that, though while He, the bridegroom, was celebrating His nuptials with the Church, His disciples were not required to fast, still, the days would come when the bridegroom should be taken away from them, andj then they would fast. (Mat. ix., 15.) If fasting does not belong to the Christian Dispensation, why is it that we find the Apostles, after the Ascension of Christ, having recourse to it as a special means of obtaining the guidance of the Holy Spirit in selecting the future pastors of the Church, and as a special preparation for conferring on these pastors the powers of the priesthood and the jurisdiction of the apostolate ? " And as they were ministering to the Lord and fasting, the Holy Ghost said to them: Separate me Saul and Barnabas for the work whereunto I have taken them. Then they, fasting and praying and imposing their hands upon them, sent them away." (Acts xiii., 2-3.) Or why, above all, is it that, from the apostolic age down to the time of the Reformation, the Fast of Lent was rigorously observed in every part of the Christian Church, east and west, orthodox and separated ? But the great revolt of the sixteenth century changed both the doctrine and the practice of the Church of Christ amongst its adherents in two essential respects. First, it substituted for the principle of unity established by Christ— namely, the authority of His Church —the protean principle of private judgment; and, secondly, it discredited and discarded good works in favour of the fallacious system of imputative justification. From these two errors have sprung those lamentable religious divisions, and multiplications of sects, which are at once a scandal and a menace to Christianity, and that neglect of int^rfoc. mortification whi^h"sar4-of~th©^vfery'' essence of the -/Christian • selfdiscipline. • i "|'-J'••!'•• v^' •'• The Catholic- Church, dearly be-' loved, adheres to-„the ancrent pria-' ciples, and to the ^ancient practice, of the Church of Christ. She stands unmoved amidst the constant changes and contradictions and divisions which are taking place around her. She commands selfdenial and mortification of the body, not as an independent source of sanctification, but, like all other good works, as an efficacious means of applying to our souls the superabundant satisfaction for sin offered by Christ to His Eternal Father on the Cross. Let us therefore, dearly beloved, be faithful to the fast and abstinence prescribed during the time of Lent. The fast—which regards the quantity of food allowed—is obligatory on all who are over twenty-one and under sixty years of age, and who are not exempted by reason of hard labour or of delicate health. The abstinence, which regards the kind or quality of food allowed, is obligatory on all who have come to the use of reason, and who are not exempted by reason of sickness, or who are not legitimately dispensed. In cases of doubt a dispensation should be obtained, but it should be borne in mind that a dispensation granted without sufficient cause is invalid. To the observance of the Lenten fast join, dearly beloved, prayer, which is the mystic ladder reaching from earth to heaven, on -which the petitions of men are daily and hourly borne up to God, and the angels are ever descending with God's gifts to men. Prayer said in common, such as the Rosary, is specially suited to this holy season, and serves to sanctify family life, and to consecrate family worship, During the Lent will lie celebrated the episcopal Jubilee of our Holy Father, Leo Xfll. You will not fail to pray earnestly for him and for the wants of the Church. Addresses will be presented to him on the auspicious occasion On the part of the Bishops and Clergy of Australasia, and on behalf of the young men, and of the members of the Hibernian - Australasian Catholic Benefit Society. The members of the Catholic Young Men's Society in and around Melbourne have signified their intention of receiving communion in a body on Sunday, 19th February, the day fixed for the formal celebration of the Jubilee. This praiseworthy mode of celebrating the festival will, we feel confident, be observed by other religious bodies and societies in the Archdiocese. Join alSd, dearly beloved, to your fast and abstinence, almsgiving. The Lenten dispensations are now much more extensive than in former times. Those who use them should be mindful of the duty of substituting one good work for another. Objects for the benevolence of the faithful are surely not wanting. Even during this summer season there is a wide-spread want of employment, on account of which many sober and industrious men are left without any decent means of support for themselves or their families. The religious organisations through which charity may be dispensed, are the safest channels for conveying the alms of the faithful to the deserving poor. The different branches of the Society of St. Vincent de Paul, the Ladies' Association of Charity, the Sisters of Mercy and of Charity, the Little Sisters of the Poor, and the Sisters of St. Joseph, are doing admirable work in relieving the wants of the poor, and are entitled to generous support on the part of the charitable public. The substantial progress made towards the completion of St. Patrick's Cathedral during the last twelve months is in itself a powerful appeal for continued aid to the Building Fund. Already the finished outlines of the majestic building are coming out one by one, revealing the grace and grandeur of the completed structure. The exertions of the Rev. R. P. Collins, who is engaged in collecting funds, are for the present directed to the country districts of the Archdiocese. It is due to the people of the rural parishes to say that their liberality promises to rival the splendid generosity of the city and suburban population. I have already stated, and I now repeat my desire that the Cathedral should be a testimony of faith and piety on the part of every Catholic in the Archdiocese. Let no one who admires the external beauty of the building, and praises the progress made, withhold that practical support which will be much needed during the current year to keep pace with the large expenditure rendered necessary by the terms of the contract. The time is rapidly approaching when the sacrifices and labours of thirty years will be crowned in the solemn opening and consecration of a Cathedral which, for massive proportions and graceful outlines, will bear comparison with some of the great old cathedrals which in other lands are the glory of the Catholic Church. Finally, dearly beloved, bear in mind that in supporting the Catholic schools you are not only providing for your children an excellent literary and scientific and religious education, but you are also acting as standard-bearers for Christ, and for Christian faith and morality. Wherever religious instruction has been suppressed in the schools, as in Franco, the tide of infidelity and of immorality has inundated the land. A distinguished Protestant dignitary, speaking within the last few months in a neighbouring colony, bears testimony to the truth of this statement. After quoting the strong language recently used y the present Anglican Bishop of Manchester, Dr. Moorhouse, regarding the baneful effects of the secular system of education on the morals of the youth of Victoria, he continues:—" Another note of warning came from Paris, where the Government has steadily eliminated Church teaching from the common schools. A clergyman who had been of late chaplain in the French capital said that Protestants were at first overjoyed at the abatement of the priest's influence. Now, they all agreed that the results of the measure were deplorable. An. official report, addressed, in 1888, by inspectors of workshops and factories in Paris to the Prefect of the, {Seine, contains the following:—«We have noticed with pain the lack of moral instruction in the juvenile employes. Although they have attended Cours de morale [an improved version of Hackwood] in the schools they have left, they show no trace of it. It proves that the instruction is given in a most imperfect manner. It is an unpleasant duty to report that, for want of moral education, the children are losing all notions of respect and duty, and becoming addicted to bad language and obscene expressions. Their misconduct in the public streets is often scandalous. Everyone is complaining, and many employers will no longer engage apprentices on account of the trouble they cause. It is high time to put a stop to these moral disasters.' " He further stated that there had been a rapid multiplication of juvenile crimes within the last decade. The houses of correction were gorged with boys and girls. There was a proposal for pulling down the Paris gaol for young criminals, in order to erect a larger establishment in its place. M. Guillot, one of the best known French judges, called public attention, in 1889, to the fact that the increase of juvenile crime was beyond doubt coincident with the changes introduced into the public instruction." If a Catholic dignitary had spoken so plainly and so emphatically, his language would be at once denounced as highly exaggerated and as grossly unfair towards the secular State system of education. In reply to the misleading statement that the remedy lay with the churches and their Sunday schools, the same Protestant dignitary aptly remarks:—" But what if the rising generation, bred under the secular system, lost interest in Sunday schools, and, when their turn came, cared nothing about sending their children to them ? That this might follow was evident if what the Bishop [of Manchester] further stated were true—that in 1883, in Victoria, 71 £ per cent, of the children of school age attended the Sunday schools, while in 1890 the attendance was only 39 per cent. The parents didn't care, and was it likely the children would be anxious to go? Surely that was a point to think on. Besides, Sunday school teaching alone made no impression on the habitual thoughts and feelings of the children, and they soon shook it off and forgot it, unless they were very well disposed or careful!y taught at home," or, above all, it might have been added, unless religious knowledge were impressed on their minds from day to day as part of the ordinary school work. Such, dearly beloved, is the system of education which you are 'compelled to support, and by which such of your children as are receiving it, through the fault of their parents, arc becoming rapidly demoralised. The Catholic children so trained, or rather so defrauded of all religious knowledge and religious principle in school, afterwards avenge the injury done to them, on their parents and on society, and are then maliciously and inconsistently exhibited in the public Press as the opprobrium of the Catholic Church. May God open the eyes of Catholic parents to the cruel wrong they do their children by placing them under the corroding influence of a secular system of education, and may He give true wisdom to our rulers and make them see that it is righteousness, and not material wealth nor secular knowledge alone, that exalteth a nation. "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all," dearly beloved, and prepare you for the worthy celebration of the Feast of the Resurrection of our Lord. * THOMAS JOSEPH, ARCHBISHOP OF MELBOURNE. St. Patrick's Cathedral, February, 1893. REGULATIONS FOE LBNT, 1893. I. The faithful are not bound by any lav of fast or abstinence on the Sundays daring lent. II. The use of meat is allowed at the principal meal on all week days, except Wednesdays, Fridays, the Saturday in Ember Week, and the Monday in Holy Week. III. On fast days a little butter may be used at the morning or evening collation, except on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. IV. At dinner eggs, cheese, butter, lard, or dripping may be used on all days, except Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. V. St. Patrick's Day is exempted from the law of fasting, but, as it falls on Friday this year, not from the law of abstinence from meat. VI. The parochial clergy and confessors are empowered to grant dispensations in cases of doubt according to the circumstances of each case. VII. The faithful are earnestly exhorted to comply with the precept of Paschal Communion during Lent, or at least within the time allowed—that is, to the Octave Day of the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul, inclusive. VIII. Family devotions, including the Rosary, are specially recommended during the time of Lent. IX. Lenten devotions, including Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament on two evenings each week, will be held every evening in the principal churohef each mission. /v V.!'' ! ' ' \+ TH^ios Josisi>flr-".i Archbishop of Melbourne." . February, 1893. i DAT OF DEVPTIOW. Friday next, being the Feast of St. Matthias|the Apostle, will be observed as a day of devotion. ASH WEDNESDAY. The solemnities of the Lenten season were commenced on Wednesday last in all the chnrehes of the archdiocese. At the early morning Masses the ashes were blessed and distributed amongst the faithful at the conclusion of each Mass. Large congregations were present in the various city and suburban churches. The evening devotions for Lent will be observed each evening at 7.30 p.m., consisting of Rosary, sermon, and on stated evenings Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. On Friday evenings the devotion of the Stations of the Cross will be held. EPISCOPAL JUBILEE OF HIS HOLINES POPE LEO XIII. On Sunday next the universal Church will celebrate with becoming ceremony the fiftietu anniversary of the episcopate of our Holy Father, Leo Xlll. In newly all the churches of the archdiocese the event will be commemorated in some form, and the various Catholic Young Men's Societies, the Hibernian Society, and all the religions confraternities and sodalities attaohed to the various churches will on Sundajr morning approach Holy Communion, which will be offered up for the spiritual and temporal welfare of the Holy Father. This spontaoeoui tribute of affection to the august pontiff will, we are sure, be most acceptable to him, and will afford a splendid evidence of the living piety and caal of bis devoted children in this colony. It i« also intended to hold a special meetingin the Hibernian Hall on Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock p.m., at which large numbers of the eleny and laity are expected to be present Tbe object of the meeting is to tender the congratulations of the Catholics of tbe arohdiooete to hie Holiness on this auspicious occasion. Tbe Hibernian Society, tbe Young Men's Society, and other Catholic bodies have been invited, and addreeaes will be delivered by leading members of the deny and laity, who Save aifuiaed their tntenttoc of taking part In the nmmoay. «r. CUSIOK'C aoDiurr or M a/ROC. Tbe Sodality of the B.V.IC. hsld its firvt meeting for this year at St. Patrick's Oolieff* on Friday, 10th inst Then mi a vsry fair sUendtnoe of members. The customary devotions were held in the Archbishop's chapel, at the conclusion of which the newly appointed spiritual director, the Rev. Fr. Hearn, delivered a lengthy and practical discourse, in which he referred to the many privileges conferred by membership of the sodality. The rev. gentleman glanced at the rules in brief detail, and Strongly urged upon members the necessity for their implicit observance, and particularly in the matter of regular and punctual attendance at the meetings, Fr. Hearn declared that nothing pleased him more since his arrival in the colony than the knowledge that a branch of this excellent sodality had been established at St. Patrick's. He trusted that the members would heartily co-operate with him in sustaining the interest in the sodality which members had evinced up to the present, and he looked forward to a large and steady increase of membership in the near future. HAWTHOSN CHILDBEN OF MABY. The annual picnic of the Hawthorn Children of Mary took place at Surrey Hills on Wednesday, 8th inst. Following the usual custom, the young ladies of the sodality entertained the destitute children of St. Joseph's Home, under the care of the good sisters of St. Joseph. The little ones were plentifully regaled with all the good things which rejoice the juvenile heart, and seemed to thoroughly enjoy the day's outing. Notwithstanding the intense heat, the picnic was a great success. The pleasure of being able to brighten the lives of these most helpless of God's creatures \ for even one day afforded the deepest gratification to the Children of Mary. Their respected spiritual director, Rev. P. O'Flion, S.J., was present daring the afternoon, accompanied by Rev. J. O'Malley, S.J., and Rev. M. O'Brien, S.J. When all had been liberally entertained with creature comforts an adjournment was made to the schoolroom of the home, where Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given by Fr. O'Flinn. CHCBCH OF THE IMMACULATE CONCEP- TION, HAWTHOBN. Great preparations have been made to celebrate in this church in the most solemn manner possible the Episcopal Jubilee of our Most Holy Father, Pope Leo XIII. In the porch are photographs of the famous mosaics running round the basilica of St. Paul fuori le jnura, and representing all the Popes, rrom St. Peter to Leo XIII. Leo is the 263rd. There are in the chancel two tastefully-wrought satin bannerettes of 'white and yellow (the Papal colours). JOne bears the tiara and the legend, "Lumen in ccela" ("Light in Heaven"); the other, the Pope's coatof arms and the legend, " Vicit Leo de trihu Juda" (" The lion of the fold of Juda has conquered "). In the coat of arms is seen a small star, " the light in Heaven." Over the door of the eastern transept is a fine bust of his Holiness. The Mass will be Haydn's Imperial; and inthe evening will be given, probably for the first time south of the line, the magnificent Laudato of the famous Maestro Capocci, choirmaster of St. John Lateran's, Rome. No description could give any adequate idea of its beauty, but an outline of the plan will interest. In a solo of singular majesty a tenor voice (Mr. Jordan) calls on children to " praise the Lord." In compliance with this summons the sopranos S and altos, sometimes by themselves, and sometimes in conjunction with the tenor, sing the psalm. Only at tbe end are the basses heard, and then only for a few bars. Deprived of so powerful an aid to choral music, the skill of Capocci is all the more striking. There is a strong desire (and justly) for a reform in church mntic, and we believe Capocci has pointed out the true direction in which to seek it. Some, in their over-eagerness for reform, would have ns go back to the musie of St. Gregory the Great But static was then in its infancy, and, like other arts and sciences, had to attain to maturity by experiment and discovery. Nearly a thousand years after St. Gregory, it made a vast stride under Palestrina, and Pope Marcel! ns ap. plauded the genius of the maestro; and so will all Popes ever applaud true progress in every art and science. There are abuses in muiio, as in sculpture and painting and poetry { and it is abuse, not excellence, that should be condemned. We reverence the venerable painting* of the Catacombs; but would we have our painter* of the present day go back to these ancient pictures to form their style F As St. Oregon about the ir 600 improved the music of K day as far as the means at his disposal allowed him, to wonld he assuredly welcome any farther improvement (bat modem skill could effect, and he would have bestowed on Oapoeei the same praise that Pius IX. did. This Lamdat* teaches the important lesson that cfanreh music ean be very florid, veiy tuneful, very harmonious, without ever ceasing to be devotional, just as a painting may be a masterpiece without being unsuited to the walls of St. Peter's. Miss Minnie Waugh and Mr. Barker, though not belonging to the choir, will kindly give their services. Miss Waugh, though only in her nineteenth year, possesses a highly-trained soprano voice of great range and sweetness ; and Mr. Barker, though only twenty, is & basso profundo able to take low C. Both are pupils of Mr. Lamble, and reflect great credit on his training. 