WHALE Fl Sill HG IN THE SOUTH SEAS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-Referring to a letter on the above subject which appeared in youriRsueof this day from Mr. Thos. MOST, I beg to state that my recollections of this country carry me back to the time when while fishing was actively pursued. In addition to the many colonial vessels this port was visited by ships from other countries, especially from America. On Atimvoranrj Day the great event was the whaleboat race between the crews of the various ships I always understood that the decline of this industry commented ii about the time of the gold dis- out period, when all able-bodied men flocked to the various goldfields, and so caused a difficulty in on tainui;; competent crews for the shins I Sept. 18. I am, c, JOHN g MANN. If there is one thing in nature more beautiful than another it is (says the Pall Mall Gazette the system of compensation which prevails. Lazarus who drank no same all the days of his life, has the subsequent satisfaction of seeing Dives crav- ing for water. The fierce excitement of swindling is followed by a state of quiescence more uneventful and monotonous than life in a London suburb Even in the case or the present and the prayed upon the position is reversed somewhere to make the balance even. As the anchor pet of this relationship, take the case of the spider and the fly over ninety nine hundredths of the globe the spider paper a upon the fly , but in Ceylon there is a By which press upon the service, and the brutality of the operation goes a long way to make it aga equal Ihoiclueum n Hy IB a green, wraps so insect, which being in the family way, builds a dainty bower of clay and goes out hunting for Bpidcra On finding a victim it scientifically m needs a dose of poison sufficient to paralyse without ailing It then bears the off and plasters him with many others of his kind sim finely treated, on to the walls of the nest line carefully deposit- ing an egg in each body it BOIIIB up this ghost tomb of the living and goes off to build another and begin again When *' eggs are hatched in filthy little nugget emerges, SS finds itself, as a writer in a scientific contemporary 1 use it inside a murder of fresh meat the st idea being still alive On this it subsists till the chrysalis stage puts an 01 d to the horrid tragedy), after which a new ichneumon 11) emerges radiant to carry on the traditions of its race with round to Bindi ra, and help them to fulfil the destiny for which they were I created, 