0Ev _ NEWS. * 'This couutr is ng from a trying period, ant co A the duty of the creators of bli pi ion to in spire more confidence, a fbh hope. Albury, Wednesday.-A number of Chinese are waiting their opportunity to cross the river, and additional police have'been called in from out stations to maintain a constant patrol of the river bank. A re ort same to hand to-day that the ''re 200 Chinese camped in the nei ur d of Web. gunyab, looking chance to The advantages of corrugated iron hospitals are so numerous that nofewer than 73 towns in England have been supplied with them during the past few years. A corrugated iron hospital of medium size can be comploted in seven days, including the layer of conerete that forms the foundation when the coil is any other than gravel. Some little time ago a point was raised by the Wilcannia Council as to the necessity of keepers of goats being registered under the Dairies' Supervi eion Act. The B ardo f health having submitted the question to the Crown law officers, the followinn opiniog was given :-' That any person who keeps a dairy entirely of goats, or any vendors of goat's milk, are required to be re gistered under the Act." This opinion is being sent to all the borough coun cils, so that they may take the necessary action. The famous "X iama Ghost" had a worthy succoesor a few months ago. One stormy night a resident of that lacteal towiaship had oooasion to go into the yard for some purpose or other, and seeing what he supposed to be a ghost iti the corner he groped his way towards it, When he touohed it the animal (fur it was an old white horse that had somehdw got in) landed him a kick thai 'luckily did not oatch him with full force.-Nowra Coloniet. The Victorian Footbal. Association adopt no half measures in meting out punishment to players under their junediction who show any ruffianism in matches, or whoiu any way annoy the umipires. At a meeting of that body the other evening two were reported by the umpire fof rough play and fighting in the field. One of them, named Smith, was disqualified for the remainder of the season, and the other, named Jeffries, was disqualified for 4 weeks. Worse than Makln.-Sickening reve lations have been made in connection with the discovery of a baby farm at Warasdin, AusCria. Children were purposely crippled iln- order to aooom pany professional beggars,. Horible implements of torture wore found on the premises. Two children were discovered with their lege broken, and others with their eyes gouged out. Another was doubled up between tightly screwed boards,. A Russian woman who has died in New York has reached the extra ordinary ago of 124, after a, life of strange vieeiesitudes. When a young girl ehe went to St. Peteleburg, dtid was employed as governess in a noble family. The eldest eon falling' in love with her, she was sent to Nijoi-Nov gorod, where she married at 88 years of age a Government clerk, who was sub sequently banished to Siberia, and left her four daughters. One of these is now 82 years of age, and hereelt has a daughter who is a middle-aged woman with a large family, 