movelist. The kajaii's Vengeance. ' ? — -?—+»»»+ ? I , ., -?? A STORY OF INDIA. ? --L. ? ? ; By FREDERICK Mr - D E Y; ^ ? ; ? ? ? — - ? ? ? CHAPTER XIV.- -Continued. When you are dead; Simtha !!1 cried. ?' ? 'Ay, sahib, for ^1' most die some tune ; and sow i that my work is done, I feel that it will not be very long before I leave you. Narha is'happy,you are happy, and. in^that happiness tbathas come to you b)th 1 biavo found poriect content, absolute rest.* .r.,r-.. *?? .v At last^hc'Vorst of our'jouniey was over. We rcached the coast and embarked for bomei.Ihttsi* tated at first about returning' to 'my nativo land, because of tno criminal charge that was hanging oTernier ;* bat' S imrhk'a « atclif ul carc had foreseen that also, and I knew for tho first timo that, al though tho real murderer had never been found, the authorities had been satisfied of bis guilt and m; entire innocence, and that I could return with out ft&r.; . Bat th'o story of tho murder— tho strange way iti wbich the -signatures of Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurley h*d been procured— tho strange and inex plicable incidents through .which 1 -had passed were not mado clear to me. The explanation came at last, however, when 1 opened the envelope given me by Simrha andread what it contained. It told the story of a strange )if«!t full of stern resolve aud loving devotion. 1 will re-tell it. ^ ; ' ' CHAPTER XV. __ ? ? ,T^E^8X0aY-0F-8IJiniU.- -v — ? The words which my noble friend Simrha sp- k » -o me just before wo left.?India for America 'wer^ true; his presentiment wasTrealised, and 'from .the timo wo embarked -he began . to lose that wonderful strength and energy vwhich were his elm f characteristics. It was in vain that Nurha and I endeayoured to arouse him from the increasing lethargy. He would smile sadly, and say : ' I: is not beat to bid me stay, when 1 am called k0 8°-' ':f- V: II- kept us near him constantly, never tiring of seeing ns togethety never weary of gazing on our perfect happiness, ..but ho grieir steadily weaker an j weaker. The ship's doctor, whom I insisted upo^calling to his side, shook his head and told us that thero was nothiug the mat^er7^that tho ' weakness and ? lethargy would pass-.away^re long and leavo him \- without a sign. v Ay, and so they d(d, fori ono evening whon wo were in the middle ot the ocean, aa -Kasha and I assisted him to his stato'room;* he bado us enter with bim. ?Nurha,' ho said, when wo wero inside and the door was closed behind us, ' wo aro parting for tho last time. I shall sleep to night never to wake ngain in this world. The days of my life, though not many, havo been fulfilled^ and in bringing happiness to you I havo crowned them with perfect success. Years ago, when I was but A bov, and you, Nurha, wero a tender babe, I fell upon my knees and prayed with all the fervour and intensity of my naturo. 1 prayed that 1 might bo given knowledge and strength and force of will to accomplish an oath I had taken, and 1 closed my prayor thus : ' When it is done, thon let me die, surrounded by happiness and peace, Child, my prayer was answered. 1 wasgiven tho» knowledge and the strength to carry oat my worlc, and with its accomplishments my life ends. Xt io meet that it should ; I would prefer it so, for even in death I will watch over you continually. Do not mourn for mo ; think of mo as absent, not dead, for we but part for a timo to bo reunited. Kiss me and then leave us, for I havo a word to ?ay to the sahib.' She sank gently upon her knees at his side, and for a moment hurried lier lace in tho pillow against which he was reclining. Then suddenly liUing her bead aa she cried : ? 1 Simrha— Simrba— tell mo who you aro ! Tell mo why 1 lovo you so strangely, ond yet with a new—a different lovo from all else.' ! ' No, child ; no, Nurha— not now. Whenl am » gone the sahib will tell you. Beliovo mo, it io better so/ Sho did not repeat hor requjot, but oho throw her arms' around his neck and kissod him tenderly. Then, rising to hor feet, sho oaid : ?It is hard not to weep ; but you havo told mo not, and I will obey:' and bonding forward yet again, sho pressed her lips to his forehead, and then turned without another word and left us. I 'Sahib, ' said Simrha, when, wo wero alono, ' have you tho sealed envelope I gave you in I bowed in reply, i ? Itis well, for it contains all that you wish to j! . know. Now, come whero X can placo my hands \ ' upon jour head, that you may receive the blossing $ of a dying man? ') j*°~ x bout upon' my knees before him, and he w rested his soh palms upon my forehead fur a mo* w aaentitt;*Uence.- - jfg - 'Arise,' said he then. 1 Return to Nurha and S ' io everlasting light. v Let not Bhadows fall upon g you. Watch over her for whom you have risked | yourlife and liberty. Wearthfi jewel you hare won rv eternally upon your heart. Remember me as a P\ pjicg fri?*4 who lored you bothj forget tbat which to-morrow will bo bailed in tho sea* Adieu, sahib/ ? God bl^ you, Simrha 1* 1 cried chok ingly. ' It is all one— your God and mlno,' ho said, 'lowly j ' and be assured that Ho has 'indeed bleBBod mo. That ho may blesB youand lier.whora yoii lovo shall bo my last prayer. Adieu, sahib, adieu/ | I fell upon my knees beforo him, and I, too, I pressed my lipg to his forehead, then roso and rushed blindly away. On tho morrow wo found him thoro dead, and later in tho day his body was consigned to tho unfathomahlo depths of tho ocean. That night, with Nurha at my cido, 1 broko tho ; seal of the envelope, and read what ho had written there. I will givo it in hi3 own words oxactly on ho ' had written it : I I know, sahib, that my lifo'o work is dono ; I know that the number of my days aro counted nearly to tho end, and I deem it bc3t to tako thio modo of communicating to you rather than hy telling it, and so adding to tho sorrow of tho part ing that must come. 'I am tho first born to Nurha'o mother, and sho was tho noxt and last ; therefore wo aro brothor and sister, although sho haa no luiowlodgo of tho existence of a noar rclativo. 4 What little sho knows about hor family 1 havo ! told her. ?Wo eamo of an accursed raco, according to | the rites of the Hindoo faith, owing to tho mix 1 turo of blood in our voins, and as our mother's | mother was starved to death by tho llajah Nah I manha's father, so my mother grow up to woman hood in constant fear and blighted by nover end ing aversion. Her own kinhatod her, but thoro came ono who loved her, a young princo of a neighbouring state, and tho Rajah was compelled to consent to their union. ' I was the first child born to them, and a con stant guard was kept over mo until I wastwelvo years old, for Nahmanha bad sworn that tho mixture of blood should not ho perpotuated, and many attempts wero mado to oud my frail young life. However, at tho age of .twelvo I was stolon from my mother's side and hurried away to tho mountains, whero I was to bo put to death. But 1 was Hardy and strong and cunning, and 1 suc ceeded in escaping from my captors and eluding them entirely. . ?during two years I was a veritablo wild boy, living in tho mountains, subsisting on such food as 1 could find ; and then, feeling that I would not bo recognised, 1 mado my way to tho Rajah'o palace — tho homo oi my enemy. I do not know what power attracted mo thoro but I went, without fear, and became ono of tho rotainersi and havo continued thero ever since. - ?^Two years lator Nurha wao born, her mother giving up her lifo for hers, and a month later my father wao bitten by a cobra and died, ? Tho Rajah Nahmanha at onco saw tho oppor tunity ho desired, and tho babs, Nurha, was placed, defenceless as sho was, in tho diabolical garden ol poisons. ' It was many months beforo I knew oi it, hut when it did como to my knuwledgo I wont away out into tho mountains whero 1 could find solitude and, falling upon my knees, 1 sworo that 1 would devotomy lifo to Nurha— to tho work of freeing her from tlio terrible thraldom ol tho poisons — that every energy of my being should bo utilised for hor sake — She waa tho only ono left of my familj, and 1 sworo that 1 would ono day see her in tho enjoymontof happiness. That day has como at ?last 1 ?I worked and studied with- all my strength and mind. In my youthful ardour X undertook to mastor all tho sources of knowledgo, deter mined at least to know all that the Rajah Nah manha knew. 'Erelong X attracted his attention, and ho taught mo much that I could not havo learned O.iewhero, ond gave mo tho privilego of his library which was very cxtcnBivo and complote. 1 studied flowers ond borticulturo genorally, and surrepti iously obtained many of. tbo Rajah's notes, mado while ho was creating tho Princess's Garden. X used to glovo my hands and cut slips from many of the poison plants, and carry thom away with mo to tho mountains, whero I had resolved to raiao a garden whero- some day I could tako Nurha whenl Bhould havo stolen her. ' My knowledgo of tho Rajah'o science bccamo very great — greater than hio own, though ho nover suspected it. But ho found that I had a quick mind, and ho taught mo many of tho occult mys teries of which ho was ma3tor, and, I, myself, unaided by any ono, discovered a powder, lighter than gas, which, when suddenly blown into tho air whon no brcezo was stirring, formed itself into an impenetrable veil impossiblo to seo through, and thereforo rendering a person bohind it in visiole. It will float for a long timo, but gradu ally absorbs oxygon, and settles down until tho way is onco moro open. It has served mo well many times, haviug caved mo from discovery by thoRijah ofton. It onabled mo to eludo tho searchers aboard tho steamship ; it enabled mo to seize tho onvclopo from your hand in tho Paris hotel whon you wcro about to break tho seal, and yet eccapo dotoction by tho person who brought it to you. Had you opened that envelope you would havo been blinded for over by tho powder which would havo flown into your eyes from it ; it finally enabled us to escape tho horde of the Rajah's followers, concealing us whilo thoy. dashed onward through thb roountuin pais. ? 'Among tho arts of which 1 becorao master was that of mesmerism, so called— thb power of mind over mind— tho projecting power of tho will, and that also has served mo well, and you, sahib. ' Tho Rajah possessed entiro confidence in me, and I wao entrusted with many secret and delicato missions for him, but nover onco did I allow my self to forgot the oath I had taken— novor onco did I relax that otornal vigilance which X well knew to bo tho price of Nucha's liberty. 'In a moment of unusual confidence he related to mo tho story of Roubcn Ccgswoll and my grand mother, andl then knew for tho first timo why it was that ho had sought to tako my lifo. ' Tho knowledgo. that Rouben Cogswell still lived, and near him others who wcro possessed of this secret— the taint 'of foreign blood in his family— was a continual thorn in tho Rajah o sido, which ho finally rosolvod to plack out and destroy by putting to doath all who shared tho deadly knowledge. 'Since tho timo ot his father, who wao even moro cruol than he, though not so learned, ho bad kept himself woll informed concerning the Americans he hatod, and at last formed tho resolution X havo reforrod to, and ono Dhara and myself wero selected to carry out tho awful work, 1 Dhara waa a cunning, unscrupulous villain possessing enough general knowledgo and educa' tion to make htm dangerous, and ho was, more over, a master-hand nt disguises. It was ho who killed Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurloy, ond who during your entiro Journoy fcom America to India so persistently sought your lifo. 1 know that X could hotter defend you by remaining in tho background and hooping up my intercourse with him. ? When I engaged myself to you as your corvant it was for tho doublo purposo of studying your character further than 1 had tho opportunity of doing.and of persuading you to heed tho warnings you would afterwards receive from me, although Dhara supposed that I would kill you whilo at eca, HQ did think that 1 tried, bat I told him that you woro an adept in tho black arts j (hat' you could foroseo disaster, and so avoid it, and ho finally eamo to beliovo it when tho letter was snatched from your hand by an unseen power in tho Paris hotol, ond ho was turnod into -an imovablo and powerless liviog'statue by tho forco of my will aa ho wan about to plungo his knife into your heart. 'l^rom that timo on ho wa3 afraid of you, and mado no further attempt upon your lifo until ho put tho suako in your blanket in tho camp near Bombay. It was your quick wit saved you then, for though X wa3 near 1 would havo been too lato. But ho wao killed by hia own weapon, for in turning tho snako from tho basket it stung him upon tho wrist. Tho ball that you fired did him no harm ; nevertheless, in half an hour ho was doad. I To roturn, whon tho Rajah told mo that 1 was to set out to America on his dastardly errand I could do nothing but obey. To disoboy would havo meant death for me, and, on tho othor hand, X know that I could never liopo to return to tho palaco of tho Rajah whilo thoso v?hom ho had doomed to death still lived, and that I would havo cut them all down with my own hand had it ! bcon necessary for tho salco of roturning to Nurha I do not deny. But it was not necessary, for | Dhara did tho deed oven sooner than ho had said j ho would. ! 1 You will bo aurpriscd to know that I mado my homo in tho old Cogswell mansion ; that nightly I put you, all unknown to yourself, into a deep 1 mesmeric sleep, and thon roamed at largo over tho houso. I I road all tho papers which Rouben Cogswell had left for you, and thus bccamo as thoroughly acquainted with your purpose as you yourself. I also studied and know your character as well as lay own, and I found it to bo lofty and noble and truo. ' Thon it was that I saw tbo solution of a pro blem which X never before had becu able to solve — tho reclamation - of Nurha from tho poisons which infested her. ? You wero going to India in search of her, ns directed by tho papers which Reuben Cogswell left. That you would lovo her 1 never doubted, and if you could teach her to lovo you in return with tho passion of which I know hor to bo capablo, thon I felt that my battlo would bo won, for, as I havo already oxplainod, tho existenco of perfect sympathy between her and another and stronger person only could effect tho desired result. ' In tho meantimo you wero besotting Primo and Hurloy for thoir signatures to tho documont Cogswell had left behind, and thoy kept. putting you off from timo to time, until finally they gave a promiso to meet you at nine o'clock on a certain evening. ' I was pleased at that, for X greatly desired ! that you should sottlo your affairs and start for India without delay. But in tho meantime Dharo, who was flitting about from placo to placo like an evil spirit, had becomo very restless and impatient at tho dolay, and on tho day you had secured tho promiso from tho two mon ho told mo that ho intonded to kill them that night, or ttvonty-four hours beforo tho timo appointed for your meeting. ? For a moment even 1 was at fault regarding tho best courso to bo pursued under tho circum stances, but. suddenly, when almost in despair^ for J knew that Dhara would fulfil his threat if ho could, an idea struck mo which I resolved to carry out, and it perfectly explains tho seemingly inex. plicablo mystery regarding theirsignatures to tho documont. ' I know that your signature -was as necessary to them as theirs were to you, and that night — | the night beforo thoy woro killed by Dhara — I I put you into a deep mesmeric sleep, as usual, | soon after it had grown dark, and thon, taking j the necessary papers with mo from your pockot, I left you and hurried away to the houso of Aaron ' Prime. ? Fortune favoured mo, for 1 found Jacob Hurley with him, ' Of course thoy did not know me, but 1 repre sented myself as a friend of yours who had just arrived with news which mado it necessary for you to leavo in tho early morning, telling them that you had given me tho papers, and had told me to got thoir signatures to them, or, failing to do so, to destroy thom beforo their eyes, lotting tho money lie in tho bank and rot away, of no use to anyone. ' Thoy hesitated, and I went and held one of the papers over tho lamp, but before it could take firo thoy both consented. If 1 used my powers somewhat to hasten them, it was in a good came, and without their knowledge. At all ovonts, the signatures wero secured and the papers wero exchanged, and X roturned again to the old Cogs well mansion and xoplaced tho document in your pocket. ? On the night following, at the appointed time, you went to tho mill ofilco to mebt them, knowing nothing of what X had dono, it so happening that Dhara had been unablo to put his purpose into oxocution until that evening, so that when you put in an appearanco you found Aaron Prime lying dead upon the floor, and were accordingly in despair. ' When you returned to your homo 1 was fear ful lest you would destroy tho document without looking at it, now that you believed it worthless, and accordingly from tho closot behind the fire placo whero X was wont to conceal myself I exer cised my powor over you, and appearing beforo you, 1 forced you to seo tho face of your old friend, aud so sent you out upon your second journey. ' 1 followed behind you through tho storm and compelled you in imagination to meet the people you sought, transact thd business in duo form, and como away, Although 1 paused long enough to tako tho papers bearing your signature from the two corpses, one of which you did not discover, I reached Cogswell's mansion first. When looking back through the window, after leaving tho office and transacting tho business as you supposed, it was an eft'ort of your own will, as mino was for the inBtant relaxed. ' Tho remainder io no mystery to you. You returned onco moro to tho mill, satisfying yourself that Primo was a corpse, aftorwards making some foolish admissions which brought about your arrest. 'But X wao nblo to releaso you, and went into Boston by tho samo train as yourself, feoling sure that you would tako it. ' Now, sahib, I havo dono. My work is com pleted; ond you, having borno out my judgment of you from tho first, havo rescued Nurha from Nahmanha's power, and have taught her that happiuess and content which passoth all under standing. 4 When you peruso this Simrha will bo no more, but throughout all eternity tho blessing of Simrha will hover liko an angel of mercy and lovo over and around both you and Nurha ) Adieu !' Thus woro oxplainod tho 3trango circumstances which had surroundod mo for many months, and although Simrha's writton linos mado plain tho mystery of that terriblo night of tompest when Piimo and Hurloy wero slain, I could never break entirely looso from tho uucanny feelings which took possession of mo when I thought, in all seriousness, that X had ontcred into a bargain with ghosts. Fair weather took us swiftly on our way over tho spaco that separated us from my native clime, *o in. duo timo vno wero sitting together, Nurha and 1, beforo the blazing log fire, in the fro«.t hall of tho Cogswell maueiou ^ nor great; tender, loving eyes reflected tho noh colours from tho fireplace; My arm *** around lu.r perfect form, and hor queenly head rested on my shoulder. ? ' ? ' Nuihii, my nifo,' X said, with a loving hesi tancy in pronouncing tho now tulo sho bore, 'is thero anything which lifo lacks now to (Ul yeut cup of htippinesB to tbo brim ?' ?Nothing,' sho replied, ? '.nothing— you havo brought mo out from a world of eadueas Into a-, paradiso of constant joy/ Sho roso from the low Ecat at my sido, and Bwung herself round until her (aco 'hung just beneath mine, as it had long ago in tho porch, of tho cottage in tho Princess's Garden, with hor soft arm3 clinging around ray neck. . ^ Slowly, teuderly, lovingly, sho drew my .face . down towards hor, raising hor own to meet it, until our lips wcro melted together by tho hot kiss of purest, passionate lovo. Our cye9 closed, and exquisito ecstasy flsshod J back aud forth from her heart, to roino, and from mino back to here, as our two beings were merged I into ono, and it throbbed and breathed and sighed I in a flood of perfect, delicious, overpowering jcy I and bliss. i And tlius wcro two lives crowned with tho dm' i dem of happinoss. 1 THE END. I 