Parisian Parlance. , '' " October 7;- Thore is no reason why Deputy Lookroy, who may ho rogurded as a lay admiral sinca ho ceased to bo Minister of Commercu and- In dustry, ought not to bo an uuthority on tho compamtivo , valiio of Russian ' niivy, as he olaiitis ; to ' be so rospcoting' tho navies of tho world,- that - of his- own country inoludcd. He does hot -convey: tho impression that tho Muscovites march, is o'er tho ocean wave, or his'homb upon, tho deep. AU Russia' wants, to posseSs 'a ndVy, is' ships. Her woodori walls uro only:flt'for firewood, -but aho is lovelling up to a now ' departure. Liko hor railroads and calendar, her ships, differ from thoBO of ovory other country. M. ' Locliroy forgets that the' possession of ships does ' not make a navy, hut tho hands that man them. It appears that it is with' oruiBers, ' for proying upon trading vessels, that.,- the > maritime istrcngtli of tho Russians .mnst ho considered. As thero oto totpodo boats and torpedo catchers, so thero are , oruisors and eriiiser catchers. As Russia- would 'ho.' rapidly 'shut up in the Baltic, and hlookaded - in - Bludivostook,1 it !b diffioult to percoivo how her cruisers could have other but a short cruise, and her coinmerco blocked by sea- and biased by land,'-.shb could not long ucoept that international "boycott. In tho coming ' war,- -nearer than ever how according to overyono — nionarohs., and . diplomatists es-, coptcd— that' Power - which rules the waves; wtil rule the viotory. Fer nnothor twelyem'ontli young Frano'e has- returned to its treadmill, the colleges and schools havo' re- opened. But tho resumption of studies is not surrounded with the- brutality ; nnd caUansness that characterised . tliat new' dopar-: turo formerly. If piipilshiive not parted with' their maliciousness and tricks at the expense of the. masters, the. tatter hiivo become .-less, poroapiny and. more aympathbtio in dealing with tho raw matcrial of educated manhood. Colleges aro not to-day what theywere in tho timo of Montaigne,' when all was- sharp-tho minds, the teeth, and the hunger. Samo, lyceums, on tho re-'opening of their session, givo sursmit corda fetes for a few" days , before stripping to. work, in order .to arrest tears. and choke off sighs. The entertainments uro limited to private theatricals, concerts, freo lunches, unceremoninl gymnastics, free' inns in tho class 'rooms, or Torqucnrada chumpors, and defiant glances at hlaokbonrds, book shelves, object lessons, and other, inquisitorial paraphernalia.' The" best caterers for curing nostalgia, engage professional. , conjurers — hoys lovo trioks — billiard tablo acrobats, and drawing room funny men. Lectures on the whole duty of hoys, passivo obedience! msthetical studonts, and big gooseberries, do no good. As well march the lads to extra prayers, or to elogunt extraots from.Saudford and Morton. . If tho Russian suilorsscomo out unscathed from the crossfires of the multitudinouB receptions and festivities in. storo for them, they merit to bb decorated with the Order of St. Gcorgo. However, intelligent foreigners cannot help remarking the measured character of the sub scription fists. Tho francs are not eloquent, and tho centimes seem to Buffer from a trophy. Howovcr, it is fair '.to add, that subscribing — save for loans— con hardly be regarded as a Gallia institution./ Nor is there any ovidonco that its taking i:oqt would be desirable. Tho tendency is not to interfere ..with . tho publie treasury, iuid leave the flrianbo:Minister to face each quarter hour of Rabelais as it arises. But wlieu tho fraternal roysterings are - over, will tho. seismic situutipn of Europe he ono iota loss troubled? . . There orb no .loss- than 19 projects already iropnred ' for the proposed JDebut de Steele ex- libition. Thb site for tho moment is tho point in discussion ;- that rannot-bo in-'any immediate- suburb, as, 'tho facilities, for tho, transport of visitors do not exist, nor cannot bo' orca'teid. If only » mild, outside the blvib lfounds!" anil thrit short -distance to bo, reached in. a Pullman corridor train, tho Pariaian out of sheer oussed- neas would oppose tho project. The site must .start from thut umbiblical point, tho Champ do Mars, and lengthen and expand as may bo, planned/ , 011 both sides of. tho river, , taking in that first international for Franco Structure, the Palaco of Industry. Thero ore soino, if for ;no other reason hut originality, would carry the. contemplated buildings across tho ' Scirio on piles, "thus seeurfng broiidtli and 'diminishing comot-tail length. Prchistorio innn lived on piles, as in some of the Swiss lakes can ho seen tho compound households of other days, in tlio wavo beneath the visitor, sliinhig. Kindred spcoimous of early Irish HotnoRulo can he seen onLoughNoagh'sbaiikswhen tlio cloar cold ovo is deeltning. The plan of an' exhibi tion 011 stilts may becomo a necessity, as a new railway terminus is in course of construction in tho very contre of the ganglioriio extensions. A murder has just been committed in the Rue' Bouohardori,"a lending by-stroct, that 1ms set nil . the psvoliic, as well as tho .polico a)ithorities, to discover tho motive. Tho lattor proceed on- tho old lines — trusting/for the open sesnrao to turn lip. The formor us usual explain tho unknown hy tho incomprehcnsiblo Daly is 28 years of ago, a foroman in-a printiug office, nnd earning 300 frunos a month. His wifo is 20- years of ago, earned 210 francs monthly in making cravats for an export house. Theyliuvopno child, u baby six months old. Thoir apartment Was exeoptionally snug, and a model of tnsto in fitting up. Tlio couple wcro very happy. - No breath of Rcandal had over-touched them, and gossip dabbed them tho turtle doves. - Five o'oloclc a few evenings ago was the last tiirio' the wife was seen nlivo. She tlion had ro-entered: from the ninrkot, ohattofi, with the oonciorgo, nnd saluted a fow fellow- tenants oncountered' 011 the stairs. Sho resided en tho third, story. Her neighbour wus a . working-at-ho'mo saddler. Overhead grid underneath were tho apartments of -'other artisans. Duly returned at half 7 past- -7 ns -usual to his dinner, tho hoy was in- the look outside; ontcriiig, all was dark ; 110 sound, save the hnhy , crying in' its cradle. Hp.strupk a ipntoh i hiM wife lay dead near, tho cradle, her skull battered in by a' pair Of marblo. candlesticks ; her features were a jolly. Snatching . up the child that was -besmeared with "its mothor's: blood; ho rushed down "stuirs . cxoluiriilng " Murder !" Tho. police .confessed (they . could .find no, duo ; no stranger hadhoon.scon to enter : rio noise of tlio. 'terrible struggla for ; life hrid; heon hennl, robbery was not tho inotive'of the crime. . Tlio' assassin after tho deed hod washed' his hands' in a haain ; in tlio water were 'a fow hairs. These. Inspootpr' Juumo eollooted, dried, liud- prit in his Tusshud poekot-hbok. , Ho called- ut Daly's wotlcshop ; Duly; on tho evening of the" crime,' lind/ loft ut fivo o'clock, but returiied hoforo seveu. dressed- in uniithei'. suit of clothes, and wcnt nwny as usual with the ' other work-v men. . ; Juumo invited Daly" to Iiiu oflioe, eiir, couraped tho man to - arrest his, tears imdioloar his yoico ; then looking into the down depths- of his eyes, said : " Confess ; it is you that killed .your wifo;; you 16ft': your work ' to", do so ; you 'chauged your clothes ( after tlio orimo,- rind then roturned to 'work to ' establish., nil alibi ; you .wushod - your haiidH,. inLtho basin, (: thero,'. are, Voino long ; hairs 'idpiitieal, with your own !." Consteinatcdj'Daly';,c6nfes8ed;Gi6 oprild'a'dduce- 110\. motive' ; lio'-, is; \ no v liiriatlo';;'hut 1 ri,: obol," ciiloulgting! diuliolical sconridrpl.l witii, till this murdor/ a faultless ohnrn.oter,'udulterated with riojppHtiqs, 110 isms.- .VV- ' . ' The socialists) though < of >«prinyi.: shades, 'are.. agreed to ;logf-roliv tho" idea' of (socialism,- arid leave dbtails in nljoynnim. : -Tho party hos.hpon .tisry sueoessful at , the general ,plootlpiisrnud riro already, prbpugoridising for those of 1892f. Tlio workinoit hnvo.hoyorid doubt resolved to !bo their .own Providence ; tliey' demand no more theories hut immediate realisations ; thoy . have taken part in, tho sooiril mnchino, and insist on their shnro of tlio output. Funds do not appear to ho lacking, ns tho socialists aro . establishing a normal school wherein, to train lecturers and orators to propagate the causo in the agricultural dish-rots.' Tlio rural 'vote is wanteil ; all property is to ho. nniyer-! sglised, save ' tho peasant's holdings ; lu'nded . .-estates am to ho split up, and pluogd within the jreabli bf tho .poor, and .tlio taxes levied on.tlio. lurid which is cultivated transferred to funded; property. V '.L? Tho profoot of polico continues to do ex- cellont work. Paris swarms with olubs, which aro only kept afloat by tlio profits on the gambling known "as tho cagnotto. To draw adherents and to attraot thom to pass tho ovoning at tlio club, 11 dinner is given for 3 or 6 francs whioli really costs double that sum. But these clubs, though not actually -holls, havo each a " happiness in licll " annoxc, where notorious blacklegs and patented card- sharpers abound, who are known as Greeks, and if over thoy do meet, it is in a tug of war to pluck tho pigeons. Tho prefcot, and may his arm never becomo shortened, hrfs invited tho presidents of these clubs to walk into his parlour, tlion lie submitted tho names of Bovoral individuals, not to fmno unknown, that woro not to bo admitted for tho futiu'0 — or closing tho homo uway from homo would ho inevitable. M. Monod is tho indofatigablo dircctorj of tho Public Sanitary Board of Franco. At tlio Havre congress of hygicnists ho nBserted that lioncoforth thoro was no necessity for quarantine. The cuuscs of cholera aro now known, human filth affording microbes, hot beds for development. The microbe can now bo destroyed by disinfecting processes. Apply thoso to ships, thoir cargoes, nnd thoir pnsson-' gors, and no plaguo can exist 011 hoard. Every ship . that now leaves Havre is inspected as if a' suspected liouso with bod drains or unkompt premises, the doctor visits, then the nnti- miorobian hrigado ; result, a perfect ' bill ' of health. That light of other days, poor old M. do Losseps, recommonded. swimming as a sub stitute 'for quarantine. ' Coming from Suez in hri anti-coffin ship to Marseilles, the vessel was .ordored to remain for a week in tho yellow flng departmant. One night ho jumped over- board — Panama was then an A_l. investment— swam ashore, passed as tho sanitary inspcotor, and 24 hours, later ocoapied the chair at a board meeting of' tha. Suez direotors, where, instead of giving ' the 'oholera; he gave share holders a 4 per cent instalment dividend.' Borderland' tips'; for Mr. Stead.; Roohofou- cand wrote that neither death . nor tho sun could look at themselves' fixedly. .But tho -duko, when he indited his maxims, was' nailed to Iris bed with rheuriwtism. " In Brctagme, tho rcfugo Innd for ghost lore, tho natives, like tho Turks," lovo to promenade in their cemeteries. " I envy tho. aerid-because. thoy repose," said Luther. Ren ah took 11 delight in mentally talking with tho dead in tho ipravoyard bf his nntivo villago, arid when tho death crier went through thestr6ots, to announce a' dofunot's name, &o.;, ho woidd give that messenger of doatli 'a fow sous to bawl up, so that tho de parted could .be made fully known. . Tlio Brotons claim to ho familiar .with tho invisible world, and indulgo in ohats on deaths and resurrections. They claim to. percoivo Azrael nt work, ns thoy often aeo the souls of tho .dying quit tho mortal frame, as a white flower or white mouse. A lovor has only to place his dead sweotheart auross his knees and kiss her, when sho will fall, full of life, into his anns. Another white, mouse. ,M. do Froyciiiot, of all tho mon of iight and . leading that went doivn'with Pnnamaism. is tho only ono that' abandoned resurguru. He" is still lilivo, sineo his death hus not been announced, and is occupied Writing a ' History of the French War Department ".fronj l7S9 to. tho present., Tlio anarchists, true to thoir opposition to all institutions;' now adopt frefc unions' to civil marriages; Tho bride nnd bridegroom simply invito their friends to witness their .mutual plighting bf troth for hotter, for worso.. Having no '.goods, nono.ciin.be endoivcd, so marriage settlements are dispo'nsed'with. At dessert, tho' ico serived is bomb'dyriamite.' ' BeotliovenV father was n great drinker.. When ho expired, a friond exclaimed : "What adoss forthorovonuo ! " . . , 