[ THEATRE ROYAL. f I " THE DOUBLE EVENT." The Theatre Royal reopened on Saturday evening, under the management of Mr George Darrell, who has written a four act racing drama for the occasion, founded upon a sporting novel, entitled The Double Event The incidents have been localised, so as to introduce Cup Day) at h Flemington, the interior of the Victorian Club, a. fete champare in the grounds of a mansion at Toorak, and the inner recesses of a sporting tavern, which is also a gambling house, in Melbourne. The plot is more coherent and consecutive than has been the case in some of Mr Darrell's earlier dramatic essa) s , the interest is well sustained , the writers stage experience has enabled him to introduce some effective e situations, and to conduct the more important scenes to a telling climax and if the dialogue is not always intelligible to those who are unfamiliar with the m) sten ous ideologies of the sporting newspaper, it was perfectly well understood and greatly enjoyed by the young gentlemen in the gallery, who seem to know something also of the points of a horse, for they indulged in derisive laughter at the weedy animals who crossed the stage during the great race. There were nearly a score of these, and criticism of their obvious unlikeness to the genuine flyers of the turf is disarmed by the fact that it would be impossible to subject well bred and highly trained racehorses to the discipline of the stage manager, and the limitations of a few strides from wings to wing with a number of supernumeraries close to their noses, indulging in gesticula- tions and cries simulating wild excitement. and thirty or forty of the latter are necessarily an inadequate representation of the immense crowd at Flemington on Cup Day ; but in other respects, this, the clue of the piece was very well managed, and constitutes one of its most attractive features. The drama opens in a betting room, where we learn from a present plunger and a possible baronet, Richard Marston (Mr. Darrell), that he has lost heavily, and that his only chance of retrieving himself is by winning the double with his horse Caloola. He is engaged to Edith Kingdon (Miss Herbert), daughter of a high minded bookmaker (Mr. E Kelly.) Marston has just discharged his trainer, Tiger Fletcher (Mr C. Brown), the keeper of the gambling house already referred to, and this is where the trouble begins for the dismissed servant re- solves, in revenge, to " nobble " Caloola, upon which his owner stands to win£35,000. In The tiger's lair we are introduced to " Daisy, a mystery " (Miss E. Blanch), and a mystery she certainly is, A handsome woman with elegant tastes, she lives under The Tiger's roof neither as wife nor mistress, but simply as a decoy to rich young fools, who go there to be fleeced of their money at cards. One of these, Lord Mayfield (Mr. Inman), falls in love with her, proposes, is accepted, marries her, and takes her to his aristocratic mansion at Toorak, greatly to the disgust and indignation of The Tiger. Another member of his establishment is Nelly White (Miss Jennie Lee), who is ticketed " a curiosity," and justifies the appellation, She is apparently a barmaid or a waitress, who spends most of her time in talking to a brainless admirer, named Tommy Notes (Mr. Paulton), or in chaffing and mimicking a Jewish blackleg, Solly Yates by name (Mr. G. P. Carey), an elderly married man, who is so far forgetful of Rebecca and his six children as to persecute Nell) with his grotesque attentions. Between the first and the second act the Derby has been run, and Caloola has been the winner, and The Tiger, who has backed the second favourite for the Cup, is resolved to frustrate illusion's hopes of securing the double event. He tries to bribe the jockey, but fails to do so. By means of a duplicate key he obtains admission to the stable, enveloped in a white garment, so as to scare both the horse and the stable boy, who sleeps in his loose-box. He drugs the boy, injects a poison into the horse's hoof, and then steals away, but is observed and mistaken for a ghost by Miss Kingdon, who, is indulging in a reverie on Juliet's balcony. Her screams alarm the household, and the startling discovery is made that Caloola has been tampered with, and Smirk, a Sydney detective (Mr. Greenaway), is placed on the culprit's track. The great race is run in the third act, and the favourite is pronounced to be "fit in spite of his poisoned hoof. As a last resource The Tiger falls upon his jockey and disables him. His new trainer, Ike Thurstan, fresh from Yorkshire, volunteers to be his substitute, and wins the race in sight of the audience by a neck, to the consternation of The Tiger, Solly Yates, and the whole ring, and to the great delight of Marston, Kingdon, and Lord and Lady Mayfield, the curtain falling on a scene which is tumultuously applauded, and when it is raised again it discloses the whole of the horses and their jockeys grouped together at the winning post. In the last act The Tiger is shown to us a ruined, desperate, and reckless man, whose footsteps are dogged by the police, for the stable boy he has drugged is dead, and his only hope of escape from the colony is by extorting a large sum of money from Lady Mayfield, who is giving an evening fete at her mansion Although the grounds are being watched by the police, and although several guests are only a few yards off, he has a long and stormy interview with the lad), who refuses to pay him the blackmail he demands, and raises no cry of alarm In fact, after discharging a pistol, which wounds the detective, 'The Tiger effects his escape from the crowded grounds, but is brought back and handcuffed. Meanwhile, in honour of Caloola victory, a blue ballet" is danced, in the midst of which the principal ballerina, who is robed in black muslin, appears to be suddenly girdled, crowned and otherwise decorated with electric jewels, and the curtain falls, amidst general applause, on a highly animated finale Considering the difficulties which had to be surmounted in a production of this kind, the first performance went with remarkable smoothness and reflected great credit upon the stage manager, Mr. Charles Brown. He, himself, appeared in a totally different line of character from what we have been accus tomed to see him in, and made a decided hit as the repulsive and malignant villain ; failing only in the last scene of the last act. In the enigmatical part of Daisy Miss Blance uses her best endeavours to bestow an air of verisimilitude upon a' very indefinite sort of personage, and her efforts are fully appreciated by the audience. The only other prominent female character is that of Nelly White, and whatever vitality and vivacity it possesses are due to the personality of the actress, in whom there is always plenty of " go." Mr Darrell plays the part of Richard Marston with appropriate sang road ; but, like the rest of the people who figure in the drama, the winner of the double event belongs to stage land, rather than to real life. Lord Mayfield, with his eye-glass, and his "don't yet know" is an old acquaintance on the boards. Solly Yatea-divertingly played by Mr. Carey is a reminiscence of the Jew in "Flying Scud," Ike Thurstan is not unrelated to Nat Gosling, and Smirk, the detective, is also purely conventional. It would almost seem as if the drama were working back again to one of its starting points, when the vernacular comedy of ancient Home presented invariable a pea of character, such as MOCCUB, Buceo, Pappus, Manducas, and Dossenus, with ever varying dialogues, incidents, and situa- tions "The Double Event" is announced for repetition every evening until further notice. 