HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION? Xow, which is the worse—to have iio sppet ite for your dinner, or to have no «li«ii«f for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good dipesaou -waits on appetite, «nd health on both," that is the ideal atiitńde <ta peretm bnrards his mealfL Bat most of ns ax- Lot blessed in thżt way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous ajipetite m"thontraoogh to satisfy it. Different Wfc will answer this question -differs tly, lint tiie common Een^e of it is that, within reasonable limits it-is better to have an appetite ^viihtuta dicner, hccanse, short of tł.e starvation tine, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas am AH who ought to eat and dosen't fed like eating stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To SIcEtrite. We recently received a communication in which the writer saye, I was afraid to eat " v Did he fancy Lis foGd was poisoned, did. his nature rebel agamstlhe nourishment lived nn? If the latter, why* Let him clear the mystery himself. fie sayr, " In the year 1SS9 I changed mv work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once,BO to speak, I did not fed myself. My month tasted had, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to Lave nothing to say to them. One tiling was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated, and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breatii was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains throngh the chest and shoulders, which were always right heforel had eaten anything. Hien I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather BO it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these or- cmnstancts our friend*feBed tn do 3UKtice lo his meals. He adds that there was what lie cal*s " a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it w>re touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at tames be was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the swea&rolled; off him "I dreaded," he says, "the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going 10 happen" is of coarse, the fear of soaie calamity, such as the loss of his' petition, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished Jtate of his blood (the life bearo), his unstrung nerves, and to tlie brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always fall of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and tmgoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I straggled on, bnt what I soffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am srare no one suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement he is andoabtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's noti'io cf ' iis neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them Well, the writer finally mentions that after all ""l'"' treatment had left him where it found him he flr^oji to read in a book a case exactly like his own having been cared by Mother Seiget's Syrup. " My wife," he «ay*. "got me a bottle at Mr LangstaiFs, in Woodles'ord, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned Eince that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have beai employed by the Midland Bail way Company for eleven years. (Signed) " GEOBGE Scyr, " Car Bottom Road, " Apperiy Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in older that part of the world at large may know how thankful he is and for what 