OBANGrE PEELINGS. ' [Gathered by Ouit Correspondent.] Orange, Thursday night. A youth named Shearwood was brought np at the court this morning and sentenced to a week in gaol for stealing 3s from the shop of Mr. Addi son, Butcher, Summer-street. The meeting of the Prospecting Com pany has been adjourned until Wednes day next. Our aldermen are not very attentive to | their duties. The attendance was so small on Tuesday that no business could be transacted. The affairs in the boro ugh are getting into a nice muddle, and ir any opposition is brought against the retiring aldermen next February they have not, in my opinion, the ghost of a show. This evening there was a curious gathering in the Town Hall of parsons and a couple of laymen to hear a letter rpfld f mm Afr 'Wmvmnn. TVT.P T was not at the meeting, and cannot forward a copy of the letter, but you can guess its funny nature when the local reporters were asked not to publish it. The junior member, that is Mr. Newman (although he glories in being called the senior member but as he only represents his district for a period of some two years, he cannot usurp that honor which be long to Mr. Torpy, M.P.); wrote offering £75 to persons likely to apply to him for aid. He asked that a committee con sisting of Messrs, Goodge, J. Beacon and P. Flanagan be appointed to distribute the money, and sure enough they were appointed, and so the reign of poverty and destitution (I have not yet heard of any cases up here), is at an end. Mr. S. Simms, the Orange School of Arts secretary, lately came in for ' a wind-fall.' Samuel, who has always been a generous contributor to his Church, has increased his donations four fold since he became rich. If Mr. Michael Casoy of Orange stands as a Parliamentary candidate for that district, where would Lucknow be 1 Last, of course. Michael is without doubt the most popular man in Orange, but he has one failing. He is too modest. The Churcli of England incumbent at Orange is going to brush the cobwebs lrom ins pen to reply to strictures passea on him by Dr. Camidge. ' If the Rev. Dunstan is not allowed to have his say in the Western Churchman he will ven tilate his viows in the Orange papers. By the way a Church of England parish ioner writes to know, how it is that the usual annual Easter Meeting has not been held in connection with Trinity Church, Orange, this year. A prominent Freotradcr in Orange, was recently asked to sign the guarantee bond for the Orange Hospital but, it is said he refused. Mr. Arthur Lark, the Secretary of the defunct Freetrade Association at Orange has sold the license of the Federal Hotel. It has been rumoured that he is going to stand as a candidate at the next general election, but in some quarters this is doubted. 