THE WOMAN OF THE SAETEJR. (By Jekojie K. Jeuome, the "Ihlek.") Wild-reindeer stalking is hardly so exciting a sport as the evening's verandah talk in JJorroway hotels won Id le.ul the trustful traveller to suppose. Under the charge of your guide, a very young man with the dreamy, wistful eyes of those who live in valleys, you leave the farmstead early in the forenoon, arriving towards twilight at the desolate hut which, for so long as you remain upon the uplands, will be your somewhat cheerless head-quarters. Next morning, in the chill, mist-laden dawn you rise ; and, after a breakfast of coflee and dried fish, shoulder your Remington, and step forth silently into the raw, damp air; the guide locking the door behind you, the ke}T grating harshly in the rusty lcck. For hour after hour you toil over the steep, stony ground, or wind through the pines, speaking in whispers, lest your voice leach the quick ears of your prey, that keeps its headi ever pressed against the wind. Here and there, in the hollows of the hills, lie wide fields of snow, over which you pick your steps thoughtfully, listening to the smothered thunder of the torrent, tunnelling its way beneath your feet, and wondering whether the frozen arch above it be at all points as firm as is desirable. Now and again, as in single file you walk cautiously along some jagged ridge, you catch glimpses of the green world, three thousand feet below you ; though you gaze not lon« upon the view, for your attention is chiefly directed to watching the footprints of the guide, lest by deviating to the right or left you find yourself at one stride'back in the valley—or, to be more correct," are found there. These.tilings you do, and as.exercise- they are healthful and invigorating. But a reindeer you never see, and unless, overcoming the prejudicies of your British-bred conscience, you care to take an occasional pep at a fox, you had better have left your rifle at the hut, and,' instead, have brought a stick, which would have been helpful. Notwithstanding which the guide continues sanguine, and in broken English, helped out by stirring gesture, tells of the terrible slaughter generally done by sportsmen under his superintendence, and of the vast herds that generally infest these fields ; and when you grow sceptical upon the subject of Reins he whispers alluringly of Bears. Once in a way you will come across a track, and will follow it breathlessly for hours, and it will lead to a sheer precipice. Whether the explanation is suicide, or a reprehensible tendency on the part of the animal towards practical joking, you are left to decide for yourself. Then, with many rough miles between you and your rest, you abandon the chase. Bui T Knp.alr from nersonal experience merely. \- All day long we tramped through the piti less rain, stopping only for an hour at 110011 to eat sonie dried venison, and smoke a pipe beneath the shelter of an overhanging cliff. Soon afterwards Michael knocked over a ryper (a bird that will hardly take the trouble to hop out of your way) with his gun-barrel, which incident cheered us a little, and, later ..on, jour flaggiug;'spiritsAwere .still further revived by the discovery of apparently very recent deer-tracks. These we followed, for getfal, in our eagerness, of the lengthening distance back co the hut, of the fading day light, of the gathering mist. The track led us higher and higher, further 'and further intoithe mountains, until on the shores of a desolate rock-bound vand it abruptly ended, and we stood staring at one another, and the snow began to fall.... Unless in the next half-hour we could chance upon a saeter, this meant passing the night upon the mountain. Michael and I looked at the guide, but though, with characteristic Norwegian sturdiness, he put a bold face upon it, we could see that in that deepening darkness he knew no more than we did. Wasting no time on words, we made straight for the nearest point of descent, knowing that any human habitation must be far below us. Down we scrambled, heedless of torn clothes and bleeding hands, the darkness pressing closer round us. Then suddenly it became black—black as pitch—and we could only! hear each other. Another step might mean death. We stretched out our hands, and ' felt each other. Why we snoko in whispers, I do not know, but we seemed afraid of our own voices. We agreed -there was nothing for it but to stop where we were till morning, clinging to the short grass ; so we lay there side by side, for what may have been five minutes or may have been an hour. Then, attempting to turn, I lost my grip and rolled. I made convulsive efforts to catch the ground, but the incline was too steep. How far I fell I could not say, but at last something stopped me. I felt it cautiously with my foot; it did not yield, so I twisted myself round and touched it with my hind. It seemed planted firmly in the earth. I passed my arm along to the right, then to the left. Then I shouted with joy. It was a fence. Rising and groping about me, I found an opening, and passed through, and crept forward with palms outstretched until I touched the logs of a hut; then, feeling my way. round, discovered the door, and knocked. There came no response, so I knocked louder; then pushed, and the heavy woodwork Yielded. rroaninrr "Rut. the darkness within was even darker than the darkness without. The others had con trived to crawl down and join me. Michael struck a wax vesta and held it up, and slowly the room came out of the darkness and stood round us. Then something rather startling happened. Giving one swift glancc about him, our guide utteied a cry, and rushed out into the night, and disappeared. We followed to the door, and called after him, but ouly a voicc came to us out of the blackness, and the only words that we could catch, shrieked back in terror, were : ' The woman of the saetcr.' ' Some foolish superstition about the phce, I suppose,1 said Michael. ' In these mountain solitudes men breed ghosts for company. Let us make a tire. Perhaps, when lie sees the light, his desire for food and shelter may get the better of his fears.' We felt about in the small enclosure round | the house, and gathered juniper and birch- | twigs, and kindled a fire upon the open stove built in the corner of the room. Fortunately, we had some dried reindeer and bread in our bag, and on that and the ryper, and the contents of our flasks, we supped. After wards, to while away the time, we made an inspection of the strange eyrie we had lighted on. It was an old log-built saeter. Some of these mountain farmsteads are as old as the stone ruins of other countries. Carvings of strange beasts and demons were upon its blackened rafters, and on the lintel, in runic letters, ran this legend : ' Hund buildedme in the days of Haarfager.' The house con sisted of two largo apartments. Originally, no doubt, those had been separate dwellings standing beside one another, but they were now connected by a long, low gallery. Most of the scanty furniture was almost as ancient as the walls themselves, but many articles of a comparatively recent date had been added. All was now, however, rotting and falling nto decay. The place appeared to have been deserted suddenly by its last occupants. Household utensils lay as they were left, rust and dirt encrusted on them. An open book, limp ind mildewed, lay face downwards on the table, while many others were scattered nbout both rooms, together with much paper, scored with faded ink. The curtains hung in shreds about the windows; a woman's cloak, of an antiquated fashion, drooped from a nail bohind the door. In an oak chest we found a tumbled heap of yellow letters. They were of various dates, extend over a pfitiod of four month?, and with them, apparently intended to receive them, lay a largo envelope, inscribed with an address in London that has since disappeared. Strong curiosity overcoming faint scruples, wo read them by the dull glow of the burn ing juniper twi^s, and, as we lay aside the last of them, there rose from the depths be low us a wailing cry, and all night long it rose and died away, and rose again, and died away again; whether born of our brain or of some human thing, God knows. And these, a little altered and shortened, are the letters :— Extkact FROM FIKST LETT Ell : ' I canuot tell you, my dear Joyce, what a haven of peace this place is to me after the racket and fret of town. I am almost quite recovered already, and am growing stronger every day; and, joy of joys, my brain has come back to me, fresher and more vigorous, I think, for its holidny. I this silence and solitude my thoughts (low freely, and the. difficulties of my task ara disappearing as if by magic. We are perched upon a tiny plateau halfivay up the mountain. On one side the ro;k rises nlmost perpendicularly, piercing the sky, while on the other, two thousand feet below us, the torrent hurls itself into Mack waters of the fiord. The house consists of two rooms—or, rather, it is two cabins connected bj' a passage. The larger one we use as a living room, and the other is our sleeping apartment. We have no servant, but do everything for ourselves. I fear sometimes Muriel must find it lonely. The nearest human habitation is eight miles away, across the mountain, and not a soul comes near us. I spend as much time as I can with her, however, during the day, and make up for it by working at night after she has gone to sleep, and when I question her, she only laughs, and answers that she loves to have me all to herself. (Here you will smile cynically, I know, and say, ' Humph, I wonder will she say the same when they have been married six years instead of six months.') At the rate I am working naw I shall have finished my lirsfc volume by the end of August, and then, my dear fellow, you must try and come over, and we will walk and talk to gether ' amid these storm-reared temples of the gods. I have felt a new man since I arrived her. Instaad of having to cudgel my brains,'as we say, thoughts crowd upon me. This work will make my name.' Part of the third letter, the second r.KIXG MERE talk about THE ROOK (A HISTORY API'AKKNTLy) THAT THE MAX ".VAS writing : 'My dear Joyce,—I have written you two letters—this will make the third—but have beeiv unable to post them. Every day I have been expecting a visit from some farmer or villager, for tlie Norwegians are kindly people towards strangers—to say nothing of the inducements of trade. A fortnight hav ing passed, however, and the commissariat question having become serious, I yesterday set out before dawn, and made my way down to the valley; and this gives me something to tell you. Nearing the village, I met a peasant woman. To my intense surprise, instead of returning my salutation, she stared at me, as if I were somo wild animal, and shrank away from' me as far as the width of the road would1 permit. In the village the same experience awaited me. The" children ran from me, 'th$j people avoided me. At last a grey-haired old man appeared to.takepjty on me, and from him I learnt the explanation of the mystery. It *eems there is a strange superstition attaching to this house in which we are living. My things were brought up here by the two men who accompanied me from Drontheim, but the natives are afraid to go near the place, and prefer to keep as far as possible from anyone connected with it. ' The story is that the house war built by one Hund, ■ 4 a maker of runes' (one of the old saga writers, no doubb), who lived here with his young wife. All went peacefully until, unfortunately for him, a certain maiden stationed at a neighboring saeter grew to love liim . TTnrcnTro maif I r»m tolling ynti xwliaf you knpw, but a ' saocer' is tho name given to the upland pastures to which, during the summer, are sent the cattle, generally under the charge of one or more of the maids. Here for three months tliese'girls will live in their lonely huts entirely shut off from the world. Customs change little in this land. Two or three such stations are within climbing dis tance of this house, at this day, looked after by the farmers' daughters, as in the days of Hund, ' maker of runes.' 1 Every night, by devious mountain paths, the woman would come and tap lightly at Hund's door. Hund had built himself two cabins, one behind the other (these are now, as I think I have explained to you, connected by a passage); the smaller one was the home stead, in the other he carved and wrote, so that while the young wife slept the ' maker of runes' and the saeter woman sat whisper ing. ' One night, however, the wife learnt all things, but said no word. Then, as now, the ravine in front of the enclosure was crossed by a slight bridge of planks, and over this bridge the woman of the saeter passed and re-pasaed each night. On a day when Hund had gone down to Ish in the fiord, the wife took an axe, and hacked and hewed at the bridge, yet it still looked firm and sound, and that night, as Hund sat working in hi3 workshop, there struck in his ears a piercing cry, and a crashing of logs and rolling rock, and then again the dull roaring of the torrent far below. ' But the woman did not die unavenged, for that winter a man, skating far down the fiord, noticed a curious object embedded in the ice; and when, stooping, he looked closer, he saw two corpses, one gripping the other by the throat, and the bodies were the bodies of Hund and his young wife. 'Since then, they say (he woman of the saeter haunts Hund's house, and if she sees a light within, she taps upon the door and no man may keep her out. Many, at different times, have tried to occupy the house, but strange tales are told of them. ' Men do not live at Hund's saeter,' said by old grey haired friend, concluding his tale, ' they die there.' I have persuaded some of the braver of the villagers to bring what provisions and other necessaries we require up to a plateau about a mile from the house and leave them there. That is the most I have been able to do. It. comeB somewhat as a shock to one to find men and women—fairly educated and intelligent as many of them are—slaves to fears that one would expect a child to laugh at. But there is no reasoning with superstition.' Extract from thh same letter, but from a TART seemingly "written A DAY OR TWO LATER : 'At home I should have forgotten such a tale an hour after I had heard it, luit these mountain fastnossea tooru strangely fit to he the last stronghold of the supernatural. The woman haunts me already. At night, instead of working, I find myself listening for her tapping at the door; and yesterday an inci dent occurred that makes me fear for my own common sonse. I had gone out for a long walk alone, and the twilight was thicken ing into darkness as I neared home. Suddenly looking np from my reverie, I saw, standing on a knoll the other side of the ravine, the figure of a woman. She held a cloak about her head, and I could not see her face. I took of! my cap, and called out good-night to her, but she never moved or spoke. Then, God knows why, for my brain was full of other thoughts at the time, a clammy chill crept over me, and my tongue grew dry and parched. I stood rooted to the spot, staring at her across the yawning gorge that divided iw, then slowly she moved away, and passed into the gloom; and I con tinued my way. I havo said nothing to Muriel, and shall not. The effect the story has had upon myself warns me not to.' From a lettek dated eleven- iuvs t.atpw • ' She has come. I have known she would sincc that evening I saw her on the mountain, and last night she came, and wo have sat and looked into each othor's eyes. You will say of course, that I am mad—that I have not recovered from my fever—that I have been working too hard—that I have heard a foolish tale, and that it has filled my overstrung brain with foolish fancies—I have told myself all that. But the thing came, nevertheless— a creature of flesh and blood ? a creature of air ? a creature of my own imagination ? what matter: it was real to me. ' It came last night, as I sat working, alone. Each night I have waited for it, listened for it—longed for it, I know now. I heard the passing of its feet npon the bridge, the tap puig .if ii.s ii.'uiii upon the door, tlirco tiniu.s —cap, tap, tap, I felt my loins "ioff cold, and a pricking p'dn about my licad, and I gripped my chair with both hands, and <raited, and again there came the tapping—tap, tap, tap. I rose and slipped the bolt of the door leading to the other room, and again I waited, and again there came the tapping—tap, tap, tap. Then I opened the heavy outer door, and the wind rushed past mo, scattering my papers, and the woman entered in, and I closed the- door behind her. She threw her hood back from her head, and unwound a kerchief"frsnr.'ibout-her neck," and laid it on the table. Then she crossed and sat be fore the fire, and I noticed her bare feet were damp with the night dew. • J. stood over against lier and gazed at her, and she smiled at me—a strange, wicked smile, but I could have laid my soul at her feet. She never spoke or moved, and neither did I feel the need of spoken words, for I understood the meaning of those upon the Mount when they said, ' Let us make here tabernacles; it is good for us to be here.' ' How long a time pissed thus I do not know, but suddenly the woman held her hand up, listening, and there came ii faint sound from the other room. Then swiftly she drew her hood about her face and passed out, closing the door softly behind her; and I drew back the bolt of the inner door and waited, and hearing nothing more, sat down, and must have fallen asleep in my chair. 'Iawoke,and instantly there flashed through my mind the thought of the kerchief the woman had left behind her, and 1 started from my chair to hide it. But the table was already laid for breakfast, and my wife sat with her elbows on the tcble and her head between her hands, watching me with a look in her eves tint was haw f-n mo ' She kissed me, though her lips were a little cold, and I argued to myself that the whole thing must have been a dream. But later in the day, passing the open door when her back was towards me, I saw her take the kerchief from a locked chest and look at it. ' I have told myself it must have been a kerchief of her own, and that all the rest has been my imagination—that if not, then my strange visitant was no spirit, but a woman, ! and that, if human thing knows human thing, it was no creature of flesh and blood that sat beside me last niirht. Besides, what woman would she be ? The nearest saeter is a three hours' climb to a strong man, the paths are dangerous even in daylight; what woman would have found them in the night? What woman would have chilled the air around her, and have made the blood flow cold through all my veins ? Yet if she comc again'I will speak to her. I will stretch out my hand and see whether she be mortal thing or only air.1 Tiie Finn letter : ' My dear Joyce,—Whether your eyes will ever see these letters is doubtful. From this place I shall never send tham. • They would rtad to you as the^ra'virig'sof a'friadman. If ever I return to England I may one day show them'to you,' but when I do it will be "when I, with you, can laugh over them. It pre sent I write them merely to hide away— putting the words down on paper saves my screaming them aloud. ' She comes each night, now, taking the same ,seat beside the embers, and fixing upon me those eyes, with the hell-light in them, that burn into my brain; and at rare times she smiles, and all my being passes out of me, and is hers. I make no attempt to work. I sit listening for her footsteps on the creak ing bridge, for the rustling of her feet upon the grass, for the tapping of her hand upon the dbor. No word is. uttered between us. Each : day I say : 1 When she comes to-night I will speak to her. I will stretch out my hand'and touch her.' Yet when she enters, all th'ought- and will goes out from me. ' Last night, as I stood gazing at her, my soul | filled '■wit'H her' wondrous beauty'as a lake (with moonlight, her lips parted, and i she started from her chair, and, turning, I thought I saw a white face pressed against j the window, but as I looked it vanished., 1 Then she drew her cloak about her, and passed out.': I slid back the bolt I always i drawj now,, find,, stole into the other room, and, taking down the lantern, held it above the bed. But Muriel's eyes were closed as if in $leep.' ;; Extract from the sixth letter : 1 If is not the night I fear, but the "day. I hate ! the sight of this -woman, with whem. I live, whom I call ' wife.' I shrink from the Klr.winf hor oold lipo, fcHc curae uf her stony eyes.i She has seen, she has learnt; I fell it, I know it. Yet sho winds her arms around my heck, and calls me sweet heart, and smooths my hair with her soft, false hands. We 'speak mocking words of love to one another, but I know her cruel eyes are ever following me. She is plotting her revenge, and I hate her, I hate her, I hate her !' Part op tiie seventh letter : ' Tnis morning I went down to the fiord. I told her I should not be back until the even ing. ■ She stood by the door watching me un til we were mere specks to one another, and a promontory of the mountain shut me from view! Then, turning aside from the track, I made my way, running and stumbling over the jagged ground, round to the other side of the mountain, and began to climb again. It was slow, weary work. Often I had to go miles out of my road to avoid a ravine, and twice I reached a high point only to have to descend again. But at length I crossed the ridge, and crept down to a spot from where, concealed, I could spy upon my own house. She—my wife—stood by the flimsy bridge. A short hatchet, such as butchers use, was in her hand. She leant against a pine trunk •with her arm behind her, as one stands whose back' aches with long stooping in some cramped position; and even at that distance I could see the cruel smile about her lins. ' Then I recrossed the ridge, and crawled down again, and, waiting until evening, walked slowly up the path. As I came in view of the house she me, and waved her handkerchief to me, and, in answer, I waved my hat, and shouted curses at her that the wind whirled away into the torrent. She met me with a kiss, and I breathed no hint to her that I had seen. Let her devil's work remain undisturbed. Let it prove to me what manner of thing this is that haunts me. If it be a Spirit, then the bridge will bear it safely; if it be a woman ' But I dismiss the thought. If it bo human thing why does it sit gazing at me, never speaking; why does my tongue refuse to question it; why does all power forsake me in its presence, so that I stand as in a dream? Yet if it be Spirit, why do I hear the passing of her feet; and why does the night-rain glisten on her hair? ' I force myself back into my chair. It is far into the night, and 1 am alone, waiting, listening. If it be Spirit, ahe will come to me ; and if it be woman, I shall hear her cry above the storm—unless it be a demon mock ing nie. ' I have heard the cry. It rose, piercing mid shrill, above the storm, above tlio riving and rending of the bridge, above the down ward crashing of the logs and loosened stones. I hear it as I listen now. It is cleaving its way upward from the depths below. It is wailing through the room as I sit writing. 'I have crawled upon my belly to the ut most edge of the still standing pier until I could feel with my hand the jagged splinters left by the fallen planks, and have looked down. But the chasm was full to the brim ■with darkness. I shouted, but the wind shook my voice into mocking laughter. I sit here, feebly striking at the madness that is creeping nearer and nearer to me. I tell my self the whole thing is but the fever in my brain. The bridge was rotten. The storm was strong. The cry is but a single one among the many voices of the mountain. Yet still I listen, and it rises, clear and shrill, above the moaning of tho pines, above the mighty sobbing of the waters. It beats like blows upon my skull, and I know that she will never come a^ain.' HXTKACT FROM THE LAST LETTER : ' I shall address an envelope to you, and leave it among them. Then, should I never come back, some chance wanderer may one day find and post them to you, and you will know. 'Mj'books and writings remain untouched. Wo sit together of a night—this woman I call ' wife' and I—she holding in her hands sonio knitted tiling that never grows longer by a single stitch, and I with a volume before mo that is ever open at the same page. And day and night we watch each other stealthily, moving to and fro about the silent house; and at times, looking round swiftly, I catch the smile upon her lips before she lias time to smooth it away. ' We speak like strangers about this and thar, making talk to hide our thoughts. We make a pretence of busying ourselves about whatever will help us to keep apart from one another. j ' At night, sitting here between the sha dows and the dull glow of the smouldering twigs, I sometimes think I hear the tapping I I have learnt to listen for, and I start from my seat, and softly open the door and look out But only the night stands there. Then | I close-to the latch, and she — the living woman -asks mo in her purring voice what sound I heard, hiding a smile as she stoops low over her work, and I answer lightly, and, moving towards her, put my arm about her, feeling her softness and her suppleness, and wondering, supposing I held her close to me with one arm while pressing her from me with the other, how long before I should hoar the cracking < f her bones. ' For here, amid these savage solitudes, I also am grown savage. The old primeval passions of love and hate stir within me, and they are fierce ane cruel and strong, beyond what you men of the later ages could under stand. The culture of the centuries has fallen from me as a flimsy garment whirled away by the mountain wind; the old savage instincts of the race lie bare. One day I shall twine my fingers, about her full white throat, and her eyes will slowly come towards me, and her lips will part, and the red tongue creep out; and backwards, step by step, I shall push her before me, Razing the while npori her bloodless facc, and it will be my turn to smile. Backwards through the open door, backwards along the garden path be tween the juniper bushes, backwards till her heels are overhanging the ravine, and she grips life with nothing but her little toes, I shill force her, step by step, before me. Then I shall lean forward, closer, closer, till I kiss her purpling lips, and down, down, down, past the startled seabirds, past the white spray of the foss, past the downward peeping pines, down, down, down, we will go together, till ive find my love where she lies sleeping beneath the waters .of the fiord.' With these words ended the last letter, un signed. At the first, streak of dawn we left the house, and, after much wandering, found our way back to the valley. But of our guide we heard no news. . Whether he remained still upon the mountain, or whether by soijte false step he had perished upon that night, "ive never learnt. ° \ 