By the Author of '* An Ocean Secret," Darker than Death," " Riches to Ruin," &c.; CHAPTER XLV. ^ ? -(CONTINUED). in vain did Orr and the ex-parson (know- ing very well that they too would at all events be hanged if the day went against them) strive their hardest to rally the fleeing cowards and bring them back to the scratch, themselves fighting as gallantly the while as doomed men could light. All was in vain, for a pack of ravenous wolves had suddenly changed, as it were, into a flock of timid sheep. Seeing that the gamo was up, Sanglier clapped the muzzle of his revolver into his mouth and blew his own brains out, rather than face the terrible future which was so fast opening up before him j but Orr and the ex-parson played the more manly part of killing others until they were them- selves killed, for it was found to be impos- sible to take either of them alive. Orr was the last to fall, with the top of his head almost blown off with a bullet from a revolver that was discharged with the muzzle pressed up against his forehead, and half a minute later the mutineers were being driven down the long step-ladder into the steerage, whose black depths in a very brief while engulfed them all. Having thus securely penned them, as it were, the hatch was clapped on and battened down atop of them, and the cause of law, order, and legitimate authority had at last completely triumphed. CHAPTER XLVI.-SHOWS HOW BRADSHAW VENTED HIS HATRED UPON GRANT. Directly the struggle was over Captain Martin went up to George Grant, and grasping him by the hand, exclaimed in a loud voice, so that all who were by that time gathered close around them could clearly hear his words ** We owe our victory, and all of us owe our lives to you, sir. Unless you had cap- tured the carronade by a sudden and gal- lant rush, and then turned it on and fired it at the mutineers, every honest man aboard this ship would, you may be sure, have had to walk the plank, whilst the women and children would have suffered an incalculably worse fate still." " The thought that I have been partly instrumental in preventing such probable horrors fills me with a happiness such as Ï have not known for years ; but I do assure you, Captain Martin, that each of these gentlemen who assisted me in the capture of the cannon deserves your praise every bit as much as I do," replied our hero modestly. "No, no," at once declaimed one of them. " You were tho first to conceive the idea, and certainly the foremost to carry it out." *' And 'twas you who discharged the cannon with a common fusee, and so at the imminent risk of blowing your right hand to pieceB," exclaimed a second, and then all the rest without exception remarked some- thing or other to the same effect. -, .* Well," retorted Grant, *« as you are all good enough to say that 'twas I who dh the moBt in killing people, suppose that we now all try who can do the most towards preserving the lives of the wounded ?" This suggestion was received with loud acclaim, and at once acted upon. The dead were laid out on the port side of the ship and the wounded to starboard, and the latter, foe impartially with friend, had their wounds dressed and their agony as much as possible assuaged as promptly and effectually as the both could be ac- complished j nor was even female ministra- tion wanting for Bessie Grant and Lucy Webb (the latter rising superior for awhile to her own most bitter grief in her womanly pity for the intense and agonis- ing suffering that she saw all around her) volunteered for active service as nurses, and carried their duties through to the ad- miration of all who beheld them. The wounds were, in the majority of cases, pf so deadly a nature, however, having been inflicted so malignantly, and at such close quarters, that by far the greater number who had received them gave up the ghost, and were shifted over to the port side of the ship amongst the dead, before even another day had dawned j and by high noon, sewn up in sacks or sheets, one and all of these were committed to the deep ; the prayers of the church being first read over them, the latter solemnity in the instance of the slain mutineers speaking more for the cap- tain's Christian charity than for his ortho- doxy, since assuredly nine out of 10 of them had not had a single moment, ere death claimed them, in which to repent of their terrible sins. Directly the sea had engulfed their remains the decks were swabbed down, and as the captain had insisted that George Grant and his wife, together with Lucy Webb, should take up their quarters in the saloon, the whole of the second cabin was' made an hospital of ; and as it was on deck there could not have been a more airy or a healthier one. Lucy Webb would assuredly have been much more inconsolable in her grief for her dead husband had she had. her hands leps full of work, so that her nursing actu- ally came to her as a blessing in disguise, and during the brief intervals in this most commendable labor she joined Bessy Grant in her unceasing efforts to comfort Mrs. Meredith for the loss of her little girl, con- cerning whose terrible death and ocean burial the poor mother was for a long while utterly inconsolable. As for hor husband's shattered knee-cap, Grant did all that could be done for him, though he could not give him even a hope that he would not be a cripple for life. But our hero's popularity-so quickly, gallantly, and deservedly won-was soon frost-bitten, as it were, by the charges which Ben Bradshaw, directly he was re- leased from the gag which pinned down his tongue (though not of the ropes that bound his limbs), instinctively launched at his head. ' Aware that his own doom would be the gibbet whether he owned up to fresh crimes or no, he, knowing that Jack Webb had confessed to being the sole perpetrator of the murder for which Grant had been transported to Tasmania, thus constituting the latter a free man without so much as a stain upon his character, with fiendish malignity once more dragged him within the hangman's clutch by declaring himself to have been the deviser and leader of the poid escort robbery, and swearing that Grant had taken an active part therein, and had certainly shot one trooper dead and seriously wounded another. Nor was the scurvy rascal even content with spitting forth his toad-like venom at one of his own sex, for he next proceeded to accuse Bessy and Lucy of having be- tween them murdered their master, Captain Wallace Ashton, at Fort Arthur, daring them to deny the charge on oath. Bessy, however, did . deny it on oath j dedaring it to have been a case of justifi- able homicide, and averring that under dire provocation homicide was not murder. To the female saloon passengers she ex- plained how Captaip Ashton had provoked and met a well-deserved fate, and then she proceeded to express her conviction that her husband had taken no part whatever in the gold escort robbery, and called upon him to indignantly disavow it. For her sake he made a faint attempt to do so, but the perhaps life-saving lie would not rise to his lips, and he blurted ou*> "Of me he speaks truly enough, but I was bound hard and fast in his demon chains, so that I could not help but go wherever he dragged me, or refuse to do whatever he ordered. 1 believe that I did shoot a trooper, but neither I nor he can be quite sure of it, when so many fire- arms were being discharged on both sides at once. At all events I stood up in the open, and faced the mounded police fairly and squarely. I did not fire on them from behind tree trunks, as he and others did." " They'll hang you all the same for it, mate," responded Ben Bradshaw, with a truly fiendish chuckle of satisfaction ; and then he added, as he looked round at Cap- tain Martin " You must supply me with ' writing materials, and I'll draw up a kind of affi- davit, swear to it in due form, and some of thèse gentlemen shall witness it. Then, if anything should happen to me on the voyage, Master Judas there, aye, and the two Madams also, will hang just as surely." " I daren't refuse the fellow his request," said Captain Martin, turning to Grant. " Do your duty, sir, and leave the rest to Providence or chance," was the sternly spoken reply of our hero, but there was a trace of bitterness in his tone that he could not altogether repress. So the affidavit was drawn up, signed, sworn to, and witnessed, and then Ben Bradshaw was rebound, led away, and im- prisoned along with the carpenter, and two or three others of the more desperate and bloody of the mutineers, down in the bot- tom of the hold, where the rats stared at them with their sharp, bead-like and glittering eyes, where there was a malo- dorous smell of bilge water, and also where they were close surrounded by all that enormous treasure which they had risked so much and sinned so deeply to possess themselves of. Surely never was retribution more meet than theirs. 