THE DAIRYING INDUSTRY. -> ITS DEVDLOPMENT AND ITS FUTUBK. METHODS OF PRESSURE USED IN SILOS. (BT LIi.0 ) IB my last article which appra-el in the WBST AUSTRALIAN of the 18th in-t., I dealt with silo«, and promised at the conclusion tb say something ia this article about the y sirio «a methods of applying préseme to the ensilage. To he somewhat Hibernian in ex- pression, tbe simplest form of pressure is where no pressure is used, aa in the oaee «f . the silo at Woodbridge. This. will do, as Mr. Harper has mostoouo naively shown ina large at'o, whare the preesare of the m«s is-if .. the silo is properly m^de-maflioient to ex- clude the air and airest fermentation.' Bot ?'where sour silage alone is desired, thu method, simple and inexpensive as it i*, has .thia ftraw back, that the upper layers, as the .pressure dtminirhes though Jack of -weight, will bs/swect silage. Hew this comes abost I explained at seme length in a previous article, and no. one has dis orcred as yet how the ¿ir oan be sufficiently excluded from the silo t« prevent tba temperature rising to snob a height OB io «prodBOB sweet eMa^e without fte application of pressure by somS'meobani eal means. When mixed stock are kept, or ¡ rather etoek "re kept fo* a variety of pur. "* poses, a silo on tbe Woodbridge plan has " everything to recommend it.1 Tbe sweet silage from the top can be fed to horned .stock, sheep or bogs, if so desired, with the best resulte, but tbe dnirymau wants osly sour silage. Mr. Harper's experience has s'-iown bim that tye milk production sour silage ie wey ahead of sweet. This is the genera) opinion, end where cowa are kept ex* elusively for dairying, seur ensilage shou<d be the "object all sublime." Ic is alas a j question whether if no pressure were applied to tbe sententB of a small silo, say of 26 or 80 bibs, the reeu't would be very satisfactory. In any casa I do not think it pays to make ensilage in email lots, under 20 tons. The los« in Bmall silos is greater in proportion to '«the contenté than in large ones, everything elie being equal, and the cost of construction also ie greater per ton of ensilage. When the'silo ia of considerable size and tbe swéêt 'silage, which is bonni to form a eerta:n'pro porttbnof the whole oan be profit»bly utilised, a nor» simple and inexpensive 'method than that pursued by Mr. Harper eem'd rot well be found.' In the oase of a small silo, and where it is desirable the whole mass ' should be feonr, presture of esme k'nd must be applied. . m m m « The pressure required per square foot of surface is not necessarily great, and may be diminished oonsiderably if the green stuff j is^ohaffod and thoroughly trodden down and carefullypacked, particularly ronndthe sides, la the proeossjof filling« When mechanical appliances such as I shall desoribe; are used, great pressure oan be brought to bear apon tbs mars; a pressure equal te 300 lbs. per square foct being easily obtained.' Bat this is not necessary, end so ch preasnre, if the crop when put inti the fli'o was not in proper : : condition, would de a. great deal more-barm than good. For sweet silage, to make whiob the. temperature bas to be considerably 'higherthan for soar, a pressure of 80 lbs. to 120 lbs. per square foot surface is generally sufficient ; and for eonr enálage, where the temperature has to be kept down a preasnre of 150 Iba. to 220 lbs. per square foot surface will be found ample. Much, aa I have said, depende upen the manner in which the eilo is filler1* and also on the na u e of l's oontents. It will be readily understood that a coarse < and some what fe cody eoop like maiga, erra " when chaffed, will require greater preasnre in ordSr'"tb eeourethe requisite exclusión of air, tban*tbe more tender bereals. The »implrs% though Haot always the most eenhonroU form rh whioh pr<Sinre can be applied, ia by d*ad wight. The earth taken ont in excavating j ' the fit maybe thtown back tin the tcp of the 'silage, or lögs or bricks, or stones, or any. thing handy may be used. C*re, mast be ' tabeb that the weight, whatever it is, ii Wt fra« atühft sid« s Of th« pit all round Si a* to ' allow its linking with *he mass. Wh*n alead ' ?eight is ahes a"' handy mashed is to get a i number ot empty keroaeaë tins, ór oil drams and fill them with oonerate inserting the One's of a pieoe "of v tout fencing wire with the oon orete in the form rf a handle. The concrete will set end grip the wire, and th* one will stick te the other as tight as " *rim death to a dead nigger.'' A whip can ba fixed with- out mueb trouble OTT the pit, and the; weights slung on rr off with very little . ¿rouble. Stout boards are laid on the top of j "the ensilage before tbe weights are put on,so aa tr> er-snre an erm p esaure throughputs The putting on and taking off of dead weight entails a good deal of loss of time, end me. ehaniosl appl .ances will generally be formed more economical in tb.3 long ron, thoagh thíir first cost ie mach greater;., The meenanioaT- appllMoss^mottly in use i s^swtf.sdj^f^ fc»1f»St£hg, aft^rng Jâ con,, frnasas piresssnrji;er«1sa have to be intermit, tmtty tightened. They aire all variations on either the lev*r-Cï-tb'ô sctaw, or a combina tion'if both. InrBiy article on staok-ensilage I describee* several-methods of applying the" 'pressure, both /automatic, and intermittent, and the applianoea used ia tbe pit, are rot very dissimilar. One of the earliest patents tak-o out, and a devioe that ls perhaps the j meet popular, even at the present time, is' the-mvsntion pf F. W. Beynolda A Oo. This consists of pairs of chains, each embedded in j 1he floor of the elle, being brought up on dp. polite sides and ^ meeting of er transvme be tms laid on top of the mars, and drawn to- gether by means of a sorew tightener or torn bookie, something like that ced in coupling railway earriage*. The appliance is thus described more minutely in a oironlar issusd by the firm:-A ohain is attaohed to the lower part of the wall of the silo, in any suitable manner, either by taking it through the wall with a pl+te and bo't on the outside, by weighting it in the ground with con. crete, or a'tubing it to a beam ; and on tbe opposite Ride of the silo a similar obain is at- taohed. While the silo is being filled the ends of these chains are thrown o »rr the wall, or bung on spikes on the sides. After the material is put in the pit:, covering boards are p'aced over it and a stout t'ansrerse beam is laid cn the top, st-ftabing from side to sid* of tie si'o. In th a inls of this beam braokets are fixed to carry move aSle r. llsn», over which the en is of tbe chainB from either Bide are lee1. Tbe ohain tightener is bocked into the liuk?, «nd on turning the handle of tbe sorew tho ends af the cháin aro drawn ol*srr together, causing the beam and covering of the silo to »ink, and so to press tho material. Pins are th n in- serted in a link of eaoh chtin te hold tbe beam down, when tbs screw tightener on be made to take a fresh hold on the efaain fer -further pressure, or fee remored a't^geth-sr. Any nomljer bf beams may be used eoc>rding to the length of the pit and the1 pressure rcqnired per square foot of surfnoe; bnt the obain tightener and pair <f roll, rs are re- moved from beam, to beam, s > that only Ons se' of tbe<e is sufficient for any ¿umber of s loe." Th»re sro a number of pressing gears on the market, bnt th-y are a'l, BB I have said, variations of the laver and the screw, and the above description gives a very good idea of them «lt, as far as power and its application is oonoerned. . « . . # There ls one point whioh I have referred to only in passing, and, that M the. sizo of the silo, lt is a mo«t important p >int, and one perhaps wbi -h I should have dealt wi. h earlier ia there articles. The eise of the silo Bhoald be governed by the number of stock to be fed from it. The dairymin who his only ten cows to fred for four months will not require a silo as large as the man who ie milking fifty h»ad and wants to ke«p t^em in full profit during the season when there is no living tlirg that is green except the new ohnm. To get the host resol s from tbe en*ilagf, it should ret bs tbe only feed, but be given in conjonction with something cleo. Fed alone, it is as far superior to dead grass, bark, rashes, atinkwood, sand, dried bones, fonoe rails, old elothes, tin oana and other unconsidered trifles whioh, as a rule go tt make np the poor oow's Bummer ration, ss plnm pudding ie to the heel of an old shoe. It will maintain the flow, of milk right throngh'the summer, and keep the separator humming when all the rest of Australian creation ie wondering whether this U this world or the next. But the dairy cow likes a mixed diet, and when the suoculent contents of ^ tbe silo are fed with a little hard stuff she just srnih s all over, and goos to orsam-making with a vigour that makes the dairyman assume his mest pleasing go.-sometbing-to-sell tacit! aspect and fed like buying hts wife anew dre?s,.and boots all roand for the youngsters, and a trip to tbs seaside, end jumping for very joy with beth fe.t at enos on the chest of his recon- structed bank manager and the ghost of an ovtrdraft that has wilted away into the far off distance of a hateful past. And the thermometer appears to fall as the per oentage of butter fats in tbe milk and the spirits (not inolnded in the new Licensing Act) of tbe dairyman go np. . When ensilage is ftd alone, with the adéi ionof thebrio-a brae I have enuraera'ed as being pioked up in the paddocks, 561bs. per day is reokoned a ration for the average siaed oow. When fed in conjunction with acme conobntrat«d food euoh aa bran, linseed, crashed, «ats, muse, peas or beana and a little real good hay-and thia paya when yen are running a oreamery -from'401b*. to 451bs; of silage is a good ration. For all practioal purposes it ie quit e near «enough to Bay that ene cubio foot' of silage weighs 451ba - a day^s -ration for an average sised oow ia eonjunoHen ? with : a tittie bardi feed and hay. -New,' I -w;ll suppose a 'tuan tntrnds keeping 10 oows in milk through <ths snnm*r afid wants to provide silage for them for ss'y Ave months. What will be.the eise of the pit required to preserve the fodder for them P . One now wjU consume during this titre 150 I cubic feet er 6,7501bs.; 10 cows will est 1,500 oubie feet or 67,5001bs, cr 30 tons 2 owt. 2 qr. 20 lb. No matter bow carefully the silage is made there will be S' me waste on top, bottom and sides, BB well as what is lost in feeding, and so we will add say 5 per oént. or a little more for this, and estimate for 32 tons. Tbe<-e is also shrinkage to be taken inti consideration, and wbeu the silo has been filled in a hurry; perhaps, and tbe stuff not very carefnlly packed, thia will be considerable.' 8o t vhs quite sure of getting enough ensilage .for the ten oows- the pit ought to be 10ft. x 10ft. x 17ft ide*p, which - will give 1,700 cubio feet. If this ¿were foll level to the top whsn opened, and e»cb cubio' foot of tho' contents weighed «Slbe., the pit would hold a little'' over. 37 tons)' but then, ás I have ' said, there -are many-little losses, whioh aré* inévit- able, to be taken into consideration. The «oat of eroaTating a pit of this Bise in dry,, hard-granad abd putting au Iron repr over it, would not j I suppose-counting every thing, whieb, by thé way, the farmer never does èxoeed ¿615; It might bs done for muoh lees if the farmer did oonnt everything, including the days he goes into the township to saw! -wood with the publican about the crops he is geing to get thia s»as<n. For an initial ont. lay of ¿615 th 3 farmtr stores np enough rreen staff to kenp 10 cows in milk for fire of tbe driest months in the y ar, and thi pit is there jost the same for next year too, and for many years after. It won't ran away. The hole Joseph was dropped into in Palestine about 2,000 years ago, is still in existence. It was shown to me by a very greasy Arab guide only a few years ego in an admirable state of pre servation, and I remember thinking at the t'me that it had kept sweet longer than my Arabian friend, and what a splendid Bib it would mike. Joseph's brethern must have thought it was a fine opening fer a young man to go into the dairying business when they put him in. I do not reckon the ooat of making this silage, that is outHng it in tbe piddock, oaring, chitting, filling and weigh- ing, bf>o*Bse it cos*s no more to do this than it d' es to nmke the same orop into hay--in fact ls«. The »ame pit, filled with hay instead of ensilage would bold about 16 tenn. Let me ask my dalry friends who read this one question : Would 10 tons of bay keep 19 cows in full milk during the months of November, December, January, February and March P It would not. And aa ona ton of gr-on sSaff gives only very little lesa than one t-uof silage; tte crcp to fil tho silo ean be groVn en 1«BS ground, whioh orana lesB labour. That tbe nutritive value of resi good bay (I don't mean vtr&w; oh»ff ) ia higher than ensilage I am quite prepared to admit, but it will not begin to keep up the milk flow, and if the dairyman wanta fo win, everything points te ens;|age as the nmns to be employed in et hvning the goal. It appears to me that the Yankees, who in dairying as in a good many other things, get up very early in the morn- ing, have solved the problem ef how the Aus tra'ian dairyman is ti make the biggest profit from his cowa-And that is by using silage all the year round, as described in a former article. The dairyman with 10 cows and two or three eiloB of the súe. giren above, according as the looaHty admita of summer crops being grown to fill them, will, I believe, find himself sitting right or Ar th« front wheels of the rar of prosperity. If he has 50 oows, so mooh ihn belter, all h» ba« to do is to mult'ply my Agares by five end his profits too. A man feeding his cows thia way, and located wit' in an eaay dietanoe of ' a creamery, or a railway leading to a creamery, ongbt in this oolony, as things are now, to be ia a fair way to independence in a few yews. Now is tbe time {to paraphrase the old prererb) to make ensilage while the sun shines. 