A DIARY OF PARLIAMENT BY .'IIE " SILENT Hbhiiku."J . THE RICH MAN'S INCOME AND THE POOR MAN'S BREAD. : "Wednesday Night. Tho division on the Incomo Tax resolution which the Government hopocl to be ablo to have taken to-night has again bcon delayed. Wednesday is, by the right of things, privato members' night, and unless the Houso unanimously agrees to give tip tho wholo ol tho time to tho Government, .private mem bers' business comas ou in tho natural order of thiugs at half past eight. Last week this time was willingly stu rendered by mom- bore who bnd business on tiro piper ; and to night the Premier uudo a further request to allow the Budget debate to proceed through tha whole evening. But Mr Shiels con stituted himself nu obstuolo. One incinbur'e objection is quite sufficient to frustrate tho giving up of tho time. Mr Patterson appealed to tho ex- Fremior to givo way, but was met by his own Karma lu tho shape of the reply, " Oh 1 no ; you your self fought with as on this very question when you were sitting on this side of tho House." Mr Patterson bowed tho head of tho contrite sinner and submitted. He Cried again on the motion for tho Chairman to Uaro tho Chair, but Mr Shiels refused to withdraw his objection, and tue debato had to b adjourned. The contributions to tho Budget debate woro brief, and not very important. Tho speeches wero equally divided, for end acntast th6 income tax. Mr Anderson, Mr M'Lean and Mr Bonnet: opposed tho tax, and Mr M'Kcuzlo, Mr Orattan und Mr Ferguson, though not enthusiastic, supported theGovcrnmont. While Mr Audrows was speaking, his predecessor in tho representa tion of Kura Kara, Mr Dow, occupied a scut in thu Press Gallery, and, no doubt, made a mental note very much oa all fours with tho remark the Ghost made about Hamlet's perfidious mamma: "O, Hamlet, what a falling off was there." Mr M'Kcnzlo'e support of the tax was qualified j by the not unimportant opinion that it was unnecessary. " I go unhesitatingly for an in- i coiuo tux," said the lion, member. " Hear, hour," eoundod the gutteral voice of the Premier, as a look of eatisfaotion stoto over his countenance. "But," added Mr M'Kenzie with his very next breath, "I am convinced that there is no need for any tax at all." Mr Patterson looked sorry that he had given utterance to that " hear, hear," aud the expression of satisfaction gavo place to the old scowl. The first private measure to come before the Houso whs Mr W. T. Carter's little biH to compel bakers to sell bread by weight. Timro ws very little difference of opinion about it; but there was about Mr Isaacs' Bill to Amend tho Law of Libel, which stood uext on the list, so a little group of obstruc tionists sat themselves deliberately to talk to tho clock until after half-past ten, when no iurther business can be brought, for ward. Mr Isaacs was naturally annoyed at each tactics. Captain Taylor and Mr Murray were tho worst offenders. Tho former talked to benches almost empty, ana mv rotter iiittuu juttua ui a peunia character, at which the strangers iu the gallery felt bonnd to Isngh. as they were so evidently made for their special amusemont. Tho blockers succeeded in delaying the Libel Bill, and at a fow minutes past ten thirty the Biead Bill was passed through all its stages. One ought to be glad, I suppose, that Mr M'Lellan appeared to be in quite bis old form agaiu. Hr objected to Mr Carter's bill on some unintelligible ground, and when Dr. Maloney adduced an experi ment of his own in support of bis argument, Mr M'Lellan replied, "The bon. member is very clever iu tome things, bnt In matters where ordinary common sense is concerned, be is vry deficient indeed." Tbe Dove of Ararat is oerlainly in good health and spirit when he insults somebody ; end the better ho feels the wilder are bu attacks. 