POLITICAL ITEMS. TJJC Labor party will opera ilifir j.'ojilir li campaign ill the metropolis tliis week. The cnnilMtUc's for the Toowoointja. conU»t wi'l be Messrs. W. H. OroolD, It. Aland, J. Fogarty, and Jos. Stirling. Mr. John Ferguson, although presented with a requisition bearing 300 names, 1ms declined to stand toe Rockliampton. . * * Every effort is being made At Cairns by tlie supporters of tlie Hon. T. J. XJyvnea to secure that gentleman's return for the electorate. At a meeting he'd at Warm last week, Mr. J. T. ljill, a candidate for Dalby, said:-"It is utter'y preposterous for working men to seek to be represented in Parliament." # * » The Roma Star says that Mr. F. II. Kates received a telegram front Allora oil Friday ask ing liiui to stand for the representation of Cud ningham in tlie new 1'arliamcnt. I'ii6 Obmrrer sitys the Ipswich workers ate ] carting their eyeB towards Mr. Wilkinson, the secretary of the Railway Employees' Associa tion, as a candidate in their interests. . « * Mr. Ilall, the member for Uuudabcrg, ad dressed a meeting at West End, on Friday, i held under the auspices of the parliamentary labor party, and urged tho workers to return | labor candidates at the coming detection, v ? . It is said that Mr. Unmack lias not a ghost of a show at Toowong. If he cannot have his own way in a certain society in everything lie resigns. This has been done late y, but the last time lie tried it on his resignation was acccptod with pleasure. Mr. D. M, Cameron, the Labor candidate for | Carnarvon, addressed the electors nt Goondi u iadi lost Saturday evening. His requisition, I signed by seventy-three electors, appears in the llclntyre Herald. Mr. Foxton will meet the | elootors during show week, April 5 and G,' » « . The names ol tho new Ministry (says the Toowoomba correspondent to (lie Courier) iiavo been received coldly and apathetically here, but considerable turpriso lias been created by the statement that (lie Agent-Generalship baa been offered to Mr. Forrest, and tbe proposed shelving of 8ir Jatues Garrick is Btrongly con demned. Tlie following (political tips are from the Maryborough Cltroniclf:-Tho names of Mr. ! John Forrest, John Cran, and Arthur Young are mentioned as probable candidates for Bundaberg at the general elections. The ballot for two candidates for Parliament about to be token in Maryborough by tbe Labor organisation will, it is believed, reBalt in favor of Messrs. Adam and Norman. » » * Tbe new Labor organ at Charters Towers thus exhibits its brutality" The carcass of Thomas M'Hwraith, consigned by the 8.6. Oceana lias reached Adelaide. It will be un loaded on the Brisbane wharves with a special cfabe some time next week. No doubt the Mayor and aldermen will shout it a drink." The same journal says that " Bodgkinaon and Cowley are going to retire from the Ministry." If they retired from tbe earth would they be misled ? U they retire in the seventh cirolo of Dante's inforoo, wouldn't they be able to sing *' Homo, Sweet Home ? " The Gjmpie Timet says their senior mem ber, Mr. W. Smyth, returned to the goldfield on Friday, after an absence ot about four months. He and bis wife arrived by the half past one o'clock train from Brisbane and were met at the station by His Worship the Mayor, same of the aldermen, and several prominent citizens. The Mayor, on behalf of the resi dents, extended a boarly welcome to both Mr. and Mre. Smyth and a general hand-sinking ensued. The trip has evidently benefitted Mr. Smyth for be is looking remarking well after his iengthly absence from th "field. ». » * Concluding a leading artiole the Maranoa Advocate of Saturday says:-"Those who de sire well for Queensland worid certainly wish to see Sir Charles liil'ey re-enter the stormy field of polities. However, the future alone can tell what changes are in store for tbe colony; and whether these changes are for the better or worse will depend upon the judgment and care taken by the people in voting at the coming election, for the qualities expected in our legislators can only be Beoured by the exer cise of lite qualities in ourselves. One thing is beyond cavil, M'Hwraith's pernicious in fluence should never again be allowed to cor rupt onr Parliament and bring ruin upon tbe people." * . » » Mr. 3. 3. Kingsbury, M.A., of Beale & Co., limited, has been requested to stand for North Brisbane, at the general election, in conjunc tion with Sir Thomas M'llwnuth, and it is understood that the Premier has endorsed the nomination. The Courier thus speaks of Mr. 3\. J. Kingabiiry, a oandidate for North Bris bane:-Among the many men whose names have late'y been mentioned as probable candi dates for North Brisbane that of Mr. J. J. Kingsbury is probably the most general 'y acceptable. A yoang man of eoholarly tastes and abundant energy, he hat on more than one occasion shown .himself capable , of command ing the attention of a large audience.. It mnst not be forgotten that, although vapid and cease less talk may be the bane of free Iqpslatures, our system is one of government by discussion. Nor Is it (he most competent speakers who usually talk much, but the reverse. Unless we are mistaken Mr. Kingsbury is a young man who only needs careful observation and expe rience in Parliament to qualify him for an in fluential position. A politician to be made a popsplouotts BUOCSSS inuet be caught younp, and there ere fat too few competent men in public life to justify the community in rejecting tho politioul addresses Of early aspirants of known ability and untarnished reputation. It Is understood that Mr. Kingsbury's sympathies lie with the " Liberal Party," which is an addi tional recommendation just now to his candi dature for the city. 