ST. MARY’S R.C. CHURCH. Th'-. Rev. G. Byrne celebrated eleven o’clock mass on Sunday last, and preached from the words, “And the eeoond com mandment is like unto this—thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." He said Christ used these words when asked by an enquirer what he should do to gain eternal life. The law of God was essentially one, and there fore the breaking of any one commandment involved the breaking of the whole. In this case, Christ resolved the whole of man’s duty on earth into two great commandments —love of God and love of the neighbor. God was infinite in all his attributes; he was infinitely powerful, good and merciful ; it was therefore but reasonable that we should love Him because of his own infinite perfec tions. God the Father had croated us ; God the Son had redeemed us; God the Holy Ghost sanctified and preserved us. It there fore followed that God was eutitled to our love not only by reason of His own good ness, but also by reason of His goodness to us. With man the case was somewhat different, In him wo beheld merely an equal, perhaps an inferior; a being like our selves, subject to many faults and to Bin. He might even bo our enemy. Nevertheless, we were under the obligation of loving him. And it was our duty to assist him in time of need. It often happened, no doubt, that people were reduced to necessity by their own indiscretion, lntemperauco was the fruitful source of poverty and misery. But while many had been doubtless compelled to fall back upon the charitable institutions in consequence of their own improvidence, was succour to be denied them on that account? On the contrary, we should consider our selveB in their place, and ask how would wo like the painfulness of our position increased by referring to such misfortunes of the past ? The inmates of the hospitals and other in stitutions participating in the Hospital Sunday fund had a claim upon the support of those who had the moans to assist them; and though it was impossible to expect tbit the response could be so good as in more prosperous times, yet the duty of contribut ing remained, and he called upon them in the name of God to discharge it. • Christ had identified himself specially with the poor, and came to call, not the just, but sinners to repentance. A great deal of His sacred ministry had been spent in healing the Bick. Any assistance given to the poor He regarded as rendered to Himself. The collection was the largest that has been received for some years. 