TALK ON 'CHANGE. A terrible account of an adventure with a snake and a pair of bell-bottomed trousers reaches me, writes " Woomera." The trousers, with their inviting looseness at the bottom, were just of the sort to tempt the snake of the imagination (a real snake prefers a log), and the narrow place at the knee just the thing to annoy him when he found he could get nothing but his head through and make him bite. This was the state of things when a party picnicking at Greenshorough, attracted by the cries of the rightful owner of the trousers, reached the scene. The youth was in suclh a state of terror that no one doubted the snake was there. A tune softly played on a- trumpet out. Someone held the sufferer whilst another lifted the leg and peeped up. Then it was found that the youth had almost fallen a victim to the two things lhe loved best on earth-his bell-bottomed trousers and his pipe. The latter, having burnt its way through the pocket, dropped, and was caught at the knee by the faithful trousers. The usual complaints are being made and justly, too, no donbt-about the pot hunters who will not wait till the end of the close season before they attack quail and other game. This is partly the fault of the birds, who presume upon the provisions of the act to tempt people who are out with a gun; partly the fault of the people who cannot resist the temptation when they happen to be out with a gun looking for sparrows; and partly the fault of the people who will eat a brace of quail when they can get them, and ask no questions. A deceased police magistrate, formerly well known in Beutligo, used to be very particu lar in this respect. He was very fond of game; but never would he eat it whilst a breath of suspicion attached to tile way in which it was procured. Dining one day at a hotel on his travels, the waiter told him there was some very nice quail on the menu. " Don't you know," said he, very sternly, " that the close season is not' over for a month yet?"" "Oh, of course, I know that, sir, but these are last year's birds, sir-pre served sir !" "Ah, then, under those cir cumstances you may bring me a couple of brace," said the mollified but upright magis trate. The secretary of the leading agricultural society was making out the returns of prize money for the year, these being the basis upon which a subsidy is claimed from Government. He explained to the new chum clerk that in the dog sections only cattle dogs were to be included, this being the only breed which the State recognises as having an economic value. Later in the day the clerk waited upon the secretary with a puzzled face and the inquiry, " Would you mind tellin' me, Sur, if you plaze, isn't a bulldog a cattle dog ?" Although this story has some close re!a tives in circulation, its genuineness is vouched for on the word of a footballer. Two of his comrades were training on the ground one dark night towards the end of the season, when they were startled by a sheet, which a sudden gust of wind Ilew over the fence- from a neighboring clothes line. At first they really thought that some passing spirit had dropped its cloak, and the talk turned on ghosts. "Are you superstitious, Dicky ?" one of them asked, and Dicky,who had dodged the truant officer in his youth as. cleverly as he now dodges the opposing players, said, after a moment's hesitation, " No, I'm a Roman Catholic.'" An expert in dairy plant and produce, Mr. W. B. Walters, C.E., has just retvrned from trips to Europe made for the New Zealand Government, and supplies informa tion on the butter, fruit and frozen meat trades. Australian butter, he finds, fetches a much much lower price than the butter of Brittanny. averaging about Is Gd per lb, as against 2s 3d per lb for the French brand. The reasons for this are to be found, he thinks, first in the defective packing of the Australian butter, even the latest boxes, now in use leaving much room for improve ment, and secondly in a prejudice against Itself. In fact, Blr. Walters states that quantities of Australian butter, after being landed in England, are reshipped to Brit tanny. and returned thence in pats as Brittanny butter to London. The butter, however, undoubtedly suffers during the long voyage from Australia, and Mr. Wal ters has patented a system for neutralising the ill effects of the period of transport. He has devised a system of pipes laid down with an exhauster, by which he claims that the carbonic acid and other deleterious gases generated by the produce in transit are ex pelled, and the air in tile hold of the vessel re-oxygenised. The Fifeshire has been fitted up with the apparatus, which will be made use of on her next voyage to England with frozen mutton, and four other ships of the same line have been similarly equipped. Mr. Walters states that he has also discovered a method of preserving the flavorand fresh. ness of fruit shippped to England, which has already been successfully tried. -' 