The Legend of the Cycle. , A STRANGE TALE. . Every sport lias its story (says Cijclinij), but hitherto tlio chroniclers of cycling havo overlooked an' intcrost-- ing legend which deals with a prehistoric- period of our uilivel'datly jjopliliir sport; and Which ib'ftny Germans chiiui as the invention of the cycle by a countryman of thoirs. Tlio startling events 'which wo aro about to 'narrate occurred nearly 250 years ago, and tho present is an ap propriate litiio for retelling. Tho works of Horr Casthaus contain particulars of a remarkablo invontor— a. namosako of tho contemporary poet ITcrkpff — wlio met with a tragic end. Unfortuna- tolv tho details aro too tnoairro to afford a reliable record. Howovor, tho inci- dont. took place in tho voign of Frodorick tho Great) who was boi'tl fit Cfilbgilb; Oii tho Spt'co-, 111 1 GliOy and died in i(ts8. Among .othftr., notabilities in liis army was a Kcrkoff, a watcl.imakpr by trade, n, Soldi or by. conscription, fnmed for liis height, which reached the goodly alli- Vudo of lift 8in. Unfortunatoly this iilado him conspicuous,' and in battle lie lost both foot, nnd returned to his nntivo villngo nnd original calling, pensioned 1 by a grateful country.' .Reduced to bo ing pushed about in a sort of go-cart by his wifo, who was long of tonguo ns sho was strong of arm, ho sot about devising a vehicle in which lie coul l move about without lior hoi p — nnd abuso. Natu rally mechanical, his watchmaking skill stood him in good stead ; and after long toil aud many experiments he at last htvulupnrl fv mrrMiinn <nnf-ntntmr 11 enrina of very strong springs, which could bo wound up so as to materially assist tho powor genofated by liis logs — or rather what remained of tllom — and liis arms. So long had ho boon, abput his solf-im- poBod task that tlio whole Co tin try side became interested in his scheme, nnd ivlion tho eventful day arrived for a pub lic trial of liis maehiuc tin oiioniious audionco assorablod. A WILD IUDE. Towards evening he turned out, and after , iuljustiiig the springs, oiling up, fthd oil ler manipulations which always scorn necessary on such occasions, ho started down tho village street, with his bolter-half walking in the roar. At first tho cumbo'rsomo cycio went stiffly, but tho invontor was confident, nnd botweou turning on another spring nnd increased arm power, his speed rapidly increased, aud tho crowd, sueli_ as were not awe struck, an ensy matter in that super stitious ago, "eheorod lustily. Tho old souiier was raaianu ; ins wiro was ion far behind. Tho speed continued to in crease, thon — too ialo I — ho remembered Iio had. forgotten to provido any tucans of stopping. Wildly did ho call to' tho spectators to stop him, but thoy were either too nervous of tho infernal inachino as thoy called it, or it was too quick. It cvon outpneod tlio champion runner of t lio villngo, aud liro began to lly from tho iron-shod wheels as they boundod over .the llinty road. A steep hill iu front gave hopo to poor Herkoff, but it ivns like a down grado to tlio doinoniacitl wlicols. A party of country people, roturniiig from a neighboring market', met liini on top of tlio hill. Thoy llod terrified as ho roso into tlio air, and thoy watched him vanish into spneo. Foarful was tho account thoy gave of his awful nppoaranee— oyos of fire, hair grey (it- was raven black whou ho mounted the fated stood nn hour earlior), eoat tails flying boliind, with n hnirerard. worn. and unoarthlv oxnrossion of countenance. On, on sped tho magic machine — nothing could stop it— nothing chock its wild eourso. Reports camo in from all parts of tho country of peoplo being frightened by a spectre on a (lying machine, rushing through space. A III,. VC'IC FOREST SIMiCTHE. At last only a skeleton was loft, but tlio bones hold togethor aud frantically worked tlio machinery, which, with- tlio lighter weight nnd absence of friction, was soon entering a deuso forost in Bohemia months aftor it had started. From this time it was soon but seldom, though at i ho beginning. of this contury it was often spoken of, and in soino very I'oinoto parts of tho Black Forest oven now it is rankod among tlio many ghosts of that prolific district. iSutlico it lo say that Horkoff was never moro heard of— ho did not oven' return to claim his patent — so thnt a check was given to cycle invention from which it did not rocovor for ovor Lwo centuries, and even n >w a I'oninaiit of bolief in tho tragie Tate of Horkoff is to bo found in the oxtra strong brakes fitted lo Gonniiti- tmulo cyclos — a point, visitors to tlio fatherland, and manufaclurors in this country have often wondered at, nnd which is now explained for the first time iu an English paper, . SuiisoRiUBKH to this journal aro reminded that subscriptions arc striotly payable in advnnoo, and that unlosa arrears arc paid up .vu cannot uadprtako to cqqtlnno to forward tho paper. > 