BAPTIST? " I < A special aervicc %m> held at the above church on Sunday evening. Tb« was eoinmenoed by the singing ofthe477tli hymn in Sitnfceys'. After prayer, the Ke*- Beeson"l»a.ii two portions of scripture— paft-otStTJohn's Gospel 1st chapter, and part of the Acta of the Aposties, 22nd chapter. Upon the .38th verse of the 1st chapter of St. John. the minister gave an excellent exposition<on ihe-word Bethabrea, These evehta(be^d)]wdof&rrea; whereJohn was baptising in aplalce wled in the English version Bethabarv -wiiieh means -"The hooBe i of crossing;" or, as -we might ssiy, " Ferryhouse." He said the Handbook to tha Grammar of the Greek Testament by the Religious Tract Society gave it—Bethabara, " House of the ford." Some fead Bethary. The Englishman's Bible Cyclopaedia gave it "House of a ford or"passage." See Jud. viii., 24, " Where John was when he baptised Jesus," which also means " House of a ferryboat"—a passage. The name means " House of pure water." A. MacLaren, D.D., says Bethabara means " Ferryhonse. No place cbuld^be more suitable for John.to immerse "the people than 'Bethabara and Enoa. . The place jrhere our Saviour is .supposed to have been, baptised is visited aunually. at Easter^ by . thousands of pilgrims,: who \ bathe in' the stream—not sprinkled byJthe Water—bot Inthe in . the stream like die' Redeemer of mankind who was immersed &'Its -waters by His :forernnner.'John lhe Baptist. After, singing a hymn -the preacher gave oat his text,-whicb wasfeom The Acta x., 47 and 48. and xyL, 14 and 15—" Can any .man forbid wattr, that these should' not be baptised, -which have received Cbec^uly Ghost as -well as we. And He .commanded -theih to. be baptised in the -name *if ; the' Lord." Cornelius was a man of prayer, a just man, and one that feared God. , Still he and his friends were not Christians; they were ignorant of the plan of salvation through Jesus Christ. Peter first brought before them the life, death, and resurrection of the Saviour, and whosoever lielievetb in Him shall receive remission of sins. While -Peter praoched the Holy GhoBt fell on them which heard the word, and they spoke with tongues and magnified God. He then commanded*them to be baptised. Wc see by this that baptism of .the spirit does not do away, with the necessity for the baptism of water, bnt is a reason for it. Some believers say " I" have been baptised-of the Holy. Spirit, therefore there is no need for me to be baptised of water.". Where did they receive this authority fromi Not from the word of God, that's quite certain, for these are commanded to be baptised that have received the spirit. The Holy Spirit always teaches obedience to the word, commandment, and example of Christ.. To those baptised by the Holy Spirit no sacrifice will be too great if only the Saviour is glorified and Bonis ars won to Him. The sublimest service we can administer to the Lord is believera' baptism by immersion. It sets forth the fundamental principle of the New Testament, the death, burial, and resurrection of the Blessed Saviour. Iha key-note of the Gospel is love and obedience—" If ye love me keep my commandments." " Can any man forbid the water ?" This question in the baptism of these Bhowe that it was the custom of the early church to be sure of the faith of those who wished to be baptised, and the reason Peter gave was they had received the spirit. There is certain evidence that those baptised by tbe Apostles were true believers in the Lord. The only sort of baptism mentioned in the. Bible is the oaptism of believers. Infant sprinkling cannot be found in the Bible, and is a useless service and robs God of His obeuience that is due to Him. The mode of baptism is by immersion, i.e., the dipping of the whole body beneath the water. In the 6th chapter of the Epheaiani to the Romans the whole point of the argument is thiB:—The waters of baptism are a grave; baptism is a burial; the baptised one is buried unto the likeness of Christ's death. There are only three households mentioned in scripture as having been baptised. 1. That of the J*iler (Acts xvi, 33.) But to his hoasehold the word was first speken '(verse 32); and all of them, we are told, were " believing in God" (verse 34). 2\. That of Stephanas (1st Cor. i, 16), of whose household it is said that they " addicted themselves to the ministry of the saints" (1st Cor. xvi., 15). 3. That of Lydia (Acts xvi, 15). In all probability Blie was neither a wife nor a mother; her household consisted of her assistants in the dying trade. Why then need we be bap- tised? Because eur Lord wishes it, aud commanded you to be baptised. Those who love Christ are not always asking " What must I do ?"' bnt " Whst may I do ?"' " He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved," (Mark xvi., 1G.) The church was crowded, and several were not able to obtain a seat during the whole service. At the after meeting a fair number of both sexes took part. 