THE POPES JUBILEE. ADDRESS FROM THE HIBERNIAN SOCIETIES. There is bow on view at the office of Mr. D. Young, the district secretary of the Ade-<*> laide branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, Morialta Chambers, Vietoria-fquaxe, a, joint address which is to t<o preiscnted to bis Holiness the Pope on thi : occasion of his Episcopal .TabUce from all the { Hibernian nocietiee in Australasia. The address i is a magnificent work of art. It is in large book form and is elaborately bound in morocco. The )!ev. .f. O'MaUey, J3..1., of Melbonrne, drew up the addreS? in Latin printed on vellum, and the following u> a tran?lation of the text; — "Address of the ILA.C.6. Society to his Holiness Pope Loo XIII. —Most Holy Father—For 50 years you have been, like another Joseph, overseer in the House of the Great King. The nations have wildly raged, and God bag permitted you to endure heavy affliction. But He ban been pleased to afford you come alleviation of your griefs in the love of your children, aod in their strenuous and continuous efforts to propagate and defend tbe faith of Christ. Deign to hear what we, the least of your children, have done in the viueyard of the Lord. In this most important city, in the year lSii."i, 13 Irishmen proposed to themselves to deliver their ftllow citizens from the danger of joining any of those societies rau<lemued by the Church. For this end they founded a society which should offer every advantage to be found in any other. To-day it embraces 7 districts, 170 branches, 10,7' X) members. To relieve pick or poor mem burs and willows and orphans of deceased it has an annual income of t3o,o<iO. and a re serve fund bearing interest of i^iD.ooo. Hat mindful of the commands of Christ we eeck first the Kingdom of God. Each one who eeek9 admission must produce a certificate from a priest that he frequents the sacraments and leads a good life, and we ate all bound to receive Holy Communion in a body tarise a year. Although our society i?non-politiual we cherish the warmest love for tbe venerable Isle of Saints which for three centuries sht-d its blood lavishly to prrserve iinmacu lata the faith it bad receired from St. Patrick. it is known to all that a powerful aid to the y.oung against the indifference, unbelief, and imiubty of the day, which it is impossible to avoid coming in con tact with, is this love of our native land, and that ho who blushes at the name of Irishman is very lil:ely to blush at the name of Christ. Tbe £reat*>£t glory of the Irish race i* that our fathers diiriup that long night of darkness and horror did and suffered E'.;eh great thioes for Jceus Christ. 1 our years ago your Holiness, at tbe request of oar president, bleeped our society. We beseech you to bloss it again on this auspicious occuskm/' On the outside corner ie a large cross tinged with red snd the words—"To our Most Holy Father Pope Leo XIIi, from his loving children, the members of the li. A.C.U.S. of Australasia, IS!)3.:' Oa opening the address tbe interior presents a beautiful appearance, being richly embellished. On the left hand side is a figure of his Holiness. Forget-me nots are interwoven with Rhamrockn. while there U a. fair sprinkline of St. Joawiiii's lilies. IVlow is a large painting of St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. In the centre is dis- played the Papal coat of arms, and on the right hand tide is the insignia of the Pope's office—the tiara, stole, and missal Then there is a chalice representing the Holy Eucharist, f«ur beautiful jnoturea typical ot the important incidents in the life of"Christ— His biril), crucifixion, resurrection, and a?oei> fion. intertroven with wattle blo.-som ai-e di«triliut«?d profusely, and are symbolical of the uuiun which still bind* the eons of Krin to their native land, though "ttas may possibly divide." On thfi right corner apjiears pictures of the Sacred Heart of Jesus and the Sacred Heart of Mary, wbile in tbu left corner there in a. reprerentation of our Lord crowned with thorns. I'nderneath the picture of the D'.efxad \'irgiu is a tburifer giving forth incense, and above the bead of ibe Mother of God is a dove eytabolical of the Holy Ghost. Paintings of fit. Stephen's Cathedral, Kriibane, tit. Joseph's, Dunedin, St. Patrick's, Mel-: bourne, and St. Francis Xaviere, Adelaide. I are also included. The borders of the address j right round are imprinted with tbe trefoil, j Th« work has been executed by Messrs. Vet- \ guseon & Mitchell, of Mellioume, according to i the design of Mr. A. Asbley, artist of that city. The address has been forwarded from Melbourne to all tbe Australasian colonies for signature by the executive of the Hibernian societies. Messrs. C. C. Hanlon, DP., P. F. Keogb, L?."V'.r., H. HiU, 0.P.P.. .7-C.HeaJy, D.T., D. Young, !).S., attached their names to the testimonial on behalf of the societies in this colour. The address will be conveyed to Rome by Cardinal Morap, who is about to pro ceed tbithc-r to take paxt in the jubiite cele brations in the Internal City. Hia Eminence will also take a congratulatory address to the Pop.- from tbe derpy of- Anssralasia. The address will be on view for a few days prior to its being returned to Melbourne, 