THE STORY ANDREW FAIRFAX. CHAPTER : V.—CONTINUED.. ■j/ne rouowing morning lie received a letter from JUr Finns, asking him to caU st his office-that day ateleven o'clock, when he would explain to Mm what his powers tohelp-hhn were. - - '■ Andrew was not late in keeping, the ap pointment, although' his heart did not beat with very high hopes. Still, he met Mr Finns very cheerfuUy, and tried to suppress his disappointments.' It was in a little room,nt the back of a printing- office, in which Ibatgentleman received him. 'Cer tainly there was no luxury in ihepremises of the Soho Times, The place was. musty, and ill- arranged. Cheat heaps of papers were thrown into the coxners of the room, while facing. a window, the only, one, was Mr Pinns**5esk. Therewere three chairs —a high pne>, suited to the desk; an arm chair, a greatidetd hofn, withftthe sprites showing; and , a' hair-seated one, likewise revealing jiffi'aniferial with" which it was stuffed. *Eke earpet had been new a great many yeM'bfefore/but' at present at was impossible to discover its-pattern. More over, Jn several "places it^ revealed the Mr Pmxffi wote a sborfc'gieaBy coat,the sleeves of which wefe shghtly turned up, whUeonhisfeefcwasapair of office slippers, which' had the advantage; of being- very ■ sSiy. »« Welk you've come,3' he said to Andrew. Yes, I've come.-" "y -''r *' And not thought better of it, eh ? didn't expect to eee you again. Why, you can see now the value of theiiterary pre feanon. It isn't worth a Straw, I tell you, not a straw. Gm'l" •" I hope it may be worth a great deal to me," said Andrew. " 1 hope so—yes-1, hope so. fiat do you know, young- man,"that in the whole of London, among the hundreds of newspapers that are published, there's not more than about a store that pay anything worth mentioning ? And do you know," too, that it's nearly impossible for shy one to get on the staff of those few ?" ".They must be written for," said Andrew, " and in time- " " There, there, it's just like me to seek to discourage you. Young :fellowy I'm very -foolish, very. As a rule I take notice of nobody bat myself, and I'm not-worth taking notice of. But when I saw you, 1 liked you. Why, I don't know, }>ht I did- Of course I did hot know what yon were up to,'bnt I thought yon must be "wanting employment. Well, it seems you couldn't get any,'and so 1 thought 1 might help ybu. Help you—ha h 1 Still you most do something. This paper ot mine isn't worth—;am—well, never mind but it isn't worth much." V alight J ask its circulation?" " Gircalation! Young man, know that that 1b an editor's secret. Never let anyone know the circulation of a paper, unless it's enormously large; always say it is the most widely -circulated paper in the district, there for best medium for advertisements; etc, .. " I see,"., said Andrew, smiling.. " Ah, hm, I'm glad you see. Well, now look here, 1 shalLdo yon no good, and you'll dojpie no good, that's certain; but there, do yon carete^help jhi *astar ration bnsioess like .-vlji. ' ■- - A " Yes, replied Andrew.. . Badly as he wanted to do something, it re quired an effort for him to give this answer. He hsl always thought of an editor as a gentleman, reffned, thonghtful ; while here was this-little' man the very opposite of his conception. "Are.youfohd of reading t" . " Very." "Novels?" V .. Good ones. " ".Oan you read French—German J" ".Yes." . ■. - i ■ " Gould yon translate a book from either of "I daresay,1 "Gm." Andrew looked at the little man, wonder ing what was coming next. "'Do you thinkyon couldwrite a review of a book?" " A review—why ?" " *' 1 have-books—of a sort-—Bent me "for review, f generally have them Biashed np in style." " Do. yomteview -them Yourself ?" asked 4hdreWj,thinking, ofthe.worth of hisopinion. *' No, f don't, bat the. feliowwho's 'doing that work leaves':me next week—and good riddance, too. I could maks'it half a crown a week more if you could Sake on that kind of thing." ; , " V® afraid 1 Couldn't," said Andrew. " Afraid—why ?" I'm afraid my literary judgment is not sufficiently .matured. I—I-—-?" "Literary judgment be hanged! You know whether yon like a book sir not. If yon do, 8ay,BOt aad say. it's thenovel of -the ^ ahd-if-you'ddn't, why, say it's waste ■of time' to read it. Use strong adjectives, and put themon. thick. "That's what people 'like in reviews."' "Indeed?" " Yes, Nobody j3ares_about reading the floaly sis of a book; shey want strong opinions. Adjectives very thick'" • *' I should like it of all things, but ——" " we'll see. . Nov? there a something1 else. You want to write, stories , " Vetj 'much. I should like to write a rpal novel, one that's worth. " You-couldn't do it—yet.. .Bnt if ever you do, yon won't get it read. Books worth reading don't get a sale,' The world of novel leaders like dash, movement, excitement. I know that to read or to write them is a waste of time ; hat that's what novel-readers want, Go toany of Smith's bookstalls and ask the clerks the kind of novel they can seU, and they'll tell yon what I've just told yon." .. ; ..... "But there's another class of readers than railway novel-readers.'' c > ■ v" ^e8» fwp"—and the lettle than puckered his forehead as he continued,— "There's the so-called philosophical novel, which is really humbug, and those are read by prigs who pose as thoughtful men, but who are nsgreac humbugs as the books they stead. Then there's,a class of novel almost unknown to you, but which has a larger sale than most of the well-known literature.'-' ■ "Indeed! What?" "The penny .novelette. Stories for the young. Books for boys, full of Tevenge, murder, ghosts, and all ■ that' kind of thing. They sell by tens of thousands "Indeed *' Yes., Would you care to try and write for these people—bah! But I'm sure yon won't." ; " What will they pay ?" T*y don't know. I'll take you to an: eiilxw if you like. I know you'll be dis gusted, bah ! of course you will, but I can't do any more for you." Indeed, Mr Finns was doing a great deal. BvidenHy. he was.troubling a great as to how he oould help Andrew, and only •real liking would have caused him to do it. " You -are very kind/' said Andrew, very kind. I know I'm not fit for very .much, and yon are doing me real service." " Humbug," said Mr Finns gruffiy. "" There, there, lef s go and see one of these •editors. Editors, bah!" As they left the office of the Soho Times they met a gaunt, badly-dreBsed man about fifty years of age, who greeted Mr Finns familiarly, but to whom that gesptjeman was vey dignified and very distent. "Here are those boob. I've reviewed them," said the man confidently. " Could you settle np now ?" " Very well, Williams," said Mr Finns loftily } " give them to one of the clerks." " l m off next Wednesday." " Very well, Williams, it—it is possible I may be in on Tuesday evening." " rd prefer the money now, if you don't object," said Williams; "and, besides, you know there are those " " Beally, Williams," said Mr Pinns, with great dignity, "I can't attend to such little matters now. I have business with this gentleman. I'll write you a cheque when I've time." " A cheque, eh ?" said Williams; " why, whatever——" "I,hope you'll do well on the Wcdiiesday Moon, Williams. Fve done my best for you. Good-day, Williams, good-day." Andrew looked at Mr Finns in astonish ment. . He had become dignified all of a sudden.. The little man seemed to swell ; with importance, too, and looked as though all the neighbourhood belonged to him. " One is obliged to keep.such fellows in their place," said Mr .Pinna ; and then, turning confidently to the yonng man, he , said,-'.'Williams b«j» been our reviewer." "What," said Andrew, " is public opinin to be influenced by such as he ?" Mr Finns became silent, and thus im portant. . . ... From that time Mr Finns regarded Andrew as one of the staff of the SoTto Times and while he remained on it the littleman magnified his office.- He never spoke, slightingly of literature ; he was never familiar. Mr Finns earned two sets of manners. One, blunt, grumpy, and free— this for his friends; the other,- important and reserved—for his subordinates. The two walked together along Fleet street, and, after awhile, turned up one of the narrow: alleys, which led ioto. a net work of others, and. here Andrew was first introduced to a phase of life of which he was ignorant, and to a literature of which he had not dreamed. 