THE LOST BOY, INNES, Found Again. Eleven Days Without Food. To the joy of everyone, the boy, Henry Innes, after having been missing and being lost in the bush for 11 days, has been discovered, in a very poor plight and condition, certainly, but not beyond good recovery, with proper care and attention. On Thursday morning, tho boy's father and his uncles, one of whom was Mr Bourke, tobacconist of Singleton, were about to make, us it was feared, a final and hopeless search of Glennie's Creek when they were met by Mr Andrews, bringing a message from Mr O'Brien, who is a settler old St. Clair road, about three miles distant from Mr Lethbridgo's creamery, to the effect that young Innes had been found, alive, and was then at Mr O'Brien's place. It appears that on Thursday morn- ing Mr O'Brien's son was bringing home some cattle which broke away in an opposite direction to that in which he wanted to drive them. While heading them again in the direction of home, he saw what he took to be an aboriginal (there being a blacks' camp within a mile or so of the place) drinking at a waterhole, and he was riding away without taking further notice when the supposed blackfellow got upon his feet, showing a white face. It at once occurred to young O'Brien that this was the lost boy, Innes, and, riding up to the person, he found his ideas were correct. Innes, who was very thin and weak and hardly able to stand upright, asked to be taken back to Mr Bower's, his employer, from whose place he had strayed, or to his father's, at Rix's Creek, but O'Brien, sensibly, having put him on his horse, walked with him to his own place, where he at once received every possible care and attention from Mr and Mrs O'Brien, and messengers were sent out to announce his finding to the search parties, with the result as previously stated. When Innes's father and party arrived at Mr O'Brien's about midday on Thursday they found the poor boy looking like a ghost. Mrs O'Brien had been giving him with great caution a little milk and very weak tea, and some fish in extremely small quantities. A messenger was sent to Dr Read, of Singleton, who advised that milk and water should be given with occasionally a little weak brandy and water or port wine. The first words Innes said to his father on seeing him were "I did not run away father, I was lost. I went up the gully and was lost." From statements made by him subsequently in answer to questions which were necessarily as brief as possible, young Innes said he went out to look for Mr Bower's horse and while doing so, a fog with rain came on during which he wandered up a small gully in the paddock which is about the only place in it from which MR Bower's house cannot be seen. He then found that he had missed the sliprails, and got through the paddock fence where he did not know where he was. He wandered on, however, looking for Mr Bower's house, and at night lay down with the coat which had been lent him by Mr Bower before going out, under his head. It was raining that night and Innes naturally felt frightened but he fell asleep, and on awaking in the morning found himself cramped and stiff with wet and cold. He then wandered on and on being as he thinks at one time two days without water until the night before he was found he came to a selection which Mr O'Brien had once taken up and aban- doned. Here were the remains of a hut and an old chimney, and there he found what shelter he could. He had just before coming to the place crossed a fence which must have been the fence of what is known as the Bower paddock on Mr Doyle's property. While in such shelter as was afforded here he heard a noise and thought he saw what he calls "Indians" peeping at him. The unfortunate lad may have been delirious and have imagined this or it possible some of the black- fellows in the vicinity may have been passing. He thought he heard them say "He's not here." In the morning he went to the waterhole near by to get a drink intending to return to the remains of the hut, and to lie down to die there. He had no food of any kind during all the time he was lost. When found he had the bridle with him with which he had started to bring in Mr Bower's horse. Mr lnnes remained with his son, and a message was sent to Mrs Innes whoso health had been seriously affected by the misadventure of her son. Mr Bourke returned to town yesterday, and when he left young Innes was improving and was sleeping soundly. If may be mentioned that Mr Innes had from the first declared his inten- tinn of not abandoning the search for his son, indeed he said he would not return home until he had learned something definite as to the boy's fate. It is also supposed that while wander- ing in the ranges, young Innes must have been for some time walking about midway up the hills, which kept him from water, and that at no time did he go to the summit of a range, or he might have seen the house of one of the settlers in the district. When found his clothes were torn, he was much blistered, and he had only one boot on. \------------------------------------------- To Ovwicohe Wiii?H ?????.—l'opi'or'u Qiiluim; uud Iron Tonic gives Now Life, AinHjtilo.Jte.ilth. Ne* c Mlty. 8,?ci,.11y in but. depr.,. tlliK climates or uialnrinna illstrlutH. I'.vorj'ouo should looji up btroutftli l.y takiufr rumier , * (Juiolno. tlio vorld-knowu Enjrliab Toutc. Bottloe ertry wiero. 