AN INJURED WOIMAlN. Another man also repented of the past and made up his mind to call that very day. That was the vicar, and to his surprise he miet with a cool reception from Dr. Lawson? who was the only person he could see. ' We do not want you, my dear vicar, .he said,' but should my patient express a desire to see you I will send.' Ashamed of having let the world shut him out from doing his duty he went hack to the village and metaphorically passed the rest of the day in sackcloth and ashes. Lord Revaine, whose better nature, long lain dormant, was beginning to assert itself, resolved to make the most of his father's de termination, and being suddenly smitten with a thirst for calling upon people ordered his dog-cart and did a round visiting. He called upon several families, among them those who were recognised as the most stiff. necked peop'e in the coutry, and the.chief topic of conversation was of course the attempted murder. He embraced every opportunity to say a word in her favour, and however distasteful it might be to some of his hearers, they could not, believing Rhoda dying, object to his praises. 'There are few women to compare with her,' he said, 'and I say there is a mystery in her life. She is higher born and better bred than most people are aware of. The earl is going to to call to-morrow to make inquiries.' The earl was going to call. It was no mere rumour, for his son had declared it, and there was much buzzing to and fro and talking together until the sun went down and it sank beneath the earth, leaving most of the great people undecided what to do. But the darkness brought news to Powers court. A messenger from Inspector Rachett who had returned to Comleyford came riding up, booted and spurred and sabre jangling, and banded to the hall-porter a letter for Doctor Lawson marked ' Immediate and private.' It was taken to him to the dining-room whera he sat at dinner with Sir Beresford. 'From Rachett, I suspect,' he said. :'Ah just so,' and he ran his eye quickly down some half.dozen lines. ' Well Doctor, what is it ?' asked Sir Beres ford. t. 'You have been right throughout,' was the .reply. 'Mat Ardant has been arrested, and " on being charged with his crime he did not deny it.' 'Is the man ill?' 'Yes. Rachett says he is ill, and is not likely to live for many days. You must keep this rom Lady Blane as you value her life, for she believes with all his faults that he is an honest man.' 'If she believes that,' said Sir Bereslord, 'I will believe it too.' CHAPTER XXIII:. Lady Clara on arriving in London took up her quarters at Pincey's private :and family hotel, and the proprietors called it one of the quiet places that our forefathers loved, but now being fast obliterated by the advanre of those gigantic buildings where a whole community can be lodged and boarded, where the patrons all have numbers not names, where electric bells that wake one's nerves to hear their trembling jingling have superseded the old-lashoned cuji and clapper and the servants trained like as army antt)lmost as numerous. ,.i'cey's turned up its nose at modern im provements and only tolerated the 'best people.' The spcrting man, so flush and free with his money, would not have been received. Had he presumed, to ask for rooms Pincey's would have been "full,' No needy adventurer dared to tosk into it, and commercial then, so gitfd with impudence, would have been ab. asbeb in its quiet, solid aristocratic precincts, Pincey's had people of its own and encour aged no others. Vesey Sutherland also took a room. there and he and Lady Clara dined togetherin her ladyship's private room,. There was no harm in that, for, although so. near each other in years, they were aunt and nephew, and Pincey's was satisfied. 'I wonder if there is anything in the even ing paper,' said Vesey, when dinner was over. ' Shall I go and see?' 'That is an excuse for a smoke I suppose,' Lady Clara said, ' but you may have your cigarette here if you like. I think I will take one myself.' ' Do you really indulge ?' he asked, 'Occasionally,' she said, and cigarettes were lighted just alter coffee was served. - Lady Clara was very pale and her eyes were restless but there was .nothing new .in these signs. She had shown them froin the hour of the discovery of the loss of Powers court. She took a little cognac in her coffee and Vesey, at her invitation, did' the same. 'What do you intend doing in town ?' Lady Clara asked. ' I shall be busy for a day or two,' he re plied, with a significant lock, ' That will take some time to do, for it must be well done.' 'And you think you can do it without as sistance?' ' I believe so.' What was between them they gave no name to, but spoke of it throughout as ' that' More of the conversation on that point need not be recorded. The subject occupied them quite half an hour, and Lady Clara had finished her cigarette and taken another when the waiter entered the room. 'A telegram, my lady,' he said. Pincey's eminent respectability was not shocked at a lady of birth smoking a cigarette, but Pincey's would have been over come if one of the female servants had dared to think ot such a thing. That servant would have been dismissed forthwilth. 'Thank you,' said Lady Clara, calmly. She opened it and read the few lines therein with an unmoved face, No answer,' she said. The waiter bowed and glided out as quietly as a modern ghost would have done. Lady Clara put a little cognac into a wine glass and drank it off as.it was without water. ' From Revaine,' she said. 'Indeed,' returned Vesey Sutherland, with his eyes down. 'Is he coming up ?' 'Shall I read it to you ?' 'If you please.' 'Lady Blane has been shot this morning and now lies in a very precarious condition. It is not known yet who the wretch is, but the police have a clue.' 'Good heavens I' exclaimed Vese,, ' what a terrible thing.' 'Now, don't pretend that you are sorry for her,' said Lady Clara, withll a sneer, ' for you cannot be so any more than I am, Why should you ?' ' It seems such a cruel thing.' 'Pooh, you are getting maudlin,' inter posed Lady Clara, with a curl of her lip, 'don't be a hypocrite.' 'I am not a htypocrite,' Vesey said, apolo getically, * but I at least claim that I am not dead to all feeling.' ' That is, you get frightened at the shadow of a thing. You men are brave enough until the push comes, and then you give in. You surely would not pretend to grieve for hier.' 'IHardly, And yet once upon a time 1 admired her, as you know, and the memory of it.crops up at this moment unpleasantly. However, I'll" not bore you with my feelings. . Lady Clara cast. a contemptuous look at him and ..finish'ed her. coffee.- Rising, she werit to the?e' wiidow; andlooked into the street thlrough tlie.venetian blind, separating to of the lahiths with her hand. Outside a httld inow was falling, "A bitter night;,':she said, turning back. Ishould not likel tobe poor and homecless now. ', .' Nor-I, 'replied Vesey, but I have been near it Ican tell you. 'That was' when our:uncle cut off your in come.' ' eS, I wenrt head and spent the year's income irina montih V, What I was to do with thie other eleve : was a. problem I have fortunately not had to solve. ' -' You have money now;i a fair income ?' said Lady Clare; inquiringly. '.Yes, say five.hundred I year. - '"May =-I ask fromn whom :you inherited it. ' The question brought a hot flush -to his face, and his 'eves fell, before her scrutinis ing gaze. She looked at him long and steadily and finally .burst into a harsh, grating laugh. 'I know,.' she said, ' where you get your money from.' 'If you know,' he doggedly returned, ' there is no need to ask any questions. ' 'That creature allows you it. She has given you an income and you have been mean enough to take it.' SWhat was I to do ?' asked Vesey, with a frown. ' She wrote to me offering it as some slight compensation for losing my birthright. It was.better than nothing and I took it. It was more than many women would have done for me, more than you would have thought of if my uncle had left everything to you. 'Tha,'s true,' Lady Clara returned. ' I would have given you nothing.' ' Between us there is no debt, 'Vesey went on, holding back his anger with a strong hand, 'you entertained me at Strathloneand I wrote to let you know what I saw that morning when I accidentally stumbled against the pretty pair coming out of church. I knew by their faces what ceremony they had gone through, but I took the trouble to get confirmation when they bad driven away. I wrote to you at once.' "And I wrote by return,' said Lady Clara, 'saying that the creature must not be lifted up.' 'Blane would have done it perhaps.' 'Let .him lilt her up now if he can,' Lady Clara said, with a mocking laugh, 'she may be dead by this time.' ' If so,' said Vesey in a low voice, ' sore body will have to answer for it.' There was a pause-he'sitting sulledly in his chair fighting with the demon tf re morse, Lady Clara surveying him in the same cold, contemptuous manner. ' I want you to take me to a theatre to night,' she said, suddenly, STo *a theatre I' be exclaimed, looking up with a startled face, 'Yes; I find no pleasure in sitting here, and I arn sure you can feel none. We shall only quarrel. Order a cab and we will go to St. James's.' ' As you please,' he said, and rang the bell tolgive the waiter instructions to-get a brougham from thie livery stables in the mews close by. An hour later the pair were seated in the dress- circle, wearing the :calm look upon their faces that goes so far to make the upper classes bear some resemblance to each other, .: And yet whmat:i.weighit there was on both their hearts. :A mountain would have rested m6re lightly ther6e. The play they witnessed was ' Black-Eyed Susan;" and .Vesey tried to follow it, and succeeded at last in being interested, but the end disappoint id him. '.I have been picturing myself in that fellow's place,'he said, as they went down stairs,.' and I really felt indignant in my sym piathy witli' him, hbut snielow I did not want a reprieve .-My idea was to get bhanged and be put out of my misery.' 'Better men than you have found that end,' said Lady Clara, with a light laugh. ' And women occasionally have had to en dure it,' he answered..: ' They both became sullen and spoke not a word to each other all' the way 'home. On arriving there they exchanged a cold good night and sought their respective chambers. Neither slept ;much: Lady Clara sat brooding over the fire until the smaller hours of the nmornirig were past, and Vesey, with a bottle.of brandy, hot water and cigars, made great efforts to dispel a gloom that had taken possession of him. But it could not be shaken off, and every few. minutes he would glance apprehensively round the room as if he.feared to find there some spectre that 'haunts the guilty mind.' Nor did the drink he partook of appear to give him nerve, for when the clock struck three he stirred the fire into a blaze and lighted two candles upon the mantelpiece with a trembling hand. The lamp he thought was burning low and dull, but it was really as bright as ever. 'It's a bad business,' he muttered, 'and I wish- No, I'll not wish about the past, that is a fools trick. I'll drink and drown it.' I-IHe had changed much during the past few months. Vesey Sutherland was no longer the upright, easy-going gentleman at ease, with nothing todo but to show his.handsonme face and figure about, but a man with the lines of care developing on his forehead, and quick, anxious eyes, such as those who are always seeking rest and find ing none, are accredited with possesting. He had changed and changed very much for the worse, ' I will break off my connection with her,' he muttered, as hlie at last, half stupified with drink, got i'to bed, ' she goes too far for me, He was soon asleep and slept until a late hour. It was eleven o'clock when he rang for hot water, and the water who responded to his ring told him, in reference to his in quiries, :that Lady Clara bad already risen, breakfasted, and gone out, ' Very good,' he said, ' bring me a cup of coffee, a little cognac, sand have a bansom cab ready in half an hour.' He dressed, drank his coffee, and the cab being ready for him be lighted a cigar and stepped in. 'To B!ihh's hospital,' he said. In a quarter of ant hour or so the cab pulled up at the door of the well-known hospital, land Vesey beckoned to the hall porter. ' Is Doctor Danvers in ? he asked. SYes, sir, just come. This is one of his regular mornings.' 'Take in my card and ask him if he can see me.' D)octor Danvers came out to greet him. He was a young man, not ,uore than thirty, with the bright, intelcligent face of the en ithusiast, and be was an enthusiast, in his profession. I How are you, Sutherland ?' he said. ' I haven't seen you for months. You don't look well.' .I have not been quite right for some weeks,' Vcs.y replied, and he stepped out and shook hands with the doctor. ' Been up late, balls, routs' and gay and festive dinners -' ' No,'not much of that, but worried,' They entered the hospital and Doctor Danvers led the way to his own sauctum, a room full of the interesting horrors attached to surgery. SNow,' he said ' if you can amuse yourself for an hour I'll give the rest of the morning up to two o'clock to yo'u. We have an amputation on too.' 'Don't talk of it,' said Vesey, shuddering I don't know that I can wait so long. I carne to ask a favour of you.' ' Well, my dear fellow, what is it ?' 'A favourite dog of mine is now so old that his life is a misery to him.' ' And you want to put him at rest?' ' Quietly without pain,' Vesey said. He stood with his back to the light, so that the paleness which had suddenly over spread his face was not marked by Doctor Danvers, who was also engaged in looking about the table. 'I can give you something,' he said, 'that will do the trick to perfection. Where are my keys? That confounded habit of mislaying things. Oh, of course, I have them in my pocket. Strange thing I always look for them last. I have something here that will do what you want. Only you must be careful in using it.' 'I will be so.' Trust no man with it. Two drops will take a human life, not suddenly, but surely. You might swallow it and walk about half an hour quite comfortably. At the end of that time you would be dead, falling asleep and waking no more.' 'Of course I shall be careful,' said Vesey, with a laugh, ' life is not so dreary yet that I want to sleep eternally.' Doctor Danvers unlocked a drawer and took out a blue bottle labelled 'Poison,' and looked about him for an empty phial. He could not see one. although there was what he wanted under his nose. 'I must get one from the dispensa'y,' he said. • I shall not be gone a moment. Do no leave the room or take your eyes off that bottle.' Vesey faithfully promised to do as he was told, and as soon as the doctor had left the room he took from among some papers scattered about the latter a small phial which had escaped the observation of his friend. Into this he quickiy poured some the poison and for the want of something better corked it with a piece of paper and thrust it into his pocket. 'Better have enough,' he muttered. When you have anything of this sort on hand it is better make sure.' He was sitting composedly in a chair when Doctor Davers returned with what he wanted in his hand. A. few drops were poured from the large bottle, and, carefully corked and labelled, the dangerous liquid was band ed to Vesey Sutherland. 'If you should not use it be sure the bottle is thrown away with the cork out,' the giver said. I will remember,' Vesey said. ' And now good bye. You are sure there is enough here ?' 'Enough for two or three dogs-quite enough for a man.' They shook hands, and Vesey. walked away with a light step. The possession of the dangerous little bottle gave him a sense of power, and for a reason best known to himself lifted him oit of the moody way he bad been in during the last day or so. 'It will never do to have two in a forgery business, ' he muttered as he strolled on,' and the band that does all the work ought to have the profit. ' So it is pretty clear that he had murder in view. Having once left the path of integrity for the quagmire of crime he, as a matter of course, every moment got deeper and now he was on the eye of being fairly swamped. And Lady Clara had fallen as low. That very day, while Vesey Sutherland was plotting her death, she was engaged in devising means of getting rid of him when a fitting time should come, When he had answered her purpose and could be of no' further use to her he was to be putout of the way as a.tool when used had better be forgotiten. And thus.it is, even in the world of sin and knavery. There is no real bondage .in crime, and where self- interest dictates the doing ot another crime it is too often carried out without the slightest hesitation. CHAPTER XXIV. Mat Ardant was brought to the lockup at Comleyford and the next morning was taken before Sir Towerby Browning, one of the county magistrates, on the charge of having attempted to take the life of Lady Blane. Very little evidence was offered. Inspector Rachett spoke to the finding of the handkerchief, while he could produce witnesses who would swear. that it belonged to the prisoner. He asked for a remand, and it being granted for a week Mat Ardant was taken to the county gaol. A great change had come over the wretched critic. How he had spent the time since he parted from Rhoda could be traced in his at tire-dirty, mud- stained, and torn in fifty places. His face was haggard and his eyes wild. When charged before the magistrate he stood erect enough, but with his eyes upon the ground andti his bands clasped before him. When asked what he had to say to the charge he said nothing, and after the remand had been granted he accompanied Inspector Rachett to the cab waiting without uttering a word. The inspector had oneman with him, but he was on the box. The prisoner and his chief guardian were the sole occupants of the inside. They had eleven miles to drive and the silence soon grew monotonous to the official. SA finer day than this we have not had for some time,' he said. MIat Ardant replied, not sullenly or an grily, but merely with indifference, to the ef fect that it mattered vwry little to him whether it was fine or not. 'You must have found it roughish knock ing about,' the inspector continued. 'Knocking about,' Mat said. ' Where.' 'Ob, anywhere in a general way, as you've been doing lately,' Inspector Rachett rejoined 'Of course, I don't want you to talk too free so as to commit your.elf, for whatever you say will be used against you.' I have nothing to say,' Mat replied, 'That'sa pity,' replied the inspector. 'I wish you had.' Y You want rpe to make a confession ?' 'No, I don't. I never wish any man to make it in a bad case. In a little one it saves a lot of bother and soon settles the busiuess. What a lot of trouble some petty rascals do give us to be sure. No. I would like you to deny the crime in a way that would make me believe you.' 'I will neither confess nor deny,' said Mat Ardant. 'I say nothing You may bang me, and I won't grumble.' 'Oh, it's not a hanging mnatter,' said the inslpector, encouragingly. 'although shooting with intent is serious enough. And. what the pretty creature had done to injure you I can't guess.' SShe has done nothing,' replied Mat. 'There you are,' said Inspector Rachett. in an argumentative manner, ' and that' 'an good as saying you did not do it, for you onre not a man with any miserable malice in you; and if you were discharged why- 1 'I was not discharged. I left of my own free will.' 'See-there now. And what could could make you do that ?' 'It is no use cross-examining me,' Mat said. 'I have nothing to say. Charge me with what you will. I have no 3efence.' 'Very well, very well,' murmured the in spector. ' You know best. Why, if I were in your place, having a regard for the lady-- 'Who told you I had?' Mat demanded. 'She didn't, I'll swear.' 'Oh, no. Nobody told me. I hit that as a bit of guess work. Now, having a re gard for'her and not liking to hear of her irnjured, you would naturally be anxious to give information, if you have any to give, about who did it. Now, your handkerchief being found on the spot points to your hav ing been about the house lately.' 'Yes I have been about the house many times, particularly at night,' Mat replied. 'I was there last night. You may use that against me if you like.' 'No, I won't. It means nothing to me. But if you were there this morning, say about eight o' clock, and you saw a woman banging about----- 'Good Heavens, man ! Were you there that you talk like that.?' said Mat, drawn out of his reserve. 'Ah ! It was so, 'said the inspector, sooth ingly. 'Number two guess, and a good one. Now, that woman was tall ?' 'And was wrapped up in a thick cloak and she wore a fur hat.' 'She did.' ' Ah! there you see there's no denying that you were there, and that will go very much against you.' 'You will use what I have been saying to you ?' , Very likely, ' replied the inspector, com. placently. ' 'What a mean, contemptible cur you must be, ' said Mat. ' Not that it matters to me. Pile up a mountain of evidence and get- me out of the way.' ' Don't )ou fall into the bad habit of jump ing at conclusions,' said Inspector Rachett, calmly, ' Better wait until you see the end before you quite make up-your mind about me.' He spoke to Mat seire'al times afterward, but got no answer, and when the country jail was reached he handed his prisoner over to the authorities there, bidding them take care of him, for be was "a valuable bit of pro. perty." 'And see that he don't lay hands on him self,' was his final injunction, ' for he's in a bad way, and I may want him again.' Returning to his office at Comleyford he wrote a letter to Sir Beresford and despatched it by one of his men. The baronet and policeman came back together. 'Lady Blane,' Sir Beresford, said, ' is so much better that I could safely leave her for an hour or two, and your letter being so ex. traordinarily mystical I thought I had better ride over to have it explained.' 'It never does to put too much upon paper, Sir Beresford,' Inspector Rachett re plied. ' Many a good scent has been spoiled by a letter being left carelessly about. Some body who ought not to have seen it has got hold of it. The fox has been warned and crossed water, which spoils almost any scent you know.' ' You say here,' said SirBeresford, referring to the communication sent to him,' that Ardant denies nothing. That is equivalent to a confession.' 'With some, but not with all,' the inspector answered, 'He is in a reckless way, and would just as soon- be -hanged for this job as any other, But he is not guilty.' 'You think not ?' 'I'd stake my nane. on .it, Sir Beresford. One of my men saw a lady crossiug the park and making for the road that leads to Haggat Station, which is next to Stratblone and your house.- Heedid not think much of it at the time, alnd made no' especial mention of it in his report, but he remembered afterwards that she hid her face from himn with a hand kerchief, and he thought she mioht have something to do with it.' 'A-lady ?'. said Sir Beresford, thoughtfully. Yes, a lady,' softly murmured the inspector. 'And it would be as well to find out who she is, and. for the sake of her good name let her clear herself of. any suspicion. Now can you tell me any lady likely to do it?' ' should not like to` name one,' Sir Beresford.returned, With a shake of his head. 'But is there any who is not friendly to your lady?' ' Well, yes. I know one.' Then there is no harm in naming her.' 'Never mind, Sir Beresford,' said the inspector. 'Name her.' Lady Clara, or Lady Sutherland, as most people call her.' ' Ah, then of course it ridiculous,' said the inspector, lightly, ' for I happen to know she went to London the day belore. So we will talk no more of her.' 'I am glad to bear you say so.' said Sir Beresford, in a measure relieved, ' for I have partaken of the hospitality of Strathlone, and I shonld not like to give the earl or his family the least trouble or annoyance. 'People as a rule have very little trouble that they don't bring upon themselves,' sagaciously remarked the inspector. 'Well, sir, is there no other woman likely to have a feeling of spite rigainst your lady ?' 'None that I know of, here or elsewhere.' 'You have talked to Lady Blane about it?' 'Yes, and she can think of no one who would injure her wilfully. 'Not even the man in custody ?' 'Lady Blane is perfectly certain of his in nocence.' Well, it's not a clear case, but I will endeavour to make it so before I have done with it,' the inspector remarked. 'There is nothing more I have to.troub!e you with, Sir Betesford, and I'm more than obliged to you for coming over. It has spared a lot of trouble and delay.' Sir Beresford left, and the moment he was gone the inspector struck a small band bell uplon his desk. In response a quiet, grave-looking man, with something clerical' in the cut of his clothes, glided into the office from an inner room, Dobbs,' said the inspector, 'I have a job for you, one after your own heart.' ' I am gladto hear it, sir,' replied Dobbs. 'I'm rather dull and want cheering up.' *Do you know Lady Clara and' Vesey Sutherland ?' ' Both, sir.' They left for London ihe day before Lady Blane was attacked. You must find out when they arrived and where they bhalted, if at all, by tbe way. All you gather you must wire to me as you obtain it.' ' In the usual cypher, sir ?' ' What else would you send it in, you dun. derhead.' ' Very good, sir.' Mr. Dobbs bore the reproof conveyed with meekness and piatience. He understood his chief as well as his clhief knew him, and per haps a little better. A great deal that Dobbs knew he kept to himself. Ravenlike he had certain morsels bidden away over which he gloated alone and never intended any other man to see if he could help it. TO 15 CONTINUE?r, 