Keep Out of the Past. Keep out of tho past I for its highways Are damp with malarial gloom ; Its gardens nre sere, nnd its forests are drear, And everywhere moulders a tomb ; Who seeks to regain its lost pleasures FimlB only a rose turned to dust, And its storehouse of wonderful treasures Is covered and coated with rust. Keep out of tbo past, it is haunted, He who in its avenues gropes Shall find there tbe ghost of a joy prized the most, And a skeleton throng of dead hopes. In place of its beautiful rivers Lie pools that are stagnant with slime, And those graves gleaming bright in the phos. pborous light Cover dreams that wero slain in their prime. Keep out of the past 1 it is lonely And barren and bleak to tho view, its firea have grown cold, and its stories are old, Turn, turn to tbe present, the new I To-day leads you up to the hill tops, That arc kissed by the radiant suut To-uay shows no tomb— oil life's hopes in bloom— r And to*day holds a prize to bo won. ' ? —EH a Wheeler IVi'cox Tlio son of a butcher had great difficulty in fractions,- although liis teaclicr did his best. 'Now, let 11s suppose,' said tlie teaclicr,'' that a customer caiuo to your father to buy fivo pounds of meat, nnd your father only had four to sell— wlint would ho do ? Why, he'd keep his hand ou tho meat whilo I10 was weighing it,'' was tho candid answer. Saw the Thing Through.—' How aro *ou, Charley,' said one traveller fo another m New South Wales. ' Wliero havo you been?' ' Been visiting.' 'Wliero?' 'In Sydney.' 'Indeed! I supposo you went all the founds.' 'You bet I did.' 'Saw tbo Parliament Houses and went down the harborand all that 8ort of thing ?' 'Yes, nnd I was down in bed for two weeks with malaria. Oh, I toll you I didn't miss any of it.' Tho Other Ono-—' So you havo got a itcp-mothcr ? ' she said to the little girl of Mvcn. ' Yes.' ' Well, I feel sorry for you.' 'Ob, you needn't do 'that,' replied tho little ono. ' Please feel sorry for pa I ' A cheap thing in summer hats— a dude's head. Philosophy That Means Woll ? ' My dear friend, how were you able to acquire luch an immense fortune?' ' By a very simple method.' ' What method is that ?' ' When I was poor I made out that I was rioii, and when I'got rich I mado out that I\ was popr.' . 