THE SEIZURE OF THE CUTTER " METEOR." EXTRAORDINARY PROCEEDINGS AT MALLACOOTA. The local correspondent of the Snowy River Mail fumisheB that journal with the following account of the proceedings in connection with the seizure of the'cutter Meteor, references to which; 'Obtained from various sources, have «irs»dy appeared in the columns of The Mercury :•— An abominable act of tyranny has been enacted in thia district by the Customs officers of the border. First, however. I inust state tbat through tha kind intervention of Mr H. Foster, M.L.A., a circular was forwarJed to all the border Customs officers, by the Commissioner of Customs, instructing them not by any means to deal harshly to the inhabitants o£ Mallac-joti, Genoa, Bendoc, etc., in respect to their crossing the border witii the absolute necessaries of lite, such os fl.mr, tea, sugar, boots, etc. In the caie I am about to describe, the officers concerned acted quite regardless of such instructions. On the 13th inst. Constable Johns, of Bendoc, accompanied by a man named Porter, Customs officer at Bendoc, and two othi rs, one named Cobb, and a Mr Deane, a solicitor from Sydney, came to Genoa, travelling t) \^allaconta the next day, and crossed tbe inlet in a boat to Mr Dorran's, a selector, on the eaBt coaat of tbe inlet, Oif Sunday afternoon, the 18th, the four abuve named, with Mr Dorrao, started to visit the Bonaug e.g., which they saw CTOBS the bar. On arriving where the Bonaug was moored, they were surprised to see another s.8., the Waratah, anchored at the FisherieB Reserve; both being engaged in taking Ball for the Melbourne market via, Bairnsdale, Close by was also a small three-ton boat or . cutter, owned by two brothers, MfSBre W»rran Broa., of Twofold Bay. Porter, the Customs ofhuer, insisted on being put on board tiie nut- After questioning the owni-rs. the whol» party went back to Mr Dorran's (a house of accommodation): but aftet dark. Porter, the conatHble, and Cobb returned to the cutteraud at 8 p.m. seized her and her cargo. C"n- BiBtmn of flour, tea. sugar, etc.. and nine pairs of boots for Mr HairiBoa. a struggling selector on the sea beach at Mallacoota. Mr Harrison had mentioued the day before the al of the boat tbat he intended to pay the duty if demanded. Tbe remainder of tbe cargo, as far as I can learn, was consigned to Mr Bocknall. the storekeeper, of Genoa-River. Wben the boat was seized, the Customs officer (Porter) left tbe man Cobb m possession of uer and her cargo. On the following day (Monday) Cobb took tbe boat to Gipsy Point, twelve uilea up the Genoa River, to Mr Bucknalls. - Cobbslepton board the boat that night, and the next morning took her back to Mollacoota,—why. or what transpired at Gipsy Point,, has not come to my-knowledge. On Wednesday, 21st met.. CohBtable Johns- Porter, and Cobb, wbo was in possession of tbe confiscated boat and cargo, and some other parsons, went away some miles to the upper lake, selecting sices co put uo huts under the authority of mining rights -(which appears to me a gross abuse of such rights, the selectors not intending,to live on the land, as their vocation and homes are at Bendoc. 80 or90m>les distant. .1 think this deserves inquiry into by - the MimBber of Lands: &< such tints on the frontage of the miet andlakes would bea grave - .nuisance should the .sbor&laods; beimade available for selecbion.;as it,as anxlonsly anticipatud v: they w II soon be thro gh thefnteliigent 'act on £ 1 the hon the M • ster of Lands} On the party ret rn ng to tbe nlet tbey found the •: cutter waBgone. Ihe owuerB. seeing eho waa abandoned by the man in possession, went aboard, up anchor, and cleared out to sea: Wben tbe officers came back they were mortified to think thac- through their neglect • they had lost such a pr.ze and such an -opportunity nf practising the tyrannical regulations of the CustomB collections of the border duties: regulations that tend to starve the poor inhabitants, besideikeepmg tuem in a aoDtimial stats of janxietv and apprehension of seizure. fineB. imprisonment, starvation, and ruin. On-, the Thursday the officers proceeded to. .' Gabo Island, and saw the cutter. fail* a short distance . off -. . she ' having head .wind, had remained at Gabo : harbor, oil. . the : previous .'night. . The . officers tlitew <ip their handa frantically and-, signalled for . tho cutter to return, but this did - net agree-with the owners intention and they kept onitbeie voyag^-preBumedly to -Twofollj Bay to get their clearance certificate (which they -tried to. procure from :the Custom-houB& .officer there before they sailed.-but-he baa just previously driven away to attend a ball at Pamhula. 12 miles away, BO it bemg a noitberly wind, fair to Maliaooota. thfcy sailed without • it):: not having tbis, document -seems to have been -the excuse of: seizing the boat on bcr »r al n V c o n wat r « :As;theiboat4idnintxemrnrii cannon was-dts-'' cbargediromthe ©abo'lightbonao. by^aatMiei t ons of the Custom ffi Wheth he' canhon was shotted X cannot Bay b t the two men n the boat ev deu ly th ght t was Jot tbey were-seen to croueh down -m the b»t an3 ' hide themselves.' The officsrs. with tbe'bgbt. house men. iihen gave chase in the hghthousa ; wheo. it getting late, tbe c-PhiUBtmes" had : return tOiGabo where vthe'lighthoiisemeuihad.-.: the r-own d e to pe fo m Coastable JobDB. BCEoiDpiiDied'by one of Me Dorran's soUB started for Twofold Bay- hfe in-.V :tention"being.to;o,treat-thenwnerxiItUe'tntteifor teal ng-governbseht p oparty 4ucl ep pe » •; h ms If of the cUtt r and ts contest T! 0 «woer of thee (ite waB engaged liy the «es : : dents of th di6t ct & br ngih® good ani yet he C atoms office s wa e^bo t eelUhatf cut er and *c rgo to the fc ghost b Sde I£5-. these twraecu'tingptocoedings a e not® diBginof~' to Votona I know 1 not what could iB JXbe-i C Btoms officers jra all toilame <why didthej^f not %old posaess ahd SlndSor luat uct on*'{ fcom the Melboutnt depattSnenti ^ 6 nee wr tipg'-Mffl 0> e I haw Jen r t tbat DELIST «6HNB WS TBEINANIWTIO.-IELT^E | utte tfttake catenae If Jtollho jpolc boat , it TwebldOBay and ieoicbnt) iur coalit Dwtb lind -isouth »Jh t wiW 1 xio sighe b«hetnnaway ,3 m: t( 'M Cr^c*SnS- fc wae *x*tb sSbsb siesummer S9S& 