Turf nit By " St. Eloy. ■ 'J'he tradition that Caulfield never postpones wim rudely broken down last Saturday, when the terribly wet weather necessitated adjourning the Guineas Day's racing until last Wednesday. Certainly the V.A.T.C. has had more than a fair share of liuo weather for its racing fixtures, and so Mr. llarrie Smith may put^up with the disappointment without much grumbling. Although the weather was liner on Wednesday than on Saturday it was exceedingly boisterous and unpleasant, nevertheless there was a full average Caulfield attendance on the heath, when the fifteen coloured for the Caulfield Stakes began to weigh out. It required very little con sideration on the part of the public to pick a favour ite, when it was found that Hrockleigh was among the starters, and he wont out at 7 to 4. Hackers had some misgivings before the race was half over, when they saw the great Newcastle horse suddenly lose his place and fall to the rear, leaving Tort Admiral, who was cutting out the running, with a most pronounced lead. Just when The Admiral's brother appeared to have settled everything, Brock leigli came again, and assuming command at the distance, won comfortably by a length—a perform ance, which, judged by the calibre of the horses behind him, was full of merit, but which, weighed by the efforts of most of them to command the roar, cannot count for a great deal, in considering its bearing on future events, Last year the same sort of farce was enacted, and it is a great pity that the stewards have not acumen enough to distinguish some, among so many non-triers, and make nn example of them, Vakeel proved ajdisappointment, joing to Port Admiral, who, if his the second honors going running is true, must enhance the chances of JVul ham for the Caulfield Cup. Whitefoot's perform ances in Sydney entitled him to the position of favourite in the illegitimate event at Caulfield, and lie was backed down to 2 to 1. Leonardo figured next in the quotations, and none of the others wore backed to any extent except Maori. The race was one of the most peculiar ever seen, for Whitefoot and Leonardo cleared out from the field soon after the start, and nothing else over had the ghost of a chance. Whitefoot always had something the best of the struggle, because Leonardo invariably lost ground at the jumps, and though his superior pace always enabled him to get on terms again, the succeeding hurdle always had the same retarding influence. Such a wear and tear struggle would defeat any horse, and when they got in aline for home Mr. Gollan's bay was done, and "Whitefoot won eaBily by a length. Neli, who was third, was twenty or thirty lengths off. The largest field that has over disputed the Caulfield Guineas i'aeod Mr. Godfrey Watson on Wednesday, but it would bo hazardous to state that it was tlio best field that competed in the event. Great interest was attached to the running from the fact that most of the three year-old cracks, whose form is so uncertain, and who will iix a couple of weoks do battle for the Y.K.G. Derby, were engaged.' Pulvil had most admirers, although at the start Patron's friends made it strong demonstration in his favour, and caused supporters of the syndicate horse some disquietude. Pulvil, Aquarius and Delaware cut out most of the running, whilst Patron occupied a position in the roar until lialf-u-mile from home. He then came through his horses, and at the turn was in a fair position. Pounuiuu led to the distance, when Patron bonded him and seemed to have the race won until The Sailor Prince came on the scene, and with grout brilliancy began to overhaul Mr. Purolies' colt j the effort was made too late, and Patron got home first by a neolc. Tliero can be no doubt that had the race been u very few yards further the verdict would have been reversed, Whatever light the result of this race may throw on the "V.R.C. Derby, it sooius plain that in tlio larger event Mr. Cook's colt must win, especially when it is recollected that the whole of Patrou s maternal lineage indioates paoo rather than staying qualities, and in this way Patron's clefoat by Moscow would bo easily accounted for ovon if Moscow luut not turned out such a first rate goor, Pnlvil'a defeat is accounted for in some quarters by the fact that the Chester's will not race in adverse elements, and Cmnoola's poor display in the Catii field Stalcos is similarly exousecl. Granting that some exouso may bo made in the way suggested, 1 am inclined to believe that Pulvil is unreliable. Pounamu, who was, perhaps, the best-looking liorsi ■S., f 1,,. 1 „ i-.. <> a lilJJ in the race, performed very respectably, and us his condition is suouoptiblo of considerable improve inont, ho must not bo overlooked in blue ribbon possibilities. Carnage was clearly not ready, and though the same lomarlc does not apply to Aquarius, I am inclined to think t'lHy ho was net Been at his best. Little need bo said et tlio Steeplechase, which proved a gift to Milcndo 1.1.., who dofoutod Knight, of tlio Gartor by hall'-a-dozou lengths. History repeated itself in the Debutant Stakes when JYIoorito, a full brother to OouSo<iuouoo, who ran a dead bout with Lady Petty the event in I.M87, wus returned the winner, .I'liridsfordo and budy's Maid ran web but the favourites, Athutu und Porw.iird get iuvi o badly ami were never prominent, 'Backers fcC-'j; l'acor witli t he Tooralc Handicap owing to tlio huiUWj return to form of Titan, nothing bub Uuryun, wbo return to form of Titan. The public would wuu i lie tailed favourite "t 0 to h whilst Bel Giiorno was well backed by his narfcy for a good sum. Warpaint was slightly svip Tinrfced and 10 to 1 could be got about Titan, but ported, and 10 to i couia oe got aoout utan, but Mr. Donald Wallace regarded him as such a rogue that he did not put a penny on him. Repudiation cut out most of the running, but when Titan was cdven his head he romped away and won easily by a Tength from Bel Giorno. It is understood that Mr. Wallace sent Titan into Scobie's stable to be trained as a hurdle racer, but he soon developed his old flat form under Scobie's care, and report states that he is lemarkably fast and sound over any distance up to a mile and a quarter. Enquiring backers may now understand why he was scratched for the Cauliield Cup, li miles, where he had only 7st.T3lbs. to carry and won the T'oorak Handicap of ,i inile in which he was allotted Ssfc. Gibs. Nothing is exercising the minds of the sporting public just now, so much as the Caulfield Cup. The acceptances which closed on Tuesday last, left 31 still in the list, and I suppose all of them.lvave a chance. I will touch lightly on the lot, beginning with Brockleigh who stands at the head of the handicap, carrying 9st. 81bs., which includes a penalty of 141bs. There can be no doubt about hrockleigh's ability to gallop and he can carry weight, as witness his victory in the Welter Han dicap at the Kandwick Autumn meeting, when lie carried lOst. 2lbs. and covered a mile in lmin. 41 i sees. He also easily carried 9st. in the Caulfield Stakes. He must run very forward in the Cup, although the going is sure to be so heavy that he will be impeded considerably. Fortunatus has many' friends despite his 9st. 5lb., but good little horse that he is, I think he is asked to do too much for his. inches. Sternchaser has accepted, but he is not in form to be a sure starter. Realm has a number of performances to his name and carried 9st. 31bs. to victory in very good time in the Autumn Stake at Kandwick, beating The Admiral, Oxide and a good field of weight for age. But 1 fancy that he is held safe by the next on the list, Wild Rose, who is a very smart mare, and to whom 8st. I2lb. is not a burden. At Cauliield in August last, she won the Armadale Handicap, 1 mile 3 furlongs, with Ost. 3lbs. up, and covered the same in 2m. 27|secs. On that occasion Sanfoin, 8st., was second, but now the ihare meets Sanfoin on 41b s. better terms, so she should hold him safe and should certainly run into a place, if she does not absolutely win. I do not fancy Tar-, uoola, and I hold that vakeel is an overrated horse. Graduate is a good average performer, but I cannot trust him for a race like the Caulfield. Oxide, if he could shake himself free of the family ill-luck might do very well, but although ho is reported to be very well just now, his performances do not recommend hitn. If Greygown were the Greygown of old, the race would be a one horse one indeed, and, as Titan has set him an example, the grey son of Vespasian and Grey Esperance ihay i«h fivaf, Tiiif: if. wnitlfl fin n. o*t*nn.f. om'BPi'ao Silmnlrl finish first, but it would bo a groat surprise. Should Donation win, the syndicate will have to explain the reversal of form satisfactorily, but there is not likely to he any necessity. Tridentate is reported to bo out of form just now, but Moss Rose, judging by her win the other day, should have a good outside show. I think Port Admiral will find the weight and the distance too much for him. I know nothing good of Beverley, and Newman's chances of success are bused on his win in the Autumn Stakes at Fleinihg tou with 7 st. 2 lb. up. I believe that 8 st. 2 lb. fuivly accounts for him. If Donizetti displays any thing like the pace he displayed in his races as a three-year-old in Queensland he will be very hard to beat, and in knowing circles he is spoken of as hav ing something more than an outside show. My estimate of his chances iB fairly represented in those words. John S. may be passed over, and I think Sanfoin may be treated in the same way, for Wild ltoso at least must hold him safe, and he laoks bril liancy. South Australians have made no uncertain move in support of Fulhum, who has won a number of races, mostly over six furlongs, but the perform ance upon which he is receiving so much supjjorfc was the winning of the Birthday Cup, li miles, carrying 7 st. 10 lb. The timo, 2 min. 40i seo., would only have won one out of the last five Caulfield Cups. Since then Fulham is reported to have im pvovod considerably, and at 7 st. 13 lb. the five-year oid should bo'very close up at the finish. Nothing that I can seo, however, in tho whole handicap com pares with Jeweller at 7 st. 12 lb. Still it is a mystery why Jowellor's party should go for the Caulfield Cup, when their horse has Gibs. less weight to carry in the Melbourne Cup. It is possible that the son of Splendor and Souvenir may not bo partial to more than a mile and a quarter, the distance of most of his wins. Nevertheless, Jeweller is a glutton in the mud, and as Caulfield will probably bo to his liking to-morrow, 1 shall pin my faith in him. l-larb ington made uo show in tho last Caulfield Cup with lib, loss, and as ho has done nothing since, .1 must puss hhu over. All There is too uncertain to trust, l'ippin will havo to be a very much-improved horao to take tho Cuultleld Cup, ami Division, tho oariy favourite, will probably bo found wanting. 1 uo not think Tim Swivelior is brilliant enough to wiu, nor do I regard Lord Gronvillo as dangerous, but I cannot say tho same for Moscow, ivhouo consistent running over the . — """i u -«ivuu in tivu i/ i iiiiu '* c *■' ' v*' Ututunco ,'iud light weights must give liiui a splendid Snow, Somuiluquiul and Crossy do not rooouuuond tHioiuuolvos to me, nor does Stratum, although lie lius 1 ' p1 UUI HUl'CJ PbniilliliUi MW icon backed a good dual. Tliat completes the list in ^,V'lu'fluid Cup ouudklulos uud my soleotiou is r? it5-"1, Jeweller j 2, Muuouw 5 3, Wild Roue ; l' ulharn next and Luniaetti us a good outsider 