THE SORCERESS. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. All Rights Reserved. CHAPTER III. 'i It was jusu two days after the interview in tho wood described above that the Kings- ward party got under weigh for home, accompanied. I need not say, by Aubrey Leigh. Bee luid not told him of that chance meeting, restrained, I do not know by what indefinite feeling, that lie would not care to hear of it, and also by the sensation that slio lmd as' good as told the lady, who was so very disagreeable and impertinent as to laugh, what change had taken place in Aubrey's sentiments, and what she had her- v4 gelF to do with that change. It was so . silly; oil, so silly of her! and yet she had said nothing, or next to nothing; and there was no reason why she should not have said whatever she pleased, now that the engage ment was fully acknowledged and known. Indeed, if that woman were in any society at all she must have heard of it, seeing that, as Bee was aware, nob without pleasure, it had afforded a very agreeable diversion to the floating community, a pleasant episode in tho tittle-tattle of the gardens and the wells. Beo had no absurd objection to being talked of. She knew that in her condition of life, which was so entirely satisfactory as a condition, everything that concerned a family was talked over and universally known. t It was a thing inevitable to a certain position, and a due homage of society to its members. Bub somehow she did not mention it to Aubrey, nor, indeed, to anyone, which was a t very unusual amount of reticence. She did not even give him the sketch, though it was finished. She had been quite grateful for that person's hints at the time, and eagerly had taken advantage of them to improve her drawing ; but it seemed to her, when she looked at it now, that it was not her own at all, that the other hand was so visible in it that it would be almost dishonest to call it hers. This of course was wholly fantastic, for even supposing that person to have given valuable hints, she had never touched the sketch, and Bee alone had carried them out. But, anyhow, her heart sickened at it, and she thrust it away at tho very bottom of the box that Moulsey was pack ing. She had no desire to sec the horrid thing again. In a day or two, however, Bee had alto gether forgotten that interview in the wood. She had so many other things to occupy her mind. There were lew railways in those days, and the party had a long way to travel before they came to Cologne, where that method of travelling began. They all felt that common life would recommence there, and their delightful wandering would be over. In the meantime there was a long interval of pleasure before them. The early breakfast at the hotel in the lirst hours of the autumnal morning, the fun of packing everyone away in the big coach, the books to be brought out to fill up corners, both of time and space, and "Murray" then alone ; in his glory, with no competitive American, no Bauaeker, no Joanne, to share his reign — spread out onen at the right place, so that mamma inside should be able to lay her finger at once upon any village or castle that struck her — and above all tho contrivances to be carried out for securing the banquet, as Bee said, 44 for ourselves," made a lively be ginning. Charlie and Betty sometimes managed to secure this favorite place if the attention of the others flagged for a moment; and though mamma generally interposed with a nod or a whis per to restore it to the privileged pair, sometimes she was mischievous too, and consented to their deprivation, and desired them for once to keep her company inside. She generally, however, repented of this before the day was over, and begged that their favorite seat might be restored to them. 44 For they arc really no fun at all," the poor lady said. 44 I might as well have two images from Madame Tussaud's." It had been a little hard upon Aubrey at the moment of their departure to find half the garrison round tho carriage, and bou quets euough to fill a separate vehicle thrust into every corner, the homago of those warriors to the gracious ladies. Ho « had been very cross, and had made a great exhibition of himself, especially when Captain Krcutzncr's faggot of forget-me- nots tied with a ribbon like that on Bee's hat had been presented with indescribable looks. What did the fellow mean by bring ing forget-me-nots ? He wanted to pitch it out of the window as soon as they were fairly started. "What an idiotic custom!" he cried. » " What do the fools think you want with such loads of iiowcra when you are starting on a journey ?" " Why, it is just then you do want them !" cried Betty, who had a dozen or so to her own share, 44 to smell sweet and show us how much our friends think of us." u They will not smell sweet very long, and then, what will your friends think of You?" Baid the angry lover. Was it possible that Boo was detaching a little knot of the blue flowers to put in her waistband? Bee, Bee! his own property, who had no right so much as to look at another man's flowers! And what did she do, seeing the cloud upon his face, but arrange another little bouquet, which, with her sweetest smile — the little coquette— she endeavored to put into his, Aubrey's, button hole 1 He snatched them out of her hand in a sort of fury. 41 Do you want mo never to forget that heavy brute of a German V" ho cried in his indignation. 44 You may put him near your heart, but I should like to kick him 1' i These very natural sentiments made Bee laugh — which was cruel ; but then poor Captain Kreutzner had been blotted out of her life some time ago and knew his . fate, and had really no right whatever to present Iter with these particular llowers. His lovely bouquet, with its blue ribbon, was given to a girl in the first village, and awakened the jealousy of another swain who Was less easily appeased than Aubrey; but this ricochet was not thought of by the first and principal pair. Thero was not, perhaps, so many remark able features in that journey as if it had been through Italy. There were great plains to traverse where the chief sights were cottages \ and farmhouses, women going by with great » loads of freshly cut m-ass full of llowers on their heads, ladder for the home dwelling cow; or men carrying their hops clinging to i, the polo to be picked at home, or long strag gling branches of the tobacco plant; and in tho evening the postilion would whip up his horses, and Charlie in the banquette, or John, tho. manservant, in tho rumble, tootle upon a horn which the former had acquired clandes tinely before the party set out— us they dashed through a village or little town with lighted windows, affording them many a flying peep of tho domestic life of those tranquil places. And in tho middle of the day they stopped to rest somewhere where . the invariable veal was to be found at some guesthouse a little better than the ordinary, where, .perhaps, a bigger villngo stood with all its high-peaked roofs across a little tran quil stream, and at night rattled into nn old Walled town with shadowy high houses Which belonged to the 14th century, and had not changed ft whit since that time. There they stayed a day or two, varying tho con finement of the coach by a course through everything that was to be seen, setting out iu a party through the roughly-naved streets, hut parting company before long, so that Aubroy and Bee would find themselves alone in the shelter of a church or iu an insignifi cant corner by the walls, while the others pursued their sightseeing conscientiously. 44 As for me, what I like is the general aspect," said Bee, with an air of superiority. 1 don't care to poke into every corner, and Aubrey kuows the history, which is tho chief thing. 44 Are thev talking all the time of tho his tory?" said Betty, overawed. But . this, perhaps, was not the opinion of Charlie ana mamma. No, tlicy did not care vbry much for the history. People are bad travellers in that stage of life. They are too much interested in their own history. CThey went about like a pair of Philistines through all these ancient streets, talking of nothing but the things of to- day. The most serious part of their talk was about the home in the depths of England in which they were henceforth to spend their lives. Aubrey had ideas about re-furnishing— about making everything new. It would be impossible to toll the reader how bad was tho tasto of tho time, and with what torriblo articles of furniture he proposed to replace the spiiullo legs and marquetry of his grandfathers. But then these things were the fashion, and supposed to bo the best things of the time. To hear thorn talking of sofas and curtains, and of tho color for the boudoir and hangings of the drawingroom in tho midst of all those graceful old places, was inconceivable. You would have said the stupidest, unimpressionable pair, talking of usdy modern English furniture, when they should have been noting the old world of Nuremburg— the unchanging medireval city. But you must remember that the furniture was only a symbol for their love and their new life, and all the blessedness of being to-, gcther, and the .endless delights of every day. Tho sofas and tho curtains meaut the Vita Nuova, and the refurnishing of the old house a beautiful fabric of all the honor and the joy of life. Then came the great river and the progress down its shining stream and between those beautiful banks, where again they made several pauses to enjoy the scenery. The Rhine is not now the river it was then. It was still the great river of romance in those days— Byron had been there, and the young people remembered Roland and his tower, with his love in the white convent opposite, and felt a shudder at tho thought or tho Lorelei as they floated under the high and gloomy bank. I doubt, however, whether the lovers thought much even of these things. They were busy just now about the gardens, which Bee was fully minded to remodel ami fill with everything that was new and de lightful in the way of flowers. "I shall have masses of color about the terrace, and every spot covered. I wonder which von like best, majolica vases or rustic baskets?" Bee was saying when her mother called her to point out the Platz and Bishop Hatto's tower. 41 Oh, yes, mamma, it's very pretty. But you like clematis, Aubrey, for the balustrade —to wind in and out of the pillars. Yes, yes, I can sec it well enough. I like every kind of clematis, even the common one, the traveller's joy — and it would hang down, you know, over that old bit of wall you told me of. Do go forward, Aubrey, and let them see you arc taking an interest. I do see it all quite well, and it is very romantic, and wo arc quite enjoying it I can assure you, mamma." This was how they made their way down stream ; in the moonlight nights they ceased to talk of practical matters, and went back to the little history of their loves. 44 Do you remember, Bee, that first time in the wood " 41 Oil, Aubrey, don't you recollect that drive coming back in the dark — before I knew " 44 Bub you always did know from the very beginning, Bee ?" "'Well, perhaps I suspected — and used to think " "You darling, what did you think ? — aud did you really care — as early as that?" They went on like this whatever happened outside, giving a careless glance tit the heights, at the towers, at the robbers' castle above and the little villages below ; not so much as looking at them, and yet remem bering them ever after, enclosing the flow of their young lives, as it were, in that strong flowing of tho Rhine, noting nothing and yet Seeing everything with the double sight which people possess at the highest moment and crisis of their career. They came at length to Cologne, where this enchanted voyage was more or less to end. To be sure, they were still to be together; but only in the railway, with all the others round them, hearing more or less what they said. They said good-bye to the Rhine with a little senti ment, a delightful little sadness full of pleasure. 14 Shall we ever be so happy again?" said Bee, with a sigh. 44 Oli yes, my sweet, a hundred times, and happier," said the young man ; and thus they were assured it was to be. I don't think any of them ever forgot that arrival at Cologne. They came into sight of the town just in the evening, when the last glow of sunset was still burning upon the great river, but lights beginning to show in the windows and glimmering reflected in the water. The Cathedral was not completed then, and a crane, like some strange, weird animal, stood out against the sky upon the top of the lower. The hotel to which they were going had a covered terrace upon the river with lights gleaming through the green leaves. They decided' thoy would have their table there, and dine with all that darkling panorama before their eyes through the veil of the foliage, the glowing water, the boats moving ami passing, with now and then a raft coming down from the upper stream, and the bridge of boats opening to give passage to a fuming, fretting steamboat. Aubrey and Bee went hand iu hand up the steps, nobody noticed in the half dark how close they were together. Thoy parted with a close pressure of warm hands. 44 Don't be long, darling," he said, as they parted : only for a moment, only to prepare a little for the evening, to slip into a fresh dress, to take out a now ribbon, to make one's youthful self as fair as such unneces sary adjuncts permitted. For what did Aubrey care for a new ribbon ? The only blue he thought of was that in Bee's eyes. I do not think she was more than 10 minutes over these little changes. She dressed like a Hash of lightning, Betty said, who eould not find her own things half so quickly, Moulsey being occupied with mamma. Such a short moment, not worth counting! ami yet enough, more than enough to change a whole life. Bee ran down as light as air to the sitting- room which had been engaged for the party. She felt sure that Aubrey would hurry, too, so as to have a word before dinner, before the rest were ready — as if the whole day had not been one long word, running through everything. She came lightly to the door of the room in her fresh frock and her blue ribbons, walking on air, knowing no shadow of any obstacle before her or cloud upon the joyful triumphant sky. She did not even heal 1 lie sound of the subdued voices, tho faint little sob, strangest of nil sounds at such a moment, which seemed to come out to meet her as she opened the door. Bee opened it wondering only if Aubrey were there, thinking of some jibe to address to him about the length of Limo men took to their toilettes if she happened to be ready first. She was very much startled by what she saw. Her mother, still in her travelling dress, sat by the table with a letter open in her hands. .She had not niado any prepara tion for dinner — she, usually so dainty, so anxious to get rid of the cloaks and of tho soils of the journey. She had taken oil her hat, which lay on the table, but was still enveloped in the shawl which she had put on to keep off the chills. As for Aubrey, he was exactly as he had been when they parted with him, except that all the light had gone out of his face. He was very pale, and he, too, had a letter in his hand. He uttered a stilled exclamation when lie saw Bee at the door, aiul lifting his arms as though in pro test against something intolerable, walked away to the other end of the room. 44 Oh, Bee," said Airs. Ivingsward, 44 Oh, go away my dear, go away ! I mean . Get something to wit, you and Charlie and Betty, and then get to bed ! Get to bed ! 1 am too tired to take anything, and lam going upstairs at once. " I thought you had been upstairs, mam ma, half an hour ago. What is the matter? You look like a ghost, and so docs Aubrey. Has anything happened ? Mamma, you won't look at me, aiul Aubrey turns his back. What have I done? Is it anything about mc ?" 44 What nonsense, child !" said Mrs. Kings- ward with a pretence at a smile. 44 What could you have to do with it? We havo both — Mr. Leigh and myself — found letcrs, and wc arc busy reading them. I am sure the dinner must be served. Wc ordered it in tho balcony, don't you remember ? Run away and make Charlie and Bcttv sit down at once. I am too tired. Moulsey will run down in a little and get something for me. " 44 Mamma," said Bee, 44 you cannot make up a story. Something has happened, I am sure of it ; and it is something about mc." 44 Nonsense, child ! go away and have your dinner. I would come if 1 could. Don't you see what a budget of letters I have got? and some of them I must answer to-night." 44 Have you letters too, Aubrey?" said Bee in her amazement, standing still as she had paused, arrested by tho sight of them, just within tho door. 44 Bee, I must beg you will not put any questions; go and do what I toll you; your brother and sister will bo coming downstairs. Yes, of course, you can see that Mr. Leigh has his letters to read as well as I." 44 Mr. Leigh ! I wonder if we hayo all gone inad, or what is the matter? Aubrey? tell ine, you at least, if mamma won't. You must have had a quarrel. Mamma, why do you call him Air. Leigh?" 44 Oh, for goodness sake, Bee, go, go away." 44 1 am not going away," cried the girl. 14 You have had a quarrel about something. Come, mamma, you must not quarrel with Aubrey — if he has done something wrong or said something silly, I will answer for him, he never intended it. Aubrey, what do you mean, air, turning vour back both on mamma and me? Coine here, quick, and ask her pardon, and say you will never do it again." Poor little Bee's heart was buttering, but she would not allow herself to believe there was anything really wrong. She went close up to her mother, and stood by her, with a hand upon her shoulder. 44 Aubrey !" she said, 44 never mind if you arc wrong or not. come and beg mamma's pardon, aud she will forgive you. There must not — thero must not — oh, it is too ridiculous! — ho anything wrong between mamma and you, Aubrey ! ' He turned round slowly and faced them both with a face so pale that Bee stoppod ' short with a pasp, and could not say a word more. Airs. Kingsward had buried her face in her hands. Bee looked from one to auothcr with a dismay which she could not explain to herself. 44 Oh, what is the matter ? What is tho matter?" she said. (To be continued.) 