SO NEAR I OR THE PITY OF IT. _A STORY IN THREE CHAPTERS. : . J.; H. RIDDELL. ; -Author of "George Geithiof Fen Court," "Tho-'. "Senior Partner, "!&o.; ' ' Chapter in.— (Continued). - .It'uqmgrowmg 'dark whon donkey and owner ' started to'.roturp/home. How long, the road I seemed— hew- Weary the way — the old donkey, j , feeblo and spent— tho older man faint and . empty. Peter tried to speak to iris dumb aom- ,panion, but tho sound of his own voioe trigutened Inm. it was not his own, whioh he had been used to hear, but a hollow,, changed . voice,, that might havo belonged- to some broken down and hopoless creature. Never before bad he so longed lor the Bight of his home, to see tho ruddy glow of tha peat fire, to hoar the I musio of tho groat Atlantio, to feel safe lnBida . thoso kindly, walls— safe and sheltered, free to I forgot his cares for a space. Like his prede- ! cessor,. who flourished many years ago, he walked, so as not to distress his donkey, and thus they finally arrived at Ballyquay, where once again they Btopped- oppositoMr. Hagarty's establishment. This timo, however, Peter passed the grooory shop and walkod into the publiohouse. " Will yo lot mo havo an armful of hay ?" he askod. " I'll pay yo whon I get it myself — to morrow, likoly." Poor Craig, ho would not have asked credit for his own needs, but the ! " bruto beast " could not altogether fast. "As muoh ob you want. Hero, Ned, fill a i saoic and put it on Mr. Craig'e- cart. It is a , nasty night, Peter ; a glass- of whisky will do I you no harm." j "Thank yo kindly," was tho answer, "but don't fill ono for mo. I used to bo ablo to take half a glasH with any, man, but I can't now— j no— I can't now." - i Mr. Hagarty, struck by something in tho old ' man's tone, looked at hira curiously for a I moment. His wife bad told him about Craig's! anxiety concerning tho American letters, and 1 added that she thought ho had- " failed greatly j of late." There was a letter come for him the j day I left homo," eho wont on, "but' I am) afraid what he wanted was not in it," and for ; this reason tliat repetition of "loan't now"; . sounded to tho publican almoBt pathotio. " Is : there nothing else, thon, wo oan put up for ye," 1 . ho asked, full of a vaguo impression help was I wanted, and- (v great desire to help if ho aould. ; " You know ye can havo what ye liko hero, and i pay when ye pleaee," whioh was certainly moet liberal. " I am obliged; but I need nothing more,' I answorod Craig with a oortain stiffness. Ha felt ho could etarvo, but he knew he could not1 endure anyone to think ho was starving. In all! oountrios: there livo euoh people,, and sure am I , : that) in that wild and desolate land where. : Atlantic wavos Bing the children's lullaby audi tho storm king ridos in his might, could bal found hundreds who, like Petor Craig, would ( rather die than beg. . , " Ned put the hay in the littlo cart "It's ! tuning up for a storm, it's my opinion," he re I marked as Craig enme out to Tom's bond. . 4 "Ay, it looks that way, "answered Peter, and / then he and the donkey took their homeward . road. As they drew near the shore Peter heard tha dull roar as if ofia distant cannon, whioh on | that awful ooast heralds an approaching hurri- I oane. ' For 24- hours that artillery praotloe precedes | the tempest, and well did Craig, know its Bound. As he and Tom plodded along the rough carb > traok ha heard a noise as if of tho cannon ah \ Waterloo. "Now God help oil' women who have sons,; lovers and husbands at sen' this night,!' ho said, solemnly, and then he came to his own door. ; It did' not tako long to unharness Tom, and lead him to his stalfio, or to push the: eart into tho onter office, or to open nis own door and gropo hie way to tho firo and kindle a blaze on tho hearth. When ho had dona all thiB ho drew water for tho donkoy and sot it before him, at the same timo placing him eome hay in the rough box which eervod for a mangor. "Fill yourself, boy," said Craig. "Wo'ra now all safo and sound with plenty for you to oat to-morrow, irieadow hay as good as ever I smelted— oome lad." But the lad would not como or fill himself, and whon Craig laid a persuading hand on' his neck bo found tho animal was shivering like qprne ono in ague. " Ah, Tom, dear, it's starred with tho cold ye are," lie exclaimed. "Poor old' ohap, oome and havo an air of tho grand fire I'vo made np. My good Tom, my firio brave Tom," and thus 'discoursing ho led the donkey to the hosrth, , where, afterjstupidly blinking at the blase for m moment, the animal Bank woorily to its knees, and then slowly, like some stiff old man; ley tai.1 r a'own7»'na atretohed outf its legs' that had ' travelled so many a long mile. ...... ' 'Ah, poor boy, you ro getting fond of a bit of 'heat, like your master,, ,r said Craig, "just lie ; there at your oaeo." Tom, nothing loth, lay there, but certainly not at bia ease, for ho was . trombling and shaking all Over. !'.It was oruol oolu up thoro to-day, wasn't it?" observed Peter, and the donkoy, as if in . answer, shivered exceedingly. "Woll, just content yourself," went on the old. man, "you needn't stir all night, and you've no oall to go out to-morrow.". Chapter lit " . It was quite still when Oraig bethought him that he would look whether :a' handful of meal were' left in the barrel, or.a morsel of bread on tha aholf. 7 No— as he believed the.barrel was . empty and the shelf bare. ' :''"I eah '''do" troll "enbrigb,".said' the'old. man. . "Thanks'be to G.od there is hay for Tohr,"arid lie' 'was crossing the bare -floor when his door opened and a gentleman' came in. The stranger .was woll. clad and not unpleas ant to look at, yot a ghost would have appalled Craig less. ' ' ...'.'What a glorious -firo you -ha vo," said the new ootner, advancing to the heacth, anJ hold: ing1- first -ono hand and then 'the' other to' the glowing neat. - - -. .- " Ay, it's a brave fire," ahswe'rtd Craig, -not knowing what he htteted;': ' . '.CI looked in'jt .while agot".;went on.. the gentleman, "but you were out. YoU have, the rent roady, I hope." ' ' ' " - , ".''No; , sir j but. I'm' expecting' money ; overy day."-"' ?v. ; .. .".So, you were six weeks ago. . .There ;! mors : than' a year due. ' I have been veryipatient; but you'll have tti mako ,'up: the money, by 12 o'clook to-morrow, .or else1—" . '.; " What, sir?" ' -' . . Qivo.'np' possession; .1 oatt'.Iet. this place for 1 mnch'more'than.you pay aiid .hoturned to- ' wards the'door wlth'an easy twinging gait Os.if he had said the pleasantest -thing in the world, | and was going out into tho 'night whpn Oraig ' e&pritd;'hiifi. l"' ' " "V "' . " " 8or God's sake, sir," ho began,.' . - . " Now, now,' my good" fillbw, that will do. Wo understand all about that. . Twelve o'elook to-morrow. ".With, whioh olinohbr ho pushed Craig.gently on. ono side and departed. '.Tho old man stood for .aeouplb of minutes like-one dazed," wringing- his hn.nga 'ln abjcot despair.' "Then he'seized nishat and rushed out into tho night. . ; ' ' A keen Wind stirred his scant '-gray hair, and drove a salt rimo on hie oheek,- bnt Craig did not : feel thYbitter blast or misty spray.' There was a storm in bis.hqart which would have drowned the noise of a fiercer . tempest than over rnged and raved along that torriole coast. . Ho had loft home with' ono idea which" sufficed to carry him on through darkness and' biting cold past tho \- largo housoB, beyond tho guay, lip,, jho- road lending to' the town.! " . Lord, grant," he ' muttered over and ovor "again, ' Soul and body were too, nnmb with 'misery' to permit of his finishing the prayer, but ' He "who made him know the words his lips -failed -'to articulate. On'; for another milo through tho cold and the darkness— on with that -etorrn which never lulled sweeping madly ' through his heart,, losing memory now and again, 'staggering at times as though drunk, feeling a ' horrible faintness, for, save tho 'sorap of bread, 'ho'hod not broken his fast, for. twenty-four hours ; tho old man held grimly to his task till he stood >t -tho. hall door of Eairy.HjUsnd 'gavo one -load' single knook whioli echoed through the 'house."' . ; "Could! have speich with the raistross?" he 'asked'.'.'. 1 ""I'ilsee,"wasthereply.<"Sitdown otfyonr feot. a minute." 1 - c Bat Craig did hot sit; He stood as in a sort 'of dream, seeing the.hall and yet not poroeiving :it";Tobklrig"at tho furniture, .but taklng no heed 'of a-nlngle artiole the 1 while Sirs. Doamer was askjng.-,:. - ' - '' ; And who is this Craig, Jane?" '.'"Ho is, a "dcoent 'oldf follow,, mii'm; as ever lived, -and tho'worid lias 'been veryeore against him, To see him, ma'm, bo looks in'somo great trouble, and he is breaking up fasti I soo.a wonderful change, in him." Mrs.- Deamer leftlier tea, a comfortable ehair .and a warm fire, and passed into the' hall, where Craig stood awaiting hissontcnce.- . i .When he saw lior lie tried to speak; but- could' not. - Ho could only stand- looking with eyes of misery at :tlio, sweet- woman,- who said in a low "voice.'liko the faint otiimo of bell : \ - ' ;;".You wished to see me?" -: .-' f Twioo Craig essayed to answer, and twioe no word passed his lips. - v- : - . Mrs. De'amer saw he was - struggling' for . speech— saw that sows, mortal trouble was keep ing him dumb.' -""v.- A'tVhat can I do for yon?" »iii asked; "If it Is inmy.powor to hclpyon I will." "" Then all at once; the string of his tongne was loosed and he poured forth the misery thafrhaiV been pent up within htm. - ' Without break, without 'pause, in one impul- sivo sentenoe the gaunt old man told the tale of his sorrows. ' He who had never begged before begged-' then for time. He would- pay her honestly if— if she would Walt a little while for her money. Ho did not' shy anytbing against \- the agent. ' He did' net inveigh against fate. 'He did not make 'mention : of his age, or his : losses, or his loneliness! .' He only prayed for— time. i ' '"'Itlias been -homo 'to mo, mem," ho said, in that rugged Northern' accent; which holds suoh a power for patliorin its' very ' harshness, " and 'if you'll 'let -me btojj you'll not bo a penny' the loser,'.. 01i!'-mem,wJIlyori? A pound, maybe, isn't very muoli to yon to lie out of, but it is as .' bad na'tuotuahds: to' movtill my sons send . tho order they've promised. - Iriover kneelcd heforo hut to niy God, but I do kneel 'now to pray that yoii won't turn me ont without a roof over my :head— me and 'tho 'dumb' beast; too— that has nobody beside.'' Andl the poor old follow fell other feet and raisod his elapsed hands in an agony of entreaty; 'while' the 'tears streamed down eheoks that were furrowed by earo and worn by privation. _ " My poor man ! My poor man 1" cried Mrs. .Deamer;. Inexpressibly shocked, trying to steady her.own voice;, "you shall :not be turned ont of 'yonr- hope. Do rise, ! cannot boar to see you . kneeling, ,fo , me. You . may 'go :bome''-quite happy., - ; c .:., m:« .' Aj.SPid,ijSm;wr,;r. ralghtstqpl'.he 'falfefei; The..reaotion ; was' so.,; great, ho-' could -scarce ,-hellovehls ears,: and he .-had no power to ocaao' -. Sobbing. .' ' ' ' > "Of coarse you shall stdp. N6w, sit down rfor"n'' 'little while' nnd,>.tly to eompoie your- self.'! ;; : ". What'll I. soy to yo. 'mem ? .What can I. say to ye?" he asked," covering 'his face with his .liands aud'.weeping hysterically. . i.: -i '.'Why, nothing;" she replied. I. am very rglad to .bo able, to holp you. "Presontly you most go into the kjtchen and have a cup of tea ; .'yon loirkilll and' tired;?1:.'. -. - v :: i l-I - couldn't touch 'bite or iup,", he : answered, .huskily.' :"T'.want nothing bnt .words," and. he .-topped, as if '.to: break down again';' then Went on bravely, "I-wantworda' to thank; you, hut . they won't comei' .- ' ';-:.i::'. . ; '"M Ho have a oup of te»'.'"'I am' sure qne would do you good,'.' : . v , '. : - ; "It is you, mem, who have done me all tho good in the world, and I , want nothing' more,' thank' you kindly, to 'be- alono with my God that I may praiso His name and ask Him to bloss you.' ' With a humble gesture of deep gratitude ho was moving to tho door, whon Mrs. Doamer stopped him. "You are quite without money. !ot mo lond you a trifio till your son's remittanoo arrives." It was obaraotcristio of hor that, speaking even in hosto, sho said lend— not give, but she knew enongli of snob men as Oraig to be aware that in the one case hor offer might bo accepted, and in the other prove an offence. " You oari pay at your convenience," cho went on, seeing that ho hesitated. "You had better tnko a pound," and sho opened a little case, in whiah many a orisp nolo lay snug. . ' "I'd bo dreuming I was robbed and murdered if . I'd -as much as that in tho house," Craig answered with a smile— suoh a smile, so wan, so foehlo, it' haunted . Mrs. Doa'mcr'a memory : for many a. long day," but if you'd giro me a bit. of .whitu bread, I'd lika well. to liavo it for Tom.'.' . "Who is Tom?" sho aeltcd " JuBt my donkey, mem ; and he lias as muoli senso as many n Christian." Tho fire, had burnt- low by the. time Craig reaohed home,' and that vision ho so often saw .seemed to bis fancy to como out of tho shadows and meet him. "We'll do yet, Jane, my woman," ho said. ."Oh, but that is tho lovely lady! and sco what sho gavo mo' for Tom, My hoy, you haven't .stirred- far.sinoe I wentaway." He broke oil a pioco of bread and offered it to tho donkey, whioh made no effort to tako it, only opened one eye and looked wearily at his master. . " Well, I'll leave it beside you— you've quit trembling I seo : that's right and he made up tho fire, drew the etool close boside the hearth, sat down with his back' against tfie fire— for okimneypicoo tliero was noue— and without in tending to do so, fell off ;to sleep. Within the cottage was utter quiet, without the thunder of the sea. „ , - ' ! .After her three weeks' absence Mrs. Hagarty, fceling- thnt'tho plaee.required a thorough oloau- hig; sent for Moggy Stowart to oomc early on tho following morning . in order to "ridd things up;" - - - . , Moggy was not a fascinating looking person. She; always, - by. preference, went about baro footed, and Sunday and week day woro a colored - kaudkorohjef- -tied -over . her head ; but' sho was a capital' worker,. and/haying been re freshed with abuppf tea and-a pipe, proceeded' to turn overything'upsido down. As alie-threw it overako'cabght8ijr|jtiof,«ome.thiig white; and boldly -going -in smorig'o? mim.bpr»of \porkers, rescued a Icttcr.frpm destruction.- ' ' l " j I found tliis'.initho/--"bhild's..oradIe;!l-Moggie -said, handing hcr finj to iHagarqi; "I 'don frknow if it's any good.??,.! ;7. 77"-' Tho post mistress took the Iett'or, which was adorned witli a large rod seal, turned" it" Over and then oried out? Tho little nurse girl's faoe showed that she know, but without to administer more ftnan a stinging box on the ear; . Mrs. Hagarty opened the door of communication' into tho spirit shop, arid oalled - ".William." "What do you want?" asked .her husband, who was going ont at tho moment. " Look hero at what Maggie has found in the oradle." . "Is it a letter?" ' i It is so, and the one that came for: Peter Craig the morning I left, and 'that lie has never had. I'll kill that 'little -huzzy,- I will." ' j, Hagarty tooktha letter. "It's torn you see,"- he said. - : ' ' - ' -" I .'wonder.- hero's a 'bit ' of-.-it -f ogethor, 'plie . has '.given it to'.the baby to play with— of all - the mischievous, useless- ; . . . , ; "The best thing I.can do is to take tlie 'letter to .Craig and .toU-him. the truth;"- siiid Hagarty, - .catting short. his wife'a' tirade ; lam going ae far' astlie quay-.anyway, AVhcn he "reaohed Craig's house "ho'lif tod -the .latok-without ceremony and wont 'in.;- . . . ; The red- curtain was still drawn across the' .window, and lie could not - at.first see anything very distinctly. " Hello, -Peter," he shouted, "you are having .yonr sleeo ont this- morning; Wako up'man, I've a letter for you." - .' Tlicrf be began to discern ohjeots moro clearly, land saw the old man sitting on- the stool and tlio dohkey lying before a fire .which had burnt itself to white'powdcr. . i Something- .in" the silenoe struck ; kimi' He .mtide one's t ride to the window and tore: aside' the curtain. ' Then the cold-daylight, streaming into the room showed that the. donkey .lay stiff .with a' piece of bread beside- him, - and. that Craig was dead, . too,' .with' a emile on his Hps ! . ; The End. . , 7. 