In the Darling Country. (By ' Brier Rose.') It is a far cry from Sydney to 'Wilcannia, and a trip through the country ia an object lesson in physical geography. One must travel the distance to realise the extent of one's native territory, and the variety of scenery and local ci'lor to be tnot with. Leaving Sydney en route for Bourke, our jouruey was pleasantly broken at Orange, where we stayed a couple of days ; tbe bracing climate of this region being a decided change from that of the metropolis, where we had 311st spent a few weeks. It was early in August, and the range of hills called the Oanoblas, which make such a fine setting for the town, was crowned with snow that glistened whitely against a back ground of azure sky. The parks and gardens were almost divested of foliage and not a sorap of oolor was to be sean if we except a few stray bunches of hawthorn or holly berries that re mained on the hedges. Leaving Orange by tho 5.30 train in a cold, crisp air whioh made rugs an indispensable ad junct of travelling, we shortly entered upon a warm clime, and by the time we readied Nyn gan we were glad to open the window and throw aside our wraps. The scenery between Dubbo and Bourke varies very little; the coun try is flat and uninteresting. One sees the same coolabahs and gum trees all along tho line, but here and there, as a compensation, for the mono tony, we gladly greet a clump of wattle in golden bloom, the branches bending beneath their weight of blossoms, while their grateful perfume is wafted to us through the open win dows of our carriage, and mid sleeping and waking we dream, of springtide and wattle blos soms in the days long past and gone. The monotone is pierced with a high note as we near the town of Bourke, and Mount Oxley rises suddenly to our viow from the out plain which is swathed with a carpet of manifold native flora. The Mount, aa viewed from the train, appears like » square mass of bluish grey stone, and is a peculiar object standing in lonely grandeur on the treeless plain. In the distance is a fringe of ooolabahs which look like giant lilac bushes in bloom from their curious color, and these are, I think, the most graceful of all the varieties of eucalypti to be found in the interior. From the balcony of the Boyal Hotel, Bourke, I obtained my first glimpse of the Darling River, which is just now a scene of activity and bustle, for a number of steamers are loading up with wool and other freight; and these, I confess appeared very small and dingy to eyes aooustomed to the sight of the magnificent mail boats in Sydney Harbor. Bourke is a fairly large town, and oan boast of well-built briok houstis. The streets are wide and liberally planted with trees which add greatly to the beauty of the place. The surroundings are not picturesque as the country is bare and flat and the only vegetation is the salt bush and eucalptus' Our stay of some 10 days here was very enjoyable, as the residents of the town and distriot are noted for their sociability and hos pitality to strangers, as well as friends. During our brief visit we enjoyed a drive to ' Jandra,' the station of Mr. Malcolm Robert son. Tbe homestead, being situated on the river bank, and surrounded by a flower garden, is picturesque, and the house, built to suit the olimate, has large lofty rooms and wide veran dahs. The hospitality of the host and hostess of Jandra, is, like that of all the western squatters, proverbial, consequently our visit, though short, was one that will remain a pleasant memory, We boarded the 'Florenoe Annie' at mid day, and procooded down the river lrom Bourke. It was very pleasant as we indolently drifted with the current— very peaceful in the languid sunshine to lounge and watuh the flitting shadow* chasing each other on tho placid water, as if wo were bound for the ' lotus land' of the poets and had left all care and sadness behind. Owing to the flood waters, all the little tribu taries or bilabongs were bank high, and, at times, as we slowly swung round a bend of the rivor_, a pretty picture would meet our gaze, tho river oaks and gums bending down to the water, in tho shade of whioh a group of pelicans elided gracefully about, as though admiring their own reflection. The sun setting behind a grove of ooolabahs and sombre river oaks, its shining beams gilding the topmost branches, while a purple hazoeooraed to rest on the water, somehow reminded me ot an oil painting which hangs in the Art Gallery, Sydney, entitled ' Seeno on tho Ooulburu River, Viet.' Dirootly night closed in around us tho boat was moored, as owing to the dangerous snags abounding in the river it is unsafe to proceed after dark. We wore close to Nulty Station, owned by Mr. Burcher, and as that gentleman and his amiable wife were aboard a general in vitation was given to those present to disem bark and speud the evening under their hospitable roof. Needless to say a vory pleasant time ensued, music being one of the concomitants thereof. ' Nulty' I may remark is an aboriginal term signifying a bend of the river. Glancing up at the sky as we wended our way back to the boat we saw that ' one by one, in the infinite meadows of heaven, blos somed the lovely stars, the forgetmenots of the Angels,' and with the quiet stars gazing down from above, and the water rippling beneath, we were soon sleeping on the bosom of the Darling. Shortly after daylight we wero again on the move, and at 9.30 a.m. we reached Tanda Sta tion, where a cordial welcome awaited us from the genial lessee, Mr. W. Hatton, a ad his amiable wife. Here we rested for several days, having paTted company with the ' Florence Annie ' at this point, and our further journey was made by buggy and team of threo horses. From Yanda we drove to Gundabooka, reaching tb,e homestead about 8 p.m., and with this place I was quito oharmed. It is iudoed a faaoinating old house, built of logs, whioh make suoh thick walls as to exolude the heat of the summer, and these lathed and plastered and wbitoned over. The windows are old- fashioned casements, open ing outwards to let in at morning's dawn, or dewy eve, the faint sweet odour from the ulimbitip roses that are trained above them. The garden surrounding the house ' was bright with old-time blossoms of pink and purple and red roses. Grape vines wero trollisod along the garden walks, and o ran 20 and lemon trees woro n bloom, making the air fragrant and dolicht 11 1 to tho sensos. On tho wostoru side of the house flows the river, its banks thickly over grown with nativo willows, through tho deli cate tracery of whose feathery foliage wo saw a most lovely sunset. The sky was a harmony ef rose and opal deepening to vormillion just where the sun had dropped out of sight. Look ing aoroas to the opposite side of the homestead we could soe the Q-undabooka Mountains some 30 miles distant, showing up darkly against a a sapphire sky. In a paddock close to the house stands an immense box-tree from which the station takes its euphonious name ' Gunda booka,' whioh signifies ' big trea,' being an aboriginal name. Tho pasture fields around wero as if carpeted with emerald velvet studded with white stars, for everlasting daisies grew and blossomed in myriads amongst tho spring ing grasses and herbage. Next day we drove through level country covered with sage brush, salt buab, and wild hops. The two first-named shrubs are a bluish grey oolor, but the latter is of tender willow green tint, deepening and ohanging to bronze and dark red as the season advances. Hero and there we saw bare patches of earth of a peculiar terra cotta hue whioh are called olay pans ; and theso hold water for a considerable time, Stop ping for a pionio lunch beside ono of theso olay -an reservoirs, which by the way wo found almost empty, as we could only obtain one quart of water from it, I had an experience of bush tea-(lriuking that I am not likely to forget easily. We had found a wild duok's nest con taining five eggs. I robbed tho nest of four of the eggs, leaving one for a nest egg, but was cruelly laughed at for an innocent for my con sideration, and told that onoe a wild duck finds her nest touched by Vandal hands she reli giously forsakes it for ever after. Now, wo wanted fresh eggs for lunoh, but as we only had one quart of water the eggs were popped in when that boiled, and the tea was made when they were cooked, my companion coolly remark ing that this process would give the tea a richer flavor. However, I differed from him, and sighed for a ohina cup, rose-scented Bohea, and and cream ; and somehow I have not relished boiled eggs since. Farther along, our road lay through a vast plain covered with tall silky- looking grass called spear- grass ; -and mingled with this growth is the srowfoot, or native geranium, which bears a small blue flower somewhat like the bloom of the flax-plant; and as the wind sweeps through, the tall herbage gently swaying, and blending the colors, one can almost fancy this a glimpse of the' ocean seen through half-dosed eyes. Here one is struck with the imopensity of sky space whioh: appears like un immense dome over a ball of blue and green. The guietude ia intense, no thing breaks the stillness except the shrill ories of the pretty pink and grey galahs, or the oawing of the crows. Late in the afternoon we arrive at South ?? a dreary looking place enough in midday, but at sunset, or by moonlight, presents quite a different aspect moonlight is such a beautifier of everything. The river itself wbioh appears by day suoh a muddy sluggish stream bears quite another look when tbe moon beams fall gently upon it, and the till gum trees on its banks cast dark shadows. like ' Silenb ghosts, with eyes re proachful in a spirit haunted water, in a land of vain regrets.' (To be continued.) 