A MOSLEM SHU 'N ft .£» USToffl.ho high rond, on a breezy clifl ?J which overlooks tho Mediterranean1, two little doinos peor above ft rough, limu 'wrished' wnll. ? They indicato that a sninf nnd his saintly issue (for tho titlo is horedit-. nry in Islam) lie buried thore, and, in theii way, dofino the gulf which the French are ho anxious to bridge over here in Algeria. Imagine an oblong enclosuro strewn with narrow white tombs in all stages of oblitora tion and decay, choked with waving grasses! and slimy weeds ; at its Eastern bnso a' low, white pont'iiouse where dwells tho care taker—a good man who has either obtnined his office ns n sinecure of inheritance, or has been at pains to establish it ns such for' the benefit of himself and posterity. ' Springing as nu exoruscunco from tho northern wall, and built into it, is tho oldest of the koubbnp, or shrines, a blind, white square of 'broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy . tiles, and bristling with n null) battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted dome. A glance through tho grating in the door rovcnls darkness and dim tombs, a ragged banner or two, nnd a bit of faded drupery ;, over everything dust, mildew, nnd spiders. Peering through the rugged branches , of a bushy, old fig-tree, facing hev sister, is the younger of these two little shrines. More advonturous, flightior, sniily tnwdy ; making, however, with hor ?jfiiy dado of tilos, queer scrawling mottoes nnd cnbnlistic signs, a bright Easborn picture.' She bears an airy littlo facade of 'three or four horsoshoo archos poisott on fOondur spiral columns— discovered through tlioir criist of crumWing ?whitewash to do marble ; relics, possibly, of tho old Roman city buried here. Two tin lanterns, stuck ovor with pink paper roses and guttered cnndlo-onds, dangle to and fro under tho arcade. At our first meeting the koubbas were simmoring in a mellow glow, as if the centu ries of warmth and light were being returned to the sun which gave thorn. Nothing was wanting to complote the Eastern glamour of the whole : vivid sunshine ; white domes clear cut ngainsb a bluo sky ; a ball palm with its swaying crown of feathers ; a shrouded woman iiuddlod against tho wall, and hor dirty child tumbling hulf- nakod among the tombs ; a hobbled donkey pain fully cropping here and thero ; and, ns if to fill and crown the picture, a young Kabyle came presently out of the lean-to at tho end of tho court carrying a cruehe in her hand. A groy petticoat, striped red and white, down to her knecs.a loose muslin shirt which suggested, instead of hiding, her full bust, ami a bright handkerchief in her glossy hair were all her dress. ' One stopped bo 'admire her graciouB carriage and unorabarrassed stop; her ruddy-brown clear'Bkin and largo shining eyes. She camo, BWinging the cntehe, to the dilipidabed old well in the middle of the court, and stood leaning on one arm against the parapet whilo the bucket doscended. Then sho hauled it up hand over hand, with easy, swooping strokes, her body bonding to the weight like some slender poplar beforo a gnlo, her bare feet planted'apart, grasping the soil 'as firmly ns its roots. A colour flushed her brown choeks, and the light gleamed in her eyes ; her soft lips parted to ease her .breathing, her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil with tho hard work. The March wind faught, her hair and blew ib across her face ; she tossed ib back with asmilo, and as she bossod threw a glance -at us ovor her shoulder, and smiled again. A fine, freo young bhing, innocent and frisky as a filly out at grass, with a toilful, frugal life before her in the quiet court, until she marry somo grave, brown man of her own race, and raise up strong sons to sprawl as children in a sunny 'corner such as this, then to go forth to work tending* goats, or hoeing vinoyards on the rugged mountain sides or in bhe peaceful vallevs of this beautiful land of hers. This pretty creature was the daughter of the carebak'er, and lived in bhe lean-bo hub with I don't know how ' many generations of relatives ; for, as well as women and girh, there was a swarm of children for ever crawling and scrambling about in bhe court. I watched often and carefully the simple life of the Kabylo family, and found it full of oharm and suggestion. There was a gentlo □ ncomplaining mediocrity about them all ; a steady working for a few bhings,and a deep enjoyment of the wages thereof, a diroefcnees and innocence, and a vigour which, as a lesson alone, wore worth going oub to see. From Algiers, brightest, most motley, most self-seeking of sunny southern towns, whore the Fronch have signally bridged their gulf —laying sure foundations of absinthe and hotel requirements to be fulfilled for sous— and converted their wild Arabs into flaneurs, chiffoniers, touts, quack guides, and what not (all which parts, be it said, the Araba wero very willing to play) ; from Algiers, I say, to tho tranqnil moments of this oven life is a far cry, and hopofully sug festive of a possiblo asylum from the noisy, latanb storm and stress amid which mosb of us sweat and groan our days away. Cemeteries and tombs are favourite haunts of tho women in all Eastern countries, and accordingly I find numbers of them here everyday. In tho presence of the dead, it seems, they vonturo to disregard the living, for directly thoy have entered the court and kissed the walls and a' stray stone or so, they throw off their ho-barnhs, and, squatting in a corner, prepare to enjoy bhomselvos in their shrill, acrid fashion. Shrouded in tho habarah, her logs swathed in thick folds- of calico, each resembles hor sister ghost, and shuffles on her same dull way encumbered with mystery — none of her seeking — draperies, and babies. Unveiled, the mono bony is still there, for it goos deeper than tho veil ; and horrible it is to conclude, as irresistibly we musb, that the clothes have becomo veritable Nessus shirts ; that the shrouds once on can never come off again ; for if pub away they are still thero, shrouding soul instead of body. And the shrouding here begins at fourteen ; think of Ui.it ! A mother of two children— a moro slip, of a girl— comos nearly every d,ay. Games shuffling in, a drab 'bundle of a creature, dragging her babies with her ; punctually kissea'tho same stones, and thon chatters in a thin voico for halfan hour. A more pathetio sight I think I never saw. Wan and lined and vacant ; gossips a little i slanders in whispers and with eyes askance at tho objeot of it, or at mo ; laughs shrilly without morriraenb, and always whore to cry would bo moro to tho purpose ; then rises with a weary gesture and puts on the 'sllroud that never was off if she but knew it ; and shuffles oub again into her cage. These Kabyle dwellers in the lean.-to are better off. No, sh.vou.da, palpable or inpalpnblo, for them. Hard work in plenty, and tv bod as hard to rest on, scanty fare, a shod to cover them ; here are no luxuries, God wob. But free limbs and n bare head, bare.feot and a freo soul, aro gifts from the trensuro-houpo of Nature, though now per haps somewhat scorned and made light of by the qualms and whimsies of a high sniffing world. ' Income of one hundred pounds a year,' cries Cnrlylo, ' and no dry rot in the bouI of you anywhere ; income of one hundred thousand pounds a year, and nothing^ bub dry:nnd-wot rot in .the soul of you (ugly appetites, uuvoraoitios, blusterous conceits, and probably — as symbol of all bhimys— a 'po,(i-bejly to your poor b.ody itself) ; oh, my frionds I'— Temple Bar, 