THE MYSTERY THEy TOWER. A TLla or TsaILLINO INTEREST, gL HELEN.J0COWIN PIERCOE, CHAB IERXX'V1IL (CoNsuEDon. The old gardener was away about ten minutes It seemed much longer to those who were waiting. He came back with a very strange white Uf and wild eyes. He was trembling vio lently, like a man with palsy. ,ibyl went up to him. She took hold of bin with convulsive hands. M" Hs anything happened to Prudence Garr " she demanded. -No, no-nothing, I swear to you I" he answered. ?ut he looked dazed, frightened, he stared : her in a helples, bewildered kind of way that was both paurling and alarming. . What is the matter with you, man I ' the ox.sekeeper exclaimed. "You look as if you irlena ghost." . Well, maybe I have. Get your keys, Mrs TInrit and come away with me. I've some. thing to say to you.' Sibyl's hand was still on his arm, her anxious eyes on his fare. \- itsr Garr has gone;" he aid to her. I *You know the old man wouldn't lie to you" S Sibyl fell back. She yielded the keys mechanic ly to Mrs Turfit's greedy and im. pudent clutch. She was not thinking of her, b:t watching that old man's face with a thrilled anl desperate y.throbblng heart. What was the story it told f What had he seen- what ghost! What was the meaning of that eager. P pitying, wondering, doubting. startled look t m his eyes as he gaed at her 1 Why should it make her think of Kenrick, t whom this old man had loved so well ! She fell on her knees when they had all gone out, sobbing wildly : "My darling-my darling-my darling!" "Now, then, what is it!" Mrs TarOt de. manded of James Reese, as they were going r aong one of the corri tors, after locking the I tower doors on poor Sibyl. Sbh had sent all the rest of them on ti, their beds, and she and the gardner had gone into the diaing-room. It is just this, Mr. Turflt-- have seen the ghost of sir Prnrcel I wasn't asleep, and I didn't imagine it. I saw it as plain a I see you now." "The ghost of a live man ? Wust are you talking about f" " I don't eare," James said, stoutly. "I was coming into the house, after putting r Miss Garr in the carriage, and it stood right a there by the big snowball bush. It is moon. light, you know, and the moon shone full on b his face. Wait now, and let me tell you. It thought it was .Mr Prince himself, though I his face was a deal whiter and thinner-lite than his was when he ran screaming out of yon tower room. He looked so strange I I was just going to speak to him, when Mr a Prince's own window, which opens that way, I you know, was lifted, and he called to me to know what was going on down there. Thought he heard a carriage, he said. I was c that scared I could hardly speak, but I tol. I him Miss Garr had just gone away in a car. I riage to catch the trait at ilampton, and he swore at me horribly, and slammed the win. dow down, and when I looked back for the t ghost it was gone." Mrs Tarfit laughed contemptuously. " Well, I've heard of old people getting v their second sight, but I guess you have got your first and second all at once," he said, n ;You see double first-rate, James. If that is t all, you can go to bed, and I'll take care of t the ghosts. Good night I" She sent him off, and stool a moment I pondering, wondering if she should go and s give her keys to Mr Prince. " I won't do it !" she muttered. " Ile is in no condition to have them. I will keep them till morning anyway, and now that Lucy Venter has gone, he may want me to keep them all the tme." f She felt that she would like that. Then I she went to her own rooms, which were on a lower floor, and consisted of a handsome I pari..r and bedroom. As she entered the first, she laughed scornfully; " Ghost, indeed I" she exclaimed, and then stoo stilL Something had moved near her. A curious, creepy feeling went over her. She sprang quickly and turned up the go, her heart in her throat. o The next moment she barely stifiid as scream. " It is only I-Kenrick i'rince. Don't you know me, Mrs Turfit 1" said a roice that went through her like a current of electri F city-why, she did not psause to think. "Mr Princer" she stammered, all her senses in a whirl, staring at him with won. dering, frightened eyes. What had he done to himself since she saw him such a short time before In that I tower- rooml I hy, if he had not called his l own name, she would hardly have known b him, he ws so white, so wild.looking. The thought did ash over her that per. haps e had seen the ghost, or whatever it -as, that had scared lleoe. Nerer was a man so altered before in so short a time. "D.m'l yu know me!" he said again, In hollow, despairing aecento "You don'ta look as if you did." 1 The housekeeper stood in an utter stupe faction of bewddermenft. Wan it because he hai been drinking that madle him so look so dreadtully, so changed! t "Yoo-- you look so strange I" she stlam. merd again. Are you 1111 \What has hap. pened to you l" a \- You would not believe me if I told you," he said. "I have been in bell, Turft--l hare, truly." As he spoke he went toward her Hit r shire teeth were clenched, He looked wan and wasted thin to a shadow. "' ity me-help me 1" he muttered, lifting sch anguished, horror.mflled eyes to her facee that the houaekeeper extended her bands " Don't I Oh, don't take on so, Mr I'rine 1" lIe caught' the hands in his with the stangest cry, and dropping his poor, ghastly I and brggard face upon them, burst into tears. CHAPTER XXIX. 1 The bouekeeper aw that ha was trembling to that he could scarcely stand, and she drew him so a chair. He sank into the enshioned depths of the large easy chair and lay with closed eyes, hke s man weary and exhausted almost unto death. Mrs Turfit stood and gazed at him in be. I wulderad wonder. What had changed him so frightfully She could not understand it, Suddenly there was a slight sound outside her door,. Iter vistdtor started wildly and stared.in that direction. "Lock it, for God's sake I" ho' whispereld, with shakUing lilfp. She went toward the door, thinking she w o?li turn the key to humor him, when before she could reach it it opened, and the impostorappeamed uponthe threshold, staring with eyes that seemed as If they would drop ort of their socketa at the fgure in the chair. His jaw fell, his swollen checks seemed to Uollapse, and the purple l?ah on his fare i fad~ to a leaden, irid pallor,. He leansa heavily against the dooerup0, staring. r Turfit IY w frly graspIng for brasth. " Two of themrI'! slm emeesrad, ia nomb- l _t accents, wondeineg If she mr not loling he alad. " N?ot dad " Jasper ejacalated,almost nn. onsciously, icy hads aerming all at once to dclutch him. Ills breath came thick, his libs seemdd paralysed, . Wa he tgid! Did bhse evens remeabef In this sapreme moment the agoniesl of reorse he had alered, the pangs of guilty feathat had torn hissl tll NotataQit Hle ely felt that the man . idatl b h a jola and whom he ppas dad ds aa .lIIad ans beak to tI ke from him all that he had won by his wickedness, and he hated him more bitterly than Cain did Abel. Kenrick, too, seemed stunned with amaze ment at first sight of his brother. " You here I" he exclaimed at last, in stern and bitter tones. "How is thatl Hlow come you here l Where do you suppose I have beenl To prison in your placeI Sleeping in a felon's cell that belonged to you I How is it Why are yon here while I was there ! I could never convince Captain Dunning that I was not Kick Halsey. He sneeed and mocked at everything I said. and he swore that if I contrived to get away from prison every day in the year, just so often would he hbunt me down and take me back. He is after me now; he may come into this house at any moment. What are you going to do about it Which shall he take I' Jasper was thinking fast, He glanced at the housekeeper and saw that she was com pletely confounded and bewildered. Every. thing that Kenrick had siold was to her as if t he had spoken in an unknoown tongue " My dear boy," he exclaimed, suddenly, "Captain Dunning shan't have either of us -not you, at any rate. Come with me and let us talk it over. How tired you look! Have you been ill 1" lie went and put his arm around Kenrick with an affectionate air. " Come l" he said, gently. At the same time he looked at Mrs Tarfit, behind his brother. and touching his fore. head significantly, shook his head gloomily. Poor Kenrick had been through so much, and, however he had escaped from Captain Dunning, wis still sufferinu from the effects of Doctor Varle's wicked drugs. His brain was very far from clear. He i had suffered so much, been mocked at, jeered, and derided, that a kmd word sank into his soul. I lie was so weak in body and mind that, after the first indignant outburst, his eyes fillel with tears at his wicked brother's k hyvocritical kindness and ,loving manner, and he let Jasper take him where he would. Jasper spoke to Mrs Turtit as they were going out. The housekeeper had scarcely moved since he made his appearance at the door. Ii "IV n't you brinm us a lunch to my room f' he said, graciously. "Our friend h-re seems faint. A few oysters, any cold meat, anything that comes handy, and.at hottle of win-." " No wine for me!' Kearick broke in, de. ciledly. "TYou know how I hate it. don't It vu. Mrs "Turfit 1 B-ing me one of those telicious cupe of tea you know., , ' well bo, ", brew. llay a one you hare made for me." The housekeeper gave him a quick, excited a look, and Jasper bit his lip sasagely. n "One to the bad," he thought. "Why s' couldn't I remember how odd he always was about wine:" f" As he conducted Kenrick slowly along to h his apartments he wondered, with a chilly thrill, what. was meant about t'aptain 1 Dunning. Could there be anything in it h "Itow queer too" he thought, "that he says nothing about his wife " h EKnrick Prince .asksl after his mother, b antd uasper evasively told him she was well, b but he never mentioned Sibyl. his wife. h IIe was quite clear that he had been in si prison in his convict brother's place, but he e could not tell how he got there. He remem bered nothing about the railway disaster, Is I),ctor Varle, or his marniage. h in short, something very queer seemed to hare happened to his mem ry. It was partly g the result of his injuries and partly Doctor a Varlr's drugs. Jasper was quick to se that something i, was wrong and to exult in it. It made h what he meant to do just so much easier. h "If I only knew certainly whether Dun. ning has had him I" he msed, anxiously, his blood chilling at the very thought. "' But 1 h believe he only imagines that." Mrs Turfit came presently with the lunch be had ordered, and he could see by the way she lookel at Kenrick that she was excited and suspicions. "IHow bothered she is I" he thought. "She can't make it out." As the housekeeper left the room, her nat row, pale eyebruws were contracted thought fully,and her thin lips compressed in an ex. e' pressian that meant mischief to somebody. "T' k goodness he didn't ask for the tl keys I1 she said. as she turned her steps to- it ward Ihe tower-rooms once more. " I am almost sure, myself," she muttered, with the same cunning, wicked look, h "though he is mightily changed. But here Is somebody will know I" Sibvl Prince had not thought of retiring. a The old gardener's looks haunted her. She had been walking about all the time, is up and down, up and down, trying to calm and check the wild, strange thoughts that li would sweep over her, but in rain. n What was it the gardenerhadseen What ha-i made him look at her in that white. b puzzled way: Ghosts! What ghaot whose ghost! The lovely eyes were burning bright, the k sweet face flushed with the fever of thought t, that consumed her. At sight of Mrs Turfit's mean, maliclous p face, she stood still. her handsclasped tightly, outwardly calm, though deadly pale, while ti her heart beat fiercely against her side. The housekeeper wa looking at her with h the same exprelion, James Reese had worn. Mrs Turfit's thin lips parted in a slow, cold smile. "It is an utter impossibility for you to even guess what I am here for," she said, in a hateful and malicious voice, "and yet to look at you one would think you knew," Sibyl did not otter a word, but her looks showed that she was suffering. The housekeeper would have liked to tor ture her longer, but she was too impatient b herself. " Come with me I" she said, going quickly out of the room. Sibyl clasped her hands upon her braving boxom, and followed in silence. The woman went straight back to the cl room in which she left the two men at their d lunch. At the door she paused, looking strangely a at Sibyl. From within came the sound of the two voices plainly-one so different from the t other-though they could not distinguish a word. Sibyl's beautifnl face was white as death. g Her large eyes burned as with white dfames. As she movel forward, Ms Turfit shrank h out of her way. Sibyl put her hand upon thedoor. It was 6 locked. , Bhe turned upon the housekeeper with a tierce and desperate gestsre. The woman stared excitedly. Then she almost nran down the puassage to another door , andtried iit Asisyieded toher hk d, she a whirled and caught Sibyl by the arm. " You can go through thit, right Into the room where they are," sh said, hurriedlty, pushing her a little rand following quickly a Sibyl darted to the door indicated anad wrenched it open. Jasper Prince sat directly opposite. The glass of wine he was just lifting to his lips fell with a crash. t There was only one face, in the whole wide world, he would not rather have seet at this moment than Sibyl's, ad that was Captain John Dunning'. Kenrick's brek was to the door. Ie had not seen his wife yet. There was one chance for Jastp to fling himself on Sibyl and threus her oat of the room, before her husbarnd dids her. He leaped at her like a tiger. But, ,luicker still, she eluded him, lsuhed irom his outstretched hands and fell allmd ?att ing at Kenrick'sf es. Ths susda stSmUs', Japer stood glaring, longing, l t ot I daring, to tear the bhautlal weosa fIotaet plaie, ?n drag her haee to tlhe towrsoas" 1 Ms Tort had come Into the pert?? s at and was standing very nar, bet ha hwl at seen her. " Look at your brother t" she whispered. I "lHe don't know her." Juper lifted his eyes to Kenrick's face, I and a shivre of horrible ezulak, ma I throngh him. . *It' true I Ie has forgottea her, tool" I he muttered, through hIs c~cacd tth. II The rooml was very still, lbl kl, hall1 embracing her husband, her lool q fastened upon his handsome, heggard face with the prast(t as upsi. srely,' thtI ever a Woman's countenance Wore. Her ashy lips moved over the words, "Not dad, not dead " just as Jasper had said, but no sound came from them. She was stricken dumb with awe and wonder. Kenrick sat like a statue. lie might have been a stone, for all sign of recognition in the sad biack eyet, that looked so strangely into those of his wife. Gradually the horror of it crept over her. The rapturous smile which had parted her soft lips at first, froze there. Into the sweet, white face came an agony of fear,incredulity and despair, beyond words. " Ken," she breathed at last, faintly " Ken l" CIIATMII XXX. SOMEI DIAMOND RIN1S. There was no answer-oly strange, pity. ing stare from the unhappy man-a forced, mechanical smile. lier arms fell away from him. She rose slowly and stilffly to her feet. " Father in heaven I" she ejaculated. " Is this my Kenrick, or only another cheat 1 Or have I gone mad at last, a they tried to make me 1 Kenrick-my Ken-my be loved I" She reached and touched his hand with hers. ' Yo are Ken-yes, you are I But oh, my God, how strangely you look at meo " She covered her face with her hands; her sobs tiled the room- sounds of fearful, of heartrending woe and anguish. Kenrick Prince turned to his brother, He lifted his thin, white, trembling hands wit., a piteous gesture of amazement, deprecation and pain. Jasper saw his opportunity. Hle came foward. His most wicked look in the hand same, wicked eves that were so wonderfully like, so horribly unlike his brother Ken rick's. " You don't know this young lady-do you, Ken I" he said, in his sprightliest manner. "You don't know who she is I" "I don't, indeed I" Kenrick answered, knitting his ptle, delicate brows anxiously. Jasper was trembling from head to foot with the excitement of the situation. His volte sounded hoarse and thick as he spike. It was such an awful, audacious, dastardly lie which he uttered. "My brother." he said, "this is my wife." He paused to see if Kenrick would con tradict him; but he did not. Sibyl lifted her head. Jasper did not look at her. "She takes you for me," he went on. " We look so much alike, you know." " liut she called me by my name." " You must p rdon her for that. She is a little wrong in her head. She has heard me speak of you. She calls me Kenrick sometimes." Sibyl's sobs had ceased, She stared from one to the other, stunned with I horror. " Poor girl !" Kenrick murmured, very c low, looking at her compassionately with c his beautiful, kind eyes. Jasper's first impulse was to go and put his arm round Sibyl; but he thought i better of it, and moving to a position just behind his brother, leaned slightly over him, and from this vantage ground be- . stowed.upon the dazed girl a sneering and exultant smile. For the first time in all Sibyl's know. ledge of him, the wretch really frightened her. She felt as though an iron hand were gripping her heart, and slowly crushing all the life blood out of it. Hef brain reeled, her senses seemed go ing, an awful blackness was swallowing her. She struggled against it with all I her might, but in vain. She was falling falling " Jasper and Kenrick both sprang to rare her. It was her husband who reached her first, tiuttering as he caught her a low cry of tenderest compassion and dismay that thrilled her to the soul, and drove back, au if by magic, the tide of unconsciousnes. She had juststrength,when Jasper tried to take.her from that dear clasp, to lift one white arm sad wind it round he husband's neck, as with. dying clutch, It wasnot easy to remove her. Jasper was alarmed. lIe took !hold of the delicate arm, sad pulled suite roughly I in his effort to loose it. Sibyl moaned feebly. " Don't! Can't you see you are hurting I her?" Kenrick exclaimed, almost fiercely. Jasper fell back with a suppeessed oath. " You had better lay her down some where,'I suggested lMr Turit, saeetly. " It is always better to lay a person down I in a fainting fit." "-Of course. Put her on this couch, I Ken !" exclaimed Jasper, bustling into the next room. t Sibyl's arm tightened about her hus- I band's neck. "Darling !" she whispered, agonisedly, " Don't you remember Lily? Don't you I know Lily ? Oh, try and remember. Do i try, beloved !" t "Let me help you, Mr Kenrick," inter posed Mrs Turfit. " You don't look fit." Kentick stared at her with bewildered, troubled looks. r "Lily ?" he murmured. "Lily ? Where I have I heard that name before i" "It is my wife's name," Jasper id, coolly. And pith a sudden fierce wrench he tore Sibyl from his brother's claspan bore her I into the next room., Kenrick remained, staring straight be. fore him with wild, fled locmks and histwo hands holding his head.t " Lily ?" he muttered, still with quiver-t inglipi "Lily? Lily?" uthoughhewas I trying to rember. Sibyl retained her consciousness per tectly, but she felt fit sa d wk, and s, adhe wanted time to think. I as Jasper placed heron the roach, she closed her eyes and pretended to be in a deep swoon,. Jasper stood over, with clenched hands and grinding teeth, listening to his brother. Mrs Turfit stepped up beside him steal thily. "You're in a pretty tight place, I should say," she whispered. "What will you give mq to help you out ?"Y' He ltoked at her keenly a moment; then he put his hand in his pocket, and pulled cut three handsome diamond rings'- soli taire,a?clusterand a circle; the last set with fivr beautifulbrilliants of great lustre and purty. "3My mother's rings," he said "You I may haye your pick f you get her back ] into tht tower without him seeing her again-nd keep her there !" he added. T''he bousekeeper's eyes gleamed with I avarice nd vanity. "Yo~rt'll need my help straight on:' she said. 'I Give them all to me, and I'll see J te e h Inmrdly he. curmed her for her greediness. " Yoe can't do one thing without me," the woean whisperedagain. "Where is Miss Garr " he asked. "Shewa tohbedrivetotheeattion. I don't kldow any more than that. Gone for help for Mrs Kenrick, it's likely," the 1 woman eaid, with a jerk of her head toward Sibyl dd brosd grin. Jasperl started. Dangers were thicken ing aroond him. Dunning might appear at ay moment. Miss Garr had gone to him. But the most imminent peril was this, sight hbee now facing him. At anr cost Sibyl and her husband must be kept .part. Hel e must have to aceomplish it he cold do nothing alone-and there was no one to furnish it in Bdle's absence ex. cejt thi woman, and he ahould harve to bribe hr anyway to make her hold her Een ee shrank from the descrtion of using hi mother's rings for such a pur. poe, but he had po rmonel. Mrs Turfit wra watching him. The hithestocrinigrg and subeervrient house keepe I altered her demeanour greatly wi t lt oias ur. I jse sa bwI~a uda, mwo, l:sulgIirp~yr m "I shouldn't think you'd want to con sider of it long," she said. " I might snake you pay me more-a great deal more-sow I know who you ain't and what you are." Jasper shuddered. In the next room he could see Kenrick excitedly walking up and down, still re peating over in anxious, troubled tones: "Lily! Lily! Lily!" lie knew that strangely vanishing memory might come back at any moment. lie extended his hand with the rings-a marvellous glittering heap. " Take them i" he mid. The woman grabbed them with a bsurd engerness that would have been laugable under any other circumstances. " Now attend to her," Jasper said, sternly, "and do it well I Get her away from here just as quickly as possible. Will you do it 1" " I wil." It never occurred to Japer to wonder how she would do it. He went into the next room, closing the door between the two carefully. Mrs Turfit stood for an instant gloating over her rings ; then, with a glance at Sibyl, stepped to the closed door and stood trying to hoer what was going on beyond. Sibyl cautiously opened her eyes a little. The door by which the cunning house keeper stood was at some distance from the coach, and her back was to that. At the foot of the couch was the door into the hall through which Sibyl had come a little before when she broke in so unexpectedly upon Jasper and his most unwelcome guest. This last door Sibyl reolved to reach, and if posesible escape by it. Everything-her husband's life, her all of hope or happiness-she felt depended on her retaining her liberty, and not falling again into Jasper's power. Her strength had come back to her at the awful, the frightful need for it. Her mind was steady and clear. Carefully, noiselessly, she drew herself up, first to a sitting posture, and let her limbo slip gently to the floor. the housekeeper's ear was close to the door, her eyes devouring her rings, which already adorned one short, pudgy hand. She could only distinguish a word now ant then of what was going on in the neat room, bu Kenrick's voice was raised slightly, while Jasper seemed to be argutlg gently with ham, in silky tones Sibyl was off the couch now. Her slip pered feet mate no sound as she glidel a few steps, till she reached the door into the hall, and had her hand upon it. It yieldal to her touch as silently a though its h:nges had been of down, and she tittedl through it ltke a shadow ery shortortly after Mrs Turfit glanced. carelessly toward the couch, and saw that it was empty. The malicious and spiteful housekeeper was perhaps never so near tainting in her life. She saw that the door at the foot of the couch was partly open. She sprang to it wildly. "She can't be gone more than a minute," she muttered, as she darted through, ran along the corridor and down the broad stair way leading to the front door. The big double doors were both swinging, and she fancied she could see Sibyl Prince running some distance down the avenue. She went after her a little way, and then stopping, deliberately retraced her steps "What is the use of being a fool 1" she told herself, angrily. '. I couldn't catch her if I tried, and if I overtook her I could not make her come back. She has gone after help, and she will get it, too. The best I can do is to go back to the house and make all I can out of this business before there is a grand smash.up." She went inside, closed and locked the great double doors carefully, and then has tened to the tower, where she locked the door communicating with the main part of the mansion. She had just accomplished this, when she saw Jasper Prince coming hurriedly towards her, breathless and pale. CHAPTER XXXI. DORCAS BUIL HRLBD FRO. As Mrs Turfit saw Jasper Prince ap proaching, breathlessa and palsJe, her first thought was that he had discovered Sibyl's flight. But he had not. He s?pposed that she had just locked his hapless brother's lovely young wife into the tower rooms. "is she safe? Did she make you any trouble ?" he demanded, eagerly. Mrs TurfSt's spirits rose, as she aw that he did not suspect anything wrong. She was panting violently, from the haste she had just been making. -"Yes, she made me a good deal of trouble," she answered, audaciously. "If I had not been an uncommonly strong woman, I could never have got her here at all. I had to hold her mouth with one hand, to keep her from screaming, and drag her with the other. Did you hear us?" " I didn't hear anything:st all," Jasper said " Perhaps you were making too much noise yourself," the hoasekeeperswggested, boldly. le looked at ho sharply. "I see your curiosity is very much excited over my visitor," he said, in slow, cold tones. "I will tall you about him. He is a sort eof distnt coss of mia who ha been troubled with just such steange fancies as you heard him expres, a good many yeYrs. e becomes very vidolemt st times, and his frilda have been obliged to keep him under restaint in coasequ?ace. I presume some of them will be here in sarch of him by, or perhaps before, morning. Meanwhtle, if you should hear any unsnual noise, you will know what itI means." The small, beady.eyes of the house keeper, and the wicked black ones of the man, met in a slow, keen gae. "I shall believe just as much of that story sas I am paid to believe, Mr Halsey!" the housekeeper said. His face darkened suddenly. lie went toward her a step "If you ever-mark me, ever," he hissed -"call me by that name again, I will choke you with these two hands till every atom of breath is out of your body I" Mrs Turfit turned green with fear. She put up both hands. "Keep off, keep off !" she cried, "or I'll scream!" "You fool!"he returned. "lI'dstusngle the first sound in your throat. Shut up! I haven't touched yous but I will, if you Put on too may airs. And dmn't talk to me about pay! You have got your pay for to-night's domgs, and you will get no more at present." The housekeeper was thoroughly cowed. 8he bega to edge away from him cautiously. "If he finds out 8ibyl Prince has gone, he will murder me sure," she thought. "I--I think I will go to bed, if yo don't need me," she sid. She went ttward her own aprtmenta, sad Jasper returned to his. If Mrs Turfit had a soft place in her heart, it was for Kenrick Prinoe. The plain, fussy, middle - woma had been silly enough to imagine h el in love with the haidme young heir, and her hatred o Sibyl wsi envy aad spite, growing sot d that f!hnes.. She only went a little way toward her own rooms, and stole back after Jasper as soon as she daed. "He sha't hurt him," she mauttered. " I won't have that, and I'll tell him so if tries. 1'll rouse every mrveat ia thehoue tostopit. I d' feel one bit r seepl. I'll go into a dof thos rooms a the other side of the hall sad watch. Theres dasger of too tenny things happkiag here before daylight for me to go to bed."' She could hear ar slight movemet in Jasper's partamenta, but no voies. She wonde?r?4 to heneelf if enrick Prince could be aelep. She satdown by the door, with it slightly apart, to listen. But sle war not usedto watchiag. 8he burquYedlS 1tialst, whea she wee romued by the clanging of the front en trance bell. She started up, cold sad stiff, and looking wildly about her, unable at. first to remember where she was. Then it all came back to her. The door bell rang again. "That is Sibyl Prince," the housekeeper rid. I "She is bringing the officers to arrest somebody." And she began to tremble. She took the diamond rings out of her pocket and looked at them. "I wish I had not taken them," she thought. "But I don't believe she knows." And she put them back in her pocket. Then she heard Jasper come out of his room and go downstairs. Ie had discovered it was only a mes senger boy from Hampton, and he hurried to see what he had brought. Mrs Turfit darted across the hall and tried his door. It was not locked. She went through into the inner room. A low cry broke from her lips. Kenrick Prince, tied hand and foot, and gagged with a stout handkerchief, lay on the couch where Sybil had lain but a little while before. His eyes wereelosed. A big purple lump on one side of his pale fore had told its own tale. the housekeeper almost fainted with horror. " He has killed him-he will kill me too," she thought. Kenrick Prince was not dead, however. He opened his eyes, and looked at the house keeper, with a dumb agony of appeal that haunted her to her dying day. But she dared not stop. Already she fan cied she could hear Jasper returning. Bunning out of the room, she re-locked the door with shaking fingers and hurried through the other into the corridor. Jasper Prince was just coming back, his expected telegram in his hand. He looked pale and excited, troubled and angry, If he had not been utterly confused and startled by the strange contents of the telegram, he must have noticed Mrs Turfit's frightened appearance. The housekeeper stammered something about having jus: come from the tower, and being on her way to the door to see who had rang, hbut he scarcely looked at her. Grumbling something almost inaudible, he pushed redely past her, went into his room and locked the door after him. His telegram was from Belle, of course, though it was signed " Dorcas Ruel." But it was a very different message from that he had expectel : ' Am most unavoidably detained. Bust. nps of utmost importance to you. Thunder in the air 1 .san coming to see you. Be cautious !-DoRcAs RUEL." Jasper Prince was utterly confounded. His perils, instead of lessening, seemed to thicken about him. lie missed Belle horribly. She always mw a way. to help him oat of his troubles. What did she mean by "thunder in the air" and "man coming to see you 1" Could she mean Dunning? She might have got hold of the situation about Kenrick, and suddenly it occurred to him that she might have been at the bottom of the whole mystery. Dunning could never have got hold of Kenrick without somebody helping him. But he had to give it up. lie was half wild with excitement, nervousness, and anxiety. Captain Dunning might appear at any moment, and he should have to face him rdmself, or ri? worse-though really it seemed as if nothing could be worse. He felt that he could never go through with it without betraying himself. If he had known that, in addition to all the rest, Sibyl Prince was at liberty, he would have thought that the situation was desperate indeed. "If I could gve Kenrick something to put him asleep, he thought, "it would be so much ea?ier managing him. I wonder If Doctor Varle did not leave some sort of sleeping staff in his room 1 I will go and see." He went out of his room, carefullylocking his door. He found Mrs Turfit in her own apart. ment looking very uneasy and anxious, even at sight of him. He asked her for the keys of the tower. The scared woman's teeth fairly chattered. "I--I am afraid I have lost them," she stammered. "I have been looking every. where for them." At this moment the door-bell rang again. "I had better go and see who that is," the pale housekeeper said, glad of any excuse to get away from him. It might be Sibyl Prince with a whole posse of constables at her back; but any. thing was better than this man just now. Jasper was white with apprehension, and let her go. He followed noiselessly to the head of the great stairway, and watched from that lunrk. ing place, while she opened the door and ad. mitted a gentleman a total stranger, as Jasper saw; yet his heart sank with vague doubt and dread. He heard the stranger ask for Mr Prince; then he gave Mrs Turfit a letter to take to him. Jasper drew back out of sight as the housekeeper came up with the letter and moved slowly along the upper hall, turnming the letter orer and over, studying the out. side as though she would give anything to haow the contents. SHe stepped softly behind her, and, reach. Ing:over her shoulder, snatched the letter out of her hand The woman barely suppressed a scream. Jasper hurried away to his own room to read the letter. Hlie would not trust himself to do so where the housekeeper could see him. It was from Belle, he perceived instantly, and bore, beside the superscription, the legend: , Recommending Mr Oervase Trent for the position of valet" Juper stared, livid with rage, fear, and wonder. " What does she meant" he muttered, as he wrenched the envelope off. "tlY DEARt NP'saw," he read: "Sorry to disappolnt you, but I can't come quite yet. I dare not explain on paper why I stay. I will be with you positively to.morrow morning if you send a carriage to meet me at the 10 o'clock express." " To-~moreo I" Jasper interjected. "She might as well never come. sat he read on: S"Meanwhile, keep on the right side of the gentleman who brings you this. He has a fancy to hire to you as valet, and you had better engage him of his oun pries till I come. In fact, youn must do so. There is no getting round that More when I come. Your affectionate aunt, DoacAs Rbret." Jasper fairly ground his teeth. "Worse and worse and more of it," he said. "Well, I have got to see Mr Trent right away, and find what I have to expect. There is evidently danger in the man, some how, and he has to be conciliated till Belle gets back, rnasy. Oh, if Dunning will only keep off I" He rnag his bell. It wau still early, but the servants were beginning to show themselves. One of them answered the mamons, and was told to bring Mr Treant spat one. "I don't like having him here with Ken. rick in yonder," he muttered; "but it can't be helped." (To be Cosftiaed.) 