ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. The council of tho Zoological .Society of New South Wales held their usual monthly meeting at tho gardens yesterday afternoon. .Sir Henry Purkes (president) occupied the chair, and there were also present Messrs. .John Keep (hon. treasurer), Charles Moore, .James Ihuiiet, J. Thompson, W. Colls, Cap tain Ghost, and Mr. W. if. Catlett (hou. soerotary). Tho secretary's report showed that for the live weeks ending October 5 the receipts at the gates had been £164 4s 3d, from the elephant £7 9s 3d, from the donkey and pony £4 13s 3d, making a total of £176 6s 9d. Tho gate monov represented 8261 visitors, 4873 adults and 339.1 children. Lur ing the sumo period the gardens had been visited by 225 public school children accom- pancd by eight teachers. Discussion took place on the financial position of the society, wnieli is very tow at the present time, ami tho question of the grant in aid likely to bo made by the Government. Eventually it was decided that Mr. Thoinpsou should interview tho Premier and ascertain from him what help might be expected from the Government. One or two other routine and unimportant matters were also dealt with. Sinco tho last monthly mooting of the coun cil tho following donations, 111 kind, had been received from the ladies and gentlemen whoso names were appended Prilled lizard, presented by J. N. Sergeant, Harris-street; echidna, by W. J. Whitfield, North Hyde; collection of wliito rats, by Muster 11. Shipway, Surry-hills ; two black ducks, by E. 11. K. Crawford, Pinnacle; two salamanders, by Captain Shannon, s.s. Cat- tcrtlmu; "North American fauna," No. 7, by U.S. Department of Agriculture, Wash ing, U.S.A.; opossum, Alias Nellie Fulton, Snail's Bav; Piji owl. Miss Tliiele, Stan- more; wallaby, by Air. George Thornton, A1.L.0., Sydney; owl, by C. Beatty, Pen rith ; wcdgc-tailled eagle, by Al. N. iliwl- mursh, Kiania ; three roscllus, by Airs. 0. Bouvorie Thirkell, North Sydney ; diamond snake, by J. Buchanan, St. Leonards. A public meeting to arrange for the second nursing class in connection with tho Peter sham branch of the St. John Ambulance Society was held in the Petersham Town-hall on Wednesday afternoon. The courso of lectures, as explained by the honorary secre tary, will include preparation of a sickroom, treatment of infectious and non-iufcotious cases, details of nursing, disinfection, venti lation, together with practical illustrations of bow to lift and move helpless patients and how to apply tho roller bandage. Twenty- two names were enrolled, and it was an nounced that Dr. J. h\ Al'Allister, of Eumorc, surgical tutor Sydney University, would lec ture, and liia recent experience na medical superintendent of Prince Alfred Hospital should servo to make his lectures doubly in teresting. The eo. operators of the United Kingdom have held their annual festival at the Crys tal Palace. On August 18 an exhibition of horticultural products from co- operators' gardens was opened, and it was stated that the exhibition was larger than that of last year. In tho afternoon, Mr. T. A. Brassoy delivered an address upon co-operation us an antidote to strikes, and in the evening a fes tival of labor meeting was held. 