Mrs. Harrison Lee's Mission. MEETING FOE WOMEN. The above meeting, which was held in the Congregational Church, yaesterday afternoon. was largely attended. Mrs. Payne, president of the Ipswlihob Union, occupied the chair. The proceedings were opened with devotional caxer oises, after which Mrs. Payne, in the name of the white ribboners, extended a cordial wel. come to Mrn. Lee, and briefly introdnoed her to the audience. Mrs. Lna thanked the elesters for their wel come, and then proceeded to deal with the subject of heredity from a Biblical point of view. Heredity wae a easbject about which there had been a great deal of ignoranoe. It had always been nderatood that certain diseases were ontagione-for instance, emall. pox, meamlese, &o;, but heredity waee a mtter which was butlittle understood. Mise Frenoes Willard had once said that children had two inaolienable righte-the right to be born well, and the right to be reared well. If this were traue, a great many children were cheated ont of their rights. But this was the renlt of ignorance. "Through lack of knowledge, tbhe people are destroyed." The New Testament slaId, "To virtue add knowledge," and know ledge mnet be one of the weapome with which we meet fight the powerful foe alcohol. The directions given by the angel to the mother of Simeon were forsibly dealt with by the speaker, abstinence from alcohol and unolean or unwholerome food being epecislly em phasized. It was a beantiful thought that the strongest baby ever born into the world was a teetotal baby. But there might be those present who would say, "Yes, I would like my child to be strong and healthy, bht belter than that, I would like it to be noble and good." Woold the came coarse of oondoot eneare this rualt. alaoe ? It was said of John the Baptist that he should drink neither wine nor atrong ddok, and that he should be filled with the Holy Ghost. What mother present woeld not like her son to have a charecster like that of John, of whom it was also said "Many shall rejoioc at his birth I' The wonderful law of heredity weas st work, and of soob parente each a son wae born. The' wokinge of this law were dimly recognimed now by many people who wonld say of their bchildren. "O, he has his father'a temper;" or ' Sie is joit like her grandmother." There were those who would say, "Oh, you can't have children made to order, but the wonderfol and beautiful thought waa that children o0uld be made to order. By following oat God's laws, phyaioal and spiritual, parente might make of their bchildren what they pleased. When abe firat began her work as a publio speaker, she had been interviewed by a men at the alonse of one meeting, who taid that although his parents were CGbrietian people, he was a born drunkard, for they were moderate drinkers. His mother would not tink of giving her child beer at the age of three yeare, but tbought nothing of giving it beer at the age of three months. As a consequence her son had a constant struggle against hie in berited appetite, and did not even then know how it would end. Many noreing mothers were under the impression that ale wam very nouriahiag, but abe held in her hand the analysis of a barrel of ale, which proved that any woman who wiahed to get one quart of nonrishment from it, would have to drink 144 quarte of ale in order to doseo. The case of the woman whose twin babies died from the effoes of a dose of chlorodyne which she took, was in stanoed by the eptaker to chow that spirits of tany kind had a great effect upon the children. The mo:her's diet while nursing shomld cone:at mainly of groel, milk, and unfermented wine. She hoped to see the day when wine should be the daily drink of the people, but it mseet be wine without a grain of alcohol in it, the pure jeice of the grape, as God meant we should have it. No melt shbould be given to children under ten yeare of age. Brown bread, plenty of raw raisiine, and pure water, shoeld form their staple diet. Dress should be carefully studied with a view to health-no steels for the girls, no heavy weights depending from the walts, and no tight boot. Bout, although all thbee things were important with regard to the body, the training of the odn was of more im portance still, and she prayed that the mothern present might train their children so that they woold be able to say to God "Here am I and the children which bhoe baet given me." After e iogiog a hymn, Mrs. LEn earnestly appealed to all present who had not already joined the union to do so, and in reeponse to her invitation, three ladies enrolled themselves as membera. 