THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. The "Glorious Twelfth" has passed, and all the Orange orators have gone off as usual, like the popping of so many sodawater corks. As usual, also, there has been no blood- shed, no outrage on the liberty of the sub- ject, not even an arrest for drunkenness by that terribly Irish body, the Australian police. Somehow these "no popery" demon- strations seem to me a little out of place in a country where every man has a right to his own religion, and where most men exer- cise it in the most embarrassing manner. For, as a rule, the "Seventeenth of Ould Ireland" passes off without more than 16 murders on the Prince's bridge and 32 agrarian outrages at the intersection of Russell and Little Lonsdale streets. I am quite ready to believe, too, that Councillor McMahon has not more than five assassina- tions all told on his conscience, and that the five men and three boys whom Mr. Dan. White shot on the St. Kilda road really did owe him money of convertible phaetons and other luxuries affected of the Sassenach. After all, the worst of these national "chivoos" is that they inspire otherwise harmless individuals to go out and murder something—if only the Queen's English—as will appear from the following confes- sion:— No dweller of Parnassus, I, whose mighty songs aspire To stately ode, or monumental fable Mine but to hymn in lowlier strains upon a fainter lyre The interesting items of the cable. I twine the tender adjectives to fashions quaint and new— With a little dash of topical allusions, And a dactyl, or a spondee, and an active verb or two I wreathe my slight poetical effusions— For no matter what it be, It's all the same to me, From a marriage to a maritime disaster— It is always followed stilt By a solo on the flute From the good old patriotic poetaster. So when to bless a Royal prince, a princess gives her hand, And the cablegrams describe the celebration, You are sure to hear me strumming, like a miniature brass band, With some "poetry inspired by the occasion." Or when a warship founders, though I'm not exactly glad, Yet I seize the chance to pen a stirring measure; And I mix up "Rule Britannia" and that luckless ironclad With a certain sense of melancholy pleasure. For its all the same to me Whatever it may be, From a marriage to a maritime disaster— I'm quite prepared to sing On any blessed thing, Like a pious, patriotic poetaster. Then on "ould Ireland's seventeenth"—St. Patrick's natal day— I mix up mighty Dan, the Liberator, With Mr. Nick Fitzgerald in a patriotic lay, Strongly seasoned with suspicions of the "cratur." And I term the four leaved shamrock—"that most popular of herbs"— If the subject into decent rhyme won't hammer— Is it me that's going to bother with the adjectives and verbs? No! To h—l with English rule and English grammar. For whatever it may be, It's all the same to me, From a marriage to a maritime disaster— The unfailing rule is this, That there's nothing comes amiss To the really patriotic poetaster. But when the "Glorious Twelfth" comes round I tune my lyre anew, And I use such words as "Irish blood" and "slaughter." It sounds a little cruel—still what can a poet do When he's bound to find the rhymes to "Boyne" and "water"? Then I sing of "Loyal Ulster," and I blame the wicked South As the author of the troubles that convulsed her, And 1 paint the loyal patriot with a dhudeen in his mouth, Getting blazing drunk and roaring "Rouse ye, Ulster." Hands all round, God the traitor's art confound— Though the consequence be national disaster, Still I try—no matter how— To accentuate the row Like a truly patriotic poetaster. The clergy would evidently grow in use- fulness if they would act and speak less as clergy and more as citizens. To take the Rev. A. Marshall as an example. He is no doubt, as an ecclesiastic, elevating and spiritually refreshing, but who would not prefer him as a citizen—an Orange citizen— contemplating the Battle of the Boyne through the perspective of the past? Home Rule, the reverend gentleman as much as said the other evening, was "the foal of senile statecraft" from "fatuous partisanship." The phrase smacks of the turf and the stud farm. Moreover, the readiness with which it rises to Mr. Marshall's lips recalls to mind a disquieting rumour circulated about last November to the effect that one member of the Presbyterian Assembly had proposed a visit by the clergy to the Mel- bourne City, in order that they might be able to warn their flock against its temptations from the vantage point of personal experi- ence. The identity of this venturesome divine has hitherto been shrouded in hiss- tory, and as the Presbytery scouted the suggestion no one has sought to lift the veil. But there might be trouble in the kirk if the impression got abroad that any member had dispensed with the guidance of the General Assembly and pursued his studies alone. Upon the "Grand Old Juggler" and "the chartered breeding-house of disloyalty" the Rev. Mr Marshall is, however, sound as a bell, and it would be a glorious consumma- tion if his clerical avocation permitted him to enter the House and join issue in debate with Sir Bryan O'Loghlen—under Victorian, not English, rules, of course. In England, it will be observed, the fiery patriot, Sexton, is under suspension and in danger of the clock tower merely for reproving a fellow member as "grossly impertinent," while a few weeks ago the term "hired mercenary" was ruled to be unparliamentary. Which is the worse, though, "hired mercenary" or "paid barracker," the term applied by our own Mr. Shiels to Mr. W. T. Carter last week? And how would "Yah, blatherskite!" from the lips of an hon. member sound in the fastidious ear of Mr. Peel. It is only in the colonies that true liberty can be enjoyed. The magic lantern is slowly but surely eating its way into the very vitals of the people. Wherever I go at nights the sibilant hissing of the fell machine bursts upon my affrighted ears, and the terrifying contortions of the figures thrown upon the screen as they vainly attempt to adjust themselves into that perfect focus which is the aim and end of their shadowy existence produce misgivings In the minds of the most temperate amongst us. It could hardly have been expected that Dr. Springthorpe, with his passionate love for science in her most elusive moods, and the natural qualifications which he possesses for playing the part of a public entertainer, would neglect a device which appealed so strongly to both traits in his character. The epilogue of illustrated jim-jams which he contributed under cover of an awe-inspiring darkness in the body of the Assembly-hall the other evening as soon as Mr. Thwaites had unfolded the plot of the portentous drama now being enacted by the Metro- politan Board of Works was enough to make the audience tremble between its blushes. Yet in the cordial vote of thanks which was passed to Mr. Thwaites, who stood proudly on the platform in the place usually occupied by the moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly, with a pink geranium in his buttonhole and a pile of sanitary exhibits in glazed pottery around him, not a single voice was raised on behalf of that honest old typhoid fever which was good enough for our fathers to die by, and which is now to be replaced by these new fangled, sewer-gas diseases, introduced at a ridiculously cheap rate—a rate, in fact, of only 6d. in the £1. How the money goes is a tale that is easily told, but how the money fails to come in is a matter not so readily susceptible of explana- tion. Can anyone really say why the Mel- bourne public did not jostle each other up the stone staircase of the Rialto, and harry the soul of Pat McCaughan's lift boy in their anxiety to reach the offices of the board, and hand in their applications for scrip? The truth is that there are a good many reasons, which vary according to the position and tastes of the individual. Some people are anxious to contribute their spare cash towards the purchase of a wedding present for the Duchess of York while others again, are keeping their "little bit" to back Ouida for the Grand National. Many find, too that their aspirations in the direction of becoming debenture-holders are overborne by the immediate necessity of ob- taining medical comforts this cold weather and a certain class have too much worldly wisdom to dream of subscribing towards a prospective loan of £500,000 when their resources can be so administered as to enable them to taste at once the delights of "A Million of Money." These are plain and obvious facts which have been unac- countably overlooked by Mr. A. E. Moore, the vice-chairman of the finance com- mittee and which furnish ample reasons for the failure of the financial operation lately undertaken by the board. What a blessing it is for the community that the whirling, seething, eddying current of the sewerage committee is strong enough to overpower the puny barriers erected by the finance committee. Mr. A. L. Moore and his protestations are swept away by a Styles and a Tarver; and even the chairman him- self, feebly demurring to a liability of £107,000 when the funds of the board are practically nil, sinks with the "noes." Firm in the conviction that it is an ill wind which blows nobody good, the municipalities have cast about them to see how the banking crisis can be turned to account, and have not had to ruminate long. The time had come to furnish Parliament with the annual reason why municipal overdrafts should not be paid off according to law, and the bank suspen- sions were eagerly seized upon as the very thing. The ancient plea about the reduction in the municipal subsidy having come upon trusting shires and boroughs "unbeknown" was faintly urged in Parliament but scouted by a rigidly business like Premier. No, said Mr. Patterson, pursing his lips firmly, he could not think of entertaining that excuse. Ample notice of the reduction had been given. Foiled thus the resourceful Keys, represent- ing the councils, sped his second bolt. "How could we pay off our overdraft?" he pleaded. "Don't you know that the banks were suspended pending reconstruction?" "Ah! now," returned the Premier smooth- ing the stern wrinkles from his brow—"Now you talk, my boy. Bank doors closed—I see. Couldn't get in to pay the money. Institu- tions wouldn't take it. That seems a fair case for relief. Indemnity bill granted." When inconveniently pressed for money some men parade their own neediness as an ex- cuse but the up to date debtor, it will be seen, pleads the impecuniosity of his creditor. It does just as well—in fact better. The Trades-ball Council are at present dis- cussing the all important question of whether for the future their meetings are or are not to be reported. If the prayers of the average newspaper man can be admitted to have any effect at all, the "boycott" party are sure to be successful, for if there is one thing more than another that fills the pressman's soul with gall it is to waste Friday evening listen- ing to the gabble of a collection of failures who have not even intelligence enough to be amusing. The plea for sitting in private is that "the press reports make the members of the council appear ridiculous." The Trades-hall people have therefore at last awakened to a sense of their true posi- tion. They are ridiculous but they should little blamed what Handy Andy would call "the natural natir' of the baste." All the best men—Trenwith the clever, and 'Ancock the straight out and outer—have gone. All the mediocre men have come to the front because there is no one left. And if there is one spectacle more depressing than another it is to see all these discredited failures— ghosts of a system that has had its day— solemnly meeting to discuss subjects of no interest to any one. The corpse is only gal- vanised into life by an occasional newspaper paragraph descriptive of Mr. J. J. Campbell in one of his wilder moments, or Mr. David Bennet in a fine frenzy and a flannel shirt. It is time that the door was shut and the whole thing buried. When their honours the judges are enjoy- ing their periodical midwinter respite from their labours, and "Black Maria" remains standing for a fortnight in the seclusion of the police barracks yard, a certain chill seems to fall upon the people. It seems indeed as though one had suddenly left off one's under flannel. The comfortable glow of satisfaction produced every morning by the knowledge that one's erring fellow creatures are being duly sentenced to 12 months hard and 20 lashes or two years imprison- ment, the first three days of each alternate month to be spent in solitary con- finement as the case may be, is sadly missed, and one looks in vain for the sayings of the petitioner and the doings of the co-respondent to pepper one's ham and eggs with. Next week thank goodness, pro- cedure puts its penny in the slot again, and the figures will be once more in motion. During the temporary suspension of business, which has fallen upon the Law Courts as well as upon other institutions, one of the counsel in great case has received a well merited compliment. Mr. Deakin has been appointed official visitor to the Observatory. If in that capacity he is enabled to really gauge the wind pressure of his learned leader, or to look through the big telescope and see the end of Speight v. Syme, the appointment will not have been made in vain. It is an easy matter to pick up bargains at sales of property lost or strayed in railway carriages. But how to get rid of such bar- gains when once picked up may not be quite so simple, if the recent experience of an ex-M.L.A. is to be trusted. He bought at a departmental auction half a hundred umbrellas for the proverbial song, treated them to cab-hire home, and entered upon an elaborate calculation as to the probable duration of his life and the number of showers he would be caught in, so as to estimate approximately his personal require- ments out of the stock; only, however, to find himself the sport of fortune. Out of the fifty patent "paragon frames" it proved on experiment that half would not go up and the other half when up would not come down. The latter had consequently to be planted in the back yard of his Malvern residence where they present the appearance of a crop of phenomenally fine brown mush- rooms. The remaining twenty-five were left upon the owner's hands, but thanks to his energy and enterprise not for long. All have now been successfully exchanged by mistake for workable articles with silver mounted handles and sometimes initials—fortunately removable. A little more assiduous attend- ance than usual at clubs, concerts, and crush- rooms was the only thing required. The great merit of a colonial politician is that if he does by chance get into a difficulty he at least knows the way out. Mr. Maloney, howling one moment to have the Governor's salary cut down to £5,000, or even—as his inimitable good taste led him to express it—put up to auction, and the next shrieking at a proposal to lop £30 or so from his own salary, affords a peculiarly edifying spectacle. Till Thursday evening everybody had been under the impression that the honourable member for West Mel- bourne was a patriot of the most particularly whole souled variety, and that his whole mind and energies were concentrated upon the advancement of the West Melbourne Swamp in particular and of the colony at large in general. He was paid, it was true, but that was the law of the land and to get the hon. member for West Melbourne—a man whose heart alone worked 25 hours out of 24 bleeding for the worker—for a paltry £100 a year was practically getting him for nothing. Like the drapers' goods he was given away under cost price. But now an- other idol is shattered. The only consola- tion is that it is a very little one. 