LOOMI i'ofTiC`S. MAIrEs'-relataing to'. the municipal elections: are rapidly approaching 'a head; bi~t unfortunately public interest is Ialmostasleegp aboutthem Alto getlier;, five members ' of our local governing body retire this year-viz., Councillorsp EBean (Central riding), Robinson (Glenrowan), James (Warren= bayne), Slhortell ('latong) and Ginni van' (Devenish) As: far 'as can:i'b :gleaned ras, to their' aims it.: is cer-. tain:that the first- named of tlhese' does not intend: to offer himself for, ie election--a circunistance which many will doubtless :regret to hear, for the rens'? that during CrM'pIBean's steward. slip, extending over a period of fifteen years, he proved himself a zealous public man. In fact he may fairly be looked upon as one of the few survvinYi atoms of an extinct political party. As such he retires into oblivion .not only with the laurels of years and experience upon his brow but with tiihe bonojs :of~a veteran and a citizen wi'ohas serve;d his district well < As: far as the other retiring members are concerned little need be said- Mr WV. Ashaiead intends trying conclusions with Councillor ifoblinsonand the issue between the tos is awfaited with a fe ing of? nusual interest "ex-o'un cillor Walahce after a rest of over two 'years,l is seeking:the Central riding seat, rendered vacant by the retirement of Councillor M Bean; Mr M'Guinn?ess, hotel-keeper, Bienalla st,:"eii'?dtle?ian nei to public life here, being mentioned as his opponent In evl ry ;otherciase ough tto'he opposed, if oily for the purpose of creating a spirit of emulation inr local poi ifcaloaffsirsh:1 s In itsi report of 6 the supposed' dis 'coverysof human. remains' at tiWarren hayne, the "Age," 'of WXednesday last, say:s thea bones will be sent to Mr Blackei, tl:e-!Goveirnient. analyst; for the purposo of getting his opinion.' It is diflicult to iunderstuid the connection between cihemicil anilysist and com parative anatomy, and unless Mr Blackett is an anatomist, as well as is chemist,- his opinion will be praptic ally-. worthless. Any oft our Ilocal medical imen could decide the matter at once, as it is clearly one. cf comparative anatomy; and not chemistry. ,The general opinion is, that the miatter, will be subnlitted-to- one' or more of:the local medicos,.. . - ?? . :f lo; On Tuesday :last,: Mr . J. .J-Bell, blacksmitlih:T?uigaimah reported to.the police of that place, that his shop had been entered, and tools to the value of :4 stolerin "All'ite propertyj is iden tifiable , ThB police hiave the matter inThe ainnual ball asnd sup er in ;con nectioni with Benalls- Oddfellows' lodge _will talke place- in': the shire hall this -evening Nearly looo tickets 'have beets sold. It is therefore extected the lfflair ?till bena great success L`sadi'es will be adiimitted to the balconiy on pay merit of ns'each. , -: : A football match was played- on Saturday' last, at Fairfield, Park; be tween teams representing the Fifteen Mile United and King River :United clubs.. The ground was heavy, but the game washotly contested on both sides and resulted in a draw, the for mer scoring 2 goals 9 behinds to their opponents' a goals - behind. _Q !' p o ur a~t of tlheern of -otonsev', bsn") ir~ae'ti;-);ati,'bssuae £15,316 13a 4d; assets, £1,321. De ficiency, £13,991 13s 4d. £14,400 of the insolvent's ` debts are due to unsecured creditors. Through a telegram sent to it by its 'correspondent in Benalln, the "'Herald" Iraes evidently taken the correct measure of things relating to the reported muur der at Warrenbayne. In its issue of Wednesday evening last it says : "The 'spooks' are apparently taking up their abode-in the colony, and their first performance at Ienalla is really a very creditable effort. The whole story, indeed, is a fine typical ghost tale, with a murder in it; a concealed corpse; vague terrors and apparitions which frighten people from passing after sunset by a given spot; and, finally, a dream wlich leads to the fire-place of a deserted but being dug up, and human bones being found I All the materials are here for a ghost story' of the most delighful quality; and one, too, which has a - more solid substratum of fact abotit it thaii such talesusdually have. -'The ,-father - named-Jordan, -a mant of furious passion, undoubtedly lived- in this but with his lhalf-witted son.; :-The youth ., mysteriously disap peared ; the father, was veheieritly sus pecied'of havilig~ murdered him, and thepoie maiidc.-,;diligent'inquiry in' the matter ?iitlbut;,resiults?. The. hut; bunicd'dovn, spparently by iaccidens tlihe'uspected murderer Idied 'ague i?ad terrifying traditions' gathered- in time around the spot. As the result of 'a dream, soie neighbors' ai tfh days' ago dug up the fireplace of the old hut, and actually found sothe bonres hidden there Which are, of course,'. vehementlFy suspected to be those of the murdered lad.. If all this proves to 'be the case,. the story will of course yield joy to Mr Stead and the' Society 'of' PsychiCEal rResearch.; sbut-even.if the bones-prove human, and. the 'dream. thus unlocks the.mystery of a shocking crime,, will it be necessary to accord any'credit to.th i 'spooks ?' It seems obvious that the gloom?y recollections- which:hung. roud id the deserted hut, assisted byar. sugges. tion from- Deeming's methods, might easily prick the insagitnatio6n? bf half a lhundred people in ti~i e'ighlbbrhood t intoaicdtivity; adiii; ssited by -.?T6~ l gu of.indigestion, set a s?hole world. of f dreamsinto, operation; about this -parti culai liut. ':We lieded': nof, aft?r.all ? postulate the "spooks" to explain Tthe ' story. -. The` aninual. election of officers i, connection with the local branch of the Women's Christian Temperance Union tdok place, at a meeting held yester day, and resulted ast follows:--Presi-? derit-Mrs Jenkins; .vicecpresidcnt. Mrs Blackburne; treasurer--Miss E. Southern:; shcretary Miss Hair :sick, and absentee : visitors M=,Mesdames Southern and Mainf; r?escue officers Mesdanies-Hyland ansdlJenkins, On Friday evening last at Mr Wallace's Rroken River Hotel,, Dr Nicholson and Mr Morris, played their game in connection with the Billiard tournament- which has beeri in progRtss thoue for the past-r ew weeks; 'Botht men commenced at 130 behind so atch, and- for a long time-the.play-wan-of-L.. very even . cjaracter. After passingr thei first 100;'Mr Morris e'4sibliidsed: -a' lead of about 30, which ho'inaiitained for some considerable time.: With his opponesit's score stoindhig "at-:334'--,r 16 off homes-the Dr made a couple of very plueky efforts& ntid tid 4iat:'ex citement tookl hlias.sdor.6 to.37. .~lo i Morris then made ia ' great,' lid :for. victory but 'broke down at 373,?leaviag his opponent ain"ieasyhizrd ;'which he' utilised, and thus won thl game. The play thltoughigh t twas tuoct isutereestin~.; jiThe':funeral .of the :-.young; wpnian Elizabeth Weston, who died in Benalla o. Moiday.last, took, place on. Tues diy, he rremainsi being interred in the Vint6on cemetery. The funeral cortLhe was a lare"??p,; comlprising !about'40 Bvehicles a ld-a~tsimilir numnber of horse hien. iThe Rev. Chas., Masoni, Greta, read the burial-service..i , he ,funeral airang?ements were carried out by. Mr 1W. Abbo'tit'fiderl bker; lBendlla-. :*tThe+ ';Seymour Express"~ says : :The?ionus offlered .hy.the Shire Council. for the destruction of foxes does not appear tobbe, lessening, the pest jn. this district. i Alnmost every. dy the Co?tin.. cil is ' called upon; to pay for it few 'scalps, but the foxes are seen bijiout. all the samse.,' The: reason is' apparent enough, iand shows tlihe absurdity ofone council paying a tax in the- direction, while the,neiglborntig municipal bodies decline to co-operate, And apart frori this, thlere is- another phase of the ques tion worthy;of'dcorisderation; It is-: to the interest of e?Siyi f: i r iiernd grazier in the colony to get? rid,of ,the 'foxes : 11'hy should they be paid forldoing soby the residents of -he ?various towns, who eare imno w-ay interested, in.the ' iatter? . The outside residents abject to havihg theirerates -expended on, sanitay:rrequirements- in :the towns. Are not the; townspeople' equally justi-? fled in; dbj clirht'in tohave; the.,rates ex, pInded on vermin;:destruction ;sin the interest of the outside residents ? 'i In connecjior{ with ':he 'recent:'dis: cover)' of supposed,human, remainms jt. 1Warrqnbnyne; e;particulars.: of whicih; appeared 'int-the'?'lasts; issue 0of s, the fEnsign, Constable Hoysi??i'pr6 ' eeded to the place of Mondaý jast' "nhd made a thorough search of the hut. Under the fieplacea.hole, forfeet:dpep, ewas :excavated ?d in- this " ere found some small pieces of bone, and a coupled bfd'rge lumiIps0ofburiiedd~cliy' .iith fragments of tbonef adhering to them, Some time after-the -disappeat ance of young; Joidii'the hutitcaijght fire, in ~i mysterious manner hiilstold' Jordan wasnouts'in the ,i'i and it 'was thought by manyny,that1 he ,had first killed his.. son, .,and then. burned. 'and buried the body. ,,.If .thle "remains' which have been found' are human, the' fact of the burnt clay is"in favor'of'this' Ktheory, but. until expert advice has been obtained on the'point, conjecture: is useless.; A ;Benalla correspondent to th5 ."Age,'. with characteristic sagacity, reinarkk i~s it ita'i'sost .a ifhey had;be i .ose of some anirial, there would be no need to try and divert suspicion by burying them under the fireplace." This mere cir cumstince of burying the bones of an animal does not of necessity point to the fact that there is a desire to divert suspicion, unless it, be a crime to slaughter animals. Bones are very often collected anl buried, especially in the bush, adri in the case of an ordinary earthen fireplace like the one at the Jordan's hut, it is more than likely that such fragments would bb found at somedepth under:thesurface. The bones are to be submitted to an expert, and until he gives his' verdict it is simply idle fornon-scientificpersonsto advance an opinion. :So' far :as the common, observer is cppable of judging, the re mains areas likely to.be those ,oft;that feathered songster, the domestic goose, as of the unfortunate Jordan. D' EANESS AND NOisES IN TIIE HEAD, cured at thi; patiqnt.'s hoerny. Titis.' illustrated c:diion also treats on the cure of Catarrh, B3ronchitis, Asthmna, Extreme Stoutness, Indigestion, Dys ppsmin, Rheumatisu, by. Medico- Ele.. trcity.-4d. 'T. ,P. Bright, publisher, '20 Rathbone Place,. London, W·,iEng laud. ' " Sbme time ago it was reported thiat Miessrs J. H. Teague and Co. hidli eui pinbehldin the lito blast of commercial and finascial depnrssibn 'O;nie 'of" the hest' poofs; to hand that such report dosd not"'contairitnhe ? rithl; is tO' be fouind in an advdrtisement in .,nother columh in this day's isatiuo of :thel ENIoGN, which runs as follows:-"J., H. Teague and Co., 82 William-street, Melbourne, are purchasers of deposit receipts in all the reconstructed banks. woney to lend on deposit receipts a i A two days' counqil of the officers ol the Worth-eajted 'divisid1i" ofn'the Sal. vatibn; Army was commenced iii the local Larracks yesterdagshiorninig, there beirig a1bout twenty officers present,: with Stafi :Cptai?'i ? Brunthell, D.O., leading, 'The Austialian eleven-ias suffered defeht at the lands of Kent by 36rans. VWinuningtlie'.i- tth' Colonials put _g"etl??r 22J,to which tie men of Kent replied with 127; which ueoessitated a follow. on. Tn this tthey-wee more successful; scoring 198, to which W. 1-. Panterson, the old Oxotiini;*J'cntributed i;nlrilliant 51. Wanting 97 to winll the Australian batting'iii p1t'ei collapsed, the.kille being; all diipobsd of for 60, leaving Kent the 'vinra. iTne man -Devereux,: who, on thO -oth July, attempted an abomina-l: anl sault on two littlegirls-at'Corryong, t been committed for trial. eA newtraker started from ,Brisb onMonday per the "Euri?hbla,' fill the place of' Francis, who lef nilla a few days :ago, on accoqt ill-healtl, ' A meeting of creditors in tle estate of John M'Laughlip, farmer, Wills, will lie held at the local [nsolveney onfice, on Thursday next, for the elec. 'tion of ttrusteesaaiidfor the otherpr.-; -poses nlentioned in-the 53rd section-o.. the Insolvency Act 1890, ..it a .leeting ofJJlhe enr)atlied ra' Minstrels held on Wednesday eveninm last, it was decided. -toive a --peTnm ancc at .lfogri?:'othe- gt'sta?-. Arrangdmeli s fareti et e itadg ~j SAiir:) dlay evenhing for.' pfesinting 'f 1/a Jones, a ;iimlf'ofthe tip 'ills sotitethin. in'rcdgnition of his serice,? as he is aboutto leave.the district:', Something of a very unusual charac- ter, in the shape of a hallelujah wedding, took place at the local barracks on Wednesday afternoon last. The affair was looked forward to with interest not only by members of the Salvation Army, but by the general public. Great pre- parations were made for celebrating the marriage, it being announced for several weeks beforehand. A charge of sixpence was made for admission to the hall, but notwithstanding this, the building was fairly filled by church- people of nearly every denomination. Staff-Captain Bruntnell, D.O., for the North-eastern division, who arrived from Melbournie by the mid-day train, performed the ceremony. At about three o'clock the bridegroom arrived at the barracks, and half-an-hour later several persons made their appearance on the platform. It was thein seen that the bride was a young lady named Miss Mary Ahearn-an adopted daughter of Mr Hugh Reid-and the bridegroom a young man named Mr James Smith, a miner, residing at Rutherglen. The bride was attired in ordinary Army costume, with a white silk sash, on which were the words, Jesus is mine." Miss G. Johnston filled the position of blridesmaid, Mr Hugh Reid acting as best man. After the wedding ceremony had been performed, the whole of the officers, together with a large number of friends, adjourned to the residence of Mr Reid, where the wedding breakfast was partaken of. The newly-married couple left Benalla for Rutherglen by the "express" the same evening, amidst. showers of rice, carrying with them the good wishes of the Benalla folk for a happy future. "'Snl oiur last report of the policedrourt-., pr'ceedings, we inadvertently reported-: Smytht v. Rule to the effect, that- the bench Lad made. a order': for. the 'aiount. This .wahsnoddtsod , the cisei, being settled out'of court, f'. ', :1 The following is' acopy of a letter,. dated 19th.iJuly,,.received by a Me tbodne resideint,/.rcgarding, the gold'i. rush at Coolgardie, Western Australia : -You will be pleased to 'hear ýthat I am enjoying the.bet. of health,;"?nd that .I like this wild existnebce inith bush.' In my last I toldi yodu of .my intention- offcdmiighere. .;V.ell, :liere :a I anm, and I am glad to say thabj iini'i', just about on.the gold, and. Ithinki'Ik11i shall do very well. One.oughit'tdido,:. velil, for the cost of living'ia;.no'joke,' both., provisions and: Water being?-at famine prices. Several iien' have-died here of fever, 'brought on through starvation and'. want,'of water of a driikable .charactr,' most-of it being ,ant,o. ý nd ,lochartedi, with other. .life : 'h absence: of - ;water,, drove all :the prospectors last year towards the coast, and 1 doubt whether' they. will be able to do anything during the comn: ing summer. If good water codld be got by sinking it would be the making of the place, as.I have no reason, to doubt the existence of plenty :of gold. Don't advise any of your friends to come here unless they are young and healthy mep, with at least £o5 in their pockets, as they might have to retire on the approach of the dry season;-. I will keep you informed of the developments here as well as'I can, but :theretisn.o postal .communication yet, 'and it is ' diffidult to find anyone to"; take letters to Coolgardie post office. 