A HOME PREPARED. When 8Uulight first dispelled tho gloom from this fair land of our?, It showed a scene of living green iu Edeu'a lovoly bowors, The crystal atrea.n waa pure and swoet aa • waa tho fount of love, Tho flowers had bueu transplanted thero from Paradiso above. No hand could paint, no tongue describe, nor mortal understand, The glorioB that had beeu preparod by tho Almighty hand. Each lovoly flower and shady bower filled up tho porfect plan, - Of what had been designed to be a home prepared for man. That home was full of joy and peace and all was bright and fair, Because the great Creator oft came down to visit there, Hia preaeuoe clothed tho acenos around with light and vital breath, And took the shadows from tho tomb because there waa no doalh. Sweet balmy odours floated round upon tho gentle breezo, Aud fruit iu great perfection grew on all the various trees; There for the first time man boheld creation's mighty span, And how complete the glories rouud this home prepared for tnau. Just as thero was a home prepared for Adam and Ins wife; Before the great Creator's voico bad called them into life, So we may be assured He will a home for friends prepare, And have it ready all complete beforo lie aalls them there > When Jesua was on oarth Ho gavo His people promise true— " I to My Father's house return lo fit a place for you; For in My Father's home above unnumbered mansions be, And I go there one to prepare for all who follow.Me." What comfort to the contrite heart when nature's end draws nigh, To know there is a home prepaicd abovo the starry sky, Which mortal eye hath never soon, nor hath the tongue declared, Tho glories that aro waiting thoBe who reach the home prepared, There everlasting spring abides among the living flowers, And death is but the door between that heavenly homo and ourf, Tho sting ie thus removed from de&th;, for every faithful one KUOWB heaven, like Eden's bower, is jost a homo prepared for man. When death comeB in to stop the life that ! courses iu our veins, The body does not disappear for every part romains ; And while among the kindred clay to dust tho mortal turns, Back lo tho Lord from whom it came the living sonl returns. The tio that binds them IB dissolved on giving up the ghost, But in tho great Creator's plan r^o. portion can bo lost, For when tho last great trumpet sounds the rqndipg oarth shall Bhake, The sea and field their dead shall yield " Balmoral," Albert Park, and dust to life awake« JOHN EAE. 