THE ROSE OF ALLANDALE. By GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of “289 B, The Story of a Double Life,” " The Mystery of a Millionaire’s Grave,” etc. A TALL, LUMINOUS FIGURE APPEARED WALKING OVER THE WATERS. CHAPTER XXV.—(Continued.) There really was somethin? from a woman’s £oint of view very taking about Frank [‘Naughton. Albeit his faoe was always pale—for he never bronzed to a brick- red hue >as most travellers in tropical regions do—it Was a handsome faoe, and bad a handsome . ProSlo, for ifci* in pVoUi* tLnfc mo nui. othw Wi*«r gnod-tooklnejnST fniI..:ni«jrB5i»i^T Stem on, and it is from this point of view they invariably study themselveB, turning complacently away from the mirror with a “Not half a bad-looking fellow,” they say M they sum themselves up. “ I can’t wonder at ladies falling in love with a face like that.” . If, however, nine out of every ten of these Self-contented coxcombs were to take a second mirror and study themselves in pro file, then Tlieyjd see themselves as others see them, And is might from many a faultie free them. But Frank’s profile was a most pleasing one. then those dreamy poetic eyes of his so often Been with that sad, far-atvay look in them, yet when talking in praise of Borne of bis favorite bards, lightine up with a fire that ■was startling while the burning words leapt ■to his lips and found utterance in tones as sweet as a lullaby, were quite enough to win the heart of any ordinary girl. 1 am not quite certain whether or not Tilda was an ordinary girl. I Know she Was not so highly educated as many of the American girls one meets abroad. But then she was correspondingly less didnotic, and if. she had not quite so muoh self possession she had moro heart and feeling. This is almost equivalent to saying that Tilda had fallen in love with Frank. "Well, I fear she had. That was the pity -of it: The awful pity of it, as events will show. For Frank had no heart to give. It is not really to be wondered at, that thrown together as these two young people were amid such romautic surroundings, one st least had learned to love. Frank had really nothing to do on board this ship, though gladly enough sometimes would he have been to help u> take in sail, or set Sail, or even to take his trick at the wheel. His services not being required, he did what any other man would have done, he gravitated towards Tilda. They read the poets together, and studied Browning. When they needed a change, they found it in the study of the marine fauna. And this constitutes a far greater range of gtndy than many might believe. The Mountain Wave had been sailing most of the time, the truth being that skipper Boniface was anxious to spare his coal for emergencies. The ship was three weeks from last port, and though a vast deal of progress had not been made, she was now wall - up among the South Sea Islands. These seas teem with the tiny wonders of animal and vegetable life. Frank and Tilda had a muslin net each, and these they used to drag overboard for an hour, then meet in a quiet comer of the saloon to wash off and mount their captures. This needed very great care and caution Often the animal cules they caught were so small as to he almost invisible until arranged by means of fine needles upon black cards. Then their beauties were indeed displayed to perfection. Tiny, tiny, transparent fislilets—I am ooining a word on purpose—strangely shaped little sea-demons, with bodies that though mostly shining like silver, displayed all the colors of the rainbow ; Bmall, dreadfully diminutive beings, many of them so grotesquely hideous that had they been ten thousand times as big, as Tilda said, they were ugly enough ■ to turn one to atone through perfect terror; creatures with awful eyes, with fierce, vindic tive jaws, creatures with heads out of all proportion to their bodieB, creatures armed with claws and teeth and spines so cruel that, to beings of their own, they must bave Beemed veritable terrors of the ocean. Many of their finds, when viewed with an ordinary magnifying glass looked so fierce and awful that poor Tilda started and shivered with dread. But the vegetable life they ensnared iu those nets was different entirely, microscopic ferns and shrubs, microscopic flowers radiant with light and color ana shape and beauty that it is impos sible to describe. AU this was semi-microsoopic study, but it was very delightful, and tended to draw the young folks' hearts together in love and friendship advisedly, love on poor Tilda’s side, friendship real and true on his. But there were giant fauna as well as semi microsoopic to be studied. Hand in hutgl, as if they had been two children, Frauk and Tilda often roamed up and down the decks for an hoar at a time fore and aft bb well. And there was invari ably something to be Been and to be admired. The birds for example. The beautiful and strange piebald galls. Bat whether they sailed in the air or floated drowsily on the Bea’s surface, always cave one the idea of mmaculate cleanliness and spotless beauty. Never a feather awry, never a line or a ourve out of proportion. The monster Albatross—great eagle of the Sea—that seemed to live but to soar on the ambient air. A bird whose very will ap peared to support or to carry him with Ightning rapidity along on the wings of the wind, or dead against the. strongest breeze that blew. Truly a marvellous bird. And did not this eagle of the sea afford a chance to Frank to repeat from beginning tr- end the whole of Coleridge’s weird lay of the « Ancient Mariner.’’ Then there were wee, pitiful Mother Carey’s chickens that looked like chips of dark lightning but that always carried a glint of Bunshine on their back—apparently even when the sun was not shining at all. _ 'And the frigate bird, another marine wonder, who flieB or soars for days and weeks without ever alighting at all, and who sleeps as he soars upon the wind. But the dark ocean itself had its formal marvels, that were startling enough at times, as when the huge black head of soma marine monster with fierce big eyes was suddenly protruded from the slope of a wave; stare around like a nightmare, then once more disappear, leaving the astonished gazer to doubt whether the apparition bad been real, and not a fearful freak of imagination. One way and another the forenoons fled away with strange rapidity, and the luncheon . Ml always rang out loud and clear before cither Frank or Tilda could . tell how the time had slipped away. Happy youth! Happy, hours. But a change soon came. CHAPTER XXVI.—The Dabkkess Clung Abound the Ship like Thickest Cbape. ' -*• Sorrows selaom aome singly.” i Whoever: he: was who' first made this remark, he must have had a fairly length ened experience of the upe and downs oi tinman life. No one can deny that there is •onsiderable truth in this adage. Do we not see this exemplified almost every year! There are runs of lock and runs of ill-luck. 305) [ Perhaps there is no such tiling as luck or ill i luck either in the world, and no such thing [ as^ chance. I am not stopping to consider tins. My own idea is that happiness, or what are called the joys of life, sometimes come in shoals,. and griefs follow in line, too often treading . on. each otijer’s JmmLl: £f«f?onceT:nrn'round'and apparently make a dead set at us. But not to moralise, let me get at once to> No one there on that sunny forenoon, on the Mountain Wave, could have dreamt that either danger or sorrow was anywhere near. To he sure the ship was becalmed, or had been, for hours, for the wind had fallen all of a sudden, gone down almost aB quickly as a candle goes out when yon direct the breath upon it. In an hour after this there was not a ripple or cat’s-paw to be seen even from the masthead, only huge rolling seas, with a glow on their surface like meronry. In the shade of the ship, had you looked overboard, so clear was the water that you could have seen right away down into cool depths, unfathomable, awful. Yes, awful, for while Frank and Tilda leaned over the bulwarks, she holding by a stay, he with one arm gently round her slender waist to support her, right away down there they could see straoge looking elongated little fishes, one, two three, with dark backs aud creamy-looking sides, sailing round and round. Yes, and getting larger and larger momentarily, till they appeared veritably to grow beneath their startled eyes—till at last they changed into the most terrible-looking sharks that Frank had ever beheld. Their dark fins protruded above water now, and their sly, evil eyes almost fasoinatea the beholders till they could not help saying to themselves, “ What an awful tiling if one were seized while looking at those monsters with a kind of madness that shonld impel one to cast oneself into the sea!” It would indeed he a fearful thing! Hardly would it be accomplished ere those tigers of the ocean that now looked so sly, so calm, would rouse themselves to action, would lash their tales with fiercest anger, and the sea around would speedly be red with human Mood. Tilda drewback at last. “ Come, Will,” she said. “ I am getting fascinated. I do not know what I might not do.” And the girl shuddered as she clung to Frank’s arm. But steam was being got np speedily. Already the smoke was rising in great volumes from the funnel and floating around the ship like an ngly thunder cloud. Hen, by-and-bye, np roared the steam, and after one or two spasmodic gasps, like those omiUflj from .1—1 -—V- J the pnlsea of the great ship began to beat ' and throb, and there waB a rash of foaming : up-churned water heard under the stern, and the Mountain Wave began slowly to forge ahead and face the swelling seas. There was a. green island Borne miles dis tant that hung like an amethyst on the hori son—a kind of little fairyland 'twixt sea and sky, and fringed in front by three lines of snow-white, foaming breakers. Frank and Tilda had swarmed up and on to the uarrow bridge, whioh was reached by a ladder from near to the mainmast, and stood looking at this island through their field-glasses. “ How beautiful it is, Will,’’ she said innocently enough. “ How I should like to land there. What a primitive, happy people they must he who inhabit that lovely isle of the sea! Hoes it not strike you as being a kind of floating fairyland, Will r” Before he could reply she went on to de scribe wbat she saw. First there are the rolling seas close here in the foreground, the sunlight flashing from their Bnrface, then the ever-widening bine expanse of ocean, then those lines of snowy breakers, with here and there a darker rift where no waves seem to break, then another strip of blue, next a sandy beach, only a shade less white than the breaking waves, and last of all the green, green trees. “And now, . 0, now, I can see dark figures on the beach, hurrying and sonrrying hither and thither, like ants on a summer lawn when their neBt has been disturbed. What a pity. Will, we are not closer to the shore. I’m sure the Captain would let us Frank laid a hand gently on her shoulder, and she looked up in smiling confidence. “ Do you know, my dear little ehipmate, what you might expect if you were to land yonder?” he asked. “ 0, a warm welcome from the poor creatures.” “Very. It would he so excessively warm that you would be sorry ever you had been bom. Why, Tilly, thoBe are savages, and more than likely cannibals. They would cook and eat my little shipmate.” “ I don’t believe it, "Will. More than likely they would cover me with leaves, and I should be Queen of the Cannibal Mes. See, they have lit a fire now.” “ Yes; that is to warn os off, or to tell us what to expect if we show faoe'-. on tha". floating fairyland.” “But why should they hate the white “ The white man’s own fault, dear chum. Many years ago, Tilly, it was proposed by wise legislators that a contract with mutual benefits accruing therefrom might be entered into between the natives of very many of the islands that are dotted all around in these seas and oar white brethren of Australia. We, the white folks, were authorised to go and make a bargain with these black brothers of ours. They, the Mack brothers, were to be offered a free passage to some of onr colo nies, good food, good pay, some extra gar ments—for in the matter of wearables they are exceedingly primitive— and a safe return to their own bonnie shores. “At the first off-go the whites were ex ceedingly good to the blaokfellows, and very willing nndexcellent workers they found them. And when the natives returned they spread a good report. '"They had seen and resided in a land flowing with milk and honey, and they hpd come baek in peace and with money —beautiful broDze money with which thty might purchase tobacco and even rum from passing ships. “So things went on for a time, hut, lo 1 the perfidious whites broke faith with their sable brothers. They came to treat them anyhow, so to speak. Hey cheated them, they heat them, they starved them, and they even charged them for their passage baok. So it came to pass that, the white men we e looked upon as* devils, Tilly, and some of them on landing on fresh islands received the doom of devils, and were burned (dive. “ Retaliation was now the ory of tbs white men, and the worst of these saw their way, under the pretext of meeting out jnstioe ■ to these islanders and avenging their de 1 fnnot fellows, of making a very good thing \- of it indeed. So, instead of landing peace ' fully to bargain for labor, they landed on plunder and revenge intent; they mnrdeied I women and bates, they fired Tillages and I took prisoners. These prisoners on being j carried off to the vile blood-reeking ships el these blaok-birders, as those engaged in thif traffic are called, were offered their lires il they would serve as laborers and volunteers. So the poor creatures * volunteered.’ And thus the traffic went—a kind of internecine war, Tilly—and thus it is going on till this day. “ "When our pretty black-birders find out an island where the deceitful character of white men has not gone before them, then, indeed, they have a prize. For they treat the poor creatures with great kindness at first. They make them presents of beads and cloth, and receive in return fruit, fish and honey. When friendly relations are fairly established they give a feast or two on board the ship itself, and administer a modi cum of fire water, and in the midst of the feasting and general jollity down below, the hatches are suddenly clapped on, sail is set, and away to sea goes the pretty black birder, with his oargo of volunteers. What think you of this for a true picture of British slavery, my dear, and innocent Tilly V’ “It is brutal, horrible," cried Tilda, with the tears in her eyes, “ and I think it is cruel in the extreme, in the English Go vernment, not to put suoh a fearful trade down. Why don’t they?" “ Because, Tilly, the Irish question must take precedence of everything else, and, j because it is supposed to be for the good of civilisation, and the spread of religion and encouragement of colonisation, that all these cruelties should exist.” “ Dear Will,” said Tilda, “ you have quite taken the romance out of my fairy- land afloat. But see, it is receding from us the engineers and stokers have been busy below, and steam is up at last.” “I don’t like steam.” “ No, nor I. I am old-fashioned enough to love the white wings that ship spreads to waft them swan-like o’er the water. To me living in a noisy, hot, and guilty steamship, always smacks of life in a mill, there is neither rest nor romance about it, night nor day; and instead of really enjoying oneself, one is always in a kind of fever to get the voyage over, intent every day at noon in : discovering what the run has been for the last four and twenty hours, and when the ship will reach her jonmey’s end. In a steamship, Tilda, * man never is but always to be blest,’ in a sailing craft, it there be any repose about his nature at all, he can be as calm, contented and happy as the summer day is long. “ But come, dear Tilly, I am keeping you up in the sun here far too long, and look, yonr pretty white dress is getting quite colored with blacks. Let me help you down the steep stair.” “ I’m sure I should never be tired staying up here, Will, with you by my side, to talk thus pleasantly to me.” Frank sighed. , “ You are always sighing,” said Tilda, frankly. “ I’d give a good deal to know the history of your life. I’m sure there is a lady “ Isn’t there a lady in the history of every man’s life, Tilly? I feel sure there is. Ladies are a great power for good or-evil. Come. Sixteen steps. Put your right foot first for luck.” A moment after, Tilda was safe on deok, and standing by her mother’s side. “O, mother," she said, pntting one arm half round that capacious waist, “ Mr Smith has been telling me such dreadful storieB about black beetles.” “ Black beetles, child? You mean cock roaches.’’ “No, mother, no, I didn’t mean black beetles, but black-birders, dreadful white men, you know, that land on the islands around here, capture the natives, and carry them away from their homes into exile and slavery.” “ Is that so, Mr Smith ?” “ I fear it is only too true, Mrs Keighly,” said Frank. “Tell mother what you told me," said Tilda. _ __ ' . resuming his narrative, and was nnfoignedly relieved when Mrs Colonel Keighly said: “ 0, no, dear Tilda, I should have dreams, nightmares and all kinds of bogey- haunted sleep, you know how weak my heart is!” . Then Bhe put her arm through Cholly’s and sailed away 8ft. On over the sunlight sea steamed the Mountain Wave, on and on and on. Many a little green isle was passed, and many a dangerous shoal as well. For these last men were constantly on the outlook. Seldom, indeed, was any broken water observable, only a change of color in the deep blue of the ocean’s breast could be distinguished sometimes, as muoh as a leagne away; then the course would be altered somewhat and the ship kept away from all source of danger. But these wide green or yellow patches were not the worst feature in the navigation of these treacherous seas. For sometimes a dark patch of rocks would seem to rise up almost under the very bows of the goodship, and she had to have a very hard-down helm indeed to avoid a collision that would inevitably have resulted in destruction. The truth is the vessel had somehow got considerably out of her course, and, although Ben Boniface had sailed ’twixt Sydney and ’Frisco more times than he could tell on his ten fingers, he had somehow gone aBtray this voyage. Bat towards evening, a good hour, indeed, before the great crimson Bun sank down in the burning west, and night’s starry pall had fallen o’er the ooean, all danger seemed past. Never a green isle was to be seen, and never a patch of grey water, or yellow even, from the mainmast head. So extra hands were put in the chains and good outlooks stationed. Then even Boniface himself gave a sigh of relief as he descended to his cabin to dress for dinner. It is wonderful what bold sailors those men are who know nothing of the sea and its perils. Cholly was one of these. No number of voyages could ever have made a seaman of Cholly. His bunk was always his “ bed,” his cabin his “bedroom,” the steward was “ waiter,”—and don’t faint my seafaring friend—he positively talked of the upper deck bb the “lid” of the ship. As to ropes or spars, rigging, sails or shrouds, Cholly knew •no more than Hover himself. But he never thought of danger, never dreamt he was not quite as safeonboard ship as he could have been in the Great Western hotel, Paddington, or the Palace at ’Frisoo. When Frank took Tilda down to dinner that evening he found Captain Ben standing by the glass, and humming a tune to himself. This was a habit Ben had when deeply im mersed in thonght. “ How is the glass, captain r said Frank, leaving his seat for a minute to join the sturdy mariner. , So the dinner proceeded, muoh M usual, Cholly being in hie very finest form, the doctor ready to langh at anything that any body said, Captain Ben still looking puzzled and far more ailent than Frank liked to see Hardly was dessert finished ere Ben Btole on deck and Frank followed him. Both of these men had experienced many a dark night in the tropics, bnt never Burely ■ anything so inky black as this. It was appalling in the extreme, not the sign of a star was visible, the darkness clung around the ship like thickest crape. The light from the binnaole pierced in straight lines the smoke that issued from the funnel; though dose thereto it seemed a rolling, twisting cloud of fire, and was almost immediately swallowed up in the mysterious blaokness. Even the ship’s white wake was seen but a i little way, while forward; if one turned his gaze, his very eyeballs seemed turned to “ Strange, isn't it ?" said Ben, as he turned once more to go below. “ Strange, indeed, and mysterious, too,” said Frank, “ but I think we'll soon have it, sir." “Have what, Mr Smith?” “I don’t know, sir.” . About half an hour after this, all were sitting' in the saloon, but a lull had place in the conversation. Everyone was silent, and apparently listening. Suddenly rapid footsteps were heard advancing aft. Next moment the skylight was thrown open, and the scared face of the Fankee mate looked down. “ Great God! sir,"heexclaimed, “comeup I it once. There is a spirit walking towards us I Jverthesea!” .1 the Awful SiOKit. The mate’s face looked ghastly in the glare of the lamp-light, and there was suoh a depth, such an intensity of terror in the timbre of his voice, that a cold shudder ran through everyone who heard him speak. Had the man suddenly gone out of his mind to talk of a spirit walking over the water, and on a mght such as this, too? No wonder tne ladies turned pale and soreamed in the strange way a sleeper screams under the influence of a terrible nightmare. Captain Ben and Frank rose at once and rushed on deck. The rest orept together at one end of the Baloonto wait and listen. The mate was at the top of the companion to receive his captain. He hnd a ship's lan tern in his hand, and now took his way for ward, the others following mechanically as it were. Past the hatchways up through whioh the gleams of light from the engine-room fires rose in red straight rays, cutting and piercing the inky gloom above as if with iwordB of flame, past the mainmast, past the foremast and into onter darkness beyond. The mate held tho lantern one moment on high, and its yellow rays glimmered on the pale and frightened faces of the men gathered round the bows. Then it went suddenly oat, and Frank now beheld a sight that might well make sailors stand silent and awed, under the spell of superstitions Away, far over perhapB on the starboard bow was “the spirit walking over the waters,’’ and coming straight towards the ship. A tall, luminous figure as it ap peared at that moment, a ghostly appari tion that seemed to hang betwixt the horizon and the nearer sea; a figure that moved hither and thither, and baokwardB and forwards, now larger, now momen tarily leBS, and anon pointing a ghostly arm sky-wards. No one spoke a word for a time, perhaps no one could speak—if their feelings were any semblance to those of Frank, they must have felt as if under the spell of some evil dream. The spectre advanced now, rapidly growing larger and larger as it neared the ship, growing apparently more transparent, too, till presently it was seen to oonsist of a pale bluish shimmering light or flame. And the water of the sea .guygtly bene%tiu,jtuwas strangely moved, impoasible. to Nearer and nearer, largbr and larger; !knu now it was almost on them: almost over the Great God!’’ the mate exolaimed again, but in a strange and far-away-like voice, “ we are all dead men.” “The Lord have meroy on us,” said some one else. The strange spirit-light was on them now; it was all about and around them, a mist and shrond of outlines, on the sea and on the fear ful, ghastly and bewildered faces of the otouching crew. Frank looked overboard; the water Beemed alive with darksome shapes. One. two, three, then a dozen gruesome beasts, he could count; he could Bee the writhing of their tails, their heads, and their awful eyes. ....... No more mysterious, no more terrible sight than this had ever before perhaps been seen in tropic seas. But out spoke the skipper’s voioe at last, and boldly it rang all over the ship. _ “Keep up your courage, boys,^tisonly St. Elma’s fire on a larger scale 1” The strange, luminous mist was now some distance astern, getting less andless again till it once more assumed the appearance ascribed to it by the BuperBtitious mate, that of a spirit walking over the sea. The men watched it till it quite disappeared in the far distance. "The mate relit his lantern, and all orowded round the skipper as if to seek for some explanation of the curions and fearful ap parition. 1 t.I have no very luoid explanation to give, boys,” he said. “We cannot deny we have seen a rare and a fearful sight. Men have seen the same before.” “ And lived?” “Yes, boys, and lived to .tell of it. But science can give us no clue as to its cause, only that it is connected with phosphorescence and electrioity.”. “Bnt the creatures in the water, sir? Those awful beasts, what were they ?—and what were they doing?” “That,” said the skipper, “is the most easily explained part of the whole business. They were either sharks or sea-elephants, or mavbe some of both, though our . foolish fears magnified, them into huge, writhing black snakes. It is well known that the creatures that dwell in the sea, and the creatures in the universal earth for that matter, are fond of light, and that they will come to it-from7 afar, and follow it and go with it wheresoever it goes. That ex plains that part of the entertainment, for on a night of such intense darknesB as this St. Blma’s fire trailing over the bosom of the black water would be bound to attract sharks from every quarter of the compass. Good night, men. Mate, tell the steward to let the crew have a glass of grog. Show a light here till we get aft.” Throb—throb—throb went the pulse of the moving ship; throb—throb. There was the working of the great shaft, and the churning of the waters under the stem now giving place to a loose, rattling sound as the vessel plunged momentarily head first into the trough of a great Bmooth sea leaving the crew to revolve in empty Ben laughed a little puzzled kind of a laugh, and looked at Frank. “You’re a sailor,” he said, “perhaps you understand it. Bother me if I do.” “Why,” he continued, “to my certain knowledge that glass has risen and fallen twice within the hour and now it is going tnmbling down again.” Frank looked serious. “I confess, Captain Ben,” he said, “that I don’t like it. We’re going to have some thing, I guess.” “ O, yes, it is main easy to guess that, but what that something is going to be is the puzzle.” . . “Well, sir,” said Frank, “though we can’t help being uneasy, let us hope for the best. Thank your stars, Captain Ben. you’ve got steam up. Ah 1 here comes Mrs Colonel Keighly.” Cholly and she entered just at that moment, but somehow his merry, empty laugh seemed to jar terribly on ^Frank’s feelings, as he sat down to dinner besides Tilda; He longed to chdjk the man’s merriment, and tried to .do so without alarming the ladies. "Cholly,” he said, “were you ever in a gale of wind; a downright blow, yon know?” “Dear boy, yes, in a score, on’em. They neverfrighton.Cholly.” “I; trust, Captain Boniface,”- said-Mrs Colonel Keighly, “ that we are not about to experience had weather ?’’ “ We may have a little puff, madams,” was the reply, “ we cannot always expect to havj it fine, you know.” Throb—throb—throb then ceased, and all was atill. No longer a hash, bat silence deep as death from stem to stem of the night ensnroaded ship. Captain Ben had his hand npon the companion-hatchway, the tall mate held the lantern high aloft, and'all eyes were tamed aft in the darkness. Ben knew what was ooming, and so. did Frank, and knew, too, whose were the advancing footsteps. “ We are broke down, sir.” ' “I’m very sorry to hear it, engineer. With, ont a breath of wind or air, with a storm of some kind brewing, in this terrible darkness, and with shoals not far off perhaps,! don’t think our position is one to be envied. Any ohanoe of your being able: to repair her. ^'“Notthe ghost of a chance for days or Wflflfai if flT?1*-1* • *", ’ ‘ « WW1, it can’t be helped, Mr Bean. Bet the fires out. Mate, see to it that the sails are ready to be hoisted at s moment s notice.” it Ay* ay, air.” I “And Bsteo,”—Ben talked almost in a , whisper—“see that the hoata are watered, i provisioned and all readv to lower.” 44 Ay, ay, mr/* 1 When Frank and Ben went below i again, they found Cholly himself seated at the piano. 4‘ Been trying to cheer the ladies up, Cap tain, dear,” he said, ** but whatever have you been all up to? Poor mate haB got spirits on the brain, hasn’t he? But what have yon stopped the ship for, eh V* At that moment, and just as Captain Ben was about to reply to Cholly’s banter, the skylight and saloon were lit up by a glare of lightning of such brillianoy, that the lamps even seemed to burn yellow and dim { by comparison. Those whose gaze happened to be turned upwards at the time could see every rope and spar on deck stand out as dark and clear as if it had been noontide. The silence that followed the flash was in* tense and long. No one moved from the position ne or she had occupied when the glare filled the saloon. The peal came at last, beginning with a far-off muttering, drawing nearer and still more near, until it crashed over the ship with a din so deafening, so spalling, that when it ceased it was diffi cult indeed to believe that masts had not been splintered, and yards and rigging hurled downwards on the deck. The storm now broke over the ship in all Its fury, flash on flush, and peal on peal, the rain falling almost with the violence of a water-spout, and breaking as it struck the deck into spray. In the glare of the inces sant gleams of lightning, the falling rain ji looked like cords of fire or streams of fire, j golden, crimson and blue, while sea and clouds seemed all ablaze.__ wiS^'lEe1’ sun rose in the eastern horizon, and his blood-red beams flashed over the heaving world of waters. And not till then did Frank 3JfNaughton turn in, all standing, for a few hours' repose. Cholly was sound {asleep, and had been so probably for many hours, for a man like this has no more knowledge of danger than a | babe in arms. I (to be continued.) I 