Music and the Stage. [By Krino.] Gourlay and Walton's Musical Comedy Company initiated their short season at the Royal on Tues day'evening by a most effective re presentation of Siras's masterpiece of humor ' Skipped b}- the Light of the Moon,' iii which the talented members of this clever combination managed to keep even a staid typical Hobart audience in a chronic state of hilarity from rise to fall of the curtain. Both Messrs. Gourlay and Walton's talent in this line of comedy is of prime order, and the agility they displayed in the many mirth provoking scenes, such as the oyster shop, the drastic garden scene, their comic song singing and their spontaneous witticisms prove them entitled to a foremost place on the comic stage. Garnishee Mclntyre electrified the house with his 'Hooli- gans,' Messrs. Chalmers and Cameron filled their parts well, Miss Leigh ford was a capital Mrs. Dingle throughout, Miss Hastings a charm ing Mrs. Crackle. Of Sarah, Miss Harte made a very effective soubrette part, her singing and dancing was good. Miss Holebrook was a tak ing Millicient and her ' Estasi ' was quite a musical treat. The Company deserve all the success they achieved. Both Orchestra and stage singing were above the aver age. Mr. Walton's comic skirt dance net down this la tcfit fashionable craze as it deserves. The company continue business next week. The usual Wednesday People's Concert came off at the Temperance Hall to a more than usual crowded audience and gave every satisfaction. These Concerts are fast becoming, and deservedly so, one of our local insti tutions. The l'eople's orchestra (leader, Mr. Dentith) acquitted themselves well with their ' Lucre zia ' and ' Gondoliers ' selections. Mr. J. Roberts gave the German 'Mill Wheel' with a sound well trained bass. Miss Ruby Clifford's clever recitations are always looked forward to on these occasions with much interest, and her two items 'I wouldn't ' and the encore 'Village School ' were fully up to the mark. Air. Geo. Smith displayed his mastery over the difficulties of his favorite flute in a solo from ' Tasso,' one of Donizetti's long - forgotten operas. Misb Nellie Jones sang 'It was a Knight ' and ' Fairy Wand ' duet with Mr. Mackenzie, Miss RoberUon 'Scenes that are brightest' and 'Be wise in time' very nicely. By this time the young Indies will have realised what, an amount of assiduous application to the art is required before similar vooal efforts are fit; to be presented to crowded audientfes. Miss Pearson in her ' Pirates '.-yraltz *oftg again displayed the remarkable vtoice nature has endowed her withj. and it is to be hoped her -ehrly exhibitions will, not, militate against its ultimate develop ment. Mr. Mackenzie 6ang ' No, my courage,' in a finished manner. Why should the inevitable 'Maritana' not be elided from Tasmaniun concert programmes for a while,4 and make room for something up to date P The piano solo (Mr. Johnston), 'A te, o cara,' reminded very much of Doni zetti's well-known ' Puritaui ' quar tett, though the programme put it down to Balfe and ' Satanella. No more was AudranVMascotte' respon sible for Mr. Jacobs's ghost, nor the ' Tambour Major' for his brother's laughing song ; neither item was 'operatic.' Master Singer's patter song was too slow ; Sullivan meant something very different by his patter strains. Poor Charles Gounod s death cre ates a palpable void in the musical world. He may be said to have originated a style of his own, unmis takably Gounodian, which it is devoutly to be hoped may be taken up by a kindred genius. His 'Faust' alone, his ' Messo Solennelle,' will save him from being soon forgotten. From music to finance is a big step. After the brilliant net result of the Pierrot Team for the soup kitchen, people wonder how much the Im proved Dwellings Association got out of the ' Gondoliers.' These musical launches should sail under their proper flag, that of St. Cecilia, and not under false colors, such' as soup kitchen or marble mansions. 