UPPER BEA'CONSFIELD. By TODEA AFRICANA. "No! NOW its up let it stay. It was at the Ballarat Exchange some years ago in a time of financial panic. The names of those who had failed to meet their engagements were from time to time chalked up on a black-board. The manager has just chalked up the name of a prominent citizen, when the individual in question enters the room. Scanning the long list of names he at last comes to his own.—Electric shock—rush for said manager—dragged by the collar to the scene of his crimne—indignant demand for immediate explanation, interlarded with expletives of the most blod-curdling character and coupled with threats of an action for libel with damages undreamt of hitherto—manager by this time brought to his knees—offers abject apologies and every redress in reason—information through channel thought to be reliable. however—but as he proceeds at once to rub the offending name out, his hand is stayed with the remark which heads this letter. The above anecdote, related to me by an eye witness of the dramatic incident is called to mind by the failure—beg pardon ! closing for re-construction of another bank. When you next visit Melbourne, look neither to the right hand nor to the left as you walk along Collins street. A glance at any one of the remaining financial institutions might be misconstrued into a motion of want of confidence; for these be ticklish times indeed, then a shrug of the shoulders may prove as powerful as a battering ram. Gembrook is a "commodious" country. There is Gembrook North and Gembrook South, Gembrook East and Gembrook West; how many more Gembrooks exist is not known to this deponent. But you cannot make a mistake (unless you go without a guide), in visiting them all. Not all at once, but, "all in order true." And although you may not find any "gems" such as you may have been led to expect, I can promise you the sight of others the brightness of whose rays will ever be remembered and treasured in the casket of your memory, as something rich and rare of which no robber can deprive you. On April morning, and one that might have been born in "'that dear old land of England," we had agreed to make a start from my friend's house at 9 a.m., but the weather was in a wavering frame of mind and looked as if it would take until the afternoon to decide what it was going to do. Finally, about eleven o'clock it gave us a little encouragement ; quickly all mounted and the start was made. Having passed the post office and secured our letters and papers, we take the road which leads by groves of pine until "Good Rest" is reached, leaving en route the store and residence of Mr. Schlipalius. Here we turn to the left off the Main road, and, taking a track through the bush, arrive shortly at the "Mountain Home" (and aptly so named) of Mr. Hall, the late Government Whip. Perched on the top of a high hill; with great granite boulders lying around and the world spread out like a map far below it, this modest little highland retreat has a site which in the old world would have been appropriated by some grey old baronial castle, tenanted by a bold bad baron or his descendant, with a history of repine and murder dating beyond the Norman Conquest. The painter, the poet, and the composer would have con spired to throw a halo round those ancient cattle lifters and their not too refined human surroundings, until the whole country side would be teeming with romantic legend and not a mountain top or fern gully but would be the scene of some thrilling deed of daring, some tear- compelling episode of love or some hair raising and cheek-blanching ghost story, intimately connected with a ghastly tragedy "away back" in those good old days of old. But as it is, we are a matter of fact people whose history dates from yesterday, and although there being as Josh Billings sapiently remarked "a great deal of human natur in man," our black predecessors could, in the poetic language of "poker," no doubt "see " the old barons, and even "go one better" as regards most of their perform ances ; unfortunately no record accessible to the white man was kept of these, and the blackfellow was in such a hurry (or we will, out of consideration for the feel ings of the pioneer, put it so), to shuffle off this mortal coil, that no opportunity was given to the indefatigable interviewer of the modern society journal to gain an insight into the sayings and doings and a social scandal of the upper crust amongst these real original lords of the soil. How ever, deprived as we must resign ourselves to be of the glamour lent by such old associations to even the most homely scene, there is still enough charm left in the view to make it worth travelling many miles to look upon. Descending from this eagle's eyrie most people will find it the better part of valor to dismount and lead their steeds down the mountain side, towards where we now see the home of Mr. Hunt, picturesquely situated on rising ground, which stands like an island in the midst of the wide valley formed by the surrounding high hills. Passing through part of this gen tleman's property we come upon a track or rather, I should say our guide appar ently comes upon one, for, left to our selves, we should here inevitably have gone astray, more especially is a mush roon gatherer whom we chanced across differed in toto from our captain on the question of direction of route. Happily we had not placed our trust in vain ; ere long we pass a little shootingbox (or such it seems to be), set down without any enclosure in the midst of the forest. This, I understand, belongs to a Captain Schutt or Schutz. The building was brought here in sections, the sides being each in one piece and merely bolted together. No doubt it serves admirably the purpose of a secure and weather-tight bush home for a short holiday. Leaving this place on our right, i should be sorry to act as guide to any confiding new chum. How ever, we are in a happy state of perfect trustfulness of our appointed leader, and after many ups and downs through the big gum trees and across numerous creeks we arrive at a cottage, newly built near the bottom of a big fern gully. We are told that the proprietor is a Mr. Goetz, a German gentleman who intends this neat little structure for his man, proposing to build his own house on the summit of the adjoining hill, where he is having several acres cleared by the unholy aid of the forest devil, who, we are relieved to hear, is under the complete control of the mus cular Christians who have taken the con- tract. At this point, as it is beginning to rain, we are glad to get our luncheon bags unpacked under the friendly shelter of the verandah, and whilst discussing the cold "collar" and the succulent German sausage moistened by the benign aid of McCracken succour, the spiritual man with tales of adventure by flood and field. Now it is how our veteran leader, who seems to us to possess the unerring instinct of the black tracker in picking up a trail, was himself in his new chum days lost in the bush in New South Wales, and with his party had well nigh died of thirst. Though, even then, his Heaven born gift of finding the "way out" rescued himself and the other chums of the party from a miserable death. As it was, they were glad to scoop a hole in the mud at the bottom of a one-time water-hole and utilise the fluid (if by compliment it might so be called) for making tea.--Then it is an anecdote of the Franco-Prussian war of sixty-six; with reminiscences of Hei delberg and the Neckar and the dear old German Rhine. But time flies all too fast and we must again be moving, so once more we mount our none too fiery steeds (though to give them credit they rival the goat in sure footedness), and on we go. I am glad to learn that even in these bad times, settlement is progressing in the surrounding country. Hereabouts there is quite a little German colony springing up; no less than seven families having made, or being about to make homes within an easy radius of this spot. After reaching the summit of the hill we get upon a pretty well defined bullock track which ere long brings us into the Main road to Narree Warren, and after passing the homestead of Mr. Charles Bent and a clearing which is being made by a party of men, who would otherwise be numbered with the unemployed, but who are sensible enough to accept wages, which the Gentlemen of the Pavement would turn up their noses at rather than be beholden to charity, we get from the highest point of our roadway a glorious view of the mountains of the Upper Yarra Ranges. Blue mountains--aye the bluest of the blue ; they appear forming a grand back ground to this forest of giant gums, many of them two hundred feet. Now our road dips down, and our goal is soon reached as we near the far famed Gem brook nurseries of Mr. Nobelieus. It is not my intention to give a detailed description of this monument of persever ance and indomitable industry. Let those who want to see what can be done in and with the bush see for themselves. Here is a nursery of fruit and ornamental trees, a profitable plantation of raspberries and strawberries and other products of the vegetable kingdom too numerous to men tion. Are not its praises recorded in the chronicles of the Leader, and did not Mr. Neilson the Government expert give it the stamp of his approval? It is a credit to all concerned, and an object lesson to the surrounding district. As a friend of mine observed, "you could not get a barrow load of weeds off the whole of the fifteen acres of cultivated land." One thing I especially admired was that in clearing his land the owner, in the spirit of the true lover of nature, had spared every ferntree, even, as his wife remarked, when it stood in the way of a fruit tree. I counted no fewer than thirty of these tall forest beauties within the nursery enclosure. The absence in town of the owner was a subject of regret to us, but his representatives sufliciently did the honors of the place that we found it rather late when we at length were able to get on the road home. The ten miles or so of return journey did not seem long in congenial company, our leader enliven- ing the way with a plentiful fund of information about the surrounding country, plentifully interspersed with tales of the "early days." Returning as we did by a different route, we saw much of the havoc that had been wrought over an extensive area by the recent bush fires. The road is very picturesque in parts ; its pic- turesqueness by the way would in no wise be marred and its safety would most certainly be enhanced if the powers that be could see their way clear to placing a post and rail fence at such spots as at present, by reason of the sudden descent on the one side or the other of the road, are positively dangerous. It was at one such spot that the late accident to Mrs. Lenne occurred, and although I am not prepared, to enter into controversial questions there is little doubt that this liability to such contretempts could easily be lessened at little cost to the community. The rain which had been threatening all day settled down into a determined drizzle as night drew on, and our return to Beaconsfield was damp though as far as our spirits ( I resent the imputation), decidedly not dismal. Let me add as a postscript for those whom my letter may induce to "go and do likewise," that at present there is no practicable track for vehicles direct from Upper Boaconsfield to the Gembrook nurseries, the late bush fires having caused so many trees to fall across the track that even the horses have to pick their way. Until some steps shall have been taken to clear the road, the only vehicular route lies via Narree Warren. 