WAS IT A GHOST THEY SA.W? Mbb. H. H. Jbnkinos lire* at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house ie an old one, bnt in good order. One night tarly in December (1891) the two women loc «d all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the home. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlor. At about half past eleven they returned, and emered the house laughing and talking. But as they vent into the parlor the merry humor died out of them in a eerond. Bight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic ^eiure. The upper part of tie face was concealed by a mask, bis eves gleaming through the etehoto in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in fi-e minutes later he found no one in the parlor and all the doors and window* securely locked. What was it tbe women saw ? ' During a recent period of ill health,' writes an American friend, ' 1 bad slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, 1 was suddenly aroused from a doze by what teemed Uk* the ceiling of my name; and at the foot of the bed etood the image of my mother just »* ahe looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey ehe was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. 1 was foolish enough to tell of it, and tbe local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weik nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ego now.' No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the trickB the nerves will play off on yon when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows :— ' I toot so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet 1 dia not wisb them far away in case x should call out for he p. This was in June, 1889\. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin wae dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt eold and dead. By-and-by I bad to lie h Ipleus in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint -was. I took nothing but liquid food, and c-juld not retain even that on my stomach. By tbi« time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dread fully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ' I had given up all hope, when ona day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called, and asked what I was taking. She told me she was her self once just as badly off, and was --ured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in thiB medicine, 1 tried it. «nd iu three dave I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Wow I am «e well as ever. I can eat and digtet rr.y food, and all my nervousness fcas left me.' The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from wa- indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pro stration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, end the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigor to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it rema;ns true that rrost uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more cr less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees tbetn, and when Mother Seigel's Syrnp does ils work the eyes and ears entertain only what ii natural and wholesome. 