WESLEVAN onORCH. I Yesterday being Whit Snndav, sermons were pieachod at the Palteraon-itreet Wis leyan Church, morning and evening, on tie ' Pentecostal ootpourings of the Holy Spirit.' The morning service was con ducted by tho Bev. F. J. Nance. M.A., who took for hii text Acts ii., 12, 41 And they were all amaz-:d and were in doubt,say ing one to another, What meauctb this ? ' The rev. geaueman, viewing the subject, drew atten tion to the marked contrast between the old dispensation, with tbe tiunderings on Sinai, and tbe ntrw with thc Holy Spirit descending with power as a 41 rushing mighty wind%- upon the twclre ss they were gatherrd in the upper room for prayer and supplication, lie then showed the efftct tbe lioly Spirit bad on the disciples ; bow that but a week I £®*°re they asked the question, ' Lord, wilt Thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel J ' and, ten days before, thev : were afraid to acknowledge Him and one even denied n'ns. But now they spoke with other tongues ; they were made bold, and baa no fear of thc torture and death that awaited them, Tho rov. gentleman then said that the Holy Spirit was as powerfal and willing to do as much for His people to-day as He did for thc twelve gathered ia the upper room on that day of Pentecost nineteen hundred years ago. The evening service was conducted by thc »ev. jD, J. rlockart, who based his discouisc on the latter part of the 21st verse of tbe 22nd chapter of St. John's Gospel—' Rectivo fou +1 ^ost.' The rev, gentleman saw that the words of the text suggested two thoughts-God's part and moo's part: od s part to give and man's part to receive. The earth, he said, was full of the gifts of Uod; they saw them in everything, but to crown them nil there was the gift of God'a only begotten Bon. Yet there was even a c'gh .r 6'f 5- *,n that— they not only had thc boo, but thc.-y fcad Him brought within their reach by the Holy Spirit. If they had a gold mine given to them it would be useless to tliem unless they had the power to get i he gold out of it and turn it into coin— so with -} ? God- Concerning thc second thought, the rev. gentleman said that lo rc eiye the Holy Ghost they must be passive and place themselves in the hands of God without opposition, to be used at His dis cretion. offertory at theevestngr service the chotx sang the anthem, » God be merci «ki ,in f '^y creditable manner under the able leadership of Mr W. F. Cato, 