§fy j&tnteg; jgrfyjol METHODS OF TEACHING. By C. F. 1\. To insure the highest results in the works of Sunday-school teaching, it will be necessary, as in all other undertak ings, to have the object clearly before the mind ; and everything that is at tempted in connection with the work, should be with the view of promoting or bringing about this object. For if we have a hazy and indefinite concep tion of what we desire to accomplish, the results will necessarily be vague, and indefinite also. 2\. Now what is the avowed purpose of our Sabbath school institutions ? Is it not that the scholars be made acquainted with the will and purposes of God as set forth in the Scriptures, and led into a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ ? 3\. But if this end is to be reached by our schools as a whole, it must also be the aim of the individual teasher. And with the view of his work, and with a heart full of faith and of love for souls, and a constant dependence on the vitaliz ing influence o* the Holy Spirit, the teacher cannot toil in vain. But, ' if the iron be blunt, and he do not whet the edge, then must he put to more strength, but wisdom is profitable to direct' (Ecel. x. 10.) And that teacher will achieve greater results, who, in seeking to press truth home upon the conscience, makes it a point to whet the edge of his instructions, by paying at tention to method, and seeking to excel in the art of teaching. And it is on this point that I should like to make a few practical suggestions. The method will necessarily vary, ac cording to the subject, the age and in telligence of the children, and their pre vious- knowledge; so that in preparing and conducting a lesson, the class for which it is intended must be kept in view for a method admirably adapted for one class may be found quite unsuit able for another. Hence it is important that the teacher should possess some knowledge of the minds he has to deal with. This he might gain by using every opportunity of cultivating the personal acquaintance of his scholars, and of observing their habits, and the influences which surround them in the home; This knowledge of his material would give the teacher a better ground work for instruction, and more practical results might be expected. Before' coming to the class, the teacher, by careful study must have made the lesson his own. This prepara tion is essential to give definiteness and force to the teaching. The writer would recommend the following method, having proved its efficacy in her own experi ence. ? Let the teacher choose the subject at1 the begining of the week, reading the passage through several times, until the facts are clear to the mind, and firm in the memory, so that at any time during the week his thoughts may revert to the lesson for the coming Sabbath. Let him analyse it thoroughly and consider it in all its aspects, seeking by the aid of the spirit to g°t at the hidden truth, aad to find out the jiain purpose of the lesson. Let him have a good concordance and subject index at hand, and search for and compare parallel passages of scrip ture,' and let him arrange and set down his points in natural and logical order. It is surprising how the lesson will grow during the week, especially if the teacher be apt in turning to account whatever comes to him through observa tion or reading, which might illustrate his subject. Having formed and arranged his own ideas, he might gain some valuable hints and additional information through the monthly magazine or other work, for the teacher cannot be too well informed, but in this age of commentaries and lesson helps it is often a temptation to the busy teacher to depend too much on their assistance, and this habit tends to discourage and weaken independent thought; besides it is well known that what is the product of one's own mental exertions is sure to be given with greater freshness and power than that which has been gathered from a commentary a few hours previous, or read to the scholars from the magazine. Some of the lesson-helps and magazines are well got up and contain excellent matter, but they should be used with discretion. In presenting the great truths of the Bible to young and tender minds, it is highly important that the instruction be made as fresh and attractive as possible. It should never be forced upon them, nor presented so as to repel. Otherwise the scholars may get a distaste for these lessons, aud afterwards think of the subject only with feelings of aversion. Our object is to cultivate a love for the truth. The lesson should be definite ; too much must not be attempted at one time. A single truth illustrated and pressed home on the conscience, so as to become a living principle in the character, would be a grand hour's work, while a whole array of truths, just touched upon would rather tend to confuse the mind, and produce no such great result. The teacher may begin by a short re view of the last lesson ; this would be an opportunity of testing its success. The passage of Scripture will then be read by the teacher and scholars ; as the reading proceeds the language and the allusions must be explained and illus trated, and collateral information sup plied by the teacher. The subject matter will next be dealt with. Let the scholars be encouraged to think for themselves, and to express freely their own ideas, the teacher, by skilful questioning, leading their thoughts along the channel he has marked out. References may be found by the scholars, and, wherever possible, Scripture should be used to illustrate and inter pret Scripture, e.g. in Luke XII, 32 — ' Fear not, little flock, it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom.' The question may be asked : What is meant by ' the kingdom ?' This would be explained by Rom. XIY, 17. — ' The kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost,' while the case of Ananias and Sapphira (Acts V), and that of Gehazi (2. King. V), might be quoted to demonstrate the fact that ' Lying lips are an abomination to the Lord ' (Prov. XII, 22.) The epistles should be studied in connection with the Acts of the Apostles, and the Psalms associated with the life of David, if the lesson is one of the Gospel narratives, it will be found interesting and profit able, to read and compare the account of the same transaction as recorded by the other evangelists. Having ascertained whether the facts of the lesson have been grasped by the scholars, the teacher must elicit the truths which the lesson enfolds. Having obtained these he should close with a brief but emphatic application. Here the teacher's knowledge of the circum stances and disposition of individual scholars will be of great service to him. As a home exercise the elder scholars might be set to search for and write out passages of Scripture, bearing upon a certain point or subject that may have been touched upon during the lesson, and encouraged to learn by heart por-. tions of Holy Writ. The catechisms should also be com mitted to memory. This is often an irksome task to children, and efforts must be made to make it interesting, and so prevent it from becoming mere rote work. To this end the teacher would do well to devote a portion of the time to illustrating and explaining these lessons. Rev. B; Smith's woik, ' Gems i Reset,' would be found helpful, as it abounds in appropriate anecdotes and . ' other matter illustrative of the catechisms. If the teacher's aim be such as we- j have set forth in the beginning of this I paper, he will not fail to realize the importance of his work, and the neces- n sity of cultivating a spirit of entire- H consecration and personal holiness in his. B own heart and life, with a burning love H for humanity, for it is out of the abund- ? ance of the heart that the mouth I speaketh. . I ' Thou must be true thyself , I If thou the truth wouldst teach, ' 1 Thy soul must overflow, if thou I Another's soul wouldst reach. ' ' I It needs the overflow of heart v ' I To give the lips full speech. I ' Think truly, and thy thoughts Shall the world's famine feed ; Speak truly and each word of thine Shall be a fruitful seed. Live truly and thy life shall be A great and noble creed.' For the teacher's encouragement let. him refer to the great reward in store for the faithful worker, as expressed in ,. Gal. VI, 9. — ' Let us not be weary in well doing, for in due season we shall reap if we faint not,' and Dan. XII, 3 — ' And they that be wise (or ? teachers ' — marg. ref.) shall shine as the bright ness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars, for ever and ever.' 