THEATRE ROYAL. HAMLET. Although the old adage that Shakespeare spells ruin has, in the light of latter day ex-<*> perience, been robbed of much of its force, there are still not a few who contend that the works of the great dramatist can never be popular with a certain seotion of the com munity, and that therefore, although scarcely synonymous with ruin, the name of Shakes peare is eeldom one to conjure with. To suoh a one the crowded house which greeted Mr. Walter Bentley's first appearance in Adelaide on Saturday night would oome as a surprise, for the seating capacity of the Theatre Royal waa taxed to its utmost by an audieuoe whioh overflowed from the gallery to the stalls, aud from the stalls to the dress circle, while the earnest at tention and discriminating applause which marked the progress of tbe play showed bow deeply those present were interested in its action. Nothing oould have been more spon taneous and btarty than the reception accorded Mr. Bentley on his entry, the prolonged applause with which be was greeted being an eloquent expression of the desire of the audience to give appropriate welcome to one of whom they bad beard ao favorably. Nor was this cordial expression of good will confined solely to bis entrance, for the delivery of each famous speech called forth again and again tbe moot approving plaudits, culminating at the oouclusion of each act in a unanimous call before the curtain. Not a little curiosity was evinced in the tragedian who had openly avowed his inten tion of " upsetting all preconceived notions of Hamlet*' and by a new and original reading of the character presenting tbe melancholy prince in a manner easily underslanded of the people. The version played by Mr. Bentley has been arranged by himself from the famous folio edition of 1023, a particularly noticeable feature being the omission of certain Boenee, and a number ot familiar lines which custom bas hitherto re tained in stage presentations of the tragedy. The elimination of the first scene in which the ghost appears to Marcellus, Bernardo, and Horatio allows the play to open advantageously in the state-room of the castle, but the oinis tsion of that in which Hamlet by letter an nounces his return " naked and alone" from exile, makes his appearance in the churchyard somewhat abrupt and inexplicable. Despite this cutting the continuity of the story is carefully preserved, and if one missos the scene in which Hamlet turns upon the courtiers with the parable of the pipe, or describes the cloud which to Polonius is "very like a whale," there are corresponding advantages to be reaped in tbe ootnpaotneas of the play and the greater prominence given its leading character. From a physical standpoint Mr. Bentley is a picturesque embodiment of the Danish prince. Tall of stature, and gifted with mobile features and a voice whioh, despite a very noticeable hoarseness, is capable of giving expression to the varying emotion? of tbe moment, bis im personation of tbe character is heightened by the simplicity and clearness of its conception. There is no questioning the sanity of the new Hamlet, his strict enjoinder on his friends to take no notion How strange or odd froe'er I bear myself, As J. perchance, hereafter sbaU tbink ravel To put an antic disposition oa is as clearly emphasised as in the scenes with Polonius and Ophelia, where expressive gestures and eloquent play of the features in dubitably convey the impression that bis mad ness is but feigned. At first, overwhelmed with grief for the loss of his father, and wounded by the forgetful nets of his mother, he is the prey of unwonted aud profound melancholy, which finds its vent in the fine soliloquy "Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would melt." The reaction which follows the first euspioion of foul play aroused by the apparition of his fathers spirit in arms, dis plays his innate manliness of character, and tbe resolve to avenge the king's "foul and most unnatural murder" becomes tbe one fixed purpose of his lite. Admirably expressed too is Hamlet's love for tbe fair Ophelia, infinite tenderness struggling for the mastery even amid tho withering torrent of words with which be assails her, while scorn and indignation are indicated by a look at the discovery tbat Polonius and the king are listening near. A fine effect is wrought at the conclusion of the soliloquy, "Oh what a rogue and peasant slave am 1" by the descent of the curtain upon Hamlet seated at the table pre'iariug tbe word.** wherein to catch the conscience of the king, and its im mediate raising upon the task accomplished and the irresolute query "To be, or not to be." The unconventional greeting extended to the players, and the conversational tone adopted in tho well-known advioe were equally natural, and the play scene, in which Hamlet, antici|*ating tbe player, rapidly repeats tbe words, " Thoughts black, bauds apt, drugs fit," and unconsciously draws himself towards the king, intensities the climax which is reached witb the agnonised cry " Lights, lights," amid a scene of wild confusion. The huoceeding scene m tbe queen's closet affords Mr. Bentley another opportunity for tbe display of tender afi*-clion. Sternly reproachful and terribly biting in speech, there is yet depicted the innermost warring between filial respect and an uucomprumisiug sense of duty, and the contrast between the rising whirlwind of passionate rage and the awe inspired by the reappearance of the ghost was strongly and powerfully marked. A departure from cuatom was observable where Hamlet exclaims " Look here, upon this picture, and on this." Usually "the counterfeit presentment of two brothers'' finds illustration either in two pic tures on the walls or in medallions worn upon the breast, but Mr. Bentley disposes alto gether of such aid, and presents a verbal con trast of the two, a reading cf the text adopted by Mr. Irving. The succeeding scene in tbe graveyard, together with the concluding action of the drama, were imorebsive aud effective, th« dramatio realism of the death scene form ing a tittingclose to a thoughtful and sch'il^rly performance. Briefly Mr. Bentl*-y'*> Hamlet is one which, while intelligent tu the many, is never commonplace, but is the outcome of a thoughtful aud appreciative study of one of the most human characters ever witnessed on the stage. It ie - matter for regret that so admirable a performance an that given by Mr. Bentley has not the supiiort of a more able company. There were receptions, tbe Polonius of Mr. Lachlan McGowan being, as tbe result of a ripe experience, carefully and humorously playeil, while Mr. 11. K. Roberta also gave a, spirited and highly commendable reading of Lai-rtea. Miss Kate Bishop was well cant as the Queen. Mr. .1. Stark made a sententious and humorous grav«dig*-fer, and Mr. Harry Hill acted with pleasing intelligence as Hciratic. Mm) Marie l-'r&eer; was totally inaudible in tbe earlier scenes as Ophelia. and although she improved with the development of the character and was seen to greater advantage in tbe mad scene, her performance seldom rose above mediocrity. Miss Virginnia Vivitnne as the court butterfly Osric had something too much ••flourish" even f«ir that feather-brained cn-ation, and the remainder of the unui[>any call for no epecial uoruiiunt. During the evening the orchewtra. under the direction of Mons. Julien de Willinioff, a well known eolo violinist and music**.) conductor of Sydney, played a number of ei-.tr ft-'/*" fli-ctionh iu add i tiou to the incidental mueic of tbe play with excellent etftct. " Hamlet" will lie re-wated to night and to morrow evening, uml will doubtless attract crowded houses on each occasion. 