We Capiicaraian SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER. 23, 189S. SEPARATION. Nothing is easier than to make our anticipations harmonize wit!-, our wishes, especially where there is room .fur speculation. Indulgence in this weakness is not uncommon, and mani festations of it have been exhibited in the Brisbane press, in connection with \- the question of Separation. The subject =-has never been discussed on economic and constitutional principles. The feelings of the Brisbane press have been manifested in many -ways, and in their expression we have had assertions and speculations. In connection with the debate on Separation last week, \w have jeen told that it ought to lay the ghost of Territorial Separation for soioe years to come, because it showed there was no real vitality in the movement, outside the prospective capitals of Rockhampteu and Toirnsville. Whether the proof of this to be drawn from the discussion is sufficient to warrant such a conclusion, our readers can judge. It ought to be remembered the subject has been so thoroughly debated on many former occasions, that there was little need for display of wordy fervour or loquacious enthusiasm at this time. Besides, it has become quite evident to the advocates of Separation that further discussion upon it in the present Legislative Assembly would be like beating the air, — a ws^te of time and effort. The contention that the vitality of the movement iu th« Central Division has bueu derived f rom th» leader of it, . and . hiu owed its energy to interested uiotiv**, is nut based on patent facts. Tliis.species of argument may be accepted in-Brisbane, and if weight is to be attacked, it will show by what inspiration the people of the metropolis are moved. Whether Separation would give an impulse to speculation in land, and bring on the boom, for which it is said Mr. Curtis is aiming, is not at all certain — is, indeed, wholly problematical. It suits our southern contemporary to state this for the purpose of argument ; but it is a mere supposition, on which fair reason ing ought not to be based. It is also placing the public spirit and mental independence of the people of the Central*District on a very low level, to contend that they have been influenced to act as they have done under the stimulus of the selfish considerations and arguments of one individual. To put out of sight all the good reasons which have been used in favour of Separation, and dwell only upon this personal element in the matter, is not fairly dealing with the subject. Among the contentions of the advocates of Separation have been these, that the independence of the Central division would lead to the enlarged productions of the soil, to the establishment of new industries, and the general^ well being of the community. Over and over again it has been pointed out how the material prosperity of the people and increased productiveness of the country would be secured by autonomy. In connection with the subject ~*»f -grazing farms, for instance, it may be pointed out that experience has already snown they are the means of increased production. They lead to the employment of a larger number of people and to greater output of wool from specified areas of country. In other words, the grazing farms already in existence, in proportion to the area occupied by them, in comparison with similar areas in runs, have given occu pation to more people, and have led to the production of more wool. Among the causes, which have given force to the demands for Separation, has been the neglect of the Central Government, in not extending the grazing farm system in the Central Division. In stead of increasing tbe number of farms, even after the land had been surveyed for the purpose, the Government sold the country in large blocks to the speculators, and without any conditions which might lead to its being imme diately utilized and made productive: The Southern Division is suffering now from the land having been sold in large areas, to persons who have kept it lying idle in order that they might after a time become' possessed of the unearned increment. This land is now unproductive, and with the object of getting it put to some use the Govern ment propose to give for it larger areas of land in the Central Division. It is this practice of sacrificing the interests of the Central Division, in order to promote those of the Southern, which has been among the real and genuine grounds of complaint, and which gives force and substance to the demands for Separation. Ic is contended Separation ought to be delayed till the Central Division has paid off its proportion of the cost of the public works, for the liquidation of which tbe lands in the Southern Division were sold. It has already been pointed out that the debt due by tbe Central Division iu this con nection may be distinctly calculated, and guarantees will be given for the liquidation of it. The Centre has long been paying its share of the interest upon the public debt, and has always exhibited a willingness to accept full responsibility in the matter. It is to be considered, moreover, that the customs duties and railway revenues of the Centre far exceed the demand of the division, and that the surplus has been going to meet the interest due by the Southern Division. It is asserted the land question is the mainspring, in the devisive agitation in Central Queens land. We recognise the truth of this assertion, and it is a solid foundation for the controversy which has been going on. The land, as we are so often told nowadays, is the source of wealth, and just as it is dealt with, will depend the future happiness and welfare i-f the people. If the publk estate in the Central District is to be' alienated and squandered, like that in the Southern District, to meet (he rxigeuriss an- necessities, of Colonial Treasurers, then we -may regard the future with great apprehension- When -we .consider -tiie state of affairs at present, -in the. Southern District, the cry there is for land, and the difficulty there is in obtaining it, while large areas are lying comparatively useless and unoccupied, to suit the wishes of land-grabbers, we may well endeavour to prevent a recur rence of a similar condition of things. It is concluded that the actual want of our great colony is not dismemberment, but administrative decentralisation. With that, the advocates of Separation would have been content, but our readers cannot bnt remember the way in which the efforts to concede it were rendered futile by those who are now opposed to Territorial Separation. It remains to be seen whether the ghost of Separation has been laid for some years to come, by tbe exorcisms launched against it by the representatives and organs of tbe Southern Division. The surest way to lay it, short of granting Separation, will be better and less selfish government than the Central Division has had to complain of. It is quite possible to give us many of the advantages and benefits of decentralization, withont re sorting to statutory measures or enact ments. So long, however, as the sentiments and opinions of the people of the district meet with no respect or deference ; so long as their representa tions, with respect to local affairs, are unheeded ; and so long as surplus re venue, earned in this Division, is largely used in developing the interests of the Southern Division, so long will the ghost of Separation flit about among the constituencies, and disturb the peace of Southern administrations. 