CHAPTER VII. . * A STRANGE SIN. As the ; events whichI have been. describing happened 20 years ago, and ? no one immediately concerned iu the case is likely to i suffer through ' the truthrbeing make ktàown, I give.below part pf a ; le'tterVwhich I received- from Mr. Armstrong: on: the} day 'following his arrest. He. began by solemnly/ charging me to: make . no attempt either ' to de- fend him or to obtain his release, and: then went on as follows : "When I was quite a young.man excitable, emotional, and of a deeply religious temperament-I was sud- denly subjected to a terrible temptation, to whicb, in a moment of unexpected weakness, I yielded. The thing was hardly done before I was overwhelmned with the most awful remorse-remorse which was the more agonising from the fact that . I was unable to satisfy, my -conscience by making reparation for the wrong I had done,,or by confessing my'guilt. " Reparation there could be none, for what had been done could never be undone ; and the consolation of con- fession was equally denied me, for to have made known my sin would have brought misery and disgrace upon the innocent. " You may call me morbid, or even i mad, if you ' will, but God is my wituess from that. day to this I have i never known a moment's peace, of mind. Life closed for me in the hour of the committal of that crime, and the thing which has borne my likeness [ is not myself but roy phantom/ ' "I have stood aside and; watched life's dance of passion and joy go by, knowing that* I was Hut a ghost, and' had no part co play among living men. and. women... Dare-1, who knew that I had no right to take.the. hand of an honest man ' in friendship, -offer my love to any I honored and loved 1 If I could only have made confession of my crimea if I could only have stood forth for what I was before all, I might at last have proved my repentance,- and have earned the right to my own and to others' respect. But confession and atonement were, for the reasons I have stated, alike denied me; and from that day to .this I have walked the world conscious that Iwas a living, incarnate Lie-a thing which seemed white and fair before men, but which knew itself to. be one of the foulest and most loathsome creatures that defile God's earth. " Can you understand now why it was that I was always solitary, brood- ing and melancholy? , Can you wonder now why "every thoughtless word of praise was to me--who knew myself for what I was, and who. was seeking, by complete surrender and sacrifice of self, to atone for the one irreparable: . wrong: I had done-like the tearing away, by a rude hand, of the bandage from an unhealed wound? I have got up in the night, after hearing such words of praise, and looked at my reflection in the glass, until I saw such loathing of myself,' expressed upon the : uncanny ghost face -: which loomed out at me i rom the silver twilight, that I could meet the look in those eyes no longer, and slunk and stole away, with furtive backward-cast glance, like a guilty thing surprised ; and I remem- ber that once in, my hatred and abhorrence of, myself I struck the 'grinning thing with <my clenched fist, cutting my flesh to the bone and shivering the glass to atoms; "Atlast I felt that I could bear the burden of my sin no more. To stand in che dock, or on the scaffold, would be a very,heaven compared to the hell <jf remorse and.self-loathing to which I was each day condemned. " And so it was that I determined to.commit, or go through a form of committing (for the thing itself I had no feeling but loathing and abhor- rence), the offence with which I am charged, and I planned it to take place afc such a time and under such circum- stances that detection and conviction were inevitable. " The rest you know ; and you know now, too, why I have forbidden you to take any steps to defend -me or to explain away my crime. To do so would be to rob me of the one thing for which I have longed as man never longed for' woman, the starving foi bread, or the dying for life. The cup of shame which I hold to my lips is sweeter to me than ever was sunlight to the prisoner in a dungeon, for novs at last I know that I shall not stej into eternity an incarnate lie-now at last I can'face God and man and mj conscience again, for, if 1 am knowt and branded as a criminal, I am ai least not that foulest of all foul thingi which defiles God's earth-an unsus pected hypocrite 1 " [THE END.] 