AMUSEME:0TQ. TOE osama; «(i. g Mr. Geo. Darnell's new diiuri'a/The Double Event achieved a distinct Bucoo8S"at.tW_jriieatro Royal on Saturday night. Tho house was orowded in all' parts ; tho audicnoo were in a holiday .mood, the pieoo was cxecllentiy oast and written in a brisk condensed and sensible stylo, so that tho per- formanoo throughout was really enjoyable. Not a hitoh occurred, a feet very unusunl for a first iiiglit, indicating tho now manngor's powers of organisation no Iors than his enterprise and indefatigability. Tho scenery, specially painted by Mr. Brunton for the purposes of the pro duction, was very ably oxcouted, thereby adding to the rcalistio: effeots of the essentially local character of tho piny. It represents Melbourne in the height of tho raolng carnival season, when social llfo presents itoolt in a state' of ferment- when the gentle pubiio ore animated by tho nil absorbing impulse of hotting ' on the favorites— when bookmakers, jookeye, trainers of horses, stable boys and tho whole oorps of spiolers and other usually ohjootionablo diameters surge to the surface and beoome for tho nonoo centres of Saturnalian interest, Tho very atmosphere soems olinrged wim mo mioxioaving inuuenaes of tho gambling mania. Tho Derby and Cup so fill tho mind that there seems hardly room for tho considera tion of the ordinary business of life. In writing a play- tho skilful dramatist seeks primarily to oatoh tho tone and infuso into his . oharsoters and inoidents the spirit requisite for the due development of his plot. In this particular Mr. DarreH has been extromely felioitous. , Despite the many opportunities whioli suoh a subject presents for burlesque and coarse humor, lie oarofully avoided caricature or vulgarity. Yet he is faithful in hiB estimation of rascality, and does not exaggerate the phases of dooont society when brought into oontaot with what is de- oidedly the reverse. We do not pretend to urgo that tho pieoo defies the . criticism of the captious. It is weak in several points; and has. that Ineldental gornlturo of sentimental titbits whioli nro characteristic of most of Mr Dsmll'l plays, and whioli aro specially designed to catch tho galleries. Handing over a scaled envelope oon taming a forgedoheqno to a porfectelraaeerln a racing olnb room is about the last thing thai any sane individual would tl.ink of doing the cffeol of seeing a ghost under theciionm stances depicted in the third net is a strain upon the accepted ideas of things in the colonies Apart, however, from these peculiarities The Double Event is a rattling and intero'stin- drnmn, and, what is of most consequence ling money in it. Nono of the characters' ore strikingly original, hut thoy are in TOny mstanoes tho verisimilitude of well kuown habituds of tbo Flomington coursa and the raoing clubs. Miss Edith Bland ns leading lady had tho port of a woman of somewhat equivocal reputntion, living as she does as tho dcooy of the villain of tho piece, who keeps a boozing and gambling don, tho resort of (he gilded youth and tho plethoric bucks who may bo seen about Melbourne during racing lime. Notwithstanding hor surroundings, slio induces » i.t.iiiuj apuuuiien oi mo iingiiHii nrihtocraoy to marry her. Wo liavo seen Miss Bland to muoh more advantage. There is not sufficient in tho part to evolve her peculiar abilities whioli lio in the direction of interpreting tiio characters, not of grand and refined ladies of questionable antecedents and means, hut of those to bo found at tho extrcmo lower rung of tho social ladder, tho poor wrecks strouded amidst tho rooks and going rapidly to pieces, hapless and deserted. In such characters Miss Bland plays with groat fidelity to nature. Hor pooulinr enunciation gives point to her language and manner, and her wholo soul Booms wrapped in tlio picture of liumnn depravity nml wretched, licss. As a fusliionnhle lady she is artificial and constrained, giving no idea of a distinct indivi duality, hut rather of ono of those women who do not count, and whoso presence amidst hor surroundings sown a puzzlo to tlio onlooker. Sir. Darrell plays tho hero, one named Mar.<ton, a future English baronet in disguise, impecu nious and in lovo with tho daughter of that rara avis an lionost bookmaker. He is tho owner of a crack racehorse, with which ho pro poses to win the double event, the Derby and Cup, and thus retrieve his fortune and wed the lady of his choice. Tho pntt does uot call for moro than tho cxcroiso of polite manners and conduct ns a gentleman, who is never be- trayed into forgetfulness of noilcssc oblige, however provoked ho may bo by tho ac tions of those witli whom for tho timo being he may have to nssooiato. In this par ticular Mr. Darroll was unexceptionable. Tho most distinot character in the piece lias been nssigned to Mr. Chas. Brown. It is that of Fletolier, tho ox.traincr and keeper of tlio gambling den. This scoundrel is not dnpioted after the common stylo of tho merely dramatic villain. Ho is superior in a way, oven when lie finds himself at hay, and resorts to violence. Mr. Brown very properly regards Fietclior as one of these ostensibly reputable proprietors of hotols who nffcot the conversation and society of tho better oiass, and who scctn to think an cxcessivo display of jewellery absolutely ncccs- snty to demonstrate their superior standing in the trade. Such men nre not the less danger ous, and are ns cnpnble at lending a hand at a swindlo wlioro large stakos aro at issue as the biggest sobundrol out of Pentridgo. This inter pretation of tho part fell in natiirnlly, sand wiched as it was with Lord and Lady Mayfield and Mr. Mnrston on tlio ono hand and old Solly Yates, Nelly Whito tlio barmaid and hoc youthful spieler lover on tlio other. Mr. Brown is a thoroughly conscientious actor, aud Ids success on Saturday night was fully recog nised by tiio audience. Miss Jenny Lee, tlio sprightly barmaid, wns a triflo hard in manner, but still entertain ing. Her oustomnry exuberanco was controlled by stngo discipline, if not by nrtislio considerations, with tho very best results. Mr. .well known bookmaker, with a spice of Ilis Davhiof Tho Flying Soud. Miss Ida Herbert as tli.e ingenuio Edith Kingdou wns pleasing with- yout\ overdoing the sentimental young lady. MrJiInman ns Lord Mayfield, Mr, Green- .away das Detective Smiricc and Mr. Atlicl- wood'-as "Wells, tlio joolrey, dosorvo a word of rprafse. Tho blno ballet at tlio oioso seems a trifle outrd, bat tho illuminated oorypiiee as tlio centra of tho scene wns a scientific wonder. Tlio arrangements both on tho stngo nnd in front of tho house wero admirable, and it is only justice to soy that all concerned deserve to bo compli mented upon tho result of tho ovening's enter- "tainmont. A dramatic season will ho commenced this (Saturday) evening at tho Bijou Tlicatro uiulor tho manngemont of Mr. Ainory Suilivnn and a well selected oompnny. Mr. Sullivan lias arranged to produce nil original drama, entitled The Adventuress, which was given him by his father, who is still remembored by old identities in Melbourne, when the oity was in n moro hopeful oondition than it is just at present. Wo sinaeroly congratulate Mr. Suilivnn upon hiB enterprise, and trust his pluok may ho equalled by his success. . The Alexandra wns rooponod on Saturday night by a aampany, sevoral mombors of whioh ore well known in the profession, with on Irish drama entitled Aynin Na Niok, or tho Rebel Chief. The theatre has been lying a heavy burden for somo time on tlio nanus m monotdry institution, with whom it stands ns ono of tho sad monuments of the boom. Mr; Dampior found the rout nbsolutoly crushing, and surrendered aftor a herd s'_ru8S'0- Whon he was unnhlo to oopo with tlio difficul ties of the situation, with all tho oxporionos au prof OBstonar advantages lie possessed, it worn he siugular indoed if a mixed company without any partiou|nr oapabillticB Oould hope to sue coed. However, tlio sooiely lias greatly reduce tho rent, and offered ofclior induoomonts to 10 company in order if possible to revive tlio as ropresontod by this thoatro. Mr. BootUms . takes tho title role of tho drama, anil Ansa Ruth Gray tho part of the heroine. The per formance wns not spoolally exhilarating o Saturday night, not having boon siuRloiontty rehearsed j . bnt on : Monday it indicated signs of improvement. The drama, however, ia by no means powerful, any. mora than tlio stage npptiances aro extensive, and many anomalies and incongruities therefore woro apparent;; yet we have no desire to bo unkind or expect too muoh where so mnny difficulties had to bo con tended with. If tho rent of the house woro brought within reasonable limits, and some little capital invested in the enterprise, there is roally no reason,' with good management, why tho Alexandra .Theatre should uot be made, a going concern. . > . At the Alhambra tho usual variety entertain ment has been given, with somo additions to strengthen the programme. - - The Cogills have largely augmented their foroesntSt. George's Hall, and during Easter TyQOK limy uu buiu bu.iiuvuuucu uuiug- u luuuug business. , Tiio programme is varied nnd ' attractive and well deserving of all the support accorded it by tho public. TheGaioty is described on the bills as a house of refined variety, and as sitch provides for the delectation, of those who think the highest (delight of mundane existonco consists of sing ing and dancing, with a littlo ncrobatism and wonderful featB of strength and agility thrown in. The proprietary shared in the general revival during the wook. Easter proves invariably the sunny season at tho "Waxworks. Tho week has proved no exception to tho rule, as might be anticipated ' under Mr. Phil. Stuart's ablo management. .. 