THE FINANCIAL CRISIS. fBY R. Caldwkll. M.P.1 You are certainly entitled to the thanks of the community for having secured from one of our most capable fellow-colonists some valuable remarks having reference to tbe financial crisis whioh the Australian Colonies have recently experienced. In matters of general policy and finance it is admitted by those most capable of forming an opiniou that South Australia has no more com petent authority than Mr. Barr Smith. Con sequently any remark which he haa to make respecting our present trouble is entitled to serious consideration. I am quite at one with Mr. Barr Smith *hen he says ' Doubt and suspicion are in the air,' and having been taught long ago to believe that ' the curse causeless would not come' 1 have made it my duty, not recently, but some yean back, to ascertain what causes were operating in bringing about the doubt and suspicion which have of late attained both local habitation and name. For so surely aa tbe foul play which occasioned the death of Hamlet's father resulted in the appearance of the ghost at Elsinore, so surely aUo has the present condition of uncertainty, when ' aire from heaven and blasta from hell' are strangely crossing and commingling, been brought about by ill-deeds done in other days, when perhaps an unsuspecting community, or the 'good, easy' rulers of the people, were asleep. 1 am quite in accord with Mr. Barr Smith when in conclusion he remarks — 'At the present time we ought to have no patience with fussy meddlers. Here and now we are compelled reluctantly to admit that the parrots of society are more destructive than tbe birds of prey.' Th«t is to %ay parrots will do greater harm to grapes or grain than eagles. Of course such is not the case when unfortunate beasts of burden or the lambs of the flock are concerned At the present time there is no getting awa*r from the faeu that we are called upon to endure misfortune of no ordinary description. It may have burst upon many like an unex pected thunderstorm, but those who could read signs and estimate tendencies saw the process working, and are not at all surprised at results. On November 15, 1892, ' Hansard' reports (page 1,622)—' Mr. Caldwell referred to the inadequate protection accorded the public so far as the operations of Banking Companies were concerned. TheCompanieshad obtained charters from Parliament, but no pro vision had been made to aaoertain whether they conducted their business in accordance with the conditions of the charters. There was, unfortunately, reason for believing that in many instances the Banks did business in direct violence to the charters. The subject required the most urgent consideration, and he hoped ' the Treasurer, who was a Director of one of the Banks, would carefully look into it.' During the last two years, being conscious of the presence of 'doubt and suepioion' in the air, with the exception of sounding a note of warning now and then, I practically, if not prudently, kept my mouth closed. I resolved todo nothing to hasten or aggravate the trouble which I saw surely coming upon us. Since the bursting of the storm, however, it should be the privilege of those who tried to guide the vessel from the rocks to take an interest in the passengers who have been forced to endure misfortune through no fault of their own. It was in the interests of those who do not attend publio meetings, cannot write to news papers, but wh'-- nevertheless suffer from the faults of others, that the Current Account Release Bill waa introduced. I have no desire to ' earmark all the coin and bullion in the re constructed Banks,' neither do I think ihe Bill now before the House can possibly have that effect. The limit of my intention is to make ' current accounts' a fir6t charge on the assets of a Bank in the event of liquidation. This proposal may be unwise, but it is by no means un reasonable. Nothing which has been done or proposed in Parliament during the last twenty-five years has more tended to destroy confidence in Banks doing business in this colony than the action which some of these Companies have taken durinsr tbe last six months. My desire is to see better foundatioLS laid and the walla of the institutions in question strengthened. I do not altogether approve of Mr. Jenkins's Mort gagors' Liability Limitation Bill, but so far as future transactions are concerned I fail to see that serious trouble is likely to result from the limitation of the liability to the property against which the advance is made. Were Mr. Jenkins to carry his pro posal a little further and 6top all bor rowing, whether for private or publio purposes, I don't know but! in the end a much sounder condition might result. While tbankinn you for the opportunity you have given my much- respected countryman, Mr. Barr Smith, for making certain state ments intended to promote the wellbeing of everybody, let me assure you and my mentor that my desire to serve all clashes of the community is not less sincere ; but my knowledge of their condition at pre sent compela me to believe that something must be done for them off the ordinary lines. 