NOVEL. The Golden Fleece. CHAPTER VI.—(CONTHTOED.) BY J- HAWTHORNE- ' I don't ask to know your secret: I think you hud better say no more.' Freeman shook his head. ' I must speak,' tsid he. ' I don't care what becomes of me, so long as I stand right in your opinion,— your father's i.ud yours. I am here to find out whether this desert oan be flooded,— irrigated,—whether It's possible, by any means, to bring water upon it. If my report is favorable, the company will purchase hundreds, or thousands, of square mileB, and, incidentally, my own fortune will be made.' ' Why, that's the very thing ' She etopped. ' The very thing your father had thonght ofYes, so I imagined, though he has not told roe so in so many words. So I'm in tbe poEiticn of EL- Tieptitiously taking away the prospective fortune of a man whom I respeot and honor, and who treats me aa a friend.' Miriam walked on some steps in eilenoe. ' It is no fault of yours,' Bhe said at last. ' You owe us nothing. Ton must carry oat your orders.' 1 Yes ; but what is to prevent your father from thinking that I stole his idea and then used it against him ?' ' You oan tell him the truth: he eould not complain ; and why should you care if he did f I know that men separate business from—from other things.' They had now come to the little enclosed rpsce where the fountain basin was ; and by tacit consent they seated themselves upon it. Miriam gave an exclamation of surprise. •The water is gone !' she said. 'How etraoge !' ' Perhaps it has gone to meet us at our Kndfzvous in the desert.—No : if I teli your father, I should be unfaithful to my employers. But there's another alternative: I can resign my appointment, and let my place be taken by another.' < And give up your ohanoe of a fortune ? IDU mustn't do that.' ' "What is it to you what becomes of me ?' ' I wish nothing but good to oome to you,' said the, in a low voice. ' ' I have never wanted to have a fortune until now. And I must tell you the reason 0i that, too. A man without a fortune does very well by himself. He can knook about, end live from hsnd to mouth. But when he wants to live for somebody else,—even if he has only a very faint hope of getting the opportunity of doing it,—then he must have come settled means of livelihood to justify him. So I say I am in a diffionlt position. For if I give this up, I must go away ; and. if I go away, I must give up even the little hope I have.' • Don't go away,' said Miriam, aiter a pause. ' Do you know what you are easing ?' He teeitated a moment, looking at her as she loot ed down at the empty basin. ' My hope wis that you might love me ; for I love you, to be my wife.' Tee color slowly rose in Miriam's face: at leegth she hid it ii her hands. ' Oh, what is it F' she said, almost in a whisper. ' I have known you only three days. But it (terns as if I must have known you before. There is something in me that is not like QyEelf. But it is the deepest thing in me ; and it loves you : yes, I love you !' Her hands left her face, and there was a light in her eyes whioh made Freeman, in t<-e midst of his rejoioing, feel humble and nworthy. He felt himself in contact "with sonething pure and sacred. At the same moment, the recollection reenrred to him of the figure he had seen the night before, with '-he features of Miriam. Was it she indeed i Was this she ? To doubt the identity of the individual is to lose one's footing on the alia earth. For the first time it occurred to him that this doubt might affect Miriam herself. Was she obBCrTely oonscious of !ko states of being in herself, and did she therefore fear to toast her own impulses f Sat, again, love is the master- passion : its \- and fre rnncwal fuses all fund, things, L13 3S5 and gives them unity. Vt'ould not this love that they confessed for uch other burn away all that was abnormal »m enigmatic, and leave only the unerring tnm&a; heart, that knows its own and takes i> These reflections passed through Freecan's mind in an instant of time. But he uo metaphysician, and he obeyed the uce aud wholesome lnstinot which has ever tten man's surest and fastest guide through tie mysteries and bewilderments of existence. He took the beautiful woman in his arms 6 -d kissed her. 'This is real .and right, if any thing is,' sad he. ' If there are ghosts about, you ud I, at any rate, are flesh and blood, and shtre we belong. As to the irrigation scrape, there must be some way out of it: u' cot, no matter ! You and 1 love each, ether, and the world begins from this aoment!' ' My father must Vnow to-morrow,' said tiam. No doubt we shall all know more tocorrow than we do to-day,' returned her ioTer, cot knowing how abundantly his prophecy would be fulfilled : he was overfiow- ^g with the fearless and enormous joy of a Joang man who has attuned at one bound 'to commit of his desire. ' There,! they are ^fog for me. flood-by, my darling. Be yourself, and think of nothing but me.' A short ride brought the little cavalcade the borders of the desert. Here, by r otmon consent, a halt was made to draw ^Mh, as it were, before taking the final Mge into the fiery furnace. .'Before we go •aS^&werii; Trednoke, approaohing^reemBnj-as hft -was tightening his girth, M'must tdl* yon what is the objeot of this expedition.' < It is not necessary, general,' replied the young man, straightening himself aad look- Ing the other in the iaee-; -'for frpm this point onr paths lie apart.* ' Why 60 ?' demanded the general, in surprise. ;,,•„„• 'What's that ?' exclaimed Hesehines, coming up, and adjusting his epectaoles.. . ' I'm not .at liberty, at present, to explain,' Freeman answered. 'AU I oan eay is that I don't feel justified in assisting you Jnyoux . affair, and I am not abla to oon&de; my own to cyotL. I wish yon to pui the least ancharitable construction yon can on my conduot. To-morrow, if we all live, I may eay more ; now, the most I oan tell yon is that I am not entirely a free agent. Meantime —Hutta leugo ' Against this unexpected resolve the general cordially protested and the professor cooffed and contended ; but XVeeman stayed firm. He had with him provisions enough to last him three days, and a supply of water ; and in a small case carried a oompaot assortment of instruments ior soientifio observation. ' Takeyour departure in what ever direotion yon like,' said he,' and I will take mine at an angle of not less .{than fifteen degrees from it. If I am ndt baok in three days, .you may conolude something has happened.' It was certainly very hot. Freeman had been aooostomed to torrid suns in the Isthmus; bnt this was a sun indefinitely multiplied by reflections from the dusty .surface underfoot. Net was it the fine, ethereal fire of the Sahara : the atmosphere was dead and heavy ; for the rider was already far below the level of the Paoifio, whose cool blue waves rolled and rippled many leagues to the westward, as, «ejns ago, they had rolled and rippled here. There was cot a breath of air. Freeman oould hear hie heart beat, and the veins in his temples and wrists thly. throbbed. The sweat rose on the snrface of his body, but without cooling it. The pony whioh he bestrode, a bony and sinewy beast of the toughest description, trod onwards doggedly, bnt with little animation. Freeman had no desire to push him. Were the little animal to overdo itself, nothicg in tbe future could be more certain that his master wonld never see the Trednoke ranoh again. It seemed unusually hot, even for that region. There was little in the way of outward incident to relieve the monotony of the journey. Now and then a short, thick rattlesnake, with horns on its ugly head, wriggled out of his path. How and then his horse's hoof almost trod upon a hideous, flat lizard, also horned. Here and there the unonuth projections of a cactus pushed upwards out of the dust; some of these the mustang nibbled at, for the sake of their juice. Freeman wondered where the juice came from. The floor of the desert seemed for the most part level, though there was a gradual dip towards the east and northeast, and occasionally mounds and ridges of wind* swept dust, sometimes.upwards of fifty feet in height, broke up uniformity. The soil was largely composed of powdered feldspar; but there were also traots of gravel -ahingle, of yellow loam, and of alkaline dust. In some places there appeared a salt «fihresoenoe, sprouting up in a sort of ghastly vegetation, as if death itself had acquired a sinister life. Elsewhere, the ground quaked and yielded underfoot, and it became necessary to make detours to avoid these arid bogs. Once or twioe, too, Freeman turned aside lest he should trample upon some dry bones that protruded in his path,—bones that were their own monument, and told their own story of struggle, agony, exhaustion, and despair. None of these things had any depressing effeot on Freeman's spirit. His heart was singing with joy. To a mind logioally. disposed, there was nothing but .trouble in sight, whether he succeeded or failed in hiB present mission. In the former case, he would find himself in a hosflie posiUok M J regarded the man he most desired to conciliate ; in the latter, he would remain the mere rolling stone that he was before, and love itself would forbid him to ask the woman he loved to share his nnoertain existwnoo. Bat Freeman was not logical: he was happy, and he oould not help it. He had kissed Miriam, and she loved him. His course lay a few degrees north of east. Far across the plain, danoing and turning somersaults in the fantastio atmosphere, were the summits of a range of abrupt hills, the borders of a valley or ravine whioh he wished to explore. Gradually, as he rode, his shadow lengthened before him. It was his only companion ; and yet he felt no sense of loneliness. Miriam was in his heart, and kept it fresh and bold. Even hunger and thirst he scarcely felt. Who oan estimate the therapeatio aud hygienio effeots of love ? The mustang oould not share his rider's source of content, but he may have been conscious, through animal instincts whereof we kno v nothing, of an uplifting and enoouraging spirit. At all events, he kept up his steady lope without faltering or apparent effort, and seemed to require nothing more than the occasional wetting whieh Freeman administered to hiu noBe. There would probably be some vegetation, and perhaps water, on the hills ; and that prospect may likewise have helped him along. Nevertheless, man and beast may well have welcomed the hour when the craggy acclivities of that lonely range became so near that they seemed to loom above their heads. Freeman directed his steps towards the southern extremity, where a huge, pallid mass, of almost regular pyramids! form, reared itself aloft like a monument, fie skirted the base of the pyramid, «nd .there opened on his view a narrow, winding valley, scarcely half a mile in apparent breadth, and of a very wild and savage aspect. Its general direotion was nearly north and south, and it declined downwards, as if seeking the interior of the earth. In ffeot, it looked not unlike those imaginative pictures of the road to the infernal regions described by the ancient poets. One oould pioture Pluto in his chariot, with PrOserpine beside him, thundering downwards behind his blaok horses, on the way to those sombre and magnificent regions which are hollowed oat beneath the surface of the planet. Freeman, however, presently saw a sight whioh, if less specularly impressive, was Jar more agreeable to his eyes. On a shelf or oup of the declivity was a little dump of vegetation, and in the midit of it welled np. a thin stream of water. The mustang scrambled eagerly towards it, and, before Freeman had time to throw himself out of the saddle, he had plunged his muzzle into the rivulet. He suoked it down with suoh satisfaction that it was evident the water was not salt. Frceman^laid. himself prone upon the brink; and followed, his steed's, example. Tiie draught was cool and pure. 'I didn't know how muohI wanted.itJ' said he to himself. ' It must oome-from a good way down. If I could only bring the parent stream the sorfaoe, my mission would be on a fair road to success.' . An examination of the spring revealed the fact that it could not have been long in existence- Indeed, there were no tnoes whatever of long continuance. The aperture in the rock through whioh- it triokled bore the appearance of having been recently opened ; fragments were lying near it that Beemed to have been just broken off. The bed of the little stream was entirely free from moss or weeds; and after proceeding a short distance it dwindled and disappeared, either snoked up in vapor by the tomd air, or absorbed into the dusty soil. Manifestly, it was a recent creation. ' And, to be sore, why not ?' ejaculated Freeman. ' There was an earthquake last night, whioh swallowed up the spring inthe • Trednokes" garden: probably, that same earthquake brought this stream to light. (so Bs ooHrnnriD.) 