THE MYSTERY1 of THE TOWER. A TALB OF THRILLING INTEREST, BY HELEN OORWIN PIERCBOE, CHAPTER XXV. AN INFAMOUS DZaD. Captain Dunning went all the way to Columbus to try and find Kenrick Prince, the writer of the letter that had been found in the cell of Rick Halsey, after his escape from prison. He hoped to get from Mr Prince some information regarding his missing priso ner. He was most anxious to secure Halsey, both because it was his duty, and still more, because he worshipped his beautiful young daughter, his only child, and wished to save her, in spite of herself, from her in fatuation for a villain and criminal, whose brutal behaviour towards her was deserving of the lash. Captain Dunning was by nature one of the gentlest, kindest, and most generous of men. But he hated the wretch, Rick Hal sey, with all the ,bitterness he could feel, with a vindictiveness that could not be re pressed. He would willingly have given every thing he possessed to have had Halsey in his power. Of course his trip to Columbus was of no avail, and he returned to the penitentiary disheartened, to attend to matters requir ing attention. Then he intended to pay another visit to Rcellen Hail, and make a fresh effort to see Kenrick Prince. Meanwhile the country was being well searched for Halsey. Large rewards were offered for his apprehen=ion, and officers were looking in every direction for the criminal. As the reader has doubtless surmise3, Kenrick Prince was not dead, but merely suffering under the deep and baleful in fluence of the powerful drug Dr Varle had given him. On the night following his seeming de cease, Doctor Varle, at the de d of night, removed him, still unconscious, from the Hall. He had solemnly promis.d Belle to take his unfortunate charge to some secure spot where he would be faithfully and carefully looked after, receiving every comfort and luxury save liberty, and he had received from her the large sum of five thousand dollars as payment for acting according to instructions. There was a reward offered for Rick alley, five hundred dollars by the govern. ment, and a thousand dollars by Captain Dunning. An infamous thought came to Dr Varle and he resolved to act upon it. He waited in safe quarters with his vic tim until Captain Dunning returned to his duties,and then be called upon him on the business. Captain Dunning did not receive him very cordially. He knew the doctor's re putation too welL But at mention of Halsey he became in terested. "If I could put you positively on Halsey's track-if l am the means of putting him in your possession again, what will you give me? A paltry thousand or fifteen hundred dollars is no temptation to me. What will you give me?" "I will double the reward I have already offered." Varle shook his head. "That won't do. I shall have to getout of the country as fast as I can go. Mylife will not be safe after I have betrayed him to you. I must have five thousand" Captain Dunning hesitated-not because of the money, but he mistrusted the pale doctor. " If I could be sure-" he began. "[ I will make you sure--satistled, before I ask you for a cent of the money," Varle promptly replied, Dunmng eyed him doubtingly and with keenness. " Very well." he said slowly, "do it." "When will you have the money ready for me?" "I will give you a cheque at any time you please." "That won't do. I must have green backs." " I can get them at a few hours' notice.' "Will you have them ready to-morrow evening ?" Captain Dunning agreed. " Now then," said Varle, " I know you are a man of honor. You will deal with me on the square, and not attempt any underhand means of learning my secret or securing my man ?" " You know I will not," Dunning said, flushing. "I will tell you how I am able to bring Halsey to you. He came to me, a very sick man, soon after his escape. lIe hed been hurt in some sort of a railroad smash, and fever set in. He has been delirious part of the time, and he is queer yet. I shall put him under the influence of a nar cotic to bring him here. He must go into the hospital at first" Dunning listened in breathless excite ment, white to the lips. " Was he alone ?" "Yes, when he came to me." "Did he say anything about his wife ? Was she with him when he was hurt? Perhaps she was killed." "I don't think so. Hie talked aboout her i his delirium. I guess he was running away from her when the smash caught him." "Served him right. Pity he didn't die," Captain Dunning muttered, bitterl. "He ts pretty near it, I tell you. And so Captain Dunning thought when Dr Varle brought up the pretended L;ick Halsey on the following evening. He had been prepared for a change, but not for beholding anything so pitiful as this wasted object, which had to be brought inside the prison walls of the prison on a bed, and who looked st him out of dull and unrecognising eyes, with a sadly pathetic glance. Varle had not given him a narcotic after all. lie found that his unhappy prisoner was already too passive, with suffering, hope lessness and despair, to cause him any newt ±.uble. Captain Dunning was so agitated over the affair that he could scarcely contain himself 'ot a doubt had he that this wasted and pitiful wreck of a handsome man was the willain who de.errvedprison bars, and whom he so hated-the resemblance was so won derful. He was shocked at the change, the awful change made by terrible illness and sufer ing-the eyes efspecially held such depths of gloom and woe. "le looksas though he had been through something very dreadful," he said to Varle. "1 never saw a man so altered." The doctor's colorless lips twitched a little. "Yes, he has been pretty bhad," he said. " lie would have died had it not been for me." Still, though the captain had been up to the last moment suspicious of some cheat, he was atisfied the moment he saw the man. IIH bent eagerly over him. "Where is my daughter, lissey ?"' he asked. " Where did you leave her?" Kensick Prince stared at him. 1s Captain Dunning had only been able to aread the terrible tragedy written in those dark, u.'happy eyes. "My naim e is not IHalsey," the sick man said, wearily. "I don't know what you mean. What place is this, pleasei " Dunning louked at the false and wicked doctor. " flow changed he isr Even his voice I is altered. ,&nd; his eyes re strangely ditereat. " I tol you he was queer yet," Varle said, pl y. His brain was injured. I don't thi he will ever be the same man again. may never entirely recover his asenaes" "Ithin everybody, himself included, would be Itter off," replied Dunning. Doctor brle received the reward of his villainy-le promised sum of money-and departed. He was not altogether happy. "I haveseen mixed up in some pretty tough thins in the course of my life," he said to hiuelf," "but I dont think I ever did anythig so mean as this. If it had been the ral Hlalsey-that sneering Jas per I'rincs-l should be happy; " only," he addedl,dnching his teeth, "I should d have got Bele after me in that case. She will rage a'sut this affair if she ever finds out, but n tling to what she would do if I betrayed to other. Odd, how she can keep on lonvg such a scoundrel, and he so mean to he;too. Oh,,these women! But I made a saofactory deal, in that trans action, anyvb ." A month had gone by since Madame SRulnel's funel. Jasper anBelle were full of wonder that they heard a more from Dunning, and, in I secret, Belle speculated greatly what had I become of Vrle. She wrote b him at various places, but got no answe. At last she:eceived a letter, lie wrote her that Kenick Prinre was dead-that a blunder had ben committed somehow, and he had not ben able to bring him out of the drugged tance in which he had been removed fromthe Hall. Belle's horer almost overpowered her. She felt in tbh first shock as though there was nothing ne would not have done to have brought;he dead to life. She had intended to use his pretended death as a string weapon in her scheme of vengeance aganst Jasper, but her plans had recoiled upon herself. If she had known that, instead of being in his grave, he was, by a strange perverse fate, fallen into ais wicked brother's prison cell, her would she have felt then ? " I an sorry he is dead," she murmured, " it is .o horrille. I feel almost as if I had mtrdered him. HIow could that old villain have blundered ?" Blutnot a suspicion of the truth ever enterel her mind. " Th' complicates matters again," she mused. "Wnile Kenrick lived, I had the upper hind of Rick if he should try any time to get rid of me, and marry Sibyl t'rince. But now-" A spasu of pain crossed the lovely face, as she wert on, " Why te I luxe him so ? Could any thing, I wolder, male me hate him ? .ls he talked to Varle, that time, I thought it had put an end to mi love, but that was a mistake. Deapiaing him, holding him in thorough contempt yet the love remains just the same. Ort:ere would not be the bitter jealousy in mi mind concerning that proud young I.eaut-Sybil Prince. 'l'h hatred that tills my heart when she comes near me. Yet, how htautiful she is. A demon seems to urge noe to do anything possible to thwart heL There is nothing too mean or too conteultible for me, if it injures her." CHAPTER .lVI. WHILE atLLE V.s GONE. "What are you going to do about Sibyl Prince 1" Belle aked Jaspr, ." You cant keep her shut up in thous: twer rooms feo aver." Jasper flushed uneasily. "Why not I She is safer here than any. where else." ' By no means. If I were In her place. you would not be able to keep me there lone, and Sibyl and Miss Girt are each as smart as I am. You had betur send Miss Garr adrift and put Sibyl in Fne good, kind insane asylum. You have ofelt threatened "Good? Kind r' repeated Japer, mock mcly. " It is tre first time I eo.r heard an insane asylum callid that. AnB the very first thing Mliss Garr would g t, your father and tell him where lrick lisey is." " Be good enough to say CaptamUuuning. and don't forget it, either! " tlshd Blelle her beautiful face chalk.white wit anger, suddenly. "I will, I will. Don't get ma : Belie," Jaspfr hastened to say, conciliating. " If I take care of Niss Garr, wi;l you do as I say about Sibyl : "Pl'erhaps. What is your plan Ishould have to be convinced that it would be as safe for me to have her in an asylhU as here." "Yon cou'd make it safe by pying enough. It might be a g at idea to put Mios Garr there, too. You would have to g OIld Varle to help you. It is something e:ctly in his line." lasper paled a little. "I think I have had enough of old i'rle to last me my lifetime. I don't like theidea. It seems cruel." Belle's teeth clinched. 1er breath amne quic'd . "Oh, of course l" she said, bittely. " Hlow tender- hearted we have got all at I once! Fair Sibyl must not go anywhere mct side of this house. That would be erel. To keep her shut up here in an old, da, mouldy, ghost.hsunted room, where you crun go and bally her whenever you like, is ns. cruel-oh, no !" "I have never been inside the room when she i., since she was shut up there," Jaspce said, angrily. "Good reason why," said Belle, with an expressve lifting of her pretty, grecefu. shoulders. " Hlhvever, you can't keep her shut up where she *s much longer without an inverstigation. You know best whether you want her cease examined by the autbo.i rities. Ja'per started violently. "What do you mean!" " Well, that is want it would come to. UHlsn't Mrs Truit said anythini to you " "About anything of that sort I Certainly not." " But about something else 1 I can see it in vour face. She has been talking to you about me I" helle cried triumphantly. "Oh. you need not try to get out of it I I know it. She has been hinting arvound to me that it did not look well for a man to shut his wife up if she was crazy, just so he could get a chance to make love to his dead mother's pretty maid. IHa, ha !" "Well, she did not speak to me about you." Jasper solid. "I don't see how sending Sibyl oif would make it any easier for you to stay." Belle's hot temper flashed white in her face again; bat she controlled it, only re. marking, with sweet sarcasm "Of course, it is much easier to get rid of a real wife than a pretended one. But let fair Sibyl go for the present. irs Rick Hal sey has to be disposed of the first thing." Jasper made a movement of impatience. Belle laghbed She Ilked to provoke him "It seems necessary," she went on, "in orier to stop these wragging tongues, that Lucy Venner should leave. She shall go '" Jasper looked at her excitedly. lIe w so taken by surprise, he did not know whether he wanted her to go or not. IBelle's clever, sharp braIn was very useful to him just now, but her role was rather an iron one. " You don't mean it i" he said. I do. Lucy enner shall g!o, and Dorcas uael shall come in her place. "Who is Dorcas Bludel '" ." maidllen sister of your stepfather's, manufactured fr this occasion." Belle laughed at his stare of bewildcr. ment. r there is no such person." Jasper said. "There will be by this time to morrow," Belle retortned gaily. "Yos just have a car riage take me to meet the seveno'clock train for town to.night. Giood.bye, Lucy 'enner I As ssn as I get there, I will telegraph you in Dorcas Iuel 's name to meet me at the tirsnt morning's express That will bh about ha'f.pust ten o'clock, I guess. You will find Mliss Dorcas tuel waiting for you, and I'll bet you that little missing budget of greesn backs you won't know me yourself f' Ie smile I scornfully. " You are very good at tiat kind of thing but you couldn't fool me. I know those big green eyes of yours too well. You woult have to get rid of them before you could play yourself of as anybody else to anyone wht knew those eyes. I don't like the plan, Helle. I am sure It won't work. Let me tell you mine. You go up to town and wait. I will join you in a few dlays. We will take all the money we can raise, anl skip. Hloew will that do 1" For a moment the beautiful, foolish, loving woman was thrillled to her proud, passionate heart by the words. But she knew him so well. ale hal deceivel her so often. " What do you calil a few days I" she asked, with an angry sneer. " Time enough to tix up matters with fair Sybil, and take her somewhere that I could not tial you I It won't do, my clever friend. I leave to. night; Dorcas Ruel comes in the morning, and you will see how qui:kly she will dig. pose of Mistreas Sybil." Jasper winced, but finally agreed to Be le's arrangements with fairly ge.xl grace. He bad t to. There was no other way. The wile whom he hal doubted awl abused in the past had the upper hand now. lie drew a long breath of relief when Belle was out of the house. "I suppose I can call my soul my own while she is gone, and no longer," he mut tered. "So I had better improve the time. I'll go and see Sybil." There were two sets of keys to the tower rooms. Belle kept one and took them away with her to prevent Jasper Prince visiting Sybil while she was gone. Jasper had told her that Doctor 'arle had the others, but it was not true. They reposed quietly in his own pocket. What he promised to himself from an interview with Sybil, he did not know. He had no real plans concerning her ex cept in a vague way. lie meant to get rid of Belle sometime and marry Sybil. Just howit was to be done was not very clear in hi, own mind. lIe bad some vague notion of getting a divorce from sells. Doctor \alae would help to fix it up, he fanciel, if well enougah Ipaid for it, ant he lid not know how he could have ever felt safe in his stolen identity or sscure of the money till Sybil hat really become his wife. Hlow to get rid of beautiful, unmanageabe Ilelle, that was the question. To do the handsome villain justice, he lid not now wish her dead. Unawares to himself, a curious change ha I 'egun in his wicked heart when he saw his mother and his brother lying there dead. "No, no I" he said. shadderiugly, whenever the thought of ridlling himself of Belle in that way came over him. Still she was an obstacle, and he wanted that obstacle removeal in some way. " What a j khe it would be," he muttered, "to put her in some good kin i insane asylum instead of Sybil, as she proposesl I ut I couldn't do it. I know I couldn't. I must be getting soft.heartel, as Bele says." lie wanted to see Sybil. He exulted in the foct that there was no one now to inter fere with hi. doing so. Ilsl mother, he thought with a shuader was gone. Belle was gone. Stbyl was in a Iackel room, and he had the key Why should he not to and see her! Why, indeel, except that in his cowar tly soul he was afraid t, meet the beautiful, accusing. threatening gaze of the women w.eose hus. band he believed, and she bllieve I, h: had slain. How her dark, sweet eyes had flashed at him like swords that night when she called him "murderer." He bshank with a sort of horror from meeting her, and yet he was resolved to go. She drew him with an irresistible fasiema. Lion. She possessoe him, as it were, with a langiag to be in her presence, which he could not control. lie went slowly down the corridor that led to the tower, and his step grew slower as he drew near, till he stopped entirely, ant after some moments' hesitation went hurry. ing back to his own room, where he had a flask of brandy. He poured out half a glass of the raw spirits and swallowed it at a gulp. "I guess I can do it now," he muttered. grimly, wiping the moisture from his fore head. Ile put the i ,ok in his pocket, and went out into the passage again. lIe helped himself to another liberal arnught from the flask before he opened the door and passel into the presence of the two ladies, almost without warning. Sybil was lying down, with all her dark, silky hair unbount and tlowing over the pillow. Miss Garr sat be.ide her. Jasper paused just inside the door, his heart betting hot and h:avy at sight of that sweet white face framed in masoes of soft, waving black hair. Both ladies started up in violent excite. ment at sight of him. The horror anti abhorrence on Sybil's beautiful pale face was terrible to see. The change which grief and imprisonment had wrought in that lovely countenance in so short a time amazed him. " Murderer 1" uttered Sybil, in low, in tense tones " HIIave you come to kill me. too 1" "Good evening, Mr Hoaley!" said Miss Garr. " Have you heard from Captain Donning lately I" Ills face flasheal white and then red. He glancel at Miss GOarr. He went a step to ward her. " You shut up, old woman." he said, savagely, "or I won't promise to keep my hands off you I' "You hbad better not dare to put them on me, if you don't want your nose tweaked I" the plucky old maid retorted, her small, bright eyes like sparks. "I can handle you. and not half try." "What do you want here, Mr Halsey!" Sybil asked. S\Who are yeaou talking to'" he retorted. " ny name is not Hlalsey " lie was almost foaming with rage, the 2andsome face black and scowling. He looked mre like a demon than he did like a man. "It may not be your real name," Sibyl said, calmly; "it is your prison name, your convi-t name. I am satisfied of that it is the name CL'aptain Dunning knows you by. You ought to be called Cain, for, ike the firot murderer, I believe it was jour brother you and Doctor 'Varle killed." Jasper did not utitter a word for a noment. Then his lips curled with a Litter sneer. "No better?" he said. "Still full of those wild fancies, my beautiful wife ?" . quick shudder ran through Sibyl; she wm white as death. ' Brute!" cried Miss Garr. "Shut up, gimlet eyes !" Jasper retorted. lie took out his handkerchief to wipe the profuse perspiration from his face, and droFped it on the floor. As he stooped to pick it up, the flask of branly slipped.from his breast pocket, and lay apon the thick carpet, without his noticg it. CIIAPTER XXVII, "TIlE iiANGotAN h AWt I I Tilei. A quick flash came into Miss Garr's " gimklt-eyes." She changed her position so that the skirt of her dress covered the flat bottle. Then in a moment more she had contrived to secure it without Jasper observing her. Passing quietly into the next room, in which Dietor Varlo had left a few vials of various preparations, she selected one labeled "Laudanum," and poured the whole contents into the flask of brandy. It had ll been done so quickly that she had scarcdy been missed from the room by the other two, when she returned to it, carrying tase flask and a small goblet in one hand, mnd a pitcher of water in the other. She morel noiseleussly toward Jasper. He was looking at Sibyl and speaking. She was alnost behind him, and he did not see her. She put the glass, the flask, and the pitcher of water all on a little table which stood at Jasper's right hand and quite near, but still he did not notice her. "Now, Sibyl, understand me," he was saying. "I am willing to humor these fancies of ylourn--to allow you to imagine that there has bee ansother Kenrick Pncoe to hocm you have been manied r4d who is now dead. I am willing to allow this, and to be privately and quietly marriel over again, provided you promise to step talking about all thesea things-eslpctak to stop accusing me of murdering anybod7, or of being an escaped convict. What to you say ?" Not a word came from Sibyl. She at staring at,him with eyes of loftiest and it dignant contempt, her lips white wih pain, her whole air expressive of the utmost horror and defiance; but she did not utte a word, Jasper quailed before the fire in those beautiful eyes, in spite of those fiesce draughts of spurious courage with which he had bolstered himself. His mtcuth felt dry and parched. lie glanced around and saw the flask of brandy, the pitcher, the glass. His senses were already becoming con fused. He reached for the flask eagerly, and poured himself nearly a glass of the strong spirit and tossed it down. Prudence watched him exultingly. "Now," she thought, "if he stays here till that dose gets hold of him, the thing is done." " Well, what do you say ?" Jasper vegan again, blunderingly. " You don't expect me to do all the talking, do you?" His speech was getting thick, his eyes looked glassy. "I say you don't expect-" he began again, savagely, moving toward her. But at almost the first step he reeled, caught at the table which held the bottle and pitcher of water, and went down with it prone and sprawling, like a huge frog, among the ruins. Prudence Garr looked as though she would hlike to dance on his prostrate body. She caught Sibyl by the hand. " Come ! " she whispered. " This is our chance. The keys are in the door, and he is safe for a while. He couldn't get upon his feet now to save his life, and he will be sound as a post in ten minutes, if not less." They went out of the room quickly, taking the precaution to lock the door at each end of the little passage. "It's a wonder Miss Lucy Venner is not around somewhere spying," Prudence thought. If she had known that Miss Venner was not in the house, her mind would have been much easier. Thev went first noiselessly to their own apartments for hats and wraps. " We had better go out by the garden door," suggested Sibyl. " We shall not be so likely to be seen." " All riht," responded Prudence, boldly leading the way. But the suggestion proved unfortunate. It was about nine o'clock; there were only dim lights in the halls and passages, and they encountered no one. They could hear a faint hum and slight movement from the direction of the kitchen regions. All else was still until, as they were pass ing a door which opened into the dining. room, they heard the shrilltones of Mrs Tur. fit, the Haid housekeeper, reprimanding some servant probably. " She is coming out i" whispered Prudence Barr, and polled 'ibyl with her through the first open door she saw. "This will do till she has gone." " If she sees us, she will try to stop us," said Stbyl. " She has always hated me for 3Jme reason." " She won't see us." lint there was very little that passel any where within her ken which "Old Turfit," as the servants called her, missed. She hlad eyes like a hawk. As she came out of the dining-room, she must have caught a glimpse of the fugitives or their shadows. They had gone into a small room set apart as a storage closet. there had not been time to close the door. Mrs Turfit stood a moment near the dining room after she came out, speaking to the servant, but watching the storage-room. " W1ell, I should like to know what that means," she muttered to herself, spit;faly, "and I will, too !" She moved carelessly along till she came near the open door, when sue suddenly made a spring, caught it with both hands and shut it with a bong-then locked it. She knew well enough who was inside, but pretended to think it was two burgl:rs, and screamed lou ily. The servants came running. The gardener took the key from Mrs. Tur. fit, and opened the door. " Burglars, indeed I" he exclaime t angrily. "Why, its i?rs Prince and Miss Garr."' The two ladies came out into the halt Sybil was pale-bat haughtily imperious. She looked at Mrs Turfit, and the house keeper looked back at her as impertinently as she dared. "I guess there ain't any harm done," she said. "W\e all know what the orders are about Mrs Prince." Then she turned to one of the servants " Run quick to Mr Prince's room, and ask him if he tnows his crazy wife is loose.' Sibyl's white lips curved scornfully. '\What makN you call me crazy, Mlrs Turfit IHave you ever-has any one here seen or heard me do anything that looked like it?" The housekeeper tossed her head. " I don't know anything about it. That is what my betters call you I don't pretend to know better than they do." Then shue poke to James, the gardener. "Come over here by me," she said, with a most insolent glance at Sioyl. "One never knows what a crazy person may do next, I've heard." James ieese frowned at the woman and stoxi still. le was an old man, and alios Sibyl, as he called her, had always been a prime favorite with him. lie had grieved and puzzled a good deal over what they had told him about her. "James ieese," said Sibyl, " Do yon be. lher. I am insane 1" The poor old man looked troubled. " You see, Mliss ibyl," he said, selowly," it is so queer you don't kno' your own hue. band." Sibyl started, and shuddered violently. It was so horrible to be always met by that. And if she told them that the man they called Kenrick irince was in reality his murderer, they would only stare at her and shnank from her, and all the more call her insane. "James." she said, "I want you to answer me some questions. How many years is it since you hest knew ir Kenrick Prince i" "Nigh ten, miss." "And you were always very fond of him I You have told me so many times. And he liked you and liked to talk with you. Now, now is it with this man I Does he ever come near youl" "\Well," hesitatingly, "since the smash.up l'm bound to say he's not quite as he used to be; but-" " Does he ever speak to you nnless hc is oblig d l" . Well, I don't know as he does, but-" " Wait! t Is he tio anything but looks the least like the Kenrick I'rince you knew before the railway accident 1" "IWell, no, not much-not much," shaking his old head vigorously. " Isn't he more changed than I am 1" "Yes. but-" " Wait, wait I Did the Kenrick Prince you used to know lofore the accident, in all the years you ever knew him, ever take spirite or wine P" "No, no, miss s that's true," said the old man, sorrowfully, "he is very different at the present time; but trouble, Miss Sybil, has driven many a man to--" Bybil made a movement of supreme dis gust and disdain. 'Trouble never turned a good man into a beast," she said. At this moment the girl who hbad been sent to find Mr Prince returned, saying he was not to be found. As if moved by a sudden impulse, Sibyl turned upon the gaping and startled com pany. "Follow me." And there was something so commanding in her tones that the whole company moved after her. Miss Oare unlocked the doors, SBbil went first, the others troopjed after. Jasper Prince lay just as they hadl left him-sprawled upon the Bfloor like a hug 'o' I ut he was not asleep. Tho laudaanm which P'rudene had poured lato the Bask of brandy, intead of stupefying him, hliad counteracted the efect of the spirits. Still he was tolerablydrunk. Sybil went and stood near him, looking down with an expression of loathing and disgust. Stooping suddenly, she hissed, " Murderer-where is thy brother P" The words had an ominous sound, and they pierced even his drink-clouded brain. lie sat up, groaned, and glared at them with savage eyes. Ilis brain was smitten with sharp remorse and fear. "Murderer!" she hissed again, "The hangman awaits thee!" CHAPTER XXVIII. TIIHE (HOST. With a scream so piercing and horrible it scarcely seemed human, the wretchstaggered apon his feet, ant darting maniac glances 'rom side to side for a moment, planged sea+long through the midst of the hrJf. jaralysed group between him and the door sad dlappeared. Sibyl turned upon IMrs Turfit, a dan grous light in her beautiful, lashing eyes. the woman was staring with wildly hlating eyes after Jasper. hcey were all staring with looks of won der, horror and bewilderment. 'ibyl's beautiful white face turned upon them. ahe extended to them her little, staking hands. i' Do you call that thing in the shape of a man Kenrick Prince 1" she asked, in low, intense tones. [here was dead silence. Even Mrs Turlit looted stunned. " He be mightily changed, Miss Sibyl --he be fir sure," James lieese said at last, ,hating his gray head gloomily. "And we be all mignty sorry for you and hism. But then you know, mistress, tlrht don't make him someboly else. He be Mister Keniick for all." Sibyl's hands fell; her head drooped despairingly. Mlts Garr went to her. " Lacy Venner has gone away." she whis pered. "I assed one of the girls, and she sailt she had gone for good. But I don't be. ierve that. Di you suppose any one else would lare to interfere if we trial to leave he house now i' "31rs furfit would. She hates me so; and I don't believe James leese would let ne go. The poor old man really believes I have lost my mind." "We might try." " Yes." But at the first movement, Mrs Turfit faced them with belligerent looks. "Excuse me, ladies, but I can't let you ,ut of this room without Mir Prince's ordeis. lIrs Prince, any way. Ask J.,ms ictese." "I wouldn't go if I was you, lNoss Sibyl," the old gardener said, persuasively. Sibyl laid her little, white hand upon his arm. "Yeaou wouldn't try to hinder me, James " ,he said, gently. " Even if I am insane, as you think. You know it is only on one point." " couldn't dare to risk it," he sail, ,orrowfully. "It might be twenty points refore morning. Yeou might be a raving maniac. It a.n't fitting for a lady to go out oy herself at this time of the night, any w'ay " Miss Garr would be with me. You don't call her insame 1 " "t don't knowanything about her. Our orders are about you! Don't tease the old man now." Mrs Turfit thought it was about time to put in her oar again. "I'll trouble you for the keys to these rooms, Miss Garr," she said, with extraor dinary insolence of look and tone. " \Will you take them now, or wait till you can get them ?" retorted Prudence, coolly. 'You had better give them up. You have no business with them, anyhow. I suppose you stole them from Mr Prince," the housekeeper mid, glaring at her. Sibyl drew her back a little and spike low. " You see how it is," she said. " There is only one thing can be done. I think they would neither of them try to prevent your gcing. No ore would interfere with you to- night, but that wretch whom we believed to be Halsey won't let you go by to- morrow." "I won't leave you and that is flat!" declared Prudence, unphatically. " Yes, you will. I will tell you why, and it is the only aope. You can find Captain Dunning and tell him about Rick IHalsey." " Do you think he would believe me ?" Prudence exclaimed, vith a startled air. "ltis such a queer stor and we can't prove anything. The very servants here would contradict us. I'm afrail, my dear, I should only get called ,"racy, too." "No: that tman Dunning was too anxious to get hold of Halsey. I could see that. I believe you could get him to come here and see this man." "I can try, anyhow, and I'm willing," Prudence said, with some excitement. " But I don't like leaving you alone here at the mercy of that drinking vilrain." "I'm not afraid of him-at least not much. I believe he is mere afraid of me than I am of him. At any rate, it is tie only chance, Prudence. Everythin, cs against us here. I believe they mean to put me in an insane asylum if I don't give up and own that wretch for my husband, tint they will put you there with mo if you d ,'t look out. Wait a minute naw and let me speak to Mrs 'urfit." She turned to the housekeeper. "Mies Gart wishes to go away. If shbe gires you the keys, and I agree to remain as I am for the present, wsii you see that a ear rlage takes her at on:e to Hamptoa Stairon to meet the midnight express train '1" Mrs Turfit promised eagerly. She knew Jasper hated Miss Garr, and she had heard him say many times that he wished he could get rid of her-not very lately, however - tot since he hsl discoveredl the: Prudence suspected he was lick lllsey. James was despatched to see that the pro. mised carriage was made ready. Miss Garr, with a solemn and important air, drew Sybil into the adjoining room. "IHere is something I am going to give you, the old lady said, with tears in her eyes, and a quiver in her voice. "I hope you won't need it, but you may. "' The something" was a small pistol, queer tooking, which Prudence took out from some place of concealment. ' "It don't look much," she said, as Sybil smiled, "but It will shoot-and it is loaded Sibyl kissed it, and kised Miss ;art as she took it, and thanked her with emotion. " Now you use it if yon need, and don't be afraid. It will shoot enough fo r h rick lalsey, I guess. He's a coward, anyhbow,said Miss Barr. James came presently to say the carriage was ready. Bibyl turned white as death and clung to Miss Garr passionately. "Remember," she said, "that you lavee me alone among bitter enemies; that you are the only friend I have in the world to help me. Yua won't forsake me under any circumstances, will you P udlenn 1" " I will nver forsake you I I will stand by you and work for your help as lone as I can draw breath " Prudence declarel, be. tween sobs. "And if you come back and I am not here -it no one can or will tell you where I am -you will still keep searching till you find me, won't you 1" I will-I will l" Mim Oarr gave the much.contsted keys to Sibtl "Keeap them yourself till James comes and tells von I have started," she said. " MIr ick HIalsey may try to stop me at the last moment." MIs Turfit tossed her head and looked volome of Insolence, but she made no oub jection in words, only bade her assistants come and stand with her against the door I for fear the crazy woman should try to break out. Sibyl gave no heed to her imp~rtience, ay watched anslossly and wilth bheating i ha•t lor James' return. (T, ? ,aaiaa?d). 