MISCELLANY At a French Baby Farm. AYk dol not keep it. I mention this detail as a slight voucher of respec tability, But we were deeply interested in its management after the first shock of d boo very. I ray shock advisedly, reputed quarter unawares, and it re quired somoncrvetostick to oar colours and view ealraly th8 field of investiga tion so unexpectedly afforded us, Charuies-le-Boi, at au easy distance froral'aris, had a reputation for pottery nud romance. The pottery wo of tho present dav. tnueh prized br eonnm's- seurs for its rnnjoliea tints. The romance was of the post, Imt its evi dences remained ia the form ot a ruined castle, associated with the names of a di -si pa tod Bourbon royalty and a lady of more beauty than coyness. Here was pabulaia for tbo mind artistic ; wo hod sundry visions of dreamy wanderings amid grass-grown gardens and mossy rains, and tbe amours of tho past were to inspire my artist brother for tbo next Salon. We had also reckoned on irregular far m bnild- ings, and saw instead a whitewashed, essentially modern house, standing in a painfully straight vegetable garden. But our rooms were clean, our hostess .was cheery, and theooly suggestion of discomfort lay in a group of babies sprawliug over tho kitchen table as we passed through. Three babies, ap parently nil of one age. I looked at the landlady in consternation : "You havo an unusually large family?" Not at all ; only one of xny own ; but I lovo children, and often take charge of my neighbours!.'' Next morningtlmnoighboiirs' babies had multiplied. Lookingoutof thowin- dow I spied four squatting on the gravel ; on opening my door I found another trying hard to break its nock on tho stairs ; the landlady came up to see about our colfee with one on each arm ; my brother, prowling down stairs for shaving-water, nearly scalded on eighth ; turn where you would you were always stumbling over some poor little morsel just beginning to crawl, and extremely nervous when trodden on. AYns there a baby epidemic in the place, or was our landlady afflicted with babyolatry '! Only on the second day, at sight of a row of cradles behind an open uo or, uiu rou iruui uuwn uwu us. By that time, however, tbe infant St. John had been discovered. More over, our curiosity was excited So wo stayed and made the best of it. It was hy no means a bad best. The children, on the whole, made for leve noise than a fourth of their number in an average, well-regulated household This one was hy no means well regu lated ; mrals seemed to go on at inter- vala in /flullffflTl tniltl-ntttfl WOTA a recognised f"nn of dissipation, and the pie-makers were not particular as towlicrotheyexerttsedtheirart; " Mo- man Martin's" voice Tras to belxeanl in peipetaal high«pitched remonstrance, and tho idiot msid-of-all-work tittered frequent howl of defiance. But there were cunpimsation. The little gar ment", often patched and shabby, were as clean as is cvnistent with childish happioefs ; tlie babies gravel/ sucked nji their pftjuttir an u iney eajoveaa placid d'gesiioxt i the dirt oa the floors was but "top-dirt" scrubbed awar every morning ; and when Maman a voice was not high-pitched in wrath it broke out in soag, aweet, pure, and and rich — a voice which had secured foi iU owner offers of aa artistic career in her girlish days. " M<ti qwn,'' elie remarked shyly, " I might have gone wrong and been of ill repute ; the .stage has its dangers ; so I thought it better to marry my mft" and bear him chil dren." "Bat these happen to be other peoples children," I objected. 11 Eh, yes; mine died, all but one, as good a way of making money as another, and the inarinote might be worse off. Ah, you screamer, there, will you eat yoursoup in peace?" As I watched tbe screamer attentively it struck me that the children might easily have been worse off. This one in particular bore signs of inherited disease, which in a vitiated city atmos phere would have taken malignant form. The Maman's prices were low and the little ones presumably c&me; from ihepoorer quarters of Paris, from homes — by tbe way, had they homes? I looked at Maman. "Are any of them illegitimate " About half," sho answered cooly, blowing on tho hot soup. "£errant mr1« ftiAsllv T nrcfpf IllfWft lllAV flrfl tho most regular payments. Some times the mother is a wmrrUt, then monqyis plentiful with hor ; some times she is out of place, picking up od/l jobs and liard-pinched, but In either cose I am pretty sure -of my money. Seems as if they wanted to mako up to tho child for having brought it into tho world. The mar ried parents are not so particular. Oh, I daresay you'll see most of them at my little Sunday dinners ; there are fine goings on then, dancing and sing- ing.'7 "The unmarried ones don't surelr come V9 "Why not? who's to know? They're all Madame here, and their children are sometimes tho pick of the lot; look at that little fellow therein monsieur's ana ; ho mightbe modelled in wax 1" And he pointed proudly to the infant Bacchus whom xoj brother was wreathing with vine leaves pre- is a fresh young peasant girl who got into had company six months after arriving in Pari, et rotl/i . Any wo man might be proud of that child. Xow look at this sickly little thing. His parents are married right enough ; but tho father works in a stuffy tailor's shop; the mother, with no stamina, is all d ay in a stifling atelier How can you expect the poor baby to have a constitution ? Ah, people don't realise all the difference the country air makes in life. " And how long do you keep them? They seem to be of all ages." She laughed. "Until they are talcon frrna mo. Sometimes they are never taken — or paid for — and then it's a nara ur, nut x ireep mem. Look at Gabriclio there ; 1 have had her 12 years, and she has grown very useful to me now. Her father comes ' to too her about once a year, and compliments me on the training I have given her, and that is all. Home day ho will marry again, and bring me Gabriell t/f little brothers and sisters on the same terms. Oh, he's sot the only one, hut somehow I pull along. Hi, Gabrielle! see why number nine is yelling." If Mamnn Martin on week days, singing and scolding, was is her element, on Sundays, cooking and smiling, she wa in herglojy. In the early hours the feast-day announced fricandeaux, with a suggestion of pot-a u-feu and trijtes a la m/nle tie Cant. The children were left until 12 o'clock in a beautific state of unwath; then a generally sloppy atmosphere, a per vading air of bustle, and dirers in furiated squeals proclaim the fact that ablutions were going on on an extra ordinary scale, and presently the entire colony emerged in clean prints, tidy caps, and, when old enough, well- brushed black trousers-— worn indis criminately by boys and girls. At this juncture the company arrived — a motley company, some evidently pros perous, others as evidently hard up, nut all neat, well brushed, with smiling faces bent' on pleasure. "Take your seats in the toa/noire" quoth Maman, with her vein of humour, on the first occasion, "it will fto a trootl as a comedy to toil'' So wo installed ourselves at an upper window and watched the players, who were no whit disturbed by our obser vant eyes. A merry meal it was, laid out on narrow tables in the roomy if unromantic garden. Civilities were exchanged before the soup, jokes pre ceded the ragout, and before the advent of the fricandeau hurdy-gurdy man had put in his appearance, and the entire table wa facilitating diges tion by mean of an impromptu polka. ' Ah ytejennejue,19 murmnredMam&m;, who had run up to see how we were enjoying ourselves; a'te jruiut.se, doe it amuse itself? There's Gabrielle' father come to-day. a fine loan, quu'T' He wa evidently the grand seigneur of tho party, with the air of a shabby cornmercioi traveller, andhe addressed Gabrielle with that condescending patronage noticeable in parents who never bestow anything else onthexr children. "There's Meluuiu'e father, too," proceeded Mamau. "J sup pose I must keep her nytnif nowhe'x: giving it up." Betwixt wolf and -dog. -as fheXremih term the twilight, we had a couwct' whereat the jder -children oangdw ditties and their parents dumed hi. The babies had xneonwlule been put to bed, and slept through the din with suspicious pertinacity. Tbeiw esougs over, the marutaiUc was hurried at& with the parting noisy rooomtoenda- tiou, " Be sure to say your prayers properly or the deril wdll catcu yoiu" Then came .a jingle of tulver. The company was paving fur jU> diuuur, and Hunday festi viti»js were wwu My brother's baby pictures were n feature -of the nest year's Hulou. Ouv in particular, -"Eu Jfoiuxio»v" -vdth crowds. " "Where .-ou earth does d'Auveugne get ius xuodels?" nrmd asked ine, X never see such holdefii" I laughed. We did not etibghieu everyone about the xouiuuce a>i pax baby farm. Butofteahavel thought -ofthufWly farm lately, when a public scuudulhas ; forced the -question upon -our notice. It is impostuuie any longer toblihkf he fact that baby farms .are a neearv erih The point is, can we, frouifuit; evil, generate au -outcome -of good? Oan wesorerolutionise the sociul -nepect of baby-fanning .as toiiuukejta'oo sible profestuon for x'eapyeUiUle, :uiu- ternal-heartod women, who shtdl tiiiiu not at destroying, but at suring xuf unt life, women whose anond .nnd physical care shall pwtiully counteruetlheul iniluences under wluuh xuuoy n Tittle . helpless babe is born xutotheworitt. Xiusis a xnarver xor ho mv>w paternal governments no daws, uu- npections. or penalties, will hiilp the. babies so long ns society decrees thut they shall i>e bom nuder n -curse, .nnd that the best thing that can happen to them is to be npeedily blotted <out- At . present the wretched infant who eumes lo enter upon Iffewifhout 'k-%zd penult 28 u valueless piece <of cwutrn- )&ud; goods for which norec &xex;<wx&. . The luckless mother, brought toboy En- anxiety, remorse, the stigma ax her sex, is only too thankful to turn bur little scapegoat under theiirstroiikfhut will shelter St. Hhe dure not be -over- fastidious a to Sis fate, knoiring' Wi.1l 41 1 »> fr 1in Ylflft ! woman xn .a thouuaod vlU take lit in; lucky indeed If, In her amsery, Hbe does not connive at thelowjprolilsnnd quick returns of average bal'y farm ing. Yet there .are buadr-jds-uf Jone, kindly women, with uu«utwUed motherly iuslincte, Aiho would glatv care for tho no welcome little -onesdf such caring -did not Invite «o«rud ostnitusm. The homeless babies xxe there. It Is innelobs to discuss ttlie morality -of their -existence. "We have to accept the fact — fuel which in the present state -of soricty eeeuis likely to be indisputable fox some time to come. Belngt here, they hu.ve an undoubted right to go ou bring. ,u right to be decently housed nnd fed, and If possible loved. VJir should w© set our faces nnd steul ourbeurls against the wholesome, reiqutable country home where the pow wastrel, brought -up in pure nir .nmid -cleav, surroundings may get ai chance ad reinedying the iuj uiy indicted --on lute! atbirih. Kot only the wiuf would be. the gainer; many a married mother, f orced by stress -of poverty to meglect her home duties, would thank fully lodge her puny cblld jo quarters whero it would xiiuuoge the narrow street -and the gutter fur: bush gullies nnd wild ifiowem. 2Cor need the " bub)' fttnu'.iilwnysbe in the countiy, .nway froiufUemwiberis eye. In Tv'ew Tork, where tfluyhuxe' learned to fuce soeitil jcobieine,th(we: is a foundling hospital -with distinctive features. There, the another jo whose heart niToction is not dead mayefUl. keep up the bond bcl ween hersalf tod her child. There, she muy .ewrUwue to cherish her own nurring <on eule condition -of helping on the general labour cf lore, nod .noting ns mother to some other .ubandoued jufonb "With the secrecy of h'/rmothediood no longer preying -upon hfhedrtifc between herseliaudber-cluld'Oemeuted ly & natwd tie, nomothing to -href or, work for, and cherish 'openly, the woman's nelf-respect is restored, nod the probabilities are nil jo favour of her being protected from further tihutoe by the strong shield .of hermuteswil love. "VVe manage things differently:: we hound the mother down to jufntny and the infant to the shumblcs- The murderess in nuise's garb Is n thing ad our own creation. & depends aw m for the race to become -erionct Vjff ( no fathers and mothers arise to cave the httle homeless nalues aroui the sorrow and .suffering for which the?' are in no wise retpoutuhle? In these days of oigaui«ariou will no -one rbe found to Oiguiuse model baby furms?. One institution of the fund, indeed, exists, but it Is a luxurious -churiii'. whereas the true buby fur iu ought to be unpretentious antTself-supporihig. ; Bay by -day the Fjess reveals some ! nevr infautiride honor, ilhe ghoste of the murdered babies vry to tusjo thi6 land where, every Huuduy, thou sands pray aloud to tine who wo the friend of publicans and riunerc. oufl who classed tbe little cluliheu as <vd tlie kingdom of heuveu. >Qn w wfc duys we join hands with the Thuraobs [?] as of thekingdomvXhelL— iu the Stithv-y Jdorjuujj Jiw iiUL 