DANGKIIOUS JOKING. /IBS ARTIN wns tho eldest son and hopo ol *8I«J Mr. Lord, tho Squire of Morton. His amiable disposition and superior intel lect procured for him nnivoranl love and esteem. Martin was a groat favourito with tho girls, old and young ; but ho novor showed any murked partiality to anyone until ho became intimate with Isabolla Ashton, the daughter of the clergyman. Isabella was young and tl»e most thought less girl in 6he village. She could have little sympathy with a person of auoh deep foolinjja and elevated intellcot as Martin ; and, beautiful as sho was, it seemed strang* that he ahould have given his love to hor. Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; he was now nineteon, and she was of the surne age, when the incident about to bo rotated occurrsd. Oqo evening Isabolla hnd a aooial gather inn of young people at the house. _ Martin, of course, was present, with the fairost youths nnd maidens ; and tho company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, Mul social games. The hour at which such parties usually iroke np hnd already passed, when somo one foolishly montioncd the Hubjoct of ghosts, something of that description having beoti reported as having beon soen in the vicinity of tho churchyard. 'It is a silly roport,' said Martin. Nobody can boliove that a ghost has really been seen there ; aud I doubt if any person hero believes in tho existence of ghosts.' ' You do yoursolf, you know you do, Martin, although you aro ashamed to own it,' cried Isabella; but Martin only laughod. 'Come,now,' continued tho thoughtloas girl, ' I. can provo that you have somo idea that such things may oxist. Go to the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear.' ' And what would that prove?' ' Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears would put your bolief to the teat. How could you be afraid if you did not feol that there whs something to be nfraid of?' 'I do not think your logic ia the boat in ;ho world,' replied Martin, laughing. ' But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to tho churchyard, oven at midnight, would frighten me in the least.' 'Ha, ha! but you shall not eacapeao,' laughod Isabolla. ' Here, before theso, eur friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours,' sho continued, displaying ono given hor by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to part with, 'provided you go to tho churchyard alone, in tho dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you were not afraid.' 'Agreed,' aaid Marbin, buttoning bis coat. ' And as an evidence that you go the ontiro distance, y.ou can bring back with you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate,' said' Isabella. Thu.s driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of tho company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on hia errand. He marched steadily to the ohurch ynrd, stopped a moment to gaza at the whits tombstones gloaming faintly in tho dark and desolate ground, for tho stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky — then taking lip the bar of iron of which Isabella hnd gpoKen, set out to return. He hod proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw n white figure emerge from a. clump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in 'Sn instant. Courage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and bis blood running chill with horror, still he stood his ground. The spoctredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. Wo oannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bur, nnd rushed upon the spectre. The guests at tho clergyman's house heiml terrible screami. Dreading some tragic termination to the farco they rushed to tho spot. They found Martin kneeling nn a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, while he still uttorcd frantic shrieks for holp. One of the young mon forced Martin to relax hin hold on tho throat of tho figure, whilst another tore away tho folds of the sheet and disclosed the blond-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and foil lifeless upon the corpne. Ho never apoko again, and lived but a few months, to die nn idiot. 