; Novelist. » MYSTERY SOLVED. . — DETECTIVE STORY. \- By gPECTStTK. ' CHAPTER V. A few moments' thought convinced Dash of one fact. The girl whose dead body he had found on the beach was really a corpse ; and again, re- markable as the fact was, ho was convinced tliat. the eirl before him was no ghost, but a real flesh-and-blood counterpart of the lovely creature whoso pallid features he had gazed upon under the moonbght upon the lonely beach. He was astounded at the remarkable resem blance, and satisfied that there was some mys- sterious connection between tho ghastly dead and tho marvellously lovely living, he deter mined to solvo tho mystery. While coming to this resolution, he had been .standing just within tho door-way, gazing at the girl. The latter appeared fo bo in tho company of jtwo gentlemen. , Her companions were remarkable-looking jnen, evidently foreigners. One was tall and slender, while the other was short and thick-set. Roth possessed . swarthy complexions, dark, piercing eyos, and raven-black hair. Kingston still stood gazing at the fair girl, when tho attention of one of tho men was di rected toward him, Seeing that he had attracted attention, Dash turned upon his heel and walked slowly down the long hall toward the stairway. At the head of tho stairs he halted. He had observed that the girl was robed in n travelling dress, and it struck him that possibly the party might be just upon the eve of depar- ture, and ho felt that it would not do to let them go without ascertaining something about them. While ho was still standing there, and con sidering what courso ho should take to accom plish his pupose, he heard a step approaching fllonfr tlifl hn.1L find. nnnn fnrmnf. discovered that the newcomer was the taller of the two men whom ho had seen in company with tho girl. As the man passed Dash to ascend the stairs, ho fastened on tho latter a steady, enquiring glance. " I reckon that fellow will know me again when he sees me," was the muttered comment of the young man, as he started to descend tho stairs. From the fact that the man had passed liim, Dash considered that the party had but just arrived, instead of being on the point- of depar ture, and he determined to postpone his enqui ries until a more opportune occasion. Our hero was an expert billiard player, and, having nothing particular _to_ do..strolled into the billiardroom. He had been seated there but a short time, when the stranger who had stared at him so impudently came into the room also. ! The latter took a seat directly opposite Dash, and again fastened his gaze upon the young fellow in _a_fixed_aud impudent man- Jiier. . Our readers are all well aware that it is not a very nice thing to bo impudently stared at by a total stranger, and Dash began to feel rather uncomfortable. Dor some time ho paid no atteniion to the man, but directed his gaze carelessly about the reom ; but every time he glanced toward the man sitting opposite, lie found the latter's gaze fastened upon-him. Dash began to grow somewhat seriously an- noyed by this offensive surveillance, and in re taliation he faced tho man with a look as steady and impudent as his own. anus 1U1 .. lew acLUHua ill - 1 " " mw« ...v. each other, until it became necessary for ono or the other to speak. Dash was the ono who decided to venture 3pon this experiment, and ho said : " Aro we acquainted, sir';" "No," was the laconic repl\ " Then why do you gaze at mo in such a manner?" ' " Because I choose to was the impertinent reply. _ . . " Well, I choose that you should desist from looking at me in such a fixed manner ; it i3 :offenssive," said Dash. ! "I thought a few moments ago, when I saw you trying to stare a lady out of countenance, '.that you approved of such little pleasantries," .said the man. Dash instantly recollected that lie had stared at the man's companion, and being a frank, generous tellow, not at all quarrelsome, natu rally lie thought that an explanation was due, and lie said : "5 -can give a good reason for my seemingly impertinent oonduct, sir." ; "I should like to hear it," answered the man. , " The young lady whom I saw m your com pany bears a remarkable resemblance to an other person whom I met under peculiar cir cumstances." IJpon hearing this reply tho dark face of the arranger became livid. His lips were bloodless, and a fierce, threat ening light gleamed in his eyes as he said, in a low, liusky voice : _ _ "As you have offered this explantion, will you please go still further, and explain under what circumstances you met th& lady who you :say resembles my niece?" "I did not say that it was a lady, replied iDash, with provoking coolness. _ " Well, will you state who it was ? " I do not think that I willunder present circumstances." I " I may compel you to," wasjthe fierce re- llsiai'V ; - . When you do 1 may tell," replied Dash. " Do not provoke me too far, young man ; it may provo dangerous." _ __ "It is youiMOir who had blotter be caroful. You are a stranger to me, and you have thrust this conversation upon me, "replied Dash King ston. "No, sir; you were tho aggressor; you in sulted a lady under my charge." "That is false !" "Do you give me the lie ?" "I would servo you right if I were to give you tho palm of my glove on your cheek," said Dash, angrily. " > you are a loafer ; you dare not strike a gentleman." This was the first time that such an epithet had ever been applied to tho young man, and his blood boiled. Urged by a sudden passion, ho advanced and raised his hand, intending to at least crush the stranger's hat over his eyes, when the latter suddenly sprung from his scat, and rushing at the younger man, struck a powerful blow at him. Dash was quick-eyed and an export boxer, and throwing out his left arm he warded off tho blow, and with the right hand knocked the otlicr s n at otr. His antagonist did not stop to pick up his hat, but whipping out a pistol hastily cocked it, and a tragic result must have followed had not a gentleman rushed in just at that moment who seized hold of the would-be assassin, say ing, m a firm voice : "Stop! you must not shoot." The man who had thus opportunely inter fered in on behalf of our hero, proved to be the short, thick-set man, who had also been a com panion of the young lady who had made such a remarkable impression upon Dash. The last comer spolco in broken English, and in a very rapid manner. ._ ; As lie turned tho weapon aside, and while still holding tho arm of his friend, lie turned toward Kingston, and asked : " What is the trouble ?" "You must ask your friend," returned our hero." You must be careful, my friend will kill you U " I think not," was the quiet reply " But he would have killed you had I not come." "Yon did not save my life but your friend's," replied Dash, and as he spoke he showed a pis tol in his hand, adding : " Before your friend could have raised his arm, sir, lio woultl have been the victim of this. I have dealt with assassins before, and I am always prepared for them." " My friend is not an assassin. Yon must have insulted him grossly, or he would not have attempted to kill you." This scene occurred in the middle of the day ; there was no one in the room at the moment the actual outbreak occurred, and con sequently tho above conversation passed with out hcing heard, except by those taking part in it. In answer to the assertion of the stout man, Dash said : " It was your friend that insulted mo: and the best thing you can do is to take him away with you." \v nuu inu nwve contcrauiuii was ing the tall man had restored his pistol to his pocket, and stood with folded arms gazing at Dash with a glanco that was menacing, and meant danger at fomc future time. Tho stout man seemed to possess a wonder ful influence over him, and it was only at his friend s request that ho was induced to put up his weapon. A short conversation now took place between the two men, in the Spanish tongue. Our hero was a fine Spanish scholar, and, un known to lliem, heard and understood overy word that passed between them. ' What led to the trouble V asked tho thick set man of the tall one. " That niau recognised Gertine !" was the reply. " Recognised Gertine ? Impossible !" " yes ; but lie admitted that ho did." "You have been fooled, Alonzo." "No ; I toll you ho said that he had seen her before." "Thcnlio was making sport of you. It is impossible that ho could have scon her before, and no one should kuow that fact better than you." " Ah, but you do not understand ; he said 'that lie had seen some one who looked so much like lier that he could almost swear that it was the same person. And to thee again, Del Fner, none should know better than thou that there was but one person wiio looked so much like our Gertine." After a short silence, the stout man said : " Are you sure that you did nut misunder stand the young man ?" J ttill aiUv< " Well, Alonzo, remember that wc have a quieter way of getting rid of a foe than shoot ing him down in the street." " I cannot be goaded." "But you must not be rash ; yon must apolo gise. We must make a friend of him ; then, if we cannot use liim, we can remove him without any noise." Dash congratulated himself on having been taught the Spanish language, and at tho same time came the thought that to be forewarned is to be forearmed. " I will go — you aro are cooler than I ; you make him you friend," said the tall man. The tall man moved away as though urged to do so by his frinn-l. — ' — " ; -latter turned U, Dash and said : "You must forgive my friend ; come, let you and I be on good terms." Dash thought that, under the circumstance-, he was quite justified in dissembling, and took the Spaniard's hand. He also had a game to play, and being on nis guard, he was willing to take long chances to win. CHAPTER Vr. "You will forgive my friend?" said tho Spaniaed. " I will forgive him on condition that lie npologises. . " lie shall do so; but not to- day,''-' He is too much excited. But come, you and I must bo friends. I like your looks, and I feel that I can like you too." " I am willing to bo friendly with anyone wiltA w frlnnillw tnwnrC 111ft Sfflfl Dfisll. Ill &Q; easy, off-hand manner. " I wish to bo friendly .toward you, and I am sorry that my friend had this trouble with you ; I beg that you will tell mo how it came . about." "Well. I saw a remarkably beautiful girl, and I merely indulged a gentleman's privilege in admiring her for a moment from a dis tance." " Yes, Gertine is beautiful— very beautiful ; but my friend says that you stared at lior." " It is possible that I did gaze at her very intently for a moment, but I meant no offence and I had an excuse for so doing." " Yes, yes, I know that you did ; but I pray you tell me what it was that attracted you so ?" " Her resemblance to another person." " All, yes ; that is a common mistake. But tell me, docs she resemble a lady friend ?" " Since thinking the matter over, sir, I have come to tho conclusion that this young lady does not resemble any one whom I ever knew, said Dash, evasively. " Then you made a mistake ?" The man Del Euer fixed a penetrating glanco upon Dash whun he asked this last question, and Dash looked exceedingly innocent and in- differcnt as he replied : " Yes ; wo will say that I made a mistako." " I think that such is the case, for my child has been in Australia but a few days.' Some further conversation of a similar char acter to that above described followed between Dash and the man Del Euer. After an interval Dash found an opportunity to make the acquaintance of tho clerk of tho hotel, when he sought to find out something concerning the mysterious strangers. The clerk could furnish him but little satis faction. . He said that the guests had amved only that morning, and that ho had seen but little of them. . , "Prom wKehice did they como?" he asked. " How did they register ?" "A a Pedro Del Euer, and A. Gomez and niece." " That is strange," said Dash. "What is strange ?" enquired the clerk. " Why, that the stout man, wli030 name ii Del Euer, should say that the girl is his daugh ter." "She may be, for all I know ; but she was not registered as his daughter." Dash, after a little adroit dodging to avoid suspicion, managed to discover the number of tho apartment occupied by the strangers, and obtained a room adjoining theirs. Ho resolved to fathom the niystrry to the bottom. Of ono thing ho was certain. The two Spaniards were villains and assas sins, and certain. indications led him to believe that the death of the murdered girl coatd ho traced directly to them. This fact was plain to him, but tho mysteri ous secret was, what connection had that lovely counterpart of the dead with the crimes of tho two men. . Was she linked with them, or was she also a victim whom they were waiting ap opportunity to ns5.on.5smn.te. And again, from whence came this marvellous resemblance. Theso were tho thoughts that agitated Dash Kingston s mind upon the night following tho fracas in the billiard saloon, as he retired for the night to his room, adjoining tho one occu pied by tho two men whom ho had already mentally pronounced murderers. In his mind Dash thought the girl was only a victim, and hot a confederate ; and he re solved to keep upon the track of the parties, learn the truth, and rescue the girl at all haz ards, if liis conclusions should in tho end prove correct. , Dash had been some time in his room, and was sitting upon tho side of his bed musing upon tho facts above stated, when he was startled by hearing voices in tho adjoining room. He was on the point of making a noise, so as to notify tho. parties in the next room that they might be overheard, when lie was startled by hearing a smothered scream or cry for help. All scruples at once vanised. Ho had previously observed a hole in the partition where a stove-pipe had once passed through, and leaping upon a chair, he.pnt his face to the aperture and glanced into tho room from whence tho smothered cry for help had conic. The gas was turned on at full blaze, and our hero was onco more surprised and as tounded by a startling discovery. Upon Ucr knees upon tho floor, with her hands clasped and raised in a beseeching man ner, was the girl Gertine ; while over her, witii gleaming eyes, and a faeo convulsed with an ger, stood a woman evidently past thirty years of age, but one of tho most glorious beauties that tho dazzled eyes of Dash had ever gazed npon. , , , At length the latter spoke, and her words were in the Spanish tongue : but, fortunately, as our readers will remember, our hero was an excellent Spanish scholar, and had no difficulty in understanding every word that was spoken. ' So you will still dare to rebel against my authority ! said the elder woman from be tween her clenched teeth. " No, no ! I will not rebel against you, Isa bel. lint why make me bo obedient to those dreadful men ?" was the trembling response. "You forget that Dou Alonzo is my rela tion." " But lie is a stranger to me. " No, he is not ; lie often fondled you when you were a child, but you have forgotten him. You used to be fond of him once." ' I hate him now !" was the abrupt exclam ation. " Hist 1 bo careful ! Do not dare to sny that again, or I will maku you sorry !" "You aro cruel, and you will teach me to hate yon." "Gertine, you will regret every word you are now uttering." "I will regret my last words now if you will only take me to some place where I will never see that man again." "Once again I warn you, Gertine." "If you do not heed my prayer I. will floo away alone." " What is that you say, child ?" "I say, that if you do not tako mo to somo place where I will never sco that man again, I will fly away and find one myself." "All ! Well, I am glad that you told me. And now, listen to me — if you ever attempt to escape from my care and kindness, I will find you." " Oh, Isabel ! you never spoko to mo nor fr/jrtfotl ma ?ti f.liic mini nwnnnr until that, limn crossed our path," murmured Gertine. "I cannot remain to argue longer with you to-night, Gertine, but I shall lock you in this room, and if you utter the least outcry or make tho faintest attempt to escape I will do what I threatened. Now mind !" As the woman uttered tho last words, she gave Gcrtino a push that knocked her over upon the floor, and then the elderly woman left the room. After the door had closed behind Isabel, as the younger girl had called lier, Dash heard the key distinctly turned in the lock, securing the door from the outside. Eull half an hour passed, during which Ger tine remained sobbing npon the floor, while Dash retained his position at the aperture watching her. At length tho girl suddenly started to her feet. Her beautiful eyes were still filled with tears, but a resolute expression rested upon lior features, as she exclaimed in excellent Eng lish: "I will fiy from t.his bondage, even if I have to leap out of the window. She crossed the room and tried the door. It was locked. "I am a prisoner ! Would that I had the strength to wrench that lock off. Once away from these people and I would take such precau tions that they should never find me again," she murmured. An idea struck Dash, Leaping down noiselessly from his perch, ho secured the key from his own door, and re mounted to his position. . zis uc giancea a ultra nine nuo luu iuihii a sight met his gnzo that caused his heart to ceaso pulsating, and the blood to curdle through liis veins' with icy coldness.. lie sought to utter an exclamation of warn ing, but his powers of speech were suddenly stricken dumb. Wild despair surged' in his heart, when once again, though unable to speak, a hap)' idea struck him, and he made one last effort to save a human life. CHAPTER VII. The sight which met the gaze of our herd was ono well-calculated to freeze tlie blood in the veins of one more accustomed to scenes of horror than lie was. Before a mirror in the room, located directly opposite the spot from whence he was gazing, stood tho young girl. Her eyes were dilated with some fearful reso lution, and her features were set and fixed like those of the dead, while an aslien hue added to their death-like appearance. In her hand was grasped a naked stiletto, whose iong, slender blade glittered in the gas light like polished silver. Tho expression of her face aud her left no doubt as to her terrible purpes. Her hand was uplifted, the dagger was truly poised, and its point was aimed directly at her heart. This was the sight that curdled tlie blood around Dash Kingston's heart, and caused his tonguo to cleave helpless to the roof .of his mouth. A few seconds only passed : a few more and it would be too late to utter a warning cry, and he was stricken speechless with horror. It was at this moment that a liicky thought struck him. He could., not use his tongue, but his arm was subject to his will. .- In his hand ho held tho key ofjhis room. . Ij em 9 fortunate far1- ij tunato inspiration that caused him to throw it through tho pipe-hole into tho adjoining room. With a sharp click it struck against a porce lain pitcher, and slid off upon the floor with a second sound. The girl heard tho fall, and with a low, smothered cry she lowered tho murderous blade, and turning about, fixed her gaze upen the littlo tarnished piece of brass. " It is a key ! Heaven must have sent it for my deliverance !" she exclaimed, with gladness. Gertine. proved herself instantly to bo a .young lady of nerve and coolness. It was evident that desperation had led her to seek to tako her own life ; but now that a obauco for escape by other means presented it- self, a new hope appeared to find lodgment in her heart. Stealthily sho crossed the room on tiptoe, and inserted tho key in the lock. It fitted, and tho bolt yielding to the pres sure, a way of escape was open. Satisfied that she. could open the door, the girl returned and commenced deliberately to pack a small valise. While Dash watched the process of packing, he beheld a sight tli.il: once again astonished and surprised liim. Besido3 quantities of rare and valuable jewels, the girl placed a large roll of money in the valise, after having transferred several notes to her portinonnaie, evidently for inunediato necessities. At length her preparations seemed satisfac tory and completo. Then, as a final matter, she dropped upon her knees beside her valise, and appeared to indulgo a few moments in silent supplication. Having concluded lior short devotions, sho rose to her feet, soixcl her valise, -and" mi tip-' too moved to tho door, opened it, and passed Cut. Dash Kingston had left Sydney in a great hurry, and had not burdened himself with any superfluous baggage. He was in marching order, and the moment the girl left her room lie also leaped down from his place of observation, seized liis satchel, and with a noiseless tread started to open his door, when, lo ! tho truth flashed upon his mind that he was locked in. He now remembered that he had locked his room door upon first entering it, and when he had seized his key to assist his beautiful neigh bour he had not stopped to unlock it. Dash was not a swearer habitually, but a naughty word did fall from his lips when tho "conviction settled upon his mind that ho was really a prisoner.- . "Hang my pig-headedness ! this is a pretty state of affairs. Here I have released one per son only to imprison myself," he exclaimed. Dash, however, was not a parson to he easily discouraged. Ho was full of expedients, and hastily open ing his satchel, he drew forth a long- bladed knife, and inserting tho steel in the key-hole quickly, had tho satisfaction of hearing the bolt fiy Ixick. How littlo do wo poor mortals know how often somo trifling annoyance portends somo direful calamity. Dash Kingston was greatly annoyed by tho UltlV tlbvluwllv lildv Il«iU JIlclUU lillll t lllvlllvllb arv prisoner, and yet, had it not so happened he would have been a prisoner in a more serious manner. At tho very moment that he was fumbling to get out, a man passed his door and moved slowly along tho hall to another room, search ing for the very room occuxiicd by Dash at that moment. A misunderstanding of the information given him by the clerk of the hotel had sent him to the wrong room. Had ho met Dash in the hall he would have recognised liim, but at the moment Dash passed out tho man was at tho other end of the liall, aud when lie did return to the single room its occupant was gone. The mysterious man was a Sydney detective, and lie bore with him a warrant for the arrest of a murderer. TO BE COXTl.VCED.j 