The Religious Card Player. A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee was takeu before the magistrate of Glascow for playing cards during divine service. The account of it is thus given iu OU A»ug«iou Jtiuuiai . JX. OClgCdllL COul- manded the soldiers at church, and while at church, aud while there the parson read tbe prayers and took the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor Common Prayer-book, but, pulling out a pack of cards, be spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said : " Richard, put tip the cards, this Is no place for them." " Never mind that," said Richard. When the services were over the constable took Richard a prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. " Weil," said the Mayor, " what have you brought the soldier here for ?" ' For playing cards iu church." " wen, soldier, what have you to say tor yourself ?" " Much, sir, I hope," " Very good ! if not I' will punish you severely." " I have been," said the soldier, " about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer-book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my in- tentious." Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. " When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but one God. When I see the deuce it reminds, me of Father and Son. When I see the trav it reminds me of Father, S->r., and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the four evangelists iliat preached — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. When I see the five it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. When I see the six it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. When 1 see the 6even it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he made, and hallowed it. When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight righteous persons who wene saved when G -d destroyed tbe world — viz., Noah and his wife, bis three 6ons, and their wives. Wbeu I see the nine it remin b- me of the nine lepers that were cleansid by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten vbo never re turned thanks. . When. I see the ton it reminds rue of 1 lie ten command men te which G <1 handed d.,wn to Moses on the tabic of stone. Win,,, 1 see the king it- reminds me of the great King of heaven, which is our God Aliui riny. AVheu I sea the queen it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boy's apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The king sent for water for them to wash. Tbe girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to the wrists ; so King Solomon told by that, r Well," said the Mayor, "you have described every card ia the pack except one." " What is that ?" ' The knave," said the Mayor. " I will give your Honor a description of that too if you will not be angry." " I will not," said the Mayor. " if you do- not term me to ba the knave." " The greatest knave I know is the con stable who brought me here." " I do not know," said the Mayor, " If he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool." " When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hnudred aud sixty-five, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack X find fifty two — the number of weeks m a yew. I find there are twelve picture-cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year, and on counting the tricks I fiQd ttiineen— the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see a p:.ck of cards serve for a Bible, almanac, and Common Praj'er-book." 