THE GOSSIP’S BOWL. “ If pcvelmiiee I shall speak a little jocosely, you will kindly allow me that privilege.” A friend of mine had a peculiar experi ence the other night. lie landed home rather late, explaining this somewhat common occurrouco by stating that he had boon engaged on lodge business, which little deceit, ancient and all as it is, was suflieiont excuse for his trusting wife. Ho had got into bed and extinguished the light and was settling himself down to sloop the sleep of the just, when ho suddenly sprang up and struck a listening attitude. Ho lay down again, but in a minute or so was again in a sitting posture. Once more did he sink to rest on the pillow, but, after lying a socond, suddenly j umped out of bed, and fumbling for tho matches, knocked over the candlo stick, which full in pieces on tho floor. His good wife, though accustomed to occasional extravagances of some kind or other on her lord’s part on these oft recurring “ lodgo nights,” was hardly propared for this unseasonable behaviour. She no doubt mentally wondered where was tho use of men belonging to an order if it did not make them orderly. On seeing her good man striko a match and go down on liis bands and knees to look under tbo bed, sho was tempted to question him upon his erratic conduct. Ilq then swore that ho had heard somebody talking under the bed. Sho ridiculed the idea, telling him that lie must have been getting sotno more bad whisky at the lodge. Such a remark always irritated him ; as, being a good tnomber, it pained him to hear his lodgo or anything pertaining thereto belittled in this way. His search availing naught, ho again retreated to his cosy couch. Just as ho was dozing off his car was again startled by those mysterious sounds. IIo was thoroughly affrighted now, as the trembling hand which applied a match to tho candle visibly showed. Confiding to his wife his belief that tho crimson house was haunted, ho sat on tho edge of tho bed and fearfully tried to solve tho origin of the uncanny sounds. The fact that his now puzzled wife had heard nothing unusual made tho matter still more ominous for our friend. Having hoard somowhoro that a spirit is seen by only ouo person at a timo, ho argued that the samo applied to tho sense of hearing. Ho felt satislied that it must ho a ghostly voice ho had heard, arid that it was for him an ill omen, a solemn warning from the other world. So alaimed was ho that ho meekly submitted to tho objurgation of his wife, who roundly rated him for keeping had hours and coming homo to alarm a peaceful household. The poor wretch, boing all of a shiver,, again got into bed, and, without ex tinguishing the candle—ho now dreaded tho darkness—he onco more dropped his weary head on the pillow;. But that dread sound breaks in once more! The haunted man again sat up and in broken tones asked liis wife to placo her ear to his pillow and “ see if she could hear anything.” Her husband’s haggard face made tho good woman forgot hor temper, and she complied with the request. After an earnest auscultation, the wife smilingly raised tho pillow. and a little search revealed the origin of the supernatural sounds which had, almost prostrated her lord and master .with fear. Tho cause of all the trouble was a poor blue-bottlo fly, whieli had got encased with tho pillow, and which on feeling tho weight of our friend’s heavy whisky-charged head, had omitted a series of buzzing protests against being, so sat upon and smothered. Airs. Blank likes hor little joke, and, after her third or fourth lit of. laughter had sub sided, she told hor now re-assured husband that sho thought ho had a “ beo in liis bonnet.” She admitted, howover, that tho sounds emanating from neatk tho pillow woro strangely like those of a human voice. Huhhv, who a few miuutes before was prayerful, now waxed profane, using languago that must bo unrecordable hero. (Your, contributor might ho had up before tho local bench and fined for using obscouo language that wasn’t obscene, doutcherknow!) How ever, the ghost was laid, and our friend and his wifo were not further disturbed. In order to put as good a face as possible on matters, he deemed it better to admit he was “ slightly fu’ ” than to confess cowardice. Sinco then special lodge nights don’t come round so often, and when they do our friend—who is now a disciple of moderation—restricts himself strictly to half a bottlo of his favorito mountain-dew, which is an act of heroic 6olf-donial on his part! Tallangatta, it appears, is not to bo out of tho fashion in tho matter of dreamland tips of Melbourne Cup winners. The most sensational of the local dreams was that had by tho Shire engineer. This gentleman had been preparing specifica tions for a bridge or culvert, and, bis lucubrations finished, ho turned in to his virtuous couch. Before burying himself in blanket-street tho thought struck him that ho had omitted from his conditions of contract the essential item of tar. With his last wakeful moments occupied in thoughts of his annoying oversight, it is perhaps not strange that his sloop was trouhled, and that liis dreams, taking their coloring from his dozing cogitations, should bo dark-hued. At any rate, he dreamed a dream. And this is what Queen Mab presented to his over-wrought brain: —Scone—Bet-hanga. Dramulis persona: —Boss contractor and staff, the said staff boing a small boy, bearing a tar- brush at rest. Small boy, lojnitor—“ Say, boss, I think this ’ore pitch is too hot. Hadn’t I bettor lot it cool a bit ?” Boss contractor, in earthquako tones—“Dam you, no! By cripps, you mustn’t have that Uir cooler, or there’ll bo tho devil to pay with tho engineer, and no pitch hot. And then I mightn’t bo able to go and bog tho Cup.” As tho thundering exclamation of the angry contractor broko on liis clroaming ear, tho engineer awoko with a start. Though strangely impressed by his dream, ho was weary, and, turning over, onco more subsided peacefully into tbo arms of Morpheus. On awaking next morning ho had no recollection of his dreamland experience. A fow days after, however— Melbourne Cup day, and just about tho starting-time of tho race—tho engineer was conscious of one of tboso strange sudden glances of the mind, which wo are all apt to experience, and his strange dream at onco recurred to him in every detail. Fifteen miuutes later he learned with mortified feelings that Tarcoola had wou tho Cup. The knight ot the tbeoao lite has siuco bitterly cursed his want of “ nous” in connection with the tip supplied him during sleep—a tip so straight and open as to require no Daniel for its interpretation. Ho now enjoys at his leisure the comforting reflection that if he had only done like “ the othor fellow,” near Melbourne, who jumped out of bed and made a written note of his dream for fear of forgetting it, he might to-duy havo been, rich beyond tho dreams of avarice. His friends endeavor to soothe the idle dreamer’s tnolancholy by telling him he may have better luck next time. But he refuses to bo comforted,, and declares with chagrin that two such chances never come in a lifotimo. Ho nfcw. appreciates tho full truth of the Shaksperian quotation — “ There is a tide in the affairs of men which, taken at tho flood, leads on to fortune,” &c.;, &c.; PASQUIN. 