MINING INTELLIGENCE. GOLD, The s.s. Pateena, which sailed for Mel bourne yesterday, took as cargo : — 1 box of gold, weighing 1121qk 13dwt ttgr, valued at £4350, shipped by the National Bank of Tasmania. Limited. Amalgamated Golden Era (Lefroy). — June 11 — Contractors started on the 5th vuBt. to open out on the north side of shaft, and have driven Sft for the week in clean sandetono country ; water well under control. Have ladders made, and will have them pnt in position at once. N(«w Cosmopolitan (Beaeonsfield),— June 12— Extended drive at 40ft level in winze Sft ; total length, 18ft. The stone is making stronger as we go east, and still carrying abundance of pyrites. The foot-wall is bard and regular ; the hanging-wall is com posed of dark sandstones with precipitation of iron, abowing another cleavage of the rock. Little Wonder (Beaeonsfield),— June 12— The main drive west at 400ft level haB been driven 12ft on course cf lode. Only the track of lode in face at present, carrying a little pyrites, and in the moat promising country wc have had at this level. W«b.- Pinafore (Lefroy).— June 12— No. 3 level east drive extended a further distance of l.'ft ; total, lCQft from cross-cut. The reef fortnat'.on has been eamewhat broken up during the wfrek, but at present shows feipos of getting more settled sgain. Also dhvitig crosB- cut from level south, and have driven the same loft, and from thy appear ance of the ground we are driving through at present we ought to meet «itJi more stone. South of our prtsent level the f jce is making a good drop of water. Con tractors Sot frecting battery machinery making fair progress with the aamc ; wind ing machinery in good working order. West Yolaoteer (Lefroy).— June 10— ] During the past week have extended cross- \ cut a further distance of Sft, total from shaft J9ft. We kto in foot-wall country 1 same as Volunteer, bciug hard and bad for ghosting, making proercsB slow. Moonlight (Beaeonsfield) —June 10 — Doring the week we have extended the croES-cut at the SOOft l'-vil a further die- ; tacce of Kfc, total length of drive 2o7ft. 1 Met with change of country, bro*n sand- i stone, with veins oi quartz carrying littJc pyrit'-s. New Pinafore (Lofroy). — June 12— No. ft level western drive txincded fift, tola! 90ft from croee-cut ; the ieef looks more pro mising, azd carries a little gold. North crors-cut extended llf( from side cf drive through hard formation. Will start cross cut south to-d-.y for hangingr-wail. No 4 level eastern drive csUmdcd 2fift-, total 3I3[t from croBS-eut ; rtcf iu face rather mul locky ; stcping has been carried on above this drive with payable results, average width of reef 5£t. West of cvoss-c-.it a biuall amount of stoping has been done on tbe hanging- wall stone, with payable re sults ; ihe reef at present shows much better gold, and is no doubt a continuation j of the atone worked in our upper levels j close to the boundary. The usual amount ' of etoping has been done on the main drive, j with payable results. W estern air shaft ! sloping uii6 been carried on over the inter mediate drive with poor rcsuitB, Eostcrn air shaft sunk and timbered 22ft, total 119ft from surface, still in reef formation. Cen tra! shaft sunk and timbered 8ft, total 291ft from surface. A frame set has been put in al 28Sft to carry cistern for plunger when required. The battery started crushing again with 40 heads on Friday afternoon. Machinery at mine all in good working 