LENTEN PASTORAL. WILLIAM, By the Grace of God, and of the Holy Apeos tolic See; Bishop of Goulburn. TO THE CATHOLIC CLERGY AND LAITY OF THE DIOCESE OF GOULURUN. "I WONDER that you are soBe soon removeod from Him that called you into the grace of Christ, unto another gospel, Which is not another, only there are some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ. But though we or an angel from heaven preach a gospel to you besides that which you have received, let him hbe anathema." (St. Paul Golat., 1 o., 6.7-8 v.) Dearly beloved Brethren and Children in Christ,-Only twenty-three years had passed sinco Christ oar Lord had ascended into heaven, when St. Paul found it necesary to remind the Galatians of the one gospel which he had preached to them. The same neces sity has continued ever since, for our Divine Lord has said : "And false prophets shall rise, nod shall seduce many-but he that shall per severe to the end, he shall be saved." (Matt. 24 c., 11.18.) Ofall Christian truths, there is not one more clearly announced than that of the necessity for salvation, of holding and keeping the one gospel of Christ. Our Lord says: "I am the vine, you the branches: he that abidoth in Me and I in him, the same beareth much fruit; for with. out mc you can do nothing. If any one abide not in me, he shall beo ceast forth as a branch, and shall wither, and they shall gather him up and cast him into the fire, and he burneth." (John 15 o., 5-6 v.) Our Lord says: "He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climboth up another way, the same is a thief and a robber. I speak to you and you boliesve not; the works I do in the name of My Father, they give testimony of Mo. But you do not believe because you are not of MIfy sheep. My sheoep hear My voice, and I know them, and they follow Ms." (John 10 c., 1.25-26-27 v.) When after His resurrection our Lord said to the eleven: " Goiog, therefore, teach all nations - teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." (Matt. 28 c., 19-20 v.). He gave them His authority to publishb to the world His, gospel, what to be. liesv,' and what to d,. When the apostles west forth into different countries, they carried out the commands given, and the teaching of any one apostle could not be different from that of any other apostle, for it was the teaching of Christ who sent the Holy Ghost on them, to be with thorem forever evoen to the consummation of ages. As the gospel of Christ spread, and as the apostles had placed now rulers to govern the different new churches, the, teaching in each, being received from the apostles, must have been the one and the same, each forming living branche?s of the one viue, and all joined together, and abiding in Chrit, and forming the one coburh of Christ. This same course to continue to the end. If this were not the case, if the teaching of one were different from that of another, the branch would be one having another gospel, whilst there is but one gospel-it would be a branch separated from the one church, which shall wither, and be cast into the fire. The same teaching is found tin other parts of the ihspired writinge.. St. Peter says: "But there wore also falso prophets among the people, even as there shall bo among you lying teachers, who shall bring in sects of per dition, and deny the Lord who bought them; and many shall follow their riotousnesses, through whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of." What thean shall we say of all those different esots, having different and contradictory teaching, and separated from the one vine whose branches extend through the whole world? Were we to say from ourselves that they were not on the way to eternal salvation, the expression would be hard; but what has the inspired writings said of it? that is, what does God nay of it, for He is the Supromo Disponseor of all things, and may require for man's salvation any conditions Heo may think fit. If He re quires a belief in all His teaching, as pro. pounded by those whom HIe osent to teach, who can complain ? And are not tlhe words of scripture clear? There is one gospel only there is one vine, whibch represents the one church, tihe brdinhes of which are united to this one vino, nod it separated wither, and are cast into the fire-there is one fold, in which the sheep hear theo voice of Christ, and what is that voice, but that of those whom He soet to teach His commands ? But as there is one faith, there is one baptism, which moltkes us Christians and children of God. All those theou who are baptised belong to th' one church, and mortal sin only can condemn them. If we were .than to suppose that bchildren baptised into thebo one church passed through life withouat committing sin weo shonld say that they in invincible ignorance of the truth, and falling into no sin, were in thie way of salve. tion. But theore are dilicultie?s. To be in invinciblo ignorance there must hbe no fault in that igortnoce. Itf men do not sineerely desire to know the truth; if men arne careless about icnking for the troth, and perhaps on disposed that if they learned that they were wrong would still continueo in the wrong, and would not he preparod to acnilicoe friends and pride and worldly interest, their ignorannce wold not be without its guilt. These would he so those spoken of in Job 21 c., 13 v., " Tihey spenod their days in wealth, and in a moment they go down to holl: who have said to God, depart from us, we desiroa'not the knowledgo of Thy ways." If then men do not ose the truth from indifference or from worldly motinves their ignorance of the truth is not without its fault; and what is it for a man to gain the whole world and suffer the loss of his own soul 7 Howoever, we are not to judge any one. God alone is the judge who will bring to light the hidden things of darkness. It is for onus to see that the opportunities given nous ar not neglected. We haven the Sacraments of Penance and the B. Eucharist. We have other helps to enable nus to proceed in tio way that loeads to oeternal life. Following the advice of the Apostle St. Peter, " wherefore, brethren, labour the more, that by good works you may make sure your vocation and election : for doing those things you shall not tin at any timo." (ii Peter 1 e., 10 v.) And " you therefore, brethren, knowing those things before, beware; leot, being led away by the error of the unwise, you fall from your own steadfastness. But increase in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jensu ObChrist. To Him be glory both now and until the day of eternity. Amen." (ii Peter 3 e., 17-18 v.) +WM. LANIGAN, Bishop of Goulburn. Bishop's House, Goulburn, February 9, 18983. 