Legend of the English Lakes. One of ths oldest legends of the lake mountains tells of the time of the plague, The people -were afraid to go to market, afraid to meet at church, and afraid to pats tm the highway. When any lonely body waB ill, the nearest neighbor left mist and drink at the door of the afflicted house, j and knocked and ran away. In those days, j a widow -with two sons lived in one! of the darkest of the valleys. The younger son diad, and the body had to be carried over the mountains to be buried. Its course lay across Sty Head Pass, a bleak and ' brant ' place, where the winds are often high. The eldest son, a strong hearted lad, undertook the duty. He strapped the coffin on to. the back of a young horse, and they started away. Ku day was wild, and on the top of the past whers the path dips into Wastdale, be tween the breast of Great Gable and the heights of Scawfell, the wind rose to a gale. The horse was terrified. It broke &mj; and galloped over the fells, carrying ife j burden with'-ifer -'Tiier-ilatl1 followed and I searched for it, but in vain, ani ta had to go home at last unsatMei. This was in the Bpring, and noarly all the summer through the surviving son of the widow was out on the mountains trying to recover the runaway horse, but neve: once did he catch eight of it, though iome times, as.he turned hbmeward at night, he thought he heard, in the gathering dark* ness, above the sough, of the wind, the horse's neigh. Then winter came, and. the mother died. Once more the dead body hd to be carried over the fells for burial, and once again ths coffin was strapped on the hack of a horse. It was an old mare that was chosen this time, the mother of the young one $hat had been lost. The snow . lay deep on the pass, and from the cliffs of the Scawfell pikes it hung in great toppling masses. All went well with the little funeral party until they came to the top of the pass, and though the day -was dead calm the son held the rein with a hand that was like a vice. But just as the mare reached the spot where the wind had frightened the j young horse there was a terrific noise. An immense body of the snow had parted: at that instant from the beetling heights overhead, and rushed down into the valty with tho movement as of a mighty earth quake and the deafening sound as of a peal of thunder. The dale echoed and re-echoed from aide to side, and from height to height. The old msn was affrighted ; 8h« reared, leapt, flung her master away, and galloped off. When they had recovered from their consternation, the funeral party gave chase, and at length, down ina hollow place, they thought they saw what they were in Beaten of. It was a horse with something strapped on its back. When they came up with it - they found it was the young horse, witn''the ooffiii' of the younger son* They led it away and buried the body that it had carried1 eo long, bat the old mare they never recovered, and the body of the mother never found sepulchw Such was the legend, sufficiently terrible, and even ghastly (writes Mr. Hall Cain* in the Idlee), which was the germ of my firat novel. Its fascination for me lay in its shadow And suggestion of the super natural. I thought it had all the grip of a ghost story without ever passing put of the world of reality. ? The Annual picnic connection. with St. Bede's and St. Francis Xavier's Roman Catholic Sunday schools, Pyrmont, took place yesterday at Chowder Bay. The steamers iLobelia and Princess werw kept busy from 9 o'clock in the morning until 2 o'clock in the afternoon convey ing scholars and their fiends, and by 8 o'clock it was estimated that about 1300 were present on the ground. During the day various games were indulged in, and in the afternoon the younger children had some races, the prizesbeing pretty, and in some cases useful, toys. The wants of those who did not de sire to take part in the various games were satisfied by the pavilion being thrown open for dancing, a large number availing themselves of the offer. The Pyrmont Brass band supplied the music and left nothing to be desired. A large committee : looked after the wants ot everyone most assiduously throughout the day. Thelftfit boat load of excursionists were landed at John street, Pyrmont, about 8 o'clock, after having specnt a most enjoyable day, despite the occasional shower of rain. 