rfke ...I w IPvrD c J£kp& " J' fo5T D SYNOPSrs OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. v n -vpter I. and II.— Shadrach Deane, a collier at Amberswooa, effects the rescue of a fellow-workman named David Southworth, who was imprisoned by a fall of roof. Southworth's brother introduces him to a factory lassie, named Nannie Wilson, and an intimacy springs up which ripens into affection. CHAPTER IV. — At the Fair. It was a Saturday evening early in the last of the autumn months, and, for the time of year, the weather was exceptionally fine and The sun had gone down an hour or two ago ; a full moon of deep yellow hung low in the heavens, and overhead the pale stars faintly twinkled in the gigantic archway of the skies. AH the main thoroughfares leading from the surrounding villages to the town of Hollingford were crowded with people who were making their way— some in carts and waggonettes, others on foot — towards the wide patch of waste land on which Holling ford Pleasure Fair was held twice a year. Among those who journeyed on foot were Shadrach Deane and his sweetheart, Nannie Wilson, and with them were several pairs of lads and lasses from Ambers wood village and like themselves all were bent on a night of rollicking enjoyment. _ All the members of the party were in the highest of spirits, and as they strolled along two by two, each lad with his lass on his arm, they chatted in the gayest tones, laughed p r rpetually. and made marry after the thought less, light' hearted fashion of yonng folks who have money in their pockets and plenty of fun before them. Presently Shadrach and Nannie and their friends entered the ancient- looking and tri angular-shaped Market Place of Hollingford. U.r wu-?1?68 ®f Fate," 44 A Miner's Million," The White Gipsy,"." A Pit Brow Lassie," etc. Here the vehicles were landing the country people, and the scene presented was one, of tho liveliest kind, for the wide space was ab solutely packed with all sorts and conditions of townspeople, and villagers ; all manners and kinds of stalls and. hucksters' stands— whi'e the air rang with every variety of noise. Batchers were vending their meat in stentorian voices ; the sellers of cheap prints and odds and ends of drapery were extolling their wares to the unsophisticated country women ; dealers in coooanuts, fruit and confectionery, were belauding their goods in no uncertain tones ; while men and women, lads and lasses, aud young children of both sexes pressed hither, thither, this way, and that towards their different destinies. Without much difficulty our parly of young friends made their way through small Babel, and in a minute or two were going along Mesneslane, the narrow street, void of side walk, which gave access to the fair ground from that side of the town ; and soon they were amidst a great Babel which dwarfed the one they had. left into insignifi cance. To those who are familiar with the Lanca shire fairs held in popu'ous centres the scene which presented itself to Shadrach and his friends will readily soggest itself ; and to those who are not acquaintod with such carnivals of the masses, a few words of des cription may not prove amiss. ' .The Fair Ground was an irregularly shaped piece of waste land a couple of hundreds of yards long and only a trifle less in breadth ; it was nnpaved and ' unsewered, and daring wet weather it was little better. than a stretch of mnd, while in the dry season it was only a desert of dust... At the time Shadrach and the others paid the place a visit1, the ground was hard and dry,' the dost having been laid by plentiful applications of water. The chief feature of the fair, was its clamor. On every hand arose a confused clamor, pro duced by the laughter and chatter and ex clamations of the people, the none of braying bands of music playingln'front of the booths, the exhortations of the ahowmen to 4 ' "Walk up ! walk up !" and view the wonders to be seen alone within their walls of wood and canvas, the clatter of huge "rick-racks" swung in strong hands, the screaming of blatant trumpets and; bibnlocs trumpeters ; the sl&rp; reports of the guns at the " shoot ing galleries;" the rattle of the " little - horses;" the- whirr of the " flying boats" and other sounds, noises, discords too numerous to tabulate. - And then the shows. First and largest was the travelling circus with its clown, acrobats, bare-back riders and dancing girls — the latter bedizened, rouged, powdered, and capering abouYthe platform in front of tbe show to the huge delight of the gaping crowd below. Then came the "-Galleries of Art" — big peep-shows with various pictures ; next the ghost shows and conjuring shows, so sugges tive of: inexplicable mysteries to the simple mind. Next were the shows containing the Mammoth Stallion and the Miniature Pony ; the Patagonian Giant, the Russian Dwarf, and the Circassian Beanty, all for one penny ; the boxing show where a huge black, and half-a- dozen villainous -faced pugilists, in- vited the best man in the crowd to a game of fisticuffs ; the pea saloons, where the lads and lasses were regaling themselves with plate - fuls of boiled blaok.peas ; the toffy and cake stalls, where lads were trying to win tooth some morsels by speculating their pence and r1 f -panne on the " turning- boards," as the round disc and the spinning pointers were called; while over all was the howling, screaming, hooting, hissing, discordant , uproar of Hollingford F air. With Nannie on his arm Shadrach forced his way alongside the front of the booths, and the rest of the party followed as best they could at their heels. Each of the young men had a " pocket full of money," and as each was out with his favored one, there was no thought of sparing their well- won cash. They went the whole round of the shows, seeing aU there was to be seen and enjoying themselves to the utmost in their own simple fashion. Then, when the booths were ex hausted, they repaired to the swings, to the "tickling boxes," and the shooting ranges, irate tepemtodfaw 40 «»a « ke young miners were hand- and their sweethearts were hrfund watching them, that due of JJannie companions touched her quietly oh the shoulder, remarking in alow tone Look over there, Nannie." ."Where ? What is it, Peggy?" the girl asked as Bhe turned round. Mm ethe horses. Don't you see him i It s David Southworth." « im now'V responded. loerehe is dodging away among the crowd. Let him go. I don't care for him. and I never did," Nannie said, warmly. "But you should have seen the nasty look cm his face, Nannie, when he saw us all here together, and Shadrach there with us. He just looked as if he wanted to throttle some body—very likely Shadrach there." 44 But why should he, Peggy?" 44 Because you have chucked him over, I daresay." ' . 44 Chucked him over ! How could I ohuok him over when I never kept his company P" 44 David used to say you did." 44 Then he told a lie." 44 Well, everybody knows that he likes you, the lass named Peggy responded, An now that he has seen you with Shadrach he's certain to work you both all the ill-will he can." V It him !" Nannie cried, stoutly, feeling quite safe in her love and her lover's keeping. "I can take care of myself, and I dare say Shadrach can do as much for himself." As the girl voiced those words she swept the crowd around with her eyes, and saw David Southworth again. He was standing behind a group of red-cheeked and plump- bodied country women, and, owing to his great height, was looking over their heads straight at Shadrach Deane, who was just balancing the gun at his shoulder prepara tory to firing. She watched David keenly. There was a deep scowl on his great dark face, and a vicious gleam in his eyes. She felt instinc tively that Southworth's soul was moved to its worst depths, and that he would not scruple while his evil passion was moving within him to wreak his animosity upon her lover. Just as that thought flashed through Nannie's mind she saw David turn, his eye caught hers for a moment ; she snubbed him with a look, and he strode away and was lost in the throng. The girl turned to her friends and paid no more heed to the incident. She had never i given David Southworth any encouragement in his wooing, and so, she considered, she was not to blame for any disappointment he ought fed at that moment. Half an hour later, when both the yonng meiand their sweethearts had drunk their fill of noise and fun and frolic, they all set their faces towards home, taking a short cut, which" led them through shady green lanes, quiet woodland and sweet smelling meadows. The great yellow harvest moon was now pailing high in the dark vault above, and the "peaceful country seemed doubly delightful after the bustle and clangour of the over crowded fair. Betides, the young folks were young and in love, and therefore had no quarrel with the world. They thought, and perhaps wisely, that life had few better things to offer than a fair, nuts and ginger bread and the company of their lovers. The clock in the tower of the village church at Amberswood was striking eleven when Shadrach Deane and Nannie "Wilson said good night to each other at the corner of the Fox and Goose. They had parted and each went home ward in the happiest frame of mind. The girl lived only a stone's throw away, while her lover had to walk right along Tunstall Lane for the distance of half a mile. There were no lamps in the lane, and the moonlight rendered lights unnecessary, hut under the trees the shadows were thick, and one side of the road where the hedgerow was high was plunged in gloom. S wingingcarelessly along, obliviousof every thing buthis own pleasant thoughts, Shadraoh -was not a little startled when a man's figure glided— almost sprang from the shadows, and a deep voioe exclaimed : . "Is that you. Shadrach Deane? Wait a minute, for I want to speak to you." " Hello, David, is that you? ' Dean responded, amiably enough, as he recovered from the momentary shook, and recognised the man he had snatched from death. " Yes, it's me, Shadrach," the other made answer, somewhat sullenly, as Shadrach came to a standstill.. rt ,, "I'm glad to see that you are all right gain, David. I supyose you've started work at last, I heard so." . , , " That's not what I want to talk Southfrorth snapped out, in at aggsefiive It, thm t" SKftdnwh naked, as be raMisedimn flash the purport of his fellow miner's presence there. s 4 It's -right: about to-night— about you and Nannie Wilson 1 What claim had you to take ; her to the Fair? What right have you to come between her and me ? That's what I want toknow, Shadrach Deane 1" Southworth ejaculated. " You've no right to ask me such questions, Southworth— at least, I think not." " Haven't I ! Nannie was my girl before you came here, aud now — " "She is mine!" Shadrach adtlad, firmly. David Southworth. langhed loudly and harshly. 4 i Is she ? Doa'fc be cock-sure -about that. You've me to reckon with before that job is settled." " But if Nannie doesn't ctire for you ?" "She used to oare for me — would have cared for me still but for your interference. I am very sorry now, I oan tell yon, Shadraoh Deane, that I should have to think that I owe my life to you, Southworth said, bitterly. 44 I'm sorry also that anything should have come between us." 14 If that is so you oan easily mend matters." " How ?" " By keeping away from the las3 alto gether — as you ought to have dose all along. Didn't my brother tell you that Nannie and me were keeping company ?" He did toll me, and I believed what he said at the time. But now " " What now P" 44 1 know he told me a lie !" 44 How do you make that out ?" 4! I will tell you. Before I ever spoke to Nannie of my own feelings in regard to her, a asked her if it was true that she was en gaged to yourself." 44 And what did she say ?" " She denied it mo3t emphatically, and said that she had never given you the slightest reason to think she cared for you. After that I had a right to speak for myself ; I spoke and now the girl is engaged to me." 44 You mean to marry her, then ?" 44 1 do — as soon as I can make her a com fortable home !" Shadraoh replied. " And I swear that you never shall marry her while I live !" David Southworth hissed in husky tones. 41 Before I'd see her the wife of another man I'd shoot her — and the man toot I mean it, Shadrach Deane, by heaven! do, so you can't say I've not warned you !" _ With that threat on his lips the incensed pitman strode off, and Shadrach pursued his homeward journey. CHAPTER V. — SOTJTH worths One morning, about a week after the occurrence of the events chronicled in the preceding chapter. Shadrach Deane stepped out of the cage at the bottom of the Cali fornia Pit and made his way with half a dozen more miners towards the cabin, about which a small crowd of colliers and their drawers were waiting to have their Davy lamps examined. into the little cavern hewn out of the solid rock the men and lads passed one by one, ac cording to their 44 kail" or turn, and when the thin network of fine wire forming the lamp gauges had been carefully scrutinised to see that there were no defects in the meshes — when the lamps had been lighted and securely looked, the hewers of coal and the drawers thereof made their way out by the other door of the cabin, and proceeded to their allotted places in the mine. Presently Shadraoh's torn arrived, and he placed his lamp on the table for the official whose business it was to examine- it. The fireman stretched out his hand for the gauzes, looked up as he did so, and replaced them on the table instantly, remarking in an off-hand way; " It's no us8 exainiuin' them yet, Shad rach." 44 How's that?" Deane asked. " Because," the fireman ieplied, as he pro ceeded to examine the next miner's lamp, " thy place has fallen up." 44 Whereabouts?" "In tbe middle of the drawing road. But don't go tip the pit. The nnderlooker will, very likely, set you clean up the fall. Wait at the cabin door till Bill Appleton comes." Shadrach said he would do as the fireman suggested, and picking np the various por tions of Ms Davy, he fitted them together and went outside, finding a Beat on a full tub of coal near the doorway. He had not been sitting there many minutes before the Jad who drew for him came down the piy and Saadraon caUed for his assistant, and told him of the fall of roof which had taken place in their drawing road. "Hie youth received the information without; comment, and seated himself beside his master. A little later David ' Southworth passed them.' The two miners exchanged glances, but no words. Since' that encounter in Tunstall Lane, now a week past, the rivals had not exchanged a syllable with each other, although they saw one another daily— often nightly also. . Shadraoh brae the other.no grudge on ac count of the hot— syeflL. violent woi-d David had- nsed on the night of the Fair. H.V threats had besn\set down as due to the angry effervescence of the moment, therefore n Dt to be takeneeriously. But there was no gainsaying the fact th£ whenever the rivals chanced to meet either below ground or above, David's manner aai countenance denoted neither forgiveness nor forgetfulness. He glared at Shadrach with set mouth, grim face, ready, however, to burst into fl>mi whenever occas'oa de manded. On the very morning following their heated interview in the laue, David and Shadrach chanced to meet at the pit shaft, and to show that he bore no resentment, Shadrach had greeted the other with a genial 44 good morning, Divid." But the only response vouchsafed him was a sullen grunt aud a baleful flash of the small half-closed black eyes. Then Shadraoh had laughed lowly — though not so faintly as to be inaudible to David who had turned sud denly as if half minded to resent his rival's sneer with a blow— or at least a bitter and passionate exclamation. David, however, did neither thing. His scowl deepened and darkeued until it became fiendish in its malevolence, then he went biff way cursing in his throat. After that neither men threw a word at the other, and Shadrach was plsased that it should be so. Time, he thought, would help to wipe out his rival's bitterness of feeling, atd en able him to think reasonably of the lass he could not win and the man who had won her. Half an hour slipped away while Shadrac! and his drawer, littie Jack Baines, were sit< ting there awaiting the arrival of the under looker of the mine. It was nearly six o'clocl now, and the 44 looker on" and his assistants, were arranging the lines of full and empty waggons fit the pit bottom, in readiness for the beginning of winding operations. In the last cage before six, the man in charge of the mine came down, and D .-aae followed him into the cabin. 44 Hello, Shadrach ; what are you doing here so late ?" the undertook, r, Bill Apple- ton, asked. 44 Toe roof has fallen in my drawing road," Deane replied, 44 and the fireman told me to wait and see you." «" Is there no plsoe empty in which he could work to-day. Fenton? ' tfce undrlcoier queried, as he turned to his subordinate. 44 There isn't," the fireman said. 44 All the men are working to-day." 44 Isn't there room for two somewhere?" 44 T era's room for Sh dra ;h in Divid Southworth's place, I dare say," was Fentou's response. 44 And that place is a lot beh'nl, isn't it, and wants pushing ftrwird ?" 44 It is." 44 Well, Deane, I think you hal bettev work with Sout'awcr .h to-lay. It's the next place to your own, you know, anditwil be better than losing a day's work." 44 Anywhere else, if you like, Appleton," Shadrack responded qu;ckly. " I don't cars to work with David Southworth." 44 Why not ?" the und Hooker dem nl;d . " Well, he's not the best of chap to wori: with— is very ci agreeable, you know ; besides we're not friendly. If tlere is where else to work, I'd rather g) bau« home." 44 Oh, in that case you'd better go then— but wait a minute. How much dirt is there down in the road, Fenton ?" 44 Ten or a dozen tubs," said the firaman. "I think Shadrach and hi drawer toa d clean it up and bar ic in aday," 44 Are all the datallers engaged ?" the ut- derlooker inquired of his inferior 44 They are." 44 Then let Deane here and his or wer ero to the job." B Five minute3 afterward Shadrach and his lad were on their way to their work n r place carrying with them a saw and other to oh necessary to repair and mek safe the roof where the fall had occurred. On reacting the fall Shadiach, a an ex perienced pitman, was able to perceive at a glance that the fireman, Philip Fenton, had underestimated the amount of work re quisite to be done ere the fallen mass of debris wac removed and tbe broken roof secu 1 . Bat he and his drawer set to witu a will. There was an old opening in the drawing road a few yards below the fail, and into this the dirt was oast. When afternoon arrived the heap of debris had been all cleaned away, and all that remained now to complete their task was to set a couple of bars across the top edge of the fall. Shadrach and Jack had just lifted a bar to the roof, and were holding it there until it was secured by means of a 44 centre-leg" or j rjp, when something occurred which startled them both. Suddenly there rang through the corridors of the mine a dull report as if a rifle had been fired some contiderable distance away, and as ..Deane was turning to the lad' to make some remark about it, another report, a thousand fold more mighty than the first, reverberated along the low, tortuous and far-spreading galleries, driving a bolt of dark fear and agonising despair into the breast and brain of every man and youth who labored in the pit. And close upon the heels of that tremens dous outburst of clangor came a dead! wave of air which hurtled through tbe roadt and across the working places with incon ceivable rapidity and power, sweeping all men and things before it. Stout logs of timber were snapped asunder like matchwood, broken bars were torn from the roof and the strata came olatteriog down ; men and lads were dashed into the goaf or cast with ruthless force on the floor or against the face of coal ; full and empty waggons were eoattered as if they were band- boxes, and every light that was burning within many hundreds of yards of the seat of the ex plosion was extinguished, leaving that part of the ill-starred mine plunged in impenetrable darkness and indescribable confusion and misery. Although Shadraoh and the lad were not in the directline of the devastating, current j they did not' escape its fury. They Wer< flung senseless and bleeding against th< sides of the drawing road, the. log of iimbe they were holding up fell down with a crash i the bars they had fixed under the broken roof were torn out as if by ajpan&'s arms, and the A MAN'S FIGT7BE SPRANG FROM THE :SHAD0W3. burthe wiim Mvd Kiwlitile btipmate; - The scene teat folloisjed the disaster would require the pen of a Dante to describe it thoroughly. Snob a picture, when seen and felt in all its awful and harrowing details, gives one some notion of what hell may be, - After tee clangor and rate of tee hurtling air came tee rush for life, and the dense blackness was filled with the screams and prayers aud imprecations of those who were seized with the horrid fear of death or were maimed and helpless. In that terrible moment many thought only of themselves. Fathers left their -vfoijHrftTij sons forsook their sitob, brothers forgot all ties of blood in their momentary maanese, and rushed pell mell through the intense gloom for their lives. And Shadrach Deane and Little Jack lay still as death where the blast had struck them down, and presently all about them was as silent as their own prostrate and motion less forms. Some minutes went by and Shadraoh Deane straggled slowly back to consciousness; For a few moments be was unable to realise bis situation, but tee truth soon flashed upon bim, and he attempted to rise to his feet. The attempt was a failure. He was weak and bleeding from a Severe scalp wound; several logs of timber pinioned his legs to the floor, and a heap of newly fallen roof weighed him down. Realising his inability to free himself he called aloud for his drawer. "Jack! Jack! Where are you? Speak, lad, speak !" There was no response though he repeated hi3 cries again and again. Where Was the lad, he mused; Not killed, he hoped, with a hungry intensity of fervor that pained him mere tban his own injuries did. Then he put out his hands, felt here and there, groping in the dark like a blindman amcr.g the dirt and litter, and at length his finsrers rested upon something soft and warm. It was Jack's face that Shadrach's palms touched, and the lad was evidently living, al though still senseless. With fresh cries he it rove to arouse him, chafing his face mean while as well as his prisoned position per mitted; and presently Jack gave signs of returning consciousness. "Shadraoh! Shadrach ! were the lad's 3rsfc cries. Where are you, Shadrach ?" " Here beside thee, Jack, but I am hsfif buried and can'l get mjsqlf free. Are you a 1 right, lad ?" " I'm hurt a bit, and fa3t too," tee little fellow replied cheerily. " But what's up, Shidrsch V" " I bsiieve the pit has exploded ; but I think v-e ate safe, Jack, if we can only work ourselves out of this. Do you think you can manage to get out and help me." " LTl try, Shadrach ; I'll try !" Jack cii d. bravely : and the man could at once hear the lad making desperate efforts to free himself from the splintered timber and falldn rocks which imprisoned him. The courageous efforts Of the lad stimulated his master to the making of another desperate struggle, but he was pinioned as in a vice, and to fight further to free himself msant only ex haustion. So he resigned himself to his position with all the patience he conldeommand, and he lay there thinking prayers, if lie did not utter thetn, that Jack might free himself quickly, and thus aid him to regain his freedom. Suddenly a sound caught Shadrach's ears that sent a thrill through him and caused him to Listen with bited breath. Ths peculiar shuffling sound continued, and be came more clear each moment ; he knew that someone was creeping on his hands and knees in the dark, and his voice rang out iu loud, hope! ul accents — " Who's there? For God's sake, be quick and come here ! I'm fast under some roof and timber, and my drawer is fast, too !" " Who are yon?" a voice replied, and Shadrach recognised the speaker as his rival, David Sou h worth. "It's me, David — Shadrach Deane." ' ' Ah, it's you, is it?" came back with a lend, sneering laugh. " And you expect me to help you ?" "For God's sake, David, help ma aud little Jack ! Be sharp, or we may both be loit!" "You're where you' 11 stay, Shadrach Deane. I wouldn't lilt a finger to save you from hell. You stole Nannie Wilson from me, didn't you ? Well, there's one thing certain — you'll have to give her up now." Another brutal laugh came floating along the dark road, and Shadrach's heart felt heavy as lead. He listened intently for a moment, and could hear Southworth shuffling away np the gallery. Again D cane's voice rang out " JSoath worth ! For the love of heaven, do not desert this lad and me ! Have you forgotten how I risked my own life to save yours ? If we die our blood will be on your head ! If you don't help us and we escape, Fll denounce you to everybody as a murderer ; be a man ! — not a fiend ! Come and help us !" He paused, breathless, and listened. But he could hear nothing save the shuffling of the fleeing hound. Biting bis lips in blackest despair, he fell back and prepared for the worst. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 