Sir—The action of the late Playford Ministry, the particular members of which, Air. J. G. Jenkins. M.P. for Sturt, in the Lower House, and the Hon. W. Copley, in the Upper House, in introducing free education, have a etigma attaching to them. They de prived respectable private teachers of their living, and increased the hardens of the State. Gud only knows how these poor people may be suffering through the los 9 of their livelihood. It may be nothing to Mr. Copley, and yet he professes to be a religions man. Has he carried ont the promise he made that for all private teachers who would be found eligible provision would be made in the State school service? Tbe justice to all policy of thePlayford team ought to assert itself at the present elections by their individually saying straight out that they will give consideration to private teachers, not only so far as employment in State schools goes but also pecuniarily to compensate all who have suffered. The cub ject has been brought up by some letters in your columns recently. Tbe East Torrens district, represented by the Hon. Thomas Playford, M.P., has suffered, if I remember rightly, more than any other district (I think the number of private schools was about 23; how many have been closed Ido not know), but that gentleman ought to be very severely bandied for not carrying out his famous policy of justice to all, and I hope the private school teachers, one and all in that district, wDI bring him to book. It is monstrous, when we look at the state of France, Germany, Victoria, and the United States, that we should be snuffing oat valuable private schools where God's name is honored, where the children are taught of a Saviour's love and the Divine spiritfe (the Holy Ghost's) presence in the world, that we should be fostering a system of State education the enemy of our common Christianity. Look at the cost—£23,ooo lost to the revenue through free education, £10,600 smuggled into the Loan Bill for reproductive walls (?) to build new acboolhonses, the living taken away from respectable Christian citizens to extend the influence of the devil, and the income tax raised. We are doing this, and we find French Bubjects taking their children away from the State schools (a regular stampede is going on), and placing them in the clerical and private schools, finding out that anarchy and socialism are bound np with the State sohool system. As Dean Gregory stated the other day. the French are subscribing now more towards their private schools than they are dome in London. In South Australia we are always going into things when other people are find ing out they have been wrong, and this is the case particularly in the United States, where private schools are increasing. Private teachers of East Ton-ens, tackle the member for your district —I am, &c.;, MERCATOR. I P.S.—What an insult it is to Almighty God to teach agronomy in our schools when we refuse to acknowledge liis holy name in our schools. How can we expect His blessing by giving us fruitful season? or prosperity. Is He to be ignored ? To continue this State system means destruction. 