WINES OF THE BIBLE. to thr ed1tou of thr age. SIR,— While I have no sympathy with drunkenness or excess of any kind, I would like, with your kind permission, to say a few words in answer to the letter on the above subjeot that- appeared iu your issuo of 31st May. 1 don't think tho writer oould have known his Bible very well, or he imust have forgotten our Lord's illustra tion to His disciples, " that no man putteth now wino into old bottles,1' for the reason that tha now wine in fermenting would burst the bottles, And both wine and bottles would be lost ; also, "no man having drunk old wine straight way desiroth new." The old wine, having thoroughly fermented, was milder, and all tho deletorious matters had been carried off in tho fermentation. Anyone that knows anything about wine knows that unfermcnted wine is bad. It is natural for wino to ferment, and in unfet- mented wine the course of nature is checked. In a .climate such as that of Palestine the juice of the grape would ferment as soon as it was expressed. If the wino were to remain unfermented, ohemiculs would have to bo added to arrest tho fermenta tion. Unfennonted wine is eminently unwhole some, it forms an indurated coating in tho stomach and intestines and does not assist alimentation. The grape is the only fruit we possess to make a perlcct wino, which God in his ! goodness gave " to make glad the htfkrt of mnu" j whioh uniormcnted wine could never do, as it contains all the noxious matters that should puss away m tlio different stages of formentatlun. I j havo had a good deal of experience in both and : tne only quality (!) I fuuud in the latter , was that it gave mo a pain in the Htoinach. The wine at the marriage feast is called "good" by tho ruler, ho also suys, " When men havo well drunk j" in the Authorised Veraiou, M were merry." The same Greek wotd is used in tho Septuagint In Gen. xxxiv. 43, also in Math xxiv. 49, and at the descent of the Holy Ghost (Acts ii. 15) : — " For these are not drunken, as ye suppose, soeing it is but the third hour of the day;" In 1 Cor, XI. 21, where the Corinthian converts aro reproved by Paul for profaning the Lord's Supper by drinking wino to the exieut of ; beooming druuk ; In Thess. v. 7 and Rev. xvii, 6, so that it is quite evident that the " good wine " spoken of at the foast would causo intoxication when taken in excess. Again'we read in Isaiah of "Wines on the lees well refined." No ono oould refine wine on the leos, except it bad been first fermented. I should think that it was this wholesome well rofined wino that was used by our Lord at the institution of tho Lord's Supper. Trusting that as oivilLation advances, and the olouds of error and supersti tion pass away, that people will see things as they are, and that true religion will no longer be confined to meats and driuks and divers wash ings, hut that it will consist in righteousness and neuce and iov in the Holv fthnaL — Vmirn. Am 6th June. F. W. 