SPOBXBG ECHOES. (B: SOUSD.) More tbe moai amount ot inbereet area taken in the Gcangebarn t. Macartbnr match on Saturday, owiog to its having been reported that in Hall tbe viaitors possessed a left-handed bowler of more than average ability. Good left-handed trnndlers do not, as the saying goes, grow on the tope of trees, and, amongst others, Hie Melbourne C.C. is always glad to get hold of one. (Jofortnoately, Hall had sprained the rhomb of his bowling hand, and, consequently, was not seeo at his best. His delivery is a high one, of certainly easy style, and he ' ' drops " the ball down at something nnder tncdiam pace, with a decided break from leg. On Saturday, however, he could not, probably owing to bis injured thumb, main tain a good length, and was apt to " keep them short. Given a proper length and he will really become a bowler tht few bate- men will be able to trifle with. He has also the making in bim of a good batsman. Commencing well, he .secored two wickets with his two first balls, which, however, had no corl on, were perfectly straight, but well pitched. I have seldom seen snch a reversal of 41 form " in so short a time as I did on Saturday. Playing against Macartbnr, the colt, Johnson, played a really excellent innings for 45. Almost immediately after he went in to bat for the Banks and Law, bet was 44 stock up" in tbe first over by Allan Le&rmootb;, in the eecoud he did not shape at all well, and softly retained the third ball to his bowler. In tbe Macarthor match he also bowled with no email amount of judgment, precisi -n and break. Oo the Macarthor eide, Pitman's inniogs pleased me, as it was rrhaact»r?ced by unaelfishneoe. He can bit when he likes, hot tbe wickets having gone down very quickly, he con tented himself chiefly with beeping op his wicket whilst Hall was doing the hitting, in fact, he played the (game " Dp to the knocker." Given practice, and if the Macarthor people would only agree npon a weekly half-holiday, this could be got, tbe crickefrs who contended against tbe Grangebnrn on Saturday would soon consti tute a very good township team. Every Hamilton cricketer must, I feel sure, have been pleased on Saturday to see that- that old Lancashire player, J. Hont, had again <( donned the flannels." Still more so when it was seen that, altboagh it was the first time he had played with them this season, he conld handle the bat as well ac ever. His 50 runs were obtained fay an ex hibition of artistic, misty, vigorous batting and admirable forward play, and 1, for one, should like to see him often handling tbe willow, IF only to show some of onr men, especially those who are stiff and " etilty," bow a bat can be need by a man who has been properly taught. Of J. M'Lellan I have often had to speak in terms of com mendation, and I was moch pleased with 44 Tommy" Hardacre's style. Melvflle's 37 (net oat) famished another proof that he has a greater variety of hits than any of our local batsmen. Jadging from the man ner in which " Archie" Simpson 44 shaped, it is a pity he does not oftener defend the stumps. Tbe Hon. S. W. Cooke has accepted his Domination as President of the Hamilton Hunt Clab. Writing to Mr. T. Vines on the 7th Last., he says 44 After each a strong expression of feeling I cannot but allow myself to be appointed President of the Hamilton Hani Club. I could have wished that the meeting had seen its way (dear to select some member for that honourable position who was good across timber, and not merely a figa re-bead. However, the figure-head can wish the Clab a most successful season. n This is g«od news for members of the Hunt. I may add that although tbe 4 'figure head' may not be given to going across country as the crow flies, or to Landine or sitting on a rail, be has some wonderful 44 jumping powder." This, I am told, cannot be beaten, and he has already invited the Hont to provide themselves with some of it at the beginning of tbe season, and again recuperate at the close of it. The Pennant matches in Melbourne on Saturday were well attended, but have lost xnnch of the interest attached to them at tbe start, in consequence of the Meltanrne C.C. having taken snch a decided lead. Laver not out 293 in the match East Melbourne v. St. Hilda may make a record, as there are still two wickets to faM. the E.M.C.C. having lost 6 men for 613 runs. It may, however, suit tbe Jolimootere to de clare the innings closed. Melbourne mast win on tbe first losings against Sonth Mel bourne, having scored 263, as against 1S9 obtained by the men from Emerald Hill, and Fitzroy will also win on the first ionings with Korth Melbourne, viz., 224 v. US. Iu their Eecond innioge tbe Kortb have lost seven wickets for 127 runs. In the B dirbion Carlton has obtained 194, as against 125 secored by the University, and tbe latter has lost three wickete for 130 runs in their second attempt. In the Bicb- mcnd-Williamstown match the present state of tbe game is WilltamstowQ 127 and eight wickets down for 205 rons ; Richmond 144. Port Melbourne 124 ; Eseend n 75, and six wickets for 45 runs. At the Williamstown races on Saturday tbe results were: — Selling Hurdle Rat — Sir Galahad, 1 ; Proletaire, 2 ; Vengeance XL, 3. Trial Stakes — Emblem, 1 ; For tunate. 2 ; Knellwood, 3. Selling £Uce — Tripaway, 1; Maypoie, 2; Missile, 3. Laverton Stakes — Battler II., 1 ; Mirabilis, 2 ; Solomon Solution, 3. Steeplechase Oamperdowu, 1; Egyptian, 2; Moo. 3. Newport Handicap — Josephine, 1; Helber Skelter, 2 ; Maggie, 3. What next! An American has invented another new kind of sulky," with which it is expected wonderful time will be made. It possesses bat a single wheel, the endless shaft bang bent io front to form a raised top portion connected with the saddle girth of the horse. The rear portion of the shaft carries the connections with the wheel, and in addition supports tbe carved spring form ing tbe. ee&t; of the driver. It is said that owing to tbe support given by the shaft on each side, tbe wheel cannot lay down oo its side, but I still prefer a four-wheeled Abbott for my own nee. It is said that yon cannot catch a weasel asleep, and that it is as canning as a fox. More ennnieg. 1 should imagioe, as a resident of Moutajup tells the following story : — 44 A week or two ago a well-known resident of this district who made matters warm for somebody at a recent Batter Factory meet ing, saw what be took to be a hare asleep. Cmtionriy he approached, visions of jagged hare floating in his mind. To hie surprise he found it was a dormant fox, with brash outstretched. He seized it by iu caudal appendage, intending to "bash out" its brains. B fore he could succeed in doing this, however, the fox ha i bim by tbe leg, or rather I should say, the leg of his unmeotionables. A jerk made it let go, bat only to get hold of his waistcoat, and so the straggle went no. - JSventaally the factory director who I dare say had began to wish that be, in the absence of a 44 separator," had let the sleeping tax lie, managed to get a dear swing with the vermin, whose bead coming Into violent contact with a poet, quickly caused it to give up the ghost.- It's conqueror is subsequently said to have declared that he never had a better, brash with anything nor got a better one in his life, bat that it would not mat him to have snch another contest. - X suppose anything appertaining to horses Is a fair eobject for an echo. This being so, I give my readers Uonan Doyle's lateet yarn as told 'in'4.' The Great Shadow" by> noting Scotchman' abcat a refugee Napoleonic officer. Here xits. ; "I bathed with' him Kmbe in the summer, and I saw then that be was haggled with wounds all over.-;-Be8ideS seveb "or "eight scare and slashes, his ribs on one code were all twisted ont of shape, anda partrof one pf his oalveB bad befen torn away. iXeftaoghed in hn merry way when lie «aw uxy faeeiof wonder. J> Gossaokt 1 -Oms4<$0 1" said heJ running i bm' hand' dver hls'lscarir n And the" ribs ' were broken by an artillery. tumbriL Jt 2s veiy bad poMse thegdnspsas over-one How with cavalry it is nothing, A horse, wiU pick its eteps however fast it may go.- I have been ridden over by fifteen hundred tbe snns are very bad." " And tbe calf ? I naked. ' " Pouf I It is only a wolf bite."®# he. , " Yon wonld not (bin Yon will nnderstand that my horse and 1 had been struck, the horse killed, andXSDlh. my ribs broken by a tomfariL Well, it was cold— oh, bitter 1 bitter 1— the ground like iron, andmo onsfto hfelp "tteTWoontJed/ao that the/'feozejnto ksckwqteiW wonld wifiro yon X too frit that X was freezing, so what did sword, and I opened my darihon no well .XECKfi as I conld, and T made space in him for me. to lie, with one little hole for my month. Sapristi ! It was warm enough there. Bat there was not room for the entire of me, so my feet and part of my legs stack ont. Then in the night, when I slept, there came tbe wolves to est the horse, and they had a' little pinch of me also, as yon can see ; but after that I was on guard with my pistols, acdXhey had no more of me. There I lived, very warm and nice, fca: ten days." " Ten days !" I cried. 44 What did yon eat?" 44 Why, I ate the home. It was what yon c&U; board and lodging to me.. Bat of course I bad sense to eat tbe legs, and Kve in the body. There were plenty dead abont who had all their water bottles, so I had all I could wish. And oo the eleventh day there came a patrol of light cavalry, and all was weU." 