WILLARD AND BIDDLGS. (la the Editor of the Chronicle .) Sib,— In auswer to Mr. Biddies' letter I appearing in your issue of the 16tb Inst., I I have to acknowledge that tbe first part I ' nf bis letter is correct, viz. : Where be B states tbat the Labour party promised I bim tbeir euppurt ; but he baa wilfully I suppressed what be knew to be our reasons for nominating Wlllard and in sisting in kee;.i jg bim there afterwards. Later on the name night wc accepted Biddies, a teV^ram wss eeut from Bris bane, but did not reach ue uotii next murning, asking ns to nominate Willard. We replied that it was too late. Tbe same morning in town it wbb told by several persons tbat Biddies would not go to tbe poll, as Tooth could could put tbe sorew on blm at any moment, I did not credit this at the time, but nhen at 2 35 p.m. Mr. A. Blue came to Mr. Mitchell's shop, and stated in my preBeoce tbat Biddies was uuablu to put up tbe £20 for b!9 nomination, then 1 must say we grew suspicious, aud when later tbe tuouey was not forth coming, it being tbeu near 3 o'clock (that being the time oue would bave to leave the town so as to be in time to put in tbe nomination at Howard), suspicion became certainty. I eot tne £20 required, and proceeded to Howard to nominate Wil lard. S'JOU after arriving there tbo money for Biddies' nomia »iiou w.-w wired down, and the two were in;miuated. I was aBked by the men vho jed both papers were we goiiic to run the two men, and I replied certainly not, one nf these men will retire. I did not say whether Mr. Willard or Mr. Biddies would retire. Daring the week we had several meetings with Mr. Biddies' committee, but could not come to terms witb tbem, as Mr. Biddies declined to stand down, aud as we aUo declined to retire our mau, iielieviug that if we did eo, Mr. Tooth would simply have a walk over. Oo Saturday nigbt, after some talk with Biddies' committee, they ashed us to pay the expeuBBB In curred up to date and they would with draw their man ; we agreed to do tbie ir, th. oiiani. nf £5. which amount we bave (iald, and the affair was settled. Oa Moudsy Mr. Biddies came to us in an Indignant temper, but after an explanation, during tbe course of which be acknowledged tbat be was indebted to Mr. Tootb for a considerable amouut, added that he bad had toclean bimseifout or cash, aud also draw on bis friends in order to partly meet the affair. This of course proved the truth of tbe reports we bad heard, and Mr. Biddies acknowledged tbat under tbe circumstances we were justified in euBpeotiug blm. Hie action in suppressing these most Important facts or In writing at all In the strain he bas dour, convinces us that tbe whole tbiDg was a put up job. I can assure you tbat we ere very muob disgusted at tbe action of Mr. Biddies. Had be told ua how bestood witb regard to Mr. Tootb be would never bave been baaked by us in auy way. No blame whatever attaches ;t « Mr. Wlllard, tbe fault moat undoubtedly being wlfb Mr. Biddies; as for the different enmmittees being put out by his reiitem-nt, it is all bunkum, as they were only too pleased to bave blm retire, as they buew he would not bave tbe ghost of a ehnw. Trusting this will be enOlolent to clear us, aud regretting tbe oeoeaBlty of the above aotiOD.— I am, &0-- W. H. Demainb, 