FOOTBALL AOTJiS. I —Big crowd. —Smoke night. —Wind chaugy. —Kxccllont game. —Trait impartial. —Stars and stripes. —Telephone handy. —A couple of tripes. —Footsciay jubilant. —Good goal kicking. —One eyed barrackcis. —Keep your places, boys. —Scray, 7—4 ; Town, (i—0. —Town missed 3 easy shots. —Biggest gatoof the season. —McLeod to be tried to- day, —Melbourne went down again. —McNab central umpire "to-day. —Gruudcn as cool ns a cucumber. —Brownfield’s play much admired, —Griffon worked hard for a victory. —Muncy ought to make a good man. —Johnny Fribbs and his little tricks. —Scray have a good man in Chadwick. —Footballers in cricket bazaar procession. —Pace is small, but gets there all iho —Danny Shanahan can’t be beat in the centre. —Jack Kenny us good as gold ; a regular —Bob McCubbiu disabled iu the first quarter. Sheehan 3 goals, Gibbs, Kenny and Fribbs one each. —A smart piece of play—Griffin to Gibb3 —ended in a goal. —Johnny Sheehan played a wonderful game ; best on the ground. —Trait considers Town the most promising team ho has seen this soason. —“ Observer,” in the A njus, says :—“No match on Saturday was quitu so keenly fought as that botwcun Footseray and Wil liamstown, who, being near neighbours, wished, like near neighbours, to annihilate each other, thongh not iu a way that gave the umpire any serious trouble. The game was the bcBt, it is said, ever' playod at Williumstown, and Trait declares that the high marking and kicking was some of the best ho had seen this season. The game was won by Footseray in the third quarter, when they got four goals, and never gavo tho homo twenty the ghost of a chance. It was probably their slightly superior, strength in tho ruck that gave Footseray the gamo, for in other parts of tho field there was nothing to choose between them. Iu the beaten toam Dyson’s kicuing was some thing marvellous, and Shanahan iu tho centre must bo admitted tho star of contra men aB far as the second division clubs, at any rate, aro concerned. Kenny round about the goal played a fine serviceable game, and whatever ho did was always to his side’s advantage. Tho beBt man for tho yellow and black was, however, Sheehan, who acted as “rover,’’McCubbiu, through accident, being unable to take his usual prominent nart in the game ; and next to Sheehan, Griffin was about the best man on the side. Ward, Grundcn—who had to meet a good man in Hood—Murray, “Jasper” Jones, Brownfield, and little Joo Page, who is only 71st. weight, all helped to maiutain Williamstown’s credit in a spirited game. It was a great treat to sec Fribbs handle the ball in the early part of tho game, but he worked so hard then that ho was fairly knocked up at half-time. 