€ramb0. 1 8 9 4 . Swamped. Cyclorama. Hogmanay. Watchnight. Memorabilia. First footing. Introspection. An anxious Afft. Conscience busy. Disastrous wreck. Napoleon's Ghost. Block 10, 11,144 oz. Solemn perorations. Stools of repentance. Rije in photographs. Watchnight services. A Happy New Year. Wholesale drownings. Royal Tar eails to-day. A time for jollification. Proprietary, 247,991 oz. Circus at Port Adelaide. Souvenir day at Waterloo. No "Crumbs" on Monday. A time for serious reflection. " Old Australia"—Oh ! Miss. A year's march newer the end. Frances Knorr to die the death. Mr. Tomkinson on compromise. The Royal Tar strictly teetotal. Marine excursion to Yanlralilla. Thebarton Races this afternoon. Gillies to be Victoria's Pooh-Bah. A record ride by Hugh Kalyptus. Steamer Alert, with 15 lives, lost. Rotunda concert on Sunday night. A memorable year of memorabilia. People shivering at seaside resorts. " A Gude New Year to ane an' a". Port Adelaide Regatta on Monday. Races at Morphettville on Monday. Races at Morphettville on Mondny. Steamer Alert wrecked off Sorrento. Has this been a memorabiliotu year? Turning over a new leaf on Monday. Barometer at 11 o'clock to-day, 29.80. Watch your gates on New Year's Eva. Kitty GrindJay bo-night's Continentals. Children's day at Fitzgerald's big show. Cricket—Second day of North v. South." More departures for Davy Jones's locker. Continentals to-night and Monday night. Grand day for a ramble through the Hills. To-morrow is the day for good resolutions. Pearls in the snout of the Whits Elephant. Up and down and round the town to-night. Ghost of Napoleon at Waterloo on Monday. Good riddance to a year of disappointments. A good shilling's worth at tbe Continentals. Hugh Kalyptus discourses on the small boy. Mateship is the ruling spirit of the Par* geese. Larrikins looking for some fas to-xiorrow night. ' AVe yon satisfied with your doings for the year ? A very undignified squabble lor ths squab* blists. Australian Eleven letting one another down lightly. New Ideas in Taxation, by Hem. F. W„ Holder. What does Tom Playford know about navigation ? A birthday gift for the great royal grandmother. A shower of pennies to the petit panto* mimists. Men do nothing excellent but by imitation of nature. Industrial Conciliation, by the Hon.O.O. Kingston. Only one left to tell the tale of that awful shipwreck. No reprieves for oold-blooded baby murderers. The elastioity of Australians will become proverbial. Black diamond cutters will •noonmbte tha 3s. 2d. rate. Good dog Leo didn't livs long to wear his 8liver collar. We are getting very near the close of tha century now. i A little wine for the stomach's sake only on the Royal Tar. There have been disMten enough and to Shadow muEet *ill liaiden mfckhhl UfHI of the new year. The Premier (basso) Kingston at the Conti* nentals to-night. Poor Mrs. Knorr. Spaniards and Indians making love to the New Australians. ? Interesting memorabilia of 1893 in this morning's Register. Must the Cabinet System be Changed, by Hon. Dr. Cookburn. " Port Darwin whites afraid that the Chinese will get a few pearls. A practical grace before meat—{daring a penny in a pojr-box. Mr. Duncan Gillies appointed Agent- General for Viotoria. A young lady thinks the Paraguayan erooo* diles harmless. Oh! The waning year is maintaining its bad reputation to the last. How the lawyers will fatten out of that Speight v. Age aotion. t Mr. Carnegie giving princely sums to the distressed in America. The refining influenoe of a godd woman will be a power in Paraguay. There will be scope in New Australia for the intellectuality of woman. Treasurer Dibbs would like to olose the year with money in his pocket. Clerics to have an extra turn of duty tomorrow—Watchnight services. The Incurables holiday last Wednesday. They are capable of enjoyment. Now our members have the leisure to repent will they have the grace to atone ! Mr. Garelle Kent thinks we should pay more attention to our local fisheries. " Colleen Bawn" at the Bijon on Monday night, Mr. J. P. O'Nell taking part. Sydney will boast that it is too refined to hang a woman—not like Melbourne, Sun rose at 4.51 a.m., sets at 7.14 p.m. Moon sets at noon, rises at midnight. The affections of the Paraguayans to the new arrivals must be very embarrassing. The Alert's fires were extinguished by the seawater, and the engines wouldn't work. The Lieutenant-Governor won't keep the Kieks and their audience waiting to-night. "It is with the mind that we amuse ourselves, but with the heart we never weary." Soma people will not be sorry that the visit of i'ne Duke and Duchess of York is not possible. The Crumbman wishes his "20,000" admirers a Happy New Year, and many of them. Neptune was very kind to the Royal Tar on h«.r first voyage, but the old fellow is awfully fickle. "The Forty Thieves"give you more than your money's worth. A superior class of filchers. In^iew Australia "sohoolis to be one long lark." No canes, no detention, no home lesson?. What a flush of pleasure Mr. Tomkinson'a letter will give the " great English statesmen who read it. Reason developed and cultivated will always be the most powerful curb to the passions—eh, Mr. Taylor? Next year the Review of Reviews will contain a series of articles on "The Politioal Drift in Australasia." The ' * Forty Thieves" doing a grand business atthe Theatre Royal, and "Dick Whittington" is delighted at it. Theatre crowded, Circus crowded, other pla-'fcB of amusement patronised freely. Where 1.5 tlie depression? Blunt, Robert, will lose all the new year meetings. The latest odds are that he must support his family. Tbe Iron King of America to work bis mills during the winter months, which will mean £20,0(10 out of his pocket. "Napoleon's Ghost" will appear at the Cyclorama on Monday evening next. 'Our Commandant should eee it. "All great English statesmen have yielded to compromises." That's why Mr. Tomkin«on ceaced to oppose Part XIX. To watch the children boiling over with laughter at the " Fortv Thieves" iB in itself an entertainment for the old folks. Tune ivrny ilie wine cup. Takeaway tlie beer; In fairXew Australia Tlie water in clear, Tlie juice of the orence Is luscious and sweet, And the brewer's a person TMy don't war.* to meet. 