A DOCTOR'S STORY. (From t~e Speaker.) Oncein the course of a medical career of narly fifty years I saved a patient's life. .In other cases I have my doubts; hut in that one I[am certain of it. You'll take another cigarette ? What, no? Then black coffee I The patient was a lady-young, and iot.unpleasing. That gave me an inter 'eet in the case. She lived at Surbiton. Ibad never seen her before I was called in 'for this particular illness; but one .day'her husband came to .my house in Harley-street and wanted me to go down post-haste with him to lookat her. He was .particularly anxious to get a first ratelondon specialist's opinion. They'd had a general practitioner down at their own place, he said, but ,that wasn't enough for him; he distrusted G.P.'a. He insisted upon getting .the very best advicefer.her. A tall.dark man, the husband, with keen deep-ennken eyes. He looked a 8paniard, and might have been Grand Inguisitor. But what struck me most abont him was the queer little fact that, though he expressed the greatest anxiety, and desired to show the deepest affection, I couldn't help feeling it was my opinion he wanted far more than my assistance. He laid great stress upon the point of my ibeing .an .ndoubted authority. What ever ,I thought of the case he woutld know it was right. He didn't care about the disgnoeis of'these suburban doctors; he 'didn't trust their prognosis; butI--if I told him .him his wife would live, he could be sureshe would recover.;and if I told him--well, the worst--Ahy, he knew be must accept it with resignation. <Cambric pcoket-handkerchief.) I went down with him and saw her. ?She was very ill indeed. A .meost pathetic young- woman. She roused,ony keenest sympathy. But it was the .iqdeerest case lever knew in my life. I could make nothing of it. I told the ausband she waaeeriously ill; I doubted Aherrecovery, she had snk so low,;; but I didi't understand it. His eyes hadan itacritable gleam. in them when I told *him that; but he answered ,verj anxiously, '" Can't ,you put a name to.it2 It would be satisfaatory at least to know what it is that's the matter with her;"' "3io, I can't,".I replied. "In th& whole course of my. experience I neverf yet saw anything like it." His face fell a little. Long medical practise .has made me observe the quick ashades .of emotion that pass over faoes.! u ass in.hopes you would have under-i 'tood 'it," he said, very slowly, with a hard ook into my eyes, pointing eaeh, wocd with emphasis. lIt was for that: I went to the beat London authority. £ thought these ordinary suburban men Smight'fai.to make it.outs but that I was suaem of .an opinion from,a great London speoialist. They told meyour forle was diagnosis." Clever.oflhim, I felt at the time, to try thas to work upon my professional pride and my',profeseional susceptibilities. He fancied le could force meeo.or~ ole me in to giving itsa name. That-waesdecidedly sharp of him, -but it overshot-the mark. It gave mae a.first 4ue to therea nature of her illness. Next day, and next egaio, I went down to see my.patient. Money .was no object, the affectionate hulisoesd said often. All be wanted was to be sre his vIear wife had the benefit of .the cery heat medical advice and assist?cnce. The thtird day I was so puzzled i,took ,my apniistont down with me without.steling him why. I sent him in to see her. Who n hecame out Is aid-·to him, 'Well, Har ey, whatdo yousmake of it 1" "I don't make anything of itj" he answeerd. Ican't. It looks to rmeoun-' ique. 1. don't in the least uuderstand it." S" Neither do I," I replied, strolking mny chin. "That's why I brought you t3 see it." We sat and stared at one another in silence for a minute. Tlhan .my assistanti said, very doabiously, "The fact is, Sir Everard, it appears.to me--' "Well; gosn, man ! Out with it !" "Not a case of natural disease at all, but a case of poia;ning." " Precisely my opinion," I answered, giving a start. "I brought you hsere to confirm it." I went into the aidk woman's room again. "I want to ack you one qaos tion," I aid, in as soothinug a voice as possible. "You may thlne it an odd one. Is there anybody who would bene fit in any way by your death 1" She gazed up at me feeblly. "Not a soul,"she answered, "All I have in the world I've left by will t- scar ,4rchie." That settled the question. I felt sure I knew a prescription that would cure her. I went down again to the dining room. The husband was there, sitting uneasily by the window. He looked at me with an anxious face. " Well, I've formed an opinion on the case at last," I said," and so has Dr. HIarvey here; but perhaps it may distress you or annoy you to hear it." He glanced nervously at my assistant; then at me in return. i :had placed my self on purpose so that both our eyes were upon him from every angle. He shuffled in his chair. " Oh, l'm prepared for the worst," he answered, with a sickly smile. "Iknow she.can't recover." "Then do you desire me to give you the honest opinion Ive formed," I asked, i "at the risk of offending youl" "'Yes, I want your opinion," he answered; but his lipsguivered faintly. "It's that that I called you in for." I stared straight into his eyes. I fixed him with mine. He couldn't avoid them without catching Harvey's. "Then my opinion is this," I said slowly and dis tinctly, "that if your wife dies--ou'll be hanged for it." He never moved a muscle on his face; but his colour went with a rush--he was white as ae ghost in a moment. He rose with an effort. " This is a mowaisse ,pltaisanterie," he cried, "at such a time as this! A mauoesaie paisae~ie ie./" (He was more than half French, and his native language came natural to him at these critical moments.) "No pksiea~ neric at all," I answered, very grim," but a simple statement of my medical opinion. Looklhere, Mr. So-and so, we are two; yon are one. Now I give you fair warning. This lady up stairs is being slowly .poisoned. Unless she recovers, we will hold you aenswer able. You wanted the best advice. Well, now you have got it. Don't suenp pose you can deceive one by using a little known poison. I wod?'t let you murder her. Your wife must recover. I have my eye upon you. If anything ever happens to her, now or hereafter, I shall take good care there is full inquiry; and so will Dr. Harvey. I saynnomore than that. And I wish you a very good morning. To-morrow, when I come, I shall expect to see a marked improve ment." And so I did. She was .decidedly better. In three weeks she was well. In a month she was at Harrowgate. I never undeceived her. She loved the creature; and I allowed her to go on loving him. But [I~confesseI was relieved when, four years later, he.providentially broke his wretched seek on the Shreck horn. It unburdened my mind of the responsibility of u-atohing him. In other cses I havemy donubts. But in that one I am con~dent I really saved my patient's life; and I should think you agree with re. 