A FIGHT WITH ALBATROSSES. Captain Harfc, of the steamship Mariposa, sailing between San .Francisco and Aus tralia, was formerly a wealthy young maa, who wont to sea beeauae he loved life on the water. He was asked by a passenger on one of the Mariposa's trips to tell how he came to arJopt a seafaring life, and to relate his most thrilling adventure. Mere is his story : — I was 24 years old when I left college, haviug graduated w«ll up in my class. I had come into possession of the property left to me by my father in that year, and as my mother had also died, and my sister had married, I determined to spend a few years in travel. I went to Europe and South Africa, returning to London in the same year. Clark Russell's sea stories always interested me greatly, and I made up my mind to rous;h it on a trip to Aus tralia ia a clipper ship. I tried to engage a cabin passage in the Josephine, then one of the largest sailing ships afloat ; but old Captain Hardy, whom everybody called 'the bear,' because he was so rough and brusque, refused with many an oath.sayinsr he didn't keep an. hotel, and no man could sail on his ship without signing articles and doing his proper amount of work. Of course I know a ship as well as I knew a house, and I decided to go on the Josephine before the masb, jusb for the fun of it. I saw a twinkle ia the old captain's eve as I signed the usual articles for the voyage to Sydney. He simply remarked, however, ' You're big enough, at any rate, to do your share of the work. I procured a regular outfit, senb my kit on board, and took my place among the crew. I found friends in the forecastle at once, for I assumed no airs, acted just as everybody else did, and studiously minded my own business. In spite of my discretion, though, I made some enemies. One of them was in the same watch with me. His name was Norris, and he claimed to be an English man ; but he spoke with a slightly foreign accent, aud was dark enough to be taken for a Portuguese or a Spaniard. I disliked him from the first, and he evidently had as little regard for me as I had for hiin. He insulted me one day ia the forecastle during our vtafcoh below, and Istruckhim a blow under the ear that put him to sleep very effectually. He was unconscious tor two hours, and I was really afraid that he was done for. He regained consciousness finally, and after that time did not m any way inberf6ro with me. 'When we were aloft sometimes, I could see hioi eyeing me sharply, and was satisfied that he was contemplating some sorb of treachery. I said nothing, but tried ahvajs to keep my eyes in bis direction. We had a fairly good voyage until we struck some ex tremely rough weather oil Cape Horn. For two days we ran under close reefs with the wind abeam, and then the gale became so violent that we had to weather it. On the fourth day of the storm the wind moderated, and Captain Hardy ordered us aloft to shake out the lower reefs. We had resumed our course, and were boomiug along at about ten knots. Although the wind had moderated considerably the sky was a dark grey all round, with clouds or' a deeper hue, almost bluish, ia the south east. It looked to me like more he&vy; weather, and I doubted the wisdom of shaking out any of the reefs. I-Torris and I wereonthemainroyalyard whet! a heavy puff of wind struck the ship and threw her almost upon her beam ends. As I stood on the foot rope, wi^h my arms over the yard, the heavy piece of timber was almost perpendicular, and I had to cling hard with hands and feet to keep from going over. Another lurch came when I was resting my whole weight on the foot rope. The rope suddenly parted, and I felt myself falling. Instinctively I flung out my arras to grasp something, bub my head struck the to'gallant yard, aud over I went into the sea. I remember hearing a cry of 'Man overboard!' from the deck, and must then have become unconscious for a time. I next found myself struggling among the tremendous waves. As I rose upon the crest of each big sea I caught a glimpse cf the ship, and, a3 she was still standing on her course, I knew that I was Isf fc to my fate. I wan net excited in the least by my position. I fully expected to drown, but I made up my mind to fight as long as I could. I was and am a strong swimmer, and I hoped to do able to Keep afloat until I could find some spar or bits of wreckage to sustain me. Meanwhile, I made as little exertion as was necessary, so as to preserve my strength. The water was very cold, and I knew that no man's powers of endurance, however great they raisht be, could be equal to any prolonged struggle with such elements. I expected no relief from the Josephine. A small boat could not have been launched in such a sea, and 1 calculated correctly that Captain Hardy did not put the ship about, because he did not believe that any man could live ror nve minutes among such waves as had been breaking over the ship. I must have been in the watsr an hour, and it was then aboub noon, when I espied a piece of a vessel's hatch about 20 yards away, iu the same trough of the waves in which I was then swimming. I was quickly becoming exhausted, but I made for that little raf b with all mj' remaining strengbh. I was engulphed by the waves a hundred times. Scores of times great seas broke over me aud sent me dowa far below the surface. I managed to struggle to the sur face many times just soon enough to keep from drowning. At last I reached the hatch, grasped a protruding spike, and rested awhile before I had strength enough to raise myself upon the half submerged raft. There was a bit of rope trailing in the water, with which I lashed myself fast to the hatch to keep from being washed off into the sea. I think I must have slept for a time in spite of the cold. At any rate, I remember that the sea became sud denly much calmer, the wind having died away to a simple bre?ze. As night came on a feeling- of indescribable loneliness took possession of me, which was intensi fied when I saw that the albatrosses had sighted me, A man who clings to a spar ia the watei'3 about Cape Horn has more to fear from the giant birds of the air than from the monsters of the deep. The night was a very long one. When I was not dozing I was looking out over the waves ia search of a vessel's lights. None came into view, and the day broke cold and cheerless. When the sun came up I thought I descried land off to the north west. It was only a faint lire, and I was not sure whebher it was land or a bank of clouds. I prayed that it might be land, and I felt more cheerful when I saw that a curreut was carrrying me to the north ward. I was very hungry, and I knew thai if I did not reach land, or was not picked up, I would be at liberty to choose death from either starvation or drowning. I didn'b couut on another danger, which turned out to be srreater even than the others— the birds. Soon after sunrise I saw a number of great albatrosses sailing through the air far overhead. One by oae thty came lower, and I watched them with iutense admiration. Nob once did I see an aluatross flap a wing. They rose high into the air and swooped down low, turning their immense wings from side to side to direct their course, bub never appearing to use the slightest exertion. They were like ships of the air, using their wings as sails, and with a pp.rfect knowledge of tacking, gybing, and the like. They weDt to windward and before the wind with equal facility. In ray ad miration for the great creatures I lost sight of the fact.even if I had realised it, that they were a more serious source of danger than the waves. Nearer and nearer they came, and I could see their cold staring eyes regarding me. with something in their expression that made me shiver. Even then I did not appreciate my danger. One of them swirled past me so close that I was fauned by the air he had disturbed. It was not until another had made a vicious jab at me with his beak as he swooped by that I bsg-an to understand the horrors of my position. I had no weapon but a jack knife, which I opened, and with which I prepared to defend myself. I had been lying down all this time, but I now sat up and made ready for the attack that I felt sure would come. It was not long delayed. First one albatross and then another flew at me, picking at my eyes and face. I slashed right and left with my knife, screaming the while, in the hope of scaring the vicious things away. I must have wounded several, but they came at me again ard again, each time more savagely. Occasionally, in spite of all I could do, one would fasten his bjak into my fle3h, and tear a piece away. My face became fright fully lacerated, and I was soon covered with the blood that flowed from my wounds. I was on the verge of fainting, when I heard a shout near at hand. Turning, I saw a boat closely approaching, manned by a crew of rough-looking nabives. I had been so absorbed ia my fight with the birds that I had not observed how closely to the land I had drifted, and that a boat was c6miug to my rescue. I was taken on board, and was glad to see that the birds had given up the fight. They made a few wide circles around the boat, and then sailed away to the westward. The natives spoke a Spanish dialect, which I could only slightly understand, but from it I gabhered that they were Terra del Fuegans, and that I was being taken ashore. I did not like their looks, and wa3 almost inclined to think that it would have been better to have let myself drown. I was now very weak and ill, and when we landed they had to carry me ashore. I was taken to a hut, where my wounds were dressod by an old woman, who was not at all a bad surgeon, aad after having eaten a little, I was laid upon a mattress, where I slept soundly for several hours. An attack of fever followed, and it was nearly a month before I was able to walk. I must have been well nursed, for there were no medicines there. I had a little money in my belt, all of which I gave to my rescuers, making them understand, however, that I wanted them to take me out to sea every day in a boat until I could hail a ship. They did so, and in a week I had caught a vessel bound for Sydney. Whatever can be said of the Terra del Fuegans by other unfortunate travellers, I must admit that they treated me well. At Sydney I ran, across Norris, who acted &s; if he had seen a ghost, He shivered and shook with fear, and I taxed him with cutting the rope. He admitted it and begged for mercy. I hadn't the heart to kill him. A few nights afterwards he ran amuck while drunk, and I found him ia the act of stabbing an American sailor in a saloon. I experienced a thrill of pleasure in seeing him soundly thrashed. — Australian Journal. — ? ? ? ? 