BitOADBRm'S NKW YOEK LETTER. | The labor question forces itself upon as every hour in the twenty-fcur, for, like Banquo s ghost, it will not go down. Cer tain trader have passed out of the haMs Qf Americans, and at© now in the control of foreigners", thousands of whom cannot speak our language and never expect to; yet whe have been invested with the rights of American citizenship. They have come to this country in swarms more destructive than the locusts of Egypt, and they only know our government to denounce it. From the Bowery to the East River, and from Ea&t; Broadway to Tenth-street, is a a«ghty foreign hive, containing within it aJl the elements of disintegration, revolu tion, and destruction. Here anarchy floats its red flag; here treason spits its venom:' here poverty struggles for life, fighting every hour of the twenty-four, a hard and unequal battle; long hours of killing labor for poor and miserable pay, maira lite a constant torture, to which death in any form seems preferable. Thirty years a go this whole district was America; to-day the English language is hardly spoken. Russian, Polish, Hungarian and German are the only sounds you hear. All the signs are in these languages, and Hebrew is not uncommon. It is the most densely populated district in the United States, and probably one of the most thickly settled districts in the world. East Broadway, which is the southern boundary of this district, forty years ago was one of the most respectable streets in Aew York. Here dwelt the rieh old Quakers who did business in the Swamp j great importers from South and Water-streets; bunkers from Wall-street and brokers from Broad-street, made up the great body of this wealthy and aristocratic society. The Quaker element is strong here. Their meeting-house was in Orchard-street, only a short distance away, and every year, at annual meeting, when the Friends gathered from distant parts, all the doors on East Broadway were open; the host and hostess stood in the door-way, greeting their visitors as they passed along with' a cheerful, "Will thee walk in ?" All that is changed now; that which was' once one of the cleanest and most orderIv streets in this city, is now inhabited by a different class, that New York could well be rid of. In the streets beyond, to the east, for a mile and a half, dirt and' aharchy prevail. We spend two oar three millions in the endeavor to keep our streets clean, but all our efforts are vain in this unsavory bailiwick. In this portion of our city hive the Russian, Polish and Hungarian Jews. . The poor wretches have, been down-trodden and oppressed all their lives, and the govern ment, instead of representing a friend and protector as we understand it in America, it seems to them an accursed tyrant and oppressor, something they must fight, and if they can, destroy. . Among them a clean face or a clean shirt is looked upon with suspicion;' none but a capitalist would indulge in such luxury, and a capitalist is no better than a thief. . All sorts of communistic and revolutionary' societies flourish and thrive here. Joseph Barondess and John Most find here the" great body of their friends. When not fighting outsiders they are generally fight- - ing among themselves. Ten years ag-o the sand lot demagogue, . Denis Kearney, set the whole land aflame' on the Chinese question. The Chinese were going to ruin American labor,'and forthwith a subservient congress, pander-' ing to the most despicable tyranny that ever cursed this land, passed laws excluding Chinese immigration. The Chinaman may not be the most desirable kind of an immigrant, but he is as much superior to the Jewish hordes that are' now - being driven out of Russia, as a cultivated, high-toned. Caucasian is superior to a Hottentot. The Chinese arepeaceable and industrious and as a general average, cleanly. The Russian Jew is the reverse of all this; he is dirty in his person, litigious and quarrel some i11 his disposition; they seem to have the crudest ideas of honor or honesty; they are quite as ready to cheat each other as. they are to fleece the stranger within their gates. In speaking of them I do not refer to them as religionists, but as a class. I have no religious prejudices of any kind that I am aware of. We have here English, Ger man, French, and American Jews by the thousands, that would be an honor to any community; they have subscribed millions of dollars to aid these unfortunate outcasts, but they have been met with ingratitude and abuse till they have almost shut their hands and hearts against- them. An extraordinary scene took place the other morning at Justice Ryan's court at Essex Market. A case was pending of beard pulling. A lot of East side hoodlums and loafers were accused of pulling the long beards of the Jews in the streets, and otherwise maltreating them. The evidence was very conflicting, and it was pretty clear that somebody was committing the rankest kind of perjury. The judge finally lost patience and delivered himself about as follows: "I'm sick of this-you Jews, come here with your complaints and occupy the most of the time of this court. There are other people who have rights as well as you. Complaint after complaint has been made in this court on which, when it came to trial, there was not the slightest scintilla of evidence to support it. I'm heartily tired of this thing, and hereafter Jews will get justice in this court and nothing more. Why, if a policeman goes into your neigh borhood to make an arrest the chances are that he will have his uniform torn from his back, and he is fortunate if he escapes "with his life." They have driven Ameri can men and women oat of the clothing business, for they work for such miserable rates, and live so meanly, that nothing can stand against them. They peddle with push carts, which they fill with anything they think they can selL They buy a lot of damaged crockery, and forthwith will plant- themselves in the street in front of a crockery store, then they mark down their goods to one-half that of the regular traders. The peddling husiness has beeome such an intolerable nuisance, that regular Jewish merchants are complaining bitterly and threaten vengeanoe unless some remedv ia applied. The streets which they inhabit are like no others in New York; they are crowded to the middle with their peddling hand-earts and stands, and are covered with garbage and refuse It is impossible to make them understand the sanitary value of cleanliness, for they seem to be utterly insensible to the vilest smells. One hundred and ninety-eight thousand of them have been landed here in the past few months. What shall we do with them ? Echo answers, what ? Ayer s Pills cure constipation, improve - the appetite, promote digestion, restore healthy action, and regulate every function. This medicine is pleasant to take and gentle in its operation. See Avar's Almanac. RECEIVED The Mutual Shrovideni Messen ger tor December, With this number the Messenger enters upon its second year of issu-. ^ *s 3,1 interesting little publica tion. 