BT THE MAN AnOUT TOW,, o Times are very bad. We none of us know what we may come to. One hears of whilom millionaires who are now earning a precari ous livelihood by cleaning windows and digging front gardens, and of company mongers who have been actually forced, by pressure of circumstances, to gain an honest living by doing something useful. Such in stances are very pathetic, particularly those of the latter kind. When you are constantly hearing of such cases you get inured to anything. Therefore I was not startled speechless when, the other afternoon, coming up Swanston street, I saw Victoria's most milliony millionaire with his nose almost flattened up against a pork butcher's window-quite as near to it, that is, as the brim of his hat would permit gazing musingly at the display of throoe penny pork pies, black puddings and sausages. He stood snitlinr and peering there for a minute or two, wondering, no doubt, what they tasted like. I half expected to see him go in and buy a pie and nibble it as he pur sues his way down the street. I took such compassion on him that I could scarce restrain myself from offering to effect the purchase, if his pride overcame his appetite, and "go halves." However, he contcnte:l himself with the very succulent smell that came from the shop, and tore himself away, to go home to his kangaroo tail soup and Canadian salmon, while I trudged off to eat my humble bread and cheese and bananas. But I shall always claim the opulent Bart. as a follow creature after this. Hitherto I had looked upon a millionaire as something inaccessible and superhuman; but a being with a stomach that hankers after black pudding and nork vies is emPhatically a man and a brother. If I had been a member of Parliament, I don't think I could have voted for Ml r Tren with's minimum wage resolution last week. I don't believe in a minimum wage. I'm a maximum wage man-se maxi mum as you like. I never had any wage yet that was too maximum for me. If my wage is to be" mum ' at all, let it be " mum" in the "max " direction. But I should have liked to have been in the House on Wednes day to have enjoyed by participation that I exquisite joke of Mr Patterson's at which no bodylaughed. After Mr Tronwith had spoken and one or or two more Labor members had said ditto to him, the Premier moved the ad. joarement of the debate " in order that members might have time to consider the t resolution !" The humor of it is rich. The session is all but over. There Isn't a chance r as considerable as the shadow of the ghost of a microbe, of the resolutioncoming up again. t Mr Patterson knew that perfectly well; so he 5 just moved the adjournment to give members time to think it over,in order that they might not vote too hastily. It reminds me of Sir Henry Eawkina's reply to the prisoner who, i after being found guilty, was asked whether he had anything to say as to why sentence should not be passed on him. The rzsal said he should like a little to consider what he had to say. " Oh, certainly," said the distinguished criminal judge, "take plenty of time to consider it - say five years." In one of his poems Lord Byron tells how an Italian lady, when asked by an English. woman to describe the duties of 'a " cavaliere servente," answered, "Madame, I beseech you to suppose them." An English girlof the century professes no such ignorance as that of herfair prototype. In "Girls' Gossip " in "Truth," a letter in which " Madge" com monces by describing a corset, and winds up with a recipe for a curry-the writer gives a tolerably clear idea of the modern " tame cat," as the slang of the day calls the " third in the household," the "tertium" quid" of Rudyard Kipling. One "smart" young married woman admits that she only " keeps on" with Mr So and So because her husband would think her dowdy unless she had some one to run about after her. Another has a tiff with her " cavaliere," and absolutely advertises for another as a private secretary, willing to msko himself generally useful. Th e respondents to her"ad." are neither young enough nor good looking. They don't understand buying bouquets to match dresses, or picking up pet dogs, or acting as courier when travelling, and, above all, they don't understand the art of delicate and in sidious gallantry which in cold climates has a plainer name. "The tamecatsystem,"remarks " Madge," with considerable naivete, " is a curious one, but there is no doubt that it is a recognised institution in certain sets." Well, perhaps it is, but it isn't a very healthy outcome of our boasted civilisation. There is an unmanly ice-water, chocolate cream, scented- oigarette sort of flavor about It that doesn't fit well with older-fashioned ideas. The roue of the Restoration, with his swagger of silk and satin, and his per fumed handkerchief nestling in the hand hilt of his rapier was of a manlier type. He was ready enough to make love to his neighbor's wife, but he was just as ready to unsheath that rapier behind Montague House if the husband made himself obtrusively objection able. The "tame cat" is of different order. Should an ceclandro come he makes off in a borrowed yacht to the Norway fishing; or, should he bloom into a co-respondent and got cast in damages, goes promptly in solvent. He is a poor creature, in many respects a type of an age of sham and stucco, crim-con and chatter, gluttony and gossip a portion of a system for which a lady writer can find no better descriptive term than "curious." The redeeming feature is that in clubs, messes aud smeloking rooms, in the cricket field or on the football ground. men don't think much of him. He is looked upon as a mixture of dude, masher and lady's maid, with a dash of the harem guard thrown in. Even husbands don't seem to-mind him What the woman for whom he trifles awvay his time thinks of him the Sphyox only knows. "I hope the charming example of those costumes to be worn in the comedy of The Amazons won't communicate itself to our womene-folk,"said I to my friend M-r ITen pecked, as we stood peering in a shop win dow at the photograph of Mrs Brough and Miss Graolo Noble, looking bewitching in masculine attire. " It ain't necessary," 1 growled Henpecked. " WVhy, what do you mean?" 1 gasped, "Surely the Toorak girls are not already --- ." "I tell you it ain't necessary," he interrupted; " the women-folk wea'r 'em now, at least mino e do." Poor man. I always said he let Mrs ( II. have her own way too much when they were first married. 