DAVID BALFOUR. A SEQUEL TO KIDNAPPED. BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. all incurs reserved. Chaiter XVI. — The Missing Witness. On tho 17th, tho day I was trysteil with tlio writer, I had much rebellion against futo. The thought of him waiting in the King's Anns, and of what' he should think, nnd whnt lie would any wbcn.wo next met, tormented and oppressed me. The truth was unbelievable, so much I bad to grant, nnd it seemed oruel hard I should bo posted ns a liar and a coward, and have never consciously omitted what it was possible that I should do. I repoatcd this form of words with a kind of bitter relish, and re-examined in that light the steps of my behavior. It seems I have behaved to James Stewart as a brother might ; alt the past was a picture that I could bo proud of, and there was only tlio present to consider. I could not swim tho sea, nor yet fly in tlio air, but there was always Andie. I had done him a service, ho liked mo ; I had a lever there to work on ; if it wore just for decency, I must try once moro with Andie. It was lato aftornoon ; tiierc was no sound in all tho Bass but tne lap nnd bubblo of a quiet sea; and my four conpanions were all crept apart, the four Macgregors higher on the rock, and Audio with his biblo to a sunny place among the ruins ; there I found him in deep Bleep, and, as soon ns he was awake, appealod to him with some fervor of manner and a good show of argu ment. " It I thought it was to do guid to ye, Shaws !" said he, staring at me over his spectacles. "It's to savo another," said I, "and to redeem my word. What would be moro good than that? Do yo 110 rnir.d the scripture, Andie ? And you with tho book upon your lap I What shall it profit a man if he gain the whoie world V "Ay," said he, "that's grand for you. Bat where do I come in ? I have my word to redeem tho same's yourscl. And what are ye asking me to do hut just to sell it yo for siller?" "Andie, have I named the naino of siller?" oricil I. "Ou, tho nemo's n&olhing;," said lie; "the thing is there, whntover. It just comes to this; if I am to service yo the way that you propose, I'll loose my liflibood. Then it's clear yo'll have to make it up to mc, and a pickle mnir, for your ain credit like. And what's t hat but just a bribe? And if ever I was certain of tho bribe I But by a' that I can learn, it's far frao that ; and if yon woro to hang, where would / be? No, tho thing's no possiblo. And just awn' wi' jfo imu n uvuujr i»uf uuu iuk uuio tcuu uia ohapter." I remember I was at bottom a good deal gratified with this result, and tlio next humor I fell into was ono (I had never said) of gratitude to l'restongrango, who had saved mo in this violent, illegal manner, out of tho midst of my dangers, temptations and perplexities. But this was both too flimsy and too cowardly to last mc long, and tho rcmemliranco of James began to succeed to tlio possession of my spirits. Tho 21st, tho day sot for the trial, I passed in such misery of mind as I can scarcely recall to liavo endured, savo perhaps upon Isle Kauaid only. Much of tho timo I lay on a hracside betwixt sleep and waking, my body motionless, my mind full of violcut thoughts. Some-times I sleep indeed, bnt tho courthouse of Invcrary and the prisoner glancing on nil sides to find his missing witness followed 1110 in slumber, nnd I would wake again with a start to darkness of spirit and distress of body. I thought Andie seemed to obsorvome, but I paid iiitn little hoeil. Verily my bread was bitter to mo and my days a burthcrii. Early the next morning (Friday, 22nd) a heat came witli provisions, and Andie placed a packet in my hand. The cover was without address, but scaled with n Government seal. It enclosed two notes. "Mr. Balfour can now ace for him self it is too late to meddle. His conduct will bo observed, and his discrcation rewarded." Ho ran tho first, which seemed to lie laboriously writ witli the loft hand. There was certainly nothing in these expressions to compromise the writor, oven if that person could he found. Tho seal, which formidably served instead of signature, was affixed to a separata siiect, on wliioh tlicro.wns 110 soratch of writing, and I had to confess that (so far) my adversaries knew what thoy wero doing, and to digest as well as I was ablo tho treat that peoped under the promise. But the second cnclosuro was by far tlio more surprising. It was in n lady's band of writ. ' Sinister Davit Balfour is informed a friend was spoiring for bim, nnd her eyes were of tlio grey," it ran and seemed so extraordinary a pioco to oomo to my hands at such a moment and under cover of the Goveanment seal that I stood stupid. Calrlona's grey eyoi shone in my remembrance. I thought, with a bound of pleasure, that she must bo tho friend. But who should the writer bo to havo her billet thus euolosed with Frestongrange'a ? And of all wonders, why was it (bought needful to give mo this pleasing but most inconsequential intelligence upon tbe Bass ? For tho writer I could hit upon none possiblo except Miss Grant. Her family, I remember, had remarked on Catriona'a eyes and ever nnmed ber for their oolor ; and she herself had been muoh in tbe habit to address me with a broad pronunciation, by way of a sniff, I supposed, at my rnstlolty. No doubt, besides, but she lived In tbo same house as this letter oamo from. So there remained but ono step to be ocoountcd lor ; and that was how . Prestongrange should havo permitted her at all in an affair so seorot, or let her daft liko billet go la tho same caver with Ins own. But eveu bore I bad a glimmering. For, first of all, tbcro was something lather alarming about the young lady, and papa might be more under her domination than I knew. And, second, there was tho mau's continual polioy to be remem bered, how his conduot had been continually mingled with caresses, and bo had scaico even, in the midst of so much contention, laid aside a mask of friendship. He must conceive that my imprisonment had incensed me. Pcrhnpu this little jesting, friendly message was intended to disarm my rancor. I will bo honost— and I think it. I foil a sudden warmth towards that beautiful Miss Grant, that she should staon to so much interest in my affairs. The summing up of Catriona moved me of itself to milder and more cowardly counsels. If tho Advocate know of her and of our acquaintar.ee — if I should pleaec hiln by some of that "discretion" at wbicli his letter pointed — to what might not this lead? "In vain is tho net spread in the sight of ar.y fowl," tho scripture says. Well, fowls must bo wiBer thnn folk ! For I thought I perceived the polioy, and yet fell in witli it. I was in this frame, my heart beating, the grey eyes plain bufore me like two stars, when Audie broke in upon my musing. " I see yo hao gotten gnid news," said he. I found him looking curiously in my face ; with that there came before me liko n vision of James Stewart and the Court of Inverary j and my miud turned at once upon its hinges like a door. Trials, I reflected, sometimes draw out longer than is looked for. Even if I camo to Inverary just too late, something might yet bo attempted in the interests of jnmos— and in those of my own charnoter, the best would be necompiisncii. ill n moment— it socmen wituour thought — I hail a plan daviscd. "Audie," said I, "is it still to bo to morrow?" He told me nothing was changed. "Was anything said about the hour-?-"- I asked. . . He told me it was to bo two o'ciock. after- noon. f ' " An' about the place?" I pursued. / I i\ 11 1 "Whattcn place?" says Andiel I ijUw "The place I'm to be lauded ohT.fiaid I. He owned there was nothing aB toTkgi.--. . . "Very well, then," I said, " thwjtfijaH7ES mine to arrange. The wind is in the' esAjdnjU road lies westward ; keep your boat, I hire it. Let us work up the Forth all day, and land mo at two o'clock to-morrow at the westmost we'll can liavo reached." " Ye daft callant, " he cried, "ye would try for Inverary after a'." "Just that, Audio, "says I. " Wccl, ye'ro ill to beat !" says he. "And I was kind o' sorry for ye a' day yesterday," lie added. " Yo soe, I was never entirely suro till then which way of it yo really wantit." Here was a spur to a lame hurse 1 " A word in your ear, Audio," said I. " This plan of mino has another advantago yet. We can leave these Hielandmen behind us on the rock, and one of your bonts from the Castleton can bring them oil to-morrow. Yon Neil has a qunr eye when he regards you ; maybe, if I wns once out of the gate there might be knives again ; these red shanks arc unco grudgeful. And if there come to be any question, here is your excuse. Our lives were in danger by these savnges ; being answerable for my safety, you cbose the part to bring me from their neighbor hood and detain me the rest of the time on board your boat, and do yon know, Andie," says I, with a smile, "I think it was very wisely chosen. " "The truth is I have nac goo for Neil," says Andie, "nor he for me I'm thinking; and I would like ill to come to my hands wi' the man. Tarn Austen will mnke a better hand of it with the cattle onvway." (For this man Austen oame fiom Fife, whero tho Gaelio is still Bpoken). "Ay, ay!" says Andie, "Tam'U can deal with them the best. And troth ! the mairl think of it, the loss I see what way wo would be required. The place— ay feggs 1 they lind forgot the place. Sh, Shows, ye're a lang haided cliield when ye like ! Forby that I'm owing ye my life," he added, with more solemnity, and offered mo his hnnd upon the bargain. Whereupon, with scarce more words, we stepped suddenly on tho boat, cast off and set the lug. The Gregara woro then busy upon breakfast, for the cookery was their usual part ; uuv one or ruem stepping to tue cattlemen ta, our flight was observed before we were 20 fathoms from the rock ; and tho three of them ran about tho ruins and the landing shelf, for all the world, like ants about a broken neat, bailing and crying on us to return. We were still in both the leo and tbo shadow of the rock, whiolt last lay broad upon the waters, but presently came forth in almost the same moment into the wind and sunshino, the sail filled, the boat heeled to the gunwale, nnd we swept imme diately beyond sound of tho men's voices. To what terrors they endured upon the rook, where they were now deserted without the countenance of any civilised person or so much as the protec tion of a Bible, no limit can be set ; nor had they any brandy left to bo their consolation, for even in the haste and secrecy of our departure Andie had managed to remove it. It was our first care to set Austen ashore in a cove by the ' Glcntei thy Itocks, so that the de liverance of our maroons might be duly seen to the next day ; thence we kept away up the Firth. The breeze, wliioh wns then so spirited, Bwiftly declined, but never wholly failed us. Ail day we kept moving, though often not much more; and it was after dark ore we were up with the Queensforry. To keep the letter of Andie's engagement (or what wns left of it) I muat re main on board, but I thought no barm to com municate with the shore in writing. On Prestongrango's cover, whero the Government seal muat liavo a good deal surprised my corres pondent, I write by the boat's lantern a few nooossary words, and Andie carried them to Kankciller. In about an hour ho came aboard again, with n purse of monoy and the assurance that a good horso should be standing saddled for mo oy <s co-morrow at uioonmnnnon i'ool. This done, and the boat riding by her stone anohor, wo lay down to sleep under the sail. Wo wero in the Pool the next day long ero 2 ; and there was nothing left for me but sit and wait. I felt little alacrity upon my orrand. I would have been glad of any possible excuse to lay it down ; but none boing to bo found, my uneasiness was no less great than if I had been running to some desired plcnsnro. But shortly after 1 the horse was at tho waterside, and I oould see a man walking it to and fro till I should land, which vastly swelled my impatience. Andie ran the moment of my liberation vory fine, showing himself a man of his bare word, but scarce serving his omployors with, a heaped measure ; and by about 50 seconds after 2 I was in tho saddle and on the full strotoh for Stirling. In a little mora than an hour I had passed that town, and was already mounting Alan Water side, when the weather broke in a small tempest. The rain blinded mo, tho wind' had nearly boat mo from the saddle, and tho first darkness of tho night surprised mo in a wilderness still somo way cast of Balwhiddor, not vory suro of my direction, and mounted on n horse that began already to bo weary. In tho press of my hurry, and to be spared the delay and annoyance of a guide, I had fol lowed (so for as it wns possible for any horseman) tho lino of my journoy with Alan. This I did with open oyes, foreseeing a great risk in it, which the tempest had now brought toarcality. Tlia last that I knew of whore I was, I think it must have been about Unm Vnr; tho hour perhaps 6 at night, I must still think it groat good fortune that I got about 11 to my destin ation, the house ot Dunoan Dhu. Where I had wandered in tho interval perhaps the horse oould tell. I know we were twico down, and once over the saddle and for a moment carried away in a touting burn. Stood and rider were bemired up to tho eyes. From Duncan I had news of tho trial. It was followed in all these Highland regions with religious interest ; news of it spread from Inver ary ns swift as men could travol ; and I was re joiced to learn that up to a late hour that Satur day it was not yetconoliidcd ; and all men began to suppose it must spread over to tho Monday. Under the spur of this intelligence I would not sit to eat ; but, Dunoan having agreed to be my guide, took the road again on foot, with tho piece in my hand and munching as I went. Dun oan brought with him a flask ot usquebaugh and a baud lantern ; which lost enlightened us just so long as we could find houses whero to rekindle it, for the thing leaked outrageously and blow out with every guBt. Tho most part of the night we walked blindfold among sheets of rain, and day found us aimless on the mountains. Hard by we found a hut on a burn side where we got a bito and a direction ; and, a little before tho end of the sermon, came to tho kirk doors of In verary. The rain had somewhat washed tho upper parts of me, but I wns still bogged a3 high as t tho kneos ; I streamed water ; I was so weary I could haidly limp and my faco was like a ghost's. I stood certainly mora in need of a change of raiment and a bed to lie on than of all the benefits in Christianity. For all wliioh luoutg pursunuca cue oniei pome tor me was to make myself immediately public) I set the door open, entered the church with the dirty Duncan at my tails, and finding a vacant place hard by, sat down. -"Thirteenthly, my brethren, and my pnrcn- .thefis/Hlm law itself must be regarded as a means<af graoc," the minister was saying in the voice of%ne ilelighting to pursue an argument, li ffbe se'tiqpn was in French on account of tho i tuKlxd. Tho I judges were present with their armed .ttcwlants, the halberts glittered inn -corner, tile door, and tho scats wero thronged beyqnjLhbstom witli the array of lawyers. The ;tct>1was in Romans 5th and 13th — a minister A skilled hand ; and the whole of the ablo ohuroh- ful — from Argyle, and my Lords Elohics and Kil- korran, down to the lialbortmen that camo in their attendance— was sunk with gathered brows inaprofoundcriticalattcntion. The minister him self and a spiinkling of those about tho door observed our entrance at the moment and im mediately forgot the same ; the rest cither did not hear or would not heed ; and I sat there amongst my friends and enemies unromarked. The first that I singled out was Prostongrange. He sat well forward, liko an eager horseman in the snddle, his lips moved witli relish, bis oyes glued on the minister ; tho doctrine was clearly to liis mind. Charles Stewart, on the other hand, was half asleep and looked harassed and pale. As for Symon Frascr, ho appeared liko a blot, and almost a scandal, in the midBt of that attentive congregation, digging his bands in bis pockets, shifting his legs, clearing his throat, rolling up his bald eyebrows and shooting out his eyes to right and left, now with a yawn, now with a secret smile. At times, too, lie would take the Bible in front of him, run it through, seem to read it a bit, run it through again, and Btop and yawn prodigously ; the whole as if for exorcise. In the course of this restlessness his eye alighted on myself. He sat a sceond stupifiod, then tore a bnlf leaf out of tho Bible, scrawled upon it with a peuoil, and passed it with a whispered word to his next neighbor. Tho note oame to rrestongrango, who gavo it but the one look ; thence it voyaged to the hands of Mr. Erskine; thence again to Argyle, whore he sat between the other two lords of session, and his grape turned and fixed mo with an arrogant eye. Tho last of those interested to observe my presence wbb Charles Stewart, and he too began to pencil and baud about despatches, none of which I was able to trace to their destination in the crowd. But the pnssago of those notos hail aroused notice ; all who wero in the secret (or supposed themselves to be so) wero whispering informa tion—the reBt questions ; and tho minister him- self seemed quite discountenanced by tho fluttor in tho church and sudden stir and whispering. His voice changed, he plainly faltered, nor did he again recover tho easy conviction and full tones of his delivery. It would bo a puzzle to him till his dying day, why a sermon that had gone with triumph through four parts should thus miscarry on the fifth. As for me, I continued to sit there, very wot and wooty, and a good deal anxious as to what should happen next, but greatly exulting in my success. (to be continued.) 