The Doctor's Step-daughters. Bv C. Stafford. CHAPTER I.—LOVE'S COMPLICATION'S. HEN", my dear Tina, all I bave to say is this: under the circumstances, it is time you provided for yourself, and if you will not do so by marrying old Clinton, you must find some other way of getting a home of your own." " A home ? I hare a home!" " Indeed! Where ? " Herbertina West's grey eyes opened . vide with the question. Was her stepfather gone mad ? " Why, here in my mother's house." she said. Dr. Morris was a small man with a .freshcolour, thick, rather curling brown haii-, dapper professional air, and slow, distinct way of speaking. Tina w;is a tall girl, so that her eyes and those of her stepfather as he came forward, stooping slightly with his pincc-ncz dangling from his rather knuckly little hand, were on a level, and had she answered his gaze, she might have seen in it a twinkle of fun somewhat contradicting the words he let fall one by one with the "choppy" distinctness (as one of his five step-daughters termed it) peculiar to him. " A house cannot belong to one who no longer exists," went on the doctor. " Practically, this house never did belong to your mother, nor to me. for the matter of that, till seven years after her death. When she and I married. I understood it belonged to her; but in reality, the house, the house furniture— even the ^ood-will of your father's practice—were mortgaged to such an extent, that it took me till long after your poor mother's death to free the place from debt. Tour father had managed to bring matters into this delightful imbroglio before he married your mother ; and the only real possessions your mother ever had in this house were her two husbands and her five girls." The laugh in the doctor's eyes came a little more to the surface as he went on : " She bequeathed her five girls to me, her second husband. A bequest surely means possession, and possession means —well, at least, the power to advise." Tina's face was crimson. Her long, dark lashes which, in company with tlie eyes they were helping to veii, were the chief beauty of her small, peaked face, were suddenly lifted, and she looked half-indignantly, half-wistfully at her young step-father. All kinds of unpleasant feelings had visited her as she listened. The truths just mentioned to her by the doctor were not altogether new to her. She had been old enough at the tiine of her mother's second marriage to catch up, and be hurt by, scraps of conversation among servants and certain of her mother's lady friends. She remembered, too, Low much better life had been for herself and her sisters after the young doctor appeared on the scene and her pother had figured as Mrs. Morris, instead of as Mrs. West. Never before, however, had the ghost of a hint of this Beamy side of the life which Dr. Morris and his step-daughters had spent together for thirteen years dropped from him, and she was thoroughly puzzled by bis present mood. Looking at him, her cheeks lost their sudden rush of colour, and her little fair face gradually sunned itself over with the expression of camaraderie which years of half- fatherly, half-brotherly friendliness had taught the little doctor's step-daughter to wear to him. " I did allow you to advise me," she said, smiling, in spite of herself, at the half-teasing, half-earnest manner he had quietened down to. " I only refused to take the advice,and any girl over twenty-one, let her circumstances be •what they may, should be considered free to refuse anything so unsuitable. Why, the very term you used just now an speaking of Mr. Clinton shows the unsuitablcriess. Tou called him 'Old Clinton,'" she finished. Dr. Morris swung round on his heel, his frock-coat flying out at a tangent in company with the pince-nee, which he still held dangling between finger and thumb, and laughed heartily. "Confound it, Tina, I used th e adjective as MI expression of affection, don't yon know^ Of course, a man of thirty-eight isn't in his first youth—he isn't raw exactly; but Clinton is as sound as a bell. I am speaking professionally, you understand. I sounded him a month ago for an Assurance Company, and I can tell his life is a lot safer than that of many a lad of twenty-two or three, who may have all sorts of seeds of disease lurking about him ready to declare themselves in a year or two." ' What a way of looking at it! " said Tina, with a disgusted air, walking away to a window, and staring down into the street of the quaint, country town. Dr. Morris dropped his pince-nez, and m a moment of forgetfulness of professional dignity, stuffed his hands into liistrouserpockets. " Look here," said he, regarding resentfully the wisp of a slender figure at the window; " when it suits you to do so. you speak of my thirty-nine years with the utmost disrespect." "You're different." said Tina, without looking round. " You're not bald, and you ve not got a front tooth out. "I've six false ones," unblushingly confessed the doctor. " Weij. you're not wanting to marry somebody of my age,"' said Tina. The doctor bit his lip for a second, then cooily remarVed, •'• Yes, t^m." Tina turned -ccsd. her hands falling frc.tix their playing with tl-.e blind-tassel, and each clutching a small handful of the long, straight folds of Ler pretty dress. The doctor strode across and placed her a chair. Tinasat down in it—she wasn't able to do anything else—and shyly looked up into his face. The doctor's fresh colour became feveu fresher in line. " I am presently, jire-sent-ly," he added.reassnringly. with, a downward glance at Tina's upturned face, "to marry Miss Ada Lavington, Banker Lavington's eldest daughter." Tina sank back in the chair with a muffled little " Ob, dear !" then sat suddenly Hp again, with a quick flash of temper, " Oh, I do so dislike her," she said. " I.know you do, my dear." said the doctor, cheerily and calmly, using much the tone in which he might casually have mentioned that the wind was in the north-east; " therefore, there are complications in what would otherwise have been simplicity itself." "Jack, Jack, coom along t' chuch, t' chuch!" interrupted a strident voice. The sound came from the direction of a second window in the drawing-room ; the window overlooked a garden, and was supplied with a balcony, on the rail of wiuchjiung a Eiste r ~ c ?-o e ' The 1 jage ought to lure contained a jackdaw, but did not. as the jackdaw was coming with a hop and three strides alternately across the drawing-room carpet towards Tina, bringing each three strides to a neat finish with the pertinent remark, "Jack, Jack, coom along t' chuch, t' chuch!" "Jack, you bad bird ! you've opened that cage-door again." Tina held her hand out invitingly to the sleek, long, beaked creature, then, as the undertaker-looking object reached her side, she bent forward and what she called "pulled his hair,"—that is, the silken, unfeatherlike plumage at the top of the jackdaw's head. The doctor looked on with uneasiness depicted on his countenance; he was making a mental calculation as to how long it would be before the " fiend in feathers," as he called it, attacked his boots. Between these articles of attire and the jackdaw there were permanent hostilities. " It seemed to me," he began again, with a dry cough, "that the proposal of dear old Clinton was a special interposition of Providence, since Miss Lav. mgton declares she will be glad to share my efforts to make my younger stepchildren happy, but that she has no hope of succeeding in anything of the kind with you." " I see," said Tina.it must be confessed, a little viciously; " she proposes to get away from her own step-mother by becoming one herself." The doctor's mouth twitched comically at the corners. "No, I proposed it," he said, strategically compounding with "Jack"foran attack just about to be commenced on his boots, by pitching the bird a sixpence, whereupon Jack flew, with his prize, to the lap of his mistress, and there, standing in the centre of her spread-out pocket-handkerchief, proceeded to display how much a living jackdaw can look like a dead, stuffed one, when the part is taken by a bird of talent. " Why, Ada Lavington, when her father married again, went about everywhere saying how horrid it waa of Mrs. Fairleigh to conscnt to become the stepmother of grown-up step- daughters," broke out Tina again, with a fresh outburst of indignation. " Did she ? " said the doctor. " It is always possible to change one's opinion, and Miss Lavington's relations with her stepmother have proved so satisfactory, that it must have been most encouraging, most encouraging" The little doctor's tone was haiffaeetious, but there was a hurt look on his face, and the next instant his clean shaven lips tightened, in a way which argued that he had not quite done with Tina; "I think I may say," he began again, accordingly, "that Miss Lavmgton views the right or wrong acceptance of my suit more with regard to her happiness and mine than to her position as the wife of a step-father." Tina received the shot in a vulnerable part. " Oh, this is dreadful," she said, "I see it is different. Ob, we must all go away." She had just balanced Jack's sixpence on the top of his head, and now, excited to emulation by the slight raising of her voice, he, with that ungraceful conversational action peculiar to jackdaws, pumped out of himself, as it were, the words: " Go away, go 'long." The jerking of the head downward sent the sixpence rolling across the room, and the doctor, who was of an orderly turn of mind, went in pursuit of " No, you are not all to go away," he answered, meaningly, as he returned, pocketing the sixpence as he came, in spite of the longing in Jack's acquisitive, stony eye. " But this conversation has given me no reason to alter my previous idea., that either by marrying Clinton—I don't know why he's fool enough to want you—or by some other means, it would be desirable for you, under the circumstances of my approaching marriage, to make a start in life for yourself." Tina sprang to her feet, sending the unprepared jackdaw, with cut .win^s outspread, headlong to tlie floor, a strong instinct of self-preservation causing him to retire hurriedly, cawing as he went, to the empty cage. Dr. Morris followed the bird across the carpet, shut the window it passed etlrough with a bang, and then faced round again. "Tina," he said,upon ray. word, I feel ready to knock myself <lo«vn for saying it to yoa, but I've nc one to say it for me, and you must see that there's no reason in life why a man of thirty-nine (the rest of the world doesn't, like you, look on a man of that age as on the verge of decrepitude] should devote himself quite to the end of his life solely to five big girls for whom he has already done all he can. Your four sisters, I am quite sure, will r 11b along well enough with the lady fcc whom I propose giving a portion of my regard ; but you, I foresee, will not." " You and she, then, only want me ouf of the way," said Tina,panting for breath in the little gust of temper which foi the moment took possession of her. " Well, I will not marry Mr. Clinton to oblige that girL" " You will not marry Mr. Clinton; I will see you do not," said the doctor, white in his turn. "The poor fellow must be blind to want to share the rest of his days with an undisciplined, big child like you." Tina broke down; she was even now beginning to be ashamed of herself. With a panting sob, tears rained down behind the two small hands she raised to hide them. There was et rap at the door, and when Tina bent down, as if to look for a piece of music, in reality to hide her streaming face, a servant came in. j " Please, sir, there's a gratis-patient in the consulting-room, and the assistant isn't back yet." The doctor strode out and shut the door after him. CHAPTER II.—TINA'S TROUBLES. " I had no idea, I tell you." Tina, when she made this statement, was sitting with, if the trutli must be told, her face fearfully unpresentable from past crying, at a little afternoon tea-table, pouring out tea. She was handing a cup of tea to Frances, the eldest of her four tall, slim sisters, the whole of whom were sitting here and there about an upper room, specially their own,to which they had had their tea sent, in consideration of the privacy needed for Tina's swollen face, and the importance of the matters to be talked over. The West girls were astonishingly like each other, all the same tall, slight, prettily-featured,big-eyed creatures, one a little thinner, one a little taller, one younger, and one older and firmerlooking somehow. Frances was the one firmer-looking. " It was very idiotic of you not to have an idea," she answered, with sisterly frankness and some doubt of her sister's sincerity. You are the only one of us who hadn't, unless 'Chinee' is excepted," she added, with a bright smile towards the youngest, whose abnormally thick and lq»g taU of liair lot yet turned up) had earned for hot that sobriquet. " 1 knew that Mr. Clinton cared for Tina," that youns lady quietly returned, looking steadfastly at her elder relative's blurred countenance. But I didn't know the doctor cared for that nice Miss Lavington. I never thought of his liking anybody but us." "It's disgusting," was Tina's answer. "No, it isn't, but it's disturbing," corrected Frances, who was the philosopher of the family. " Cream-muslin, with maize-colour, is the fashionable thing for bridesmaids' dresses," hazarded tali Bangles, staring across the room with a speculative and somewhat covetous air; "and it docs afterwards for garden-parties." "You can have that for the other wedding," said Tina, with affected bitterness. "I am not to be offered up at the altar of Miss Lavington's convenience, or at any other altar." A shrill " ke-ake " struck on every body's ears from somewhere below, and a smile, for the first time since the conversation in the drawina-room, gleamed across Tina's—not at this moment particularly charming—features. "That bird is loose again somewhere," she observed, as if she expected the circum stance to give general pleasure ; " he must have heard the jingle of the spoons and things. He's wanting his o>ike—PI1 go for him." And she ran downstairs. Before leaving the room to weep in greater seclusion, Tina had reopened the window which the doctor had shut; and Jack, in consequence, was now perched on the back of a chair, mentioning his wants to his own sympathetic ears. A few minutes later, with Jack in her arms, confined to the more limited space of his wicker cage, Tina was crossing from the drawing-room to the foot of tlie stairs again. Suddenly she heard some one let in at the street door; a familiar step in the hall below, and as familiar a voice saying: "Hullo, there you arc! How are you, old fellow ? I just looked in, incase you were prevented from turning up at the Lavingtons to-night, to put you in mind of that County Council meeting. Thought over that suggestion of Squire Holton's, eh'? " Involuntarily she looked for a second over the balustrade, just in time to see two hands grasp each other heartily, and a tall, broad-shouldered man, with heavy dark moustache, pass across the door-mat of the consulting-room, on the threshold of which her stop-father stood. The door shut them in, and she mounted the stairs, heralded all the way by Jack's demand for " ke-ake." " Ec has just come in," she informed the tea-driukers, while depositing tlie cage conveniently for Jack's being able to see the passers-by in the street below, and to choose those he deemed suitable for his adjuring to "coom along" or " go'long' —that is, errand-boys or any boy in working clothes, corduroys being the key-note of a really enthusiastic outburst of invitation. "He gave you Jack," somewhat irrelevantly remarked the Chinee ; " he said there was no one to care for Jack after his mother died, and would you be the bird's mistress ? " "Well?" said Tina. Frances's mouth puckered into a smile. " Chinee," she said, reprovingly, " you are too sharp for anything. But I know what Chinee means," she owned, handsomely, with a wave of her hand! " You say you had not the slightest idea that Mr. Clinton would ever think of you. If you had looked at him on the occasion of which Chinee speaks you would have had one. If only you had looked at his face as he spoke, you would have understood. But that is the curious thing,"she went on; "you hardly ever do look at anybody when they are speaking to you. You open your eyes innocently wide (Frances gave a very successful illustration with her own large grey ones), and stare straight past them. Perhaps you are devoting your undivided attention to the composing of an answer." There can he no doubt that Tina was looking at this particular speaker by the time this point was reached. Perhaps a more nervous lecturer than Frances might have wished it otherwise. " I do look at people," Tina asserted, vaguely. " Oh, yes, perhaps, OQCC in a conversation," returned Frances, nothing daunted. " You will look deep into the other person's eyes as if you would read their very soul, "but you don't read it, you know." She finished with brisk emphasis. "There! look at her now," she added, in reference to the fact that Tina had already drifted into the habit of which mention was being made, her gaze travelling dreamily past Frances's shoulder, the poise of the small head giving the fair, little face a rapt, saintly expression most becoming, but most unreliable as giving an index to Tina's mood. "I know," went on Frances, throwing an appealing glance rounci, " that she is probably thinking of what I am saying; but I defy her, while she Is watching thai bluebottle on the window-pane, to set the expression of face with which I am saying it, and people often say one thing with their tongue while they say another with their eyes." " Well, they should not." Tina disposed of the information without troubling to ascertain whether in this particular instance Frances's voice was saying one thing and her aspect another. " Tea!" broke in Celestine, otherwise Excelsior, who was sitting at the othei side of the room, with her bronze shoes, rather too much en evidence, crossed daintily, her dress-skirt somehow dragged tightly round the shapely ancles appearing above the preposterously highheeled shoes—" tea. Half a cup, and don't put in two lumps of sugar. Frank goes to the other extreme," she added, consolingly, as Bangles, who had taken Tina's p'ace at the table, filled the cup. " Frank hardly ever believes a word people say with their tongues. It would be a relief toiler, I should think, to live in a deaf and dumb asylum. She listens with her eyes." " What a shower!" interrupted Tina, as a quick patter of summer rain, coming through a haze of tender, golden light, aroused the apprehension of hei friend the bluebottle, who was now meandering undecidedly across a higher pane of the window. To BE CoXTIXUEIi President Lincoln said once that the best story he had ever read in the papers of himself was this :— Two Quakeresses were travelling on a railroad, and were heard discussing the probable termination of the war. " I think," said the first, " that Jefferson will succeed." " Why does thee think so?" asked the other. " Because Jefferson is a praying man." " And so is Abraham a praying man," objected the second. " Yes, but the Lord will think Abraham is joking," the first replied. A clerk, who was also a schoolmaster, being called on to give a toast produced this sentiment: " Addition to the friends of Old England, subtraction to her wants, multilication to her blessings, division among er foes, and reduction of her debts ana E • ** * - - =— - [COPYRIGHT.^ 