ORANGE PEELINGS. [Gathered by Our Correspondent.] Orange, Tuesday. East Orange is agitating, for a ^ separate parlimentary electorate. I should have said Mayor Stabback asked a few of the aldermen. I do not know what aro the claims of that place for a separate electorate, except its primitive streets, unformed footpaths ; and lastly let me state the Municipality has neither gas nor water. The streets are dark as Erebus at nighttime. Until we get a more go-a-head type of aldermen than the present molly-coddles, the Bor ough has not the ghost of a show of having a parliamentary representative. I was quite right in my surmises that Dr. Goode did not voice the sentiments of the parishioners of Holy Trinity Church, when he made an onslaught on Dr. Camidge, Bishop of Bathurst. Seve ral prominentparishioners have decided to call a public meeting to reseDtthe attack on the Bishop by the medico. I under stand resolutions will be proposed en dorsing the views of the Bishop about a change in the Incumbency being desira ble. Those who will take part in' the meeting are old residents of Orange, and men having stations in the town. In to-night's local papers appears a dignified reply from Dr. Camidge to the Incumbent's letters. Tho Bishop does not mince matters about Mr. Dunstan, and the best thing after the Bishop's letter is for the Incumbent to retire from the controversy before it is too late. Mr. J. S. Leeds, our local auctioneer, in the Advocate tears to shreds tho financial statement submitted at the ad journed Easter meeting of Trinity Church. He shows that it is by no means as satisfactory as tho Incumbent and Dr. Goode would lead the public to believe. He gives the me dico some very severe home thrusts and the Incumbent comes in for a severe castigation. The letter is trenchant and to tho point, bristling here and there with keen satire, whilst it pokes fun at Dr. Goode for the peculiar verbiage contained in his letter. Mr. Leeds caps the climax by writing some 14 letters after his signatere which, I have been told, is a sort of counterblast to a pro fessional man hero who is rather fond of emblazoning the letters of his calling after his name whenever 1*0 appears in print. Mr. Leeds says he might as well have a cheap advertisement as any body else, but as to tho letters after his name I -am at a loss to find out their meaning. I will call round to-morrow and seo Mr. Leeds, if ho is not too busy wielding the ghammer, and havo an explanation from him about those mysterious letters, y Jack Phillips, at Dalton Bros.', broke his right leg on Saturday night by accidentally falling on a footpath in East Orange. Some of our very roligious people are going to teach the Chinese English, as a preliminary to spreading tho Gospel amongst them. Thi» is rather a tough job, and I do not envy those who are taking it up. 