RELIGIOUS SERVICES. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.— Sermons bear ing on the present troubles in Victoria and other parts of the world were preached by the Rev. R. Keith Mackay in the Congre- gational Church on Sunday. Tbo morning text was taken from Romans, 14th chapter 12th verso, “Every ono of us shall give an nccoant of himself to God.” This was tbo echo of tbo truth taught by Christ in the Parable of tho Talents, viz., blessings to bo used so as to add to tho wealth in some departments of God’s world, and a faithful account rendered for tho use and opportunity in tho by and bye. Mr. Maokay said tho opportunities (or service in those times of depression woro very many, and if Christians would only remember that they woro called upon to bo “ Imitators of God" they would place a much higher value upon their privi lege of being co-workers in doing the work of God in tho world. Tho whole man had to bo accounted for body and soul. For man would bo judgod for tho doods dono in the body; “ Tho common deeds of tho common day would ring tho bells in tho far away.” In caring for tho body they woro protecting tho “Temple for tho Holy Ghost to dwell in”—that which God had pronounced to bo good. How to enro for it was then fully dwelt upon by tbo prcacbor, and tho habits and customs of society that are hurtful, tho vices and other injurious agents wore spoken about, but said tho Rov. gentleman, not only our own bodies but tho bodies of others aro given to us to caro for. Tho child has to bo trained for tho future, habits controlled and tbo young life so moulded that it will bo capable of yielding tho maximum of good in tbo bye and byo. Tho bodies of others in society, members of tho Groat Brotherhood, also had a claim upon us, not only upon our pity but upon our practical help, Wbcro tboir own vices bad placed them in a false position, wc had by oxamplo and precept to try and so alter their course as to lift thorn from such a position. But, said Mr. Maokay, bow many to day are suffering because tbo depression is so wide-spread and not from any fault of their own ? To them wo must stretch a helping hand. Luxury must ho curtailed by us. For people to look their thousands in jewels and other decorations when tho" money could ho so well used was in his opinion a great sin. God’s gifts woro for use and not for abuse. Tho “sweating” ovil in society was denounced, tbo prcacbor quot ing some of the prices paid. Who aro tho sinners in this matter?— Members of tho churches; men and women ‘who in making their purchases do not study the value of tbo article, but rather for how little they can procure it regardless of those who suffer, and thus force the traders to again extort from the maker so that both ends may meet. Tho suggestion by tho City Council to provide a shelter for tho honest poor camo in for com mendation. Mon who are willing to work and cannot got it should not with tboir wives and littlo ones be allowed to starve. Ho thought tbo time was not very far away when taxation for the support- of charities would become general. as at present tbo willing givers woro taxed severely, wbilo tho grasping selfish man escaped. The teaching of Christ on the subject of bearing ono another’s burdens was put with force, and tho preacher concluded an earnest and prac tical address by quoting— “ Oh, there are weary ones losing the road. Oh, there aro tired ones faint with tboir load, Looking for help that is centred in you. And watching in vain for the good and tho true.” Tho evening service dealt with tbo obsrao ter of tho deliverers of the country, and at traded a good congregation. Golden Square Presbyterian Church:. —Tho Rov. J. Hunter Potter on Sunday evening commenced a series of lecturos, to be delivered in tho Golden Sciuaro Presbyterian Church, on “Judaism." He selected as his text the first four verses of Genesis xii.—‘ “ Now, the Lord bod said unto Abraham, get thee out of thy country,” etc. There was no more interesting lesson, the preacher said, than that taught by tho history of the Jews. It was to them wo woro indebted for the religion of Jesus Christ. His parents woro Jews, Ho was born a Jew, Ho lived a Jew and Ho died a Jew. Tho Jews were at ono time the only existing proof of tho fact that God lives and moves and that ono God only exists. They wore tho missionaries to tho nations, and to thorn God bad bequeathed tho message. Tho preacher dwelt at length upon various characteristics of the Jews, and at tbo conclusion of an interesting discourse announced that be would continue tho lecturo ,»t a future timo. There was on unusually good congregation. Wesleyan Church, Forest Street.— Tho Rov. T. C. Watts officiated on Sunday morning, taking as his text Romans, 14tn chapter, 7th verse—* For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself.” Tbo preacher explained the duties which man owes to God, and then referred to tbo duties which wo owe to our follow men. We should live uprightly for the sake of others, for as we lived wo influenced others. Ho reminded his hearers that their works would live.after them, pointing out how it therefore behoved us to leave works which would bavo an influence for good. Baptist Church.— Tbo Rov. G. H. Weller preached at the Baptist Church, Hargreaves street, on Sunday morning for tbo first timo since bis recent serious illness. Ho cboso as his text Psalm 42, 5 and 11 versos, Mr. F. Foot preached in the evening from Matthew ix 25, Tho congregations wore largo both in the morning and evening. 