MR. AND MRS. BOWSER. I " Do you know," suddenly observed Mr. I Bowser, as lie looked up from his payer the I other evening, "do you know that wa.arel going to the poorhotiBe at railroad speed ?" I " Why, no !" replied Mrs. Bowser in con siderable alarm. " Well, we are, and I think it is high time I called a halt. This reckless waste and unheard-of extravagance must cease. I'tn going to put my foot down," " W-what reckless waste?" she asked. "This reckless waste every day in the week '" he severely replied. " It is evident to me that you have no idea of the value of money, and that you lot everybody swindle you. I have been looking over some of the grocery and meat bills, and it is positively shocking the way you have been robbed." " Why, Mr. Bowser ! No one can buy more carefully than I do. ' I am some times aslmmed of myself for being so stingy." "No woman1 is a careful buyer, Mrs. Bowser. The Lord didn't create her that way. Give her a ten-dollar bill and she becomes perfectly reckle.es, I am satisfied that I can cut down our expenses at least seven dollars per week, and I propose to do the buying myself hereafter." " It wasn't four weeks ago that you were complimonting me on my financiering," she protested. Mr. Bowser arose, crossod his hands under his coutlails, and balancing on. his heals and toes, he said : "Mrs. Bowser, no wife should talk back to her husband. He is the head of the house. He knows what is heat. He was created to know. 1' shall nntenlyrun this house for the next two weeks to show you what I can do, butlshall make a saving to open your eyes in astonishment." " Well, if things do not go right you musn't blame me," she rejoined. " Biaino you ! When did I ever blame you? You can't be blamed because . yeu don't know the value of money. No woman can. As a man I am simply sorry for your sex." After breakfast next morning Mr. Bowser entered the kitohen and asked the cook what was wanted. She gave him a list of about twenty different articles, and he put it in his pocket and walked out. An hour later two quarts of biuns and a loaf of bread wore delivered from the grocery. When Mr. Bowser sat down to noon luuoh he found nothing hut bread and butter and water. " What does this mean?" he demanded of Mrs, Bowser across the table. "You are doing the buying now," she quietly replied. " Yes — urn. An in order to spite me I suppose you instructed the girl to threw everything outdoors? ' I understand, Mre. Bowser — I understand ?" "There was nothing to throw out. She gave you a list of things wanted, and you did not send them." Mr. Bowser had no more to say. Soon after his departure the butcher's boy brought a pieco of beef and two dozen olothes-pins. At dinner he found the meat and some bread and butter. "How much havo you been paying for beefsteak ?" he asked of Mrs. Bowser. " From fourteen to sixteen cents." " And I got this for eleven ! That shows the difference at once. .No wonder we were on our way to the poorhouse !" Mr. Bowser broke his knife in trying to cut the steak, and the email piece he finally got into his mouth almost pulled his teeth out : but ho smiled and pretended to be pleased, and when he shoved back frem the table he rubbed his hands gnd said : " A week ago to-day you paid out 6 dollars. My expenses for the day are only 64 cents. Quite a difference, eh ? The grocer and butcher look as if they had Heard something drop." At breakfast next morning Mr. Bowser found some pancakes and water on the table. He was about' to break forth when ho .caught himself and observed : " Our great fault as a nation, Mrs. Bowser, is tlfat we eat too much. We have become a race of gourmands and dyspeptics." " And this will cure us, I suppose ?" she replied, as siie looked from the panoakes to the water and back. " It will help to. I haven't the least doubt that both of us will feel better to-day than for a week before ; and still further, we know that we have not been highway robbed." That day Mr. Bowser sent soap and pota toes. The next day he sent coffee and starch. On the next ns sent tea and blue. " Mrs. Bowser," he began, as he eat down to his fourth dinner and found only coffee and potatoes on the table, " 1 hava now been running this house for four days." " Yes." " I have saved over any four days of yours at least seven dollars In cold cash. I told you it could be dene and it has been done. 1 shall now turn the matter over to you again, expeoting you to profit by my teach- ings." "You have done so well that yeu bad best continue," she quietly observed. " Having demonstrated to you that there is no noed of yourbelng robbed and swindled, and being pressed for time, I shall hereafter expeot you to do the marketing. I may have to step in at intervals, but of coarse any husband will cheerfully do that. As I told you before, no wife can be blamed far what she doesn't know. Having had the benefit of my experience, if you allow your self to be swindled again it will be your own fault." < Next day at dinner Mrs. Bowser had turkey, sweet potatoes, cranberry sauoe.and other good things, and Mr. Bowser looked about him and observed : " Well, you deserve credit, Mrs. Bower, and I am glad to accord it." She looked at him inquiringly. " 1 showed you how this house could bt run on the svme system ae a bank, and you were sensible enough to adopt my sugges tions, and this is the result. I am con siderably encouraged, Mrs. Bowser— con siderably encouraged. In a year or two more, if you will fallow out this line, you will almost be competent to go down to the store, with a 20 dole, bill and invest it as well as I could.!' — Diiroit Free Frees. HABITS OF INSECTS. A obntlbman who was fond of studying the habits of insects found one day a large spider near a pond of water. He took a leng etiok, and put the spider an one end of it. He then went to the side ef the pond, aud stretching out as far as he could reach, fixed the other and in the bottom of the pond, and left the stick standing straight up out of the water, wibh the spider upon it. He then sat down on the bank to watoh what the spider would do. It hrst went down the stick until it came to the water, but finding that there was no hope of getting off there, it returned te the top. It then went up and . down the different sides of the stick, feeling and looking carefully, till it found that there was ne way of escape at any part. Then it went enoe more to the top, and remained quiet for a while, as if thinking what to do. After a short pause the insect began to spin a thread, long enough to rcaoh from the stick to the edge of the pond. When this was done it fastened one end of thy thread to the top of the stick, and let the rest of it float in the breeze. It waited till the wind stretched the thread out towards the side of the pond. The inseat I hen went crawling along the thread till it reaohed the end. After floating in the air a- little while it alightod safely on the ground, and scam- pored off to its home. Tommy: "Did yeu do much fighting during the war, pa? . Pa: " I did my, share of it. Tommy." Tommy : " Did you make . the enemy run?" . .. Pa: " You're right, I did, Tomujy." Ttwivy,: "Did titty koteb y«u, pal" THE ENGINEER'S WARNING. " No, I don't believe in ghosts," said a locomotive engineer on one of the trunk lines running out of Kansas City, " Most of the phenomena we run across can be explained on some Better hypothesis, end of those that can't the majority are due to illness. - Yes, I have had some experiences myself that I could nob explain at the time, and have never Bince been able to, butl still believe they must have some rational expla nation. One of the strangest inoidents in . my life occurred when Iwas running an engine on the Chioago and Alton, from Slater to Roodhouse. You know there is a little station near Centralis, Mo., called Clark where the Chicago and Alton and the Wabash cross. At this crossing we always Imve to come to a full stop, ana though I have gone over it a thousand times, I never go over it without a shudder. Whenever I take an engine over that cross ing a lady's voice as gentle and clear as a silver bell always says to me plainly and distinctly : 'Aflright; go ahead,' 'flier, have been only three times that this has nob been done. Once in 1883 she said to me : " ' Stop ! wait a minute !' "So acoustomed had I become to obeying her that I stopped at once at the unusual command. Looking ahead I saw by my head-light that a man had caught his foot In the frog just ahead, and would have been crushed if 1 had gone oil ahead. Ho himself said it was aolosocall; but on learning that he was the editor of one of thelittle country weeklies of Missouri, I didn't tell him why I had stopped, for I had no desire to have it published, my ' queer ' imagination having already caused unfortunate.talk. "After, that, for a year, everything went en as usual, and I always heard the same gentle voice say : " ' All right? Go ahead !' " One day after I had come to a dead standstill, and had started up again, this lady's voice said to me in quick, anxious tones : 'Stop! Wait a minute! You will be too late ! Reverse I " I followed her commands as quickly as possible, and a little golden-haired fairy was pioked up from just in front of the wheels of tne locomotive. The mother, who was waiting for tho Wabosli train, fainted,' and was still unconscious when ws went on, but she afterwards sent a hand some cheque to tho division superintendent for me at Slater. Now the strangoib part of all this is the fact that no one ever heard these commands or warnings except me. When we had saved this little girl I men tion, the fireman asked me if I saw the child and I at once said ' No,' and, ef course, I then had to explain why I had stopped and reversed, and this revived the talk which had lately been dropped. When the superintendent ut Slater sent forme to give me the cheque that 'had been sent, he asked me the facts and I told him the whole story just as it really existed. He looked at inea little queerly when I gob through and said :— " ' You have been too long with us, aud are too serviceable, for us to want to lose you, bub we can't have any stories like this circulating. It will injure our service too badly,' I suggested that only twice had it interfered with my run' for a half minute, and in both cases had. saved a life, bub this did no good, and I saw that a repetition of 'yielding to my imagination,' as ho called it, would probably mean my resignation. It happened tlmt I was requested to take the place of a friend and run back over the road that very night, and though I had lost a great deal of sleep, I aouldn't refuse. When we approached the l/lark switch and crossing I was very uneasy and nervous, and felt that my imagination was just in condition to serve me any sorb of a trick. " We stopped, and as I started up again I heard that voioe I knew so well say, with perfeot distinctness : "'Stop! Wait a minute ! " " Now, I thought to myself, I must not yield to my imagination, like a child. So I made no movement te stop. " She spoke again, and said in agony, as it seemed : For Heaven's sake, stop! Reverse!' But instead of doing so, I gave her more steam, and as we went forward I imagined I felt the engine crushing something, and I know I heard the warning voice in tears, crying, ' Oh, dear ! Oh, dear ! ' When I came back on my return trip I learned that our train had run ever an eld man, who lived a few minutes, but was never identi fied. I went over the run once of twice afterward, but that heart-rending cry of ' Oh, dear ! Oh, dear ! ' rings in my ear every time I go post Clark; and so I told the superintendent and handed in my resignation." " And yet you don't believe in ghosts?" said a listener. " No," he replied. "Of course, I can't explain this, but it must have some reason able explanation." PRINCE GEORGE OF WALES. Fringe George on Walks, who in ths ordinary course of events will become George V., is in many respects the opposite of his late brother. In an artiale in the ISnglish Illustrated for May the writer says that Prince George aoted as a constant and welcome stimulus, both in work, and play hours, to the more lymphatic temperament of Prince Eddy :— " Wore they following the hounds together as boys, it was Prince George whos pony had to take the fetioe er hedge the first and give Prince Eddy the lead ; were they bathing together in the sea, it was Prince George who was the first to leap off the ship or yaoht'seido into the water, and not till ha was swimming round and encouraging his brother to follow him did the elder take the inevitable plunge. In many ways the elder constantly leant upon the younger brother ; and the younger reciprooated the confidence with warm-hearted manliness and devotion." Tho brain power which Prince George possesses is inherited, the writer believes, from the Prince Consort as well as from the Queen of Denmark : — " He is known to be a freab reader, of uotive habits of mind and ody, punctual in the disoliargs of the smallest appointments, warm and con stant in his friendships, endowed with a large share of practical oommon-eense, simple in hie tastes, and, like his latt brother, singularly .free from any trace of self - esteem or .conceit, most con siderate for tho feelings of others, willing to learn from all, generous and open-handed, yet careful and frugal en his own account, for his private allowance has up to now been moderate, and never large. At pre sent all eyes are directed towards Prince George, and curiosity is excited as to what - he will do, . L The writer of the artiolo thinks 'that, through the exigencies of his position, he will coma to be known by the people of these islands at large only gradually and slowly. Bui about the Prince's ultimate popularity there can, he thinks, be no manner of doubt at all. Quiz : "1 say, Sophomore, you are posted in the early Germanio history ; what colour was the hair of the old Germans ?" Soph (pompously): "Blonde or red, of course." \- Quiz : " You are mistakes ; the old Germans had grey, hair." One View of It. — "Is the tattooed man a great man, papa?" asked Willie. " Not necessarily," replied his father. "Why?" "I supposed he must he to hava so many decorations conferred on him." Exoltedn.fghbour: " What do you let that boy of youra build a bonfire so close to my fence for ?" _ Placid neighbour : "Isn't your house insured, then ?" : , . E.N, : "No, it isn't." : P. N. "That's all right. I'm ' an insur ance agent. Here's my card. I'll call m you about) ib te-uiymw." - : 