Behind Prison Barss. BY TIAE OuTcAsT. PART. XI. At the end of the asphali- track we were: met by a wari-coirplexioned old,. chap-the boss of ia. long line of stonecutters and masons, all busy spawling and dressing the bluestone used in the erection of the new south wing of A Division. It was a lively scene. Here and there, on a network of railroads, tall travelling-cranes sped along carrying lingo blocks of bluestone, and swinging themi round with that air of easy abandirn peculiar to -gigantic strength. High up on a spidery bridge of trestles a batch of sturdy lads were working a crab-winch to a truly nautical "hilly-hoy-ho," while the din of two-score heavy stone-hanmmers, the rattling run of the chain slings and the I sh uted order of the overseer suggested I more the idea of a busy dockyard than I that of a convict gang merely working I for their few paltry pence a day. Down below, the masons were at work setting the wall-stones of the new cells into position. The, work to our eyes, i was equal to the best of free labour, yet, I according to ----, "there is only. 1 one-usaster-uiasou (worthy of, the'nnme). )id~lk:i th ~ir'~ .f~rTlera -· hi- is,l~~' -that bulky lellow- you see yonder prowling around with the mason's rule in his hard, and a scoal of heavy authority on his face. He is a thorough crafts man iud has one or two little weak- I nesses-beer and cheque-forging princi pally." " This is the spot where Senior Warder Daly nearly met his death a year orso back. And this is the gang that attempted the deed. You wouldn't tuink that this industrious lot of fellows would resort to such violent means of wiping out old scores as those of assault, battery and even murder. Yet such is thecase sad to say. iBut its not to he wondered at when a reflect that half the men in the gang are burglars, garotters and murdeters. The day Daly came down here he was relieving thie regular, overseer who was away 'oit leave.' Some of the men owed him a grudge (simply because he had done his duty by reporting them of misconduwt), and they saw a favourable chance to fit him for it, so a committee was formed and lots drawn for the casting of the assassin. Everything was then 'ryl:uck' aud when Daly went down to the other end of tihe line of inspect Ballarat Dick's work, the young fellow deputed for the job crept along close, stone hammer in hand, and .waited for the 'griffin' (signal). It came, and just as Daly stooped, down swung the murder ous tool fair on the nnlucky senior's head. He staggered slightly, then helplessly fell, a little trickle of blood showing that the blow had talken effect through the Iheavsy helmet. As he lay there on the stones gasping about like a blinded kitten, the gang, with a eye, watched Iris senseless movements, leaninpg the while on their tools and ej eaetrtig-:-· err- -jrrobrbititior, I -per .--hid " coining round again, some joked, wvlile others withl some show of decency cried 'Shame !' and one of them, little Beakie Trevor, quietly glided off to the main gate where lie quickly put matters before the official in charge of tihe reserve guard. 'Then there was rushing in hot haste' (us Byron says) and in a twinkling a posse of warders was on the job under thIe direction of that rigid old disciplinarian, Davie S . Down they came like wolves on the fold, and after liuing up tihe gang and marching themr to the cells,i tihe ringleaders were picked out and stowed away down in the cellar, where tihe perpetrator of the deed' soon after revealed himself. He now wears a pair of chains on his limbs and ianS, an additional , stretch' (twelve mouths) tacked on to his sentence." "But what was the sentry on tihe port doing all this time ? Didi he not see anything of the affair?" "Unfortunately he did not," X-- returned. "You may not be aware th at if a warder is on post. and fails to observe any passing event and make a report thereon, lie is promply brought to book for ' inattention,' ' not being alert,' etc., or, if he fails to salute a passing officer, the result is tihe same. (Most serious thing you know,' to omit this act of self abasement !) It. is said (rather maliciously, perhaps), that the warder on duty at that time was busy saluting one of the said officers and therefore did not see tihe assault upon Daly; or if he did, lie considered it shler to act up to the old maxim'of two evils, always chose the lesser' and accordingly gave all Iris attention to the oflicer. lit this sort of gossrp must be taken crnni grimno sulis as the old Romans used to say." " Are similar instances of assault at all numerous iii here? If they are, I imagine you fellows must have a pretty sultry old time of it noow ard their." It was tire young 'uon who spoke. He had been lending a ready ear to tire garru lous one's reminriscent fluting, and yearued like Oliver Twist, for "some more." "\Vell, I dunno," said X-- nmnclhlantly. " Elvery few mrnths or so, after a prolooged bout of hominy the boys get a bit collar-proud and start playing up. At onte time demon strations of open defianue rind combined assaults were common sfl'sirs anrd the warder who didnr't wear his eye in a sling cr carry a supply of sticking pilaster, was considered behind tire times. Bit now tht men hove little chance of getting t getirer ini cliunes or pushes,' and the darrgr of a rush is minimized. Instead of being allowed to have their mid-day meal in one great hive of four hundred toen, as once was the case, each man now takes his dirrner to his cell and absorbs it in solitary nilence. It used to be an urdinary affirir for a mart who didn't feel very peckish, to find fault withr his food, get up and address the meeting arid when ordered by the warder to sit down and keep his mouth shut, he would tell thist officer to ' go to -- (warm place),' and sling his dinner over him. Often have I gone into the messroom and seen direst confusion rampant, tire bosses at their wits end to restore quietness among. hundreds of men, each armed witha aslarpe knife and all joining in the uproar. They are . wanting a better quality of bread than this, 'wot ain't fit for a pig to eat, let alone 'ard-workin' hdonest men.' The clhief, after trying to make himself heard gives up the job nudes a stone of ironical jeers, and he consults his subordinates but : they "dunno wot to make of it." Just as they are about to send for assistance a hush falls on the mob, all those out of order sneak quietly back to their seats, all hands pull a long 'it- wasn't-me-sir' sort of tace and the whisper is passed along 'Nit! Nit I Here cones Black Davie.' In comes a grey-wiskered cudersizned man with a hard-set Scotch face and stealthy step and as be passes along each bench it is worth double the price of admission to see each man looking as good as pie. How cordially they dread ind hate this little man ! He holds them in the hollow of his hand (so tospeak). Even his subordinates have ironically dubbed him ' The Warders Delight,' for hlie is continually prowling about, dropping unexpectedly upon groups of gossipping warders and dispersing them, after imparting various scraps of useful in formlttion to each, first firmly fixing them to attention with his cold grey: eye. ''Ab,-bye-the-bye Ruthford, I;ini a powverful athletic man down in the quarry. Expecting a rush this morning, and if you see anything crooked, whip 'emn into the.cellar. Show 'em no quarter; Then hlie turns to another ' Ali, by-the-bye, your name again?' 'Green! ' ' Very good! See that you - ' 'Yes, sir, alright sir. I'll do it now, sir,' and off goes Green, any where as long as hlie's out of the old man's road. Then a few more orders and away Davie goes, to investigate a suspicions movement on the works. Busiest man for his age I ever met, and a very fair man. It a maii did a quarter-hour extra duty he'd never forget it, and return it with interest if it were twelve months after." "Talking of combined assaults the old man had a very narrow sqe asl him self ddown at the quarries. ie had a habit of going down every day and looking around him to see that every body was kept up to the scratch. One morning as lie was watching the stone breakers at work (with the one eye shut as usual and a cold cynical glare in the other) one of them-a big hulking larrikin, sauntered up to him, pick handle in han a, and started a rambling complaint about his ' hard graft.' Not being in the habit of discussing matters of labour with the men, he referred him to the proper quarter. This formed a good enough excuse to start lig dMick off, so lie swings up his heavy pick handle add lets Davie have it-fair on the skull, and down lie drops like a sheep. Then Maick', pal-Cockney Jack, sailed in and the two curs backed up by the cheers of the gang, jumped on and kicked at the little man as lihe lay helpless on the ground. fIat there was good stuff in him. yet, and lie got,.ronnd~..in a second or Awo 'and5. ticikcletlismhekeiiiti7ugOnoab r,-it "Tlig t overseer, ' Dad ' Stubbings,.hearTng the'' row ran over to his aid and the two, aided by big Dan Dwyer the warder, succeeded in bundling the two assailants bodily over the edge of the quarry into the pit below. By this time the excited appearance of the gang-nearly a hundred strong-running about as they were, liked disturbed ants, attracted the, attention of the various sentries around and in no time the telephones and alarms were all at work beating up the reserves who doickly mustered and, headed by the Governor (and his four terriers) marched to the scene of action. Meanwhile the sentry on the post over lookting the quarries, had crept down, rifle in hand and running unseen through the long grass suddenly rose up before the startled mob and roared out a defiant challenge. ' Now then, lads, back every man of ye, or I'll drive a hole through the first who raises a hand.' That was enough. The sight of the resolute Scotchman, William Stewart as he stood ' drawing a bead' on the ringleaders made them pause. Then back they crept, slowly first. then a little faster till it toned up to. a ruin and away they went like rabbits, rushing for every hole and corner out of a line of that threating Winchestor which still followed them up. In half a minute all was quiet. Not a soul in sight and the squad of warders coming down a minute or so after, had only to poll 'em out of their hiding places, handcuff 'em, put 'em in line and march .'em up 'to the cellar. Big hlieky and tue Cockney got a couple of years in, irons extra with several doses .t solitary confinement -bread and water for n .mouth at a timei. As for the old man he made a good show, trotting till mid-day, giving. hisl orders as usutlwith 'hIis head piitlleredand patcjhed up, but'he. had to cave in at lest. Thu doctor ordered him off for a month's sick-leave which he reluctantly* accepted. He has left since but they say his ghost still prowls around, scaring up sleepy sentries with the glitter of its cold grey eyes and the old fanmiliar " By-the-by. Keep a sharp look-out." 