A RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER Man's ingenuity has often helped him out of difficulties. The following peculiar instance is worth publishing~ A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee, was taken before the magistrate of Glasgow for playing cards during the divine service. The account of it is thus given in an English journal :--"A sergeant com manded the soldiers at church, and while there thy parson had read the prayers and took his text. Those who had a Biole took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer book, but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at an other. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said, 'Richard, put up the cards, this is no place for them.' 'Never mind that.' Said Richard. When the services were over the constable took Richard a prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. ' Well,' said the Mayor, '" what have you brought the soldier here for ?' 'For playing cards in church.' ' Well, sol dier, what have you to say for your self?' ' Much sir, I hope.' 'Very good ; if not I will punish you severely.' "I have been,' said the soldier, ' about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy yourWorship of the purity of my intentions.' Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. " When I see the ace it reminds me that their is but one God. When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. "'When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds ime of the four evangelists that preached Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. "'When I see the five it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps, There were ten but five were fcolish, and were shut out. " -When I see the six it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. "'When I see the seven it reminds me that in the seventh day God rested from the great work he had made and hallowed. ' 'When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight people who were saved when God destroyed the world-i--z, Noah, his wife, three sons and their wives. -'When I see nine it reminds me of nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. " 'When I see the ten it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. "'When I see the King it reminds me of the great King of heaven, which i3 our God Almighty. "'When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a lan. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls The King sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbow and the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that. " VWell said the Mayor,' you have described every card in the pack except one.' "'What is that ? "'The knave,' said the Mayor. 'I will give your Honor a description of that too if you would not be angry.' 'I will not' said the Mayor, 'if you do not term me to be the knave.' 'The greatest knave known is the constable that brought me here,' 'I do not know,' said the Mayor, 'if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fooL' "'When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-fire, as many days as there are in a year. When I count thie number of cards in a pack, I find fifty-two-the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack repre senting thie number of months in a year, and on counting the tricks I find thirteen-the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see a pack of cards serves for a "Bible, common prayer book, and almanac,' " 