Random Readings. j MATJP : " It's awful the way he wasted his -time and his father's money at college." Clara: "How do you know he did?" Maud: " He sat by me at Lord's last Wed nesday, and didn't know anything- about the game." Scene: A gambling saloon. A game of ecarte has just been played. The two players get up, and one of them steps up .close to the other. " Sir!" " What do you want ?" " I saw you cheat just now." ""Sir!" "Iam sure of it." "You mean to rain me ?" " Quite the contrary; I want you to take me into partnership." Gladys: "Isn't it odd that the honey moon should last but a month ?" Willie: Not so very odd; bills are sent out on the first, you know." Margate Boat. Stout Gentleman (has volunteered a song); " I'm afloat, I'm -afloat,"&c.; Grumpy One: "Oh, you're a float, are yer ? Wot do they try and catch, with yer ? Whales ?" He: " Don't you consider man the apex of creation ?" She: " No, the ex ape." Mr. Wells: "Freddy, is that a good book you are reading ?" Freddy: " I ?fhinir not, 'cause I've enjoyed every word -of it." Mrs. Astarte: " I wonder who Mrs. Van Cork is in mourning for ?" " Her hus band ; he died last week." " But she is -only in half mourning." "Yes, she dis covered he had another wife in Chicago." First She: " That chair you are sitting on is a genuine antique." Second She: Oh, perhaps I had better not sit on it." " Oh, yes, do; you make quite a picture." "Do you think Miss Richmond enjoyed "the concert?" "No, Fm afraid not; she ?only patted her foot through three of the songs." "Hi, mister, jest 'old that there 'oss's Jead for a minute, while I gets down, will yer?" "Wh-wh-wh-ich one?" "Why, the orf 'un, to be sure." " My good man, I am totally unacquainted with horses, and it is quite impossible for me to tell which of your animals is an orphan." "Cuthbert cried last night, and kept Mr. Styles awake, and in consequence he is in a bad humour this morning." " Yes, madam, but Cuthbert wanted to lick the paint off his toy cameL" " Well, if it hap pens again to-night, let him do it. I want to Mr. Styles for anew hat to-morrow." Mrs. Younghusband: " Charles, why don't you ask Mr. Philpot Lane to give you a few weeks' holiday now ? This is a splendid opportunity just before he goes. You know you're not indispensable to him. He can get on without you." Charles: » I know that. But thaf s just it. I don't want to find it out." First City Man: " I have had a miser able ride up this morning. There were a . lot of strange duffers in the carriage-one , in particular. I told him all the funniest fo.log I could think of, and never produced the ghost of a smile. He looked as glum as possible. Look, there he goes! that fel low with the felt hat and cigar." Second City Man: " Why, that's Sparks. He does oil those funny things in the CRACKER, «m.t. you are always repeating, and think so very rich. Very Natural.-" Shiver my timbers," ?sn.id old Captain Foesul, "I hadn't been on shore half a day with my old shipmate, Capstan, afore he got a bit groggy, and blest if they didn't tow him into a police station." " What J" exclaimed Smith. "Do you mean to say, captain, that Cap tain was tapsy?" "Half-seas over, sir. Beg'lar whisky-and-water logged." "And what did you do?" "What did I do? Why, he being half-seas over, I did what . every British seaman would have done bailed him out!" Mr. Smith passed a pork shop the other <Iay. Mr. Smith whistled. The moment be did this, every sausage "wagged its -tail." An exquisite, leading a dog by a. string, lounged up to a ticket office of a .railway .station and enquired, " Must I-aw -.take a ticket for a puppy?" "No; you can travel as an ordinary passenger," was the reply. Settle as much money upon your wife as you can, for her second husband, poor fel low ! may not have a sixpence. A number of tourists, when they alight at an inn, in the TfigManHsj are .in the ha bit of scratching theeir names, &c.;, on the -window glass. A short time since one of a party of four had written his own name and the names of his three companions, with the month and year on whieli they pio>io their visit. Immediately under their ?pa-mma and in quite a different band (evi . dently by some wag), is inscribed, ' The whole of the above were hanged for sheep _ gtealing.' The Captain-By jove, Miss Pompadqur, iiow the costumes and make-up alter peo ple! I hardly knew you. Miss Pompa dour- Do "I such a fright then ? "pie Captain-On the contrary, you look chajrm &S-; | 