TO THE EDITOR. -I am, &.0., R. CALDWELL. Wopdside, May 2, 1593. Sir —In party politics the individual is not considered prudent who shows his hand while the game is being played, but as I do not pre-<*> tend to bean adept in party movements I have nothing either to loose or gam by venturing a few remarks on the above question at tbe present time. Some days ago a friend, know ing the interest I had taken in the movement, asked, "What are you goiug to do respecting the State bank?" I replied, "Nothing at present. I have already done as muoh as should be expected from one man, and so far have had little sympathy or assistance from the representativei of tbe people. I intend leaving the matter alone for a time until a few more banks break. Circumstances in the meantime are working and tbe Government will soon be compelled to do something." When I made that reply to my questioner on Friday last I littla thought that the National Bank was making arrangements for closing its doors. The movement in favor of the estab lishment of a State bank, whatever tbe unsym pathetio may say to the contrary, is not and never was a "fad." Many years ago men who took a calm view of tbe situation and could gauge the tendenoy of public affairs, saw some thing of the eort would eventually become a necessity. And heaven knows it was not from any desire to popularise my name or make political or private capital out of the movement that I first began advocating the establishment of a central financial institution directly under State control. I had beoome painfully aware of tbe nature of tbe relation ship which existed between our producers and the banks, and a short Parliamentary experi ence had caused me to appreciate the nature of the business being done by the people's Govern ment through the (mostly toreign) branch banks of the colony and the growing obliga tions to bondholders elsewhere; bo at an early stage of my political career I dearly saw tbst a more central and sounder system of finance was most desirable. At that time I was ably supported by Air. A. G. Harvey, one of the rapresentetive? of West Torrena. Perhaps to Mr. Harvey is due tbe credit of being the first to suggest the establishment of a Government Bank. While addressing bis electors prior to the meeting of the Parliament of which he was a member in ISS4, Mr. Harvey, X am informed, bad begun directing attention to tbe question. But of this I was not at tbe time aware, and it does not matter, for it only proves the fact that when pwrirjity prompts, if one man does not give immediate attention to the suggestions another will and must. The appointment of the State Bank Com mission in 18S8, partly through the assistance of the Playford Government! (and one of tbe most creditable and beneficial actions of this Government), was a decided step in the right direction. As of eo important an enquiry, ooming as it were fresh from the country, and not baying had the advantages of a financial training, I felt my position. However, I nerved myself for the work, aud when contact with "experts" had made me aware of the fact that each individuals ran on very narrow Hoes I bofan to r.-albe the possibility of doing justice to the investiga tion! and ?iter eeveral yean fam elapsed I am able to recall with pride and a certain amount of satisfaction the work done by others sad myself in the interests of a. good cause and a need; if not very grateful country. Early in the present year I was asked by several leading men in the north to deliver a few addresses on "the question," and it was rather with a desire to prevent people expecting too much, were my suggestions given effect to that with mcch inconvenience to myself and a little ex pense I consented to do so. Between un reasonable friends on the one side and enemies on the other I knew little could be expected ; my object was therefore to endeavor to persuade people to be (satisfied with little—to limit in the first instance the operations of a Govern ment bank to Government business alone in order Co protect the taxpayer. I would not have written a line on the subject prior to the meeting of the House bad it not been for the closing of the National Bank, the only bank doing business in Woodeide, and having for its manager Mr. H. F. Cave, one of the most com petent and careful of its officers. The bank closed on Monday morning; on the same day the District Council of Onkaparicga held its meeting, when accounts representing work done amounting to about £150 were presented for payment. This money was mostly due to quarriera, carters, and breakers of road metal, in other words to poor fellows depending on their weekly or fortnightly payment, not a shilling of which is available, or is likely to be for some time. Now, eir, whatever may happen to the man in ordinary business, the employes of Government or local governments should npver have any difficulty in obtaining their honestly earned money when due. A Govern ment cheque or impressed order should never be drawn upon an institution liable to fail, hat should be made legal tender at the Treasury or anywhere eUe, just as my friend, Kir. J. B. Spence, wishes Government bonds or Treasury bills to be. The connection bfturen the Treasury and district councils and corporations coold with advantage to ali concerned be made much closer than at present. At any rate, when financial trouble overtakes the colony it will be a decided advan tage to know the beginning and end of in. Talk about federation; we are federated ia misfortune with a vengeance. The troubles we are now suffering from are only is a. remote sense our own. I now realise the wisdom ot an observation of Mr. Geoffery Eager, accountant of the New South Wales Treasury made in my presenoo a few years ago, which was to the effect that the colony which first secured the establishment of a Government or State Bank would have a big advantage of the other colonies. Ido not nay that it will not be possible to patch up existing institutions by reconstructions and amended legislation to that they will tide over present difficulties; but the unforeseen always happens ; and the evil day will come again. Six J. \V. Downer has shown commendable forethought in endeavoring to eliot the sympathy and co operation of the Premiers of the adjoining colonies. If a conference results and he eucaeeds in advising them to make the State the central pillar in the new system he will merit a higher honor than Queen or country have yes conferred upon him. Ho has already done service in fighting the ghost of John Law's demoralised Frenoh Bank of a century and a half ago. What ha has done and said bas id do way dis turbed or weakened the position which 1 have always maintained, and which be eooneror later will come to acknowledge the soundness of. Under existing circumstances he could not do better than seek the | permission of Parliament to enable him to [ nationalise the Bank of Adelaide, the most local of all the banks doing business in the colony, and make it the sole medium through which the business of tbs country shall be done. The Parliameut just elected is certainly no less able or liberal in its persoruitl than eome of the preceding to warrant the expecta tion of safe and sound legislation in toU or any other direction. The advent of direct representatives of labor I hail with great satisfaction. These are for the most part intelligent and very decent fellows, able to let the country see that that the lower callings aud walks of life are not unfavorable to the production of the dispositions of gentlemen. These men will eoon learn to make the best interests of their constituencies and the colony their own, and by study and attention to publio business will soon put to silence the ignorance of foolish ptoplo who think that these only who happen to be born rich or become possessed of property are qualified to legislate. The conversations which I have had with many of them baa impressed me with the belief that they are very desirous of know ing and doing the right. Some of them, I believe, have pronounced in favor of a State bank, but I find they have no intention of sup porting any proposal on other than safe lines, i'he proposal which some older politicians have given their adherence to for the State to take up mortgages neither they nor myself can yet eee oar way to entertain. According to report eotse Eo-called leaders of publio opinion are credited with having said that the State Bank Commission made no recommendations favorable to the establishment of a State bank. This state meat is not in accord with tact, aad can only be made by those who cannot read between the lines. The report submitted to bis Excel lency favors " the. State transacting its own financial business through the Treasury ;" the icsca of a Government paper currency; and a State recognition of the Savings Bank and em ployment ot its surplus funds at> an agreed rate of interest, the Government becoming responsible to the depositors." The report in its entirety was eigned by a majority of the commissioners, the dircentients being- Messrs. Glynn, Play ford. Scott, and Tomkinsou. These gentlemen in effect take objection to the whole of the re commendations contained in the report. The ground for one of the dissents signed by Messrs. Glynn and Playford is peculiar. It reads—" We also dissent from paragraph 12, ai to adopt it would be to create a debt with out intercut to the extent to whioh the average circulation of the. notes exceeded the average circulation of the imprest orders." The mean ing of which ib that a debt which does not bear interest is undesirable. This contrasts strangely and strikingly with & reply which tbe A*aisi&nt; Secretary of the Government of India returned to th? question submitted by we (see evidence, p. 229)—1f any, what have been the advantages of the system (Govern ment issue of notes) co the Government of India? Mr. O'Uonner replied— *' It gave a profit to Government of a saving of interest on debt to the extent of the investment of 60,000,000 of rupees leas the expenses of managing the paper currency . . improved and enlarged the basis of Government oredia. . . The minimum sum in ciroalatton is practically a loan to Government without interest, and the interest on the securities held in reserve against the issues is a direct profit, amounting practically to the extinc tion of so much debt." The Indian finanoier appears to glory in a debt without interest, the South Australian takes the opposite view. But is not this another strik ing example of "Saveme from my friends!" Recent developments have compelled me to use my pen as above, and knowing th<tt the policy of The Advertiser u South Australia for the South Australians, I doubt not but you will find space for my comments aad sugges tions.— 