BEOADBRIM'S NEW YOEK LETTER. If there is a class of people in this world that I thoroughly despise and detest^ it is that miserable class that is constantly at work undermining jour belief in everything that makes the past endurable and worth remembering. One miserable wretch, some years a go, shook my faith in George Wash ington's little hatchet. He had gone down to the agricultural plantation, and dis covered that they never had a cherry tree upon the place. He had searched over all the old bills, which were methodically kept in the family ledger, but nowhere back for two generations could he find anything like the sale or purchase of a hatchet. He ques tioned all the old negroes for fifty miles around, if they had ever heard their grand fathers mention about the hatchet or if they had ever stolen cherries from the tree before George chopped it down, and they all declared they never had. That settled it; if he never had a hatchet, and there were no cherry trees growing in that part of Virginia, it was only a revolutionary allegory. Then, along comes another historical bucaneer, and knocks to flinders my belief in William TelL Why, I saw the very spot where he jumped out of the boat. I admit it was a pretty good jump, only about twenty-five or thirty feet, and if he had a couple of balloons under his arm-pits, he could have done it easily. But, even the patriotic Swiss threw him overboard. They pulled down his chapel, expunged his his- i tory from their school books, and there is ! not as much of William Tell left now in j Switzerland as there is of Julius Caesar. Ill fact, not as much, for we are reasonably sure there was a Julius Caesar, but we are not quite certain that there ever was a William Tell, or, if there was, he had no more to do with freeing the Swiss from the Austrian yoke than he had with the Ameri can Revolution. I am led to this train of philosophic thought by the events of the past few weeks. For years it has been my delight to spend hours, and sometimes days, con templating the magnificent collection that makes up the attractions of the Metro politan Museum of Art. I could sit down in the midst of the Egyptian collection and hob-nob with Pharoah, Thotmes or Cheops, or any of those mighty ones that made the name of Egypt immortal. I could shut my eyes and see Thebes in its grandeur, and Memphis in her pride, and Babylon in her greatness and glory, surrounded by her hundred brazen gates. Before me, silent, yet eloquent of the past lay, the men and women that walked those wondrous streets; they were wrapped in the very cerements with whi^h pious hands enshrouded them forty centuries ago. This voiceless witness was laid to rest a thousand years before Solomon erected that marvellous temple, which was one of the wonders of the world. He had been dead five hundred years when Moses led the children of Isreal out of the house of bondage. What a splendid revelation of the past arises before me as I sit in the midst of this royal company. I love art- everything out of the common, that leads me to think of nobler and better things; that can make me forget for the time, the hard and exacting labor of my every-day life, "with its never-ending necessities and wants that will not down. In the Metropolitan Museum of Art I have done that often and my soul was filled with gratitude to the builders up of that magnificent institution. One portion of the museum had a special attraction for me, and that was the Cesnola collection. Wonderful, most wonderful, were they; especially the Cypriot jewels, that had been buried in the earth a couple of thousand years, till Luigi de Cesnola fortunately discovered them in the Island of Cyprus. He was our consul there, and the wonderful discoveries of Dr. Schlieman in Greece has stirred within him the spirit of investigation. Then came the startling discovery of the buried temple, where all those golden treasures had been entombed for over two thousand years. For a time we forgot all about Homer and Troy. Achilles and Agamemnon were only myths alongside of the tangible evidences produced by Colonel de Cesnola. The treasures that he un earthed added fresh glories to the splendors of the British Museum and enriched theroyal collection at Berlin. New York was not neglected in the treasures that he scattered around, and felt itself fortunate in securing, such generous recognition from the great explorer. It is true that she paid in golden shekels for all she got, as also did London, Berlin, and Paris, and that the gallant colonel was much enriched thereby, and that he also secured the fat position of curator of the Metropolitan: Museum of Art, which was good for life. He had hardly got warm in his seat when along comes Mons. G. L'Feuerdent, an eminent archaeologist from France, and he declares, without qualification, that Colonel de Ces nola was a fraud and a cheat, and that his Cyprian Venus, supposed to be dug up from the ruins of Cyprus, was a marble humbug, and that De Cesnola had patched her up in the cellars of the Metropolitan Museum' of Art. The accusation led to a long and bitter lawsuit, which resulted in the Scotch ver dict "not proven," and poor Mons. de Feuerdent, worried to death and many dol lars poorer in pocket, died of a broken heart. Now comes another, like the ghost of Macbeth, more potent than the first, and he accuses Mr. de Cesnola, not only of being a fraud, but a swindler, who, if the allega tions be true, instead of being curator of i the Metropolitan Museum of Art ought tobe doing time in the States prison or peniten tiary. The name of his accuser is Herr Vou Uichter, formerly, I believe, connected with the Royal Museum at Berlin. Herr Von Richter distinctly accuses Mr. Cesnola with selling certain terra eutta heads, supposed to have been exhumed from Cyprian ruins, to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, and, after he had pocketed the money, declared that they had been lost at sea while in transit, and that these identical heads were afterwards sold to the Royal Musenm at Berlin,, and that they are there now. Besides this, there are a number of other shady circumstances with London and Paris, that look very much like swindling. But the worst of all is the Cyprian collection of jewels, -which were supposed to be recovered from the ruins of a temple which had been buried over two thousand years. It was indeed a fairy tale, and how lovingly I lingered over it in the past. The story was of a mighty temple that existed ages ago in Cyprus, equal to that of Diana of Ephesus. For untold centuries the votive offerings of the worshippers at this shrine were cast upon its altars till it became one of the richest shrines in the world. When the conquering legions of Rome swept westward this golden shrine was doomed by the rapacious conqueror. As soon as the priests realized that their : temple was doomed, they resolved heroically to perish amid its ruins, and defeat the Romans' hope for spoils. When the soldiers approached they barred the mighty gates, and then gathering all the costly offerings "of ages they took them to a concealed vault beneath, the temple floor and threw the>rc ifi ; then replacing the huge stone, quietly j awaited their fate. It came at last; great j fires were piled against its sides; the stomas ! crumpled to pieces, and at last it fell a pile of hopeless ruin. The victors searched in vain to find the expected treasures, and it remained for Colonel I/uigi de Cesnoda to discover tbera after two thousand years, and sell tbefia to the Metropolitan M&settm; of Art/ How many days have I lingered over these cases, looking at the lings and bracelets and necklaces that thousands of years ago ' had encircled the fingers, the wrists, and the necks of these dainty Cypriot dames. I_ used to sit down in front of the case, and shut my eyes, and conjure tip those scenes , in ancient Cyprus, till I could almost see ' myself wandering about in (Grecian toga and sandals, so inspiring were my sorfotfild ings. Herr Eichter says if'a all harobogj that there never was any temple there and no hole m the ground where they "Were dis covered, and, in short, that the whole thin# is a beautiful fiction, and that he is prepared to prove it. AH that I can say is that I am awful sorry for it. Bterr Eichter hag got me into such a state that by and by I shall believe in nothing but the- gas man. He is a substantial reality that I can't get rid of; his bills increase as-the'days- grow longer. Yes, though all the world should fleet away, the gasman still is left me: Some time ago I had occasion to< refer to' the case of Hawley Chapman, who' is- bow in a lunatic asylum. Hawley^s father' was a rich old bachelor, who lived for many years at the New York Hotel. Old Chap man never denied the paternity of the boy, j and always provided for bis mother, who, aside from her escapade with old Chapman, appears to have been a very nice, proper sort of a person. But the boy Hawley was hard to control; he always had too much money as a boy, and contracted habits that afterwards proved his ruin. He was smart and bright, good looking and pleasant com pany, but erratic beyond control. At last, he fell in love with a young actress, and for a time she seemed to exercise a wholesome influence over him; but he broke away, and his mental condition became such that it was necessary to engage a trained nurse to take care of him. This nurse became infatuated with Mrs. Chapman, and, being repulsed, tried to kill her. He shot her while she was lying in bed, and is now serving a long term in States prison for the offence. The property of Hawley Chapman is worth over two hun dred thousand dollars, and last week it was put up at Sheriffs sale on a judgment of four hundred dollars. It has been a queer case all round, but when the lawyers get through with the lunatic's estate there won't be much of it left. Everybody who can is getting out of town. In the fashionable quarter on Murray Hill, whole blocks of houses are closed, and the streets look quiet. But along the great avenues like Broadway, Fifth avenue, Fourteenth-street, Sixth avenue, and Twenty-third-street, the.crowd is still the same from morning till night. Two severe railroad accidents have occurred here and in Brooklyn. On Thurs day the cable of a Broadway car got entangled in the grip and ran away with the car, knocking everything out of its way for several blocks. It was a miracle that a hundred people were not killed. Early in the week a trolly car ran away in Brook lyn ; the motor man could not stop it, so it rushed on till it dashed into a number of cars standing on the tracks, killing the conductor and wounding several others. What is the meaning of this general feeling of uneasiness and distrust which seems to prevade the working classes ? Several tames this week, both here and in Brooklyn, there have been runs on the savings banks for which there was no more reason than there was to doubt the credit of the United States Government. Distrust and dissatisfaction seem to be general. I doubt if the repeal of "the Sherman Bill will remedy the evil. It has been an exasperating week altogether. We have had severe storms of thunder and light ning, bringing death and disaster. So that the first week of July winds up with a general wail. 