Qmn&mxzntz.; THEATRE ROYAL. TTAMr,'F,T. Although the old adage that Shakespeare spells ruin has, in the light of latter day ex perience, been robbed of much of its force, there are still not a few who contend that the works of the great dramatist can never be popular with a certain eeot^a of the com munity, and that therefore- aSfesfej^h scarcely synonymous with rain, the' n»^- of Shakes peare is seldom one to ooajtgc» r /Jh. To such a one the crowded house 3**^jh greeted Mr. W A.lfaa** Tlon^lAVr'a fiMii OT1iV»f '*i Ann iv. A ii/ilniiln on Saturday night wouhs e m& as a surprise, for the seating capas**- / the Theatre Royal was taxed fe£ As utmost by an audience whioh @Sfe.ifowed from the gallery to the stalls, and from the stalls to the dress circle, while the earnest at tention and discriminating applause whioh marked the progress of the play showed bow deeply those present were interested iff its action. Nothing could have been more spon taneous and hearty than the reception accorded Mr. Bentley on his entry, the prolonged applause with which he was greeted being an eloquent expression of the desire of the audience to Rive appropriate welcome to one of whom they had heard so favorably. Nor was this cordial expression of goodwill confined solely to his entrance, for the delivery of each famous speech called forth again and again the most approving plaudits, culminating at the conclusion of each act in a unanimous call before the curtain. Not a little curiosity was evinced in the tragedian who had openly avowed his inten tion of ' upsetting all preconceived notions of Hamlet ' and by a new and . original reading of the character presenting the melancholy prinoe in a manner easily nnderstanded of the people, The version played by Mr. Bentley has been arranged by himself from the famous folio edition of 1623, a particularly noticeable feature being the omission of certain scenes, and a number of familiar lines' which custom has hitherto re tained in stage presentations of the tragedy. ghost appears to Maroellns, Bernardo, and Horatio allowp the play to opeD advantageously in the state-room of the oastle, but the omis sion of that la whioh Hamlet by letter an nounces his return 'naked and alone' from exile, makes his appearance in the churchyard somewhat abrupt and inexplicable. Despite this cutting, the continuity of the story is carefully preserved, end if one misses the scene in which Hamlet turns upon the courtiers with the parable of the pipe, or describes the cloud which to Polomus is 'very- like a whale,' there are corresponding advantages to be reaped in the compactness of the play and the greater prominence given its leading Seharacter. From a physical standpoint Mr. Bentley is- a picturesque embodiment of the Danish prinoe. Tall of stature, and gifted with mobile features and a voice which, despite a very noticeable hoarseness, is capable of giving expression to the varying emotions of the moment, his im personation of the character is heightened by me simplicity and clearness ot its conception. There, is no questioning the sanity of the new Hamlet, his strict enjoinder on his friends to take no notice How strange oi odd soe'er I bear myself. As I, perchance, hereafter shall think meet To put an antio disposition on is as olearly emphasised as in the scenes with Polonius and Ophelia, where expressive gestures and eloquent play of the features in dubitably convey the impression that his mad ness is but feigned. At first, overwhelmed with grief for the loss of his father, and wounded by the forgetfulness of his mother, he is the prey of unwonted and profound melancholy, whioh finds its vent in the fine soliloquy 'Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would melt.' The reaction which follows the first suspicion of foul play aroused by the apparition of his fathers spirit in arms, dis plays his innate manliness of character,- and the resolve to avenge the king's .'foul and most unnatural murder' faeoomeB the one fixed purpose of his life. Admirably expressed too is Hamlet's love for the fair Ophelia, infinite tenderness straggling for the mastery even amid the withering torrent of words with which he assails her, while scorn and indignation are indicated by a look at the discovery that Polonius and the king are listening near. A fine effect is wrought at the conclusion of the soliloquy. -unwnav a rogue ana peasant slave am i by the descent of the curtain upon Hamlet seated at the table preparing the words wherein to catch the conscience of the king, and its im mediate raising upon the task accomplished and the irresolute query 'To be, or not to be.' The unconventional greeting extended to the players, and the conversational tone adopted in the well-known advice were equally natural, and the play scene, in which Hamlet, anticipating the player, rapidly repeats the words, ' Thoughts black, hands apt, drugs fit,' and unconsciously draws himself towards the kiner. intensifies the climax which is reached with the agnonised cry 'Lights, lights,' amid a scene of wild confusion. The succeeding scene in the' queen's closet affords Mr. Bentley another opportunity for the display of tender affection. Sternly reproachful and terribly biting in speech, there is yet depicted the innermost warring between filial respeot and an uncompromising sense of duty, and the contrast between the rising whirlwind of passionate rage and the awe inspired by the reappearance of the ghost was strongly and powerfully marked. A departure from custom was observable where Hamlet exclaimB ' Liook here, upon this picture, and on this.' Usually ' the counterfeit presentment of two brothers' finds illustration either in twopio tures on the walls or in medallions worn upon the breast, but Mr. Bentley disposes alto gether of such aid, and presents a verbal con trast of the two, a reading of the text adopted by Mr. Irving. The succeeding scene in the graveyard, sugeuier wmu iuo uuuuiuuiiikuuwuu of the drama, were impressive and effective, the dramatic realism of the death eoene form ing a fitting close to a thoughtful and scholarly performance. Briefly Mr. Bentley's Hamlet is one which, while intelligent to, the many, is never commonplace, but is the outcome of a thoughtful and appreciative study of one of the most human characters ever witnessed on the stage. It is a matter for regret that so admirable a performance as that given by Mr. Bentley has not the support of a more able company. There were excentions. the Pnlnnina nf Mr Lachlan MoGowan being, as the result of a ripe experience, carefully and humorously played, while Mr. H. R. Roberts also gave a spirited and highly commendable reading of Laertes. Miss Kate Bishop was well cast as the Queen. Mr. J. Stark made a sententious and humorous gravedigger, and Mr. Harry Hill acted with pleasing intelligence as Horatio. Miss Marie Fraser was totally inaudible in the earlier scenes as Ophelia, and although she improved with the development of the oharaoter and was seen to greater advantage in the mad scene, her performance seldom rose above mediocrity. Mies Yirginnia Vivienne as the court butterfly Osrio had. something too muoh 'flourish' even for that feather-brained creation, and the remainder of the company call for no special comment. Daring the evening the orchestra, under the direction of Mons. Julien de Willimoff, a well-known solo violinist and musical oonduotor of Sydney, played a number of tntr' acte selections in addi tion to the incidental music of the play with excellent effect. 