The Sorceress.* [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER L. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of "The Son of his Father," The Chronicles of Carlingford," " The Rose in Jane," "The Greatest Heiress in England," "Whiteladiea," "Within the Precinots," "It was a Lover and his Lass," "Adam Graeme," &c;, &c.; Miss Lance left Charlie's room, having soothed and reduced him to quiet in this inconceivable way, with a smile on her face and the look of one who was perfect mistress of the situation. But when she had gone down half-a-dozen steps and reached the landing she Btood still and leaned upon the wall, clasping her hands tight as if there was something in them to hold by. She had carried through this part of her ordeal with a high hand. She had made it look the kindest, yet the mo3t decisive interview in the world, crushing the foolish young heart without remorse, yet tenderly, kindly, with such a force of sense and reason as could not bo resisted—and all so naturally, with so much apparent ease, as if it cost her nothing. But she was after all merely a woman, and she knew that only half, nay, not half, not the worst half of her trial was over. She Jay back against the wall, having nothing", else to rest upon, and. closed her eyes for a moment. The two girls had followed her instinctively out of Charlie's room, and stood on tho alair3 one above the other, gazing at her. Tho long lines of her figure seemed to relaz.as if she might have fallen, and in their wonder and ignorance they might still have stood by and looked on, letting her fall, with out knowing what to do. But she did not do so. The corner of the walls supported her as if they had made a couch for her, and presently she opened her eyes with a vague smile at Betty, who was foremost. " I was tired," she said, and then, "It isn't easy"—drawing along breath. At this moment the trim figure of Mrs. Leigh's maid appeared on Hie stairs below, so commonplace, .so trim, so neat; the little apparition of ordinary life which glides through every tragedy, lifting its every-day voice in an- ♦ Tho sole rteht of publication in Queensland of "Tito 8o;-cera«" h*s linen purcinsoJ by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited^ • notmcements of dinner, in inquiries aboat tern, in all the nothings of routine, in the midst of all tumults of misery and passion. "If you please, madam—my lady would be glad if you would step into the dining-room," Bhe said. Miss Lanoe raised herself im a momenirfsom that half recumbent position against the wall. She recovered herself, got back her oolonj and the brightness of her eyes, and that look of being perfectly natural, at her ease, unstrained, spontaneous, which he had shown throughout the interview with Charlie. " Certainly," she said. There did not seem to be time for the twinkling of an eyeh'd between the mood and the other. She re quired no preparation or interval to pull herself together. She looked at the two sisters as if to oall them to follow her, and then walked quietly downstairs to be tried for her life—like a martyr—oh, no, for she was not a martyr, but a criminal. She had no confidence of innooence about her. She knew what indict ment was about to be brought against her, and she knew it was true. Thia knowledge, how ever, gives a certain strength. It gives courage such as the innocent, who do not know what oharge may bo brought against them or how to meet it, do not possess. She had rehearsed the scene. She knew what she was going to be accused of, and had thought over and Bet in order all the pleas. She knew exaotly what sho had done and what she had not, which was a tower of strength to her ; and she knew that on her power of fighting it out depended her life. It is difficult altogether to deny our sympathy to a brave oreature fighting for bare life. However guilty he may. be human nature takes sides with him, hopes in the face of all justice that there may be a loophole of escape. Even Bee coming slowly downstairs after her, already thrown into a curious tumult of feeling by that scene in Charlie's room, began to feel her breath quioken with excitement in spite of the hostility of her heart. There was one thing that Miss Lanoe had not foreseen and that burst upon her at onoo when the maid opened the door—Colonel Kingsward—standing with hi 3 arm upou tho mantelpiece and his countenance as if turned to stone. The shock which this sight gavo her was very difficult to overcome or concoal; it struck her with a sudden dart as of despair. Her impulse was to fling down her arms, to acknowledge herself vanquished, and to retreat, a defeated and ruined adventuress ; but she was too brave and unalterably, by nature, too sanguine to do this. She gave him a nod and a smile, to whioh he scarcely responded, as she went towards Mrs. Leigh. "How strange," she said, "when I come to see a now friend to find so old a friend 1 I wondered if it could be Mr. Leigh's house ; but I was not sure—of the number. "Ism afraid 1 cannot say I am glad to aco you, Laura," said Mrs. Leigh. "No? Perhaps it would have been too much to expect. Wo wore, so to speak, on different sides. Poor Amy, I know, was never satis factory to you, and I don't wonder. Of oourso you only thought of mo as her friend." "If that were all!" Mrs. Leigh said. "Was there more than that? May I sit down. I have had a long walk, and rather an exhausting interview—and I did not expect to be put on my trial But it is always best to know what one is accused of. I think it quite natural—quite natural—that you should not like me, Mrs. Leigh. I was Amy's friend, and she was trying to you. She put me in a very false position whioh I ought never to have accepted. But, yet—l understand your atti tude, and I submit to it with respect—but, pardon me—sincerely, I don't know what there was more." Miss Lance bad taken a chair, a perfectly stiff upright ono on whioh few people could have sat gracefully. She made it evident that it was mere fatigue whioh made her subside upon it momentarily, and lifted her fino head and limpid eyes with so candid and respectful an air towards Mrs. Leigh's comfortablo un heroio face that no contrast of the oppressed and oppressor could have boen more marked. If any ono had suffered in the matter between theso two ladies it certainly was not the one with the rosy countenanco and round well fllled-out figure; or so at least any impartial observer certainly would havo felt. Mrs. Leigh, for her part, was almost speeoh less with exoitcment and anger. She had in tended to keep perfectly calm, but tho look, the lone, the appearanoe of this personage alto gether, brought before her overpoweringly many past soenes —socnes in whioh, to tell tho truth, Miss Lance had not been always in the wrong, in whioh the other figure, now altogether dis appeared, of Aubrey's wife was the foremost, ati immovable gentle-mannered fool, with whom all reason aud argument were unavailing, whom everybody had believed to be inspired by the companion to whom she clung. All Amy's faults had been bound upon Laura's shoulders, but this was not altogether deserved, and Miss Lance did not shrink from anything that could be said on that subject. It required moro courage to say, " Was thero anything more ?" "More!" cried Mrs. Leigh, choking with the remembrance. " More! My boy's house was made unsafe for him, it was made miserable to him, he was involved in every kind of danger and scandal, and sho asks me if there was morel" '". . ....... " Poor Amy," said Miss Lance, with a littlo pause on the name, her head gently in compassion and regret, " poor Amy put me in a very false position. I have already said 60\. I ought not to have accepted it, I ought not to have promised; but it is so difficult to refuse a promise to the dying. Let Colonel Kingsward judge. She was very unwise, but she had been my friend from infancy, and clung to me, more, muoh more, than I wished. Shs exacted a promise from me on her death bed that I would never leave her child—whioh was folly, and, perhaps, more than folly—so far, at least, as I was concerned. You may imagine, Colonel Kingsward " she added, steadfastly regarding him. He had kept his head turned away, not looking at her, but this gaze compelled him against his will to shift his position, to turn towards tho appellant who made him tho judge. He still kept his eyes away, but his head turned by an attraotion which he could not withstand. "Ton may imagine that I was the person who Buffered most," Mias Lance said after that pause, "compelled to stay in a house where I had never been welcome, except to poor Amy, who wliPflead; a sort of guardian, a sort of nurse, and yet with none of their rights, held fast by a promise which I had given againt my will, and which I never ceased to regret. You are a man, Colonel Kingsward, but you' have more understanding of a woman's feelings than any I know. My position was a false one, it was ornel, but I was bound by my word " •«• No one ought to have given such a promise," he said coldly, with averted eyes. ■•• You are alwaya right; I ought not to have done so. But she was dying, and I was fond of her, poor girl, though she was foolish—it is not always the wisest people one loves most —fond of her, very fond of her and of her poor little child." The tears came to Mis 9 Lance's eyes. She shook her head a little as if to shake them from her eyelashes. "Why should I dry? they have been bo long happy, happier far than ~ Mrs. Leigh, the proseoutor, the acouser, gave a gulp, a sob ; the child was her grandchild, her only one, and besides anger in a woman is as prone to tears as 6or*ow. She gave a stifled cry, " I don't deny you were good to the child. Oh, Laura, I could have forgiven you everything, but not —not " " What ?" Miss Lanoe said. Mrs. Leigh seized upon Bee by the arm and drew hor forward. Aubrey's mother wanted words, she wanted eloquence, her arguments had to be pointed by fact. She took Bee, who had been standing in proud yet excited spec tatorship, and held her by her own Bide. "Aubroy," she said almost inartioulately, and stopped to recover her breath, "Aubrey— whom you had driven from his home—found at last this dear girl, this nioe, good girl, who would have made him anew life. But you in terfered ; you wrote to her father; you went — I don't know what you did—and said you had a claim, a prior claim. If you appeal to Colonel Kingsward he is the best judge. You went to him " " Not to me. I was not aware—l never even Baw Miss Lance till long after. Forgive me for interrupting you." Miss Lance turned towards him again with that full look of faith and confidence. " Always just I" she said. And this time for a tremulous moment their eyes met. He turned his away again hastily, but he had received that touch ; an indefinable wavering came over his aspect of iron. " Yes," she said, "I do not deny it; it is qnite true. Shall I now explain before every one who is here? I think," she added after a moment," that my little Betty, who has nothing particular to do with it, may run away." " 17" said Betty, clinging to the back of a chair. : •• Go," said her father impatiently, " go." "Yes, my dear, run away. Charlie must want some one. He will have got over me a little, and he will want some one. Dear little Betty, run away I" Miss Lance rose from her seat—probably that too was a relief to her—and with a smile and a kiss tnrned Betty gently out of the room. She came back then and sat down again. It gained a little time, and she was at a crisis harder than any she had ever faced before. She had gained a moment to think, but even now she was not sure what way there was out of this strait, the most momentous in which she had ever been. She looked round her at ono after another with a look that seemed as secure and confident, as easy and natural, as before; but her brain was working at the most tremendous rate, looking for some clue, some indication. Sho looked round as with a pause of conscious power, and then her gaze fixed itself on Bee. Bee Btood near Mrs. Leigh's chair. She was standing firm but tremulous, a deeply concerned spectator, but there was on her face nothing of the eager attention with which a girl would listen to an explanation about her lover. She was not more interested than she had been be fore, not so much so as when Charlie was in question. When Mrs. Leigh in her indictment said, " You interfered," Bee had made a faint, almost imperceptible, movement of her head. The mind works very quickly when its fate hangs on the balance of a minute, and now, suddenly, the oulprit arraigned before these terrible judges saw her way. "I interfered," Miss Lance said slowly, "but not because of any prior claim"; she paused again for a moment; " that would have been as absurd as in the case which Colonel Kings ward knows of. I interfered because I had other reasons for believing that Aubrey Leigh was not the man to marry a dear, good, nice girl." " You had other reasons, Laura! Mind what you aro Baying—you will have to prove your words," cried Mrs. Leigh, rising in her wrath, with an astonished and threatening face. "I do not ask his mother to believe me. It is before Colonel Kingsward," said Miss Lance, " that I stand or fall." • " Colonel Kingsward, make her speak out! You know it was beeadse she claimed'my son— — she, a woman trice his age—and now she pre tends Make her speak ont! How dare you ? How dare you ? Yon said he had pro mised to marry you—thai be was bound to you. Colonel Kingsward, make her speak out!" ( " That was what I understood," he said; looking out of the window, his head turned half towards the other speakers, but not ven turing to look at them. " I did not see Miss Lance, but that was what I understood." Laura sat firm as if she were made of marble, but almost as pale. Her nerves were so highly strung that if she had for a moment relaxed their tension she would have fallen to the gronrid. She sat like a rock, holding herself together with the strong grasp of her clasped hands. "You hear, you hear! you are convicted out of your own mouth. Oh, you are cruel, you are wicked, Laura Lance! If you have anything to say, speak out—speak out!" " I will say nothing," said Miss Lance. " I will leave another, a better witness, to say it for me. Colonel Kingsward, ask your daughter if it was because of my prior claim, as his mother calls it, that the broke off her engage ment with Aubrey Leigh." Colonel Kingsward turned, surprised, to hta daughter, who, roused by the sound of her own name, looked up quickly—first at the seemingly composed and serious woman opposite to her, then at her father. He spoke to her angrily, abruptly. "Do you hear? Answer the question that iB put to you. Was it beoause of this lady, or any claim of hers, that you—how shall I say it?—a girl like you had no right to decide one way or the other—that you broke off—that your mind was changed towards Mr. Aubrey Leigh ?" It appeared to Bee suddenly as if. she had become the oulprit and all eyes were fixed on her. She trembled looking at them all. What had she done? She was surely unhappy enough, wretched enough, a clandestine visitor, keeping Aubrey out of bis own house; and what had she to do with Aubrey ?—nothing, nothing! nor he with her—that her heart should now be snatohed out of her bosom publicly in respect to him. "That is long past," she said, faltering, "it is an old story. Mr. Aubrey Leigh is a stranger to me; it is of no consequence now!" ••Bee," her father thundered at her, "answer the question! Was it because of this lady that you changed your mind ?" Colonel Kingsward had always the art, some how, of kindling tho blaze of opposition in the blue eyes which were so like his own. She looked at him almost fieroely in reply, fully roused. "No," she paid, "no. It was not beoause of that lady. It was another—reason of my own." " What was your reason ?" cried Mrs. Leigh, " Oh, Bee, speak ! what was it, what was it ? Tell me, tell me, my dear, what was your reason, that I may prove to you it was not true." ' "Had it anything to do with this lady?' asked Colonel Kingsward once more. " I never spoke to that lady but once," cried Bee almost violently, "I don't know her. I don't want to know her. She has nothing to do with it. It was beoause of something quite different—something that we heard—l—and mamma." Miss Lanoe looked at him with a smile on her face, loosing the grip of her hands, spread ing them out in demonstration of her acquittal. She rose up slowly, Her beautiful eyeß fillod with tears. She allowed it to be seen for the first timo how she was shaken with emotion. " You have heard," she said, " a witness you trust more than me. Jf I put myself into the breach to secure a pause it was only such a piece of folly as I have (lone before. I hope now that you will let me withdraw. lam dreadfully Ured; lam not fit for any mpre." She looked with that appeal upon-her tooe, first at one of her judges, then at the other. "If you are satisfied let me go— <*•" It seemed .as if she could not say a word more. They made no response, but ehe did not wait for that. " I take it for granted," she added, "that by that ohild's mouth I am cleared," and their she turned towards the door. Colonel Kingsward, with a little Btart, came from his place by the mantelpiece and opened it for her, as he would have done for any woman. She let it appear that tim movement was unexpected, and went to her keart; she paused a moment looking up at him, her eyes swimming in tears, her mouth quivering. " How kind you are 1" she said," even though you don't believe in me any more t but I have done all I can. I am very tired, scarcely able to walk " He stood rigid, and made no sign, and «he, looking at him, softly shook her head. " Let mo see you, at least, once," she said very low in a pleading tone, " this evening, some time ?" Still he gave no answer, standing like a man of iron, holding the door open. She gave him another look, and then walked quietly but with a alight quiver and half stumble away. They all stood watching until her tall figure was seen to pass the window, disappearing in the street, which is tho outer world. " Colonel Kingsward ," said Mrs. Leigh. He started at the sound of his name as if he had but just awakened out of a dream, and began to smooth his hat whioh all this time he had held in his hands. " Excuse me," he said, " oxouse me, another time. I have Borne pressing business to see to now." And he too disappeared into that street whioh led both, ways, into the monotony of London, which is the world. Chapter LI. Thoae who were left behind were not very careful of what Colonel Kingsward did. They were not thinking of his concerns; in the strain of personal feeling the most generou3 of human creatures io forced to think first of his own. Neither of the women who were left in the room had any time to consider the matter; but if they had they would have made sure without hesitation that nothing which could happen to Colonel Kingsward could be half so important as that crisis in whioh his daughter was involved. Mrs. Leigh turned round upon the girl by her side and seized her hands. '•Bee, 1' she cried, " now we are alone and we can Bpeak freely. Tell me what it was! There is nobody here to frighten yon—to take the words frOm your mouth. What was it, what was it that made you turn from Aubrey? At last, at last, it can be oleared up whatever it was." Bee turned away, trying to disengage her hands. "It is of no consequence," she said. " Oh, don't make me go back to those old, old things. What does it matter to Mr. Leigh ? and as for me " "It matters everything to Aubrey. He will be able to clear himself if you will give him the chanoe. How could he clear himself when he was never allowed to speak?—when he did not know? Bee—in justice, in mere justice—what was it ? You said your mother " 44 Yes, I bad her then. We heard it together, and Bhe felt like me. But we had no time to talk of it after, for she was ill. If you would please not ask me, Mrs. Leigh I I was very miserable—mother dying, and nowhere, nowhere in all the world anything to trust to. Don't, oh! don't make mo go back npon it! I am not —so very—happy, even now!" The girl would not let herself be drawn into Mr. Leigh's arms. She refused to rest her head upon the warm and ample bosom which was offered to her. She drew away her hands. It was difficult, very difficult, to keep from crying. It is always hard for a girl to keep from orying when her being is so moved. The only chance for her was to keep apart from all contact, to stand by herself and persuade herself that nobody oared, and that she was alone in the world. "Bee, I believo," said Mrs. Leigh solemnly, " that you have but to speak a word and you will be happy. You have not your mother now. You can't turn to her and ask her what you should do. But lam sure that she would say, 'Speak!' If she were here she would not let you break a man's heart and spoil his life for a punctilio. I have always heard she was a good "woman and kind—kind. Bee," the elder lady laid her hand suddenly on the girl's shoulder, making her start, " she would say ' speak' if she were bore." " Oh, mamma, if you were here!" said Bee through her tears. She broke down altogether and became in articulate, sobbing with her faoe buried in her hands. The ordeal of the last two days had been severe. Charlie and his concerns and the appearance of Miss Lance, and the conflict only half understood which had been going on round her, had exoited and disturbed her beyond expression, as everybody could see and under stand. But, indeed, these were but secondary elements in the storm which had overwhelmed Bee, which was chiefly brought back by that sudden plunge into the atmosphere of Aubrey— the sensation of being in his bouse which she might in other circumstances have shared with him—of sitting at his table, in his seat, under the roof that habitually sheltered him—here, where her own life ought to have been passed but where the first condition now was thnt there ehould be nothing of him visible; in Aubrey's house, but not for Aubrey! Aubrey banished, lest perhaps her eyes might fall upon him by chanoe, or ncr ears be offended by the sound of his voice t Even his mother did not understand how much this had to do with the passion and trouble of the girl, from whose eyes the innocent name of her mother, sweetest though saddest of memories, had let forth the salt and boiling tears. If Mrs. Leigh had been anybody in the world save Aubrey's mother Bee would have clung to her, accepting the tender support and consolation of the elder woman's arms and her sympathy; but from Aubrey's mother she felt herself compeired to keep apart. It was not until her almost convulsive sobbing was over that this question could be reopened, and in the meantime Betty having heard the sound of the closing door came rushing down stairs and burst into the room. Perhaps the was not so much disturbed or excited as Mrs. Leigh was by Bee's condition. She gave her sister a kiss as she lay on the sofa where Mrs. Leigh had placed her and patted her on the shoulder. "She will be better when she has had it out," said Betty. " She has worked herself up into such a state about Mis 3 Lance. And oh, please tell me what happened! You are her enemy too, Mrs. Leigh—oh, how can you mis judge her so ? as if she had been the cause of any harm! I was sent away," said Betty, " and, of course, Bee would not speak—but I could have told you. Yes, of course, I knew! how oould I help knowing, being her sister ? I can't tell whether she told me. I knew without telling. And, of course, she must have told me . This is how it was " Bee put forth her hand and caught her sister by her dress—but Betty was not so easily stopped. She turned round quickly and took the detaining hand into her own and patted and caressed it. "It is far better to speak out," she said, "it mast be told now; and though I am young and you call me little Betty I cannot help hearing,, can I, what people say ? Mrs. Leigh, this was how it was. Whatever happened about dear Miss Lance—whom I shall stick to and believe in whatever you say!" cried Betty, by way of an interlude, with flashing eyes, " that had nothing, nothing to do with it. That was a story like Charlie's, I suppose, and Bee no more made a fuss about it than I should do. It was after, when Bee was standing by Aubrey, like—like Joan of Arc—yes, of course I shall call him Aubrey; I should like to have him for a brother, but that has got nothing to do with it—a lady came to call upon mamma, and she told a story about some one on the railway who had mot Aubrey on the way home after that scene at Cologne, after he was engaged to Bee, and miserable because of papa's opposition." Betty spoke so fast that her words tumbled over each other, so to speak, in the rush for utterance. " Well, he was seen," she resumed, pausing for breath, "putting a young woman with ohildren into one of the sleeping carriages —a poor young woman that hod no money or right to be there. He put her in, and when they got to London he was Been talking to her and giving her money as if she belonged to him. I don't see any harm in that, for he was always kind to poor people. But theae ladies did, and, I suppose, so did.mamma; and Bee blazed up. That is just like her—she takes fire-^-fibe never waits to ask questions—she stops her ears. She thought it was something dreadful, showing that he had never oared for her, that he bad cared for other people even when he was pretending. I should have done quite different. I should have said, ' Now look here, Aubrey, what does it mean ?' —or, rather, I should never have thought any thing but that he was kind. He was always kind—silly, indeed, about poor people, as so many are." Mrs. Leigh had followed Betty's rapid nar rative with as much attention as she could con centrate upon it, but the speed with which the words flew forth, the little interruptions, the expressions of Betty's matured and wise opinions, bewildered her beyond measure. " What docs it all mean ?" she asked, looking from one to another when the story was done. " ' A sleeping carriage on the railway; a woman with children —as if she belonged to him?1 How oould a woman with children belong to him ?" Then Bhe paused and grew crimson with an old woman's painful Moth. "la it vioe, horrible vulgar vioe, this child is attributing to my boy ?" The two girls stared, oonfused and troubled. Bee got up from the sofa and put her hands to her head, her eyes fixed upon Mrs. Leigh with an appalled and horrified look. She had not asked herself of what Aubrey bad been accused. She had fled from him before the dreadful thought of relationships she did not under* stand, of something which was the lost insult to her, whatever it might he in itself. Vulgar vice! The girl3 were cowed as if some guilt had been imputed to themselves. " You are not lHce anything I have known, you girls of the period!" cried the angry mother. "You are acquainted with ouch things j as lat my age had never heard of. You make accusations! But now—— He shall answer for himself," she said, flaming with righteous wrath. Mrs. Leigh went to the bell and rang it so violently that the sound echoed all over the house. "Go and ask your master to come here at once; directly; I want him this moment," she said, stamping her foot in her impatience. And then there was a pause. The man went off and was seen from the window to crow*(he street on his errand. Then Bee rose, her tears hastily dried up, pushing back .from her forehead her disordered hair. " I had better go. If yon have sent for Mr. Leigh it will be better that I should go." Mrs. Lf igh was almost incapable of speech. She took Bee by the shoulders and pot her back almost violently on tho sofa. " Yon shall stay there," she said in a ohoked and angry voice. What a horrible pause it was! The girls were silent, looking at each other with wild alarm. Betty who had blurted out the story, but to whom the idea of repeating it before Aubrey—before a man !—was unspeakable horror, made a step towards the door. Then Bhe said: " No, I will not run away," with tremendous courage. "It is not our fault," she added after a pause. "Bee, if I have got to say it again, give me your hand." " It is I who ought to say it," paid Bee, pale with the horror of what was to oorae. Vulgar vioe! And she to accuse him, and to stand up before the world and say that was why! It seemed a long time, but it was really only a few minutes before Aubrey appeared. He came in quickly, breathless with haste and sus pense. He expeoted from what his mother had told him to find Miss Lance and Colonel Kings ward there. He came into the agitated room and found, of all people in the world, Bee and Betty, terrified, and his mother walking about the room, sounding as it were a metaphorical lash about their ears, in the frank passion of an elder woman who has the most just cause of offence and no reason to bate her breath. There was something humorous in the tragic situation, but to them it was wholly tragic, and Aubrey seeing for the first time after so long an interval the girl he loved, and seeing her in such strange circumstances, was by no means disposed to see any humorous side. " Here, Aubrey!" said his mother, " I have called upon yon to hear what you are accused of. You thought it was Laura Lance, but she has nothing to do with it. You are accused of travelling from Germany—that time when yon were sent off from Cologne—the time those Kingßwards turned upon you" (The girls both started, and then recovered themselves a little, at the shock of this contemptuous descrip tion) " travelling in sleeping carriages, and I know not what with a woman and ohildren who were believed to belong to you! What have you to say?" "That was not what I said, Mrs. Leigh." " What have you to say ?" cried Mrs. Leigh, waving her hand to silenoe Betty, " the accused has surely the right to speak first." " What have Ito say ? But to what, mother ? What is it ? Was I travelling with a woman and children ? I suppose I was travelling with all the women and ohildren that were in the same train. But otherwise, of course, you know I was with nobody. What does it mean ?" Bee got up from the sofa like a ghost, her blue eyes wild, her face pale. " Oh, let us go, let us go ! Do not torment us," she said. " I will acknowledge that it was not true. Now that I see him lam sure it was not true. I was mad. I was to stung to think Mrs. Leigh, do not kill me! I did him no harm; do not, do not go over it any more!" "Go over what?" cried Aubrey. "Beo! Sho can't stand, she doesn't see where she is going. Mother, what on earth does it matter what was against me if it is all over? Mother! bow dare you torturo my poor girl ? ' That was naturally all the thanks Mrs. Leigh got for her efforts to unravel the mystery, which the reader knows was tho most innocent mys tery and whioh has never been cleared up or thought of since that day. It oame dear of itself the moment that Aubrey, only to support her, took Bee into his arms. . ; [to be "concluded next week.] One bears various stories of the cleverness displayed by Mr. Gladstone in eluding incon venient questioners, but the following, which is perfectly authentic, strikes the London corre spondent of the Manchester Courier as being quite the best of the bunch. The other evening some earnest young Radicals were invited to meet the Prime Minister. They naturally longed to discuss the political situation with him and to receive some advice for their guidanoe. Mr. Gladstone, however, descanted with great eloquence on the proper place in the a church for the organ. Then there was a short lull, and the boldest of them pulled him self together and propounded a somewhat hesi tating question on Home Kule or about it. The old parliamentary hand either did not hear or affected a convenient deafness. Before the sentence could be repeated Mr. Gladstone was deep in a learned argument with a olergyman present upon hymns, ancient and modern. The remainder of tho company sat in silence with feelings that can bo easier imagined than described. 