MALIGNANCY OF INANIMATE THINGS. Arising foreign srinienshii h**,w»*r* told, basa develop a oaiiswthaary « to the maltfaawy ol lasatm*** objects. It* »aihor of the theory lytisals ieijwtielyi» the first instance to ~he nommnn *xpsrloßO*of all human bans*, and then, harm* Mount that substantial basis of asaaowledsj** fact, proceeds to work ont hit general theory. Many another doctrine—that lot instance ol the ghost revisiting the glimpses of c moon —It argsed after a different fashion, and even attar a different principle. It would be of ao use now-a-days to begin with an appeal to oar common experience ol ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who declared that in one of the great battles of Spain Saint James himself had CIIAKT.EI) UXDKR THE SPANISH FLIC, but added modestly, " unworthy that I was, although in the battle I was not favored with a sight of the blessed saint." But the philoaopher who theorises about the malignancy of inanimate objects can seize at once upon a common and indeed uaiversal experienoe. Let us hare thi faota to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all event* we can get on the way to it. Who does not often writhe under and storm at the malignancy of inanimate object* P The; footstool that was un doubtedly pnt carefully into a corner—how doe* it come to be in the diddle of the room ? The fire which was Hazing up a mo ment ago—why is it dead out already. The water tap from which ona fill* a jug seems never to flow freely while he stands over it; bnt let him divert hisattent>nn for one moment to any other object, and AFTES I. > T.lt CFLIi.K. Ti.3 latch-key—but then, perhaps, we bad better not lay too much street on the troubles with the latch-key,ina*much asunphilosophical levity might suggest unweloome explanations. Thepebbl* thatcomeein the way of the hero's homo and upsets the hero is a striking illus tration on a grand scale of this alleged in- Vdtorate mtlignancy of inanimate objects. Oa a amaUer ocalc of illustration, why should the razor which shaves so keenly one day utterly decline to shave at ail the next dar, and then, being neglected and tbrjirn aside for a week, establish a new and rcalignly meant claim when TSIEU AO.AIS l.\ tIGsr.UK, acd become tharp as tne lioman King's raz.r which cut tho whetstone through ? Why will the watch stop at the very time when wo most want it to keep going on f We might go ou through a whole catalogue of such experiences, the daily ex periences of most of u». There v no question—there cm be none—as to the experience. Let any of us take notice on any day of the number.of times on which he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, nude to lose his temper—sometimes almost made to lose his witi by inanimate objects, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate better the force of the new philMOphio theory. We coufi-ss that, although we find the theory interesting, we <Io not see that it is likely to enrich the world with any new and practical rules for the guidance of every day or any day life. Dicause if these in animate things are really malignant, they wiil ba malignant still, after philosophy shall have recognised the rxcr or tueiu MAUusrrr. Bat, if we wcro to refuse to consider a theory merely became we did not see what practical good considering it would do, we should be cutting ourselves off from some of the finest theorioj with which philosophy nas from time to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries of evolution, tha vexations and impatiences of mankind under the refrao ■ tory conduct of inanimate object*, hare at ast crystallised themselves info • theory, we feel bound to commend it to public considera tion, even although w» do not feel in any way easuredthat the common round and the daily task will be made much the easier by its recognition. Nothing oan be in ita way xoaz imuiATi.tu teas -nut lcofek jutcq. Who can tell when it will light, when it will refuse to light, when it will break in the middle, when it will map off just at tho top after lighting, and leave ica fiery head on one's hand! But all thi* will go on ao doubt even after the world hit accepted the philosophic theory hat the lucifer match is a malign and a capricious thing like tome ill-ooaditiuned gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot educate or convert or punish > locifer match any more than we can an Ul-oonditionod gnome or sprite or imp. But we are for receiving and discussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relievo the feeling* of a human being now and then to know that when hi* water. jag for co apparent reason broke away from ita handle, or when his coffee at a railway station would not 000 l in tims to let *""i swallow it before tho starting of hi* train, or when hi* coffee at home cooled to instanta neously m to make him unwilling to swallow it at all—it might perhaps relieve his feelings to know that he waa struggling against a malicious enemy, and not suffering from a commonplace accident. A great devotee of Schopenhauer, develop ing not long since a principle of that pbilo. sophtx, discussed the possibility of bringing an odious and hopele*! world to a dote by AN ACT OF.CMVEIISALSUICILE. But he admitted certain doubt* a* to the feasibility o! accomplishing ancb > purpose. The whole human race might, he thought, bs brought into that league of universal eelf-obliteration. Even the lowar «nim«i. might be ptuuaded or coerced into the ■ame arrangement. But his hetitalioa was a* to wit it are called—uuphilotophically no doubt—the inanimate thing*. Hi* oonvic* tiun was that the world began witi the inani mats things, a* w* call them. They started the whole buaine**, and then came the lower animal*, and then cam* man. Now suppose man were uniTenally willing to extinguish himtdf—wh*t gsarantee could he possibly bare from these inanimate things that the moment bt bad disappeared they would not STAET tUE WnoLS IIACIII.TX OF KXUTtXCE | all ore* again. You cannot hate a' compact with the eands of the de i sert or the salt of the tea oi the (tones in a quarry. You cannot bar* a treaty with the dost of the highway or as alliance with the coals in a miae. Etsb if yoa could hare snob an amagesnamt, who could an*«« for it* being carried oat ? Who could trust these things to keep their plighted words? Thelatceaect oar backs ware tamed they woald be son to sat the whole ejtrasilf goiag agaia. just foe the par fern fan of tb* business. Now it seems to a* that then it a grastdeal of practical good cease ia that idea. It works is very well, also, with tbe tkeory of tkelater philosopher about the atalignsary of iaaai saate things. The BBOsoeat tkesa laasJsMto objects found that that* was aaythiif auo kind, particularly wanted tbarn to do, thea they would ias^aoUy, aad oct or sui»k Xaucs, make up Uuir salads a«t to do tt. Wecao judge of that boa that coastal ait 'rjiag daily ncerieaoe to wbfeh w* ka«* already referred. The dbriato olßsbnpaabanerbisl not, perhaps, wh*ab«dr?*Jofa< ka sVabta, •ter beard of what w* a*/ sail A* ■• •aiattoaaUgaMey tkeory. Batif k* ha* heard of H, sad Oarttsd th«j» then w«ssoe»sthi M »it,i»widiaas,Majkaii foejad hiasaU strangllis—, hi ktj iWiwii Mwatieiav. He ■Lhtrifli fM«M hi s«a*M,bs«h*w«abrw HMthatttWMU ha fatiMM artatsatft, atoab* sjf • stea, 