THE MYSTERY OF ' THE TOWER. A Talk of Thrilling Intebest, By Hs&LEifr; OOBWT N PIEBOE, CBAPTEB XXVIII. (Continued The old gardener was away about ten J minutes -' It seemed-mnch longer to those 7 who were waiting. j He came back with a very strange white j] face and wild eyes. He was trembling vio- j lently, like a man with palsy. i Sibyl went tip to him. She took hold of 1 him with-convulsive hands. ! "'Has anything happened to Prudence j Garr?" she demanded. 1 " No, no—nothing, I swear to -yon 1" hei answered. j Bat hedoo^edLdazed, frightened, he stared j -at her in a helpless, bewildered kind of way jj that was bothipnzzling and alarming. I " What is<the matter with yon, man ?•' the I housekeeper exclaimed. " Yon look as if yon i had aeeuaighost." " Well, maybe I-have. Get your -keys, Mts i Turfit,and -comeaway with ma I've some- j thing to say to yon." Sibyl's hand, was -still on his arm, heri anxious eyes on,his face. | "Miss Garr has gone," he said to her J 'Yon know the old man wouldn't lie to i yon. Sibyl' fell back.' She yielded the keys ; mechanica'Jy to Mrs Tnrfit'sgreedy and im- j pndent clutch. She was not thinking of her, j bat watching that old man's face with a j thrilled and desperateiy-throbbing heart. What-was the,story it told ? What had he j seen—what ghost ? Wfcafc-was-the meaning of that eager, pitying, wondering, - doubting, startled look j tafias-eyes ashe -gazed at -her ? | Whyshouldit-make her think-of Kenrick, I whom thi8"old man had loved so well ? I She-fell -on her knees when they had all j goae-ont.Bobbing wildly: "•My-darling—my-darling—my darling!" I "*Now,-then, .what is it ?" Mrs Tarfit de msnded of James Beese, as they were going along one of the -corridors, after locking the tower doors on poor Sibyl. She.had-sent all the rest of them onto their'beds, and she and the gardener had gone.-into Hie- dining-room. " It is jnst this, Mrs Tarfit—I' have seen the ghost of Mr Prince 1 I wasn't asleep, and I didn't imagine it. I saw it as plain as I see yon now." " The ghost of a live man ? What are yon taUdng-abont ?" " I don't care/' James- said, stonily. " I was^coming rinto the house, -after patting Hiss Garr in the carriage, and it stood right there by the big snowball bush. It is moon light, yon know, and the moon shone fnll on bis faee. Wait now, and let me tell yon. I thought it was Mr Prinoe himself,though his face was a deal whiter and thinner-like than* his was when he ran screaming' out of yon tower-room. He looked so strange 1 1 wasjust going to speak to him, when Mr Pdnce's own window, which opens that way, yon know, was lifted, and he called to me to know what was going on down there. Thought he heard a carriage, he said. I was that scared! could hardly speak, but I tol him Miss Garr had just.gone away in a car riage-to catch the train at Hampton, -and: he swore at me horribly, and slammed the win- I dow down,-and whenT looked hack for the ghestitwxs gone." " fifenet? ;MrB.Taifitlaughedicontemptuonsly,; " Well, I've heard of -old people getting their second sight,-hut I guess yon have got yonr first and second all at once," she said, " Yousee doable first- rate, James. If that ib all, yon can go to bed, and I'll take care of the ghosts. Good night!" She sent him off, and stood a moment pondering, wondering if she should go and give her keys to Mr Prince. " I won't do it 1" she mattered. " He is in no condition-to have them. I will keep them till morning anyway, and - now that Lney I Venner-has gone,he may want me to keep themall the time.'' . She felt- that she would like that. Then die went to feer own rooms, -which -were on a lower floor, and consisted of a handsome p&rkr; and- bedroom. As she entered the first, she laughed scornfully. " Ghost, indeed I" she exclaimed, and then I stood still. Something had moved near her. A curious, j creepy .feeling went overher. She sprang quickly and turned up the gas, j her heart in her throat. The next moment she barely stifled a scream. " It is only I—Kenrick Prince. Don't yon know me, -Mrs Tarfit 1" said a voice that { went through her like a current of electri city—why, she did sot pause to think. "Mr Prince?" she stammered, all herj senses ;in a whirl,staring at him with won What had he done to himself since she saw -him such a short time before in that tower.room? Why, if he had not called his own name, she would hardly have known him, he was so white, so wild-looking.. The thought did flash over her that per haps he had seen the -ghost, or whatever it was, that had scared Beese. Never was a man so altered before in so short a time. "Don't yon know me ?" he said again, in j hollow, despairing accents. " Yon don't ] look as if yon did." The housekeeper stood in an utter stupe faction of bewilderment. Was it became he had been drinking that made him so look so dreadfully, so changed i "Yon—yon look so strange!" she stam mered again. Are yon ill 1 What has hap pened to yon ?" •' Yon would not believe me if I told yon," he said. "I have been in hell, Tarfit—I have, truly." As he spoke he went toward her. His I white teeth were clenched. He looked wan | and wasted thin to. a shadow. "Pity me—help ,me 1" he mattered,lifting | such anguished, horror-filled eyes to her face that the housekeeper extended her hands. "Tton't 1 Oh, don't take on. so, ■ -Mr | Prince 1" He caught the hands in his with the I strangest cry, and dropping his poor, ghastly and.haggard face npon them, burst into] tears. 