PAID IN FULL. CHAPTER I. IT was a close sultry afternoon in mid-July-so hot was it indeed that, even in the carefully shaded room of Lady Monteith's luxurious house in South Kensington, a feeling of languor and depression settled upon the spirits, breathing became a matter of difficulty, and the very dogs, with panting sides and projecting tongues, selected dark sheltered corners, evidently regarding with marked disfavour the brilliant streaks of sunshine which insisted on making an entry through chinks and crevices. In a cane rocking-chair, with a light fan in her hand, reclined the mistress- of the house, Lady Monteith, widow of Sir George Monteith, Baronet, a handsome dignified woman of two-and-forty, whose prematurely white hair seemed to enhanoe rather than detract from the beauty of the rich dark complexion and soft velvety brown eyes. Lady Monteith *vas clad in a loose white tea-gown ; but, notwithstanding the coolness of her aitire, she fanned herself unceasingly, murmuring plaintively. ' Upon my word, the room is a positive furnace, and yet every window is open 1 I think it is the hottest day I ever experienced. That poor child, I pity her; my blood is at fever-heat with only thinking of her! Good gracious, there is a carriage stopping at the house ! It can't be time yet!' Lady Monteith looked at her watch. ' Why, it is only two I1 she murmured, in tones of ve» tion. ' Burton has made a mistake-he was told three-rand now those poor horses will have to stand in this awful glare for an hour f The door opening interrupted her. ' Mrs. Marchmont, my lady,' the foot man announced. ?Why, Edna,* exclaimed Lady Mon teith, rising impulsively as an elegant woman somewhat younger than herself came slowly, across the darkened room, . who would have thought of seeing you at this time of day ?' . 'I have come to lunch,' panted the other, dropping into a chair and unfurl ing her enormous fan. ? Oh, I am so sorry I' Lady Monteith cried. , . Well, that is hospitable, any way. «I mean I am so sorry we have had lunch.' 11 thought your hour was two. . So it is generally; but to-day we had it at one to suit Marion. But I will have some set for you at once.' .For Heaven's sake, don't 1' cried Mrs. Marchmont, catching at her com panion's arm. ' I am thankfu\ to get off lunching to-day. To tell you the truth, my -reason for bisving sunstroke and coming out at this unearthly hour was that I felt I could not stand the children's .early dinner; so I invented an engage ments lunch with you. I really cduld not endure my house any longer;'-yours is hot enough, but mine is fifty times worse.' 1 But you roust have something, said Lady Monteith. «Well, have you any ice?' ' I expect so. Marion's appetite for ices is phenomenal; and, as the cook, in common with the rest of the servants, idolises her, we generally have lemon- ice going all day in such weather as this.' .Then let me have a good plate of it and some fruit-nothing else, for mercy's sake V Mrs. Marchmont's airy floral bonnet having been confided to the care of the lady's-maid, the two old school-friends sat quite silently wrtiV the visitor, having consumed her ice and strawberries, asked, with a groan pf relief .And where is Marion? At oneof those eternal tennis parties, I presume?" Lady Monteith shook her head with a smile; but her smile was rather »n anxious one, which the quick-eyed visitor discovered at once. ' Marion is lying 4own in her-own room,' l.*dy Monteith replied; 'It is cooter at the back of the house.' . But the child is not ill, is she?" Mrs. Marchmont asked anxiously. ' No; thank Heaven, she is quite well 1' 'Then why in the name of goodness is she lying down at this time of day ? '' I made her do so against her wish. She looks as pale as a ghost with over excitement and nervousness already.' Mrs. Marchmont raised her pretty white hands with a groan. < I think the heat has affected your head, Alice,' she said, with a comical air of bewilderment. ' For pity's sake, don't be so enigmatical; it is really too hot to guess riddles t To borrow one of my husband's favourite expressions, what in the world it Marion so' funked' about this afternoon ?' Lady Monteith hesitated a minute, and then, crossing the room, she seated her self by her companion and laid her hand caressingly upon her shoulder. * Can you keep a secret, Edna ?' < Can I ?" was the irritable rejoinder. ' You know I can, or you should have known it of old.' ?Well, then,' said Lady Monteith, smiling indulgently, 'Marion and I are ' funked' as ynu call it, because this is the afternoon of the Parepa-Rosa gold medal competition at the Royal Academy.' ' Well, what does that matter to you ?' ? Marion is going to try for it.' ' Nonsense lY cried Mrs. Marchmont, turning sharply on her companion. . You don't mean it, Alice ? I thought you did not approve of Marion's com peting for anything.' , . 'Nor have I previously, but this is different.' ' How different?' ' Why, the other prises, almost without exception, are money-scholarships, and I did not think it right that Marion should try for any of those while I am able to afford the expense of her training. This gold medal is only an honorable distinction, hownver, and I think it might be to her future advantage to have gained it.' Lady Monteith's voice had sunk into a whisper, and her companion, remarking her serious face, took alarm again. * 1 don't understand you, Alice,' she said uneasily; '(here is nothing wrong with the dear child, is there ?' ' No, good old friend,' the other replied tenderly, pressing the sympathetic hand that was extended towards her, ' I hope not; but sometimes I will admit I feel anxious aboyt her future. That is the reason, as you know, that I have had her musical talent trained so care fully. I am not so young as I was, Edna, and every now and then I feel very weak and down; and, whenever I am ill, I take fright at the thought of Marion left unprovided for-you know, as I have no children, at ray death all the money will go to Sir George's heir. For that reason I am letting her try for this gold medal. If she gets it-and, from what I hear, there seems to be little doubt that-she will--the possession of it will be of great assistance to her if any thing should happen to me and she should be compelled to earn her own living.' 'But surely there can never be any necessity for that?'said Mrs. Marchinont earnestly. 'Not during my lifetime, nor if I live to be old,' was the grave reply; 1 but so far I have managed to save very little. My income from my husband's estate is not more than half what it'was when he died fifteen years ago, and I am not good at contriving; neither can I bear to deny Marion any pleasure-and her tastes are rather extravagant, I must admit' ' But her grandmother left her money, did she not ?' * A very little-something under two thousand pounds-not nearly sufficient to support her. However, with her voice, she could always command a comfortable income; and therefore I am not very uneasy on her account, especially if she had the kudos this gold medal would give her.' | ' Ana you (eel confident that she will succeed in getting it ?' ' Certainly I do; not from what she says herself, mind-the child is a singular compound of extreme enthusiasm and modesty-but I hear the Academy gossip from Paul Edmiston, who says no one will have a chance against her.' ' I don't doubt Marion's talent for a moment,'said Mrs. Marchmont, breaking [ into a pleasant laugh-' I have never heard any singing that charmed me so much; but Paul Edminston's is scarcely an impartial opinion. Why, the young fellow is deeply smitten with Marion; anybody can see that with half an eye!' I Then, if he is he has the good sense to keep it to himself atpresent,' replied Lady Monteith. ' If he is ? Why Alice, where are your I eyes? I've often wondered why you encouraged him here.' ' Why should I not ?' asked Lady Monteith gravely. 'Why, heisas poor as a church mouse, isnHief' 'He has very little, certainly-a hundred and "fifty a year, I think, that bis father left him. He has a magni ficent tenor voice, however, and in a few years he will probably be a rich man.' ' But surely yon would not like Marion to many .a public singer?" cried Mrs. Marchmont II should like her to marry the man she loves,' murmured Lady Monteith, her soft eyes glowing with tenderness. ' Paul Edmiston is a good fellow, an honourable chivalrous gentleman; what better husband could I wish for my darling ? Edna, you know how happy my married life was. I should be satis fied with nothing less for my dear; but perfect happiness can come only of perfect sympathy.' Mrs. Marchmont looked at her com panion in some surprise ; it was not often that the gentle placid Lady Monteith showed so much emotion. ' And you think there is perfect sym pathy between those two youug people ?' she murmured. With a slight shrug of the shoulders Lady Monteith rose. ' I don't say so for a moment, Edna ; I am by no means sure but that theirs is quite a passing fancy. I -only meant that Paul Edmiston is a young man thoroughly after my own heart. How ever he is going away to Italy for an in definite period, and Heaven only knows what may happen before he comes back. I may be dead and gone, and Marion a public .singer herself. 'Heaven forbid I' exclaimed Mrs. Marchmont fervently. 'I can't under stand you, Alice; I should have thought you had had a sufficient sickener of Bohemian marriages in your family to shake your very unconventional notions on this subject' ; Lady Monteith did not reply, but her pale cheeks flushed and her lips began to tremble. At once the impulsive Mrs. Marchmont rose and, crossing to her friend, took her hand in hers. ' Forgive me, dear,' she murmured;' I did not mean to distress you ; I am a careless wretch-I am always hurting somebody's feelings; but I really hoped that old wound was healed now.' ' It will never be healed entirely,' re joined the other, with a sigh ; ' every1 time I look at Marion I think of her mother. My sister was only two years older than Marion when she died-only one-and-twenty.' ' I remember,' said Mrs. Maichmont gravely. Then, after a moment's silence, she continued, in a whisper,' And her husband-do you often hear from him ?' ' I have not heard for three years,' re- j plied Lady Monteith, with an air of anxiety; ' he saw my mother's death in the paper by chance, and then he wrote and asked how she had left her money.' ' Did he express any wish to see his daughter ?. ' No, thank goodness, he did not!' 1 But I suppose he writes to her occa sionally ?' Lady Monteith shook her head, glanc ing uneasily in the direction of the door. (To be Continutd.) 