WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW! Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at Kb. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, bat in good order. One night early fn December (1691J the two women locked all tbe doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul io die house. They left the gas burning, bow-ever, in the front parlour. At about naif-past eleven they returned, and entered tbe honse laughing and talking. Bat as they went into the parlour the tnerrv humour died out of them in a second. Eight in the uriddlp of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his. face was concealed by *. mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes ifl it. His skirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistoL The women fled screaming from tbe room, and when Mr. Jennings came id five utiaates inter he found do one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women sro ! ' During a recent period of ill-health,** writes an American friend, 'I bad slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doac by te&hT; seemed like the calling of mtf name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked fire Tears before, as she was leaving home to co on a journey, on which foorney she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to teU of it, ana the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet X did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for F*e never seen it since, and it's more titan three years ago now. No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of cona*Moa. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, ot Darracott Road, Potcsdown, Hants, wrote us as follows: — ?-/ watt w dreadfully nerrons I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 18S9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to hed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was mck most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he diduX know what my compLmit was. I took- nothing but liqmd food, and could not retain even that oh my stomach. By this time I was nothing bat skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfolly I thought I lould lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. *' I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I tt-as taking. She told me uhe was lierself once just as badly off, and was cored by Mother SeigeVs Curative Syrup. Ab she seemed to have so much faith in rhis medicine, I tried it, and in three days I wai able to walk across the roomt and by the end of (lie week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever, I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me.' The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original canse was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only wbeu the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the uerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Undgeport ghost, it remains trne that roost uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by Indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of tbe -person wbo sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural md wholesome. 