A Peculiar People. THE GILBERT ISLANDS NATIVES. A KING WITH A VERY SMALL INCOME. THE TREATMENT OF THE DEAD. STRANGE MARRIAGE CUSTOMS. We take the following interesting ac count of the Gilbert Group, recently taken possession of by Great Britain, from the San Francisco Chboitccle : Lying away down in the Pacific Ocean, so far beyond the Hawaiian kingdom, that Honolulu is celled by Bailing vessels the half-way house between the Golden Gate and their coral reefs, are the Gilbert Islands. Their natives ara governed by petty chiefs and kings, and form a Tare and interesting combination of Heathenish cuptoms and religious teachings. The avarice of the miser and the thoughtless waste of the child make up a general dis position at once affectionate and cruel, which proclaim that the work of the some times devout missionary and the association of the worldly civilised trader have not yet been able to effect a change of their moral character or prepare them for a higher civilisation. The hoisting of the British flag at the village of Butaritari, on the Island of Butaritari, the visit of King Tibureimoa to the United States in the hope of securing some eorfc of recognition or relief, and the result of the King's self-appointed mission are all well known ; but from Mrs. A. Rick, wife of the ex United States Consul at Butaritari, who has juet returned to San Francisco, have been learnt something of the strange customs f and peculiar characteristics of the inhabi tants of the Gilbert Islands not hitherto published. Mr. and Mrs. Rick were for several yearB residents of the islands previous to the appointment of Mr. Rick to the consulate at Butaritari in 1887, and were there when Captain Davis, of the British navy, hoisted England's flag on the island, notwithstand ing the vigorous protest of the powerless old King. The kingdom over which. Tibureimoa reigns consists of three islands, Butari tari, Big Mokin, and Little Mokin, popu lated by 4000 . inhabitants. The revenue enjoyed by Tibureimoa would not serve for pin money for many a young San Francisco belle, but the habits of the monarch of those islands are not expensive, and his costumes lack the splendor which dis tinguish Eastern Courts. He taxes the 13 foreign storekeepers lOOdol eacH per an num, and every male subject pays him Idol, every woman 50c, and every child 25c each year. He also receives all the fines which may be imposed for trifling offences against hie kingly dignity or the peace of any of his faithful subjects'. In this way, King Tibureimoa manages to live a jolly life, entirely typical of his race. He is heathen or Christian as may best serve his term — not hesitating to pray like a priest, swear like a sailor, or lie like a politician whenever his interests are met by it. While the islands have been the field of active missionary effort for years, accord ing to the observations of Mrs. Rick, whose opportunities for investigation were wide and covered a period of a dozen years, there has been very little really accomplished. The native swings into line with the Christian to-day, or at any and all times -when in his presence ; but this lady, shortly before her departure from Butaritari, frequently saw the professed Christian islander secretly teaching the little children weird heathen danceB and wild incantations — certain proof that while missionary teachings are outwardly ac cepted the native mind and heart still cling to the customs taught and believed in through the gone centuries. Formerly it was the custom in the islands to inflict the death penalty upon both parties to adultery, so that the moral status of the natives in olden dayB, as may be readily supposed, -was such, a sight as might put the standard of chastity in any land to the blush, but under the benign and ameliorating influences of civilsation the law has been changed so that now a fine takes the place of the more heroic punishment and a few coins hide the stains which, in former times could only be wiped out with, blood. But to return to the King's revenues. From all these sources Tibureimoa receives about 8000dol per annum. His table — that is when he does not eat sitting on the floor on a mat — is supplied with the choicest fish taken by his subjects from the adjacent sea, and whenever he sees fit he serves notice on any particular native tbat he wants his crop of cocoanuts, and he gets it. The natives idolize their children. Little ones are not permitted to -walk until they are 7 or 8 years old, but the old people axe not the objects of solicitude, and are compelled to look out for themselves or starve. One of the peculiar customs, and the most repellant and revolting that can be imagined, is the treatment of the dead by the islanders. While an old person living is held of no account, the moment the breath leaves the body it becomes an object of the most ardent affection and venera tion. The corpse is not buried' nor cast into the sea, nor does it feed a funeral pyre. It is simply kept in the house. The sick die on a mat in the low hut, and the remains are each morning taken -without the house, where they remain until sunset, when' they are again brought within. This horrible treatment is kept up until nothing but bones remain. These imperishable relics- are stack up in cracks about the house, and like the clay of imperial Csesar, 'might stop a hole to keep the wind away.' The eick-are left to heal themselves, so far as native skill or surgery may aid them. There are ' doctors, it is true ; but their treatment would not be thought beneficial in civilised countries. If a per son be sick he is taken out at sunset and placed on a mat just at th.« edge of tha sea, and the ' doctor,' carrying a torch made of the split bark of the cocoanut tree, marches about the patient three times with the flaming brand waving slowly above his head in a measure with his stap, at the same time chanting in low, slow tone a sort of eong. This mummery is re peated at intervals until the corpse is con veyed home or the sick one gets well. Marriage among the natives is eimply accomplished and as quickly undone. ] Women are regarded as cattle ot any other property. If a man marries a girl ii« seizes her by the hair of the head, where ever he may find her and, notwithstanding her protestations, drags her away to his home. This resistance is not. often, serious for, with that true sense of coquetry which makes all womankind kin, a show of refusal is made. Arrived at the house of the groom, a wedding feast is furnished forthwith, to which all the immediate friends of the ' contracting parties' are in vited. But invitation implies that those responding must each one bring some article to the banquet. There is no farther ceremony. When a man grows weary of his wife he Bimply orders her to leave, and if she does not take the hint he removes her much as he wooed and won her — by the hair of her head. To the minds of the natives the islands are peopled with ghosts. In the evening those who stir about the beach or penetrate the thick tropical darkness carry rifles -with them. Asked -what they do this for, the answer is, ' Ghosts.' They fear the de parted shades more than any living thing. Singularly enough, they believe that these ghosts are the spirits of their dead relatives and friends and yet they hold them in mortal terror. A strange custom among the islanders is this, that begging never meets refusal. However much one may prize his gun, his boat or cocoanuts, persistent begging will secure possession without payment. When the islander is at his meal he is bound to ask any native who may happen to pass his door, no matter however bitter an enemy, to enter and eat with him. Hostilities, -while the meal proceeds, are at an end. King Tibureimoa has a council of old men, and indirectly absolutely controls the landB of his little k'ingdom, and for certain offences may confiscate them. Dif ferent possessions are marked by little piles of stones, and the owners grow so familiar with their holdings that they know every tree and to whom it belongs, and not infrequently can instantly tell the very tree from which the cocoanut comes from by its appearance. The product is to the native of the Gilbert Islands what gold is to the resident of San Francisco. It is meat, drink, clothing, home — everything. The nut is eaten green, dried, reduced to a paste and cooked. The juice of the tree makes , his ' toddy,' which, will make a native drunk and keep him so for a week. The sap makes sugar. The trunk builds his home and its bark and leaves his thatched' roof, the mats for his bed, his boat and Mi clothes. The population of the little kingdom is decreasing. Large families are directly discouraged. The custom attendant upon childbirth is not calculated to raise the percentage of infantile life, for at the ac couchement nature is aided by vigorous kicks and maulings, and the little native first sees the light of day and takes a plunge bath in the ocean at one and the same moment -without regard to tempera ture or other conditions. Tibureimoa built a dock or mole 1500ft long, 14ft wide, and 8ft above high water, out from Butaritari to 15ft depth, and offered it , to Ameriea. It was con structed of stone at infinite pains and much labor, and the natives -were engaged for years in carrying rocks on their backs from many parts of the island to create this mole. But Tibuxeimoa's entreaties were unavail ing, and the English flag now flies from the end of the old King's stone wb.arf. Butaritari, The Chief City of The Gilberts. King Tibureimoa and Prince Pane. 