I LlTERAllY>.h DEBATING | , SOCIETIES' UNION. ,' PUBLIC, COMPETITIONS. ; ~"*~ There was a large gathering of the more intellectual classes of the city in the Town ball last evening at the fourth annual literary and other compositions of the Tasmanian Literary and Debating Societies' Union, last Lambert Dobson presided.!. Mr. Bradshaw Major gave an organ recital between 735 and 7.45, the numbers being " Taccato'ntid fugue in D minor" (High), Last movement of C minor symphony " Ccothovon), "Bell Offertoire" (Batiste), and the "Semiramide overture" (Rossini). All the numbers were well received. Sir Lasiiibut Dobson then stopped forward, and said; This was the for the time that these competitions had taken place amongst the various literary societies in and around Hobart. They had met to carry on the good work which had been hitherto carried on with so much success. What In had to say on the competitions he intended to reserve until after they had taken place, became he preferred to comment upon what he had seen and heard rather than to prophesy on what was about to take place. In olden days the Greeks used to meet at Olympic to have great contests in athletic exercises and feats of endurance and strength; but the members of this Literary Union met for a much nobler and higher object, namely, to test the efficiency of those who were amongst the ablest of our rising literary and cultured young men. (Applause.) Whilst the Greeks of old rose a brute standard of manhood, they were that evening identifed with taking part in pro , making a much higher standard of manhood among our young men and the rising genera- tion generally. (Applause.) In those old days the visitors were satisfied with the olive crown and the plaudits of their fellow citizens ; success was their great object, and he was quite sure that on this evening she can was the great object in view of everyone who would compete, and no doubt some trifling equivalent to the olive crown would be forthcoming. He would not now say more, and forthwith the competitions would commence. (Applause.) Miss Young (associate Chalmers' Literary Society) having played a waltz, in E flat on the pianoforte, with very good effect, Four gentlemen competed for the elocu- tion prizes presented by Mr. John McIntyre and Mr. D. Shaw, and they entertained the audience thoroughly, as was evinced by repeated applause, The subjects selected were varied-from grave to gay, from lively to severe. Mr. J T. Hynes splendidly recited " The Sea Captain's Story," from Bulwer Lytton's " Dream of the Birthright," as a representative of the Catholic Literary Society; Mr. J. Nettlefold (Chalmers Literary Society) recited " The Road to Heaven " (G, R. Sims.) This was most pathetically told. Mr, W. J. Bailey-(New Town Literary Society) chose "Karl the Martyr" (F. Whiteside), which was well received, and Mr. L, G, Cockhead (New Town Literary Society) " The Revenge" (Tennyson), also a really clever histrionic effort. Messrs. J. McIntyre, C. H. Elliston, and Tenison, who acted as judges, awarded first prize to Mr. Nettlefold, and second to Mr. L G. Cockhead. Mr. Nettlefold will repeat his recitation at the people's concert to-morrow evening. The prizes offered by the Hon. N. E. Lewis and Mr. J. Longmore brought out five aspirants for the heights of Parnassus in the form of orators. Mr. W. R. C. Jarvis (Hobart Parliamentary Society took "The founding of America by the Pilgrim Fathers. " He seemed to have completely memorised tho whole of his effort, but still being much younger than the other competitors, he did very well, keeping on till " time " was bs llcd(8miu.),with(iuiteuatuuch force in what he said us some of our legislators in the Assembly display in speaking for a full half-hour at a stretch. Mr. H. B. Bignold (St. David's Literary Society) was quite a free speaker, and what he had to say on the same subject was fresh and original. Mr. W. J. Bailey (New Town Literary Society) chose the subject of "Gambling" for a vigorous delivery in condemnation of the vice, being in turn humorous and argumentative, and he quoted several authorities in support of all he had to advance. When he emphasised that we cannot afford to improve the breed I of horses at the expense of humanity he "brought down the house. " He finished in a few seconds after Mr. Fysh called "time," and was accorded prolonged applause. Mr. H. Shirley (Catholic Literary Society) displayed much thought over which had to say on Macaulay. Mr. Barrett, New Town Literary Society, also took up " Gambling" as his text. He hit santo sharebrokers and same other brokers present in saying that land-booming and mine-booming was gambling pure and simple Mr. Barrett " laid it on thick in telling his audience that gambling was carried on in these colonies to a greater extent than in any other part of the civilised world. This assertion was not applauded, Time was called before Mr. Barrett could finish his animadversions on gambling in mines in Tasmania. The judges (Mr. Justice Dodds, Hon. P. O. Fysh, and the Hon. A. Dobson) awarded the first prize to Mr. Bailey, and the second to Mr. H. Shirley. In solo singing (hero competed Mr. E. McNamara (Catholic Literary Society), who sung "The Skipper" (W. H. Jade) in a promising baritone voice and Mr. O. Kalb- fell (Chalmers Literary Society), "The Holy City " (Stephen Adams in a tenor voice of nice quality. Mr. H. M. Stein bach, Mr. Bradshaw Major, and Mrs. Sutton, who were the judges gave the prize to Mr. Kalbfell. 1 The ghost scene from Hamlet was the dramatic effort of the Chalmers Literary 1 Society for the Hon. J. Henry's prize, The dramatic persoN were Messrs. H. J. Buckland as Hamlet; A. G. Water- worth, Horatio ; J. Watson, Marcellus ; J Nettlefold, ghost. Mr. Buckland's impersonation of Hamlet was exceedingly good for an amateur. The Catholic Literary Society, chose act III., scene 4, and not V., ecouo 3, from The Rivals (scenes leading up to the duel), which were splendidly performed by Messrs, G. Shirley, Bob Acres ; J. Gleeson, Sir Lucius O'Trigger P MuPartlan, Captain Absolute ; F. Banks, Falkland ; A. Stuart, David ; K. McNamara, servant. This Society were awarded the prize by the gentlemen who also made the awards for elocution, The impromptu speech competition gave the audience an opportunity of exercising their critical faculties, and see the humorous side of the business to the height of their bent. Mr. J. Adams (Parliamentary Society as a youth, enlarged very well on the beauties of the seasons; Rev. Mr. Moorhouse (Parliamentary Society), spoke on novel reading, showing it uses and abuses. Mr. W. J. Bailey spoke again very freely and in- tellectually on this subject. Mr. O. Kalbfell spoke on Constitution," but Rome was not built in a day, and he found it too Billi a subject for an impromptu effort, Mr. Billy took first honours, and Rev Mr. Moorhouse second. There were a good number of competitors with impromptu essays for prizes offered by Messrs. Cassell & Co., and the Literary Union. The essays had to be written in the hall during the performance of an organ solo, and the subject announced by the judges at the time. Mr. W. J Bailey won with a very smart and sharp essay on the larrikin. It would have done some of the bush" good to have been present to hear it read. The Chief Justice will probably bear part of it in mind. Mr. H. Shirley was given the second prize. The Rev. Mr. Moorhouse won Miss Amy Chapman's prize essay on "The advantages of the study of history," and Mr. W. J. Bailey the second prize, which was given by His Excellency Lord Gormanston, Rev. T. Kelsh, Professor Williams, and Mr S. Clemes were the judges. Prize poem for Messrs J. Walch c Som, Miss Hooley. Judges-Mrs. L. A. Meredith, Mr W. H. Dawson, and Mr. E. A. Lamprill. _ Belt prize manuscript magazine Parliamentary Debating Society. At the conclusion of the competitions Sir LAUin-.KTDoiibON congratulated unconcerned on the high order of merit attended, and spoke of the immense advantages of literary and debating institutions. They should all, however, take care to speak the English language correotly-(Applause)-and to pronounce it correctly. He was very glad that evening to notice (though here and there he detected trifling errors) an absence of that marked colonial dialect which so terribly destroyed the English language (Applause) They all liked to hear the English language spoken with a dash of Scotch or Irish about it, as either helped to give it piquancy, but unfortunately for Australia the dialect adopted was not that of an educated person or a man of culture ; it was more a low London dialect than anything else. Amprlua struck out dialect of her own by the adoption of the nasal twang, which was at any rate an original idea, but there was not even the merit of originality about the district so often heard in these colonies. It was a blemish which should be struggled against. (Applause) The proceedings then terminated with a vote of thanks to Sir Lambert Dobson for presiding; ' I ".,.'' 1.' via 