'NEwiLEABNiKG.' If any of our readwa donbt the originality andgaoninenm ot the'sean* below, weean Graham, o( Aaigy, - Wagland, who has, the' London Wis umiM t pdn Inn the jtar.jt. ? WBtapriro he wrote 'Uhe Pil. !grun- Progress'' and married a lady' — Wesley was the Ioundcr -3 the_W|isl^»u Chapel, who waa afterward -»ueu IfOpd Wellington ; a nannnient vu to him in Hyde Park, bot it has been taken down lately.— What is Divine' Bight f The liberty to do what yoa like in ohuroh.— Perkln Wiubeok raised a rebellion In the reign of Henry VIII. He said he was the son of a prince, bnt he was TeaOy the son of respeotable people.— PhoBtttiaB6-»The : inventors of Phoenician blinds. — Baoohauel — A. native of Beohuana in South Africa.— Ohimcera— A thing need. to take likonosofin | with.— Watershed— A plaoie in which boats are stored in winter.— Oynioal— A oynieal I lumpof ^agar is one pdmted at the lop:'— 1 Seats wrote a savage, ^rittoism on Endyzn ion, which brought ' on . oonsumption.— Hamlet was very weak-minded. Pond of study. Bnt was too weak to fulfill his duty! which the Ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He pro fains mad ness, he really only put it on but some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king aBked him if he would have something to drink and he had put poisin in it & Hamlet Bald he would wait the Qaeen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father & drinks the poisin and dies,— What do you understand by the Augustan age in English literature P We mean the time of Oaedon, who flourished and wrote 'Oomus* about the time that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent.— Briefly describe the heart ana its function or work.— The heart is a comical shaped bag. The heart is devided into several parts by a fleshy, petition. These parts ace oalled light artillery, left artillery, and eo forth. The funotion of the heart is between the lungs. The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute.— What are themeta* morphio rooks f Books that contain meta phors.—1 What is the matter P' queried a teacher - You seem to be rather uncomfort able there.' 4 I've got the interjection, sir,' was the unexpected nply.— Explain the word fort and fortress. A fort is a plaoe to put men in, and a fortress Is a plaoe to put women in.—' What is a Republican ? A Rs poblioan is a sinner mentioned in the Bible. —The two chief volcanoes in EiropeP Sodom and Gomorrah.' 