THE JEWELLED SKULL. A ROMANCE FROM A DETECTIVE'S CASE BOOK. BUSILY engaged one morning in my office in trying to solve some knotty problems that called for my earnest atten tion, I was suddenly disturbed by a knock at the door, and, in answer to my 'Come in." one of my assistants entered, although I had given strict orders that I was not to be disturbed for two hours. ' Excuse me, sir,' said my man, ' but a no denial.' ' I thought I told you not to disturb me under any circumsUiuces,' I replied some what tartly. ' Yes, so you did. Rut the : gentleman insists upon. seeing you. He says his busi ness is most urgent.' ' Who is he J' ' Here is his card, sir.' I glanced at the card the assistant handed to mo. It bore the name— C'ol.ON KL MXtlKlCK OnF.IX, Tlio Star and Gurter Club. Colonel -Maurice Odclt was an utter stranger to'. me. I never heard his name before; but I know that thu Star and Garter Club was a club of the highest rank, and that its members were men of imsition and eminence. I therefore considercil it probable tlint the Colonel's business was likely, as ho said, to bo urgent, und I told my assistant to show him iu. A few minutes later tho door opened, and there entered a tall, thin, wiry-looking man, with an unmistakable military bearing. ' Pardon 1110 for intruding upon you, Mr. Donovan,' he said, bowing stiflly aud form ally, 'but I wish to consult you about a very important matter, atui, as 1 leave tor Egypt to-morrow, I hiive very little time at my disposal.' 'I am at your service, Colonel,' I replied, as I pointed to a scat. ' I will bo as brief as possible,' he began, as he placed his highly polished hat ana his umbrella on the the table. 'I am a military man, and have spent much of my time in India, but two years ago I returned home, and took up my residence nt the Manor, Eslier. Twice since I went to livu there the place has been robbed in a somewhat mysterious manner. The first occasion was a littlo over a year ago, when a number of antique silver cups wore stolen. The Scot land Yard authorities etideuvourcd to trace the thieves, but failed.' ' I think I remember hearing something about that robbery,' I remarked, as I tried to recall tho details. ' But in what way was it a mysterious one!' ' Because it wus impossible to determine how the thieves gained access to tho house. Tho place had not been broken into.' ' How about your servants ' I asked. ' Oil, I haven t a servant who isn't honesty it- self.' ' Pray proceed. What about the second robbery!' ' That is what I havo come to you ubout. It is a very serious business indeed, and 1ms been carried out in the mysterious way that characterised tlie first one.' 'You mean ic is serious us regards the value of the proporty stolen ! ' 'I11 one sense, yes; but it is some thing more than tlmt. During my stay in India I rendered very considerable service indeed to tho Rajah of Mooltan, a man of great wealth. Beforo I left India he presented me with .1 souvonir of u very oxtraordinary character. It was nothing more nor less than the skull of one of his ancestors.' ' Excuse me, Colone), but you can Iiurdly expect. 1110 to devoto. my energies to tracing this somewhut gruosome souvenir of yours, which probably the thief will hasten to bury as speedily as possible, unless ho happens to bo of a very morbid turn of mind.' ' You aro a little premature;' said the Colonel, with a suspicion of sternness. ' Tlmt skull has been valued at upwurdsof 1M2,000. ' Twelve thousand |iouih1s !' I echoed, as my interest in my visitor deepened. ' Yes, sir ; twelve thousand pounds. It is fashioned into a drinking goblet, bound with solid gold bands, and encrusted with precious stones. In the lint torn of the goblet, inside, is a diamond of the purest water, and which alone is said to be worth two thousand pounds. My friend the Rajah told mo that if ever I parted with it, or it wus stolen, ill fortune would ever after wards pursue mo.' 'But you say you leave for* Egypt to morrow !' ' Yes. And shall probably be absent six months.' ? ? ' Then I had better travel down to Usher ot once.' I .' retired 1 to my sanctum ; and reap peared in. a few minutes in thu cha racter of a : venerable parson. As it was important ; that none : of the; .house hold should know tlmt I was a. detective, I begged that ho would introduce me as tho Rev. Jnliu Mnrsludl, and then we took the train down to Esher. I found tlmt besides (lie goblet some antique rinus and a few pieces of gold and silver, had beon carried oft. The lost skull had been kept under a glass shade in what the Colonel culled his 'Treasure Chamber.' window. The walls wero wainscoted, half way up, and tho upper part was hung with iupestry. The Colonel assured mu (hut the door of this room was ulwuys kept locked;- hind' the key was never out of his possession. The lower part ofthechimneyof thoold-fashioned fireplace I noticed was protected by iron bars let into tlio masonry, so that the thief, L was sure, did notrcomo down the chimney ; nor did ho come in at the window, for it only opened nt each sido, and tlio apertures were so small that, a child could iiot have squeezed through. -! Nevertheless tlio thief had suc ceeded in gett ing into tho 'room. .'How'did lie mnnago it ! - .That was the problem Iliad to eolve, und that done I felt that I should be nblo to get a clue to tlio robber. . , : ; ? 1 found tlio Colonel's family consisted of his wife— 1111 Anglo-Indian lady— three charming daughters, liis ; eldest son; Ronald Odell, ii yuuug man about 24, and a younger ; son, a youth- of 12. The family wero waited; upon at - tablo ' by two parlour-maids, the: butler, undu page-boy. The butler was an elderly,.; sedato, ^gentlemanly-looking man ; the boy had an , open, frank - face, . and the same iwimrk'u|iplied to tho two girls. . As I studied them 1 saw^ nothing calculated to -aisn niy suspiuiohs'iii any way. * Indeed, I (ftlt instinetivcly thut' I could safely pledge nyself for thoir honesty.'' 1 -i' , Ronald Odolliwus; 11 most extraordinary looking young fellow. , llo.ltnd. been born; ,\nd brought. up in India, , anil seemed ,to siifl'ur from an .unconquerable, lassitudo, that ^ave him u lifeless, Insipidiuppeaiaiiee. , He *.vus very dark, ivitli ' dreahiy, langiijd oyes, ; ind au expressionless fucil ;bf a peculiar sidlowiicss. 1 In wan ; tall :nnd - thin.'iwithi hands* that woiu' inost noticeable,, owing -to; the length, flexibility,. nnd.: ihiniiess of the linirors. llo sat in- tho chair with, .his; body; huddled up as it were; ' his .long lejisi si retched straight' out; beforo bun ; his pointed chin resting on his chest, whilo he teemed to smoke his cigar as if unconscious of what ho was iloiti'. ' ' i 1 fin ing passed' the household ? iii review, without result, T requested that- 1'inight' be lllowx'd; to spend u sliort tinio alono .m the 1110111 from wlienco the skull had been stolen. The floor was polished und immov iiblo, but a part of the wainscoting gave back a hollow sound to my raps, and I wns of opinion that f lic room find been eutored by u secret door. Although convinced that; the panel which guvo back the hollow souudi was a door, I could detect 110 means of opon ing it. On rejoining the Colonel. I asked to bo allowed carte blanche in the matter, aud' this. I10 granted. I told him that many things ''necessarily! seemed extraordinary when tno reasons for, them were not understood, Jind witli that remark I took my departure, having. pro- mised the Colonel to do ever} I bin ? ,,'v'l-tul muu uuum Vy I'tttfyfk' the loot itkwiU 1 Three day*. Inter I «enl ilowu to in Manor disguised ns a working plumber, mr was admitted without any difficulty. As n 'I'VRnt wns showing tno 11 psl nits to the tc- .uling, where a traii-door in the ceiling i-ave access to the leads, I passed Ronald Odell on thestnirs. He was at tiled in a long dressing- gown, had Turkish slippers on bis eet, a fez on liis head, and a cigar in his mouth, from which he was puffing great volumes of smoke. His face was almost ghastly in its pallor, und his eyes had the same dreamy look which I had noticed on my first visit. His hands were thrust deep in his pocket', and his movements and manner were suggestive of n person walking in his sleep, rather tlmn a waking conscious man. This suggestion was heightened by the fact that before I could avoid him he ran full butt againstme. That, however, seeuiedto partially arouse him from th? . JethiKgic condition, and turning round, with a fierceness of expression that I scarcely deemed him capable of, he exclaimed — ' You stupid fool, why don't you look where you are goinu to ! ' I muttered out an apology, and ho strode down the stairs growling to himself. My object iu going 011 to the roof was to see if there was any communication between there and the ' Treasure Chamber.' I noticed a trap door between two chimney stalks, but found it fastened. . So after a time I went back and inquired of the servant wheic the communication with the other trap door was. She conducted me to the lumber room, which she assuied iue was haunted, and there left me at the door, saying, ' There you are, but I aint a-going in.' The room was in total darkness, but having procuied a caudle I commenced to explore. It was filled with a miscellaneous collection of lumber. A flight of steps led to the trap door I had noticed on the roof, but I found they had not been trodden on ; for a very long time. The walls of the room were wainscoted. Goiug down 011 iny knees I examinod the floor with a magnifying glass, and detected footmarks made by slippered feet that led to one particular corner of the room. This was very suggestive, and on rapping the - wainscot iu that |»ai t found it was hollow. Unconsciously I touched u spring iu the woodwork, and the door swung open. By tlio light of the candle I discerned the head of a flight of steps built in the thickness of the wall. ; I saw unmistakable traces of the slippered feet on the steps as I descended. I reached tlie bottom, and found further progress barred by a door that was without bundle or lock; but, after sometime, I dis covered a small wooden knob sunk iu the woodwoi k ut the side, and, pressing this, the door, with almost absolute uoiselessness, slid back, and lo ! the ' Treasure Chamber ' was revealed. In the face of this discovery, I no longer entertained a doubt that the thief had entered the room by meons of tliw secret passage. And tliore was no one in the whole household upon whom ' my suspicions fixed with the exception of Ronald Odell. If my assumption that he was the thief wus correct, the mystery wus so far explained ; and my next step was lo discover why he had robbed his father, and- what he had done with the property. He wits so stiange and peculiar that somehow I could not imagine that he hud stolen the things merely for the sake- of- vulgar gain, my impression being tlmt 111 carrying off the jewelled skull lie was actuated by some extraordinary motive, quite apart from the ineru question of theft, and tliis determined me to shadow him for ii time in the hope tlint I should succeed in soon obtaining dis tinct evidence tlmt my theory was correct. Before leaving tlio house, I sought, an interview with Mrs. Odell, who was anxious to know what the result was of my investi gation : but I considered it ndvisable, in the then state of matters, to withhold from her tho discovery I had made. But, us her curiosity to learn what I had been doing on the roof was very great, I informed her that my theory was ut first that there was some connection between the roof and the 'Treasure Chamber'; but, though I lmd not proved that to be correct, I nevertheless was of opinion that the' purloiner of the articles resided iu the house. Whereupon she very naturally asked me if I suspected uny particular person. I answered her candidly that 1 did ; - but that, in the absence of anything like proof, I should not be justified in naming anyone. I assured her, however, tlmt I would use the moat strenuous efforts to obtain the proof I wanted. Before leaving her, I remarked in a casual sort of way — 'I suppose Mr. Ronald is at the head of affairs during his father's absence !' ' Well,' she began, with evident reluct nnce to say anything against her son, 'Ronald is of a very peculiar disposition. Ho seems to live quite within himself, ns it were, . and takes no interest in anything. As a .matter of fact, I see very little of him, for he usually spends his evenings from home, and does not return until late. The greater part of the day he keeps to his rooms. I am sure I am quite concerned about him nt times.' It fell to iny lot to solve this mystery u week later. I shadowed- him to a house situated in a cut de nac in the very heart of the city of London. I ascertained the house was in the occupation of - a club ; consisting of Anglo Indians. The promises were in charge of a Hindoo nnd his wife, und the members of the club met on nil average five nights a week. All this was so much more mystery, but it: was precisely in nccord with the theory I had been working out in my own mind. The next afternoon I went to the house, and the door wns opened to my knock by the Hindoo woman, who was a mild-eyed, sad-looking little creature ; I asked her if she could give me some particulars of the club that was held there, and she informed me that it was known as ' The Indian Dreamers' Club.' But boyond tlint scrap of information shedid not seem disposed to go. ' Yon had better come when my husband is here,' .she said, thereby giving me to 'understand that her husband was absent. But as I deemed it probable tlmt she might prove more susceptible to my persuasive influences than her husband, I asked her if sho would allow me to see over the premises. She declined to do this until I displayed bofore her greedy oyes cortain gold coins of tho realm, which proved too much for her cupidity, nnd sho consented to let 111c go inside. Tho ! 'entrance - hall was carpeted with a thick, massive enrpet, and the walls wero hung with black velvet. A strange, sickening odour pervnded tho air. I passed through a curtained doorway into an exten sive apartment .that rim tlio whole depth of tho building. ? Daylight being excluded, the light wus obtained from a large lamp of blood-coloured glass, and which depended from tho centre' of tlio ceiling. There wus also a niche at each end of the 100111, where a lamp of the old Roman pattern burnt. The walls of tho room wore hung with purple .velvet curtains, and tho ceiling wus also draped with the same 111ate1i.1l, while the 'floor was covcrcd with 11 rich Indian carpet into which the feot sunk. I11 the centre of the room was a tublo covered with velvet, and round tho room were most luxurious couches. The same sickly odour pervaded this remarkable chnmbcr, which was liko a tomb in its silence. On tho velvet on one aide of tho room was inscribed iu letters of gold this sentence ; 'To Dkkam is to Livu! Dkh\m on, fob to Awaken is to 1)ik ! While still engaged in examining the room a bell rang, and instantly the Hindoo woman bccamo greatly oxcited, for sho said it wus her husband, mid that ho would be so angry if he found me that sho would not be responsible for the consequencos. Sho therefore thrust me .into a recess. Nothing could have happened better, fori was resolved to remain in my place of concealment till I hud solved the mystery of the club. 'The Indian woman had told 1110 the mem bers of tho club met At seven o'clock. As the hour draw near the door oponcd and tho husband of tho woman came iu. Ho was a tall, pimvil..l, li.-t CO- !..mk in;; in. -11, ue.i-h-g-n . tui'lwt Ullll il) IiuUm' wUiuav. Jtiv pUoed three or Jnur #tmtll lighted lamp* cm he; tftblc, n!i*o n nuudjcrof qiminf. Indian drinking cups which 1 nfced from the Ascription of tlioie that had been -?tolen »om the Manor a year or. so pieviou-ly, ogether with twelve uuignificenl hookah#. These preparations con.yleted, he retired, and a quarter-of-an-hour later he returneo nnd wound up a large musical box which 1 hod not noticed, owing to itfl being concealed behind a curtain. The i.ox began tojjlay muffled nnd plaintive music. A few minutes later, and the Indian once more np)-t*ared. This time he wore a sort of dressing-gown of some rich material braided with gold.' He walked backwards, and following him in single file were twelvo men, the fust being Bonald Odell. Five of them were men of colour ; three of the others were half-castes, the rest were whites. But they all had the languid, dreamy appearance which character- . ^ ised Odell, who, as I was to subsequently learn, was their leader and president. They ranged themselves round the table silently as ghosts ; and, without a word, Ronald Odell handed a key to the Indian, who proceeded to unlock a chest, and took therefrom the skull goblet which h&d; been carried off from Colonel Odell's 11 Treasure Chamber ' by— could there any. longer be a ' doubt ? — his own son. The skull, which w&? . provided with two gold handles, and rested on gold claws, was placed on the table before the president, who poured into it the con tents of two small bottles which wereffiven to hitn by the attendant, who took them ' from the chest. He then stirred the decoc tion up with a long- haudled^silver spoon of very rich design nnd workmunship, and i which I recognised, from the 'description ; that had been given to me, us one that had I been taken from the Colonel1* collection. As I this strange mixture was stirred, the sicken ing, overpowering odour that I had uobiced ou first entering the placc became so strong is to almost overcome me, and I felt us if I should suffocate. But I struggled against the feeling ns well as I could. - The presi dent next poured a small portion of the liquor into each of the twelve cups that had been provided, and ns he raised his own to his lips he said — 41 Brother dreamers, success to our club ! May your dreams be sweet and long !' The others bowed, but made no response, and each man drained the draught, which I guessed to be ?ome potent herbal decoction for producing sleep. Then each man rose and went to a couch, and the attendant handed bim a hookah, applied a light to the bowl, and from the smell that arose it was evident the pipe? were charged with opium. As these drugged opium smokers leaned ' back on the luxurious couches, the concealed musical-box continued to play its plaintive melodies. A drowsy languor pervaded the room, and affected me to such extent that I felt as if I must be dreaming, and that the remarkable scene before my eyes was a dream vision that would speedily fade away. One by one the pipes feil from the nerveless grasp of the smokers, and were removed by the attendant. And when the last mnu had sunk into insensibility, the Indian filled a small cup with some of the liquor from the skull goblet, and drained it off. Then he charged a pipe with opium, aud, coiling himself up on an ottoman, ho began to smoke, until he, like the others, yielded to the soporific influences of the drug and the opium and went to sleep. My hour of triumph had come. I stepped from my place of concealment, feeling faint and strange, and all but overcome by an irresistible desire to sleep. I managed to stagger to the table, seize the goblet and the spoon, aud mako my way! tothe door. As I gained the passage the[ Hindoo woman confronted me, for she was ? about to enter the room. j u *»Vhat is the meaning of this?' sho cried, as she endeavoured to bar my! jwisi'age. . | u Stand back !' I said, steruly. 'lama1' detective-officer. These things have been] stolen, and I am about to restore them to their rightful owuei'.M She manifested supreme distress, bub recognised her powerlessness. Getting to the thoroughfare I hailed 'a cab, and drove home with my prize, and the following . morning I telegraphed to Egypt to an address tlie Colonel had given me, inform ing him that I had recovered the goblet. The same day I went down to the Manor at issuer, and had au interview with Mrs. Odell. I felt, in the interest of her son, that it was my duty to tell her all I had learnt the previous night. She was terribly distressed, but stated that she had suspected for some time that her son was given to opium smoking, though she hud no idea he carried the habit to such a remarkable extreme. She requested me to retain pos session of the goblet aud the spoon until her husband's return, and, in the meantime, she promised to take her weak and misguided son to task, and to have tho secret passage in the wall effectually stopped up. I should mention that 1 had managed to save a small quantity of the liquor that was in the goblet when I remuved it from the club table; and I sent this to a celebrated analytical chemist for analysis, who pro nounced it to be a very i-owerful and peculiar narcotic, made from a combination of Indian herbs with which he was not familiar. The ftenouemtnt lids yet to be recorded. A few days later Ronald Odell, after drug ging himself as usual, was found dead on one of the couches at the club. This neces sitated an inquest, and the verdict was that he had died from a narcotic, but whether taken with the intention of destroying life or merely to produce sleep there wns no evidence to show. Although I had no evi dence to offer, I was firmly* convinced in my own mind that the poor weak fellow had committed suicide, from a sense of shame ab tho discovery I had made. Of course, after this tragic affair, and the exposure it entailed, the Indian Dreamers' Club was broken up, and all its luxurious appointments were sold by auction and the members dispersed. One of the rules wus that the members of the club should never exceed twelve in number. Iu the course of six months Colonel Odell returned from Egypt and, though much cut up by the death of his son, was exceedingly gratified at the recovery of the goblet wnich the misguided youth had no doubt purloined under the impression that it was useless iu his father's treasure-room, but would adoru the table of the Dreamers' Club, of which he was presi dent. The motto of the club was singularly appropriate in his case : ' Dream on, for to awaken is to die.' He had awakened from his dream and passed into a state where dreams perplex not. — Abridged from the Strand Magazine. 