VT AQTTTTfTrnnQ! JjJbADilijltrillb. [By Focus'km.] Shunted. Protection. The longest trial on record. Living. : Black, white and read all over. ???This paper. . Nothing becomes a woman so well as white. : George Houston lleid has again wato'r spouted. .-.-;. The remains of Mr. B. Pedrotta.werc buried yesterday. How will Bunnamagoo tarn out? That is the question at Eockley. ' '':' vsubaenbe to the Advocate 11 you admire independent journalism. ' The secret's out at last. I, always said it was a woman.' — An OraDge reader. . ????... It is an unchallengeable boast of the Swiss, that their country never yet bred a traitor. The only man who works with a stick in his hand, who isn't a dudo or a drone is a comp. The Tamworth Bench has refused .to grant licences to Asiatics, and so has Wagga and Bourke. If only a Government would 'work as an Opposition says' it would do if in power, what a country we'd have. The Public Prosecutor in Paris says' that £24,000,000 of the Panama Canal Co.'s funds have been squandered. Mr. W. M. Foote, M.E., has written an excellent pamphlet ' Our Local Iron Market,' for use of Protectionists. If all the things that have been drawn and written of Parlies were piled in a heap they would probably rival in height the mythical tower of Babel. Kerr and Dwyer, bicyclists, who are passengers by the E.M.S. Orizaba from London, intend to ride from Melbourne to Port Darwin. A lad named James Mason, 10 years of age, while bathing in the Barron River (Q.), was attacked by an alligator, and eaten in sight of his father. The nineteenth President of the United States, Rutherford Birchard Hayes, has gone the way of Washing ton. Age 71 years. 'The average juryman' has caused a bit of a flutter in India. They abolished him, and Great Britain rebuked them for so doing. Many people imagine that Great Britain is the greatest iron producer in the world. On the contrary. She comes second with the United States first and Germany third. ' The defeat of the Victorian Govern ment is just what I said would happen before Sir Matthew Davies was tried. There's not the ghost of a chance of his being punished. ' The iron imports of New Soth Wales and Victoria, 1891, were as follows :?— Cast, New South Wales, 31,707 tons, Victoria, 24,701 tons. Wrought, New South Wales, 99,273 tons, Victoria, 70,017 tons. Might is right. England has bullied Egypt into surrendering her last vestige of independence. The Khedive will in future have no power either to appoint or dismiss his Ministers. Great Britain will do that for him. The Australian Star publishes a leader, which is nothing short of a de nouncement of the Government. Pro tection first and Dibbs afterwards. It calls upon Protectionists right through tho country to rally round the flag and not let their cause be thrown overboard. Does it mean that they should do this with the Government 1 Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan : I would have preferred to have seen the Govern ment take advantage of tho opportunity for revising the tariff, and making it a truly protective one.' Mr. Chaxteu : ' The position of, the Government has been improved.' . Mr. Rose : ' The Freetraders aro terribly annoyed that »ve should have cut the ground from under their feet by pro posing the income tax.' Tho Sydney Bulletin will not in future recognise any titles whatsoever. It will speak of Sir Henry Parkes as Mr. Henry Parkes, and Sir George Dibba as Mr. George Dibbs. Why not ho consistent? Why 'Mr.' which is ' Master,' a title, and why Henry' or George, seeing that each was conferred ? Why even Parkes or Dibbs ? The acceptance by Minister Lynne, N.S.W., of a local tonder for iron pipes at an excess in cost over importers' tenders of at least £16,000 is not only not an instalment of Protection but is flatly against Protectionist principles. The oxcoss is practically a bonus, and a State bonus, granted after insufficient publicity and undor conditions which limit local competition is the most vicious form of bolstering up a uativo industry conceivable, inasmuch as tho incidence is partial and tho gain is ephe moral. At the same time it doesn't lio in the mouths of the Freetraders to op pose the acceptance of the pipe-tender. There is scarcely a writor advocating Freetrade who does not justify the prin ciple of the bonus — in particular, B. R. Wise, in his latest book, does this so aptly to the circumstances in which Lyno finds himsolf, that it is a wonder tho latter did not quote Wiso in defence of his action. — Bulletin, .. ', 