THE GOSSIP’S BOWL. ‘ ‘ If perchance I shall speak a little jocosely, you will kindly allow me that privilege.” The financial position of tho Tullau gatta Butter Factory Company is not so good as it might ho. A number of fortuitous circumstances have conspired to bring about tho present unsatisfactory state of affairs. It is pretty generally admitted that the management—direc torial and practical—has not been fault less. The fact that tho butter brought only Sid. per lb. iu Loudon provos that tho output of tho local factory was wanting in the important matter of quality. Tho company, has also been victimised by, the vampire operations of the middleman, as is instanced by the circumstance that a fourth part of the value of tho butter lias been absorbed by freights and commission. Thoro would also seem to be some founda-. tion for tho rumor, referred to by one of the directors, that some of tho suppliers wore iu tho habit of diluting thoir cow juico. When wo are officially told that it took 2J gallons of milk to make 1 lb. of butter, wo feol that there must have been a scrow loose somewhere, and it does not require a groat strain on one’s faith to induce tho' belief that the lacteal fluid must have been very abundantly aquefied. Such' tactics are simply suicidal for tho shareholders, and ono can only hope that 'tho adulterator’s sin will find him out, and that he will be given. a very short, shrift, ‘ ‘ for the encouragement.of o there.” In this ; connection the; .directors must have had 'forced upon ..' .'thorn'” the necessity of adopting stringont mea sures to. prevent the company being “got at” in such a despicable manner. As business men they will have' to be “up to'date” in their, methods'of management; .and ono of thoir first stops; in anticipation, of ne^t'Season’s business,, 'should' be,'.the '.institution of.-; the'inbat'; approved system of teats . afid the adoptip n •of ■ the' isystem of paying' 'Ipr' tFA'milfc' according .'to :its. ’richness" in-butter-fats: Under the . latter' system the “ chalk and; water” , racket will .be effectually. ;snu£fed out, and Uto adulterator's occupation’will be gone. Undoubtedly, the old style.of paying for milk acconhngto raeasiire'held out a premium for adffltoatipii.;:.uridertfie now arrangement, now .■"c6iwhg_';totp general vpgiio' supplieiji;;. triihffnS;' that .‘Mwobbty.:X-ltila:,lfaefr '.‘.i - the; .honest dairynjair-wiJI. initiation of a system uqder.'i^ichtmttajufy. counts for more’than quantity,;'1 Bather; .‘the opposite; his'.will be a'gainer in- many respects, rnot fHb' least’ 'important; gain being an ascertainable knowIedge5'"as.tb' whether his herd is of the right Cramp for dairy requirements.-' Dairyindn in'these; parts have got a lot to'learn; concerning the vocation'they have recently adoptod. Expetientia doect, ; however ;' dud" the experience' 'which yioldeth the best and ‘.most impressive instruction;'is that which. >haS> bbon ' dearly paid • for—that of' the Tallangatta -Butter Factory Company’s ■directors, to wit!' ' ' In ■ a i report' of. the,. recent 'meeting. of shareholders in the' Tallangatta Butter Factory. Company,, it was stated.that the; directors .were considering the propriety" of disposing, of. . their; business, "‘‘ lock, stock and;.bdrrbK” i'{b’'one pf ..the maiiy proprietary' companies .which have their head! quarters.'in Melbourne. .Now, this looks bad.’ Are the directors discouraged because things have not panned out too; well—because” they are unable to present. a balaiico-sheet of such dazzling attrac tiveness as prevailed during tho po: iod'of i land-boom syndicates? The propcs.’l to' soli out can only bo accepted as an ad mission of weakness on the part of tbo directorate, which, in the words of tho chairman of the board, has made mis takes. contributory-to tho prosont state of affairs—although that i'rank confession was glibly veueored with the remark that said mistakes wore calculated to even tually profit tbo company ! The share holders will surely evince that thov possess more confidence in tlie business than tho directors do, and will not bo iu a hurry to relinquish possession of a pro mising property. Because the wliolo. district is at prosont under a cloud of depression, which fact has militated against the sale of shares, surely that’s no reason for tho timorous directors to abandon hope for tho future! There’s a good time coming, hoys.; Wait a little longer. A gentleman present at the meoting in question sounded a note of warning when he remarked that the' proprietary com panies were not giving groat satisfaction to the suppliers down-country, which statement is a solid fact. Against that assertion was urged tho plausible argu ment. that fair prices would .have to: be offered for milk to ensure supplies: but a -little experience of those' syndicates, leads one: to 'believe that, sooner- than “ knuckle down” to the suppliers, they would shut up- the works hrst,-.in the attempt to 6tarve their feeders into sub mission. If local dairymen knew how the people who supply milk to some of. those syndicate-owned factories ore hound down by stringent regulations ;rin ;tho. making'of which the suppliers have no yoidd,. they would uuhesitatingly.jiejilare.. in: favbr of. i‘.thedavil-they.knQW:befQrft‘ the 'devil they, don’t - Jcnosuw-'Leh cooperation be the shareholders’ shibboleth: —let them -lay. t» i heart the fable.of thet: 'handle of sticks, and, given a cordial and courageous conservation of the company’s,, interests by .a -solicitous, directorate, .all wUlyet.be well. : The matter of street tree planting has been advanoed a, stage, inasmuoh as.the . Shire.Council has now on hand.a number, of nurslings ready for planting. Unfor tunately, the local "body is haunted-.by -the ubiquitous spectre of a. lean,.ana .attenuated ’purse,' and: the number, of, othar . Sails ;upop . its . coffers booms . to have.' ‘"given; it pause” iu’th*‘ matter, of incurring the expense incidental. to, . tho; pnmipentatfpli bf, tbe'piiblfb;atTeeta.; For therb can be no other? meaning attached to the . official advertisement ap pearing in your oolnmns notifying house-, holders in the main streets that the council is prepared to supply them with trees for planting in the streets at their respective residences, hut stipulating that applicants will require. to provide, at their own cost, strong ana suitable guards for same.” . There is no doubt a good many' householders would be. only too drilling to accept trees on those terms, provided aU- their neighbors did ditto—on the principle that “ if everybody swept in front of his door we should have a clean street.” It oertainly would be ‘‘ hardly good enough” (to use a colloquialism) for one or two men to .go to the oxpense of. Elanting and protecting trees while their. iss enthusiastic neighbors stood idly, by, until the Council, out of sheer shame, came to the rescue and filled up the unplanted gaps on the roadsides. But publio-spiritedness and enthusiasm apart, many of the ratepayers themselves may not be in a position financially to_ under take the work—the spirit is willing but the pocket' is weak! And,, again, many of the householders (in Tallangatta, at any rate) are not the owners of tho premises they occupy, and these will feel a natural disinclination to “ part up” for tho adornment of property of which thoy have but an unsatisfactory tenure— which, iri many casos, is only held on sufiorance. For these reasons tho diffi culty will be at once soon of carrying out tho proposals emanating from tho Shirb offlcc. Mr. W. J. Newson, in a letter appearing in your last issue, “ hit the right nail on the head” in this matter; and it is to be hoped the Sliiro Council will accept the hint. No time should be lost in getting the young trees into the streots, even if tlio local body have to go' a little deeper into debt to do it—the cuuso is a good one! Shnkospeare makes ono of his characters declare that there are “ touguos in trees.” Herein, thon, our local legislators have an opportunity of raising to their memory a porennial mohumont which will speak eloquently to future generations of their eminent practicality during their civic career. Lot them,. thon,. so order this matter that should, posterity desire to know somo. tki'hg of the municipal magnates of a.d. 1893, it may bo said of them, “ If you seek their monuments, look around!" Thero, that ought to “fetch ’em”—the councillors, I mean—oughtn’t it? I noticod in a recent issue of your church militant contemporary, the IPar Cry, the following announcement:—“ Bullock Drivers, ahoy! Wanted, for the jPakenham Farm Colony, a Salvationist'.; 'must' btf'-an efficient bullock - driver '-and' -single. • -A splendid chance to help the ,kingdom. Write the Commissioner at oncer” The'said ad vertisement somewhat puzzles nie. . I., was always under theimpression .l&atnp; .religious man could be a successful <rbMl-punch'ef, for which profession, tho strongrait qualifica tion, ' acconling to i' popular^ -bpliei, is >-thp ability tb deliver one’s selruf, good round; mouth- fillingoaths at the rate of nineteen to the dozen'. We-havo ■all heard of the clerical gentleman who, after gravely- reproving a “bullocky” for his shocking'language; took the. latter’s whip in 'hand-and vainly en deavored by- mildlejhortationa .to Urge .-the 'team to get ; fhbt waggBfeejit.ota bog.>.It is: stated 'that,:on'his t^naper b^copuug.-thale.ast bit ruffled, he hiurroasQme_4nathemas at the -teanister,:Ui6''sKy-fiilijt 'iri^Sipair'rbfired' v of .earshot, while' the 'driver, resorted ‘effdcj tually .to his forcible -wOrdS of command.-'.The' storyis ppoastenally 6old another way,- at’fho greater' e*phn»B-or.thb “'good:Smanj’>;:but.i-? •anucbariteble enough to believa that thounly purees n*d--by him -Were ecclesiastical ones. jiwt ,’.faaof,- thpni.ja.,. Seltfatippist:agpaW cftmluctpr withhi|-w«g8?».,i>«gSwd.»|d|-de^i; uftf-;“*lup-»ot!V,*“drms.-.tekui,»fiflmg£ltV= ■spite of-hla mpstleyuiey^rsuasiuus, io.buqge bn mtffit! Htimau nature'is. a'frail; thing.M. best ; ana it isjeahjf tb'imagine the'^triliuiOd’ buliooky—whous^'geiigrtdly ^’'.paat-masterof^ r profanity, frbjhehpdr ferj^'bf circuinstaiiees'— ■ ag a last resource falUfig"' baftkuponthe-lurid vocabulary of his unregenerate days. '. .The effect on! ihe bullocks ^wouldr. of dourae be electrical; -and,, the’- errant' driver .would no. "dbubt urge in extenuation.qf his lapse that: “ the" end justified ■' the means”—a. pea, by 'the- way{ which"i^fords .refuge and .unction for -people guilty of worse sins than swearing.' But what if. thp bullocks. had been reared in the odor: of sahetity ! Well, .in that' oase;. instead of being; moved tct'action, ■ -their religious ;sfeh'sibilities; woutd-most likelybe-sd' rudely shboked at Ihe'driver's depravity as-to' cause them to do a-ibit of kneerurilhprior to yielding' ;up the ghost. iA --s bttlo bird .Whispers: in-., my. ear. that- perhaps- the, .Army -bullocks are, urged tb work, by;tko beat.of the big' drum ,aad rise.' bL'iring biast-pf the brass •horn: ■ The.suggpsfum-'.igivas.-rise'to the. thought that.if such' Salystton ‘Vmusi.o”'.as 'we-lire." accustbifibdV.ih, hear be used as an incitem.ont' 'to 'hiwniijlabor^dhb ■•pbor!‘hrute8 are certainly-'t'o' be- pitied—^thdir - yoke ■ must indeed be a heavy one, and the lost state of the. quadrupedal “ workers” must be. infi nitelv ’ worse ■ than" tho'first,.: Joking aside, rnc Army Commissioner apparently has more faith- than the general .public,: as he evidently believes that bullocks can.bo; worked without their “ conductors”, having . recourse to cat* scorching cuss- iwordit,, He^tnay even bo ex tremist , enough., '.to ..ropsider .that tho proverbial shearing troopejiC not altogether beyond, redemption ! > - . . - ' PASQUIN. 