A SLENDER ULUE; Or, TEE lNYSTERY OF' ARDI.GRAZ. A DETECTIVE STORY. [BY LAWRENCE L. LYNCH.] (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER LXII.-( Continued.) 'You have given me a surprise,' he says, turning to Baring after the greetings and words of congratu lation are uttered. 'I heard from Carnes that you were coming here but never would have guessed how.' And both young men glanced at Rene Baring, the one with admiration, the other with pride. Baring laughs. ' It was on my mind to tell you,' he says, 'but you were so pre occupied; and, in fact, there was no time. After I made that last dis covery, and made it known to you -there wasn't much chance for talk ing about my affairs. If I had tried to tell you while we were. on our way home, I doubt if I could have got more than half a hearing. If you remember, you were somewhat preoccupied-for you.' 'I believe' that I was.' Stanhope smiles and looks from one to the other; he looks less preoccupied than his host, just now. ' Stanhope,'. says Baring, with sud den gravity, ' how did you come up ? Did you meet anyone ? Did you see a ghost ?' ' Is this house haunted ? Do'ghosts walk in day-time ?' ' I begin to think so. If you should tell me that the dead get out of their graves and go out calling-' 'Accompanied by blonde gentle men ?' suggested Stanhope. ' What ! then, you did see them ?' ' If you mean the lady and her es cort who just drove away from the hotel, yes.' 'And the resemblance ! Did you see that ?' 'Distinctly.' ' By Jove ! Excuse me Rene; sit down, Stanhope. I'm a bit excited; the fact is, we were just domnparing notes, my wife and I; we were both a bit excited when you were announced.' Stanhope looks alert and interested, but he does not pursue the subject; instead, he turns to Mrs. Kenneth Baring, upon whose face he had de tected a look, directed towards her husband; one of those glances which women so well know how to give, and which can be made to convey so much. This look seems to say, ' please, don't say any more,' so he ignores the ghost, and the resemblance, and begins a light conversation about New York, the season, their journey, the things to be seen, and the things not worth seeing. He addresses himself to the lady, and her young husband, pleased to see them get on so well, drops out of the con versation almost entirely, content to look alternately at the wife whom "he loves and the friend whom he prikes and admires with such whole heartedness. As they talk he smiles, glad to see that Rene is quite cheery and at her ease, and that Stanhope seems pleased and full of admiration for his pretty, clever little wife; and while the young husband enjoys these reflections, Stanhope also has an un dercurrent of thought, while -he talks and listens to Rene. 'She is pretty,' that is his first con clusion, and then as the conversation progresses, ' she has keen perceptions, she is quick-witted, she is honest, she is courageous. One might depend upon her in an emergency.' Rene, too, has her impressions of her guest clearly outlined, and they are summed up in this mental com ment : ' He is handsome; Ken did'nt exaggerate ; I like him.' When they are all quite at their ease, Stanhope turns again to Baring and brings him back to the subject of "the ghost. ' So you really saw that remarkable resemblance, Baring ?' he says, with a smile. ' Saw it-I should think se !' ' Does Mrs. Baring understand our allusions ?' He looks over at Rene, and his smile seems to say, I should not object if she did. ' In part,' replies Baring. 'I told Rene something of my detective experience : as much, in fact, as I had any right to tell. I had to brag a little-about my essay, as a detective.' Stanhope smiles again, arid looks again at Rlene. ' I assure you that it was not a bad beginning, Mrs. Baring. I shouldn't mind trying him again, with your permission.' 'It was a horrible thing,' she-says gravely. Then: 'Do you think a married man makes a good detective, Mr. Stanhope? I should make him tell me all about it.' ' Well, if I don't object to that, will you lend him to me ?' ' I don't know,' her face becoming mischievous. 'I don't think that Kenneth has given me more than half-confidence. He did not go into details; in fact, Mr. Stanhope, I got a better idea of you than I did of this strange murder.' ' Oh-ha !' says Baring, triumph antly; 'but you can't say, madam, that you were not more interested in him than in the rest of the subject !' - ''Well,' with a little laugh, J Mr. Stanhope was a more cheerful subject for contemplation, and more clearly defined. You know you let me get my ideas of the murder chiefly from the newspaper clippings, but you told me of Mr. Stanhope and his achieve ments, and you were very graphic enthusiastic in fact;' then turn ing to survey Stanhope with renewed interest,-' and you took that poor girl's body home, Mr. Stanhope. and saw' it buried ; you saw her friends, and had to tell them the dreadful. story. What an ordeal for thom-iand for you !' 'Yes,' he says, 'it was an ordeal greater than you can imagine, and I fear that the worst is to come.' 'You mean 'the finding of the murderer, and his punishment? Surely you can't think that worse than the deed ?' 'No, I, daresay it would seem worse to 'him. But I did not mean that. I fear you don't know how good a detective your husband is, after all, Mrs.' Baring., . Has he told you that he has made a discovery that may change the aspect of the entire case ?' then, seeing her hesitate and look perplexed, he turns again toward Baring, and says : ' I have heard from Carnes by tele graph.' 'I have said nothing about that business,' he says, uneasily. • ' It was an unpleasant subject, to begin with -and then I wanted to see you first; I did not feel at liberty to tell it.' 'Kenneth,' says his wife, rising and coming nearer the two men, 'you `two have something to say to each other, that is evident; and I am not in the secret. Don't protest, Mr. Stanhope. Of course you will have to let me in eventually; in the meantime I am going to leave you to a t.te-,i tate; if I don't, you Nwll go outside and have it in spite of me. Perhaps I can overhear you, if you will kindly raise your voice a little, and if I listen at the key-hole. Mr. Stanhope, I make only one request : don't run away as soon as you two have compared notes; wait and let me say good-bye to you, and ask you to come again.' There is no hint of pique, sarcasm, or double meaning in her words; and she does not give them time to protest ; but, laughing a frank, cheery little laugh, she opens the door of an inner room, and favouring them with a little curtsy, disappears within. 'Baring,' says Stanhope, with his .eyes fixed upon the door that has shut her in, and shut them out, ' where did you get that incomparable wife ? Is there another like her ?' 'No,' retorts Baring, his face lumin ous, ' there is not another like her, of course not! and-you may as well take your eyes off that door, she'll never be a widow-my health is excellent, and I mean to keep it so.' ' Well, you're a lucky fellow,' says his visitor. ' I won't say any more now. Your wife has given us per mission to talk business, so let it be business. What did you find at Upton ?' ' Exactly what I expected.' For a moment they sit silent, re garding each other with serious faces; then ' Didn't Carnes telegraph you that ?' Baring asks. 'Yes, but I want it confirmed. I hate to believe the truth.' Then it is not Bertha Warham that we buried at Upton!' ' It's a woman with black hair.' Stanhope rises, walks so the win dow, and looks down into the busy street; when he turns and comes back, he seats himself beside Baring upon the sofa, which, during the intervieW, the latter has occupied alone. ' When I came in,' he says, with an abrupt change of topic, 'you and your wife were comparing notes, you said. Will you tell me how you were impressed ?' 'What, by that lady-that resem blance !' Stanhope nods. ' How I was impressed ? well, I was simply stunned. I never saw so startling a resemblance. But-why ! do you know who that lady was ?' 'Not to a certainty-do you?' ' Do. I! why, they were our visi tors; Mrs. Jermyn and her husband, they are both strangers, or almost strangers to me, but Rene knows them quite well- knew them before they were married, in fact.' ' Oh! ' there is something odd in the young detective's voice, and a look of increasing concentration and resolve in his face. ' Baring, you ought to know by this time whether my motives, my reasons for doing and saying queer things, may be safely taken for granted or not. Are you willing to wait for explanations, and to tell me what I want to know? ' 'Of course I am! ' ' And will you vouch for me to your wife, if I should wish to ask something of her ?' 'About the Jermyns, do your mean ?' ' I mean about the Jermyns.' 'Well, I don't think that will be necessary. Rene generally forms her own opinions, and I fancy she has no very bad opinion of you; as for me I can't see what you are driving at but blaze up. I'm open to catechism.' ' Tell me about their call.' 'About that? Well, it was a trifle unexpected. To tell the truth there was a little coolness between Rene and' Mrs. Jermyn, dating back to Mrs. J-'s wedding-day, or even earlier. You see, Rene knew them both before they were married, and if I am to believe the stories of a jolly little cousin of mine, Mr. Jermyn admired Rene a little too openly to please his fianc6e. At any rate we rather expected, and Rene heartily wished, our social intercourse with the Jermyns, during our stay here,- to be ceremonious rather than cordial.. We were therefore surprised a little when Mr. and Mrs. J- sent up their names and gave us in person a very cordial welcome to New York. I was so up set at sight of the lady that I was slow in pulling myself together again, and by the time I 'did they were in the full tide of conversatibn with Rene. From the little I had learned from Rene, and the more from Lotta that's my jolly cousin-I was fully prepared to see no end of haughty coldness on the part of Mrs. E. P. Jermyn, and, knowing my little girl as I do, equally prepared to see her ac quit herself with ease and self-posses sion if not with absolute cordiality. Imagine my surprise then, when I found myself able to take observations, to see the case and self-possession and cordiality all on the side of Mrs. Jer myn, and the constraint and coldness all manifested by Rene. Mr. Jermyn was just what I expected to see him, from Rene's description and Lotta's, and what I had gathered about him gene rally at Roseville, and I thought that Mrs. Jermyn-I had only a boy's i remembrance of her, as a haughty young miss-was acquitting herself splendidly. But Rene, I couldn't account for her conduct. If she had seen the photograph of Bertha War ham, I might have done so, but you will remember that I did not possess such a picture; otherwise she might have seen it. And why she should seem so stiff and constrained, and turn first white and then rod, I couldn't imagine. 'Mrs. J-invited us very cordially to come and take up our abode with them. Of course I expected Rene to decline, and this she did; but not with the polite calm that .she is capable of, and that I expected of her, and Mrs. J-did not press the matter as much as one might have anticipated from the warmth of her first invitation. He repeated the invitation, and urged it upon us, but she did not second him heartily. Well, sir, when they went, I turned to Rene to ask a question, and caught the queerest look :upon her face. As I have said, she knoew Ellen" Jernyngham quite well the summer before her marriage; Ellen spent that summer in Roseville, and they met almost daily; so you may imagine my surprise when she caught me by the arm with both hands, and cried,' "Ken! Ken! that is not Ellen Jernyngham! " 'What!' cries Stanhope, starting up. '" That is not Ellen Jernyngham," she says again; and then, before I take time to think, I cry out : ' '' Whdever it is it's the very image of the girl who was poisoned in New Orleans !" Then Rene dropped down into a chair all in a tremor of nervous ness, and just as I began to collect my senses, and try to calm her, you were announced.' Again Stanhope swings round and walks to the window. 'Baring,' he says, turning after a moment's silence, 'will you ask your wife to come back? and try to per suade her to tell me of this-this strange sensation of hers, in her own way? Will you ask her to tell me what she can about her earliest acquaintance with Mr. Jermyn- and his wife? Go to her, Baring, use what arguments you please, and if she refuses, ask her to see me, at least, for a moment ?' 'She'll do that, of course,' says young Baring, and he crosses the room, taps upon the inner door, then opens it and disappears within. When they come out, the young husband with his arm linked within that of his wife, Stanhope is standing beside the window, looking down upon the street, cool,, collected, and half smiling. ' Mrs. Baring,' he says, advancing and placing a chair for her, ' don't let that newly-fledged detective of yours mystify you too much. I am going to tell you .my motive and meaning,' if you will kindly permit me, and if you will let me ask you a few questions-' ' If I can tell you what you wish to know by answering any number of questions, Mr. Stanhope,' she says, taking the proffered seat and looking up frankly into his face, ' the best way is to begin at once. If you ask me something that I cannot answer, or have no right to answer-' 'I shall not do that,' he breaks in, ' and before I put my first question I would better say this i It is .very im portant that" I should know certain things about Mr. Jermyn and his wife, and I believe that you can tell me much that I wish to know. If you can, and will, it will perhaps save me a journey to Roseville, and some valu able time besides. If you cannot-or will not -I will have my questions answered all the same-by someone else.' (To be continued.) 