THIE DiVINI'IY UF CIUIST, Many of Itoso lho lave read Ithee letters will wonder at my " object" in con tinling to write about the two natures it Christ, as tlley will say, -We luhse known this all along, and have always recoguised the Inortal natiure of tie bctdy .which died upon tihe cross. Goeuly-1 iIulst tiudlecivt vou. Altlhoigh you do tv;' believe thlet " Mary was . the Mother of Gd"'-you accept the princiFle under anotlier furm. Thle effecti (leaven) uf tlho dIogui laid down Ib the conc'il of Ephesns in A.D. 431 aroe 't:ch inite £far-rNraching than is ,generally supposed11. VWe iet.cpt tlh ILrinciplu in the Nicne ano d Atlhanasian erect'r-, uand cve.n when:wte place these on one side,-we take the letter of the word and huiltl up the panmt principle. Weu ay tit- liecntuse Jesoio Cl rit was calledl tIhe mtighty God, tioo evr.ta-ting Father, ihe imunt he God; because he says " I amn tlieo Father are one," e tt u t he ut li G ; bas QI11 Ilheayenly host fall diowti and worllip lintt, and lbcaUie I)u holds in his Ihands the sour'n stars, which are the seven angels of the peven clitrches in Asia;. Ite inIut be God, etc. We arguo front the ilu:er that lie in Godl, equal in power, co-esential, and oE the .same siihsltance with the Father. This is what I call buiilding on the letter, antd consequently, for every passage where tlo, ostribute of God is ajjýlied to our Saviour, ten or twenty others can he foun I giving him tlh attributes of inor!al iman'; tlherfore by the .saino logic ih must b Man and not GOd. To ,etety passago which says lie is "one wi-I the l ther,'' and, iioplying. equality, w?ltlt tile Fatlher' twice as many can be. fontid to eshow tha. the Father was greater thitii ;le Son, anti that the San ou!y obeyed ,hls. 'Fatier'ý superior will. Again nitltuttU( Iho apM6tlIt4 testfi-d i even by their det:ts, to tltoe6 Ithings whici they lid ecer, '.re we to lhe lieve they were visionarisai '.id Ithat they and the innltitiltl gazed yllttn the Urossa witlh t body upon it which t!.sy couild nor s, e. For if Jee .UlChrist it~ I G(,,, they did not see iinm, because " no iant' hath seen God at tny time." Th'tlefore Jles'n Ulhrist nliut have been inferinr to the Father andl not fqual to lhti . Although the taints fell down and woraRlipp-d .lIsus Christ. th.y worshipped lhiitmas at perf?ctly lis'inguilshed neparate clhirar:ter frolm Iilt whlo sat tluon the Tlrone-God. Tley worshipped hini as the Lambl, who had taken the sealed book from. tie right hand of iliint wcho sat upon the Throne, andl through whose (the Lamb's) blood (Rer. 7, 14) and death theiy had. been redeemed to God atd made. Kintgs and Priests unto thel God of the Lamh. (Rev. 9). Why lshonuld Jdsus Christ ha?iv been anointed witli poweir.and the Holyv Ghost ?. Why hlould ho he given it Kingdiln ? Why should the saints in heaven say " Worthy is the Lamnh to receive power, and riches and wisdom, and power and Itonor and glory, ant bles sing ?" Why should his.Gid anoint him wiith titenil of gladness above .his.fellows, if he was God ? Why does Jetss Christ after his ascension,.refer to the temple of hii God, the name of his God, and the city of his God which cnmietl downn front hnaven .from his God, if he is God hltlinself: Wlhy do weo find a continual distinction ziade betweeon hiin that tittetl upon the Throne ant. the Lamb, between God and his Christ, between Christ and bii God ? Tlhev are two distinqt and .separate characters in the bookt of Revelitions, and therefore if Christ is God, there must be two distinct Gods iti HLavenn, One would be sitting on the rifl-t hand of thi oalier, htt rot "tine with himt."- For vyn.rs tministers tiute preactien Clirist an HUot from the letter, Ibt is it not a.. wastu of time to l. Inoking up" all the p?asstange which 'lwar upon the snuject. HIas it not hben done n ver vird over u6niin ditring the last 1SO yftiur. Hdvo plt all the wise then of the w"orhtl eiltivo.-el to solvR cer tuin nlivt.'rire, and to rpeonnile epr',iti contradictions ii ti., Wor-1. At d witl hlia:t reslellt ? We lihau li en trying to club oup lattler ýiti ailort 100 :epe, and sine- A.D. 431 we hi:ae aldvanceutl alot Fot'r or five atepi. rertainy tino lnor.. Tho atnsLw r is vury sitople. blec?tis we buildl on thl lettter unid rnt on lthe sp:rt.? Altoit 1800 years hIivwe lbeItn one.upiel in raising elitices, ant el taltlishin p,'inciples frtnt the lette , which tlie spiri can detulili in ive mtinto ,s. Th-re wam no myntery Id tlht ti.tt. .i the. ip?stlies, a~ s thiey were ren' S"to make il men * e the rfelowshiI, er thtu tu :ytery.' (Epe'he2t. 0) ian I tlrvI dlid it' lit thIe ?tuytery was re- euotblilhedl in A.Lu 431. (to j't tdntinund:1 . 