CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. On Sunday the Semaphore Baptist pulpit was occupied by the Rev. Mr. Metcalf, owing to the Rev. A E. Green having resigned the pastorate of the church. On Sunday morning Mr. Metcalf took as his text "Lo, I am with you even unto the end of the world," and in the evening he chose Luke, chapter 9, verse 57, "Lord I will follow thee whithersoever Thou goest." In the commencement of his sermon he dealt with the power of selfishness over a person when he has inclined his heart to follow in that direction. There are persons who lacked firmness of purpose, and were constantly changing with the various circumstances that occur in life. There were others who were wise in observation, cautious in decision, and faithful when they had made their decision—men of a determined purpose in life, men who were not to be influenced and were like rocks or tried steel, and who were so enduring in their principles that they had a character which was manly, and their word might be depended upon. Such were able even to face death in their support of right against wrong, truth against error. Readers of that wonderful book of John Bunyan's, "The Pilgrim's Progress," which is next to the Bible, would remember that when Christian left the City of Destination to pursue the pathway of the City of God, with the Bible for his direc- tion, he had gone some distance when two men came onto him out of another city. Then the book showed how Christian, accompanied by the two men, came to the Slough of Despond. They get into difficulties and Obstinate con- sidered that such difficulties should not be in their way and thought that everything con- nected with his ease should be considered first; and thus, being dissatisfied with the road marked out for him, he very soon returned to the city whence he came and there he is found revelling in the wickedness of that worldly place. Pliable, the other companion of Christian, was very different. He ap- peared more inclined to run than to walk, but his journey in the right direction was of short duration, and very soon he was found also in the City of Destruction, and no more attempted to walk in the path of life. Christian, who started from his home, tearing himself away from his wife and children, marched on in trembling fear from the City of Destruction. He waded through the Slough of Despond, and was found at last entering into the City of Heaven. The gates were thrown open by angels, who carried him higher and higher until he was right into heaven. The text bore somewhat on the illustration, for it said in the portion he chose, " I will follow." The person speak- ing did not consider the trials he would have to contend with, and really lacked the power to follow Christ wherever he might go. It was a reckless venture. He did not think what he was doing. He did not care what the consequences would be. Christ then said to him, " Foxes have holes and the birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man hath not where to lay his head." On hearing this the man altered his views, and did not wish to follow our Saviour. The preacher thought that when a man had a thought of following Christ he should well consider it, and when he had entered the path of life not depart from it on the occurrence of any trifling circum- stances. There was a large attendance at the re- opening services of the Church of Christ, Robert-street, Hindmarsh, on Sunday. The building, a description of which has previously appeared, has been enlarged to accommodate 600 seatholders. At the morning service Dr. J. C. Verco gave an address. Speaking with out a text, he referred to the early Christian Church and the day of Pentecost. This was a time of reception for the Jews into the Church that Christ had established. Salvation through Christ was first offered to that nation, and the descent of the Holy Ghost was a mani- festation of God's power amongst them and His call to them. He detailed on the life and customs of the Jews; their observation of ordi nances, the notion they held that salvation was only for themselves, and their surprise on discovering that the purpose of the gospel of Christ was the extension of salvation to the whole world. That was a great reopening service when Cornelius and his household were brought into the Church of Christ, and from that day the apostles and many of the Jews began to see that the purpose of Christ was to extend to all nations the enjoyment of salva tion through Him. Mr. Gore, M.A., gave aj discourse on " Loveet thou me V in the after noon, and spoke of love as a power operating in the heart, creating a disposition to love for Christ's sake. In the evening the pastor (Mr. EL D. Smith) delivered an earnest address and expatiated the leading principles of his Church. Their common ground was love to Christ. Special music was sung under ths direction of Mr. George Maggs, and Mr. Jos. Taylor presided at the organ. The following personal items are taken from the Christian Weekly of January 6:—The Rev. G. E. Rowe has sailed for Adelaide, accompanied by his mother and meter. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Hill, with Miss A Hill, will leave England by the Orient steamer Orizaba on January 13. Dr. Stephenson has been approached with a view to his takinir the pastorate of the Metropolitan Church. Wash ington, U.S. A., and is carefully considering his duty in the matter. Mr. Matthew Burnett has conducted a most successful fort night's gospel temperance mission in Bally macarrett Belfast. Not less than a thousand persons have taken the pledge, 200 of whom were confirmed drunkards. Th? Eev. J: E. Moulton has visited the following provincial towns in the interests of foreign missions:— Gawler, Angaeton, Kapunda, Mintaro, Broken Hill, and Jamestown. He expects to be in tne city for deputation work on January 15 The Rev. J. A. Jeffreys, who is in excellent health, has accepted the cordial invita tion of the Albany (W.A.) circuit. He intends to leave England by Orient steamer due at Adelaide about April 7. Should this invitation be sustained by the Conference we congratulate both the people at Albany and the Rev. J. A Jeffreys. The Rev. W. F. James on Friday, December 30, returned to thin province. Of his visit to New Zealand the Methodist there said:—" We are glad to find that the visit to New Zealand of the Rev. W. F James, president of the Bible Christian Conference of South Australia, is being made use of to further intelligent discussion on Methodist union. Mr. James has studied the question on all sides with unusual thoroughness, and has gone to a great deal of trouble to secure information on the subject from all quarters. He will leave all New Zealand Methodists his grateful debtors by his well directed efforts to bring to an end all needless and wasteful divisions in our common Metho dism." Mr. James delivered lectures in the chief cities of New Zealand. The current issue of Truth and Progress contains the following personal items: —The Rev. Charles Spurgeon, son of the honored and beloved Charles Haddon Spurgeon, arrived in Adelaide by the steamship Aus- tralian and was met at Largs by Rev. W. E Rice and others. After a hurried visit to the city Mr. Spurgeon went on to Melbourne. He, however, returns to Adelaide, when he will be the guest at the Tynte-street manse. South Australian Baptists will heartily welcome him, both for his father's sake and his own, and will pray that his Australian visit may be greatly blessed in the renewal of his health. According to an English cable Derbyshire chapel, Nottingham, has been burnt. This is the church of which the Rev. G. Hill, M. A., of Melbourne, is pastor- elect. The Rev. S. and Mrs. Chapman have arrived at Melbourne. Their daughter. Miss Chapman, who has been working in China as a mis- sionary, accompanies them invalided. The Rev. E. Vaughan has left for Tasmania, where he is to supply the church at Sheffield for six months, after whioh he proceeds to England. Mr. Shakespeare has ceased to supply the churches on Southern Yorke's Peninsula. The Rev. W. Gilmour has definitely decided to remain at Broken Hill. 