HAMLkT. One of the largest audiences which, erer assembled in Charters Towers was that "which greeted Mr Watte* Bentley last night, at the Theatre Bojil, to witness biB initial perfor mance hero, and those vho ?went there met with 110 disappointment It Is a consider able time since anything Shakesperian has been placed before a Towers audience, ~ and this fact combined wi'Jx one of his most cele brated characters being in the hands of so able an interpreter of the part as Mr Bentier, was sufficient to ensure a treat to play goers of a more than ordinary nature. Mr Bentley's Hamlet shows a powerful conception of the part, and whilst hie elocu tion is perfect, he carries through the many tragic and difficult scenes and situations into which lie is placed, with an easy comport ment and grace such as only k finished act or is mastor of. The power displayed by him i was also of a very high order. He was freqnently applauded, end perhaps the largest oration he recelvedwas that at the conclu sion of the scene toeween himself and hi? mother, the Queen of Denmark, in the third act, when lie had to appear before the cur tain sad bow his acknowledgements. The ; production of Hamlet as it should he dope is . perhaps one of the most difficult of under- ! taVing?, and in lass able hands it would have ; been decidedly a bad play to choose-for an opening night'e 'performance. It is then-all the more to Mr Bentley'e credit that he should have, before so large an assemblage, scored such a distinct.saccees, and bare carried his 'audience so entirely with him from his very first appearance upon the stage until the curtain finally fell. .His dress too was a handsome one, and eVcr^ minutiae in the stage management wae well and carefully attended! 'Claudius" was well taken by Mr. E. B. SuEsell, who made a stately and imposing king ,and "3?oloaius" the Lord Chamber laine, by Mr lachlanMcGfowan was a really creditable performance. " Iiaertes," " Pol onine'" son, was placed in the hands of Mr.. H. B. Boberte, who spoke and acted iris part Well, especially in (he latter scenes of the piece. *' Horatio " by Mr A." M. Seat-on, and "The Ghost" by Mr Majeroni wen also well played parts. " Poionius*" da'Jgh-" ter " f phelia" was taken by' Mies Virginia Vmenne, and in a very dfficult part she succeeded, admirably, her acting being exceptionally good, and at -the clo'e of the fourth Act her reappearance was loudly "demanded after the curtain fell. Mies Kate Millari was well suited'as " Ger trude/' the Queen of Denmark; .her ficting sod enunciation being really good. Latt night we saw MrBentley in one of the moFt tragic parte that could be under taken by him, but to-night it will be Wan entirely different role that he will be seen The programme to night, consists of b double bill, the comedy of " Garrick" in which Mr Bentley appears as " DaTid Ghaniok," <and 1 " Cramond Brig," an historical Scotch farce, in which the put filled by Mr Bentley frill be Jack ?HowieEOj" (Che miller}. We shall have then the opportunity of seeing the wide range ofjhis capabilities.. 