A SLENDER LUE ; Or, TIIE MYSTERY OF MARDI.GRAZ. A DETECTIVE STORY. (BY LAWRENCE L. LYNCH.] (Published by Special Arrangement with fessrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER :XXX.-( Continued.) From Miss Jernyngham to her most intimate friend. 'HORTENSE, MY DEAR FrIm-D, Your very welcome letter, with its cordial invitation, is now before me. A few weeks ago I should have said without hesitation : yes, I will go with you, to make my home under those sunny Italian skies we both love so well. And I would have turned my back upon my native land, with all its flaunt and show, its great little ness and little greatness, its parvenues and place-hunters, with no deep feeling of regret; for what would I leave behind ? A few sincere friends, and many who are friends only in outward seeming; no near relatives, for my recreant half- brother, my nearest in this world, is-no one knows where. He left his home so long ago, and has been so long silent, that I have ceased to hope for his return-in fact I begin to fear it almost, for what may not ten long years of wandering have made of him ? But I digress. I might have shared your voluntary exile gladly, for I believed that there was nothing here to keep me, or to care for. But all this is changed. 'Once in our intimate, pleasant school-girl friendship you extracted, almost extorted, from me a promise; and you gave me one in return. Your promise-we will not speak now of mine-it has reached the time of its fulfilment. He has come at last-that prince of whom you desired to hear-and according to my school-day contract, I write you, first of all the news of my betrothal to Edward Percy Jermyn, the son of an English peer. '1 will not describe him to you you, who know me, must, I think, feel assured that he has more than his noble birth to recommend him. He is a man of more than ordinary cul ture and refinement, and his outward seeming is all that it should be; his manners, Miss Rooseveldt would say, are those of a prince-you know Ade line is given to gushing in her weak little way-but princes sometimes have very bad manners indeed, and Mr. Jer myn's manners are perfect. I find no flaw in them, and I am credited with being fastidious. He is all that the prince-my prince-should be, lack ing no gift or grace that a prince should possess. So much dignity, so much reserve, so much strength of in tellect, such an air of-I was about to say command, but it is not that; he has not the air of command, but he possesses the qualities that call forth inStihctive compliance-he has a com ...rianding presence without the air. ' He left his home and country be cause of a misunderstanding with his father, who desired to mate him with the daughter, the only child, of a nobleman, whose estate ad joined that of Sir Ralph Jermyn. He refused the alliance, having no affec tion for the lady, and came here a voluntary exile. He does not desire to return to England, and will not do so unless (there is such a possibility) he is called to take up his father's duties, with his father's title, some day. ' I had thought to take the import ant step, that changes my destiny, per .haps, amid the old scenes in Philadel phia, but Mrs. Baring is so good as to wish me to be married (how strange that looks) here at the Hills. Mr. Jermyn, too, desires it. He has, he says, a sentiment about it, and has besought me so earnestly to remain here, that I have yielded-reluctantly, I must admit. * Can you delay your sailing a little ? Will you come to us here ? When once you have crossed the ocean, it may be long years before we meet, and I want you to see him. ' I realise that this is not a calmly composed or well-written letter; I am not quite my usual, calm self, so let me end it here. When I have re= ceived your reply, I may be. able to' write more coherently, more at my ease. Until then, I am, your friend, as of old, ' ELLEx A. JERRYNHGIIAM.' Miss Grace Roosefeldt to her confi dante in Philadelphia. 'My own dearest Maud,-I am hor ribly disappointed, and completely out of humour. Just think of having to, stay hero another month. " to watch the ghost of the summer," 'as Lill Sutherland says, and all on account of Ellen Jernyngham.' ' She is going to be married at last. To be married here at. Aunt Jake's. And we must all .ie made martyrs because of it. Adelino is as delighted as if she were going to be married herself; you know she always did hold Ellen up as apattern of perfection, and she thinks him-the man in the case-perfection too. My dear, did you ever see a perfect man ? I am sure you never did; ^there can't be many of them, so I am going to de scribe this one to you: face, pale and blonde and regular, and expression less; eyes, pale blue, that look over you and around you, 'and sometimes through you, but never laugh or smile or twinkleo-I would not dare affirm that they even wink; hands and feet exceedingly " aristocratic"; figure, medium in height, slender, graceful, incapable of taking an awkward atti tude-so much at ease, everywhere and under all circumstances, that it becomes exasperating to watchhim ; perfectly-fitting clothes in perfect taste; a quiet that Ad. declares to be "splendid repose"-I call it calm superiority; a low, slow, soft voice that always says the right thing in the right way ; a slow smile that never, as I said before, creeps -up to the eyes, his nearest approach to a laugh being a slight agitation of the lips, accompanied by a soft sound that dies away quickly, and makes you feel that to laugh an honest, natural, full grown laugh would be a sin. This is the bridegroom elect, Mr. Edward Percy Jermyn. Now let me add that he is an Englishman, the son of Lord Somebody, and that he once refused refused!-the hand of a titled Eng lishwoman (I suppose it was leap year); and then, tell me, could we could any honest American-endure more ? And yet we must all remain and be victimised, because Ellen must go off in a blaze of glory with seven bridesmaids, viz.-the Baring girls, the Sutherlands, Rene Brian of whom I have written you, Ad, and myself. Ellen and Aunt Jake are to go tb the city to shop, and we are to remain here to keep up a sort of festive accompani ment to the wedding preparations, and the billing and cooing of the happy pair. ' We have had a very jolly summer -how Adeline hates that word! You know how much I like the Brians. Charlie is just the opposite to Mr. Jermyn in manner, and bettbr-look ing, to my notion-only another draw back to the general pleasure: he and Lotta are becoming a little too serious and absorbed in each other. One pair of lovers is barely endurable; in a party like ours, two pair, although they are so different, are too much for human nature. 'I sometimes wish for poor Cousin Kenneth-I will call him cousin, although he is not exactly that. We never dare mention him in Aunt Jake's presence; but she little guesses how muchl we talk of him, and know of his whereabouts. He writes to Lotta occasionally, and to Rene Brian regularly. Aunt Jake dislikes Rene; in fact, her last quarrel with Ken dated from an at tempt on her part to "put down" Rene. But since Lin and Lotta have taken her up, and stand by her so staunchly, Aunt Jake is outwardly courteous, and Ellen Jernyngham has asked her to be one of the bridesmaids, although I happen to know that Ellen has no especial love for Rene; I cannot say so much for Mr. Jermyn. (Do you notice the similarity of names-Jermyn, Jer nyngham? I am sure it will prove unlucky, for one.) Mr. Jermyn cer tainly admires Rene very much. 'There! Lin and Lotta have in vaded my sanctuary; for the present, I must lay aside my pen-to be con-' 'From Rene Brian to Kenneth Baring, at New Orleans. 'Ay. dear friend, - Your last letter pleased me. I am glad to think of you as so self-reliant, so content, so equal to the emergencies that have arisen in your pathway, and I am glad that you have de veloped so much philosophy; you will sat, no doubt, that you always pos sessed it-but, if so, I must beg to re mind you that it was not sufficient to keep you under the same roof with the lady you are so polite as to term a "mistaken gentlewoman.' Courage, Ken. Your father, I am sure, thinks of you very kindly; and after all, you were a trifle at fault. The aforemen tioned gentlewoman, by-the-bye, has been of late unusually courteous to me-rather, she has been courteous where it was her custom to ignore my existence. ' Undoubtedly Lotta has gossiped to you of the doings at the Hills, and the wedding in prospective. So I need say nothing of that, especially as I utterly fail in getting up an enthusiasm over the high contracting parties. In fact, and in spite of my philosophy, I rather dislike one of them, with, I must confess, no good and sufficient reason for so doing. 'It will all be over soon, and we shall have settled back into our old, dull, comfortable routine, while you plod steadily on toward manly inde pendence. Honestly, Ken, this cutting loose from your father's bank account is not, in my opinion, the greatest of your misdeeds. A man's best qualities must come out when he stands alone to face the world, and you, I am sure, have the courage that in the end must conquer. How I am preaching! It all comes of burrowing among high-flown edi torials, and hatching pretty sentences for the local column-alas ! that same local column awaits me at this mo ment. Adieu, for the time; accept my congratulations for your successful beginning; my best wishes for those future successes- which I predict for you, and for your health and happiness now and always.-Your friend, 'RENE BIRTA..' The marriage of the heiress and the aristocrat was the first and most interesting topic in Roseville, from the day when the affair first became known until the day of its con summation. Nothing else could equal it in in terest-not even the disappearance of Bertha Warham from her home in the neighbouring town, followed, as it was,, by the murder of her step mother. Roseville heard all this, and it was rumoured, too; that detectives, in search of information, were in her very midst; even this proved less in teresting to the admirers of the 'English aristocrat' than the .news afloat about this time, that said aristocrat was the victim of ' a slight indisposition,' which rendered him in visible for a number of days. In spite of the fact that it was to have been, to quote the bride-elect, 'a quiet affair,' and, to quote the bridegroom-elect, ' a simple cere. mony,' Mrs. Baring had skimmed the cream of Roseville with a discreet hand. and a limited quantity of genu ine Philadelphia cream-richer, of course, and thicker and y ellower, but lacking, perhaps,'the freshness of the Roseville article-gave just the right flavour to the occasion. Mrs. Brace and Mrs..Allsop were not of the cream, but they discussed the event with indignant enthusiasm, seated in Mr. Jermyn's late sitting room, vacated by him only that morning. ' One would 'a' thought,' said Mrs. Allsop, looking resentful in behalf of her friend, ' that they'd 'a' invited you, Brace.' ' It's my belief,' returned the land lady, with an indignant sniff, ' that if he'd 'a' had the saying, I'd 'a' been invited. Mrs. Allsopp, if I'd 'a' done that man a thousand-dollar favour over an' agin, instead of just lookin' into his rooms an' takin' care o' his things-as, to be sure, it was only my business to do-he couldn't 'a' been politer than he always was, nor thankfuller than he was this very mornin.' ' ' La !' said Mrs. Allsop, ' you don't say so.' ' Yes, I do. When I come in here with my broom an' dust-rag this morn in', he steps out of his bedroom al ready dre.t for the surremony, an' I toll you he looked splendid; an' says he, as smilin' as could be, 'Mrs. Brace, ma'am, I feel deeply grateful to you.'-' My !' says I, 'Mr. Jerming, what have I done ?'-' You have done,' says he, ' what few women, I may say, no woman, unless, itmay be, another like yourself, could have done for me ;' an' then he actually stopped, an' laffed the biggest laff I ever seen him give. ' You've taken an almost motherly interest in me,' he says(; 'you have made me feel very com fortable here,' says he. ' Whenever I think of Roseville, I shall think of you, ma'am, and here is a small proof of my regard.' 'Then he put a' envelope into my hand right along with the dust rag, an' went back inter his bedroom an' shut the door.' ' Umm,' said Mrs. Allsop. 'I didn't want to open the envelope there,' ran on Mrs. Brace, ' so I jist scooted over to my bedroom an' shut myself in. Here she paused and looked at Mrs. Allsop. ' Well!' said that lady sharply. ' What do you suppose was in that envelope, now ?' ' Umph! His fotygraff.' ' No, ma'am.' ' Goodness ' me ! I can't guess.' Mrs. Allsop was growing frigid. 'It was a bran-new fifty-dollar bill.' Mrs. Allsop was frozen. Had they not been equals hitherto, joint holders of a stock secret, and now -Mrs. All sopp aroused herself. ' I wonder what Brace 'll say to that.' (.To be continued.) 