Religious. First Principles in Politics. The Rev. W. Whale preached in the City Tabernacle on Sunday on "First Principles in Politics." The rev. gentleman took for his text the words "For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost," Romans, xiv., 17. He Baid that one thought suggested by the words was that we must live by the ideal. The man who had a grand ideal realised the imper fections of the aotual more than one whose ideal was low and worldly. Every enthusiast had not only his cure for present ills, but also hia opinion ot what would constitute a perfect state of things in the future. Whatever and wherever the kingdom of God might be, his text showed that God's kingdom was not meat and drink, but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. There could be no peace without righteousness, and no true joy without righteous peace, and no righteous peace or joy until the people got into the right spiritual condition. We should never get the ideal world until we got the ideal people. We were told that the voice of the people was the voice of God, but he would reverse the phrase, claiming that the voice of God ought to be the voice of the people. Many things supposed to be essential to the kingdom of Ood were not essential. Things which were essential to the kingdom of Ood were some times undervalued by people who seemed to think they aimed at the ideal kingdom. Whether in personal life or political life the first essentials to God's kingdom were a clear conscience and a clean life. The man who was not sincere was, consciously or un consciously, a hypocrite. The root of our ail ments was our sins, and sinfulness if traced to its root would be found to be in some form or other selfishness. This selfishness caused alienation between man and man, and also between man and God. Pri marily (righteousness meant *> to be right," and referred to the condition of a man's life. God would not build a kingdom on iniquity, but the kingdom must be built on the fundamental laws of right, truth, and goodness, so that whatever deviated from these principles hindered the kingdom of God. Some would like to alter the order of righteous ness and peace and have peace without righteous ness, peace so that unrighteousness might continue; but there could be no God's peace in which there was unrighteousness. One of the leading politicians of England on his re turn from the Berlin conference stated that he had brought peace with honour; but there were many who thought he had not brought peace with righteousness, and that the word honour was used rather in a diplomatic sense. In God's kingdom there oould be no diplomatic sense of honour. He who would seek peace and tolerate unrighteousness was a coward who had not the courage of his convictions. He who had not a dear conscience might be a politician acting from policy or expediency, but was not a Christian, and Christian men had ever been in the forefront of the conflicts of the ages, seeking to realise the right thing for the nations of the earth. We could not be at peace with God unless it waß a righteous peace, and so peace and righteousness must go to gether, and until both were attained it was better that we should have turmoil and conflict and controversy. It was not in itself a bless ing, this conflict and controversy, but it was essential to the development of the right kind of manhood. " Righteousness, peace, and joy." Joy was that overflow of spiritual gladness and gratitude whioh gloried in Borne attainment or the possession of some privilege. We could not have joy without peace, and therefore without righteous peace. He would not make applications rb to how far these conditions had been realised in political associations, or how far we were from realising them; but he affirmed that if there was any deviation it was a fault, and might under some conditions be even a crime. The principles could not be altered to suit politicians. The rule of God in the individual and in the sooial and public life meant righteousness, peace, and joy. Another point he would dwell upon was the power, without whioh we could not approach, appre ciate, or appropriate the kingdom of Qod, and that was the power of the Holy Ghost. We wanted to begin with the right spirit, and if we had this there would not be noise and turmoil, bitter things said about one another, gross misrepresentation, horrible caricatures. It was impossible to get the same opinions among men, for so sure as men thought they would think in some respects differently one from the other, and unless we could get the spirit of divine charity we should not have the blessings whioh were essential to the kingdom of God. We could not separate politics and religion without injury to politics. He did not mean that churches as churches should organise themselves into political associations, but that religion must inculcate methods and principles which the politician had got to apply to the praotioal affairs of the State, and he contended that it was not right to. touch politics unless we could subordinate them to the principles of Christianity. It was not his view or practice that the Church should refuse to touch politics, and that it was the duty of God's people to stand aside and deliberately by sheer indolence hand the work over to the devil and his angels. Bunch of "Beauty of Glen Retreat" Oranges. [See letterpress on this page.] 