[?] [?] CHAPTER XVI. The eaptaiu was himself on guard on the other side of the camp, and 1m quickly came up to find oat what the confusion meant. 44 This girl is suffering for food and rest,' said Harkins, 14 and most be attended to first. Then you shall have the story. He quietly aweke Bess, made a brief explanation, and after Lizzie had been pro vided with ' food the two girls sought the &nd; Harkins sat down with, ths captain anl Joe to tell his story. While certain in his own mind that Taylor had hied upon him, there was no proof. Neither of Lis listeners doubted that assassination had been intended, but unless Taylor broke down and confessed it, what could they do ? Moral certainty is not proof. " And what makes the thing more strange to me is. the fact that he joust have had a strong motive," said the captain. . . 44 And we can't guess it," added Joe. Then Harkins told them of the death-bed relation of the old hunter, and the motive was plain. Taylor was determined to possess the secret clone. He told them of the rene gades and their errand — of tbe girl he had rescued and what had happened to her, and of the emissary who might be expected to appear in camp next forenoon. It was daybreak before they were through talking, and yet only the two men and Bess knew of the arrivals. "The first thing is to dispose of Tay lor," said the captain, in response to an in quiry of what should be done. "The men will soon be astir, and Harkins had best lie low for a couple of hoars. As soon as breakfast is over I shall ask Taylor to head a party to the place he described. Let us see what he will do.'' Harkins sought one of the waggons, and when the mea roused up, one after another, not one had a suspicion that anything un usual had occurred during the night. Breakfast was prepared and eaten, and the captain and Joe, who were watching Tay lor very closely, saw by his demeanor that he was restless and ill at ease. He seemed to have lost his appetite, and he glanced around him as if expecting gome sudden danger. , Bessie came from the waggon equipped as for an expedition, and, walking up to Taylor, she eaid: " I am ready. "We are to find and re cover my father's body to-day." " Yes, I will send two men with you," added the captain. " I — I can't go — not this morning!" stammered Taylor. " I'm sick. I'm almost too sick to sit up." 44 Do you still say that the Indians shot my father down P" demanded Bess. 44 Do I ? Of course, I do ! You all seem to be &sin; me. Do you think I killed him my self?" " How many Indians did you count 7" "All of ten." 11 How did they attack you 7" 44 Fired a volley at us and then began to yell." 44 You are sure they yelled ?" 4 4 Sure ! They kept it up half an hour." " It was odd that I heard no other sound but the single report of your rifle!" said a voice behind Taylor, end he wheeled about to find Harkins confronting him. The man's amazement and terror were pitiful. He essayed to speak, but the words would not come. He looked helplessly from side to side and trembled as with a chill. "It is not the dead come back,'1 said Harkins, 4 'bat the living. Your bullet only grazed my arm. I fell into a gulch just as you fired upon me. There were no Indians there!" Taylor looked from man to man. Each face was hard set and vengeful. " Yon are all agin me !' he finally shouted. 44 You've got mad at me and vant to drive me away ! "Why should I want to take Hatkins's life 7" " But you fired upon me, and here is the empty shell te prove it," said Harkins. " If — if I did, then I was scared of — of the Indians, stammered Taylor. " You know the law of the plains !" said the captain to Taylor in a flinty voice. 44 The man who murders a comrade must die himself !" "I — I didn't murder him !" "No, you did not, hut the man who at tempts murder must be punished. You must go ! In one hour you must be out of camp, and shonld you return you will fee fired upon !" To turn a man out in that locality was giving him up to a hundred perils, if not to certain dath , but Taylor eagerly caught' at the opportunity. " I'll willingly go," he replied. " Indeed I don't want to stay. You are all agin me and I couldn't be easy here. I can take all my traps, I reckon 7" "Certainly." Taylor had a horse, blankets, spare ammu nition, spade and pick and cooking ntensils. These articles were packed up and strapped to his horse, and he was given food enough to last him a week. His " truek" had been stored in the rear end of a wazgera owned fey another, and his going simply decreased the strength of the party one man. As he was ready to ride away the captain kindly said : 44 It's hard lines, Taylor, but it's the law : we .all live by. Harkins had the right to shoot you the minute he entered the camp." u Yes, I reckon he had, though he madega big mistake in accusing me." " I hope you'll keep clear of Indians and ! meet with good-luek." "Audi!" "Audi!" "Audi!" Even Harking echoed the sentiment, and with a wave of his band Taylor was off. He rode straight up the valley, and as he went f he smiled grimly and chuckled to himself: It's your tain this morning. To morrow it may be mine. Yesterday I thought A haa to kid but one. To-day I'm planning to wipe out the whole pack. 5<ot one of you shall leave this valley alive !" _ . Half a mile to the east a bend in the valley hid him from view. He rode on for about a mile, and then discovering a ema 1 valley leading off at right angles he entered it, followed it up for forty rods, and tuea dismounted and prepared to camp. 41 As for Indians," he mused, as he looked about him, "I don't think there are any left in the hills. They have all gone forward to fight off the rush, and before summer is over tbe rush will have carried every redskin out of the locality. " He threw ths spade and pick aside in dis - gust as he unpacked and growled : 44 I shan't want ye— leastwise for digging out gold — I'll get it easier. Five miles the other Bide of camp is the ravine, and up that ravine is the cave of gold. I'll have my hands on the stuff before to-morrow night if it is there, and then let the waggon train look out ! It's death to all !" Meanwhile the camp had a visitor. CHAPTER XVII. From the same direction taken by Taylor, but evidently coming out of a narrow valley , bearing off to the left, appeared a white man with a gun on his shoulder. He was in view wheu half a mile frbm camp, and long before he reached it all the men were watching his approach. He was one of the four renegades, and this was the visit Harkins had heard them plot ting to make. The captain, Harkins and Joe knew this, but none of the others knew that the girl Lizzie was in camp, she having kept he self secreted in the waggon. The man continued to advance at a leisurely pace, and by and by he was near enough to the group to call out : 44 Howdy, strangers ! I reckon I kin come in, being as I ain't- a hostile Indian." The oaptain returned his salutation, and the renegade came to a halt in the camp, looked keenly around him and continued : 4 4 Come after gold, I reckon, and from the looks o' things you've been fooling away your time fur a hull week. In course, you a strange and bhadoweby procession. was green and didn't know or you wouldn't hev stopped here two hours. " 4 4 What's the matter of this place?" queried the captain. 44 Nuthin, so fur's grass and water goes, but if you want gold you must go whar it is. Leastwise, the rest of us hev had to." 4 4 And where is that ?" " A matter of twelve miles up the val ley. Thar's plenty up thar to be had fur the digging, and only a small party has got en to It yet. Never saw such richness afore. I believe ye kin almost load one o' tfeem waggons in a month." There were murmurs of admiration and exclamations of astonishment from the men. 44 1 belong to the party up thar," con tinued the stranger, 44 but I don't go much on digging out the stuff. Rather be mov ing around, you kaow. I kin guarantee that the boys will welcome ye if ye want to come. That's enough far all." 44 It is very generous, indeed, df you." re plied the captain. "We caihe for gold, arid, of course, wo must take tliO advantaze of your offer.' 44 Aye ! that we must," shouted the men. 44 What brought me out this morning, at ! least, this way," observed the man, as' he carefully noted everything in camn 44 was a ca' amity. One of the boys up thar brought his gal out with him. The Inj'uns got arter us and skeart her clean crazy. Since that time she's bin tryin to run away, imagining that tbe reds were arter her scalp. She got off last night-and might hev cum this wav " 44 That's awful !" sighed Harkins. 44 I've got a gal of my own down in the waggon there, and I'd rather sea her dead crazy." 4 4 The wolves would be likelv to pull her down last night," mused Joe." 44 Two or three big fellows were around camp just be fore daylight." 44 So ye've got a gal o your own?" queried the man of Harkins in tones which I betrayed doubt. " Oh, Bess !" called the Utter in reply and the girl pat her head out of the waggon and asked what was wanted 44 Waal, I'll hev to lobk further," said the renegade, as he turned away. 44 Poor gall How 1 pity her ! And when willwe be ready to move np the valiey to the gold fields ?" « Today perhaps," answered the oaptain. ' Better not lose any time, wtfcar willbe a rush in yere from all directions. So long W1 en he had cl arei th camp Harkins told bis story and the man's object was maae plain. Harkins did not keep bock the Beoret of the cave, but told it just as he had received, it and suggested that in case the contents could be found there should be an equal division. 44 They want us to move up the valley m order to let them out," explained the cap tain. 44 Therefore, our plan will be to remain where we are until we know what there is m the story. They haven't found the (Ave yet and there is a chance of cur coming in first. We shall certainly do some looking for it. We'll let that chap get well out of sight and then go on a still hunt." Two hours later the captain, Harkins and a man named Andrews set ont in company under the guidance of the second to seek the canyon and the cave. While they are searching let ns sea what befell Taylor, who had made a temporary camp in the small valley. When he came to think it over he con demned himself for havinz acted so rashly. He was now alone and outlawed. Should he succeed in finding the gold, how was he to bring it away? He was and would be in constant danger from the Indians, and if given a team and the gold loaded up for him there was not one chance in a hun dred of his driving safely back to civilis ation. While he coveted all he realised that he mutt be content with a share in order to get any at all. 4 4 If I should go back and tell 'em of the cave it would make ""em feel all right," he soliloquised, sb be Iboked up at the rugged sides of the valley. 4 4 Fool ! fool" he exclaimed after a mo ment; 44 hasn't Harkins already told them of it as the reason why I sought his life ? All know it and will divide &ud; leave me ont in the cold ! I'm the biggest fool on earth !" 44 1 quite agree with ye !" said a voice not five feet sway, and Taylor sprang up to find the renegade who had visited the camp below standing almost over him. 44 Sawyer hossea' tracks leading in yere, ye know," said the renegade in explanation. 44 Rather curus to find a white man prowling around alone in this kentry. Yer scalp must be nailed on or ye wouldu't chance it this way." 44 Who are you asked Taylor, as soon as he had recovered from his surprise. 44 The same question to ye, and what is it about a cave of gold and dividing up ?" Here was help. If the man belonged to a party the gold might yet be secured. He was a hard-looking customer — one who would not scruple at anything. 44 Sit down,' sail Taylor, as he made him self comfortable. 44 1 came here with a party camped two or three miles below. They came to prospect for gold, but I came to loolcfor a cave already filled with it. They sort o' suspected me, and because I wouldn't divide they drove me out of camp this morning." 44 Whar did ye hear of that cave 44 From an old hunter named Saunders." 44 Who used to chum with a pard named Bridgers ?" 44 Exactly." 44 Whl, I'm yere fur the same puxpose. What I got was secondhand from old Bridgers, but it looks straight 'nuff. There's four of us in the party and we've got ridin' horses and a team." 44 That's the checker !" exclaimed Taylor, as he brought his fist down on the grass. 44 1 wan't to join you.'' 4 1 And ye know just whar the cave is 7' 44 1 Believe I can walk to it in the night." 44 Suppose we should hev a sow with, the people camped below ?" 44 I'll do my snare of shooting. There's two or three qf 'em who will eet a bullet the first time I have a chance to cover 'em." 44 Come on. I guess the boys will take ye in under the sarcumstances. Haven't seen nuthin of a gal wanderin around yere, 1 suppose?" 44 No." 44 Waal, saddle up." An hour later Taylor was in the camp of the outlaws. When the men learned that he had been driven out of the camp below and that be had received minute particulars re garding the locality of the cave of gold they extended him a warm welcome. 44 Whar do ye make it out to be 7" asked Bob, the leader. ett 44 Five miles the other side of tbe wag-con train." 44 No!" "That's what the hunter said— five miles to the left of the peak." 44 And this isn't the canyon ?" 44 It can't be. It's below that camp. I'll stake my life on it." "Then doggone it, we've bin wrong all the time. We located tfiis as the place. If it's below $he damp, then we dotft keer a button whether they movToTlr" they'll likely be goiitg nnV/! ««; fl We'd better bitch np and be 1 CHAPTER XVin. 3 I The next three days were fall nf . . I events. The party which sat out V!rac& I waggon train to hunt for the canr certain that the one near which fti I gades had encamped was the 1 were looking for. they fl Taylor and one of tbe renegade# 1 pected down the valley and found a ?l01 I which Taylor was sure contained m?® I and its treasure. I Both parties were working in the il « 1 but the waggonmen had the advJt' 1 They knew the renegades for what sSl I were, and also discovered that Tavln. I joined them. Some of the men we» if 1 attacking them and wiping out the >!? I five to revenge the murder of the emhrr 1 and his wife, but this the captain would! 1 approve. He would lose a man or two 1 W, even if hewoaa great victory, 1 did not forget that the Indians might nak I their presence known at any moment. I At the second visit paid the canyon abo I the renegades, the waggonmen penetratS I far enough to be certain that this wag ft 1 one described by Saunders. They 1 have investigated still closer but for ft 1 approach of a storm, which made ftZ 1 anxious to reach the shelter of camp. 1 Strangely enough, the other party I just as firmly convinced t ha. the other cany®! I was the right one, and on the forenoon of 1 the third day it was decided that they shenld 1 move. Bob had told a big st u-y to get the 1 o: her party off up the valley, and as they had 1 not moved the renegades did not know what I to make of it. He could not see why fte? I should question his veracity, but Taylor I made the situation plain when he said : I 44 Harkins has, no doubt, toid them of the I cave, and they are mskiDza still tamt for it. 1 Depend upon it, he has given the secret 1 away, and they'll divide up the stnfiif thev 1 find it." 1 It was decided to hitch up and movedowa 1 the valley at once. It wcu d not do for I Taylor to be seen, and he was to hideaway I in the waggon. Bob cooked up what he I thought a very plausible yarn, and about noon Joe, who happened to be looking up ! the valley, saw the waggon a mile away. The rescued girl was at once hidden from sight, and the men in the camp quietly made ready to meet an attack. j The waegon came ob, three of ti.e rece- gades riding their horses and the fourth driving, while the horses of the latter and the one belonging to Taylor followed tie i waggon. The vehicle could have passed tie j camp by fifty yards, but it drove up and j halted within ten, and Bob called out:— | 44 Hello ! to all of ye again. I reckoned ye'd be up at the diggings by this time, but ye don't seem to keer for geld. I come out to guide these boys, who hev made their pile and are now headed for Brule. Didn't gee anything of the lost gal yet The captain beiDg absent with a party, «TW tock it upon himself to answer. 44 We shall probably move this afternoon. The waggons had to be overhauled and fixed. So you've got gold in the waggon?" 44 Gold 'nuff to buy half oi Dakota, my friend. Sorry we can't let ye see it, but it's kivered up fur the journey. Meet any luck yet r" 4 4 On'y so so. Where did you get that bay horse?" 44 1 was jist goin to aak ye if ye had eves seen him afire. We met a chap named Taylor a eoup'e of days ago, who was headed for the mines. He alloaed he didn't need his hoes any longer, and I bought the beast for fifty dollars " 44 Yes, that is Taylor's horse, and I wondering how you came by him. Wat Taylor all right?" 44 Seemed to be as peit as ft cat. So ye are going away to-day ?" 44 That's what we expect." 4 4 Waal, I'm going on with the boys fat about twenty mile, and I may see you as I cum back. Good look and good bye." The little party moved off down iba alley, every renegade chuckling with eana faction, and they were soon out of sight. Half an hour later the captain and his party returned, and dinner was quickly despatched and the teams harnessed for a move. By three o'olock a new camp been formed in the mouth of the canyon The waggons were run in out oi sight, a wai of rook was piled up as a screen and defence and in a little cave were found water an grass for the horses for tbe time being. It was well that they had moved promptness and made things secure. e sunset tbe rain descended in such torren j that the main valley was almost a j good- sized stream swept down the ted ! the canyon and out into the valley, I within an hour the footprints of the hora» and the tracks of the waggons had j obliterated. The storm lasted half the nig®b j oausina great discomfort in the C6®P» . n I the next day was rot three hours 1 everybody was made to realise that the stoua i was his salvation. Some of the men w l still eating their breakfast whtn Joe, had been down to the mouth oi tee cft»J j for a look around, returned and said : j 44 Injuns till you can't rest!" . j 41 Where? where?" called half 8 ® j 44 In the valley. A band of at j has just gone tearing by." . j The fire was burning clear and j smoke, although it had been bunt ftJP" j the wall of the canyon, in a place J smoke would go filtering up among tee j Every man was ordered down to tee 1 and they reached it in time to see the j the Indian band disappear up the va j j 44 What's your opinion?" asked te j tain of Joe as they stood together- . 1 44 They are hunting for us. Xhej > W 1 word that we are in this vslley, . o- | are trying to ftcate ns. They P „ j expected to find us at the other caeip i 44 Well, I hope they'll keep w | they are coing." . fcnoW J 44 But they won't, captain. W j J that we left that camp about noon I day. They picked up a dozen prp th« 3 They believe we went ®raigh . A alley. They'll figure th»t .5® j have gone over ten or twelve n1"68.. u I storm broke. Eive mites they408 J Will be looking for our tesik m . J ftSit they will ride on nulea farther. Ken tbe/will disoover that we did not go fiat way at aU." f«Aad then whatP' «They will come back looking into all the plaoes, and then we shall have a EhtwiSi odds of five to one. i I'm afraid so," said the captain, " and we cannot look for a rescue by the Sua. The party -wMoh passed down yes- terdsy h% n0 doukt> been butchered. «I think the reds struck into the valley T>v a pasf farther up," answered Joe. f'lhere would have been fighting, and we jjhoold have heard the reports of rifles. We must get ready. The mo nth of the canyon was about one hundred feet wide. Seventy- five feet up it harrowed ro fifty feet and made a bend. The waggon3 were in this bend and a wall had already be. n thrown across a portion of the fifty feet Every man now went to work to extend this wall to a distance of thirty- five feet and to make it look like a landslide from the bank. Dirt was thrown in among the rocks, and bushes pulled up and set among tbem, and two or three of the men brought armfals of vines and creepers and trailed them over the wall. It would not do to close up the entire width of the canyon, as the Indians probably knew of its existence. The wall made a strong1 barricade, and as the men surveyed it from "the other side they pronounced the deception perfect. The test was at hand. They were yet at work when the advance of the Indian party was seen returning down the valley. They knew that if the waggon had come up the valley they had dodged in somewhere. ' Every man to cover and lie low until I give the word," ordered the captain, and in a jncment the gloomy mouth of the canyon was as quiet as a graveyard. CHAPTER XIX. The Indians were in truth looking for the waggons. Both parties had a narrow es cape. Their presence in the valley had been detected by scout or stroller and information Carried to some point from which a war party of seventy had been despatched to sur prise and annihilate them. This party had come in by one of the narrow valleys and found the camp abandoned. The severe storm had obliterated all traces, and the Indians had gone up the valley to pick up the trail. As they returned they were riding at & slower pace, and were spread out the width of the valley. ; Would they look into the mouth of the canyon ? The query was answered five minutes alter. Three warriors turned their posies to the right and rode in to within ten feet pf the stone wall. They rode its entire length and halted in the gap and looked up the canyon. The men were lying flat down on the earth, each clutching his rifle, and horses and waggons were just around the bend. Could it escape the Indians that the wall was artificial? MuBt not their sharp eyes detect the figures hugging the earth ? It did not seem that the gold-hunters had one show in a thousand to escape detection, and yet they were not detected. After a halt of not more than a minute, though it seemed a quarter of an hour to each man, the trio of red skins passed on and the moment of peril was passed. A hit of natural philosophy stood between the gold-hunters and discovery. The Indians had turned into the gloom and shadow from the bright sunshine, and their vision was shortsighted and uncertain. Had they waited a little longer they must have seen something or other to arouse their suspi cions, but they seemed impatient to get on. "Thank God 1" whispered more than one man as the horses were heard moving away. In half an hour the gold hunters dared exult and plan. Two men were left at the wall as look-outs, three or four others were held as a reserve at the camp, and the cap tain, Harkins and Joe set out up the canyon to search for the cave of gold. When the darkness became so intense as to interfere with their progress they lighted torches, and a thorough inspection was made of both walls. The canyon extended into the mountain for a full mile, winding and turning, and long enough before it ended »be pine trees met above it and prevented a aingle ray of light from descending. Nothing answering the description of the dying hunter could be found. He had said, as Harkins understood, j five miles to the right of the peak. " Here j "Was the spot. He had described the mouth of the canyon, and everything here bore out the description. He said that Bridger went up the canyon about a mile and then turned into a smaller one running to the left. | There was no such canyon. The left bank I solid rock and earth from the waggons I to the spot where the great rift stopped short I at a flinty wall a thousand feet high. The I ffhty wrath had split the mountains ihus I C0ldd S 110 farther. I Three times the men travelled from the I camp to the end of the canyon, and then all I TK6 cera"1 lhat Harkins had been mistaken. I tney sat down on a boulder in the bed of the I ®&&yon; to rest and discuss the matter, while I ..e 6lcgle torch, secured in a cleft, hardly I owed them to see each other's faces. I v k&ve; no right to complain, as I ic t ;ave lt nothing," said the captain. I ve nt slipped in. here not a I 118 wou now be wearing his scalp." I v the old man flighty in his last I tnr, V ked Joe of Harkins, who seemed | cast down. I trarv vav no evdence f it ; on the con- K the last " seerne<l wonderfully clear to I riu aps 116 eaid t left instead of the I captain Custers peak," suggested the I K|ywtaeet-the right' but I swScr;aii18 r eat mai'" I Our rpotL6 T? s.fc 6 cave we have saved I man J? , m inclined to think the old I t®Uevaj£l?S himself. I believe those I ioRovftr J jVe place a thorough look- If thecal re Dow the canyon there. I '» this iw6 2" have the gold I Htefc it." I fcU 808to£t th bowed head. He had aar« Histoid Saunders told the truth he hated to give up the search. There v? eeP afleuoe for a moment, broken by a r!?6' ,from Joe: "Great heavens.but what is that i" They were near the wall i "Which formed the end of Hie canyon. AH raised their heads and looked into the dark- 1 noss and saw a faint light shining out like a Jj® the same moment their ears caught the sound of many voiceB chanting in low : tones, and a strange, weird music filled the heavy air. "Hushy-sit still J" whispered the cap- mj8 Harkins seemed about to spring np. . Jren -0111 the face of the solid rook issued iT j 8cranSe procession of strange shadows shadows which moved in double filn right past the trio down into the blackness of the canyon toward the waggons. The one who led the procession carried what looked like a banner. Behind him was one who seemed to cany an urn. Then came four shadows which bore a bier, and those who came after had their faces upturned and were wailing and chanting. The men saw and heard and realised, but were chilled and powerless to move. Can the dead come back to earth ? Do the ghosts of those who have gone before gather in the shadows and the darkness and hold re unions ? Chant! Chant! Chant! Oat from the solid wall — a wall in which the sharp eyes of the gold hunters had failed to detect a crevice large enough to conceal a squirrel — poured the strange, quder spectres, and down into the darkness marched the pro- eessou. March ! March ! March ! Their feet kept time to the wild, weird chant, but not the sound of a footfall came to the ears of the living. Each ghostly figure stood out separate and distinct, but not a face could he seen. " We are doomed men !" groaned Harkins, as he covered his face with his hands to shut out the sight. 4 4 Aye ! We shall never leave this spot alive !" added J oe. "Hush, men!" whispered the captain as he raised his hand. 44 They are dead, true enough, hut they are the dead of a thousand years ago — of the cave dwellers and the Aztecs. I have seen them twice before, and they brought ao bad luck. Here they come on the other side !" The three were seated on a rook in the centre of the rift. The head of the spectral procession had gone down the canyon several hundred feet and then turned to come back on their left, passing them again within a few feet. March ! March ! March ! Chant ! Chant ! Chant ! Soft and low and sweet came the notes — like the murmur of the August breeze in a forest pine. The feeling of awe was crowded out of the hearts of the living, and a feeling of sadness and reverence crept in. It was the dead burying its dead ! March ! March ! Maroh ! Never the echo of a footfall, never the touch of skeleton foot to the flinty rock. The ear caught no sound but that of the ghostly voices chanting in unison. And of a sudden he who headed the spectral procession swerved to the left and disappeared into the solid wall and was followed by the long lines until the last had been swallowed up and lost sight of. And then, as silence and darkness reigned again, the captain said : " Men, we have a treasure here. Examine that wall and you will find an opening to a cave behind it." CHAPTER XX. 44 Were we awake or asleep ?'' asked Joe, as he rubbed his eyes. 44 Very wide awake," answered the cap tain. " And was it a procession, and did we hear music 7" asked Harkins. " Yes. I saw and heard the same thing once in the Rooky mountains, and once again in an old ruin in Arizona. I hare met several men who have also seen and heard." " There is no opening in the cliff," said Joe, as he held the torch aloft : ' not a cre vice where the y came out— not a hole where they went in. We have been fooled by the darkness." "You and Harkins return to the waggon for crowbars,,, and while you are gone I will collect wood and build a fire to work by," answered the captain Hip seeming confidence inspired them, and without waiting for a closer inspection of the cliff they headed down the canyon for the tools. Upon reaching the waggons all was quiet, and the queries of the men regarding the use the crowbars were to be put to were made light of, as it was deemed best not to raise hopes which might be disappointed. The captain had a bright tire blazing against the cliff as the men returned, and in resDOnse to their looks of inquiry he put his hands on the rocks and said : 44 See this line running here, and up this way, and to the right, and down and back ? A great stone has been set in here and cemented in its place. The work was done so long ago that the cement is as hard as the rock and almost the color of it. One of you begin at that side, while I take a hand here." Ten minutes' work proved what he had asserted — that a large stone had been fitted to an opening— hut the work of drilling out the cement was like drilling into the stone itself. When noon came they had made a consider able impression, but fully realised that they had undertaken a laborious task. The forenoon had passed with those at camp without alarm. The sentinels thought they heard the reports of rifleB down the valley, hut were not certain. Not an Indian had shown himself, and it was hoped they had been thrown off the scent and would leave the valley. . From the first the two girls had been drawn to eaoh other, and Lizzie found a deep sympathiser in B©ss. When brough 111 camp by Harkins the poor girl was in a truly forlorn condition, as may he imagined. While she still labored with the gnef which choked her every time she thought of theaau fate of her parents, she had been very p sentable in appearance, and more than on the waggonmen felt his heart heat fas sight of her sweet, sad face. (to be continued.) A lake thirty miles by twelve in Mexico suddenly dries up. 