EPILOGUE. There ere men who can love many women and forget easily. Lord Iriglethorpe was not one of these. He disappeared from society immediately after the sudden and mysteri ous postponement . of his wedding postponed indefinitely, and without any explanation of the cause. Instead of allowing himself to be hunted by match-mak ing mothers, he was beard of byand-by as employed in hunting lions on the «horea of the Zambesi. He same back to England a few years later; but the fever fiend had proved a worae foe than the lions, and he returned only to die. In a lovely valley in Brittany there is an old moated chateau, where a white- haired soldier and hiB handsome wife live far away from all the pompe and vanities of this world. The elderly hushand is a chronic in valid, and the wife ia hiB devoted nurse, as well as the nurse and benefactress of all the sick poor in the neighbourhood. It is a life of plaoid monotony, not free from care; for while the wife knows that the Destroyer may oome like a thief in the nieht, and that there may be swift and sudden parting be tween her and that good man. who alone knows the seoret of her life, and who loved and protected her in the day of hopeless sor row, when she.rose from a-sick bed to find herself alone in the world, since even her sister was disinclined to have any further dealings with a young woman whose caprice had lost her a devoted lover and a splendid position in eooiety. "What you and Inglethoipe oould have quarrelled about that eummer morning I have never been able'to imagine," said Lady Peter son. " He oune into the morainR-room look ing as white as a ghost, and told me quietly that all was at an end between yon. And what a pleasant thing it tfaB for me to have to faoe my friends -after such an affair as that 1" General Forrester found Sibyl Botillier the pale ghost of her former ielf, and divined the situation after half an. hour in I^dy Peterson's drawing-room. Sibyl was friendless and hope less, and it was hie interferenee which had brought her to this pass. He followed her to Brittany, where she found a quiet home for herself in a French family of modest means but anoient lineane. Hn bought a small estate is the neighbourhood, affecting to prefer the olimate and soenery to England, and here he watched over her fate for the next two years, with sublime p&tienoeandself-abhogation;, and i at the end of that time he asked her to be his wife, " 1 don't expect you ever to love me," he said. "I know that to yon I must always seem a cruel enemy." " No, you only did yourduty,"she answered meekly. " There was a time when I hated you; but afterwards I felt that you were right. I think even if you had not urged me to acknowledge my crime my own conscience would have spoken. I oould not have married bim with that boy's blood between us. But pray don't-talk to me of love or marriage. I can never forget that I was to "have been Iogle thorjpe'e wife, Forrester waB not importunate. lie only stood aai'fe and waited, believine that his day mast oome, that she would feel the loneliness of her life too great a burden, and would tarn to him for shelter and companionship, know ing that he loved her. His day oame at last, but he was almost an old man, and the dootore had told him that he bad organia heart disease, when Sibyl Botillier 4aid htsr hand m hie and said " Let me be your nurse, and faithful com panion, if you nan tru*t me with your life." " Trust you 1" he echoed;" I have loved you with all the strength of my soul eversinoethat fatal night when you »&t; by my side at sapper. I would have given my life to save yon from the penalty of your crime, and I think you know me well enough to know that 1 aoted in obedienoe to my conscience and my honour when I urged you to break off your engage ment to Inglethorne." 