FUN AND FANCY. The Captain; By jove, MisB Pompadour,, how the costumes and uinko-up alter people ! I hardly knew you. Miss Pompadour: Do I look such a fright, then ? The Cajitain; ~ou thocontrary, you look charming. A ILu'i'r" I'Phocoht. —"Phew! Half-past tlirco! Lcnuno see. Too lato for lunch, too early for dir.ucr. I'm awfully 'ungry. Let's go an' have a drink." Old Gent: My boy, do you know that you will bring your poor father's groy hairs in sorrow to tho grave? Boy: No, I sha'n't, old-'un. Old Gont: And why not, misguided youth, why not ? Boy: 'Cause tho old man's bald-'eaded. Gladys: "Why are you going to all that trouble to open that letter so very carefully, Vivian? Viviau: Oh, I had a quarrel with Mr Lighthead, and in tend to send back his letter " un opened " ; but I just thought I would Bee what he said before I returned it. Magistiato (to diminutive prisonor): There is no use your denying that you struck tho policeman, and that you wore drunk. Diminutive Prisoner (pointing to gigantic policeman) : In that tho policeman I struck, your worship! Magistrate: Yes. Diminutive Prisoner: Thcu I must have been druuk ! Tommy: F.'thor, dinu't you say wo hnd a new baby? leather: Yes, my son, why? Tommy (in a tono of conviction): "Well you've been regu larly takon in. It'a as old as any thing—quite bald and not a tooth in its head. Admirer; I am afraid you are wasting a lot of very proeiou3 affoction on that dog of yours, Miss Markham. Miss Markhain ; Well, perhaps I am ; but there is this about him, ho is a puppy that doesn't grow couceited when ho is noticed a little. Tho earefullest wife on tho look-out to prevent her husband's shortcomings always made him eat at least balf-a dozon last year's onions boforo she would trust him to go walking '? They won't want you to join kiss- in-the-ring this journey," were her last fond words as she held her nose with 0110 band and slanimjd the door after him with tho other Tho Bridegroom (affably) : Well, Johnny, aren't you sorry I'm goin" to take your pretty sister away? Tho Bride's Little Brother: No, I don't care much ; but Jack—(indicating grown-up brother) —says lie's nearly heart broken over it. The Bridegroom: Then, Jack displays considerably botter feeling than you. The Bride's Little Brothor: Yes, he's awfully up set about it—he says he don't know whore he shall borrow half-quids from now. Experienced Sportsman (on pony) : Well —had good oport, Fred, old boy ? Inexperienced Fred: Not exactly " good " —but I thiuk I've lot off about a hundred cartridges. Esporicnced Sportsman: Not so bad. . S'pose you must have " let off" an equal number of partridges! Tastes Differ.—Musical En thusiast : Idii't that truly grand ? What power! What expression ! In a uiovoment like that one seems to hear tho masterful voico ot some divine genius. Philistine: Oh, shut up. My candid opinion is that only its being cut up into bars and regu lated by tho beat of tho baton keeps that from bciug recognised as an infernal din. " How did this happeu ?" asked tho surgeon, as lie dressed tho wouud in tho chcelc, and applied a soothing poultico to tho damaged eye. -'Got nit with a stono," replied tho patient. " Who throw it ?" " My—my wife," was tho reluctant auswer. " Hum t It's tho first tiino I ever knew a woman to hit anything sho aimed at," muttered tho surgeon. "She was throwing at tho neighbour's liens," explained the sufferer. " I was behind her." " Hi, mister, je.-t 'old that there 'oss's 'ead for a minuto, whilo I gotp down, will yer?" "Wh-wh-wh ieh one?" "Why, tho orf 'un, to bo sure." "My good man, lam totally unacquainted with horses, and it is quite impossiblo for uio to tell which of your animals is an orphan." " Cuthbert cried last night, and kopt Mr Stylos awake, aud in conao queneo he is in a bad humour this morning." " Yes, madam, but Cuth bort wanted to lick tho paint off his toy camol." '? Well, if it happens agaiu to- night, let him do it. I want to ask Mr Stylos for a new hat to morrow." Mrs Youngliusband: Charles, why don't you ask Mr Philpot Laue to give you a few weeks' holiday now ? This is a sploudid opportunity just bnfore ho goes. You know you're not iiulis peusablo to him. 110 can get on with out you. Charles: I kuow that. But that's just ,it. I don't want him to liud it out. First City Man: I liavo had a miserable rido up this morning. There were a lot of strange duffers in tho carriage—one in particular. I told him all tho fuuniest tales I eould thiuk of, and lievor produced tho ghost of a smile. lie lookod as glum as possible. Look, thoro lie goes! that follow with tho felt hat and cigar. Second City Man: Why. that's Sparks. Ho does all those funny things iu tho Cracker, that you are always repeat ng, and think to very rich. Yebv Natlii.vi,.—" Shiver my timbers," said old Captain Focsul, " 1 hadn't been on shore half a day with my old shipmate , Capstan, afora he got a bit groggy, and blest if they didn't tow him into a police-static u." " What!" exclaimed Smith. " Do you mean to say, captain, that Cap stan was tipsy ?" " Half-seas over, sir. Beg'lar whisky-and-water logged." "Aud what did you do?" "What did Ido ? Why, ho being half-soas over, 1 did what every British seamau would liavo douc—bailed him out!" 