WEDDI rG DIRESS. Br ADA MJ. TROITER. 'What is her name he said, in a kind of strangled voice, turning to me. 'Elizabeth, I gasped; but we call her Lady Betty. She has ourmother's name because she is just like her.' Ko one spoke after this. The old man breathed almost in sobs, and the 3lajor signed to me neither to move nor speak. But I trembled for Betty; she was used to comforting us all, even Hugh in his darkest moods ; she seemed to divine our needs, and she could not bear to see anyone suffer without giving her utmost of consol stiot,. To her simple, true mind, only one thing at a time presented itself. So now she bent her head, and laid her cheek against the hand that held her so fiercely. The touch was the , gentlest caress; and the next moment, the old man was holding our Betty close in his arms, a rain of tears falling on her soft rings of curls. The Major had drawn me away to the other end of the gallery, and here we sat down and stared at one another. I felt very much inclined to ery myself, and had a short struggle which ended in an undignified choke. 'Hugh told me to take her home,' I said, a little crossly. She ought not "to stay any longer.' - And'tlie Major, looking straight at me, said : 'Little girl, you are at home. The picture on the wall.is that of your mother, dressed for a fancy ball in the old ancestral gown. She made a run away match with a singer, and your grandfather's heart was broken at her loss. She was as proud as he, and would never make an effort to con cili.ite him. She even kept him ignorant of the fact that she had cny children. Her husband, I imagine, clhanged his name to Sinclar, since you are called thus so all traces of them were last. Failing other heirs, I was to inherit the estate here, but with your Hugh, as you call him, present, I am a nobody, only your very far away cousin, Major St. John, and your very faithful friend. I shall retire very willingly, for, with my own large \- estates to manage, I did not want any more upon my hands.' With these words he rose, and we went back to the sofa and where my Betty wrs sitting, right under the picture of our mother. The old Squire was hangang over her, unable to keep his eyes from constantly comparing the living with the pictured face. ' Well, sir, said the Major cheerily; you must not make invidious dis tinctions; here is another claimant on your affections; a good, true, little soul, to whom I am sure you will give a corner of your heart.' ' Oh, I am only Dot, I said hurriedly, fearing again that scowl of dislike I had watched gather on his brow. I got out of sight, clumsily enough, but the Major drew me forward. 'SShe is like hler father, you think I .Dear Uncle, now on Christmas Eve, with the Glad tidings of great joy ring in your ears, ought you not to forgive and forget ' The lraijor's eyes dwelt meaningly on our lovely Betty, and I knew he meant that a gift such as that ought to fill the old Squire's heart to overflowing. I was so pleased that I suppose I smiled as my grandfather looked at me. 'SShe has a look of her mother when she smiles, said he, and he held out his hand cordially. Frcm that moment my grandfather and I have been the best of friends. But Betty and I were left alone in the gallery, while the Major and -our newly-found grandfather walked arm in-arm, up aLd down the corridor beyond. I heard the Major's strung tones again and again. 'It must be, dear uncle, and at once.' The Squire seemed much grieved and threw his arm about the young man's sho:lders. ' You can't leave me the estate now. said the Major again; Hugh Sinclair has a far greater claim upon it. But there is one more precious jewel that now belongs to you, which I must gain your consent to win. I believe in love at first sight, and from the first moment my eyes fell upon- her I felt that I had met my fate. And the glance of both rested on our Betty, who had wandered back to the further end of the gallery, standing dreaming amidst the flowers. What a lT6ely picture she made there, in her quaint rich gown, with the old lace falling Sover her.-white arms, and her yellow curls against the background of palms. ' She is only a child as yet, said the Squire jealously. Atud the Major laughed as they entered the gallery. 'Coe-, htie taid to me. 'We are going t make a sensation.' Hugh was playing a fine piece when we camne into the concert-room. Our grandfather, leading Lady Betty, calmly ascended the stage, ,iie iMajor \- followed with me. HIugh looked up wrathlfully. He was very much displeased to see us brought back to public view again. He made one crashing discord and thten rose hastily. ' Dot, I told you to go home, said he severely. But ere I could speak the Squire had-taken hint by the arm, and was spmaking to him. Then he drew him untwillingly to tihe front of the stage, antl in a few words explained to the assembled company that we were without doubt his grandchildren, re stored to hIim 'onderfully and ,unexpectedly" and that if this were satisfactorily proved, Hugh would become his heir. Of course we were surrounded in a moment, and I think tile ladies would have smothered Betty had not my grandfather stood between her and tile many determined to seize and kiss her. T.ttle notice was taken of me, which of -urse gave me time to see what others were doing. The Major had Hugh by the arm, and Hugh, halsghty as usual, did not I make himself half so agreeable as he mighthtave done; but then hlie ws s.ry 1 much bewildered at tihe sudden change in his position, and proud-well, I am sure, if he lhad not thought more of us than.of hIimself, hlie would never have taken a penny from the estate. When ppleh moved away, I heard thie Major say softly to Hugh: 'Be good to thle old man, cousin H?agh. He has had many a lonely year with his'broken heart.' d The two men took a 16ng look into one another's eyes, and then their hands met in a handclasp which promised friendship unto death. * Hugh and our grandfather took wonderfully to one another, and the Major watched their growing interest with keen delight. But-well, I most say it, for everyone knows it is the truth-nothing, and no one in the world will ever be to grandfather what Lady Betty. is. " The Major had thought of the others, too, and presently he went away and came back with our two eldest, Bessie and Let'y. But what was said then I do not know, for we were sent to bed, and slept in .s large room where, I am sure, a thousand ghosts might have wandered. For the Squire would not hear of our going away again that night, but insisted upon our remaining, as if lie feared that if he let us go he might lose us again for ever. But when I said to Betty that the place might he haunted, she only laughed, and danced about on the old oak floor, her ruby dress flashed here and there aglow in the fitful flames. ' After all, we owe everything, said she, to , the Great Grandnmother's Wedding` Dress.' Tns END. 