A NEW EMPLOYMENT. Mr. DBrown niet an acquointanc the other r lay, who was stretching it along at an awful 1'ace, as if he had the business f a: nation d.pending upon his,rapid haste. "You appear to be. in a hurry," said Brown ; "what business presses ?" i "Oh, ah, how are you?" said his friend. "'re a deal of matters to look after. I'm in the serauy of Lcgget, Walker, and Doon little, an imp?rtant firm I t'hoy.employ no less than a thousand clerks rjst at this time." . " What is your department ?" " Measuring curbstones for the' Corpora' i lion." - , . The fact is Brown's friend was: a walking gentleman oat of employment. Warned In Tllie. Yabsley-So young Bjinx is to marry Hiss Grimme,' I hear. I might harvc )roposed to her myself if a rat had not :an into the room ono evening when I was calling on her. ' Wickwire-And when she jumped up mad screamed you got eligrsted, I sunp ose? You shouldn't be critical, Yabs .ey. A woman can't help acting that way. Yon musn't expect a woman tc' set otherwise. Yabaley--Bnt she didn't do anything if the kind. She coolly picked up ook and sihaehed the life out of ,M.r. Rat the first round. She has entirely ;no much nerve' to suit m. "I should aever call Dr. Bolus in," ex claimed Hopper. " Why, he's only lit for palig doctor." "How's thatT' iuquiiried O " d. "Whay, you know with pii they kill them first, and cure them afterwards." : Fashionable :borotmakers can't always cure ladies' 'ooots if they are bad, but they heel them. .A flounder cast into strange waters said " there's no plaice like hode." , A good many pcplo take asseaside view. of thilgs this time of the year, . ,. The Parting. "It is forthe. lnst time," she whis pered. Dumbly eyes told eyes this was the truth. Always inevitable, it had eomio at alust. After to-night there wais to be no future in common. Ai vet neither has raid the word that each is think-' ing of. "Good-bvo!" A littlo word to hole so much of pain. "To forgetl". A short sentence to illustralt the inmp?s 3iblo. "Not yetl" A prayer for rec prieve. "The .endl" A futureless hour which embraces Past and Present. "The rose is dead," says hi, as a show erof petals fell at his feet. Mfechau ically removing the broken stem from I his button-hole, he added--"and--the word is sild." * "It has been a most sweet chapter in our lives," said she, with downcast eyes. "I would nbt have missed it," replied he-"though we may never add--" "To be continued." And a tear stok softly over her cheek Each had lingered, loth to turn the last torn leaf. Soon nothing wonld he left of what had been alL Alast That the books of men's lives should be writ ten in the sand, and that the tides of the years leave not even a trace. A strange emptiness fills the night. Other nights shall come ghost-haunted. Ghosts of inscrutable glances-of sweet replies to old immortal questionings. She stands beside him, her lips quniv ering itl? agony suffered for his sake. His eyes a-o tilled with pitying tears for two brokeo lives-their own. Alas, or the nights brimming with happy lilences under the stars. The shaded jamp is burning out. The hour has Dome. Words are poor things. "Did I bring my cane?" And his trembling hand reaches into a shadowy corner. "Yes; hero it is," replied she. "Good night." "Good night." Each litows that it is a good-bye. A caress. A sigh. A sob. The eoor closes. His rapid footsteps are tpeedily lost to herlistening ear. Yeo, It is over. The darkness swallowts him from aight. A murky flash. He is lighting his cigarette. And she? She slowly rearranges her rnffled bangs as she murmurs, with a yawn: "I wonder what time he'll come up to-morrow night!" They have bid each other an eternal &arowell; before. 