A CHAT WITH A HAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. (Pall Mall Gazette.) "Then you don't believe in ghosts, Mr. Brooke?" "Certainly not; but I do believe there are people who see them—in imagination." Such was the question put by a represen tative of the Pall Mall, and the answer received from Mr. W. F. Brooke, of Maskelyne and Cooke's, who the other day issued a circular —reproduced in our columns—offering to visit " haunted houses" and lay the most troublesome " spook." Mr. Brooke complains Bomewhat of the Psychical Research Society, and thinks that if more activity was Bhown many houses that have been empty for years, because they have the reputation of being haunted, might be let. He has great faith in individual work in this line, and is con vinced that if some one would set himself up as a " specialist," and offer to take up his quarters in the "dread being's own abode" for a little time, he might easily find out the real cause of the disturbance, and thus do away with the silly notions that soon spread about and give a house a bad name. " " What was your first achievement ?" " Oh, a very simple affair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Australia, and we had taken a cargo of ooals for New Zealand, but on the day previous to the sailing every man on board deserted on aocount of the strange noises that were heard in the ship's hold, and, in fact, all over the vessel. I heard the noises myself, and at first was under the impression that some stowaway was in distress. I found out this was not the case, so (having an idea) I commenced imitating various animals, and was soon delighted to hear myself answered. I proceeded cautiously in the direction of the sound, but slipped, and rolling down the heap of coals fell into the arms of the poor little pig that we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enormously fat during his inoarcera tion, existing solely upon coal I " I suppose that in many oases animals are the cause of these strange noises ?" " Oh, yes; I have had many instances of the kind. One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and rappings that had, they assured me, • come out of the earth.' I found that the sounds proceeded from the efforts of a cat to extrioate its head from a lobster tin under the floors. In another case I was quietly sitting in a ' haunted house,' with a dim glimmer of light, a piece of cheese near a suspicious-looking hole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when I saw two glistening eyes, and I • let go 1' I drew forth a beautiful speci men of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied round its neck ; no more rapping was heard there. The wood, I presume, had been tied round the poor brnte as an old dodge to scare away its ooinpanions, and in its journeyings it tapped against the laths and floors." " What are your methods of unearthing 1 ghosts' ?" "They are very simple. I have very acute hearing, and can generally locate a sound directly I hear it; but if I fail to discover in whioh direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examination of the doors and windows and floors. If I suspect that it is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who is in the house I scatter a little powder or sand around all the entrances, sit down quietly and await the appearance of the apparition or the sound of the creature. If it appear* (it never does though !) and goes off again I examine the powder round the doors for footmarks or pawtreads. I understand thoroughly the construction of a house, and consequently can often detect flaws in the building that would not be notice'! ex cept by a practical man. Strange noises are cruised by a variety of things. Clothes baskets that have contained wet clothe3 are hung up in a warm room after washing day. They will emit peculiar sounds to the nervous. Loose boards under the carpets will set many people wondpring, a beetle under neath a wall paper, too, will make a strange scratching sound. It is not a sufficiently known fact that imagination is the only intellectual faculty which exorcises a direot influence on the bodily organs, those organs being the organs of sense. It aots by pro* duoing in them, or in parts of the brain with whioh they communicate, the sanie state whioh is usually brought about by external objects act'ially present to them. The eye is most liable to be affected by these false impressions, which occur in many different states of system. I know a man who sees phantoms very often. I have been in his company when he sees them—he has had two er three attacks of 'D.T.'" " Needless to say, Mr. Brooke, you have always discovered the nature and where* abouts of the ' spirit' ?" " Tes. I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers to deal with. One houso that I visited bore a very bad name. Unearthly shrieks as of a woman while being ill-treated had been heard by the neighbours, as well as by the late oooupants. I stayed in the house by myself one evening, but failed to hear any thing out of the common, until the lady, a few minutes before 12, gave me a taste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and then in the room above; I went into the garden—abe was there; I [ went into the street —she was there. I ■ know she was there, because I heard her. I examined the house thor oughly, but with, out success, until my e fforts were rewarded aftar about a couple of hours' searching, and I traced her voice to the roof. I went for it with a ladder and brought it down under my arm—the chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knooked out of shape by the sweep's brush, and the wind caused these unmusical sounds." "By no means a pleasant job, clamber* 1 ing over the roef of an empty house ? " " I've had werse. I managed to unearth the cause of the footsteps that were always heard during rainy weather in a large house in High-street, Deptford, some time sinoe. After swarming about the outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that the gutter was stopped tip, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and oaused the tapping. Faces were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and two pots of " four •arf" informed me that "the blokes wot lived in one of the kerrevans on the fair ground behind used to go in the house when it was empty to • doss.'" Mr. Brooke got into trouble a few yean ago by his rather practical eluoidation of the Oreenwioh Mystery. He is a practical man; a disavower of spiritualism and theosophy, and he scorns " astral bodies." If any one has a real ghost for sale, he would be pleased to buy it; or if a haunted house oan be pointed out to him* he will be very happy to track " spook " to its parad ing ground. 