"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS . QUESTION % " ' Now, which is the worse— to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people on the one Bide or the other of this question. When " good diges tion waits on appetite uud health on both," that is the ideal altitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed iu that way; we either have too much food without ail appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. D.fferent folk will answer this uestion differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is belter to have an appeti e without a dinner, because, shore of the starvation liue, a hungry man is a healthy mau ; vhercas a man who qujhc to eat and doesn't. f Jul like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communi- cati -n in which the writer says, " 1 was afraid . to. eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did h<s nature rebel against ths nourisi ment lived on ? If the latter, why ? .Let him clear the mystery himself. ,He says, " In the year 18S9 I changed my work from ra lway porter to signalman. I i ad Been t signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I aid not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to loee their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. On a thing was like another, and none was good. My t ngue was c iated and furred, with a dark liue ; down the middle and yellow fur round it. My I breath was offensive ana my appetite poor, with pains throngh the chist and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything, ihen I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it relt 1 ke a ball in my throat, end cut as if it would choke me." We cancoc wooder that nuder these circum stances our fr.ead failed to do justice to liis meals. He adds that there was what lie calls "a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it . \\\ ere touched with some sharp instrument. ' Thou, again, at times ho was attacked > itli spa' ms, the »Bony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he asys, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal I male, for 1 w .s afraid to eat. . " After a time I got into s low, weak, nervous condition, and felc miserable, as if something was' going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear o: " 3oracthiug going to happen " is, ot course, the foar of some calamity, such ai the loss of his position, his own death, or ; the doutn of somebody dear to him 'This was due, fas ho intimates, to the impoverished state of his | blood (the life beiror). his unstrung nerves, and to !: the brain en'eeblei by lack cf nourishment. The | nijht of this form of i'.lnees is always full o! ghosts ! and goblins, the crcn urea of a restless and un- . governed imagination. " With great difficulty," he s lya, " I stuck to my j work, for 1 had a wife and family depending on : me. So I struggled on,- but what i suffered for over two years is past my powers of- description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as 1 have _ done." ' - . . In the latter stateme t he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own p .in is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is une's notion of his neighbour's pain. -There is a oountless multitude whj are all the , while going throngh the same wretched experience, | only we don't happen to come in touch with them. ! Well, the writer finally menti ns that after all medical treatment had left liim whore it found him he uhanced to read in a book of a case ' exactly like his own' hiving been oured by Mother Scigel's Syrup. ' My wife," he says, " got. m i a bottle at Air Laugstaff's, in Woodieaford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and ha < never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the uh de world to know what it did for me,,. l.Kave been employ. d by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years . (Signed) " George Hut, i ar Bottom Road, I . " Apperl.oy Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Air Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 