Theatrical Topics "Niobo" was played at the Strand on Jnly 28 for tho 550th und final time. A furoiaal comedy, "Tlio Sloop walker," uiuptou uy Mr. u, rx. aouold xrom mr. iv. o. Gilbert's " "Wido Awako," was produqed at the Strand, on July 25. Tho libretto of tho noxt Savoy opera has boon handed over hy Mr. Gilbort to Sir A. Sullivan, and tho latter hns gone to Hamburg to compose, tho scoro. "Curly" RcRgw nnd Mrs. Potter have again joined forces, and after a brief Iioliday (tne latter in Purls, tlio former at Aix- lcs- Buins) start for India in September, where thoy will remain aivuy a year. A silly statement appears 111 tho Star to tlio effect that J M. Barrio sold " "Walker, London," to Toolo for £259. It wus really £1,250, after taking 10 por cent ou gross rccoipts for the first 109 nights, aud that was little enough. Mr. "Walter Bciitloy has received a cnblo inossugo offering liim tho Lvcoiim Theatre, London, until Easter, during 'Irvmg's nbsonec in America. Mr. iiontley, though very proud of tho offer, lias boon compelled to decline it, having other fish to fry. M. do Lara's first opera, "Amy Rohsnrt," wns favourably received by (ho audience at Covent Garden on July 20, but tho critics aro rathor mixed in their opinions as to its future. Mdme. Citlvo as Amy; Mdme. Armand us Quccu Elizabeth ; II. Alvnrez us Leicester, aud.M. Lnssnllo ns Vuvnoy, wero in tho cast. Mrs. Kendal is tlio youngest of u family of 22, her brother, tlio into Mr. Tom Robertson, boing tlio eldest. Her father, grandfather, and unolo wero nil actors, and she herself mudo hor dabut at the ago of throe, iu tho diameter of the blind ohild in tho " Tliroo Poor Travel lers," ontliostagoof tho Murylohouo Theatre. "Kendal " is only tlio stogo pseudonym of lior- sclf and husband, whoso real name is Griiuston. Of tlio peoplo who talk about loonl indus tries, probably very few know that one of the very biggest industries iu Australia is that of Messrs. Williamson mid Musgrovu. Hundreds of peoplo nro employed, and hun dreds of pounds go to them weekly wlieu tho traditional ghost enjoys liis hebdomadal promenade. A month or two ago tho output of the finu in salaries and other expenses was over £3.(109 por week — all in cash, ton, whioh is almost us rare us tho amount paid. Someone oueo wroto to Edwin Bootli nsking iris opinion us to tho real or feigned madness uf "Handot." Tho grout actor responded: " Tho subject is, as you know, uno of endless controversy among tiio learned heads. I think I am askcil nearly 3G5 limes a year, und I usually find it safest to sido with both parties iri dispute on tlio subject. Yes, I confess I do not consider 'Hnnilet' mad — except in craft. My opinion may bo of litt-lo value, but 'tis iiic result uf many weary walks with him i'or hours together hero iu tho lobby.'' Mr. Henry Irving mid his company gave their final performance at tlio Lyceum Theatre on Saturday evening (July 22) before leaving fur a tour "in America, " Bucket" being tho picco solccted for ronresciilatiou. In u short speech at tho close, Mr. Irving announced that during his absence "a fairy tale for tho younger generation of playgoers" will lio produced ut the Lyceum at Christmas, that whon he returns in April "Faust" will bo revived, and thut this will lie followed by 11 play specially written by Mr. G'nmyiw Chit on tlio subject; of King Arthur, Lancelot aud Guinevere. . It is a striking tribute to tho business eiipuoity of Sir Augustus Harris that for 11 years lie bus succeeded in tlin previously im possible tusk of making tlio Old Drury Tiicnt.ro pay. Chattel-ton, Falconer, E. T. Smith, Anderson, and Bnmi nil 1ob(; fortunes tliero. At pantomime timo alone business wns good. Hun-is promptly grasped this grout truth, and to begin witli devoted himself to pantomiino only. Later ho replaced Shnkspeui'o with up- to-date spentnouluv inclodramu, and how woll that experiment likewiso answered is ancient; history. Tlio 1893-4 Ohristmns pantomime will ho the last of Old Drury. Tho will of tho lato Edwin Booth disposes uf over £100,000 of personal property. All of tliis was probably made ill tno earlier years of tho uetor s lifo, after tho fuiluro of tlio theatre wiiicli lio opened in Boston in 18(19. Like tliu lurgo fortunes left by Edwin Forrest and Churlotto Cushman, it was mainly tlio result of starring engagements in tho Elates. Tho will in question contnius logitoies of £1,000 and raoro to 11 round dozen of iriends, and legacies of £1,000 each to sovcral charities, most of them theatrical . The rest of tho money is left to his duughtor and lier oliildren, 110110 of whom, by tlio way, are 011 tlio stage, which ut present only counts tivo of tiio groat noting lamily, a nephew, Mr. Sydney Booth, und tlio famous Mrs. Agnes Bootli. Immediately after the reoonfc performance of M. Alexander Dumas' piny Dcuise," ut Drury Lnno (suvs Hie rail Mall itmh't), somo" wag wroto to a daily paper and ex plained that thoro wore epigrams in "De11i.su " whioh wore obviously parodied, nnil some times lifted, from a play called " Lady Windermere's Fan." Tlio writer naturally asked who is this M. Dumas t.iiat ho should, without acknowledgment, convoy tho plirnseR invented hy n dramatist whoso work lias lieon performed before iris. Tho irony was patent to anyone who know whon " Donisn " was pro duced. But M. Mnurieo Spronck, n critm of very cousiderubln ability, put tho lottcr down to our insular ignnranco of Dumas fils, and wroto a very pretty lay eomion in- the D hats on tiio subject. It is raroly Frortclnnon huvo any humour, bat most of them lmvo enough wit to avoid mistakes like this. In tlio Court of Queen's Bench, Loudon, buforo Mr. Justico Cave and a speciul jury, uu action for duinuges for utloged breach of con tract, was brought, hy Henry Ellis, William Henry Ellis, and Jolm Brill — who control the Royal Musio llnll, Holborn— against. Mrs. Conoy, professionally known ns Miss Lottie Collins, of Ta-ra-in-booin-dc-ay " l'umo. The contract " was dated Murcli 21, 1891, liy which tho defendant agreed to perform nt tho hall on October 3, 1892, and six ivooks thoreafter, and tlio defendant wholly failed lo fulfil such agreement, and boforo tlio end of tho timo went, for a remunerative lour iu America. It wus said that " Tii-ra-rii " was popular nt tho time, nnd Hint tho with drawal of defendant affected tlio rceuipts ut tlio Lull. Miss Lottio Collins was in court, but was not called. Hor counsel urged thut tiio loss to tlio luill hud been exaggerated, and that tho popularity of tlio song was thou ou tho wane. The jury g»vo a verdict for plaintiffs, with £300 damages. 