INDUCTION OF THE NEW VICAR OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. There was a large congregation at St. Paul’s Church, Ballarat Bast, last evening on the occasion of the induction of the Rev. Alfred J. H. Priest as vicar of the parish. The ceremony was performed by the bishop of the diocese, and the Revs. Canou Rad cliffe, Canon Flower, Canon Mercer, and the Revs. J. C. Carmichael, W. H. Geer, F. Reynolds, B. J. M. Davies, and F. Barker were also present. The service commenced with the singing of the hymn, “ We bid thee welcome in the name of Jesus, our exalted Head,” during which the bishop, with his chaplain, Canon Radeliffe, and the vicar designate, were met at the west door by the wardens and vestry, who presented the keys of the church to the lastnamed, and led the way to the chancel. The bishop then read the office for induction. At the conclusion of the ceremony, the new vicar was conducted to the prayer desk, and having returned the keys, commenced the evening service. Special psalms had been selected for the occasion, namely, the cxxi. and the cxxxii., lessons for the evening were Isaiah vi., 1 tn 9, and St. John x., Ito 17. The first leßson was read by the Rev. Canon Mercer, and the second by Rev. Canon Flower. The anthem rendered by the choir was Mendelssohn’s magnificent “ How lovely are the messen gers that preach us the gospel of peace.” The sermon was preached by the bishop, who took for his text St. Luke xv., part of verse S—“ Light a candle and sweep the house.” In the course of an excellent .and practical discourse, the speaker Baid that though a candle and broom were somewhat homely things they taught ub by Christ’s parable of heavenly things. A lamp stands for light, and a broom puts an end to torpor, stupor, stagnation, and may be taken as a sign of liveliness. Thus the lamp aud the broom referred to suggest two very august couceptionß, light and life. Bvery parish re quires the candle and the broom; light the candle, use the broom, aud missing souls will be found, aud treasures will be restored. They were there that night tn deal with the lighting of- a pariah candle. The first requisite for a pastor is a man upon whose soul the heavenly light has descended with the power of the Holy Ghost. There were three wrong destinations for a lighted lamp and one right one. First, the light was not to be put under a bushel; secondly, it was not to be placed in a secret place, or, nB the revised version puts it, ia a cellar; and the third wrong place mentioned by our Saviour was, that it was not to be placed under a bed. An analogy might be drawn as pointing out that the bushel and cellar represented eating and drinking, and the bed self-indulgent ease. Where, then, was the light to be placed? We were told “ On a candlestick ” —that is upon the lamp stand—so that it might give light to all who may be entering in. An induction is just the taking of the light and putting it on the stand: otherwise, putting the minister iu his proper place. The office of vicar of St. Paul's was a dignified one. He trusted that St. Paul’s might be what it had been in the past, a scene of light and life, and darkness and deathliness chased away. He. believed that the light was being put upon the right stand, and a lamp which would not shine dim for want of trimming. He congratulated the parishioners of St. Paul's on the termination of the period of vacancy in the parish. He had that day re ceived a letter from their late respected vicar, who referred in affectionate terms lo St. Paul’s Church. The preacher having spoken in kindly terms of the new vicar, said he believed that neither the Rev. Mr Priest nor his wife would ever regret at casting in their lot with the people of St. Paul's. The Bishop concluded an admirable sermon with the words of St. Paul:;— “ Brethren, farewell. Be perfect, bB of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of love and peace shall be with, you.” At the conclusion of the service the choir saug the Hallelujah Choruß. 