SOUTHERN LIGHT. [ALL EIOHTB BEBBRVEB.*] (Incumbent of Pt. Matthew's, Windsor.) CHAPTER XXXIV. BY THE REV. S. G. FIELDING, fContinued.) " Stop for your life !" thundered Peter to the man who had hold of the forward fall. The first man that says "lower away, again," he continued, drawing his knife from hia belt. "I'll plunge this into his cowardly heart." " You wretch," he added, addressing the seoond mate, " what have you and the skipper done with Fred Seymour? Speak, or you're a dead man!" "I believe the skipper has him below," replied Fagin, frightened by the gleaming knife. " There's no time to save him now." "Boldon a bit, lads; don't let UB leave our shipmate to perish. I believe they've got him below. Gome, Pat, he said, let's look for poor Fred." Then saddenly he seized Fagin by the throat. " Let me go!" gasped the mate, almost strangled in his powerful grasp. " Not until you show me where Fred is." " He's down in the lazarette. I saw the captain and the passenger put him there/' " Great heavens! In the lazarette of the burning ship ? Down you go and •how us." They forced Fagin to precede them down the companion steps. A pistol shot startled them as they approached the door. " What's that?" exclaimed Peter? An intant later tbey burst into the cabin, shaving Fagin before them. Aspy was standing against the door of bis state room, the pistol in his hand still smoking from the shot he had fired at Tack Somen. " Ochone! be the Blessed Mother an' Bainta; I belave he's murthered him," said Pat, catching sight of the smoking revolver. " Where have you got Fred Sey- > znour ?" cried Peter, furious with passion. Aspy took no notice of the sailors, " You dog!" he hissed at his second mate, "You've betrayed us. Take that!" A bright flash illuminated the oabin, Fagin uttered a ehrill scipam, clapped bis hand to MB heart, and fell writhing and groaning on the floor. " You murderous villian," cried Peter, making a rush at the captain, but before he could reach him, Aspy bad sprung inside his cabin, slammed and bolted the door. "Let's block the ruffian in," said Peter, and prevent him from: doing further misohief." They quickly lifted the oabin table and jammed it against the captain's .door, then tore off the locker covers and threw them across it.' " Be Jabers!" exclaimed Pat, pioking up Jackson's pistol that bad fallen on the deck. " n ere'e something that'll tape him in. If ye as much as make a move to come out 6f that while we ire here, I'll blow yer dirty, brainB out," and to show that he was in earnest, the Irishman fired a shot .through a panel of the door. Peter was too anxious about bis friend to take any further notice of the Captain. "Fred! Fred!" he shouted. " Where we you t JFor. heaven's sake, answer if you are alive. Next moment be was peering down the lazarette batch, through which emolce was now. issuing in thick streams. The fire was 'fait making its way into die'Aftermost part of the ship. "Fred! Fred J" he cried in agonised- -tones, • the sweat etanding in great beads upon bis faoe. "Belowthere, Fred." A feeble voice replied, " Is that you, Peter ? For God's sake, save me!" CHAPTER XXXV. BOUND M THE LAZABBTXE OP THE BUBS- NRA SHXP : THE-LAST OF THE " SOUTHERN • LIGHT." , Hough the mills of OoS^dndtlcnrir, • Yet th«y grind exoeedlsg smaJl; Tbowh with patienoe He ntuid* waiting, Wmenctoei! grind. Ha »U. —EmtfMmc. When conMdousness returned, Fred found himself laahedJto.A stanchion, in the dark, filthy hold cf the *hip. What bad happened, or where be was, be at first could inot telL He remembered thrf straggle on thffpoop.but aftertiot hll was blank. He could not move from the position in which he was bound. He felt that a cord was drawn tightly round his body, arms and legs, which caused him exquisite pain, whenever he tried' to move his limbs. The rope cut into his fleBh. From the motion of the vessel and the swirl and gurgle of the waters underneath the counter, he gathered that be was somewhere in her stern. Minutes, which seemed hours, dragged slowly away. "What did Aspy intend doing with him?" he thought to hiocself. " Would he kill him? But why? When? Surely the men would miss, and rescue him." He struggled to free himself, but it. was impossible. The rope only cutjdeeper into his fleBh. Thirst now tormented bim. He felt that he would give anything for a drink of water. " Would they leave him to [die in that foul place for want of food and water ? He had heard and read of such things. He knew that a boy had been chained in the forepeak of an American ship, and left to die there. He remembered the case coming before the authorities at Hong Kong. W& 8 similar fate reserved for him ? ~ Again he made a desperate but ineffectual effort to free himself. At last from sheer pain and weakness he sank into a semi-conscious state. Only a dim idea of what had happened, or where he was, possessed bim. He thought that he must have been for days bound in the darkness, with the cruel rope cutting into his fleBh with every lurch of the ship. It seemed a long time since he had beheld the sun, and the blue sea, and s&y;, and human forms. Then a dreary blank, a wild waste of dar&neBS;, settled down upon him. * * * When he awoke once more to con soiousaess, the place was filled with a deadly, suffocating smell. Suddenly a dark form appeared under the hatchway, and for a moment obscured the ray of light that came through it. He thought it was some one about to rescue him. The form disappeared. " For God's sake," he cried, " don't leave me here." But no reply came. And now he noticed that the place was full of smoke. All at once a bright red tongue of flame leapt through the bulk head, which separated the lazarette from the hold of the ship. In a moment the truth flashed upon him. The ship was on Jtre l He could hear a distant trampling of feet overhead. " Were they lowering the boat ? Were they going to leave him?" He tried to call out, but the smoke and vapour nearly choked him and a weight like a nightmare oppressed him, so that be could only utter a feeble, indistinct sound. Suddenly he heard a sharp report like that of a pistol. A scream followed, and a dark form fell down the hatohway. He again heard voices and a hurried stamping of feet [as of men struggling just above him. A mad frenzy now seized him; again he struggled at the cord; but it held him fast. The heat grew frightfully oppressive, for the flames ha seized tne bulk-bead, and were leaping towards him; their long, red, greedy, tongues curling and twisting around the .crackling timbers. His eyes were like -hurtling Coals in their sookets; he had to close them to keep ont the penebating smoke. His brain grew dizzy, He gave up all hope, and prayed for a speedy death. Was it iancy, or ' a dream? All at once he thought he hekrd hia name called by a familiar voice. He listened. "Fred! Fred !" Thank God ! "Is that you, Peter f For God's sake, save me!" he cried as loudly as the stifling smoke would permit him. In a' moment Peter was by his side. In another he had cut the lashings, -which bound him to the stanchion; then lifting him in bis strong arms, be bore him to the hatch, and . with the help of Pat Flannagan, lifted him up on to the cabin deck. They had hardly done so when thefirecaught the oakum beneath, and leaped up after them in a long jet of flame, as though angry at the loss ttits prey. "Up, far.your life,.Pat!" shouted Peter," Before the boats shove off!" He was about to seize Fred in his aims and parry him up the companion staire, when his eye caught sight of a tin of preserved milk, and a flask containing whisky on a shelf in the cabin.' j Hardly knowing what be did, be icaught them up and put them in the pockets of his monkey jacket. . ' What about this jEellow and the pper?" said Pat , "Are we to (leave n f •:? '• ' ' irherdead ?" said Peter. ' Dead us Julius Caesar," replied Pat, bending over the body of Fagin. " Then we can do nothing for him; shove that table away from the skipper's door, and give the ruffian a chance." Pat pulled aside the table, but an ominous crackling of the cabin floor and a fresh volume of smoke and flame from the hatchway warned them that they had no time to lose. Hp the companion they rushed, Peter with Fred in his arms, through a blinding cloud' of smoke, and reached the quarter boat juBt as the men, tired of waiting had begun to ease off the tackles. The gig had already been lowered, into which Mr. Lanyard and several of the men had got, and was now lying a short distance from the ship, waiting for the others. " Jump in, all hands!" shouted Peter ; " all except me and Pat Flannagan.'' He placed Fred carefully in the sterneheets. " Are you all ready, lads ?" " All ready," cried several voices. " Lower away then, handsomely, Pat. old man ; keep her off the side, boys. For your lives, don't let her stave in." The sea being calm, there was little risk in floating the boat safely. As soon as she touched the water, Peter and Pat jumped into the mizzen chains, and lowered themselves down by the tackles. They then hastily pulled off towards the other boat, and lay to on their oars about a cable's length from the ship, the forepart of which was now completely enveloped in a mass of lurid smoke and flame. All hands gazed for some minuteB in silence, at the vessel that had been their home for so long, and had oarried them in safety over the many leagues of ocean. " I've not seen anything of our passenger," said one of the men in the mate's boat. "Wot's become of the fellow." " Don't know," waB the reply " onless he's in one of the boats." Suddenly a form appeared on the poop, shouting and gesticulating wildly. It waB that of the captain. Somehow he had got out of the cabin. His features, which were clearly seen by the light of the burning ship, were frightfully contorted, and disfigured by passion or terror, or both. His horrid blasphemies and maniac laugh could be distinctly heard by the occupants of the boats. He looked like a demon surrounded by the blasting fires of the pit. As they gazed upon this frightful spectacle, the wind changed, and the flames were driven aft. In a few minutes they reached the wretched man, who now stood upon the taffrail. He shook his fist at them as they coiled, and twisted about him, like fiery serpents. He screamed and cursed, as they drew close to him. Then he tried to escape by crawling to the end of the spanker boom. It'was a fearful sight, such as made the blood of those who witnessed it turn cold, and the roots of their hair d stir. For a moment they forgot their own danger and terror. " For God's sake!" said Peter," let's put back and try and save him." " The boat's full already, and we dare not go near the ship," said one of the sailors. " Besides, the man is mad," added another. " Peter!" exclaimed Fred, " let's try to save him." " Messmates," oontinued Peter, "God only knows, how soon our turn may come; let us not appear before Him with the sin of murder on our souls." " Bight you are," responded several of the men. " Let's take the fellow in, if we can manage it." They pulled towards the ship's stern, and Peter, standing up in the stem sheets, called ont: "Jump, captain, into the sea, and we'll try to save you." He was answered by a demonical laugh. The flames had now driven the despairing wretch to the extreme raid of the boom. For a moment he stood upright upon it, and glared at the men in the boat. * A thousand horrors were revealed in that last look. Then with a wild scream he plunged into the sea, and the fieiy waveB closed hissing over him, like evil spirits, and the dark soul of Aspy went to its own place, to give its awful account of the deeds done in thefledi. The men pulled as dose as they dared, to the plaoe where Aspy had disappeared, but found no trace of die unfortunate man. jA|ter waiting for a few mino&s; to «ee if be came to the surface, they backed out again, to within a safe distance of the doomed ship. She waB now a magnificent sheet of flame, illuminating the sea for miles around, like the dawn of the judgment day upon the deep. Gradually the flames got lower. The vessel was evidently settling down. Still every now and then a fresh Vermillion jet, followed by showers of sparks, would shoot upward, into the clear, bright sky. Suddenly she gave a heavy lurch to the starboard, a last great Bhower of sparks, like an eruption from a volcano, burst upwards, followed by a volume of black stnoke, so dense that it immediately seemed to quench the flames and hide the ship. When it lifted, she had disappeared. The cloud of smoke still hung over the spot where she had gone down; but it gradually got thinner and thinner, and then vanished, and nothing was left to mark the last resting place of the ill-fated Southern Light. CHAPTER CAST AWAY. OUB boat has one sail, And the helmsman is pale. A bold pilot, I trow. Who would follow as now t XXXVI. And " Fetr'st than f" and " Feor'st thou F" And " See'st thou t" and " Hear'st thou P" And " Drive me not free O'er the terrible sea. I and thou t"—Shelley. The " Southern Light" did not burn radually to the water's edge, but the GameB were suddenly extinguished, as though her deckB had been burst open by an explosion. Probably the holes which had been bored in her side, had something to do with this. Not a vestige of the old ship now remained, except a few charred and smoking spars, and planks, which floated past the survivors. All was silence, gloom, and desolation, where, but a few minutes before, a mighty, roaring conflagration had illuminated sea, and sky. The night was not dark, though the moon had set, but so unexpectedly had the fierce blaze been quenched, that a great darkness, like a blaok dome, seemed to descend upon them in a moment; and for some time they could hardly distinguish the familiar forms about them. The suddenness of the catastrophe, too, stunned and bewildered them. A few hours ago they were all on board a fine ship, with every prospect of a safe and speedy voyage; rejoicing at the thought of soon reaching home. Now they were alone on the wide ocean, without chart or compass to guide them. How mighty-the dark waters appeared to Fred Seymour, as he glanced—with a shudder, over the gunwale of their little boat; though calm and still, never before did they look so vast, so menacing, and terrible; or the diminutive structure, oil which they depended for their salva- ? tion, BO frail, so insecure. It seemed a lonely atom floating over an infinite abyss. Instinctively he put his band over the side of the boat, and touohed the ocean. Its immensity was terrifying and oppressive. So overpowering and depressing was the feeling of helplessness which weighed upon them all, that for some time an awful silenoe reigned in both boats, which had drifted a short distance apart. It was broken by Lanyard, nailing from the gig :— "Ahoy! boat ahoyi""there!" His voice sounded strange and hollow, as it floated across the calm sea. "JAy, ay!" responded Peter. " Is Mr. Fagin aboard your boat f" "No, he's dead; he was killed by the skipper just bsfore the ship went down." "Then you had better take charge of the quarter boat, Peter." "All right," rejoined Peter, after a few moments' hesitation, " so long as the others are agreeable; what do you say, shipmates ?" he added, addressing the men in his boat." 4 < Yes, yes! Quite so!" two of them replied. " Let Peter be skipper, he'll make a better one than either Aspy or Fagin," said the other man. 80 it was agreed that Peter should take charge. •" Not that there's much to do, lads," he stud, " except , to sit and keep the watches, in case we should, miss a passing ship. " Have you any provisions aboard ?" continued Lanyard. •'Only a couple' of pieces -of raw beef," replied a man who went bythe name of Tupman. (These two pieces of beef had been taken out of a harness cask on the main deck, and thrown into the boat % Tnptnan, while Peterj and Pat Flaiinagan Jmd been rescuing Red. Ihere hid W no timetog^; at any other pKrnnraa.) "Got any water?" cried Lanyard again. 4 1 Sot a drop." " God help us: neither have we." " We'll divide the beef with you," said Peter. " Thank you," replied Lanyard. Tupman at first remonstrated, on the ground that he had put it in the boat; but Peter asserted his authority ae captain, and the other occupants of the boat supported him. The boats drew close to each other, and one of the pieces of beef was transferred to the gig. " Whereabout's are we, Mr. Lanyard?" inquired Peter, " have we any chance of making land ?" "Scarcely the ghost of one," replied the mate. " We are right in the middle of the Indian Ocean; but we have splendid chances of being picked up. We're in the track of Australian and East-Indian boats. Our latitude the other day was about 20 and longitude 85\. So don't despair lads, by this time to-morrow night we may be safe aboard a P. and 0. or Orient liner, telling our adventures to a crowd of passengers." All hands were cheered by the mate's words and the prospect he held out to them of a speedy rescue. After a short silence Lanyard again hailed them. " We are steering due west. Have you a compass ?" "No," responded Peter. " Then if we are not picked up before the morning, you had better steer in the same direction by the eun, so as to keep together." " Aye, aye, sir," replied Peter. Three men besides Fred occupied the quarter boat, viz, Peter, the man named Tupman and Pat Flannagan. The gig, wh:ch was a trifle larger, had five, including the steward. (70 be eontinued) 