"KIAMA SMALL DEBTS COURT. TU5ESDAY, JTUNE 27.. Beforo tho P.,M. and Mr. T. Brown, J.p .E A. Fulton v.' Thomas Laycook, Goods sold and delivered, £4 8s 4d. Do. fooduant admitted the debt. Verdict for plaintiff for th full amount claimed, with costa, Several cow as i whkih the Council pro cooded agniint rcsidonta ofBombo for ratos owing wore before the Court for bearing, but owing to the absence of the Clerk the Council's books could not be obtained, and the Court adjourned till 12 o'clock. On iesumiug the Ciancil ('lork aploq ised for the delay which had boon oaused by his absence, stating that he had boen called away on urgent business, and had over looked the fuot that the Council's cases came on for hearing that mornin . Kiama Ccuecd v. EI. Jones.-- I teo due, £1 do. Delondant admitted the debt, but said no bad never been served with a rate paper. Verdict for the Council with eo.se. Mr. IK. Iyan appeared for the Couoncl in each of the following cases. Same v. John Gallon. --Rtes duo, £3 5s 41. Datfed:at sald he hnd paid 1L 193 91 of the su o sued for to the ,lto O.P.Ut., and produced the receipt foro-ame. Verdict for the balaneo, with 9O costs. Kiaoa council v. William -Lawrouco., Rates in arrear, Is i., Mr, Sadlor appeared for drfendeant, and asked that this casn I tal:on as a test case for 7 othlera iu which he appeared for do fondants, and which 'were emnilar in cir cumurteaco3 and locality to that agailns L'aw_'onco, ant in which. the def?adnnt pleaded not indobted on the ground thrt the land was exempt from taxatin. The BeOch agreed to tno request mado. John IIolbrook, Council luerk, proulclrd r, copy of a iat:paper ;hich had bein served on dofendant on the ?dil of ,July, 1892, ehiowing that 4d (IJ gonoral rates and Il id lighting rato wan duo in 1891, and a similar amount in tho bo;iini~e of the yeo r 18]2. D).',lndant ro".ided at emboeb, ,hichl land i,, o 'oc I by the fleu. Capiaia (harlo?n Thn Ile.ita'r C'ominuCsi nera oi Now South Wales were rated for p, rtion of tho B .mbe op?orty, in li00e mo oZ heir manager, and no objoection lhad boon.mado by the Commislonouors against paying the respectivo amllouts. By E'Mr. Pnadbr i The nratos ad boon paid by the Couuniseianurs in 1891, -al; whilch timo no ammoiut'a rot.'s was debitd tot (eorgo inill, the i-atopapra. biung issued in the uamoa of the oopiore'reo'p asontativee, as iuthe case of other public bodies. Tho Commissiouers had not paid any amount as rates for property oooilptied by the de; fondant, aunit iwas .nn t a fiet that the property referred to was owned by themn . William Lawrence, the dfoendant, do posed that the.lauil'in reepeot of which he was rated belongoed to tohe Railway Unoma miesioners, and Od per weak was retained by them from his wagee as rent for it. The !ind was uneed by the C'ommissioners, and had beon loascd to them for a pariod of about 20. or 30. years. Tlis house was nt mile and a half from thn nearest lanm, puot. and he o drived no benefit from the lighting of the streets. By Mr."Ryan.: ITo was'quite certain that' the lanHl-*as-veasted in the Railway Coin-. minsiounrse:and'that be paid rent to.thoim for thoie osition which-he a?oonpied. li the witd :-t.estonlto'.mnant that, the Coonm ninianiol t~ hlodd lao.d on leeso. MIr. Sadler "dldressed the Rench at ln'th, pdi oli.ioot, that under esou-tiu 17. of tho Rail:ray At the Comrnmiioicra ~ ere empowered to acquire land for oariying on certain warks throughout the coLony, and this land was held to be exempt from txa-s tion, The elforoomont of the lighting iRat was a qiustiin of argument." Under sec tion 16I of the Muniuipalitie Act a person was not liable to paa rate levied for light ing purposes unless he derived a be?fifit from it, and although a subsequent Act had b?en pansed it did not. alto this clnus,. Lie d;rented lth tttentiun of the Boucli to a decisionu iven at a ina sitting of the Diotrict Court by Judge Muiray il refer :nce to p:opyity at Bombo being rated when a verdict was givoeni for the general rate, but the payment of the lighting rate was left li open question. -Mr. Ryan pointed out that the defendant had sworn that thoe property was vested in the lsailway Commissionors, yet it had been proved that the owner was Captain 3aarlos,andtheoccup:orLawrenoa; thore?o-o the Railway Commisaioners were simply intervening parties. It had been pointed out very clearly by His Honor Judge Murray that while soetion 17 of the Rail ?~ay Act gavo the Commissioners power to construct trailway lines, &e.;, it bad nothing to do with.blue metal quarries,. But the crucial point, of the case was that while Judgo.Mutray decided that the property should be eeempt from taxation, other equally competent District Court Judges hold that it was liable. In that sacne building his Honor Judge h'lFarlaud, in the aces of the Kiama council v. Jones, decided that although the defoodant resided 3 miles away frota.the noearet lamp he was liable for the payment of the lighting rate, and persons residing at Jamboree. but oeaming into the town of Kiama, could also boheld liable for the lighting rate. His Honor Judge Forbes, in the Supreme Court, hold that although property might- .be situated so far dietant from a lamp that not a ray of light fell upon it, still tho occupier would be liable to pay a lighting rate, considering that by tholainps beiug placed in tbo town he was receiving a share of the benefit, and his property was being bonofited by thu erection of those oomtmoditins, in the samn way is the town of Kiama was bonefited by wharfuge aceomnmodation and a railway line. He was sure the Bench would have no hesitation in arriving at a decision in regard to the payment of a lightiog rate, but whether for or against the Council in referenco to the lighting rate one decision, at leade, of the District Court 'Judges would have to be overruled. The Bonoh gave a verdict for the amount sued for as genera~rates, but non-suited the case in the matter of a lighting rate being charged. -The Chairman of- the Bench remarked that it sBomed to him a most extraordinary thing that peoplo should come there after matters were practically settled in the hope of gett'ag magiotrates to reverse the decision of some eminent judge. The decision in the foregoing cases being taken as a test for the remaining 7, ver dicts were given for the following amoueOt as general rates only :-P. Mulligan, 11s 3d; T'.hos, Stokes, It's; A. Widget, 10s 2d; Tho;oas StFyls. 7u; $. Uawia, 6s 7d; F. jackson, 131 lid ; W. Ulamond, 3s Gd. In cosequenco of the inconvenience to which the dleendants in the foregoing cases wore siubject owing to the delay in opening their- cases the amount of costs in each oase, 7e,:was reduced to ,s. l(iama Council v. James King,-- tates due, 4s Gd. In this ca.,o the name of Mrs King appeared in the Council's books as the occupior of the property for which the amount woo.claimed. Mr. Sadlor objected to 'the case beingi proceeded wih on the ground that 90 dayag notice had not been given the dolendant as required by .the A t. The caeo eas dismissed, Samn v. Thomas elulligan,-Rates due, Os 7d. Mr. Shdler, who appeared for defendant, objected to the caeo being heard, in conse quence of the automons which had booen iasucd against the defoedant containing no partioulars whatever of the claim made against hits, .The land for which he was rated was vesetd in the l~ailt'ay Commis sioners, and'ho was charged no rent for his place, which wat eituated within the bouduty of the rallwa?y lino at Middle Cree:k, Defoudant we hliable to be removed at any mtlorout, and under thec3 colltur - staniece he wae not liable to pay rates. Thu Mlayor, on.bahaolf of the Oduucil; withdrew tho caeo;_ Kiama Coticii v. Reov, , M IM'Donnoll. In tbis casoe the Council had asseseod and rated the t, 0. Church building in coueo quene of its being used for echool pur poses. Defendant tated that the building was erected and uned for Church purposoa, and according toihis interpretation of the ,act it shliould not be rated, lie hold that if the building was rated as a school then it mtust be rated as aChutch, which wao illegal, air, lyan pointed out that the' Act could only.exempt the building from rates if nued for church purposes and nothing morn, Tho Bench wore of opinion that accord ing to the argument put forth by the defeudant it would be admitting of build iugs being created for school purposes and at the same tiain calling them churohes, Verdict for the Council, with GO costs. A, Rlobb v. J, M'Cultum,-1-£2 1s 2d. Dofendant did not appear. Mr. Laegglttt, plaintitf's agent, otated that. he had received £5 from the detl ndant, and he naked for a verdiot for the b;a:nco. Voutiot for plaintiff for £7 1s 2d. The Bunch oomtment.d strongly on the time occupied by the Council in conducting tieir cnsue, owing to the want of proper data, without resort to their booke, and comapln anteld tdr. dodler, attorney for thit dollniate, on the able mltutner in whi'ch heo hadll epicvantetd h olionts, under the ouiueaStaones qtnqtionad, I" tI AN ITAL FIiTING t 1? 'Tl 1E ....: AND .; 0- CO, OPErI?TI.VI OOMPANY.:'::. Tho twelfth annual m otin og the Shire holdous of the South (coast and W-st C? iu elnu Coo.porative Compaeny was hel 1 in th 'leirisioant? (ill vydstrdagy. altoruoo:m, when thueatteudance numbered about 100. Tihe. Uhairnan of the Company (D. L. Dy?nook, "Eq ), presided, tond after reading the advertisement convening thbo meeting submtitted the following report : - '.' The Di?6otors horowith submit to the sl;breholders the twolfth annual , port and balanuct-shret, togetlier with a ste'ou-an. of rofit and loss account " By the profit and lose sttemeont it will be soeon that the result is .a oredit of 9751 18s .Hd ; the tmotant at the credit of ransre account, as showuton last year's balance sheet is £L'03 -total, £t751 18s i0l -which thie Directors propose to utilise as follows: -To make: provision for had anid donotful. -dtbts, £1503; deprecial.oi of workino plant, £290;. balneo carrieod for ward, .3:'l 18. O.d-tolll, £1751 18s9.1. "lThe past yesarbas boon one. of unpro cidoultod doproaiion in ubmmorce through ot, the cololibs,- this, t-,gother with the disastrous floods in tgo norm0erl diýtriut, followcd'iy the soverial- bak suopoiyItons, has proved detrimental to all concerned, and has not only limited the pnrchaintg power of -tho comlunatity, but has con. sidorably iuoreasod-the trado riska. " l'he Directors have inuch itleasure in stating .tat.tho woerkin; plant and re frigor.tting machinely is in splendid work lug order, the extensive promises and geoneral fuoilities provited by the Company are fully capable of satisfactorily handling, fdr alo and oexport, the groat bulk of the dairy produce of the colony. "The greatadvante ?node by the dairying industry is ovidenced by the increased production during the pest three years, come niucty co operrti'o butter and choose factorios are now in active work in the colony. t h. oetablishneni; of the ec portation of surp'us to London by this institution o accotunt of the farmers has oustained payable loal prices, and during the past two soeaoa the direct gain to the Comrpany's cou.ignores alone has been fully £it,0,11, which otherwise woull have gone to speculators. " This advance of the industry has beon materially assisted by the co-operative spirit displayed by the farmers themsclves, but ciuch yet retaine to be achieved in this direction during the comin seoason, The Directors auro now formulbtlog a cohome to this end embracing the various contros of production. T'he London sales of surplus butter on account of the farmers, 1891-2, on a good market, resulting in a profit to them of ii 1.831 s 8d, on an advanco of 7d per lb. Those results induced the Directors to increase the advances on the ahipiuents of oasoon 1893.3 up to 9d per lb. The coosing account seles are rather late in coming to hand, but a full profit and lose ttstemunt (as with last season) will be oent to all interested. "A noted feature in the Company's busi ness during the past year has boon the incroasod approoiable euopport from the Northein Rlivere d;etriete, and the business generally with: Dairy Lroduce, Grain, Forage, Live Stock and Timber has been well custained', "Thoe Ditotors, aslcontemplated in last report, has made'a call npou .their sharo holders, which will doubtless by agreeably responded to. The last call was made in 1882. " It now devolves upon the Shareholders to elect at thisineeting, two Directors, in the place of Mlessrs. William Kei?tledy, and van R., Evans, who retire in accordance with the Articles of Association, but are eligible for re-election." The balance?sheet was also submittedto the meeting. TILE CIIHfAnRAoc', BPEECI. Gentlemen and Shareholders of the 86uth Coast and West Camdon Co.operative COom pany,-Our annual mcboting has. again returned in Juno, ' 1893, although the financial year ends on 30th April, being the twelfth since thei Company's bogiening in tune, 1881, and I would begin my address to-day under the heading of GENERAL RIn necAIKS. That twelve scars is a cooidlorable period in the history of either nations, individuals, or industrioes, itis of importance to notioe, snore particularly in a now colony lihk ours with its rapid and changing d'ivelopment. Its genmeal Iprogrea urged on by the emtulation of othors, and in our case has been compulsory to maintain and uphold the level of our own industry and its coim mercial status-by having the nccosary facilities for its expansion and avenues for its disposal-and as it is still making vast strides in production, it is more then over neoessary it should receive the most unbiaoned attontion and careful thought of all concorned- impartially viewed in the light of the past twelvo years-in all its numerous phascs. This brings me to the en REVIEW OF THIE PAST YcEAii's REiI'PORT A);D BALeaNE-IeCecT." When I had the honour of addressing you in .une, 1802, I said: "Your Dirootors have studiously looked forward .forr years anticipating the extonsiou of trdeo and the neceooity of plant and appliantcce for the same, &o.;, &o; "Alluding tothedesirabihty of producora to not only support their own company as eonsignors, but invest a portion of their saving in theio dovlopment.to their own property," the' balance-sihet before you will fully demonstsra,. Hcad this boon done, they wouldi havo rocoided sit least 7 per cent, for their. investmenut, inutcad of the interest being paid to the bank by way of overdriit, . hence the neces sity of caliag up the capitol and estab lishing us well on a firmer basis your own property and busiueso, under your own ripreduntativo control, with ainreasod prospority. It is an important fact, however, to notice that this Company, notwithel tding the mpuny tidvereo oircum stances attending the past .year mentioned in the repoat, has exceeddd in amount any previous yeari' bu.ineos in slo po. The wo.dI "doroession," so often in men's months, does .not adequately reprcsont it full; . mucaning ii commerce to the mte producer, tior has it beau momentarily thiuist upon us; but it has had a gradual growth columeroc:lly for sover.lr yours, bhginning more acourately, as far as sales arc concorned, first, with the labou, strikes, thou tieo lad and fl'uocial buhan failuroe, culhninating i the recent esuopnsion in April lust(and con tinuing since) of tomo of'the strongest and most ,nport ant banks in this and ad!jacoi, colonies. This has boon unparalluled in our colonial history, and most damagliug to tradeo. I allude to this smore particularly, that how. over inconveniant it has boon to the pro tducer in his immediate locality, how inualculably mor so hoes it boon to the purchloser of your plodueo, who depends for his return on those he has sppilicd, who in many cases are destitute, The whole firie of commerce in all its r'elttiona has t oon chaou, aind it is wond. rful that with all tha production pricoes hav boon miainlinod at wihat tbh y are. The calamitoas floods in r the nouothe?g ?rion of thin colony hayo added to tho intoneity of deprosslon,' and ?iany are deprived of their burl living, nnd ,omnparod with those, our own South Coast in, highland position shoulld be gratofully acknowledged and it tronug lesson taubht of the InOCOsity of mutual hblp.. This ushors in the all important question for tho .oming summer - THt E XPORT TRIDE, ITS PAB5T ALD FUTURE, Tho report of 91-92 gave the export trado for tbo season by this Company at 130 tuons, realisiug a nett profit to the producer of £1802, which he duly received. Time result, obtuined was considored satis fa!omy. The summer of 1802 - 1893 has boeIn one of great production overy whore, anod stated by 'Mr. Cogln, the oonlint Govornmeunt otatisticiau, to havo largely oxooedod the previous year's pro. duotion, the surplus for exportation boing nosr ly two million pounds of butter, and this notwithstanding the consumption of au inurea-iug population. Sydnoy has ex ported 950 tons through vorious clannelo, titm company alone exporting 350 tons. The provionu year's results in England led numcrous agouts from firms thL'O to pur 0c0ase our produce (which would have boon only for the spring). This, with other cir uontstanoes, combined with our dosiro that t?ho farmer should obtain tho highest price pioourablo, caused an advanoo in exporting prices onom 7d in 91-92 to 9d in Uctober, 1852, and sustaining, the local market. In the first year at 8d per lb, and during the last Beason at 9d, as per our ciroular issued in October last, this has actually ?o turned to ourownohippetsduringthatpuoiod at least £60,000 by the ditforenco in price obtained in the !ocal mnarket atloast 2d urlb more, which is within the mark, and to the whole industry on immense sum. This was effoeted by the loyal con eiguora to this Company and others who intelligently grasped the principle noccsary far their own prospeprty and pa- laug the pro ruts levied for this object, but it is to be regretted that many beuolited by this action and secured to thomselves the increased gain at the ox pense of others. It is a curious iact, however, for those who have paid the pso rata to notice that from all the published data available, in many cases they paid more to their sup pliers per gallon for their milk at the fac. torice than the factories who did not con tribute, The English market during thepast summer has not boon up to anticipations, and loit a general loss, which has been cammon to all exporters. Yet the great fiact is still maintained by those who are competent authorities in London upon the subject that their market "is always a prol.ablo ono for our surplus, and if properly manufac tlured they will look to the eolonise for their winter supply as being superior to the countinental potted butter now in vogue. The tioher of this Company haa always been to foster this important matter, and it the energy and intollidoaee exhibited in the introduction of new aohcema s were centrud in this the fiarmuls' company under any new regulations doomed desir able, in accordance with the text heroby attached, which will be open for adoption or further considoration at an extraordinary moeting duly convened for the purpose, good results should fellowe from its broad and oxtended charactor, em br?cing all the phases of pure co operation, and local reprcoentation with allocation of Directors to their rec. spectivo dietricts. This with a general and opuitublo esharing of plrofits by coneignors together with its thoroughly represoutative character the Company will be enabled to grapple with the present requirements of the trade, This is no new matter brought forward by your Directors, it has long boon before thelm, and in their opinion the opportune time having now arrived they obtained reo contly a conference with the protoinont mon in the Dairy Association and others, equally interested, nnd with their com bined views and experience the following proposals are laid before you:- Pust exporionce has proved that the maintenance of such a representative in stitution as the South Uoast and West Camden Co-operative Company is of vital importance to the dairy and farming inu dustries, and for the lpurposo of exstndiug its operalions, increasing its usefulness, and securing faller co- operation the Directors submit the following proposals; 1\. That producers throughout Noew South Wales be invited to take up the Cont pony's unsubscribed shares by pay ment of two shillings and sixpence on application and a like sum on allot ment. 2\. That power be given to the Board to gradually iereesJ the number of Directors to eleven I(1), embodying the principle of local or disariot represauta tion; also to dofiuo districts and re. adjust boundaries of the same as cir cutstances may require; and each such district shall be entitled to elect a Direootor, provided such district shall have taken up a minimum of 2000 shares, including old shares. 3\. That Dhirctors haveo power to pay off non producing. shareholders by mustel moente or otherwise, altd out of profits to pay bonuses to consignore in peo plortion to thIob trade with the C'om pany. 4, That the great question of exportaeion of surplus dairy produce unlder the pro posed ropresentation and increased capital will be dealt with, inelud. ing (if deemed requisito) the estab li(shnc t of opaoial repeeentatiots in London. This ourtainly would give i dueo course the conttroling power of fixing values upan the whole of the dairy iudurtry, It should be omphasi?ed that this con be immaodiate in its action. The prsbuet orgauidetion is complete in matcual, the further. exten sion arranged at the will of the people, the local ropleoentation leaviog it incumbont upon the represenutative of each distriot to periodically moot with the ahippeis rand dliscuss what is necessary for their bonhit. That capital can be obtained s?equire b lsly he wdll of the people to carry out, the lormatio of fatorns with their ro??vo capitals of £.20U0 each has .boon oan ly obtained and gradualy liquidated ounlhe instalmont priuolpie. T'hae the marvillue atoiuu t of at least £200,000 has bloa colo' mpuled to have been expended by produceui so creoting factories and maechinoery during tho past six years (and still geiug on) makes it the mare cussential that the control of markets should bo carried on by them also The pariod oh ths bu trado prior to 111tl has not boon forgotteon, when its production did not amoant to more ttan throe: hundred theousnd pounds per annum in returns for the wholo colony. Compare that with its position now. Scientifio manipulation through maithin'.ry es tablished creanmerice, refrigoration.in manu facturing and transit has celosed the limo when in a porlimn of Decembeor and the mouths of January, February, and March in each car thousands of casks of buttesr wacis diepesed of at rome l1Wd to 2t1 ser lb for groeuo, being a ftiot loss to the pio dufar, Toro re nonw eherohslders in thia Company holdings small numbsrof origiuul Dhhss who y4 t hild twntyh ti'msl 44 manh in their.roepectivo factories whose nttention will now 'dlubtless be drawn to this higher ibject and will assi:t in the return of nbro romnunerativo prices by the ful lost oxpaneiou of the export business throuzgh the charnel announced. I notli: in the Beys. Standard of the 20th instant a panagrn ph relative to the Boga Company's Directors' meeting hold on Sturday 17th, at Sydulnoy, whore the' nvitation to the conference hold on 21st by the Berry delegalte was partially doclined, awiltitng further ovents. It said-" It will be soon that the objeot desired to be obtaini d is one of the fit?- importance to the dairymen of the districte, and therefore it behoves them to cotba forward and deal witl the question without dolay, na thIe shipping season will soon be round again, and unless some satisfactory artaniceumnt be mano, it is the evident intention of agents and others to allow a glutted market without doing anything to ,svrt it. and awnit tlhe result. Of coureq. if the oi,lt r wrn left in their h.nds '",. tire! v tIhey ,:,l, nItd would very" hoartily unslirlal.e n !e ,l wit it; but hat h would be plavi; :.,a ,hil' haI..,l anrt give them the oppor tunity to ,: ;p r.asu portion of their losses on last uo s0otn' specula:lons." Tho proposal ombnlnied with onr pasta actions in ixportatinu should d.fniltely anscer this chargo. As !ar as we are con corned, our Irorliucers havcug roctivod the p ofits and altlhough this year they are the nominal hsuers itis hoped in the future Ihey will hbe recouped for ai loin sustained by their cntinued action in the coming season. The wok of p st years done by this Comp toy with the exportation of sur* plus produce is now fully recogniaod;. and the huge conferonco of farmt-re held in Sydney last week iso an evidence of the deair on the p'rt of the pro fucors to continue this necessary work. As in the past, the Directors are prop red this coining sesanoto protect the interost of all their cousag.ors by sustaining prio?s at h;ghost rate:s conistn;t with the prospects of the London market. The adoption of the roport and balance. shoot was thuen moved by the Chairman, a pro rata charge, from which they had seconded by Mr. Jas. 8towait, and dise cuseaon invited. Mr. T. TArmstrong (Albion Park) said many shareholders might desire an ex pla?,tion as to why a proflit and lose atatoment on shipmnosts. to the home markeot hid not been attaohod to the balance shoet. The Chairmn, in reply, sta?teo that the full partioala.rs hal not comns to hand till after the balance shoot had been issued, but it would be laid before the shareholders as s',on as possible. Mer Campboll(Young) asked that some information on the matthr should be made known to the meeting, to which the Cha;rmau sail that a lose had resulted from the home shipmcents Mr. isleaynes (Gerringong) asked the oxtoutof the lone. The Chairnman, in reply, said the loss' oonntcted with the home shipments was approxiamately over £2,001. However, this would not mfftot, the shareholders, but had been borne by the producers by way of benefited to the exteut of 2.1 per pound by the sustaiuing of the local market. Blutter this year was sold locally at Oi l per pound, whereas last year the local price was only 7d. and tlis alone had bion a gain to the farmeors of somothing like £50,000, which would have been lost had it not been for oxportation, Mr. Mitchell (commis.ion agent) said it roedounded to the credit of the Company and Directo;e of the Company that the lose hal not booeen greater. He had also sus taiuid a loss, and knew that had it not been for exportation the dairymen would, only have obtained about Od for butter on the local market. It was unfor tunate that a loss had resulted from -the home shipments, but the farmers had reason to honor the Directors of the Ooin. pony for having saved at least £60,000 of their money by their action in this matter. It was ce rtainly ouu of the strongesa argn mcnta that could be adduced in favour of a pro rata schoteme for the coming season, and if the farmers did not contribute to that scherome he was sure they would have i sorry tale to relate nextsaason. He con sidered an honest, truthful, and faithful utatemont of the Company's affairs had been placed before the meeting, and what the farmers considered a lose by exporta tion had actually been a gain of £600,000, iiMr. iourke (GOorringong) said the gr. a ost gain had been reap d by the agents in past years, and that was evidenced by the fact that no good had over resulted to the dairymen tilt the Company started, Theroiore, they should work in harmony to pay off the liabilities in which the Company had been involved, -realising that the Company's manager and Directors all acted for the welfare of the dairymen. Ifan effort was made to do this he would willingly contribute £100. The Chairman (in reply to Mr. Campbell) said the actual loss by exportation amounted to t£, 100, Mr., Campbell asked if it was a fact that surplus butter was sold to the Frosh Food and Ice Company when it was bringhig high prices on the English market, and did the Company export when the prices on 'the home market had fallen P Mr, Porter (Manager of the Company) said they had on one occasion disposed of a iunge quantity to the F, F. & Iceo Co, but if he had known then what he learned subsequently they might have had more, for they had lout something like £600 by the tratsnotion, and if that and other quanitties on hand had not been disposed of the daiyuomei would have had received about £11,000 lees than they would have done if the Company had not sold any, There was then but little surplus butter on the local market, and ail that could be disposed of at 10d per lb. was sold in Sydney, while the remainder was expaoted. Mr. 11. W. Leo (Newcastle) said he noeded no epology for speaking, as at one time he was a resident of the South Coast, andti one who had a special intoreost in its welfare, There was a tao uring in Mr turko's sentiments which should bo entortained by every dairyman, Hi regretted tha Company had not been aIlo to put bolro its shareholders 'i mose satiliuotory belon: shooth , but he onosidosed the CoU.pany had come, through its edfllcultli< very creditably. lie was glad. to soo that tho Chairman had advocated the extension of the Company's borders, thereby removing localism, making it mote general, and including the wnolo denying industry of Iho colony. Lie had advocated that deseiable change years ago, and if it had boon done they would have no rival companies to coutond with at the proocut tume. Any pur on who refusedto contribute to the pro rsate charge which it was intended to levy for expent purposes p as e unworthy the name of is man. IHe urged all to give their fullect support towards furthering the intereots of the Coimpauy itn uturte, su shthmatinead of a lucs thuir bltlatcta-Ehtets Wotuld sioiw a sub.t?nti'tl prollfl md th-ir building ba free irons debt, If their uroo'tors or fkloaeusuj tdld Se sotu giut Wu nls 4tbtos 1g their satisfaction ltI them 'be changd. 1le did not wish to.osy anything antago nistic to the Comiepany, bet he wished to impress upon all that their ends wore identical in forwvarding tle 'dairying industsy of ,. New , Soruth Wal..s. Mis Company lind sustained a los .-if £6t10 on the shipmeut of 90 ton .oft bt;ter last season, but he lid not intend te .lsee money on furlheor shipments ntalse the farmers contributed their slt,, t,-a pro' rata fund. II they ?greed I ,;.,iie was?? willing to pay them i dl per ?eid- fir their produce, which was ui 'h letter than tir. esp , oulatores etp ii a: il buy their -utsce to make a prof;f 'r. Aiken (It! rring C'. . Company) considered a pro r'i o.::...: thlie bit?bione of the dairying; . iC.t :v. as.: if the farnnera studied their eorn r ?.t ansul tbheinte:rst of their ,filt,:cs :ia y waild. give their agents inElt or'isia to dedl.t' that charge' from their :tacn:,it lie :onisidered the loss su rained by ti e ,. . & W.. Company S mere bahgateile. le -i anticipated thbi, fihe amount :would ~have reached, £6 t000 r £7,000. ilia Company had nl?n loet .: :i t:r own shipoonts, and hi, adv:si d that full support be given to a: pro rata charge, and great caie exorcised against a divisionof their shipmouents. It sonmed. to him that the '. . O & W.O. Co. was rather extravagantly managei, .and he recommended .?idiemus ecouomy .commensurate with the extent of the establishment and - business transacted there. He took it for grauted that the Company intended exporting surplus on the pro rata principle, but he doubted of success unless a competent person y,?s appointed to proteot the produce on the home market. The Chairman said the staff employed by the Company had boon reduced, and they had retained only these workmen whom it was absolutely necessary to have to carry on the husiness. Mfr. Armstrong was glad to seo that when their profits were roducedathe company were determined to curtail expenses. IIo was aware that loacae had been sustaicoe by nearly all exportors, and oneo gcntl!enan ia bucineas'in the city said he thanked God that he would not have to show hisi balanco, sheet IId it not been the company that itrodced thebo export question, the dairy mon would no doubt havoe heard nothiag of the profits while they would have to bear the losses, thorefore they should not let the industry sink into the same state asit was beforo the company started Ie regarded Overy 3d spiut oil expoitation as bringing back a bright shilling, but he coan sidered come person was requirod to watch the dairymen a produce onthehome market, Speculators would not take the risk of exportation unless they - were cure that a profnt could be made" out of it, but the farmers themselves cooul do it, and . the pricipal profit which would result would be the sustaining of local prices. te conaidered exportation the salvation of the dairying industry, and tnrged the farmers to work harmuiousely to further that movement. lie regretted that the cimpany vwa not in a better condition, but be trusted their actions in the future would prove a source of profit to the pIiducers and shareholders, and restore that plohspeity of rome few yeaie ago when they were paid dividends of 20 per cent, Mr. Boyd (Berry) complained of e. few contributing to the export fund, while others who did not do co participated in the benefits. Hle was in favour ofexportalion, but thought the sharcs of non producers should be bought up by produccre to ensure thorough co-operation. TheChairman in reply to Mr. Catmpb]]l, explained that the amount shown in the ?' suce-sheetaas chargeswas for inseurance yess, and other expenses connected with the general we kling of the business, Mr. Campbell considered it a hardship that "non-producing' shareholders should receive no dividend in return for their money, and thought consideration was only given to the producers. He considered retrenchment in the salaries of the em oyees of the company was necessary, and thought the company was not managed as i should be Mr. H. Keen (Klama) bhad no fault to find with the manageumont of the Company, but thought non-producers' ehares should be bought up by the produce a, The Chairman stated that a reduction of £1100 had been made ini the salaries of employees and Dirootor,. Mr. John Stewart (Berry) referred to the past actions of the company, and considered, with the support of the farmers, the good that had resulted from the introduction of the company would con tinue and inoresfe, The shareholders should rally round and take up all the available shares, thus reducing the liability of the company to tho bank, and if. they refused to do this he believed the company must go into liquidation. With the full complement of shares taken up, the business extended, and larger representation oa the Directorate the company would go on in a prosperous condition, but co-operation of offorts on the .patt of the shareholders was necessary to prevent the company going to the wall, In reference to the complaints made by non:produoing shareholders, the Chairman pointe' out that in the scheme which was about to be introduced the Directora had power to pay off non-producing shareholders by instalments or otherwise, and an equitable and just rate of ilattrest would be included iu the tranesation. The aoport road balanRiesheat were adopted, only two voting against the Mr.... Campbholl raised some charges sainst the management of the coanpany, ail moved a motion to the effoot that the shareholders disapproved of the toanage msont and. adrised that a changeo be made, "This was seconded by Mr, P. Quinn, After discussion Mr. Campbell agreed to ..ithdraw his motion, and at the suggestion of the' Chairmuan oentsented toverntilate his grievancetothe Bio d of Dire tore. A vote of thanks was accorded the Direotors for their servicee duing the past year, on motion by ?Mosrs I. W, Loo and M. N, HIldinarch, Mtsaa, W. Kotenedy rind E. .1. Evars acknowledging the compliment in suitable termu. It was enuounccd that theor were throee nominuations for the two aceont csla onc the.Dlirecotorato, vie., Mecs?oe. W. Konardy, £.R. 1vose, anii T. Armetroug, and a ballot 1i*.i be taken, ainordiug to the Articles of ;Association of the compouy, on the 17th SJul next. Tho meeting, which wa most en thusia stio and ordoerly, tes minuterd aboat p.m, 