I >A SECRET UNRAVELLED. The wholesale produce and commis sion "Store of Mr Parvis, on Delaware avenue, near Yine-street, was robbed on the night of October 17, 1865. The safe had been opened apparently by false keys, and upward of nine thou sand dollars in greenbacks were ab stracted. A package of bonds to the amount of 3,000 dollars more remained . untouched. Two clerks, both young men, usually ; slept in the store. August Yerfees had been in the employ of Mr Harrison ..Purvis for about four years, and enjoyed the confidence of his employer. Pem -ibroke Sharon, the other clerk, had only recently been taken, but the manner in which ho took hold of the business im pressed Mr Pnrvis so much in his favor that he predicted a successful future for the young man, as a very able salesman and ultimate prominent merchant. \- Under this impression he placed implicit trust in Sharon, and selected him a i a companion for Yerkes in the store at night. Both of these young men were in the l: store the night that the robbery oc curred ; but, when the place was opened in the morning, Sharon was missing, ; arid Yerke3 lay on the floor near the safe with a serious gash on the side of his head, which had been bleeding pro fusely, judging by the amount of blood on the floor. The unfortunate young man had evi . dently endeavored to stanch the blood, \- for his hands were stained as well as his . clothes. By the disorder in the office and the numerous blood stains, both on the floor and walls, it was evident that a -■desperate straggle mast have taken place. \- It was conjectured from this that \- Sharon, having provided himself with false keys, had opened the safe, and . .been surprised by his fellow-clerk in the ■midst of his work, who iu turn dealt him the blow near the temple, and then, after a severe struggle between them, Yerkes fainted from loss of blood ana the robber fled with his booty. Vamoe, a detective, and a physician were at once sent for, and, while Or. Edson was attending to his patient, tbe detective examined the premises with his usual carefulness, particularly the second ; floor, and returning to the lower floor . found that Yerkes had recovered, and ■ sat in an arm-chair with a bandage around his head. “ Well, Mr Yarnoe, what have yon discovered 7” said Mr Parvis. “ I find that the robber has been to the second floor,” replied the deteetire ; “ possibly he has taken some valuables from there as well.” The merchant hastened npstairs. but • presently returned, saying .that nothing \- had been disturbed and removed as far as he could see.” “ Whatever his object may have been, I am positive he visited the second floor after the bloody struggle had taken place.” Then Yerkes gave the following . .account:— He woke suddenly and found that \- Sharon had left the bed. and, fearing that some mishap had overtaken him, he lit a paraffine candle by the Bmall gas jet in the room and began to search for him. Not finding him on the second floor he retnrned to tbe first floor, and dis covered him before the open safe. They saw each other at the same moment, and Sharon was spellbound at beint- dis \- covered in his criminal act. Then began the straggle the.evidence of which was so plainly apparent. Sharon, being the stronger of the two, soon overpowered his opponent, and threw him so violently . on the floor that he became insensible. Yarnoe listened with rapt attention . to the end, then made a few notes in his ...book, after which he went ont of the store with his eyes bent on the floor ■ before him, nntil he reached the street; then, after casting his eyes searchingly around on the ground, he walked over to the dock and gazed into the water in a thoughtful manner. When he retnrned to the store and rejoined the others in the office, it was with a grave conntenance. “ Mr Purvis, the robber has evidently escaped by way of the river, as the blood tracks reach to the dock.” All eyes were now directed towards the wounded man, who had suddenly ■ grown pale. He opened his month as if to sav something, bnt fell back with a groan and fainted away. While the doctor was applying re storatives to his charge, the detective drew Mr Parvis away to the rear of the store, and remained, there half an lionr in conversation with him, and, judging by his frequent exclamations, he most have been astonished by wbat the detec tive told him. Re-entering the office, they fonnd Yerkes still unconscious, and, at the suggestion of Yarnoe, he was taken to the hospital. “ Now, Mr Purvis,” said Yarnoe. “ will you point out to me the clothes usually worn by Mr Sharon while on doty at the store f” “ Certainly, sir,” replied the gentle man ; “ that is easily done,” and he went to the closet where the clerks kept their onter garments. He examined the clothiDg with gasps of surprise. “ What is it ?” said Vamoe, when Mr Parvis laid the garments on the bed. “ As I live, Sharon has not only left his coat and vest behind, but his pants as well,” said Mr Purvis, in bewilder ment. “ That is singular,” said the detective, exchanging glances with' the physician “It is rather puzzliDg, in fact, when you bear in mind that Mr Yerkes, when found, was fully dressed, while the thief left his pants behind,” pointing t> a pair beneath the bed. “Yon will please fee whether Vr Sharon left anything valuable in his pockets.” Every pocket was examined. There was fonnd a valuable watch and chain,: a trifle over 500 dollars in a wallet, a pen knife, pencil memorandum, &c.;, &e.; “ Retain the articles, Mr Pnrvis. and hang the garments up,” said the detec tive. *• I have another surprise here.” Yarnoe removed the bedclothes, lead ing the mattreBS bare. A number jof bloody finger marks stained it along a seam ten inches in lengih. \- “I see what yon are driving aj.*' cried Purvis, as he scanned the seam. “ Yon mean that the thief has hidden bis plunder in the mattress.” “ I think so, at all events,” was thm ~reply,’'as he ripped the seam with fifll knife. Inserting Mb hand be drew forth the package of greenbacks. They were in tact, Mr Parvis said,.after examining the seals. “1 don’t know what to think,” paid the gentleman, hopelessly. “ I declare my head aches trying to divine uio motive for this most extraordinary crime.” ‘ Think as I do.” “ What is that 7” ! i“ Why, that Sharon, instead of being the thief, is the thief’s victim, which accounts for his leaving his outer gar ments behind. He evidently surprised' the rascal, and in a tussle with him he murdered Sharon, dragged him across the street and threw him in the river.” “ Then yon really expect Yerkes is, the thief ?” asked the merchant, greatly agitated. I am sure he is not only the thief, bat a probable murderer also.” Oh, the wretch !” cried the mer chant passionately, “and in my heart I admired his bravery, while I pitied him for what he had endured in endeavoring to protect my property. I am perfectly convinced that you have hit the right man,” continued Mr Purvis. “If he knew of this he might give'ns the slip. The next thing to be done is to use every meanB in onr power to recover the body of poor Sharon.” “ Poor, indeed, since all the clothes he has on his bask are not his own,” spoke a voice from behind them. All looked at the speaker, who wore an old seaman’s suit, and looked as though he had just recovered from a severe fit of seasickness. • Something in the tone of his voice struck a chord in the breast of the mer chant. He approached the man, and asked eagerly— “ Who are yon ?” “ My name is Pembioke Sharon.” In a moment he was surrounded by the trio, who congratulated him on his escape from death. He requested per mission to assume his proper dress, after which he would tell exactly what had occurred during the past night. His story was very similar to the one told by Yerkes, with this difference— the positions were changed. It was Sharon who had surprised the other in front of the open safe in the act of stowing in his pocket the greenbacks alluded to. It was Sharon who de nonneed the act, and Yerkes, both angry and frightened to be thus de tected, picked up a paper weight and hurled it at his fellow-clerk, striking Sharon on the head, inflicting a ghastly wound, from which he fainted, and knew no more nntil he awoke on board a vessel near the navy. yard. He was told that they picked him np in the river. The captain and his two men had been to the theatre, and were returning in a boat to the vessel, when a white object floating on the water attracted their attention, and they made for it and drew the apparently dead man into the boat and took him aboard the vessel, where his wants were at once attended to. When Yerkes’ version was related to him he laughed derisively, aud was on the point of making a remark, when familiar footsteps were heard ascending the stair. ‘•By Heaven, I believe it is August Yerkes!” whispered Sharon, as he hastily entered the closet and shut the door. He was none too soon, for the next moment Yerkes walked briskly up to where the three men stood. Something in their faces told him that something was amiss—something to his disadvan tage, too. . “ Yon are probably surprised to see me here again,” remarked he for want of something else to say. “We are, indeed,” replied Mr Parvis, regarding him with ah ominous look. “ Yon all appear to be anything but pleased to see me,” next remarked the robber and wonld-be assassin. “ On the contrary, we are very glad I to see yon,” spoke the detective, with an ambiguous smile. Glancing at the detective with a scep tical air, Yerkes walked to the closet and., opened the door, and the next moment he uttered a fearful shriek and started back with his hair standing on end, and his face the color of aBhes. He had seen (as his guilty conscience told him) the ghost of his victim, for Sharon remained in the closet, perfectly immovable, his eyes fixed reproachfully on the guilty wretch. The horrid vision was too much for his brain to endure. Yerkes became a raving maniac from that moment, and became so violent that the detective was obliged to manae'e him hand and foot and again take him to the hospital, from whence he was shortly afterwards conveyed to the insane department of the almshouse. Pembroke Sharon was generously re compensed by his employer for his heroic attempt to prevent the robbery, and promoted to a responsible position in the store, which he filled with credit both to himself and his grateful em ployer. Yerkes lived about a year after this confinement, and died a raving maniac ; a terrible retribution for . bis attempt to fasten the crime on an innocent person. 