THE MALIGNANCY OF INANI MATE' THINGS. A rising foret';ihUisopher haa, we are told, been developing a ounous theory as to the malignancy of imnaimate objects. The author of the thery appeals very wisely in the firstinstance to hecommon experience of all human beings, sad .then, having seoured that substantial bsi of acknowledged' fact, proceeds to{ work out his general theory. Many another doctrine-that for instance of thee ghost revisiting the glimpses of the moon - it argued after a different fashion, and even after a difterentprinoiple. Ilt would be of no use now-a-days to bein writh . an appeal to our common experience of ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who declared that in oneof the grat battles of Spain Saint James himself had OCILtAED UNDER THE'IPANISII FLAG, but added modestly, "unworthy that 1 was, althoungh in thebattleI was not favored with a eight of the blessed saint." But the philosophbsehotheorlses aboutthe malignancy of inaaii~ate' objects can seize at once upon a coinmmon and indeed universal experience. Let us have the facts to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all events we can got on the way to it. Who does not often writhe under and storm at the malignancy of inanimate objects? The footstool that was un doubtedly put coarefnlly into a corner-bow, does it come to be in'thensiddle of the room ? The fire which was blazing up a mo ment ago-why is it dead out already. The water tap from which one fills a jug seems never to flow freely while he stands over it; but let him divert hisattention for one moment to any other object. and' ArE is i THsE DELUCO. T~. latoh-key-but then, perhaps, we has better not lay too much stress on the troubles -iththelatoh key,inasmuchasunphilosophical levitp migh tsuggestunwelcome explanations. Thb pebble that comesin the wayof thehero's horse and upsets the hero isa -striking illus tration on a grand scale of this alleged in veterate malignancy of inanimate objecta. On a smaller scale of illustration, why should the razor which shaves so keenly one day utterly decline to shave at all the next day, and then, being neglected and. thrown aside for a week, establish a new and malignly meant claim when t TRIED AOAIN IN DESPAIR, and beoome sharp as te Roman King's razor which cut the whetstone through? Why will the watch - stop at the ° very time when we most want it to keep a going on P .Ve might go ou through a whole catalogue of such experiences, the daily ex periences of most of us. i There Is noquestion-therecan be none-as to the experience. Letanyof us takenoticeon any day of the number of times on which he r' has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, d made to lose his temper- sometimes almost made to lose his wits by inanimate objects, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate r better the force of the new phi*esophio e' theory. oWe confess that, although we find v the theory interesting, we do not see that it r is likely to enrich the world with any new and practical rules for the guidance of every day or any day life. Because if these in. P animate things are really malignant, they a will be malignant still, after philosophy fl shall have recognised Tltl: FACT OF THEIIR MALIGNITY. P But, if we were to refuse to conildera theory ci merely because we did not see what practical t' good considering it would do, we should be a' cutting ourselves off from some of the finest P theories with which philosophy has from time to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, 8' after centuries of evolution,. the vexations P and impatiences of mankind under the refrac tory conduct of inanimate objects, have at o° set crystallised themselves into a theory, we feel bound to 'commendit topabllcconasdera tion, even although we do notfeel in any way assured that the common round and the daily i task will be made much the easier, by its reecgnition. Nothing can be in its way YORE InnITATING THAN TIE LUCIFER MALTCII. i Who can tell when It will light, when it will d refuse to light, wheh it will. break in b the middle, when it will snap. off', just t1 at the top after lighting, and leave ifts fiery head on one's hand? Ba; u all this will go on no doubt even after the t1 world has accepted the philosophic theory ti hat the lucifer match is la 'malign and a 0 capricious thing like some ill-conditioned I' gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot educate b or convert or punish a lucifer' match any 81 morothan we can an ill-conditioned gnome or a aprite or imp. But we are for receiving and Y lscussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve thefeelings of a human being = now and then to know that when his water- - jug for no apparent reason broke away from j3 its handle, or when his' coffee. at a railway 0 station would not cool in time to 'let him " swallow it before the starting of his train, or when his coffee at home cooled so inastant- 0 neously as to make him unwilling to swallow ; it at aft-it might perhaps relieve his feelings to know that he was struggling against a y malicious enemy, and not suffering from a commonplace accident. A great devotee of Schopenhauer, develop ingnot long since a principle of that philo sopher, discussed the possibility of bringing n an odious and hopeless world to a close by 5 AN ACT OF UtNIVERSIAL SUICJLE. e But he admitted certain doubts'as to the 9 feasibility of accomplishing such' a purpose. The whole human race might, he thought, ° be brought into that league of universal self-obliteration. Even the lower animals e mtght be persuaded or coerced into the n same arrangement. But his hesitation was as to wast are natled-unphilosophically no a doubt-the inanimate things. His convic- . tfon was that the world began with the inani mate things, as wecall them,. They started d the ,whole business, and thencame the lower v animals, and then came man. Now euopose man were universally willing to' extinguish himself-whet guarantee could .he possibly have from these' inanimate things that the c .moment he had disappeared they would a not START THE wxIIOE MAOIteNE OF EXISTENCE all over again. You cannot have a compact with the sands of the do. sect or the salt of the sea or -he atones in a quarry. You cannot have.a a treaty with the dust of the highway or an allianco with the coals in a mine. Even if you could have such an:'arrangement. 1 'who could answe)r for its being carried out . t Who could trusat'those 'things to keep their plighted words? 'The moment our hacks were turned they would be sure to set 'the. whole mechanism going again, just for tlhe peiverse fun the business. I Now it seems to us that theri a great deal -of practical good sense in tht idea. It wrorks I in very well, alsoo With the teoryoftholater philosopher about 'the malne oy f inani. mate things. The moment theo inanimate objects found that there we.anything man kind oartieularly wanted them to do, then they wvouldinstantly, and ' OUT OF IttERR MLICE, make up their minds not to do it. We can' udge of that from that co mon and trying daily experience to which we have already referred. The disciple o Schopnhauerhad hot, perhaps, when he day loped his doubts -ever heard of what we ay call the in animate malignancy thee r ?:ut if he had 'heard of it, and ad itted that there was something in it, he w?puld assuredly have found himself strengthened in his wholesome scepticism.. He might Lil find sermons in stones, but he wonuld fel sure that it would be 'futile to trusato the iremise of a stone that it would cesto rowing just to oblige him.-"Daily Nesn Mr Walter Besant' guoing to Chicago ans the delegate of th~ S6ciety ou Authors 'to the Conference of Authors convened in \- that citylfor 10th, l1th and 12th July. According to "iThe LTri-ary World," he leaves England to-day(10th June) by the Etruria, having?a?rracrnd to pay a visit to several of the New Englend citties. He will visit Niagara on his way to Chicaco. Mr Besaut will read a paper onl "The 'Work of tilhe Sooiety ot Authors,' and will be the bearer ofnumgous papers by other -admg members of th society. 