CHAPTER IX. ' The SrrrEFULLEsr ov Talkers ix our Towx.' Like most small country settlements/ little fraternities of -well-to-do people who think themselves the beginning and end of the world, Trelasco was slow to rise to any festivity in t'le way of party-giving. So it was about two monthB after Colonel Disney's return before the friendly tails and interchange of small civilities cul minated in a dinner party at Glenaveril. It seemed, indeed, only right and natural that the great house of the district, great by reason of Lord Lostwithiol's ab senteeism, should be the first to offer stately hospitality to tho colonel and his womankind. The invitation to 3Ciss Leland might b8 taken as an especial oomplinient, arms outstretched to receive eno who was a stranger in the land. '"We want to know that nice, young sister of yours,' 3Ir. Crowthor said to Colonel Disney, in his patronising way, as they all came out of church the Sunday before the dinner party. 'A remarkably fine girl.' Tho colonel did not thank him for thiB compliment, which was pronounced in a loud voice, amidst the little knot of acquaintances taking leave of each other on tho dip of the hill, where there was a signpost on a patch of waste grass, and where road and lanes divided, one up the hill to Tywardreath, another to Eowey, and a narrow-wooded fane leading down to Glenaveril and the Angler's Seat. Short as tho distance was, there wore carriages waiting for the Crowthers, who never walked to church, however fine the weather. Mrs. Crowther came to the morning service resplendent in a brocade gown and a Parisian bonnet, on pain of being condemned as dowdy by her hus band, who liked to put the stamp of his wealth upon every detail. His wifej" obeyed him with wifely meekness, but! the daughters were not so easily ruled..' Both were keen-witted enough to feel tho vulgarity of Sunday morning splendour. So Belinda worshipped in the exag gerated simplicity of an unstarched jaconet muslin, a yellow Liberty Bash, a flopping Gainsborough hat, and a neck- ■ lace of Indian beads, an attire which at tracted every eye, and was a source of wondor to the whol.; congregation, whilo ; Alicia's neat gray cashmere froclr, made by the be3t tailor in Conduit street, and 8iiart little toque to match, gxay gloves, gray silk stockings, gray prayer book and sunshade, challenged criticism as a study in monochrome. Mr. CroVthcr would have lingered for further conversation before getting in the family landau, but Colonel Disney hade a rather abrupt1 good morn ing' to the whole group, and hurr .ed his wife and sister down the hill. 'I'm rather sorry we accented the Glenavtril invitation," he said to Isola. ' The man is such an obvious cad.' •' Mrs. Crowther is very kind : nd good,' replied his vrife, ' but I have nerer cared much about going to Glenaveril. T don't feel that I get on particularly well with the girls. They are both too fine for me. But r should be sorry to offend Mrs. Crowther.' ' Yes, she is evidently a good soul. It was thoughtful of her sending you a ticket for the ball. A woman with daughters is seldom overkind to out siders.' ' Oh, I believe Mrs. Crowther'a heart would be big enough to be kind to people if she had as many daughters as Era Danaus.' ■ 7 ' Well, on her account, perhaps it was best to accept the invitation.' ' Don't be so grand about it, Martin,' said Allegra. 'You forget that I am pining to see what a dinner party in a veryrich house is like. I haTe seen, nothing in London but literary and artistic dinners—third-rato literary and third-rate artistic, I'm afraid—but they were very nice, all the same. Glenaveril is a place that takes my breath away, and I am curious to see what a dinner party can be like there.' 'Then, for your sake, Allegra, I'm glad we said yes. Only I couldn't stand that fellow^ patronising yon. Calling ' you a fine girl, forsooth.' ' Yes, it is an odious phrase, is it not? I'm afraid I shall have to live through it, because, like Kosaiind, " I am more than common tall."' She drew herself up to her full height, straight as a reed, but with fully de-t veloped bust and shoulders, which showed to advantage in her pale tussore gown—■ silk that her brother had sent her from India- _ She looked the incarnation of girlish innocence and girlish happiness— a brow without a cloud, a atep as light aa. fawn's—a fearless, happy nature." Hefi more common- place features and finer figure were iu curious contrast with Isola's pensive beauty, and too fragile)' form, Disney glanced from one to thai other as he walked along the rustic lane between them; and though he thought! his wife the lovelier, he regretted that sh«! was not more like his sister. • A man who iB very fond of home and1 who has no professional caves and occu pations is apt tadegenerate into a domestic busybody. Martin Disney gave his firs*, sign of this inclination on the day beforal the dinner at Glenaveril. 'What are you two girls going t<3 wear? he asked. 'At least I don't think I need ask Isola that question. You'll wear your wedding gown, of course, love ?' he added, turning to his wife. ' Ho, Martin, I am going to wear my gray silk.' ' Gray! A dowager's colour, a soured spinster's colour—a Quaker's no colour,' I detest gray.' 1 ' Oh, hut this is a very pretty gown—«( the palest shade of pearl colour—and. j wear pink roses with it. It was mad* in Paris. I feel sure you will like mo in it, Martin,' Isola said horriedly, as if even this small - matter fluttered her ' nerves. ' Hot as well as I like you in. your wedding gown' That was made in Paris, and it fitted you liko a glove. I never b*w such n pretty gown—so simple, yet so elegant.' ' I have been married much too long to dress &8 a bride.' ' You shall not seem as a bride—except to mo; for my eyes only shall you shine in bridal loveliness. Bride or no bride, what can be prettier for a young woman tban a white satin gown with a long train ? You can wear coloured flo wers to show yon have hot got yourself up as*# bride. What do yon Bay, AUegra ? Give us your opinion—of course, you arc an authority upon dress.' ' Oh, the -white Ratio, by all means. Isola Looks ethereal in white. She ought hardly ever to wear anything else.' ' You hear, Isa. Two to one against you.' ' I'm sorry 1 can't be governed by your opinion in this instance. .You forget that I last wore my gown at a ball. I danced a good deal—the floor was dirty—the gown was spoilt. I shall, never wear it again. I hope that will satisfy you, • Martin.' She spoke "wit h a toueli of temper, her cheeks flushed crimson, and her eyes Ailed withsuddtn tears as she looked dapre catiugly at her husband. Martin Disney felt bituself a brute. ' ily dearest, I didn't mean to tease you,' he said, 'wear any thing you like. You are sure to to the prettiest woman . in the room. I em sorry the gowa was spoilt; bat it can't be hpiped. I'll buy yon another white satin gown the first time you and I arc in Plymouth together. And pray, Miss AUegra, what bravery will yon sport f' . ' I have only a white lace frock that has seen some service,' replied his sister meekly. ' I dare say I snail look like somebody's poor relation at such a place se Glensvc-rU.' 'Oh, it's not'to be a grand party, by any means,' said Isola. ' Mrs. Crowther told me she had asked the Baynliams and the vicarage people to meet us, just in a . friendly way.' The party wa3 decidedly small, for on arriving wich reasonable punctuality the Disneys found only one guest on the scene, in the person of Mr. Colfox, the curate, who was sitting by one. of the little artistic tables, showing a new puzzle'of two pieces of interlinked iron to the two Misses Crowther. These young ladies were so intensely interested in the tricYof disentanglement that they scarcely noticed the entrance of their mother's guests, and only rose and came over to greet the party three minutes later, as an afterthought. Mr. end Mrs. Crowther, however, were both upon the alert to receive their friends, the lady frankly cordial, without the slightest affectation of self- conscious ness; the gentleman swelling with pompous friendliness, as if his manly breast were trying to emerge from the moderate restriction of a very open heart shaped waistcoat. He protested that he was charmed to welcome Colonel Disney to Glenaveril, and he glanced rouDd the splendid waUs as who should say, 'It is no light thing to give you the entree to such a house as this.' j Yanrittart Crowther was a man of short, squat figure, who tried to make up for the want of inches by extreme uprightness, and had, cultivated this carriage until he Eeemed incapable of bending. He had a bold head, disguised by one dappled Btreak of gray and sandy hair, which was plastered into a curl on each side of his brow—curls faintly suggestive of a cat's cars. He had blunt, common-place fea tures, a sensual lip, and dull, fishy eyes, large and protuberant, with an expression in perfect harmony with the heavy, BenEual mouth. Mr. and Mrs. Baynhsm were the next arrivals; the lady wearing the family amethysts and the historical black velvet # familiar iD Yrest Cornwall, under whose weighty splendour she arrived short 'of breath; the gentleman expansive of shirt front, and genial of aspect, jovial at tho prospect of n good dinner and choice wines, and not hypercritical as to the company in which ha eat the feast. He Shook hands with his host and hostess, and then went over to the Misses Crow ther, who had not thought it necessary to suspend their absorbing occupation in 'order to welcome the- village doctor's wife—a fuct which Mrs. Baynham ob served and inwardly resented. Mr. Colfox deserted tho young ladies, still puzzling over the two bits of iron, and went across the room to greet the Disneys. He was an intelligent young man, steeped to the lips in the opinions and prejudices of university life—Oxford life, that is to say. He ranked as a literary man in Trelasco, on the strength of having had an article almost published in ' Blackwood.' ' Tho editor had ac cepted my paper,' he told people modestly, 'but on further consideration he found it was a little too long, and so, in point of fact, he sent it back to me in the most courteous manner. He couldn't have acted more kindly—but I- was dis appointed. It would have been such an openiog, yon see.' All Mr. Colfox's friends agreed that With such en opening the broad high road to literary famo and fortune, would hare been made smooth for his' feet. Tbev respected hiui even for this disappoint ment. To have been aeecptod by ' Black wood' made him. almost a colleugue of George Eliot. He was a tall and rather lean young man, who wore an eye-glass, and eeenied to live upon books. It was irritating to Van dttiirfc Crowther, who prided himself on his cellar and his cook, to note how little impression food and drink made.upon Eraneis Colfox. . 'Ho takes my Chateau d'Tquera as if it were Devonshire eider,' said the aggrieved parvenu,' and he hardly seems to know that this is the only house where he ever sees clear turtle. The man': people must have- lived in a veiy poor wav.' In spite of this contemptuous opinion, Mr. Crowther waB always polite to Francis Colfox, and had even thought of him as apis-aller for one of his (laughters. There iB hardly anything in this life which a self-made man respects so much as race, and Erancis' Colfox belonged to an old country family, had a cousin who was an earl, and another cousin who was j talked of as a probablp bishop. He was, therefore, allowed to make himself very j much at borne at G'euaveril, and to speak his mind in a somewhat audacious way to the whole family. • Captain Pentreath, an army man of uncertain- age, a bachelor, and one bf a territorial family of many brothers, came next; and then appeared the vicar and his'wife and one daughter, who made up the party. The vicar was deaf, but amiable, and beamed benevolently upon a I world about whose spoken opinions he' | knew so little that be might naturally lmvo taken it. for a much better world than it is. The vicar's wife spent her existence in interpreting and explaining people's 6peech to the vicar, and had little time to think of anything else. The daughter was characterised by a gentle nullity, temper. 1 by a somewhat enthusiastic and evangelical piety. The chief desire of her life was to keep the church as it had been in the days of her ■childhood, nearly thirty years before. It was the first time the Disueys had dined together at Glenaveril, so it seemed only proper that Sir. Crowther should give his arm to Isols, whicli he did with an air-of conferring an honour. The colonel had been ordered to take the vicar's wife, and the doctor was given to Allegrn; Captain Pentreath took Hiss ] Trequite, the vicar's daughter; Mr. Colfox followed with Mrs. Baynham, and | the daughters of the house went modestly to the dining-room after the vicar and Airs. Crowther. The dinner table was as pretty as roses and Venetian glass could make it. There was no pompous display of ponderous plate, as there might have been thirty, years ago on a parvenu's board. Every body is enlightened nowadays. The great ' culture' movement has been as widespread as compulsory education, and everybody has a taste. Scarcely were they seated when Sir. Crowther in formed Sirs. Disney that he bated display of silver, and at the game time he took care to let her know that the Venetian glass was rather more valoaWe than that precious metal. ' 'And j if it's broken there's nothing left you for your outlay,' he said, 'but it's a fancy of my wife and gills. Those decanters ] are better than anything Salviati ever made for royalty.' The table was oval, lighted by one large lamp under an umbrella-Bbaped amber shade, a shade which diffused a faint golden glow through the dusky room, amidst which hazy atmosphere the ] footmen moved like ghosts, while the | table and the faces of the diners shone and sparked in the brilliant light. It was ae picturesque a dining-room and table as one need care to see; and if the Gainsboronghs and Iteynoldses, which here and there relieved the sombre russet of the Cordovan leather hangings, were not the portraits of llr. and Mrs. Crow ther's ancestors, they were not the loss interesting as works of art. Isolasat by her host's side, with, silent and somewhat embarrassed air, which her husband noted aB he watched her from the other side of the table. All the decorations were low, so that no pyramid of fruit or flowers intervened to prevent a man watching the face opposite to him. Disney saw that while Allcgra, in her place between Mr. Baynham and Alicia Crowther, was full of talk and ] animation, Isolasat with downcast eyes, and replied with a troubled look to bcr I host's remarks. There was something j in that gentleman's manner which was particularly obnoxious Jto the colonel, a j protecting air, a fatherly familiarity, which brought the bald, shining forehead almost in contact with Isola's soft brown h dr. •; ' I • • ■ Ao tho man, bent, to whisper and to titter in the very ear of: his neighbour, the colonol got through a little duty talk with Mrs. Trequite, whose attention was frequently distracted by the necessity of explaining Mis. Crowther's polite mur murs to the vicar on t.ho other side of tlie table; and this duty done he gave himself up to watching Iaola and lier host. "Why did she hinsh so when the inan talked- to I her ? Was it the admiring leer in those ■fishy - eyes which annoyed her ; or the man's manner altogether; or was it any thing that he said ? Disney strained his cars to hear their conversation, if that : could be called conversation which was, j for the most part monologue. j [to BE CO XT IX [TED XEXT WEEK.] 