Oxu? Tuesday's Tale. THE SPECTRE WEDDING. MR. Martin Dupont was a justice of the peace in the little town of Marl burg. He had been elected to office .at the close of the war of 1812, and iiad acted in his present capacity for aearly nine years. Men of Mr. Du pontfs type were very common in those -days, and even now one does not have to search far to find one of those self complacent, pompous gentleman who .delight in winning admiration from their associates, who always have at their tongue's ends great many stories in which they play the leading part; ?but who are nevertheless, very super stitious, so -much so, indeed, that a .glimpse of the moon over the left shoulder or a howling dog has power -to make them melancholy for a week. Having failed to secure for himself as large a share of this world's goods ?as he wished, Mr. Dupont was fully resolved that his two children, Henry and Margaret, should not be lacking in wealth. As for his son, he very wisely concluded that a good educa tion, added to his natural abilities, .would secure for him a place in the ?world, and already Henry was show ing the wisdom of the plan, and by his rapid advancement in business was more than fulfilling his father's ex pectations. It had always been Mr. Dupont's desire that his daughter should marry some rich man, but Margaret had fallen in love, very foolishly, according to her father's Idea, with the principal of Marlburg High School. Charles Foster had several times pleaded his suit in vain before Mr. Dupont. There was no fault in the young man, Mr. D. rather grudgingly admitted, except that he had to depend upon his salary but still no man should presume to become his son-in-law who had not money enough to support his daughter in better style than that in .which she was then living. He liked the school teacher very well as a friend, but as a son-in-law that was quite another matter. Nevertheless Charles and Margaret did not despair of their cause, although Mr. Dupont was seemingly immovable. The thought of an elopement was banished by them both as being dis honourable, and as no other plan seemed practicable they very wisely resolved to wait until some kind fate should come to their aid. This, then, was che condition of affairs when our story begins. Mr. Duponf s duties as Justice of the Peace did not confine his law practice to Marlburg, but very frequently he "was called away to attend various lawsuits in neighbouring towns and hamlets; and it is so happened that at this particular time he was en gaged in a case of some considerable importance in an -adjoining town. On account of the nearness of the place it was Mr. Duponf s custom to drive his own horse back and forth and txj spend his nights at home. .. One nighty on account of an unusual' press of business, he was obliged to stay beyond his ordinary time of leav ing, and after the work was completed he yielded to the urgent invitation of his client to chat for a few moments. As they puffed away at the choice Havannahs they began to tell each other of various exciting adventures and wonderful experiences. Time slipped away so rapidly that it was 10 o'clock before Mr. Dupont suddenly remembered that a seven-mile drive lay between him and his home. Hastily bidding his friend good-bye, he started for the hotel stable to get his horse. The weather had changed while the two gentleman had been chatting and now the ominous stillness and the cloudy sky admonished Mr. Dupont that if he wished to get home before the rain began to fall he must hasten. Hastily throwing a quarter to the sleepy hostler, he sprang" into the buggy aud set out on his homeward way. The road home was a lonely one; houses were few and far between, and a few miles out of Marlburg some lonely woods lined the road on either side, and adjoining the woods was a graveyard. .As Mr. Dupont drove on into the darkness he began to become nervous, the weird stories that he had just been hearing kept flashing through his mind, a great many wrong deeds of his life came before him, magnified by the darkness and solitude, and among other things he began to won der if he was doing just right in refus ing his consent to his daughter's mar riage. In this frame of mind he approached the woods; involun tarily he tried to quicken, his horse's pace, but the darkness and the low murmurings of thunder seemed to have affected the horse, too, and the sagacious brute tried constantly to slacken his pace. How lonely it seemed there, no houses, no living be ing-nothing but the dead in the graveyard beyond. Suddenly the horse stopped and snorted. Mr Du pont saw two white figures suddenly dart into the road: one stood beside his hope, and the other beckoned him to descend from his waggon. His hair rose, and his tongue seemed glued to his mouth. The silence was terrible. If these white beings would only speak ; but no sound came from them. i At last, in desperation, he stammered out " Who are you, and what |do you mean by stopping me here in this way V "We are spirits of the departed dead," a sepulchral voice replied, " and we have need of your services ; desceud from your vehicle, do as we bid you, and on the word of a ghost you shall not be harmed." The terrified lawyer descended and stood by the speaker's side, while the i other ghost tied his horse to a tree and joined them. " Yield yourself entirely to us and you shall be safe," said the spokesman. " You must needs walk far and. must I alow us to blindfold your eyes, in order that you may not discover before your time the way to the land of the shades. No tjnore words must be spoken. Obey." Mr. Dupont was so terrified that he could not speak, and in silence allowed a cloth tq be bound over his eyes; then escorted %T bis ghostly companions, he began to walk. It seemed to him that he would never be allowed to stop. } Seconds seemed ages; every attempt of | his to speak was checked by impatient | groans of his guides. At last after walking half round the earth, as it ; seemed to him, he realised that he was being piloted up some steps, and by the feeling of warmth he knew that he had left the open air. " The Justice of the Peace may be seated," said the ghost who had done all the talking. Mr. Dupont sat down, and the cloth was quickly removed from his eyes, revealing to his astonished gaze the interior of a room dimly lighted by wax candles. Every side was hung with black curtains, and on four black covered stools facing him set four white-robed spectres, whilst beside him stood another dressed like his compan ions. Before he had time to more than wonder at his strange surround ings the spokesman began " Mr. Dupont, we have a solemn duty for you to perform. You are a Justice of the Peace in the world of the living, and a man dear to us on ac count of your noble life ; therefore are you here. We have in these abodes 1 of the dead two young shades recently come from the other world. Each of these died of a broken heart'because a stern parent forbade them to marry. What <5o you think, sir, of such a pa- j rent as that ?" Mr. Dupont wriggled about uneasily in his chair, and at last said: " I think, good shade, it was very wrong of him." I " We knew you would," resumed the | ghost, " because you are a kind man j and one who loves his children. Now, , do we understand you to say that if the poor girl had been your child it would never have happened ?" " Surely it never would," replied the frightened Mr. Dupont. " We have not misjudged you, then," replied the shade, while the other four ghosts nodded approvingly. " We have summoned you in order that you 4 may unite them in wed-lock, so that in this world at least they may be happy. Such a marriage as this is not common among us, so we brought you here, a good Justice of the Peace ra ther than a minister, who might have been shocked at these proceedings., You can marry them just a well as a clergyman. Now, stir, will you oblige us by marrying these two shades. If you will consent you may depart at once to your home. Will you V Marry the two shades ? Of course he would ; anything to get away from this terrible spot. And so, without the precaution of stipulating his fee, he stammered out; "Oh, yes, surely; anything you wish." . j No sooner had he given his* consent than one of the black curtains was drawn aside, and two other beings in white entered and stood before him. The other shades rose, and Mr. Du pont, not wishing to be the only one to keep his seat^ rose too. The good Justice had never married shades; he did not know quite how to proceed, they looked exactly alike; he did not know which was the bride and which the groom. He wished he were well out of it, and the only way to gain his wish was to proceed quickly with the ceremony, and so he began at once. Some way he managed to get through, although he could not have told afterwards how it was done. He turned to the bride when he said: " Do you take this woman to be your wedded wife ?" and to the groom when he should have addressed the bride; but at length, much to his relief, the "I do" was said by each, and the Jus tice finished with the " I pronounce you man and wife." But all was not yet over. No sooner had the words left his lips than one of "the beings before him threw aside its j ghostly robe, and there, in a beautiful gown, stood-his daughter, Margaret. Mr. Dupont started to speak, but only gasped, for around him stood the other ghosts; they, too, had thrown aside their robes and stood revealed. Could he believe his eyes 1 Yes, there was no mistake. He had married his daughter to Charles Foster in the pre sence of his wife, his son, and three family friends, and the J ustice knew enough of law to realise that the cere mony was binding. The black cur tains, too, were torn down, and there they all stood in his own parlour. There was no help for it conse quently Mr. Dupont submitted, and someway all his friends thought that he was very glad that the joke was played upon him ; at any rate, in later days, as he trotted his grandchildren on his knees, he never tired of telling over and over again into their wonder ing ears the tale of the spectre wed ding. The Cheviot Estate " coal" turns out to be driftwood. But (says N.Z. TRUTH) it will be all right, say in 10,000,000 years. We must let Na ture have time to perform her opera toons. 