A New Leaf. - ' I am going to -turn over a new leaf,'; he said feebly, his pallid hps wearing just a ghost cf a smile. ' Still delirious,' said . the doctor with profes sional gravity. ' No,' said the sick man's wife — she was also his nirse and sole watcher, 'Jim is in his right mind when he begins to turn a new leaf.' ' Oli, that'6 a habit of his, is it ? ' asked the doctor kindly, as if he didn't know what everybody else knew, that poor, weak, shiftless Jim Worthen was always going to do something that he never did. seen it all siuce I've been lying sick.' It waa Jim's feeble voice now. 'I've been such a worthless, selfish husband to you, Nellie — such an idle, good-for-nothing fellow ' ' ' No, no, Jim, ' protested his wife, crying softly, ' you were always kind to me. It wasn't your fault that things went wrong.' ' Oh, I can see now as I never saw before, bow I have wasted the great opportunities of life. But I'll turn over a new leaf — this time I am in earnest.' He had done it' many times. All the fair white leaves of his life he had turned over, and now the re cording angel had them in his keeping, soiled, blotted, illegible, nothing to compute from their poor moral arithmetic but the time he had wasted. Hush ! the sick man is talking. Not turning the leaves over now, but backwards, for in his troubled sleep his pale lips move, aud he babbles of his boy hood's days — of a deep still tarn in the woods where '? the trout leap — a place that he only knows of. His wife smiles. He is dreaming, she says. When he awakes with a start, he looks strangely at them all — ? ' Why— why — where am I? Where is mother? ' His' faithful wife is forgotten. Another face— one that has been under the 'graveyard mosses for years 1 — is in his memory now. ' I thought she was here,1' he said, faintly. ' Oh, I remember cow. I was sick' 'and .dreaming. Let lne get up! I want to begin all over again.' I have turned over a, new ldaf.' ...... ' Yes, ;dear Jim.' ~. ? * Nellie held his wan white hands in hers. He (lid not ' feel the tears that were softly dropping' upon them. ' We'll go home first and visit the old folks. I never took you home* Nellie, and they'll be glad to see us. I've been the prodigal son, but they'll for give me. What was that mother used to read F ' In my father's hou3e are many mansions.' There'll be room for me there, for I've.turned over a uew leaf— - . it's— all white and clean-r-;ai-'new 3eaf ' Jim, oli, Jim ! ' V His eyes gently closed — he had turned the new . leaf.-^-ilEs. RATNE (in JJetruit Ircc J'resi). 