AMERICAN FOOTBALL. [Saturday Review.) It is now some time since the American first took to himself the distinction of own- ing individual and national institutions other than those of his methods of commerce and his" manner of dining. He claims a school of art, owns, as we know, a distinct style in literature, and in architecture has developed results quite as distinctive as Ionic or Gothic, and infinitely more surprising. In the light of those events it is a pity that he does not acknowledge his theory of the game of football as his own. But it is still extensively referred to in the United States as an English game, and is by many people regarded as the crowning feature of a depraved Anglomania. Those of the inner circle, indeed, admit a similarity only between their rules and those known as the Rugby Union, upon which they son side they have improved. It is admitted on all sides that, played under the most favourable circumstances, and by men who would consider a loss of temper almost equivalent to a loss of honour, football under Rugby Union rules is a reasonably dangerous game. Played as it is in America, it seems admirably adapted for paying off old grudges, and proving con- clusively that good- humoured pluck and skill are no match for savage brutality and irrelevant violence. To an aspirant for honours in the American football Held we would say, " My son, loam boxing. Loam football also, if possible, but first learn the art of self-defence," Moreover, the pernicious practices are not exercised secretly (except with regard to the umpire but are tacitly recognised as apart and parcel of the game. True, if a man is caught fighting he may be ruled out of the match. It is made a logical outcome of this law that six or eight reserve men are always ready equipped to take the places of any defeated bruisers. The thinking man can and does easily improve the occasion. If he feels exhausted as the short winter afternoon is drawing in, he can watch until he catches the umpire's eye, "slug" a diminutive opponent, and have his place occupied by one seven times more wicked than himself. Or, being but a player of mediocre ability, he can yet provoke to a merry bout of fisticuffs one whose ability in the game is greater, and may thus bring about the retirement of both, sacrificing' his own pawn self for the opponent knight. The American asserts that his, game is more scientific, which, from a certain point of view, is self-evident. At a match that raged last November between the Boston and Chicago*toaras, the lovers of this noble sport must have thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The head- lines of the daily paper inform us that " all society " was present, and that " fashionables viewed the contest." Almost at the beginning of the game " came the sound of hardened fists beating against flesh, and the shrieks of wild wrath." A little later we find that " fists are flying, and blood comes from nose and cheek." By way of justification the reporter hastens to inform us in the next line that " pretty girls clap their hands exultantly." The players then appear to have lapsed into what must have been very like a game of football, but not for long, for they " got to blows again." At last the referee, who up to this time appears to have been contentedly *" resplendent in yollow-kid gloves," interfered, and implacably ordered one of the heroes off the field, disregarding his ingenious argument, " The ball was not in play, so you cannot object." This decision appears to have had some effect on the bloodthirsty, and comparative peace was not only restored but for a space maintained. interest in the game was here quickened by one player developing the curious faculty of " running like a ghost, a boat both novel and surprising, being, we believe entirely without precedent. Hood has, indeed, left it on record that the wealth of one Bill Blossom refused to walk," but that was because he was used to riding-he never' even hinted at running. Small wonder that a player gifted with so weird a talent for locomotion " dashes by all opponents." It must not be supposed, however, that the main feature of the game was to remain long in abeyance. Indeed, the reporter mentions with approval that there had been a fair share of slugging up to this time The players themselves seem to have felt that they had scarcely risen to the occasion ; so time being short, like the men at-arms of brave Lord Willoughby, " boating up their colours, the fight they did rouow." One of the Chicago team, " to vary the monotony, went over" (off-side, we presume) " and dropped a Bostonian " with a swing in the jaw in truly Corbett style." Whereupon the damaged player arose " and began thumping every Ohica goal in sight by way of retaliation," until, "just to steady him, someone " thumped him on the right cheek." And yet with all this open to her the American woman persists in feeling injured because there is a law forbidding her attendance at prize- fights. Some people are never content. This list of casualties has not been published. But on one day (24th October of the year 1891, we find, on referring to a newspaper of that date, a series of reports of football games from various parts of the country. At one game we read of eight players being Knocked senseless, one having his car out off; at another, three men seriously injured and during the progress of a third one player had his shoulder dislocated and another a finger broken. Six of the football team of a prominent American college work, at the end of the '91soason,inmatosofa hospital. The passages quoted are taken verbatim from the Chicago Daily Tribune, 25th November, 1892.] 