Sydney Social Items. The members of the Boys' Brigade enjoyed. themselves very thoroughly last Saturday after- noon. It was quite a treat to see all sorts and sizes of boys swinging, cricketing, and racing about the grounds at Government House, where all kinds of delights were prepared for them. A Punch and Judy show of course attracted a crowd, and wonderful gymnastic feats were performed by the little fellows in order to get a peep over the ones . in, front. Some of the gentlemen present vainly endeavored to assure the small spectators that they could see just as well further off, but the only result was, " No, indeed, ye can't see rnothin' from there, gov'nor" in injured tones. As for Punch, he outvied himself, and was as wicked and impenitent as the most vivid imagi- nation could desire, till the sight of a white figure, recognised as "my old woman's ghost," terrified him into a confession of guilt, which he shortly afterwards was forced to expiate, by a grim individual, dressed entirely in red, who in- continently pitchforked the hardened criminal into the lower regions. . '?* A great feast was spread on tables on the ver- andah, and at first sight the supplies seemed inexhaustible. The pace at which the good things disappeared beat every record. " Eat all you can and pocket the rest," seemed to be the order of the day, and time being apparently precious, the tables were emptied in a twinkling. On the whole, the guests behaved themselves with decorum, and received with dignity and politeness the services of the ladies who waited upon them, and who did their best to satisfy their demands for pickles, which, strange to say, appeared tb be the favorite dainty. Bread and butter came next, the poor little chaps evidently appreciating the new bread and fresh butter; whilst cake, fruit, and lollies filled up corners, both inside and outside. Some disappointment was caused by the absence of " Mrs. Jersey," who was eagerly inquired for by those who remem- bered her kindness on a previous occasion; but the genial Governor was an admirable host, inas- much as he looked as if he enjoyed it all. With his usual thoughtfulness he remembered the ladies who had assisted in entertaining the boys, and took care that they were refreshed by some excellent tea after their labors were over. - .* , Fortunately the weather was perfection, and al- though at one time rain threatened the clouds . passed^ over, and a cool breeze seemed all the more refreshing after the heat of the previous .days. Among those present were Mr. and Mrs John See, Sir George Dibbs, Mrs. Roberts, Mrs, ' Kendall, Mrs. Golding, Mrs. and Miss Rosenthal Mrs. Meeks, Mr. J. R. Fairfax, Miss Coleman, Mrs Plumb, Mrs. Foreman, Miss Wilkinson, Mist ? Carpenter, Mr. Alexander Dean, Mr. W. J . Trickett, M.L.A., Mr. A. Mitchell, Messrs Carpenter, Pender, Lewis, Harnay and Gray. ? ?..*' : Miss Gertrude Summerhayes gave a mâtiné* . musicale on Saturday last, when an excellent pro gramme was given to a large and appreciative .audience. ¡Madame Summerhayes and hei daughter, Mrs. J. W. Hazlitt, opened the proceed inge by a duet for two pianos, which was follower by à violin quartette value, given by the Misse McMahon, Gertrude Tobin, Eve Griffiths, am Gertrude Summerhayes. > Madame and Mis Summerhayes, and Mr. Arthur Smyth gave th «' Air d' Eglise " from " Stradella " on the pianc violin and organ ; Mrs French.sang "Dear Bin ; of Winter ; " Mr. Nicholls gave Faure's "Le : Rameaux,'' and Madame Summerhayes playe< Chopin's "Berceuse" and Scarlatti's " Sonat in A." The concert was very successful, an much enjoyed by those present. * Mr. J. E. Paul received an address and souvenir, in the shape of a liqueur stand, froi . the employées of the firm of Messrs. Potts an Paul, Erskine-street, on the occasion of hi approaching marriage with the daughter of M F. Buckle. A large number of friends were pr< sent, and speeches were made by Captai Fletcher, of the I.S.N. Co., and Mr. Baxter, of tl A.Ü.S.N. Co. (1 - .'. , A very successful musical evening took placet the University Hotel, Glebe- road. Mr. Sai Stead was a very efficient manager, and M Harris acted as accompanist to the singer About twenty gentlemen were present, one < whom pef ormed a capital comic step-dance. Mr. and Mrs. Donald*Ross, of Newtown, we invaded last week by a large party of the friends, and dancing was soon started with gre spirit. Among those present were the Miss Elliott,, Lockley, Condy, Moshia, Black, Walk« Smith, Ward, Ketley, and Baker, the Messrs. Yoi Jones, Munro,' Hamilton, Walker, Kingsle Pauley, Hutchison, Howe, and Wilson. . * . Mrs. Warren Ball, of Kogarah, received surprise party on January 6. The self- invit guests included Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Thornbui Mrs. and Miss Carruthers, Mr. and Mrs. Leeder, Mr. and Mrs. J. Elkington, the Misc Byrnes, Firth, Ramsay, Munro, Cook, Thornbei Carruthers, and Leeder, and the Messrs. Bu Bannister, Thornburg, Cook, and Llewellyn. ? * ' Mr. and Mrs. McMahon gave an evening party recently at Rossmore, Petersham. A great num- ber of guests were present, and songs and dancing were the order of the evening. Mrs. J. Ellis wore black satin trimmed with old gold ; Mrs. H. Hart's yellow silk gown was veiled with black lace ; Miss McMahon looked well in cream-colored silk, whilst her sister was in buttercup silk with white chiffon; Miss Dunn wore black velvet; and Miss Amy Punch's Greek costume was graceful and becoming. Mrs. Rafferty, Mrs. F. McMahon, Captain Punch, and Messrs. Clarke, Smith, Cherry, Ireland, Slocombe, Greig, and Olde were also present. Mr. and Mn?. Norman, of Strathfield, gave a very successful pionic to Cabarita, where an ex-^ oellent luncheon was provided by Mr. Correy. .. The weather was pleasant and the guests thor- oughly appreciated the hospitality of their entertainers. *** His Excellency and Lady Jersey, accompanied by their guests-the Duchess of Buckingham and Chandos andMiss Wolfie Murray-visited Wirth's Circus, and expressed themselves well pleased with the entertainment. Fortunately, however, Ministerial business detained the Premier, whose tender feelings would doubtless have been har- rowed by the sight of the risks run by. the lady riders, whose feats were indeed marvellous.. One of them exhibited a skilled and graceful handling of cups and balls, rings and knives; which would have shown great dexterity, on terra firma, but being performed on horseback was almost incredi- ble. Another lay quietly on the back of her steed whilst he jumped through burning hoops ; and altogether the performance was well fitted tc cause the hair of the gentle Sir George to stand on end. V On Saturday last the annual picnic of the In stitution of New South Wales Surveyors tool place at Chowder Bay, where cricket, quoits, ant other amusements were indulged in. A smok< concert took place in the evening, Messrs. Collins Johnson, Dobbie, Silk, and Boyle contributing solos, and Mr. Merriman acting as accompanist, Mr. Bramley, as highest scorer in the cricket match, received Mr. Wiesener's prize of a cup, Mr Bergin, as best bowler, was presented with a bal by the Hon. Sec. (Mr. T. F. Furber), and Mr McLean received the prize of a bat offered by th« President (Mr. S. H. Enibbs). » * * A new "Ladies' Club" has just come to thc fore. This one is, however, as yet on a small scale, and is chiefly intended as a home for ladies of small means, and not merely as a luxury foi the rich. The terms are very moderate foi boarders, and no subscription is needed for ladies who find it a convenience for meals without resi- dence. Mademoiselle Chrétien has kindly under- taken the office of manager, and her numerous friends recognise this fact as a guarantee foi comfott and convenience in every detail. A1 present the club occupies a small house io Darlinghurst (211 William-street), but it is tobe hoped that it will soon out-grow its presenl modest dimensions. Eight ladies can, however, be comfortable accommodated, and though Mrs Cecil Darley has generously guaranteed the first year's rent, Mademoiselle Chrétien hopes befon long to establish the club on a strictly self supporting basis.. She also looks forward t< establishing a lending library and reading-roomi on the premises, the former to contain foreign a well as English literature. She is assisted in her ¡ "laborof love" by the following ladies, consti- tuting a committee : Mrs. Bowman, Mrs. Haigh, Mrs. Tovey, Mrs. and the Misses Mansfield,. Mrs. C. Mansfield, Miss Metcalf, and Miss Green. 