Lady Betty Ancl Her Great Grandmother's "Wo elding Dress. (In Two Instalments.) II. 'Poor little girl,' they will frighten her,' he said, and moved swiftly away to tho oonoorfc-room. Ho spoke to some of the crazier ones in a very decided man ner, and silence ensued, and the next moment he came hack to tho conservatory with our lletty following him, bathed in tears. Some ot tho nuilieneo had crowded round her and frightened the poor, silly child. And no sooner wore thoy well out of sight of the room than Betty clung to .him with both arms, and laid her soft, curly hoad against his shoulder. She had never once looked up at him. 'Oh, Hugh; dear Hugh, have I not dono enough? Must I got back and sing to thoso dreadful people again? Pleuso say I need not, Hugh. Indeed, you don't know how it hurts me, Hugh, through and through.' By this time I had taken my Betty from tho stranger, and I dare say I looked horribly disagreeable, but before I could speak ho made a sign that I should not tell Betty of tho mistake she had made, and he stood aside to let our own Hugh come up. 'Heed I sing again, Hugh?' said Betty, and the real Hugh, looking down tenderly at hor, said fiercely ; ' If I had known they would have be haved like that, ray little Betty, you should never havo entered these doors. It is too bad of them, though they mean it for kindneBS. The truth is, your sing ing has taken them oat of themselves. But you have sung enough, and shall go home if you like. I can't come with you, but, Dot, you can tuko her home, can't yoii ?' ' Allow me the privilege of tuking caro of these ladies,' said Hugh's double, stepping forward. ' It is only fair, for this conoert is given in my honour. My uncle ' 'Thon you are Mujor St. John ?' said Hugh, questioniugly. ' Yts ; and you are Hugh Sinclair, a fine composer and true musician, I hear, lteiy on mo to take the greuteut cure of your song bird hero.' And with this Hugh loft us, and wo were led away into u cool part of the gallery, close to the flowers and fountains, and refreshments wore brought to us. "When Betty was less agitated sho looked oiiriously at tho major, who was so like, yet so unlike our Hugh. Ho, iu his turn, seemed intensely interested in us, or rather, I should say in Betty. ' I waut to know where you found this beautiful gown,' suid he, us hor ruby gown, open in frout, fell back over tho blue-quilted underskirt. ' In tho garret,' said Botty, Bimply. ' It belonged to my mother, and is our great-grandmother's wedding-dress.' ' You do not know what this anoient damo's name might have been ? ' lie sug gested. ' Ho, I don't know unytbing mora about tho gown,' said Betty. ' Once upon a time,' said he, ' I beard of n merry young girl, who, finding an old dress in a garret, precisely like this, dressod herself in it for a fancy hall, and loolcod so lovoly in such quaint attire thut her doting father had hor picture painted us she looked that night. IVill you eomo with me— I will show it to you.' "Wo followed him along tho corridor to a long gallery, and there, sure enough, my Botty, with her corn-coloured ourls, was Biailing at us from the walls, and the ruhy, gold, and blue sotting was identi cally the same. ' What is the meaning of this mas querading ?' said an irate voice beside us. We turned and saw the squire, livid with emotion — I thought anger. Betty looked at him, and a smile came into her eyes of irresistible loveliness. ' You are just like Hugh,' said she eagerly. He did not reply. He simply stood and glared at us., ' I have already solved'the puzzle,' said the major very quiety ; 'as;' ho added, more Blowly, 'no doubt you havo done also. You cannot look at that young iuari's0faee without seeing what is .patent to the least" observant in the room— ho is your living image. You oannot glance from the pioture.t loveliness on tho wall to ; the facie below without' seeing that a lineal descendant stands there. As to tlio dross —if further proof were needed—1 — ' , But as he spoke thei squire seemed to pounce upon our little Betty. In a mo ment he had her under the lights and was holding her face, looking searohingly into , hor eyes.' His' own glared so fiercely .that I should have screamed with terror ; our gentle Betty, however, trusted every, one, or road them as a ohild would do- She looked iu the old man's faoe and smiled. ' Oh,' she said again. ' You are just like Hugh. I never saw such a likeness.' ' "What is your name ?' he said, iu a kind of strangled voice, turning to me. ' Elizabeth, ' I gasped; 'hut we sail her Lady Betty. She has our mother's numo booause she is just like her.' Ho one spoke aftor this. Tho old man breathed almost in sobs, and tho major signed to mo neither to move nor spoulc. Rut I trembled for Retty ; she wns used to comforting us all, even Hugh in his darkest moods ; she eeomed to divine our noeds, and she could not bear to see any one suffer without giving her utmost consolation. To hor simple, ' true mind only one thing presented itself. So now she bent hor head, and laid her cheek against the hand that held her so florcoly. The touch was the gentlest caress, and the next moment tlio old man was holding our Betty close in his arms, a rain of tears falling on her soft rings of curls. Tho major had drawn me away to the other end of the gallery, und here we sat down and stared at one another. I felt very much inclined to cry myself, and had a short struggle, \yliich. ondod in uu undignified choke. ' Hugh told me to take hor home,' I said, a little crossly. ' Sho ought not to stay any longer.' And the major, looking straight at mo, said : ' Little girl, you are at home. The picture on the wall is that of your mother, dressed for a fancy bull in the old ances tral gown. She made a runaway match with a singer, and your grandfather's heart was broken at hor loss. 'She was as proud as he, and would never make an effort to coneiliato him. Sho oven kept him ignorant of the fact that Bhe had any children. Her husband, I imagine, changed his name to Sinclair, since you are culled thus, so all truces of them wero lost. Failing other heirs I was to iu- linrit the estate here, but with your Hugh, as you call him present, I am a nobody, only your very faraway cousin, Major ' St. John, and your very faithful frioud. I shall retire vory willingly, for with my own large estates to manage I did not want any mora upon my hands.' With thoso words he rose, and wo went back to tho sofa, wbero my Botty was sitting, right under tho picture of our mother. The old Bquiro was hanging over hor, unable to keep bis eyes from constantly eompuring the living with the pictured face. ' Well, sir,' suid tho major, cheerily, ' you must not rmike invidious distinctions; here is another claimant to your aifeetions — a good, true littlo soul, to whom I am sure you will give a cornor of your heart.' ' Oh, I am only Dot,' I said, hurriedly, fearing again that scowl of dislike I had watched gather on his brow. I got out of sight, clumsily enough, but the major drew me forward. ' Sho is like her father, you thiuk ? Dear uncle, now on Christmas Eve, with tho "Glad tidings of groat joy" ringing in your ears, ought you not to forgive and forget ?' The major's eyes dwelt meaningly on our lovely Betty, and I know ho meant thut a gift such as that ought to fill the old squiro's heart to. overflowing. I was eo plcused that I suppose I smiled as my grandfather looked at me. ' She has a look of her, mother when sho smiles,' said lie, and he held out hishnud cordiully. From that moment my grand father und I havo been the best of friends. But Betty and I were loft alone in the gallery, while the major and our newly found grandfather walked arm-iu-arm up and down the corridor beyond. I heard tho major's strong, earnost tones again and again. ' It must ho, dear uncle, and at onco.' Tlio squire seemed much grieved and threw his arm about the young man's shoulders. 'You can't leave me fcliu estate now,' said the major again ; ' Hugh Sinclair has a fur greuter claim upon it. But there is one more precious jeweLthat now belongs to you, which I must gain your consent to win. I beliove in love at first sight, and from the first moment my eyes fell upon her 1 felt that I had met my fate.' And the glance of both rusted on our Betty who had wandered buck to the further end of the gallery, standing dreaming a mid t.lio flowers. What a lovoly pioture she made there, in her quaint, rich gown, with tlio old laco full ing over her win to arms, and her yellow curls against the book ground of palms. ' Sho is only a child as yet,1 said the squire jealously. And tlio major laughed as they entered the gallery. ' Come,' ho said to me. ' We are going to make a eonsatiin.' Hugh waB playing a fine piece when we came into tlio conaert-room. Our grandfather, loading Lady Betty, calmly ascended tho stage, tho major followed with me. Hugh looked up wrathfully. Ho was very much displeased to Boe us brought hack to publio view aguin. Ho mudo ono crashing diseord and then rose hastily. ' Dot, I told you to go home,' said he, severely. But oro I eould speak, tho squire had taken him by the arm anil was speaking to him. Then ho drew him unwillingly to tho front of tho stage, and, in a few words, explained to the assembled company that we wero, without doubt, liis grandchildren, restorod to him wonderfully and unexpectedly, and that if this wero satisfactorily proved, Hugh would becorao his heir. Of course we were surrounded in n moment, and 1 think the ladies would havo smothered Botty had- not my grand father stood- between 'her and the many determined to seizo and kiss hor. Littlo notice was taken of me, which of oourse gave me timo to soe what others were doing. Tho major hnd Hugh by tlio arm, and Hugh, haughty (is usual, did not make himself half so ugreoablo as he might have done; but thon he was very much be wildered at the sudden ohiinge in hie position, and proud — well, I am sure, if he had not thought more of us than' of himself, he would nevor have taken ' a penny from the estate, - When -people' - moved away I heard tho major say softly to Hugh : . ' Be. good to tho old man, cousin Hugh. , Ho has hud many a lonely yegr with his 'broken' heart.' " '' . ,The two men .took a long look into one another's' eyes) and then their hinds met in a handclasp whioh promised f riondship ' unto death. Hugh and our grandfather took wonder fully to one another, and the major watched their growing interest with keen delight. But— well, I muBt' say it, for every one knows it is the truth— nothing and no ono in the world will ever be to grandfather what Lady Betty is. The major had thoughu of the others, too, and presently he went away and came baok with our two eldest, Bessie and Letty. But what was said then I do not know, for wo were sent to bed, and slept in a largo room, where I am sure a thousand, ghosts might have wandered. For the squire would not hear of our going away again that night, but insisted upon our remaining, ns if he feared that if he let us go he might lose us again for ever. But when I said to Bot'tv "that the place might bo haunted, Bhe only laughed and danced about ou tho old onk floor, her ruby dross flushing here aud there aglow in the fitful flamos. 'After all, we owo everything,' said she. ' to the ereut- grandmother's weddine- dress.'- — " Argosy." In to-morrow's Telegraph will appear ft now and original atory by John D. Bus, entitled "USOER THE TOWER OF SILESGE." 