Selected Eztracts. The Sardinian town of Salti is a veri table Aready. The inhabitants lately petitioned the -Government to allow them to form a community of then own, instead of continuing to be an integral portion of Buddeso, which is forty miles away. The Government sent a Commissioner to inquire into the. motives of the petitioners, and the official report contains an account such as would astonish us were it descrip tive of an American " city" out west. " Salti," says the report, " has no Town Council, no police, no clergymen, no physician. It possesses no post office, no church or chapel, no registrar's of fice. On the map of the kingdom, al though it contains 1200 inhabitants, it is not marked. And yet the State re ceives taxes from the people, but sends no-tax collector to receive them ; the taxpayers are compelled to undertake a journey of sixty kilometres once every eight weeks, in order to pay their taxes. Once a year, in May, all the children born during the year are taken to Buddeso in block, and there baptised. The dead are buried on the most primitive manner and without ! any traces of religious rites. Mar riages are conducted on the same sys tem without any formality of ceremony, and are declared later.on to...tbo **egis trar or parish priest, sometimes long after they have been blessed with is sue. Vaccination and medicine are only known from hearsay. The chil dren grow up without schooling or in struction of any kind. The German Fruit Company at Los Angelos lately despatched a solid wal nut train from Rivera, in Los Angelos country. The train was made up of 20 cars filled with some 200 tons of Eng lish walnuts produced in the famous Rivera district. It is a new feature in - Californian horticultural enterprise to despatch walnuts by the train-load. It was discovered on October 6tk that the Rev. Tkos. Cook Saunders, M.A., of Oxford, had committed sui cide in a most determined maimer. He occupied the house alone, and was rather eccentric in his conduct. As he had not been seen by the neigh bours for two days previous, the police broke into the premises and found him lying in the front sitting room on the couch ivitli his throat cut and his watch in his hand. It would appear from the marks of blood that the wound was inflicted upstairs in front of the looking-glass, and that after wards Mr. Saunders walked down- j stairs, drew a cork from a bottle of port, and drank nearly the whole of the contents. He then .lay down on the couch with his watch in his hand, and bled to death. He was educated at Rossall School, and since lie has been at Oxford be has acted as " coach" to members of the university. According to the Garden and Forest a remarkably fine camelia is growing near the Royal Castle at PiLl nitz, Dresden, Germany, The tree is 24ft. high, and produces annually at least 50,000 blossoms. It is supposed to have been imported from Japan about a century ago. It is planted in the open ground, but every winter a structure is built around it to protect the plant from the severe cold of winter and the blossoms from rains and frost. A French scientist lately obtained, it is reported, a yield of 42 tons of po tatoes per acre by treating the- seed tubers with sulphate ammonia. He steeped the potatoes for 24 hours in a solution of six pounds of saltpetre, six pounds of sulphate of ammonia, and 25 gallons of water. He then allowed them to stand and drain for a day, in order that their brude might swell, be fore planting them. The Dowager Duchess of London derry lias recently been appointed a church- warden of Machynlleth. This appears to be the only instance on re cord of a titled lady holding such an office. A curious trade of quite a new character, with already large dimen sions, has sprung into existence quite recently in New Zealand in the shape of the exportation of breeding ewes from the North Island to the South Island. The other day 4000 ewes were shipjied from Wellington to the South. Another buyer has already taken 12,000, and a third is in the market with orders up to 16,000. This refreshing new demand should have the effect of hardening the prices of ewes in the North Island, which will be good news for the farmers, The reason of it all is that the Canter bury farmers have frozen so recklessly so many of their ewe lambs, that they are now short of breeding sheep. "The trade may T%~expcv.iJcvi~"~to even larger dimensions next year. A good story comes to the Belgian News from Vienna. The attention of the Archduchess Stephanie was at tracted by a parrott, whose specialty was the recital of the Pater Noster in six languages. She eventually pur chased the bird for L80, but it never afterwards uttered a sound. Inquiries were set on foot, and it was discovered that the parrot-seller was a clever ven triloquist, who spoke the words which apparently issued from the bird's mouth. He is to be prosecuted for fraud. The following story is told of Madame Vietorina, the strong woman : Once she was at a railway station when four big fellows were trying to raise a huge mass of lead on to a trolly. The Strong Lady strolled up and sneered audibly, and one of the lum bering labourers said she'd do better to lend a hand herself instead of laughing at poor men on the job. Miss Vie torina did lend a hand. She stooped down, picked up the mighty ingot, deposited it daintily on the trolly, and strolled away, leaving the appalled British workmen too thunderstruck even to ask for the price of a pint." The Mongols have the courage of lions, the endurance of dogs, the pru dence of cranes, the cunning of foxes, the farsightedness of ravens, the rapa city of wolves, the keeness of fighting cocks, the tenderness for their off spring of hens (here is one redeeming feature), the willness of cats in ap proaching, and the impetuosity of boars in overthrowing their prey.— Scottish Review. One of the most remarkable of trees or shrubs (says the Horticultural Times) grows near some springs, about twelve miles north of Tuscarora. It is about six or seven feet high, with a trunk which at its base is three times the size or an ordinary man's wrist. It has numberless branches and twigs, and resembles somewhat the barberry. Its truly wonderful characteristic is its luminosity, whieh is so great that on the darkest night it can be plainly seen a mile away, A person standing near could read the finest print by its light. Its foliage is extremely rank, and its leaves resemble somewhat those of the aromatic bay tree in shape, size, and colour. The luminous property is due to a gummy substance, which can be transferred to the hand by rubbing, and with the transfer the phosphorescent light, while that on the leaf disappears. The luminosity io ..io Uo duo tio form. The Indians regard it with superstition and will not come near it even in the daytime. They give it a name which means " witch tree." Sir Herbert Maxwell, M.P., an swers the detractors of the present age in the December number of the ' Nine teenth Century':—" It is mischievous in the last degree to spread such false notions of modern life. It is as far as possible from the spirit of true philoso phy to institute comparisons between two different ages; to suppress all that is gross, weak, rude, foolish, and wicked in one, and all that is good, pure, healthy, and polished in the other, and endeavour to persuade Eng lishmen to be ashamed of that which is the glory and blessedness of their lives—the society of woman." Mr. R. G. Barlow, the Lancashire cricketer, who has erected a house at Blackpool which cost £1500, has made it a perfect store of cricket curio sities. From the bottom of the house to the top there is nothing but cricket in some form or other. The very gates have bats and wickets. The ves tibule door has stained-glass portraits of Mr. Hornby Pilling, and others. | The tiles on which you walk have por- I traits of celebrated cricketers; while the hall lamp contains pretty nearly the whole of the Lancashire cracks. Let me tell my Antipodean reader's (says a correspondent to a London paper) that, before long, they may look for the advent among them of not a few of our most skilful dairy farm ers. One, in particular, was heard remarking the other day that he really did dot see why he should stay here any longer, when he could do so much across the ocean, and have a perfect climate too. ' It is,' lie further remarked, ' only ocean carriage against railway, and the ship beats the truck out and out for cheapness !' A London correspondent, writing before Christmas, remarked:—By the way a shrewd butcher at Packham has started a "Missing Joint Compe tition." He invites his customers (N.B.—One guessing coupon giving for every six orders) to guess what joint he and his family will have for dinner 011 Boxing Day. Those who solve this important enigma will re ceive as a prize the joint in question, 1 or rather, one like it. You will scar cely credit the fact but this tradesman is doing a terrific business. The novelty of a duel with beer bottles conies from Huntington (U.S.) j Two gamblers quarrelled over a game, j and agreed to fight it out in that i ! very novel manner. Arming them- ; selves, they went to a secluded place ' and began the battle. Collins was j I badly hurt, and Norman nearly7 killed, j Norman's nose was partly severed, his j left eye put out, and his face fright- i fully cut and battered. Collins es ; caped from the police. Lord Bayleigh, the well known scientist, has opened a dozen shops in ; London for the sale of milk. He j claims that adulterated milk does as I much harm to the poor classes as bad j liquor and insufficient food. j The impecuniosity of the English curate is proverbial, but (says the Pall Mall Gazette) some of the parsons of the Free Kirk of Scotland, in the ! manner of big families and short j purses, seem to run him very close, j At the annual meeting of the Society j mo o£~gT«is~~amr~iyaujpiTers~~ of Ministers, which has just been held : in Edinburgh, the chairman cited the ' following among other cases in support of an appeal which he made to his , audience :—Minister with five children, £130 a year 1 Minister with six chil dren, £135 a year; Minister with nine children, £200 a year; Minister with nine children, £178 a year ; Minister with nine children, £171 a year; Minister with twelve children, £148 a ; year. The following speech of a female | suffragist in America is given in the j Woman's World :—" Miss President, fellow women, and male trash gene rally,—I am here for the purpose of ; discussing women's rights, recussing her wrongs, and cussing men. I be lieve women were created equal with men, although they are a little more I equal now. As a success man is a I failure. I bless my stars my mother was a woman. They sayr man was I created first. Well, suppose he was, j ain't first experiments always failures 1 j The only decent thing was a rib, and | that went to make something better. They throw in our faces about Eve , taking an apple, but I bet five dollars ' Adam hoisted her up the tree and only gave her the core. What did he do when found out 1 True to his mas culine instincts, he shrank behind Eve and said, ' It is not I, it is she.' This woman had to father everything and mother it too. What we want is the i ballot, and the ballot we mean to have ! if we have to let down our back hair ! and swim in a sea of gore." j A good story is told concerning the | " taking down" of a spieler by a lot of I Maoris. The member of the fraternity ! in question is an old man known by | the nickname of " Fiddler," and he i borrowed a wheel of fortune in Wel | lington to go to the Wairoa races with. ! He kept his game going on the course, S and was liberally patronised by Maoris, ] who soon dropped to a system, backing j the figure seven every time. After he j had lost about £14, he examined the | wheel, and found that there were more | figures numbered seven on it than there were of any other number, and he had been beautifully " had." He bitterly bemoaned his fate in coming all the way up from Wellington to be taken down by a set of Maoris. The wheel was, of course, originally designed with the express object of confederates back ing sevens, but in this case the pro prietor had no confederates. For the second day's races he altered some of these sevens into other figures, but the 3!aoris noticed, it. and were cun ning enough to see that there was then " nothing in it." The well-known English trade paper, The Gkocer, in its review of the pro duce markets, has the following severe remarks on a late shipment of butter from New Zealand :—" The Bimuiaka, from New Zealand, with 3583 pack ages, has arrived here, but this de scription of butter is disappointing, being of indifferent quality and infe rior to the make of recent years ; and as Australia, on the contrary, has vastly improved both in the packing and character of the butter, the dif ference between the two competitors for public favour is very distinguish able, the last-named product not hav ing realised more than 110s. to 112s. for the choicest lots, and only 76s. to 86s. for anything low and undesir- i able." A physician of St. Louis asserts that there are in that city 20,000 victims to the habit of injecting morphia under the skin, and that the great majority of those victims are woman of the well to-do classes. He blames the doctors for this state of affairs, believing that , their constantly resorting to hypoder- . mie injections of morpine as a speedy cure for the headaches of their pa- ! tients, or as a stimulant in cases of ; nervous prostration, or as affording re- | lief from great fatigue, has initiated j the craving which soon becomes ir- j restible. Though doctors almost in- i variably warn their patients of the danger of the habit, it grows upon them and speedily subdues them. Ben Jonson, appointed in 1619, was the first to hold the post of Poet Lau reate in England. From his time there has been an uninterrupted succession of State poets. A professional burglar in Berlin has found a new and original way of ad ding to the ordinary profits of Ms pro fession. After each burglar}7 he sent a full account of it to one of the daily newspapers, and for this he received payment in the usual way. But he tried Ms plan once too often. The editor got suspicious, and gave notice to the police, who soon found how tins amateur reporter was able to beat all rivals in the way of early information. The result is that the burglar-reporter is in safe custody. A writer in the Gentlewoman is re sponsible for the following thrilling story :—Two young girls, one of whom I know, went to stay in a country house some time during this year. They were given a room with a legend attached to it to the effect that a wo man whose face was covered with blood haunted it. I believe, however, that the girls laughed and said they didn't mind. That night they went to bed, and very soon afterwards the door opened and a woman rushed in, her face covered with blood, and threw herself on the bed. The girls, terrified out of their senses pulled the bed clothes over their heads and remained where they were, too frightened to move. At length, hearing nothing, they fell off to sleep, thinking the ghost had gone; but the next morning when they woke, there, right across the foot of the bed, lay the woman dead and cold. Poor thing! she was one of the ladies' maids who had sud denly broke a blood-vessel and ran in to try and get help, but not being able to speak for choking, also being the exact jmDerso*w,ri*0**-o£- tw "-ehost," she got no assistance, and so died. The N.Z. Times states that the exe cutors of the late Hon. Algernon Tol lemache, who held large estates in Hawke's Bay, have just paid to the credit of the colony in England the sum of L35,000 by way of stamp duty. This will make a welcome and very ap preciable addition to the handsome surplus which the Government are most likely to have at the end of the financial year. Count de Lesseps became a widower at sixty-eight, with a numerous family. A few years later he was in the habit of visiting a family in Paris wliich comprised five sisters. One day he observed that he had undergone great dangers and difficulties among the Arabs because they could not conceive how a man could live without a wife. The prettiest of the sisters innocently asked, " Why, then, do you not marry again V " Because I am too old. Be sides, if I were to fall in love with a young girl, it would be absurd to tMnk that she would fall in love with me." " Who knows?" observed his questioner. Lesseps told his young listeners about the rose of Jericho, which, after being dried and placed in water, again bursts out into bloom. Soon afterwards he obtained one of these roses and pre sented it to the young girl. In a few days she appeared with the re-blos somed rose in her hand, which she gave to the Count, saying, " See what a miracle the water has affected upon the rose; it is the blossoming of love in old age." Their eyes met; and he, believing she had a meaning in what she did, said, " If you really dare ven ture to share the remaining years of an j old man, here is my hand." But for j this marriage it is very uncertain whether the Count de Lesseps would j have undertaken his laborious task J at Panama. The Countess is always j at his side, and has been his chief help 1 and support throughout his arduous i conflicts with politicians, money-lend j ers, engineers, labourers, and many others. 