CHAPTER XXVil.—This On-comb of tiie Awful Storm. The mato’s face looked ghastly in the glaro of tho lamp-light, and there was suoh a depth, etich an intensity of terror in tho tirnbro of his voice, that a cold shudder ran through ovoryono who hoard him apeak. Had tho man suddenly gono out of his mind to talk of a spirit walking over tho wator, and on a night such as this, too ? No wonder tho ladies turned palo and soreamod in tho Btrango way a Blooper BoreamB under the influence of a torriblo nightmare. Captain Bon and Frank roao afc once and riiBhed on dock. The rest oropfc togothor at ouo end of tho saloon to wait and listen. Tho mato was at tho top of tho companion to receive his captain. Ho had a ship's lan tern in his hand, and now took his way for ward, the others following mechanically as it wore. Past the hatchways up through which tho gloama of light from tho engine-room fires rose in rod straight rays, cutting and piercing tho inky gloom above as if with Hwords of flnmo, past tho maimuast, past tho foremast and into outer darkness beyond. Tho mate hold tho lantern ono moment on high, and its yollow rays gliimnored on tho palo and frightened faces of the mon gathered round tho bows. Then it wont suddenly out, and Frank now beheld a sight that might woll mako sailors stand silent and awod, under tho spoil of superstitious Away, far over perhaps on tho starboard bow was “ tho spirit walking over the waters,” and coming straight towards the ship. A tall, luminous figure as it ap peared at that moment, a ghoBtly appari tion that seemed to hang betwixt tho horizon and tho nearer sea ; a figure that moved hither and thither, and backwards and forwards, now larger, now momen tarily loss, and anon pointing a ghostly arm sky-wards. No ono spoko a word for a time, perhaps no ono could speak—if their feelings were any semblance to those of Frank, they must have felt as if under tho spoil of somo evil dream. Tho spectre advanoed now, rapidly growing larger and larger as 1 it noared the ship, growing apparently more transparent, too, till proaontly it was seen to consist of a pale bluish shimmering light or flame. And the water of the Bea directly beneath it was Btrangely moved, but how or by what it was impossible to Nearer and nearer, larger and larger. And now it was almost on them : almost over the “ Great God!” the mato oxolaimed again, but in a strange and far-away-like voice, 41 we are all dead men." . “ Tho Lord have mercy oh us," said some one olso. The strange spirit-light was on them now; it was all about and around them, a mist and shroud of outlines, on tho sea. and on the fear ful, ghastly and bewildered faces of the crouching orew. Frank looked overboard; the water seemed alive with darkeomo shapes. Ono, two, three, then a dozen groosomo boasts, he oould count; he could Eeo tho writhing of their tails, their heads, and their awful eyes. No more mysterious, no more torriblo sight than this had over boforo perhaps boon scon in tropio seas. But out spoke the skipper’s voice at last, and boldly it rang all over tho ship. 11 Keep up your oourage, boys, it is only j St. Elma’afiro on a larger scale l” ! Tho strange, luminous mist was now some distanco astern, getting less and loss again till it once more assumed thoappearanoo ascribed to it by the superstitious mate, that of a spirit walking over tho sea. Tho mon watched it till it quito disappeared in tho far distance. Tho mato rolit his lantern, and all crowded round the skipper as if to seek for Bomo explanation of tho curious and fearful ap parition. “I have no very lucid explanation togivo, boys," he said. “Wo cannot deny we have seen a raro and a fearful sight. Men have seen tho same boforo.” “And lived?” “Yos, boys, and lived to toll of it. But scienco oan give ub no cluo bb to its cause, only that it is connected with phosphorescence and eleotrioity.” “ But tho creatures in the wator, air ? Thoaoawful boasts, what were they?—and what wore they doing?” “ That,” said tho skippor, “ is tho most easily explained part of tho whole business. Thoy wore either sharks or sea-elephants, or maybo somo of both, though our foolish fears magnified them into huge, writhing blaok snakos. It is woll known that the oroatures that dwell in the sea, and tho creatures in tho universal earth for that matter, aro fond of light, and that thoy will come to it from afar, and follow it and go with it wheresoever it goes. That ex plains that part of tho entertainment, for on a night of suoh intense darkness as this St. ISlma’s fire trailing over tho bosom of tho blaok water would oo bound to attract sharks from ovory quarter of tho oompass. Good night, mon. Mato, toll tho steward to lot the crow have a glass of grog. Show a light hero till we got aft.” Throb—throb—throb went tho pulso of 1 tho moving ship; throb—throb. Tnoro was tho working of the great shaft, and the churning of tho waters under the storn now giving place to a loose, rattling sound aa tho vessel plunged momentarily head first into tho trough of a great smooth sea leaviug tho crow to rcvolvo in empty Throb—throb—throb then ooasod, and all . was still. No longer a hush, but silence i deep as doath from utom to storn of tho night enshrouded ship. Captain Bon had his hand upon tho companion- hatchway, tho tall mato hold tho lantern high aloft, and all oyes were turned aft in tho darkness. j Bon know what was coming, and so did | Frank, and knew, too, whoso wore tho advancing footsteps. “ Wo are broke down, sir.” “I’m very sorry to hear it, engineer. With out a breath of wind or air, with a storm of Borne kind browing, in this torriblo darkness, and with shoals not far off perhaps, I don’t think our position is one to .be envied. Any ohanco of your being able to repair her “ Not the ghost of a chance for days or weeks, if over.” “ Well, it can't ha helped, Mr Doan. Let tho fires out.; Mato, see to it that the sails are ready to be hoisted at a moment’s notice.” “ Ay, ay, Bir.” • - “And UBteD,*’^-Ben talked almost in a whisper—“seo that the boats are watered, provisioned and all ready to lower.” u Ay, ay, sir/’ "When Frank and Bon wont below again, they found Cholly hirasolf seated at the piano. “ Been trying to choar tho ladies up, Cap tain, dear,” ho said, “ but whatovor have you been all up to P Poor mate has got spirits on the brain, hasn’t ho? But what havo you stopped tho ship for, oh ?” At thafcmomont, and just as Captain Ben was about to roply to Cholly^s banter, tho skylight and saloon wero lit up by a glare of lightning of suoh brillianoy, that tho lamps ovon aoomod to burn yollow and dim by comparison. Tboso whoso gazo happonod to bo turned upwards at tho timo could boo every ropo and spar on dock stand out as dark and clear as if it hud boon noontido. Tho silonco that followed tho flash was in ■ tenso and long. No one moved from tho position no or she" had occupied whon tho glaro filled tho saloon. The peal came at last, beginning with a far-off muttering, drawing nearor and still more near, until it oraahodovor the ship with a diu so deafening, so apalling, that when it ceased it was diffi cult indoed to boliovo that masts had not been splintered, and yards and rigging hurled downwards on tho deok. Tho storm now broke over tho ship in all its fury, flash on nnah,nud peal on poal, tho rain falling almost with tho violence of a wator-spout, and breaking as it struok the deok into spray. In the glaro of tho inces sant gleams of lightning, tho falling rain l looked like oorda of fire or streams of firo, goldon, crimson and bluo, while sea and clouds seemed all ablaze. "Without one half-hour oHntormission tho storm ragod nil night long, ooafling only whon tho sun rose in tho eastern horizon, and his blood-red beams flashed over the heaving world of waters. And not till thon did Frank jtf'Nftughton turn in, all standing, for a few hours' repoao. Cholly was soutid asloep, nud had been so probably for many hours, for a man like this has no moro knowledge of dangor than a babe in arms. (to be continued.) 