NEWS OF THE DAY. AN EAE.LT WORKER.-Among the list of recently retired Government officials we Dubbo DISPATCH) observe the name of Mr. . John Roper, Inspector of Stock atMerriwa. Mr. Boper is the last survivor of the plucky little band of young men who accompanied Dr. Leichardtto Port Essington in 1846, on which occasion Mr. Eoper was the first to j discover the river which was called after him. Mr. Boper lost an eye and was other , wise severely wounded by the blacks, when j poor Gilbert, the naturalist was killed. | Exploring was arduous work in the early i days. There was no potted or nutritious meats in condensed and portable forms in those days ; and no water bags and com fortable tents-it was all privation and hardship from the start. Mr. Boper was a resident of Albury for many years; he was | one of the alderman and an energetic towns- j men, and also one of the first magistrates. . A GIRL CRICKETER.-Dr. W. G. Grace (says an English paper) has a very charm ing young daughter, who is also a cricketer, and a good one. She is the Bonnor of her sex, and a big bitter when the bowling is loose. She is the very picture of a well built athletic British maiden, as she stands at the wicket in her spotless cream flannels and straw hat. Spectators who have come j to scoff remain to wonder at the easy way ; in which she masters the bowling. Among | the ranks of her admiring school-fellows may be seen occasionally, on a half-holi day, the black-bearded, stalwart figure of the champion, applauding his daughter's "fours," and revelling in her inherited prowess. He is very proud of his daugh ter, and actually allowed her to take a whole term's holiday from school to accom pany him when he went to Australia with I j Lord Hawke's Eleven. She "practised" i i with the eleven every day on board ship, { and altogether had a good time. Miss j Grace is a good musician. She is 14 years j of age. ! EXPENSIVE AMUSEMENT.-"Will Honey | comb writes: I must say I agree with Sir | George Dibbs' action in striking from the military estimates that <£30,000 which the j Major-General required for a military | camp at Easter. If things were all right 1 -if prosperity were on the land and the Treasury was troubled with a surplus in i stead of a series of deficits-one might not i object to giving a pic-nic to our volunteers. I But when men are being dismissed right and left, and every miserable little dodge | is being patronised in order to save a pound ! j or two and thus bring expenditure within i ] income-it would be scarcely proper throw- ] i ing away -£30,000 to make a holiday for ' ! our citizen soldiers. No doubt many of i j them have looked forward to those Easter | camps with pleasurable feelings, but as | most of us in these, times have to forgo 1 little luxuries, they ought not to growl if I they are compelled to do as others do. I j admit that if I were a volunteer I shonld I not like to miss that cheap railway trip to j Sydney and the 10s. a day. But one can't j always have what he likes, and if the j volunteers are compelled to pay for their 1 holidays, instead of being paid to enjoy j them, they should not grumble. <£30,000 I would feed a lot of hungry people, and if ! the money were to be spent at all it would I be better to devote it to feeding the hungry | and housing the homeless than waste it in ! blank cartridge and marching and counter I marching. THE CONDEMNED MAN GLASSON.-The ! Executive Council has met, and after con j sidering the report of the Medical Board j decided that the law should take its course in the case of Glasson. The judge (Sir George Innes) was present when the exe j cutive considered the case. There is no | doubt as to the prisoner's sanity. He may j have lost his nead, when he killed Mr. Phillips and butchered Miss Cavanagh," but he was undoubtedly as sane as any ! ordidary mortal when/he started to rob the | City Bank. He probkbly never meant to murder. Neither does the burglar, when ; he gets through the window and finds his i way into the plate room, but when he meets ! obstruction and shoots down the man who ! wants to seize him, it is nonsense to say he ] is mad. The plea in Glasson's case-and 1 now that the Executive has decided one f can say what it would have been rather in | decent to have said before the matter was i finally decided-can on no grounds be sup t ported. It was simply put forward, as a | very last chance of saving tfye fellow | from "suffering the fate he so richly de j serves. Glasson's crime was downright j butchery. It had in all the elements of cruelty, and the evidence left him no loop hole. I {writes a Sydney .eor.) suppose he i will be hanged in three weeks or a month's I time. No doubt every effort will be made j to save him-to obtain a respite- but there appears to be no possible chance for him. THE LIVING VICTIM OP THE LATE AWFUL TRAGEDT.-Mrs. Phillips, the wife of one of Glasson's victims, and who was nearly done to death by the murderer, has arrived in Sydney. She hovered for days and weeks between life and death, and at one lime it was thought the great shock and the awful wound she received would prove too much for her. The careful nursing and the at tention bestowed on her by her Carcoar friends pulled her through, and now she is able -to move about. A friend (writes a Sydney correspondent) who has seen her since her arrival in Sydney says she looks very pale-more like a ghost than a human being*. Her face is pale and bloodless, and her eyes sunken and lack-lustre. It is not to be wondered at, poor woman. She has had an awful experience, and how she got through it, goodness only knows. It is thought here that the City Bank will give her an annuity. Some say the corporation will not be nice and put her down for .£300 per annum. It is to be hoped so, for cer tainly though poor Phillips was unable to defend himself, he did all he could to pre vent the bank being robbed, and he lost his life in the defence of the Corporation pro perty. DENTISTRY.-G. E. "Webb, D.D.S.,B.D.S., Surgeon Dentist, of High-street, West Maitland, visits Armidale the 2nd and 4th M&nday; in each month, when he may be consulted at Kickham's Imperial Hotel from 9 a.hi. till 9 p.m. Artificial Teeth. Latest Improvements. Teeth filled with Gold. Painless Extractions by Gas. Date of next visit, Monday, Nov. 27th.-ADVT. Wolfe's Schnapps is in every respect a standard remedy, the measures of whose popularity is its acknowledged desert.. Buy , whole bottles. Wolfe's Schnapps iB an efficient curative for disordered stomach,.liver, and bowels as' for compMints, debility and kidney troubles. 1 ' FEEDING TRAVELLERS.-In chatting with, one of the most liberal squatters, in this, or any other district, he said that feeding travellers was a great tax upon thepastora lists' resources. Many of those who passed' through were loafers pure and simple, but said he " I would sooner feed 10 loafers than see one good man go away hungry." No doubt this fact is pretty well known to those who are daily "padding the hoof,'* and advantage is taken of it, but we (In verell TIMES) are not going to increase his burden by revealing his identity- If we did that, we are afraid he would have little or no station left, for the travellers' name is legion. SEVERE STRICTURES ON A CONSTABLE.-* The TWEED HERALD writes: When the two cases B. Stuart v. Constables George Howe and J. L. Brown were decided by the Bench yesterday (Friday week), Mr. J. Bray, the P.M., made some remarks to Constable Brown. He said: " According to the evi dence it is proved that you said to Stuarfc you'd make it hot for him. We don't pay policemen to make it hot for anybody. IE you think you are going to ride the horse rough-shod over the people of Cudgen, you make a mistake. This case savours of police persecution, and I won't have it-I won't allow any of that kind of thing here while I am on the bench. You are destroy ing all your usefulness as a policeman, and in future your cases will have to be sup ported by other evidence than your own. You demanded his tobacco license at the same time you gave him a summons. Licenses should be demanded properly, not as you did the other day. I have charge of these tiiings and I won't have it. I have always been for upholding the police in their actions, but when a thing of this kind turns up, it alters matters altogether/* In the first case, which was one of insult ing language in a public thoroughfare, de fendant was fined 5s., with 7s. 8<L costs of court, 21s. professional costs, and 20s. wit nesses' expenses. The ease against Brown was for using threatening language; and he was fined 5s., with 7s. costs of court, and 21s. professional costs. THE INLAND TRADE.-Further shipments of goods for Armidale arrived by the Kalla tina yesterday (says Tuesday's Grafton EXAMINER), and this week 24 tons to ar rive for Hillgrove on Tuesday, will repre sent over 50 tons that will be on the Armi dale road upward this week. Eight to ten teams are also loading about 40 tons for Glen Innes, so that close upon 100 tons will be en route for the tableland this week. THE SWEEPS.-The recent legislation on the subject of sweeps, etc., has had a dis astrous effect on the consultation business carried on by Mr. George Adams, of Tat tersall's. His 100,000 sweep on the Mel bourne Cup has closed with only 60,000 subscribers, and the other consultations promoted by him have not been more suc cessful. But the business may revive if the Queensland Government does not fol low the lead of New South Wales and Vic toria with respect to legislation affecting sweeps. I (writes the Sydney cor. of the Grafton EXAMINER) believe it does not in tend to take that course. Sir Thomas Mil wraith is of the opinion that the Stats cannot differentiate between consultations and betting on racecourses, and that if actions were taken against the former, con sistency would require the Government to suppress the latter. But public opinion not being yet in favour of the suppression of betting, the consultations will be tole rated. The totalisator business here is more active than ever; it is estimated that; there are five hundred tote shops in the city; I know a great many, and in the majority of them the transactions are of an extensive character. Whatever the State may, or may not do, thousands of the peo ple in Sydney will gamble on horse races. The gambling;,spirit is in them, and ex pression will be given to it in defiance o£ all authority. A MARVELLOUS ESCAPE.-A marvellous escape from death by electricity occurred at Holidon (says the Toowoomba CHRON ICLE) in the earlier part of last week. One afternoon, between two and three o'clock, two boys wiere driving a calf homewards. There were heavy clouds about, and a small one overhead, from which a few drops of light rain fell. All at once a sudden flash of lightning sped downwards, and struck the two boys to the ground. The calf was also struck down, and rolled over and over several times before he regained his feet. The boys lay in an unconscious state for several minutes, and it was some time before they quite recovered from the shock. One of them did not bear the slightest trace of contact with the electric current but the other, who is a son of Mr. Russell, a well known farmer in the Helidon district, from whom we have received this informa tion, showed plainly the mark of the elec tricity. A bluish streak on the forehead, extending down the face and on the indicated the course of the electric current^ and how the boy escaped is one of those marvels which are unexplainable. The ! boys describe their sensations as if a sud den weight had suddenly fallen on their heads, and impelled them to sink fiat on the ground. Such an experience is seldom witnessed, and the boys' escape is truly marvellous. SLAUGHTER HOUSES.-It may be hoped that Grafton (writes the EXAMINER'S Syd ney cor.) is not affected by the tremendous condemnation of country slaughter houses contained in an official report that was laid upon the table of the Assembly the other day. If the statements contained in that report are true, and there is no reason for concluding that they axe not, one wonders that such, nuisances as these slaughter houses have been shown to be, are tolerated. What can the people in the towns, who have to consume the meat pre pared in such dens of filth, be thinking about. Conversing a few weeks ago with Professor Anderson Stuart on this subject, he remarked that one of these days a plague would break out in some of the country towns that would sweep off a large proportion of the population. He is not an alarmist, but a sober- minded Scotchman.. Also, he has a thorough knowledge of sani tary subjects. The slaughter houses in Sydney are, for the most part, models of cleanliness, and there is, therefore, no oc casion for alarm in connection with them. Preliminary notice of intention to cancel a certain gold-mining lease.-The Mount Moor G.M.Co. (no-liability), 150, p. Woods reef. - Gold-mining lease refused.-T. M'Lennan andothers/at Cell's Cxeek. ZNVE&ELX..-We; have it on. good author ity that the " boss" wool load of the season left Gurley last -week-pretty near an ordi nary drogher load-14 tons 2cwt., Mr. Schneider, carrier, with 26 bullocks* strength. The wool was conveyed on a table top waggon.-Mr. Bloore caught a fish in the M'lntyre, on Thursday, weigh ing over lllbs.-Mr. Surveyor Laing, a well-known former townsman, visited In verell a few days ago. He informs us that the weather at Moree, when he left, was becoming uncomfortably hot.-A cod fish was caught a day or two ago in the Big Biver, near Boolooroo, and was brought into town. It was weighed at Magee's store, and turned the scales at 33l!>s. Business is not too brisk even now, de spite the shearing season.-Local papers, j BAND PIC-NIC.-Notwithstanding coun- ! ter attractions at Uralla and Hxllgrove, j the pic-nic to Gnyra, inaugurated by the | Armidale Brass Band for Thursday last j (Prince of Wales' Birthday) was in every i manner a suceess, both to promoters and ; pleasure-seekers. For quite an hour pre- , vious to the departure of the train from Ar- j mi dale holiday- seekers, including "all 1 sorts and conditions of people" began to j make their appearance at the railway sta tion, the majority being laden with the good things necessary to sustain life dur ing such outings. As the time approached for departure the platform presented a gay appearance, and resounded with the hum of merry laughter, indicating that every one was " light and hearty" and bent on enjoyment. When the signal for de parture was given every available seat was occupied, and a good many people found it difficult to procure standing room. On ar rival of the train at Guyra the Band played a selection outside the platform while the excursionists betook themselves to the trysting place, some half-a-mile dis tant, on the banks of Lake Kincoola. Dur ing the day games usual at such outings were indulged in to the utmost. A goodly number of the lovers of Terpsichore tripped the light fantastic toe on the green sward to the strains of the band. The boats were in great request on every trip round the lake, while many preferred to roam at their own sweet will round the shores of the water and watch events. A great number of pic-nickers adjourned to Stevenson's hotel at lunch tame, where a sumptuous repast was provided by the host and done full justice to. The ice-cream and fruit stalls were also well patronised. The Band committee worked well to ensure the pleasure of all, and deserve the mone tary success that attended their efforts. The weather, although a trifle warm, was all that could be desired until the pleasure seekers had retraced their steps to the railway station when a slight shower fell. A start was made for home at 5.45, the train reaching Armidale a little after 7, ?*T>A2 judging by the general remarks, everyone enjoyed themselves .to the ut most. *CHESS TOURNAMENT.-On Thursday last a telegraphic chess tournament was held between the Armidale Chess Club's A and B teams versus Wagga and Maifcland re spectively. The local Land Board Court room was placed at the disposal of the Club for the occasion, and two instruments were up in the room by the telegraph department, who also made arrangements for two operators to be in attendance. Very great interest was taken in the play, and the room was occupied during the day by a large number of the general public. .fiWh of the contestants were allowed a table, on which his board and pieces were placed, and the umpires were the means of communication between them. and. the operators. Owing to a storm, which oc curred thte afternoon between Syd ney and Wagga, the wires were seriously interfered with and delayed the play. When the operations were suspended at about 5.30 pjn. neither of the games were playedout. Inthe Wagga matches, from the general appearance of the games, it seemed as though the results would have been about equal if they had been played out, which must*be deemed as creditable to Ar midale, seeing that the Wagga Club is reckoned the strongest country combina tion in the colony. The B team, as far as the games were played, had somewhat the best of it with the Maitland B's, Mr. Solo mon's opponent resigning to him subse sequently. A number of the games will be submitted to a chess authority to arbi trate upon. The following are the results of the A team and Wagga: Mr. J. A. An till had a decided win for Armidale. Mr.' Schoefield, after a brilliant game, resigned to Wagga. Mr. Glass made a draw by consent. Mr. J. T. French met the cele brated lady player, Mrs. Graham. At the conclusion of the day's play Armidale had a pawn ahead and best position. Mr. Simpson had slightly the worst of the game. Mr. H. W. Lane secured a bishop for the loss of two pawns and had a good position. Mr. Lofberg had virtually a lost game for Armidale. CONCEBT ASD SOCIAL.-Owing to the very unfavourable weather on Thursday evening the attendance at the concert held in the new Town Hall in aid of the E. C. Cathedral Building Fund was not nearly so large as was anticipated. The weather during the day was delightful, but towards evening the sky became overcast and the atmosphere chilly, and at about 7.45 a heavy rain set in, accompanied by an al most continuous roll of thunder and vivid lightning flashes. Those who had secured tickets and had made up their minds to braved the elements; but large numbers who had intended to be present; were reluctantly compelled to remain at i home. The front seats were well filled, ; but the back seat occupants were limited, j A well selected programme of vocal and Instrumental selections was gone through | without a hitch, with the exception of the unavoidable absence of Mr. W. Buchanan, .who was down for two vocal numbers. Overtures (piano) were very nicely ren dered by Mr- G. Mitchell, as was also a violin solo by Mr. S. H. Donnelly. The lady vocalists were Mrs. Courtney and Misses Trim and Quinn, the gem of the evening being undoubtedly the duet, "Sainted Mother" (Maritana) by Mrs. Courtney and Miss Trim. Among the gentlemen soloists were Brother Laurence and Messrs. H. Weaver, J. Styles, J. M'DoweU, A, and W. Donnelly. Mr. Styles received an enthusiastic encore and several boquets for his rendering of " Yes! jiefc me Like a Soldier Fall" (Maritana), ? Mr. McDowell was encored for "The i Bugler" (Emsuti), and Mr. Weaver scored | successes in " I Fear no Foe" (Sullivan.), ; and " Thy Sentinel am I" (Watson). At : the conclusion of the concert a social was held, and for which a large number at tended expressly. It was intended to hold ; the gathering in the old Town Hall, but ( this was found to be altogether too sma.lli ; and the large hall was consequently cleared for the occasion. The music was supplied ; by Mr. Cooper's string band, and dancing ! was kept up till about 3 o'clock on Friday ; morning, the company thoroughly enjoy ? ing themselves, notwithstanding the un favourable weather. Refreshments were ; laid out in the supper room, the excellence | of the viands and the plentiful supply re | fleeting the forethought of the committee [ of ladies who undertook this branch of the ; arrangements. j THE LABOUR PLATFOBM.--At the labour conference on Friday it was decided, against the wishes of the labour members and by a majority of 23 votes, that the fiscal question shall be sunk by the party at the next election. The platform of the party was arranged as follows: 1. Land value taxation. 2. Mining on private pro perty. 3. Abolition of the Upper House and the introduction of the referendum. 4\. Loeal government on a democratic basis. 5. Compulsory eight hours. 6. Establishment of a national bank. CBUSHINGS.-West Sunlight Beef G.M. | Co.: The battery has worked nearly full | time during the past fortnight, and has. crushed 360 tons, nearly all from the bot tom level, for a yield of 2I9ozs. 4dwts. smelted gold.-Grlen Elgin Gr.M. Co.: The usual monthly clean up has just taken place at the battery, we (GTJAEOIAK) are in formed with very satisfactory results, the company with wages men getting 26oz. of smelted gold from 24 tons of stone, and the tributors 24ozs. from 28 tons. A MOTHER'S ACT OF BBAVERY.-What would undoubtedly have proved a fatal drowning accident was averted by a mo ther's heroism at Copmanhurst during the early part-of this week (says the Grafton AEGOS). Mrs. A Pheruister, Jun., with se veral members of her family, left home for a walk, and when they reached the bank of the river one of her boys, about 12 years of age, expressed-a strong desire to have a swim. Although he could not swim his mother eventually allowed him to go in the water. For some little time he paddled about in safely, but gradually worked out towards the deeper water, and got beyond his depth. His mother noticed the danger just when he was sinking, and although she could not swim, immediately jumped to his rescue, with her clothes on. She suc ceeded in reaching him as he was sinking below the surface, but was unable to bring him to the bank. Fortunately her clothes held her above water for a sufficient length of time to enable her to catch hold of some snags in the river. To these she clung, still holding the boy, and the repeated cooeying of those on the bank drew the at- j teation of' Messrs. J. Watson and D. Mi- i chad, who were fishing in a boat a quarter of a mile distant. They immediately came to the rescue, and brought the mother and child in safety from their precarious situa tion. One of the daughters attempted to rescue them before the arrival of the two men, but being also unable to swim she was prevented. Had it not been in the , first instance for the mother's bravery the boy would undoubtedly have been drowned ! and the snags in the river prevented a dual j drowning1. SNAJEE BITE.-On Thursday last several lads proceeded to the ILocks to enjoy a dip in the creek, and whilst they were pre paring for the plunge, Willie Miller, a lad about 12 years of age, son of Mr. William Miller, was bitten on the leg by a black snake. With Commendable forethought and pluck Jos. Ahern, son of Mr. J. Ahern, made a ligature with his bootlace and then sucked the punctures made by the reptile. Unfortunately the lads were not quick enough to kill the snake. Young ivmw was brought with all speed into Armidale -the other lads being compelled to carry him on their backs-and taken to Dr. Mallam, who adopted the necessary reme dies, and we are pleased to say the boy is very little the worse for the awkward adventure. Too much praise cannot be bestowed on Jos. Ahern for his prompt and plucky action, which we commend to all those who may find themselves placed in a similar dangerous predicament. P. & A. ASSOCIATION.-A general meeting of the committee of the A. and N. E. P., A., and H. Association was held on Friday af ternoon, Mr. E. Eoberts, V.P., in the chair. A letter was read from Mr. E. White, ten t dering his resignation as president of the association, and a resolution was passed asking- Mr. White to reconsider the matter and to hold office until the end of the term. The report of the sub- committee appointed to revise the prize schedule was received and adopted, with slight alterations, the amount of the prizes totalling about £400. It was decided to offer a special prize of .£10 for the best collection of farm produce in trophy form, and an amount was subscribed in the room towards the prize. Mr, W, Eelton was elected on the committee, vice Mr. C. A. Jackes, resigned. A deal of rou tine business was transacted, and the meet ing adjourned. A. M. P. SOCIETY.-Attention is directed to the announcement in another column of a lecture-entertainment to-morrow (Wed nesday) evening by Mr. Derrington, who is travelling through the colonies as special lecturer under the auspices of the A. M. P. | Society. The Press notices of these engage ments have been invariably favorable, and a pleasant evening may be anticipated none the less enjoyable because no charge will be made for admission. Ladies, we observe, are specially invited. ALBION C.C.-A well attended meeting of the members of the above cricket club j was held at the Club Hotel on Saturday | evening, Mr. F. H. Galbraith in the chair, j W. Seabrook and J. O'Dea were elected on | the selection committee, vice H. Crossman ; and D. Claverie, resigned. The following ! were elected a general committee and re j quested to draw up a code of rules for the ; guidance of the club: Messrs. Galbraith, j O'Dea, J. Seabrook, Wickerson, and H. j Williams, the Secretary and Treasurer ex ; officio members of. the committee. The ! special committee reported that things I were progressing favourably for the social | on Wednesday, 22nd inst., and that Mr. J LovelTs string band had been engaged for the occasion. THE BIBLE SOCIETY.-The Bev. Henry T. Bobjohns, M.A., preached on Sunday morn ing last at the Wesleyan Church on the ever flowing river of Bible translation, trac ing the stream, from the first translation immediately after the return of the He brews from the exile, until now that the scriptures are standing in 350 languages. He showed that the cause of this diffusion was a something in the Bible that appealed ! to the heart of man everywhere. The cha ? racteristic of the river and its effects were i briefly but graphically sketched. In the evening he delivered, in the Presbyterian Church, a missionary address on colportage, pointing out its plaee in Bible work, its necessity, how it arose, the characteristics of the men engaged, the extent of the ope rations, and their wonderful results. The annual meeting of the Armidale Auxiliary comes off to-night, when we understand Mr. Bobjohns will speak of the newest as pects of Bible work throughout the world. DEATH OF MRS. SCHOFIELD.-Mrs. Ellen Schofield, a lady of wealth connected with the Wesleyan Church, the relict of the late Hev. William Schofield, and well known for her liberality to the various Wesleyan churches and institutions in the metropolis and throughout the colony, died at her late residence, Bondi House, Bondi, on the morning of November 9. The deceased lady, whose maiden name was Holroyd, was born at Leeds, Yorkshire, England, nearly 82 years ago, and came to New South Wales about the year 1853. For some time she was engaged in scholastic work, and after wards became the wife of the late Mr. Jas. Barker, of Sydney, but in the short space of two years was left a widow. Some years afterwards she was married to the Bev. W. Schofield, who at his death in 1878 left most of his property, then up wards of «£40,0Q0, to the Wesleyan Church, to be known as the " Sch&field; Perpetual Loan Fund Without Interest," the income from which was reserved to Mrs. Schofield during her lifetime. During her second widowhood, she has very liberally contri buted to various interests of the Wesleyan Church, performed many acts of benevo lence unknown to any but her trusted friends, as well as increasing the property which she had her in own right at marriage. It is understood, following the example of Mr. Schofield, nearly the whole has been bequeathed for church purposes. The funeral of the deceased lady took place on Saturday morning at the Waverley Ceme tery, and attended by large numbers. The foundation of vigour once sapped the entire superstructure must soon tum ble-a hopeless ruin. Make the founda tion sure by using Wolfe's Schnapps. 