THE' BARBER'S GHOST. Night was coining on apace ; a piercing east oind wildly scattered before it the thick flakes of snow, which were descend in: o'as completely to obliterate all traces of the path through a- lonely moor, over which, a traveller was journeying, with the lioie of reachinji a village, where he inteuded :tot remainzfor the night. He wasan entire stranger in those parts, inrd such was the nature of the country that, inder the most favourable circueiastauces, he would have experienuced some difliculty in threading the niazes of the wild di, trictheiliad to tr*icrse.. In this dilenaina, as his only resource, he commnitted hiniself to the guidance of his horse, concludingthat the instinct" of the.noble animal was mblch, batter adapted ,to the emergency thanl his own reason, be wildered as it was.'--The faithful and sa gacjous cr~eatire fully.justified the confi deuce .repost' in him; hlie- pursued his wlurse stoic ll ik ti siely,.aod.iqa, few hours'the traveller, to his indescrib able joy, discerned a faint glimmering light in the horizon. ' By this time, he was almost an icicle, and was frozen so fast to the saddle that; horse and rider, like the fabled centaur, formed one body. The noblelbrute to whose superior sagacity, a' "lord of the creation," on this occasion, was indebted for his safety, continued to pursue his course, until at length the traveller, more dead than alive, arrived at a 'venerable and spacious-looking mansion, which. ap peared to havew been in former days a castle, as some of the battlenients, the moat and the gothic gateway were still re maining. However, as lights appeared in the win dows, and sounds of revelry were heard from within, the stranger did not hesitate to avail himself of the knocker to an nounce his arrival ; and after a short in terval, the door was opened. Judge his surpriso and satisfaction at finding himself ushered into a spacious area, the scene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts and tournaments, but which had by modern improvement' been converted into a stable yard, for the accommodation of horses. Some parts of the castle itself -for such it was-were transformed into comfortable accommodations for travel lers. many of whom were now safely housed, secure from the pelting of.the pitiless storm. Our traveller was with difficulty de. tached from his horse, and was shown into the spacious kitchen, in'the inglenook of which no was thawed down to his natural shape and dimensions, but not before his grotesque appearance had afforded ample merriment to the guests "who were ca rousing there. As our guest' was a wag and a humorist, he avowed to himself that lie would be even with them for their mis timed jokes ; and he was as good as his word, as you will see. After paying a visit to his trusty steed, and seeing him well fed and foddered, he inquired of the landlady if he could be ac commodated with a bed for himself ; but what was his vexation on hearing that the rooms were all engaged, except one apart ment into which no traveller ever chose to enter, as it was reputed to be haunted by the spirit of an unfortunate barber, who had cut his throat there some three webks before ; since which catastrophe the roomn was regarded -wit ':o-mehac-dred that not a servant in the house could' be persuaded to enter it. Our traveller was not aman to be terri fied by the idle fears of ghosts ; and as it was out of the question to budge that night, he expressed his determination to sleep in the haunted chamber, and a thought which crossed his mind confirmed his resolution. The difficulty was to pre vail upon the servants to enter the room to make a fire and prepare a bed; but by dint of a certain argument the traveller persuaded them to enter in a body, heading and encouraging them him. self. At length, everything was arranged for the accommodation of the rash and presumptuous stranger, as he .was con sidered by everyone in the house, from the landlord to the boots. Our traveller, after partaking of a hearty supper, ordered his bottle and. pipe to be carried up-stairs, observing that it was his intention to sit up awhile to await the coming of the spirit, and to question him about the dreadful secret that preyed upon his mind and prevented him from resting quietly in his grave. The landlady, who admired the courage of her guest, while she regretted his rash ness, bade him "Good night," with " Heaven bless you, sir," which she uttered in a tone of misgiving rather than. hope, as if she doubted whether she would ever see him again: Our traveller lighted his pipe and awaited the issue very composedly. The clock struck twelve, the high change hour of ghosts., but no spirit ap peared. The storm had now increased to a perfect hurricane, and the guests seemed resolved to sit it out,' as they had formed themselves into a party at hazard. Our traveller had, during the night, heard fre quest allusions made to himself, some of the company woldering what would be-' come of him when the castle bell should toll one, which was the signal for the ghost to appear. This was news for our tra veller which he did not fail to turn to im mediate advantage, by setting about his preconceived design of acting the part of ghost himseilf. With this view, he converted one of his sheets into a very appropriate spectral robe, around his neck he tied a red garter, to represent the wound inflicted.by the deceased barber onhis throat. A piece of burnt cork enabled him to disguise his face and render it sufficieutly hideous; and, to orown all, a night-cap with a large tassel, with death's head and cross-bones reipresented in front by means of the. aforesaid burnt cork. It was now on.the stroke of one; and, as if to. second, his viewse, the company were just then intent on their game; there was not a minute to be lost; something, however, was'needed to comDlaetehis costume.. He.thought soe spirit of cue barber could not be more appropriatelycequipped than with a razor in one haud and a shaving-box ii/ the other. 'His portmanteau soon'supplied these requisite appendages, when it sud denly occurred to him that it would greatly heighten the effect if burning spirit were substituted for the ordinary lather. The remnant in the bottle readily furnished him with the inflammable lather. Conceive himn ready for action, awaitingihe awful signal from:the castle turret. . ' It sounded at length, and our,ghost, having lighted up the ethereal contents of his lather-box, stalked out of the room with a heavy, tread. The strange sound and the ominous toll of the boll instantly pistan endto all noise and revelry amongst the terrified gamblers. With one kick the spectre forced open the door, and pre sented himself to the horror stricken com. SThe ghost deemed it prudent not to allow them to rally their senses; but a a climax to the scenei holding the razor in one hand aud the shaving box in the other, io a dee, hollow voice said "Will you be shaved 1" i There .is: 'something iufficiently dies greeable in the sight of? a naked! razer" brandished in a menacing attitude, but the idea of being shaved by a ghost, and brushed with inflammable lather, is too much for human nerves. The company all rose in an instant; and, as there was fortanately a back door in the room lead. ing to the kitchen stairs, through that they precipitated themselves necks and heels, never stopping until they reached the bottom, where they lay sprawling in speechless terror. Meanwhile the ghost was not idle; his robe served as an apron, into which he collected all the money on the table. He then extinguished the candles and retired to his room, chuckling at the complete success of his scheme. \- How the routed guests recovered from their fright would be superfluous to re late ; suffice it to say, that at last they retired in fear and trembling to their beds, without once thinking of the money they had left behind them, in the apart ment where the ghost so unexpectedly in terrupted their revelry. rang his bell for the waiter; no. the house dared answer thesume, when he at length made his apjiearancse- below, all seemed to shrink from his pre sence as if it were a second supernatural visitation. He called for his breakfast, but no breakfast was forthcoming, and he was surveyed at a distance swith glances of suspicion and dread. At length, however, he succeeded in persuading the landlady, who was a woman of good understanding, that he •was the identical stranger who had slept in the haunted chamber, and that he was really flesh and. blood, and not a ghost. This assurance he confirmed by a cordial shake of the hand, accompanied by a good. natured laugh at the fears which his ap pearance had occasioned. The good lady at length summoned courage toenter into conversation with him, and inquired bow he had passed the night. - "Never better," was the reply "Did you hear nothing 1" "Nothing,'.he replied. "Nor see anything 1" "Why, yes,"a id~he, with an air of in difference ; "an impudent scoundrel of a barber popped his head into my room at one o'clock in the morning, and asked if I wanted to beh siaved. I supposed the fellow was drunk, and so, I kicked him down stairs, and fell asleep again." As the weather continued tempestuous, the guests remained in their quarters to dinner: and our traveller joined them at the table. The conversation naturally turned to the occurrence of the preceding evening; and the hero of the tale was much amused at the different accounts given of the ghost. I One insisted that it was that of the barber most unquestion ably, as he was very well acquainted with him: A second observed that although he had never seen the barber while liv ing, he had seen a calital likeness of him, and that it was as like the ghost as two peas. Another protested that the fire came from his mouth and nostrils, and that his voice resembled that of the un fortunate man who had committed suicide in the chamber which his troubled spirit nightly revisited.. At length our friend, requesting .per mission to be heard, thus addressed the ,ompany- "Gentlemen, I love a joke as well as anys'man;-tut a-joke may be carried too fr`fec; 6thIa asth5i bsheaan;lasste-o eta aa surd as it .is mischievoue, -I sahoi d"be sorry that we should part without an ex planation. Behold here before you, gentle men, the identical ghost that spread such consternation amongst you When I mn tered this inn last night you were pleased to be very merry at my expense; and as I always give a Roland for an Oliver, I vowed I would be revenged. The idle re port of the ghost in the haunted chamber suggested to me the` scheme I practised with so much success. If you doubt my word;, gentlemen, behold the, money you left behind in your hurry, and which I bore off with the intention of restoring to you, as I 'nw do." " As he said this, he unfolded a handker chief and deposited the gold upon the table. The explanation, accompanied as it was by the unexpected recovery of the cash, produced a -universal roar of laughter. The guests shook the tra veller by the hand, heartily thanking him for a lesson they should never forget to the last hour. of their lives. 