Was it it Gliost They Saw t Mrs. H. H. Jennings lives at No. 211, Main street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The kouao is cn old oao, bat in good order. One night early in Decem ber, 1891, the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the liouie, They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half past eleven tliey returned, nnd entered tbo houte laughing end (siting. Bat as they Went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a seoond. Right in the mid dle of Uie room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. Tbe upper part of his face was con oe&lod; by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. Ilia shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand be carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled scream ing from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later ho fouud no ooe in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw P "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly for several succesiiv-e nights. On the fourth of these nighls about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by tohat seemed like the calling of my name; and at tho foot of the bod stood the image of my mother just as she looked five yeats before, as she was leaving home to go on a journoy, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed end fainted. I was foolish enough to toll of it, and the local o Id women gossips said it was a summons and I would never Ret well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health noiv. I bclievo that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's co end to the Irioks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, thai Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darracott-road, Pokeadown, Hants, wrote us as follows" I u>ae so dreadfully nervout I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not with them far away from me in case I should call out for help. Ttiia was in Juno, 1889. 1 slept very badly, and in the morning felt little tho better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and 1 was weak most of the time. My skin wss dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The dootor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and oould not retain even that on my stomach. By this time 1 was nothing but skin and bone. ily memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought|I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, callcd and asked me what I was taking- She told me she was herself onco just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigol's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days was able to walk across the room, and by the end of a week was able to walk downstairs. Now I am as well ss ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous pro stration. The original caUBe was grief and shook at the loss of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the syrup had given new vigour to the digestion ana thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of tbe Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and eounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves «U upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts oomo from the inside of tho person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and oars entertain only what is natural and wholesame. 