Tondcre are invited in oar advertising columns, returnable on Tuesday, April 11th., for roofing with galvanised iron tho "Wes- leyan Church, Avoca. The Moyreisk and Redbank -Sports -were bold on Wodnesday and proved most successful. Tbe full report will appear in our next issao. Wo regret to learn of tho doath of Mr J. Busby's infant daughter, which sad event occurred yesterday morning. Tho local option poll 'which takes placo at, the instanco of Mrs Wilson, of Wattle Grovo, will be held on Friday, tho 21st in stant, and wo hope thoso interested will not forget tlio date. Accounts await payment nt tho local sub- Treasury to T. McHugh, Ah Woo, Avooa Shire Council (2). At n meeting of tho Avoca Progress Committee held last week, there were prcs- sent tbo President (Mr M. M. Wiso), and Messrs Hays, Gregory, Kayo and Barbat. It was reported that tlio Lamplongh com pany's property had been sold and some thing definite would bo known in a few days, it was, therefore, decided to bold over the question of the disposal of tho Prospect ing grant until next meeting. It was de cided to urge upon tho Railway Commission ers the advisability of asphalting tho plat form at tho local railway station. It was then decided to bold tlio Annual meeting of tho Committee on Thursday, April 20th, whon threo members aro to bo olectcd in tbo room of those retiring by effluxion of timo. We trust there will bo a good atten dance of the public that ovening. The revenue for the year ended 31st March last, compared with tlio previous year, shows an incrcaso of £105,000. Tho cornparativo receipts for tho quarter show a falling off of £140.000, principally in Customs duties. Tho result was not nltogetber unexpected, as last year's tariff has produced many articles of produce, such as bre«d»stuffi, which are not now imported. 1 The first meeting of tho Natto Yallock Band of Hope recently formed was held in the Werleyan Church on Good Friday oven ing. Notwithstanding tho threatening as pect of tho weather there was a good atton dance. Ths chair was 'occupied by Mr G. M. Clark, of Maryborough, who also ad dressed the meeting, giving a ' Curiosity Box" lesson, which was attentively listened to. A very interesting programme was pre sented consisting of recitations and choruses by tlio junior monitors, thoso taking part boing Misses Amy nnd Annio Ivory, Con- staoco and E. Hellyor, Boag and others. Each item was well given and reflected great credit on the performers. The programme over, new members were enrolled, after which the officers woro elected as follows : — President — Mr H. Mills, Ben. ; Vice- Presidents— Messrs Hellyer snd Moore; Secretary— Miss Esther Mills ; Treasurer- Mrs Ilollyer; Registrar — Miss Mills; Committee— Misses Field, Henderson, K. Boag, Mrs Mills, and Messrs Yourn, flen- dorson, J. Mills, H. Millskjunr., M. Evans, T. Jones, W.' Archer And W. Rodman. Subsequently the Committeo met and de cided to hold its ordinary fortnightly meet ings on a Friday ovoning ; clioso u plodgo of membership ; fixed tho amount of fort nightly subscriptions and tirns of coinmenc- 1 ing the meetings," eto. In orilor lo givo the I Society as good an- impetus at starting as I possible, a social was field on Eastor Monday night in the samo building. No charge was mado for admission, anifvalh woro heartily -welcomed, tho lesultbeing-'that a very largo number pnt in an nppc'arnncp. Mr Hellyor occupiod the chair on this occasion and con- duclod matterB in an able way ' as though to the manner born." Tho first' part of tho proceedings consislod of recitations, etc., whioh wero ably rendered by Missos Ivory and Hellyer anil Rev. C. A. Jonkins and Mr G. M. Clark. Two choruses were also nicely sung by several of tbo junior female ! members. Tbo programme concluded, all | gttvo theinsolves up to merry making, and | suoli games as '' Weaving," " Hnvo you seen I tbe ghost," " Mngic Key." Jolly Miilor," j etc., wero cniored into with zest, and " all I wont merry as u wedding bell." During a til 11 in mo prouuuuings rcxresuiiiems wuru handed round by willing bands, and much appreciated by the recipients. A word of & raise is duo to Mrs Hellyer, Airs G. Mills, iisseB Mills (2) Field and Boag, and Messrs Moore, Archer, Yourn, J. and H. Mills and W. Rodman, for their indefatigable efforts to make overyono enjoy themselves. Miss Mills, w'o might state, presided at tho organ 00 both ovenings. Tho evening's enjoyment waB brought lo n termination about half-past ton by tlio singing of the " National An them," " Auld Lang Syne," and "God be witli you," all feeling delighted with tho outing. "Fathor, what does tlio printor livp on ?' "Why, child ?" "Because you sajd you hadn't paid him. for four years, and still take the paper." Wife, epank that child." In Germany the habit of Bmoklng ha9 beeouie so pronpunced among women that an application for separate smoke com partments for women, has been made to tbe railway authorities. Tbe reply was rather curious : — Women who smoke aro men, consequently they may go and smoke with tlio other men." The Minister of Mines intends in the courso of a few weeks visiting the principal mining centres of tho colony to make him self bolter- acquainted with their require ments. To all civil servants at tlio present moment, of course, retrenchment is pictured as tlio "blind fury with tho abhorred shears" of Milton's Lyeldas, threatening over to 'slit,' if not "tho lliin-Bpan life" at least: the attenuated salary. Bnt for ono class, at 'east, retrenchment at the present moment there are sixty-ono rabbit inspectors in the colony, occupied in stirring up mon and dogs continually against the unfortunate 'bunnies.' But a day of peace is about to dawn for tbcHe furry pests. The rabbit inspectors aro ail to bo dismissed to somo -more humano occupation, and the rabbits, unvexod by dogs, and unthreateoed by poison, will be left to nature and tho mounted police. Tho Slate will suvo £15,000 a year, for the present, by this eoonomy. Whother, re marks the "Herald," it will savo anything at all in the long run may, poiliaps be doubted. To hasten tho care of a burn or a scald thoro is nothing more soothing or offcctivo than tlio white of an egg. It is contact wilii the air which makes a burn so pain ful. Tho egg note as a varnish and ex- 1 eludes the air completely, and also pre vents inflammation. At about half-past 2 o'clock on Wednesday morning tho inmates of a bouse tenanted by Mrs Townsend on Dnnelian Estate, Queensland, were startled by. a loud ex plosion, which was beard for ovor half a mile around. On gotting up they discovered tbat a small barrel of powder bad been placod under the bedroom occupied by Mrs Townsend. No sorious damage wob dono to . tho house, A son of Mrs Townsond re ported tbe matter to Senior-constablo Craw ford, who wont down to the creek, and in tho vicinity found hor husband, who bad hnnn nannrfttaH "From lila urifn T/\wnanr»l was Bovoroly disfigured, and had. mado a terriblo gash in his' throat. His clothes werewot, and itappoarcd as if bo had boon in tlio 'creek. Tho constablo then obtained a cab and conveyed Townsend to tho hospital. Tlio Harrow roees were hold on Wednesday, tho courso being in Bplondid order after tho lato rains. A sad accident happened in tlio Hurdle Race. Variolite fell an 1 sovoroly injured hor jockey, "Tiny" Dicey, who died from tho offeots this morn ing. A substantial sum was colleoted in tho town to-day to assist tlio unfortunate jockey's wife, who ia ieft destitute;" " " 'Where ono party lins a statutory right to do a cortain tiling," and another party has a statutory right to do another, says tlio Sydney 'Daily Telegraph' of the 31st ult., and the exorciso of tlio right in tho one case prevents the oxerciso of tho right in tlio other, it will readily bo conceived, oven without tl.o assistance of a lawyer, that a difficult legal position bae arison. This waB practically tho knot which tho Chiof Judge in Equity had to untio ycBtorday, in tlio case of -.he Attorney«Goneral against E. Way and Co. Tbo Telegraph Department has tlio right, by express legislation, to oroct tele- grapli poles in the streets and to ran wires unon thein, providing that tho wiros are not lower than 18 feet from tbe kerbstone. A land owner or tenant also had tbo right, by oxpreBB statute, on obtaining permission from the city authorities, to erect baloonios and veranduliB to any lioight he oboosos. Hi'b Honor admilted that in this caso both were octing on their statutory rights, but I10 laid down the broad principle that wbore, othor things being equal, a right is confarred on a privato individual by statute, and that right came into conflict with a statute right con ferred on a public body, th# right of tlio privato individual must yield to that of tho publio body. In tlu caso of pnttiDg up Btroot wireB tho Telegraph department, how- ovor, cannot roinovo structures already existing, and this suit was decided againBt tho firm on tlio ground that the department was in possession of tho locality first. A fight took placo at San Franoisoo on 1 Wednesday night between Jim Burgo, the well-known Australian pugilist, and Lewis an American. Tbo fight lasted 59 rounds wliuu Burgo was declared tlio winner. Lowis fought gamoiy, after breaking both bands. A curious instanco of tho old adago anent tho lawyer getting the oyster nnd leaving his client the shell, is afforded by a reconl caso in our probato court. The testator willed his property, worth about a thousand pounds, away from his family. His sons disputed tho caso successfully and gained the property. But as the amonnt of their legal advisers' costs exceeded its total valno, they did not reap much reward from that, while tho losing litigants had to pay nearly £700 to tlioirs. Mr Zo.\, M.L.A., recognising that the labor bnrenii, as it is now uarriod on, is of very littlo practical value, has suggested to tho Premier that the system adopted at Lux emburg should bo brought into operation here. At nil tlio poet-offices and post agen cies throughout Luxemburg there' is a work man's registry office, or Bourso du Travail. Employers who want workmen and work- mon who dosiro work, writes their wants on post-cards nnd send them tp the lioad post- offico in Luxemburg. Hero their wants aro registered. In the evening after the last post, a collection is mado of all tbo post cards. T'hcy nro tlion systematically ar ranged and printed, and the next day dis tributed to all tlio post-officos. Tlio Post- office officials then placo the lists in conspicu ous positions, so that all may boo thorn. It is stated that tlio posting of those lists has already been of great service. Parliament will noxt Monday be further prorogued for six weeks. A further pro rogation will be necessary at 1I10 end of that liino,. the beginning of -tho next session being thou fixod .probably for the second waok in; Juno. Mrs Rose, wife of tlio head master of the Brisbane Grammar School, seriously woun ded by a shot from a pea-rifle. Mr Patterson says tlint tlio officers in tho Railway department nro so thickly packed that tlioy fall over each other. " Madamo" Harpur committed for trial at Adelaido, on a charge of committing an illegal operation with a fatal result. Railway Commissioners list of retirements said to differ considerably in several in stances from those supplied by beads of branches. ' . iVi i OLrOir, wiio uiisu unaiuiwii iuu aviib sian Boliring Sea documents fotho United States, lias been dismissed. No cluo as to his motives. Tlio ship Horso, from Now Zealand to London, 19th Dccembor, went nsiioro on tlio Soilly Islands in broad daylight. Crew said to bo saved. , Mr Balfour tolls a Belfast meeting that the majority of tho English will not allow I UlBter to bo tramplod on by tho disloyal subjocts of tho Irish pcoplo. Mr Kibblo told tlio Outer Circle deputa tion on Wednosday morning that ho had no idoa thoro were so many people living on the routo of tho line as lie saw before him. Tho participators in the lato fatal glovo contest at Sydney get off with imprison ment till the rising of the Couit. Bound down to keep tho peace for a year. A daring robbery was perpetrated in Napier-street, Maryborough on Saturday evening last. As Mrs Bartley, wife of the well-known brewer, was proceeding home, a man rushed at hor, and with force took tho contents of her pocket. Airs Bartley's cries alarmed some of the residents in tho neigh borhood, but when they arrived on tho scene her assailant lind made good his eB- capo. The police have tho mattor in hond, Early on Wednesday morning (writes tho Yea .correspondent to tile " Argus") an ex traordinary was issued from tho " Yea Chrouiclo" announcing tho snspension of the Commercial Bank, and as it was the only in stitution represented here the nows created considerable excitement: and alarm.: A couple of sharp men wore on tbe elert and bought up oil tho notes they could pick up at a discount of 10 per cent/ When it be- onmo known on the arrival of tho midday train that the notes would ail bo paid the feelings of tho settlers may be imagined. A branch, of the Commercial was oponcd hero fivo years ego, and Air William Wilson has beon in charge of it from tlio vory beginning till now. A largo and profitable business has always boon dono here, bnt latterly thore were many complnintsof want of accommo dation. Those who grumbled most will now be uble to appreciate tho Bank's position Set ter. Hopes are entertained' that tlio bank will bo able to carrry out its scheme of roconstraction. A number of shares are hold by residents in the district, and it will boa heavy blow if tho bank's efforts at re construction shonld prove fnrile, as nearly everybody in the1 shiro lins a banking ac count and many have, fixed doposits at tho branch here. Tims to tbe extent of £90 wero infiiotod nt tlio Dowling Forest (Ballarat) races on Monday, says tho " Star" on racehorse own ors who neglected eithor to scratch their horses or to weigh ont for the races in which they wore entered. It is somewhat unus ual to see so many instances of negleot. at one meeting, and the stewards, after con sidering the matter, decided to make tiie fine £L0 in each instance. Tho owners of Virago, The Shrew and Decorum will have to contribute £23 encb, and tho owners of Ursula, Woolumbine, aud Silvor King £10 UUUll. Another fatal accident took place at tho Wcntworth Proprietary mine, Lncknow, N.S.W., on Saturday night, by which two men woro killed. Tho mon, whoso nnmeB woro Thomas Nicholls nnd Francis Dobson, wore working in a now shaft drilling a hole for a chargo, iviion an oxplosion occurred. Nicholls was smashed to pieces, while Dob- son had his skull smashed, his hands shat tered, tlio fingors blown off, and bis logs broken in several places. Botli men were married aod bad familios. Tlioy woro work ing near a spot where an old charge had beon loft in the rock, and tho vibration of tho drills so oloso by caused the old charge to oxplodo, A profound sensation (according to th« Donald correspondent of tlio " Argus") was orcatod in this district on WodncBday on it becoming known that tho Commorcial Bank had suspended paymont. Tho manager of the local branch know nothing more than the telegraphic instructions ho ro coivod to suspend business. Most people bore do thoir business through tho Commer cial, consequently tlio suspension is soveroly iolt. Tbe branch was established some years ago, on tho invitation of tho pooplo, owing to favourable terms in wheat trans actions not being obtainable from othor banks. Consequently tlio Commorcial had accounts from tho business people and far mers for miles around. One offoct of tho suspension is the stoppage of wheat- buying transactions in Donald until fresh arrange ments enn bo mado. Alany casos of hard ship havo bccomo known. Ono man only a fow days ago put nearly £800 into tlio bank on deposit for threo months. Tho worst ia that of a farmorat Watchem, who last week sold n farm preparatory to going to Western Australia, and put tho procoods, amounting to over £1,000, in tlio Donald branch. On Wednesday morning ho camo to draw tho monoy, as ho was going away, whon ho found paymont suspended. London firms aro said to spond ovor £2,000,000 per week in advertising. Silence is tho gratitudo of true affec tion. William Twendyio, a butcher at Malvorn, during a fight on Tuesday, with Alichael Kelly, a laborer, shot tho latter with a re volver. Koily was slightly wounded in tho throat, but narrowly escaped doath, A casualty involving large loss of life took placo in the harbour at Constantinople on Wednesday. Ono of tho pleasure steamers attached to tho Royal Palace of the Sultan was crossing tho Bosphorus, wlisn sho suddenly sank, and her occupants, to tho number of sixty, were all drowuod. In attempting to introduce the crinoline into tho rural district of Badon, Tonn., a woman named Mrs Saunders causod a fight in a church on Sunday, February 26. Id entering tlio church her cumbersome skirts brushed against sovoral pereons. Someone made a remark which offended the woman. She informed her husband, nnd n fight en sued, relatives and friends of both parties engaging in the fray. A remarkable dentil from blood poisoning lms ocourred at Itedruth. Mrs Goldsworthy aged thirty, had a small soro on her face, and rubbing it lightly with her black kid glove, caused inflammation to sot in Her head swellod enormously, and sho died after a few days' illness. Tho New South Wales Court at the Chicago Exhibition is in a mora forward state than that of any othor nation. Parliament is to bo prorogued next Mon day for six weeks, and will probably meet in tho second week in Jane. The Brighton railway traffio was stoppod two honra on Tuesday, through tho break down of a light engine. A man's accusations of himsolf aro always believed, bis praises novor. 1 A series of oxporiments lias been mado in the German army with a now oxplosive, com pound, -andtho result of "thoMrlals-is .con: sidered satisfactory. Whon fired the now powder givos forth very little smoke, and tho detonation is vory slight, whilst .the gun does not recoil to any groat extent. The special feature of the invention is that by tho method of ignition noither blow nor spaik lias uny effect, tlio explosion boing caused by the introduction of now matter. During tho progress of tho great anti- Home Rule meeting at Belfast, a sensational incident oocurred. A copy of Air Gladstone's : Homo Rule Bill now before the House of Commons was lorn into shreds before the assembled crowd, and then burned to nahes whinh trnrn tramnlnd nnrlarfVinfc amid avarv manifestation of satisfaction on tbe part of those, present. ; Tins procoedingitook place immediately in front of tho grand, stand upon which were b-,o chief organisers of tho meetidg, and Mr Balfour, leader of the Con servative party, who had been delivering an address, and who appeared, to be much delighted with I ho 00 no. Tho words "Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company. Lincoln. England." are on. graved on the Government Stamp and CLARKE'S, WORLD-FAMED BLOOD AIIXiUBE blown ia.the Bottle, without which none aro genuine. 