Story Column. Now Exbst Ptolmhbd. Outlaw & Lawmaker. fiN ANGLO-AUBTR&LIAN; ROMANCE. By MRS. CAMPBELL PRIED, ' 'Author of "The Head Station," "Tho Bond \- of "VT'edlook," '.'.Tho Brother, of the . Shadow," " Passion and Policy," . " Nadine," '.'Xn Auetrajian : . " Heretoo." ' Apd Joint Author with Mr. Justin M'Oarthy op ; « The Ladies' Gallery," "TheRight Honourable," &c.; fT.T. queensland eiohts jl?8pbvbd.' CHAPTER VIL— Continued.) A number of men had. come in from the outside entrance. They -were talking noisily. Trent's voice oould he heard above the others- He stopped short at 'the sight of the ladies, and lifted his hat to Lady Horaoe, who gave him rather a cool nod. All the men seemed to cluster ' naturally round the oentral figure, Blake bimRslf, taller than the others, more erect, and altogether better-bred looking. Ho, ; too, raised his hat -at the sight of Elsie, hut with his left hand. She made a plight movement in his dirootion. it was more a gesture than a movement, but be interpreted it as she had intended, and came to speak to her. ' I hope your arm is all right now,' she said. ' No, I see it ian't. Why do you wear a sling?' ' The shoulder was dislocated,' he said in an eager oonfnsed manner, 'and Abates pulled all the way to JBarolin, and made a nasty business out of what .would have been nothing if I had kept quiet.' « Abatos ! ' Bhe exclaimed. 1 You called him Osmun.' ' Abates,' said Hallett, ' is the name of Moonlight's famous horse.' 'I suppose I was thinking of that. Someone has just been speaking of Moon light,' replied Mr. Bioke quietly. But Elsie had fancied when she spoke that his face had changed, and that he hod grown paler. Was it the sight of her which had agitated him? 1 The girl's heart 'thrilled with an odd momentary sense of triumph. ' The excitement of an eleotion is apt to confuse one's faculties,' Blake went on. You have como into the thiok of the fight. Miaa Yaliiaut. But I think on the whole' —he turned to Hallett — ' that the war- fare is conducted with as little rancour as could he expected, considering the sort of mob we have to deal with.' 'Your mob,' said Hallett, laughing. . '"Mine is decorous, compared with your wild Irishmen ' . f My wild Irishmen ? ; They are the. ' hest- notured aud the beet-behaved fellows in the world,' Blake insisted, good- humouredly. ' They can sing, too, I can tell you.' ' Yea — they can sing,' Hallett ad mitted—' and they can oheer in their queer shrill sort of way— I can't always make out whether thoy ore delighted or disappointed. It sometimes sounds to me .like a death- wail, and then, by jove, I. «rn told it is a shout of triumph.' 'You'll hear it to-morrow,' Blake said carelessly, ' and then yon will know that it. isn't a death-wail — and don't yon forget it.' 'Tarn very curious about it. I want to hear it,' Elsie said in an abstracted sort of way, as if she were talking to herself. 'I don't,' Hallett declared with a laugh. ' Well, Blake, we shall know it / all to-morrow. " God show tho right," as the old proclamations of battle used to way.' 1 God show the right,' repeated Blnko abstractedly. ' That's what they eay in Ireland. Come what will, Hallett,' said Blake, 'you aro a good fellow, and a fallant opponent.' Then the little group ispersed. Sounds echoed all through the wooden building, and ituttey's was by uo means a peaceful haven on this ofcotion eve. From the bar down below there came noise of revelry, hoarse callings for drink, 'snatehea of eong, rough laughter, and occasionally an oath. In tho bal cony, on whioh Lady Horace's sitting- room opened, all thiB oould ho dietinotly heard. It waa an odd place for a young lady to choose, but for the greater part of the evening Elsie Yalliant eat thore and listened to the din and watched tho street below. There was a moon getting near its full, and tho long straggling roadway, with its wooden houses, its odd-looking groups of passers-by — rough bushmon, diggers, Chinamen, blaokB — presented a rather amusing spectacle. But Elsie did not seem bo deeply interested in tho streot soene as in a low monotonous hubbub, with one voice distinguishable through' the babel, whioh came to her from the other aide of the building, and which she guessed to he that of Blake holding a meeting. There wore interruptions every . now and then. Sometimes his voice rose so clearly that she could almost make out the words. Sometimes anothor voice in terposed, sometimes thero woro hoots from ' below, sometimoa cheers j but through it all the one voioe dcolnimod with a force and passion that Elsie folt to bo real oratory; Sho would havo givon the world to bear what ho waa saying. Sho did indeed crane her head over tho bnl- jpony, but after a minute drew it back, afraid lest in the moonlight someone ' should see and recognise hor. By-trad- by it ended. The street became quieter,' but the noise in tho hotel inorcasod. ; Hallett came up nnd joined hor in the balcony. 'Have you been listening to Mr. v Blake?' she aBlced. 'No,' he replied; :I havo been ordt- ; ing on my own aooount. Why do you stay out bore ? It isn't fit for you, with all that noise going on in the bar.' 'I will go to bed,' she eaid listlessly, lam tired.' '' 'Stay a moment. Como round here ; . it is quieter. I told you I'd ehow you the ghost of your flower tiro next time we met. / Here it is.' - ... ' .. ... , Ay.-JIWA,-', 1 . . .1 1 ,He opened hi? pocket-hook and showed hejr thpstephanotre spray crushed between itp leaves. ' I have worn it,' he aaid, ' as ono of the old knights you axe so fond of might have worn his lady's token when he went to battle. It has been with me all through my battle.' 'Give it to me,' she eaid, in a strained sortofvoios. He did so. Before he could guesB her intention, she had orumpled it into a shapeless lump, and had thrown it into the street. .' Why did you do that ? ' he exclaimed, deeply hurt. 'Because it's worth nothing. It has pot brought you luok. It never will bring you any good luek.' > ' Have you made up your mind, then, that! pm to fail?' he said in a pained voice. ' Ypg, I fool it, I know it- He has yiotory in his face. That man will succeed wherever he goes, and in whatever he chooses to do.' ' In-whatever he ohooses to do !' Hallett repeated, ' Don't say that. I cannot Bear yon to say it.' ' "Why ? I only say what I feel. I never knew any man who gave me that 1 impression in the same way.' ' Bo you knew why I cannot bear you to say it ? It is beoause he may chooso to influence you.' Well !' said Elsie with an odd smile. ' That might not be an unpleasant sensa tion. Don't bei angry,' she added hurriedly, seeing the look of pain that came into his face. ' I didn't mean to vex you. Nothing in the world is more unlikely to happen.' As that he should influonoo you, or that he should choose to do so ?' ' Both, or either— as yon please. Good- night, Mr. Hallett. We have had a thirty miles journey to-day, and Ina has gone to bed.' Thoy went in. He gave her a candle, and bade her good-night. ' « Do you know where your room ?' ho asked. ' Yes, it is a good way along the pas sage — horribly far from Ina'e. 1" shall look my door.' - ' ' Don't he frightened if you hear noises. They are not likely to shut up the hotel very early. I think it was a mistake your coming here just at this time.' ' I don't think so at all. I wouldn't miss it for the world. But I should like to know who has the room next to mine. Where are you ?' 'On the ground floor. 1 am very sorry. I will find out who is next you, if you like. He went out. After a minute or two he came baok. ' Mr. Dominie Trant has the room next yours.' ' I don't think I like Mr. Dominic Trant,' said Elsie. 'He has suoh odd eyes. I think he believes he can mes merise people. AU the time we were standing in the hall downstairs he was looting at me. Tell me, is he going to Tunimba ?' ' I suppose so. Edith says it will ho the greatest mistake to get up a coolness on aooount of the election. She has asked Mr. Blake to come too.' ' I suppose ehe is right.' ' Yes, Edith has a good deal of tact in these matters, but it would be odd if he should dome as the member for Luya.' to »e pontotsp pn saturday. 