Councillor Gkoboe Tuiineb, of St. Kilda, predicts that llic coming wiutor will be the most severe yet esperieuced during (2-c depression period so far as the lnck of employment is concerned;' and there nre good grounds for fearing that the pinch will be a keen one in tho mctropoliUu district. In other parts of the colonj? no such tiling us t-carcity of work is liiuted ut, though it is quite true that in some provincial towns (lie influr of workmen from the metropolis or the return of old residents from other colonies, all wauting work and with very little, if any, money upon which to subsist whilst seeking it, has seriously disturbed the local labor markets. Id Melbourne the difficulty is not so much the lack of capital as the lack of chaor ueJs io which to profitably employ it. The metropolis has been built to accom modutc a population larger than the country can conrcnientlj carry, and the -population -ji -accommodating itself to the circumstance by going into the country. Consequently it is of no use to build more houses when there are not tbe people io inhabit those already i erected, and as an abnormally large I number of employes were attracted here I by the briskness of boom times they j must suiter more or less until the ! natural growth of the population again 1 stimulates their trade, or until a suQi- 1 cient number arc drafted olf to other places. What would prove an essential factor in fostering the development of ' the metropolis would be a stimulus to the manufacturing industries. The , protective duties are in most cases sufficiently heavy io cover tbe margin between the low-priced productions of the old world and the more costly manu factures of the &ew; and what is really wauted iu a more loyal support to native industries on the part of Victor ians themselves. If they pay a penny for one of the cheap publications with | which the market is flooded three farthings of it goes to England and ; the colony is so much the poorer ; whereas ;f they paid the same price for ' an Australian article the money would j remain here. So with every article of \ imported ware. 1 1 will be rejoined probably that local manufacturers can- , not launch out as they might do and win tbe yic(ori-m markets for them selves, because the bapks have top tight a hold upon thep. That is true ; and thero Js no doubt that the rale of the banks has been rigid, for they have J^ep forced top layfl £-uzie of defeaoe, , but with tbe rapidly brightening finan cial horizon we may anticipate that tbe wants of the manufacturing and com mercial community will be fully met,' ?and with tbe co-operation of the general publics that brighter days will return to Melbourne. r The AUcnoNEKtts and estate ogenta of Prahran and district have their annual I day oat on Wednesday next, when tbey I rendezvous on tbe Malvern cricket ground, ' the programme befog a cricket match : j between sides chosen from amongst the | craft residing north and sonth of the | office , of the Prahran Trlegrapti. Last year the north side achieved a decided victory, and on tbiB occasion a determined | effort is being pat forth by tbe soath aide in order to wrest tbe coveted laurel from their opponents; so that a -good game shopld : result. The players and invited guests will partake of dinuer at 1 p.m. and every preparation is being made to ensure a thoroughly enjoyable day's onting, tbe main object of which is to foster a good feeling amongst the local knightsofthe hammer and ' desirable investment' pur veyors. Mr. F. C. Sanderson is acting as secretary, and a Etrong committee have the movement in hand. It is expected that the whole of those interested will close their respective places of bnsineB?, so that a full muster mny assemble on the ground at noon, at which hour play will commence. Tfifi bbmoval of Dr. A. H. Parker, the medical officer of the Prahran Friendly Societies1 Medical Institute, is to be re gretted, for many reasons apart from the loss the district sustains from a social point of view. Tbe institute was fortunate in securing the doctor's scrvice, as is best proved by tbe fact that during the eighteen months be has filled the position not a single complaint has been made against him, which is saying a great deal in view of the large number of patien(6 requiring his medical attention and the fact that friendly society invalids are very fre quently more exacting than those who engage their own private medical attend ant. Further evidence of- Dr. Htrkcr'6 success is shown by the fact that during his occupancy of (he important position the number of lodge palicntB have increased from GOO to 730 ; and with llii6 army the doctor will part carrying whb him their esteem and pood W)-beB, as may also be said in regard to the committ. eof of the institute with whom bis relationship has been of the m?st pirasant character, and the fear is that it niny be a long time before a gentleman t«j»nliy courteous and so specially (Uteri for the position will be forthcoming as a successor. As ,wc stated on Wednesday last, the doctor and his estimable wife arc both Londouers by birth, and it is but natural thnt thev should have a desire to 8ettlo in the world'6 metro polis ; but the chief reason for the remov.-il is the stole of Mrs. rmker's health, which has been very indifferent for some time past. The doctor's hr^vhold cffects will be disposed of on Thursday next at his residence ' Clovcrnook,' Portcr slrect, Prahran, and the popular couple wilt leave for their new home by the Arcadia on the 22nd April. VISITOBS AND CITIZENS who take their pleasure on the beach at St. ltilda have occasion to feel annoycil at the incon vt-nionce causcd by the practice of hnthiag horses and dogs at that popular watering place. Tbepracticc is an infringement of the city regulations, nud we feel 6urelhat Sergeant Joyce, who is ever ready to eervc the interests of the public, ouly requires his attention called to the matter when the annoyance will soon be u*mc«licd. I.s6t Saturday afternoon we counted within an hour 13 horses an! 32 doss which had taken their bath at ihu MtinJI enclosure between the pier aud llcgarty's gentle man's baths. The boivos were riildon into the water, while the dogs— and ndy mangcy brutes some of them were— were either sent iuto the water after sticks or were led in. Apait fioni tlie filthy nature of tbe practice, the prt'^-nce of horses at auy portion of the beach where the public assemble is dangerons, cppeoi illv so far as children nre conciiinol ; while the aimoy ance caused by dogs i-hiikintr the water off ihi'mselvcs after heim; in the briny is more than fle^h and blo:-d can put up without indulging in bail words. We hope the police will put in au appeanmcc at the bench and make a caution of a few of4he selfish and ill-mannered owners of the animals referred to. DbitisH'Isbael was the topic of an address given before the St. Kild^ Littfary Association last Thursday by Mr. Horatio Robsou (of the South Vnrra branch of the Britisb-fsrecl A&eocittyion;} the snnpisl subv ject being 'Disabctlons l-clwcen iSrael and Judab.' Tbe line of reasoning as to the non-return of the lost tribes of Israel and their probable development into the British race was similar to thnt already sketched in these columns in previous reports. The speaker's arguments were closely fol'owcd by a fair-sized and interested audience, and at the close a vote of thanl;6 waf cordially given on the motion of Mr. H. D. Ford, seconded by Mr. H. Hall. Nest Tuesday evening a lecture o^i ' The Art of Mnemonics' will he given by Mr. A. B. Carter, to which the public ate cordially invited. DlTTKB irony ! The boards of advice have been asked by the Minister to suggest methods of retrenchment in the cost of tbe State educational system ; an^ now a 'Teachcr'in a Melbourne contemporary actually proposes to abolish the boards themselves as of 'doubtful use' Could anything be more crucl? Possibly ?' the eirors they sometimes mifce in the simplest scholastic matters prove thai they ate not really in toneh with the teachers or school life but tbey constitute an instrument by which the public who pay the piper may control tbe bureaucratic tendencies of the department. I The usual monthly meeting of the St. I Kilda Hoard of Advicc was hcl-l at the I town hall on Monday evening last, there being present, Messrp. F. Tnllctt, chairman. | Edward Gough, G. A. Williams, and M. I Velland, correspondent, Mr. C. W. Harts horn, of the Park-echo il, and Mr. J. Hambley, truant inspector, being also iu I attendance. The lialaucc sheet showing a I profit of £7 I'ts. Gil. Id connection with the . receut' entertainment given by the Park school in aid of the Queensland Floods Relief Fund was submitted by Mr. C. W. Hartshorn, and received as sstisfHctoi y. The action of the oonhcil in rebating the rent of the hall was culogistically com mented ou, aud a general esprt^ion of gratitude was accorded to the councillors, and also to the mayor for his hospitality in entertaining the company at the conclusion of the entertainment, a medc of praise being also accorded to Mr. Hamblcy, the truant officer, for bis assistance, and to 6ergcant Joyce fofc supplying police sureoil lance; while MiedlL IJaigb, the conductor of the operetta, came in for tbe lion's share of applaoad; tbe oM*BSpood««t -being in strocted to forward her a special word of praise for her efforts. Several other matters of a routine nature having been disposed of, the board adjourned. ALMA Lodge of Druids had a merry eveniugon Wednesday, the special occasion being a prize competition for songs and recitations. Bro. Buscb, A.D., presided, and visitors were numerous, the lodges represented bciog Cbarmvood.Sylvanue, Al pine, and Conqueror, with Bro. Dove, D.P. The competitors included Bros. Borrows, IVaslcy, Londen, Crowthers, Critchley, Apps, Hradsbaw, Bosch (who developed an onexpectcd double voice), Morant, Hales, Arccott, and Fraser. The, selections given were excellent, and the pruses were allotted as follows : sentimental songs, Bro. Hales, first prize, (pair of watch pockets) ; Bro. Frascr, second, (choice fern) ; comic songs, Bro. Critcbley/O^/® ridingwhip) ; re citations, Bro. l-ouden, (inkstand). A very successful and enjoyable evening required two extension* of time to -carry out. Tub concgbt of chamber music given by Miss Mary WilkinBon'at Glen's jfueic Hall on Tuesday evening last indicated by the large and appreciative audience which gathered together that there is existing a atrong taste for music of the higher class and. that the accomplished organist of St. ttary*e Church, East St, Kilda, has struck the keynote of a very grand musical success. The chief interest centred in the quartet in B flat, for piano forte, violin, viola, and 'cello, by Saint Baens, played by Miss Wilkinson and Herrcn Dierich, Schacht, and -Liebe, it being the first performance of the work io Melbonrne. The effort was essentially a successful one, and it and the various numbers of the programme were rendered with a taste. aod skill which evoked the warm appreciation of thp&c; present. A fuller reference Jo the concert' will appear in next Wednesday's issue, exigencies of space to-day compelling us to hold over peroral othejrjeporta# ' CoMFLAIKTS HAVING been made to the police by a ro^idont in U;c vicinity of the vacant block of land opposite the nfti:e of the Prnhran 'J'rlrrjnijih. who ha6 illness iu his family, the local corps of the Salvation Army who have been in the habit of indulging in discordant howls nnd sundry forms of buffoonery nt that place has actvd on the advice of Sergeant Richardson and moved on to the vacant block next Madden and Bartlett's watch making establishment If the aimy is as successful in saving suuls ou the new site as it was in causing the use of oaths cm the former one, their re.uks will multiply at im astonishing rate, .Mb. 15. Wilson Do ;ijs gave an excel lent paper on ?' Literary Societies of the Day ' ut the Tooruk Literary Society's meeting on Monday evening Ia«t, the subject bciog dealt with in on able manner, the speaker's suggestions for the rxtcusion of literary society woik being worthy of following. He said that our societies tint we should try and get boys who have just left school to join aud take an interest in literary and elocutionary work, thus keeping them from spending their spare time in the streets— sentiments which met with the approval of the meeting. 4- Maga ziae Night,' forms the programme for next Monday evening. Possibly no mobe disgraceful political episode has marked the recent history of thi6 colony than the attempt made to make n pocket borough of Kara Knrn for Mr. J. L. Dow. Huviug filed his schedule as en insolvent debtor the election has been retarded by the Speaker until the la6t legal date in order that Mr. Dow may compromise with his creditors and get clear of the court, and now both Mr. Dow nnd his son have been nominated against Mr. Anderson in order that the son may if possible win the scat and keep it wurm for his father. If Parliament does not call its Speaker to account it will be necessary to wipe out n good many members at the next elections. A pleasant subpuisi; was sprung on Messrs Ituiton and Davict:, who are hold ing weekly dances in Osberg's Queen's Hall, tfaJetoii-strccf, St. Kiida, last Monday. A committee of ladies, composed of Misses Ethbridge, ltobiuson, (2) Cooper, and Johnstone, worked up the affair with great success, lo the entire astonishment of the gentlemen who were thus complimented* Some CO couples enjoyed the facilities Huuiucu uy liic c titsy tune iiflii wuu ju- splendid finor until '2 a.m., Mr. J. Fegan, acquitting himself mti.ifactorily as M.C. The occasion was voted the most delightful of the season, nil present bsing highly delighted with the right's entertainment. The rcKssuBc cf the times renders it a very difficult matter for some people to pay their municipal rates, and many a cooncil is pondering the question how it can best get in it6 moneys without unduly distressing its ratepayers. Ex-Cr. C. J, Lcwi^ of Williams-road, Windsor, has favored us with his views on the subject, and hns a novel proposal to offer. He poio's out that rootd families are in posses sion of rare books, curios, etc., which are intrinsically valuable, and h ? suggests that these should be deposited with the town clerk of the municipality and that at certain times auction sales should be held for theirdisposal, the money received being placed to the credit of the different parties as against their liabilities for rates. Tbu Pbajiuan bbakch of the Ymmg Victorian Political Leogae is stirring it*eif, with a view to beingeallcd upon shortly lo exert itself in tbe interests of good legisla tion, A meeting of the branch was held at tbe Boyal George on Wednesday evening last when various matters of business u*cre discussed. Dr. Joske, Mr. H. F. A. Gour lay and C. Skinner were appointed dele gates to the geocrnl council, and the following gentlemen were clected on the. committee: — Messrs Joske, Prince, Miller, Church, Skianer,Gourlay} Knight, Wedlich, Mr. C. A. Young being chosen as prcsideut, ilr. J. M, Moiioy, secretary and Mr. T. Harlin, treasurer. The South Yarra Province election was discussed and future action in referenc : to the contest was left with the chairman And the secretary, but the feeling of tbe meeting 6cemed to be in favor of allowing members of the leagne to exercise their individual opinion in view of the fact that the two candidates were almost agreed in their political aims and aspirations. Disbeoabd fob tue city building re gulation — to wit, building external walls otherwise than in stone or brick, brought Mr, George Braid, of 69 Willisma-road, Prah ran, before the Prahran court on Thursday. Ilr. W. Smith,' the city surveyor, produced a plan of the building in question, with the correspondence regarding the matter as taking place between the council and the defendant. It appears that the original was a sloping verandah, but had been altered to a somewhat square position, with the addition of a window or two, so as to make an additional room, and it was con tended that the re- conBtructiou had become a building. The defence was that the place still remained a verandah. The bench, however, were divided in opinion as to whether the place was a building or verandah .within the mcaningof the seoUon, and dismissed tbe case without costs,- a farther charge of building without per-' mission being also dismissed, with 23s. 6d. costs against the council, ? ? The stonebieakebs of St. Kilda pre sented a petition to tbe council at its last meetiog tor further work to do. Cr. Stede ford wanted a return of surpluses on work done during the past aix months, believing that the difference between tbe estimates and actual - cost of ifiany of them would amount to a sum that might be available for the purpose ; and in the meantime he j moved that another £60 be invested in | metaL Cr. Turner, in seconding! niged the I surveyor to see that no person outside of I St, Kiida was employed on this -work, as complaints had been made that men came to St. Kilda for a sweek and took a room, and then got work when local residents could not. He did not believe the state ments, and when they were made t*- him he .bad tried to get names and details, hot could not. He must, therefore, rest on the assurance of tbe surveyor that such was not the case. He would also remind them that the winter was coming on aud the depression must bo faced, and this coming winter would be the severest they bad yet seen in tbe colony. He suggested that the surveyor, and tbe town-clerk should look ahead and see what was to be doncu Cr. Connibcrc concurred in the motion, and wished the surveyor to be particular and see that tbe work was only given to those who bad others dependeut upon them. Boweveb quiet the meetings of the St. Kildn council may be, there is always fun when the Board of Health comes ' on view.' Lost Monday the ire of tbe council was raised by a pathetic letter from the health officer, wherein he narrated that he had personally given the board's ofllccr the fullest particulars about a number of fever cases, aod now thoy wanted a written report from him too. Cr. Moore got on his feet first, aod thought the board ought to do one thing or tbe other — that is, they had no business to send their officer to take the time of the council's officer in going nil throagh (he business, nnd then expect him to give a written report of the same thing over again. The council thought so too, nnd it was left to the town-clerk to convey to the board a diplomatic cxprusnon of the council's opiuione on the subject. Not long ago, Cr Kelly, of St. Kilda, brought before the council the desirability of urging upon the Government thnt when laying out the lilwood ^wnrnp the ftreets inch side of the canal fhould be r-(ift. in width, so that the nlloimcuis ahnttiug on (htm should face the canal, instead of being, as the plan now showp, mere rights ?-f-\vuy at the back of the allotments. This view was urged ou Lbc Department of Works by a deputation of the council, nud consideration of it was promised. After tuueh consideration nnd meditation, the department have now notified the council that they cannot acccde to the request. This reply wns received by the council on Monday iu nggriuved silence, the mayor suggesting that tbey should have another try lor it, and it was then postponed for a fortnight to arrange for an attack in force. A movement is on foot to erect a memorial 6tone over the grave of the late ^ejgeant Mills, for many years orderly to the I'remicr. The late eergeunt was widely known to all members of l arliament and frequenters of rnrlinment House and the Treasuiy buildings, and there is uo doubt that nil who eainu in contact with that courtcou6 and efficient officer will be glad lo take part iu this umrk of esteem. The proposal was initiated by Seigeaut Joyce, of St, Kilda, and subscriptions will be received »'-* Mr, B, S. liodgers at the premier's olUcc. The flight or time is evidenced by tbe fact of the ArmadnleQuadrille Assembly making preliminary arrangements for the advent of the tenson of tcrpsichorc. The nunual business meeting of the assembly takes place next Monday evening at the Armadale Hall, when the bulauce-sheet will be presented and the election of oilice bearers for the ensuing year proceeded with. Lovers of the light fnntn6lie pas time at Armadale will recall mnuy nleasant hours spent in connection with this assembly, and the prospect of a repetition of those happy hours will be hailed with much satisfaction. Tub members of the Prahran Oper atic nud Orchestral Society have been induced to repeat the comic opera Zt-x Cloche* - If Corucville at Collingwood on Thuisday eveuing next at the local town hall, when the people of that suburb mny anticipate a musical treat such as they arc but fcldom permitted lo enjoy in Lbeir own hall. Since the opera was given nt Prahran, and; subPC'qWmtlyttie ^ Tfflfflbourne Opera House with so much 6ucccsts, the principals having gained consid erable experience, the orchestra has bc°,n strengthened, and the choruses have gcatly improved, Mr. Charles Truelove, the society's present honorary musical director, having paid special attention to this very necessary cle incut in the successful renderiug of an opera such as that of Ja* Cloches ffr (\mic villi'. The i iccc will be well mounted, and altogether a surprise and a thorough treat is in store for the Ooliingivood folks, who will no doubt give the I'ruhrau amateurs a hearty receptiou such as will glndcn the heart of George Xinton, the society's cntve jirenrur, end ids fellow enthusiasts, whose one desire is to keep the Prahran Operatic Society to the front rank in the amateur theatrical world. With its usual indifference to the convenience of iU patrons, that mono polistic institution kuowu as the Metro politan Gr6 Compiiny has closed nil i'6 suburbnu offices iu ouler that the fat sooV hack may be further greased, or, to stick to English, thnt the shareholder^ pockctH may be more comfortably lined. It is simply astonishing to find an intelligent com munity so patieutly submitting to the treatment meted out by this company, nnd it is hoped that with the dawn of brighter times one of (he first enterprises established will be a lighting company which wiil break down the present huge monopoly aud civu us gas instead of wind, value for our money, aud courteous attention in-tcad of contemptuous treatment. The people of Bruuswick hare already launched upon such an enterprise with very gratifying results, and it is hoped that public spirit will soon be sufficiently apparent in this district to justify the good example being followed. — ? — JOHN Hyak Was before the Prahran bench on 7'hursday charged with failing to comply with an order nf the court made against him in September last iu favor of C. C. Taff for £1 ISs Cd., goods sold and delivered. The defendant admitted being in receipt of £4 15*. per week, nnd offered 6s. per week iu liquidation of tbe debt ; but the bench directed By/in to pay , the amount within three days or go to gnol ! for 14 dayB, AN* extra lively evening resulted at the Charnwood Lodge, U.A.O.D.,on Thurs- j -day,-&f;*r4VasUy, A.D., being in the chair, and a delegation of official visitors present - from Ko. 6 District, headed by I). P. Bro. Aram, P.D.P. Bro. Sanderson, and Bro. Joe Cohen, who evolved some of the best har mony that has been warbled in Charnwood forsomc time. Among the performers were Bros. Ashman, Cohen, Flynn, Sinclair (all encored), Wheelock, Iteedy, Sailor, Ford, Hales, Orr, Ralph, Aram, and Waslcy. One of the best evenings for sometime terminated with an exchaogc of cordialities and a mild hint from the A.D. not to forget the Lidiea' Night on the 13th April, which is to be the local Druidical event of the season. G beat satisfaction has been expressed in local military circles at the promotionof Major Hacker, of the St Kilda artillery, to the position of Deputy Assistant Qaarter master General, the rank carrying with it the title of Colonel. The major has been in command of B Battery for over twelve yeare, and there are few officers more generally esteemed, either in military circles or as a private citizen, aud his pro motion, which is unquestionably the result of merit, is regarded as a very popular one. The Colonel will be succeeded in command of B Battery by Captain Clarke, who has been connected with tho battery for some : time. Some slightly ibbevebent comment was passed at the St. Kilda council on' Monday night, when granting a request of . Mrs M. P. Dixon, secretary of tbe local branch of tbe W.C.T.U., to be allowed to place a box containing temperance litera ture in tbe town halt Some jocular dis cussion took place as to whether the mayor's room or the officers' qaarters would most benefit by the proximity of this class of literature, but wc presume that really it was not intended to wrestle with the incorrigible councillors or other regular Jialituet of the building, so much as to catch the general public when attending meetings and amosements in the hall. ? A HAPPY bibthday celebration is what' the good folk? of the Toorak Wesleyan Cbnrch contemplate an indulgence in to morrow, when special sermons will be preached at 11 a.m. by tbe Bev. F. an ex-president of the Conference, and at 7 pm. by the Ecv. T. J. Malyon, LL.B., the gifted pastor of the South Yarra Baptist Church; while a service for children will be 'conduoted at S p.m. by Mr. T. Gor ! don, when appropriate musical selections by the youog people of the Sunday-school will form a special attraction. At the morning and evening servloes the cuoir will render a number of anthems, includiug 'And He Shall Beign,' 41 0, Lord Our Governor,' ' Praise Ye the Lord,' and ' Come, Holy Ghost while Miss Michclt, the favorite soprano, will contribute 'There is a Green Hill Far Away,' the tenor solo, 'Sing Ye Then,' being intrusted to BIr. J. H. Chambers. On tbe following Tuesday Evening a conversazionc will be held in the schoolroom at 7.45, when birthday speeches will bo delivered by tho Rev. S. T. Well ington, secretary of the conference, aud other gentlemen, mnsic for the soul and viands for the comfort of the inner roon being amongst the good things on the pro gramme, GEI6MABD0 -Bichaups, the clcctric healer, amidst all bis vicissitudes tony console himself by the fact of his having got even with Smith, the tent maker, who gave him away to his creditors. Smith refused handsome overtures from the friends of Gcismardo to induce him to admit having made a mistake in his identi fication of the absconding glove- seller, nfttnrally expecting still handsomer satis faction at the hands of the creditors whom he served. But, alas for bright hopes, he has been handed a few paltry shillings for bis trouble, and haB gone to tbe JleraUl with bis grievance, which certainly seems to be a just one, although it serves to remiud one of the truth of the biblical (new version) adage—'* Blessed is the man who expectetb nothing for he shnll not be disappointed.' Iu the meantime we can hear Gcismardo's broad griu of satis factiou from across the water. The Concobd Club furnished ample proof of tho appropriateness of its motto 'Coucordia nou Discordia ' on Tuesday Inst when an excellent musical entcitnin ment was giveu nt the Foresters' Hall, South Yarra, befotc a large nud thoroughly appreciative audience, tlic various items hcingwell icccivcdjcncorcsbcini; demanded in iiliuu-t every instance. 1 lie president of the club, Mr. (j S. Walker, during the evening returned thank« to (he artists who volun teered their rrcluable nssist^ncc and also to the public for their generous support. Great praue is due to Mr. II. Gutittrez, the energetic houorary scetelary, nod his equally enthusiastic colleague, Mr. J. 11. P-iin, for the financial result of the coucert. Space precludes a detailed criticism of the performance, but the jleras were as fol lows :—Overlure, ' Poet and Peasant,' Mr. K. Ireland aud pupil, and Mr. Henuington ; 6ong, ' Hocked m the Cradle of the Deep,1' Mr. A. IS. Hale; song, ''Piima Donna.' Miss K. Kalkiugham ; song (comic), ?' lu Our Back Yard,' Mr. II. MaudiiH ; song, ' Love's Own Sweet Soue,' Mr. J. Goudy ; recitation, 'The Pertinacious Landlord,' Mr. J. Hliitchcck ; song, '? Leonorc,' Miss Grace 'J'hwaites ; duet, 'The Battle Kve,' Mc-srs. C. Woc69 and Graham Williams ; song (comic), Mr. Leslie Pooley j over ture, 'The Cavalry March,' Mr. F. Ire land: song, 41 Sunny Spain,' Miss J. Gutierrez ; song, Helcne,' Mr. J. Goudy; duet selected, Miss Tbwaites and Mr. C. Woess ; i-oug (comic), Mr. B. Marshall ; song, 'Jtemernber 31c No More,' Miss F. Kalkiugham; soug, 'The Gay Hussar,' Mr. Hen Stevens; song, 'The Diver,' Mr. A, K. Hale ; song (comic), Mr. Leslie Pooloy. Somubodt HAS got scared. The Public Woiks Department is arranging to have the obstructions in the Yarra between the Princes' aud Queeu's bridges removed. When Prince's bridge wnsbuilf, thcnVer was straightened nud widened to a considerable extent, but this portion Iias been tiukercd nt during the intervening years, the officers of the Public Works Dcpartmcut being possibly too fatigued with the labor of rending the Melbourne Arg«* and draw ing their salaries to put any vigor into the work. Then the late government aband oned it altogether. It is more than pro bable that, bad these obstructions been cleared away within a reasonable time after the completion of the bridge, the flood which devastated South Yurra would have been matcrial'y reduced, and possibly the terrible floods of Queensland aud Kcw South Wales may have suggested to some officer of the Ciicuralocution Department that if another flood should ocsur in the j Yarra aud people be drowned or ruiued I a jury might be found to convict the ; whole of the Public Woiks Departmcut of ! manslaughter. ! The annual conpekence of the Aus tralian Natives' Association which lias ; been fitting at Kynctoo has had uudcr its ; Consideration the protest of the newly I formed South Yarra brnncb at the decision I of the board of directors excluding it from I representation nt the coufercuce, on the I ground that it had been established sub sequent to the 31st December last. The I couference unanimously upheld the dc I cision of the board. ' In oub bbpobt in Wednesday's issue of the civil casei beard at tbe Prahran court on Monday last, wc wrongly stated the case John Battley v. Bertha White (claim for £10, illegal detention of certain goods), as having been entered up in favor of the plaintiff. As a matter of fact, the bench made an order Tor the restoration of the goods to the plaiutiff on his paying 17s, Gd. the amount of his indebtedness lo the defendant, with 2s, Cd. costs. The goods, it seems, comprised wearing apparel which was detained by Mrs. White pending the settlement of her account for board aud lodging. ^ Ahnt and kephkw io the persons of John and Mary McGratb had a fallout and aired their giievauces nt the Prahrau court on Thursday. John was charged with using obscene language and breaking four panes of glass ill his auut's house, but as the aggrieved relative had no desire to press the claim for thu damage done aod as the offender had been in gaol for 10 days the bench allowed him lo go free. Damaging a footpath was tbu nature of a charge preferred against Charles Gil liam at the Prahran court on Thursday by the muuicip&l; authorities. The case was called on last week, bat the principal witness Cornell (who had been summoned to appear under the name of ,(Thoruhill ') did not answer to his name, and the heating had to be adjourned. When the case was opened on Thursday, Cornell gqre evidence to the effect that he sold a butcher's block lo Gilliam, which was roiled to the defend ant's premises by four men, Gilliam following with a truck behind, but finally taking ^delivery although he did not assist iu the rolling operation. Witness denied having asked the defendant to take care of the block because lie was being turned out of his pliop, and slated tlr.it Gilliam had agreed to take the block in payment of a debt of £5. Throughout his evidence Cornell apparently seemed to be fcnciug, aud had to be severely admonished for his conduct. Mr. Taubman, city clerk of works, stated that the defendant had naid (o him ' If 1 had told a lie you would have known nothing about it.' This the witn?s^ considered tantamount to a confession of bench that there were 39 flags broken on % lino between the shops of Cornell and Gilliam, iu Chapol-street, South Yarra, and the damage doue would cost to repair about £7. A block weighing 8 cwL, such as he had seen in Gilliam's yard would cause tbe damage. The defence was that there had been no evidence of 'dragging or trailiug' as laid down in the section, ' rolliog *' being quite another thing. The defendant had assisted with a truck to turn the block over in the shop, but he had never laid a band upon it in the street, and had only offered to store the block to aesist Cornell. ' The bench, however, held that the evidence was sufficient and fined the defendant £o. Mr. Williams, who ap peared for Gilliam, gave notice of appeal, tbe seenrity being fixed at £2o, with £2 2s. cists, in default one month's imprisonment, proceedings to be stayed for 7 days. A ciiangb in the camp. Tbe M'Mabon —or should it not be the MacMaHon, a la GibBon— has fallen, and Osment reigneth jn his stead. Commissioner M'Mshon was vice-prcsidient of tho officers' and servants' committee of the Metropolitan Board of Works. M'Mahon flouted the only Fitz. M'Mnhon, like an liastom vizier who giveth offence, bag been 'removed ' from his office. Comment isalmost unnecessary. Suffice it, lo say however, that Cr, Osment, of Prahran, who succeeds the fallen one is a bit etiff in tbe backbone, and won't have any nonsense played. A~ social evening was spent at tbe South Yarra Baptist Church on Tuesday last, !be proceedings taking the form of a — welcome to the pastor, the Bcv. T, J, Mai. yon, LL.B., who has just returned artor a month's holiday in South Australia. Com missioner John Turner, J.P., senior deacon of the church, made a happy chairman, and addresses were given by Mr. S. WaiLe, the secretary, who offered a hearty welcome Ut Mr. Malyon, and by Messrs. Gihson,Cole and Abbott. Mr. Malyon in acknowledging tbe kinds words of welcome gave an Iq. tiresting account of his rambles in Soath Australia nnd spoke in warm terms of praise in regard to the hospitality extended to him in the sister colony, both by old friends and strangers. During the evening tbe choir rendered a number of muMc&i; selections under the leadership of Mr. Blackwell, and & pleasant hour or so ensued, the entertainment closing with votes of thauks to tbe ladies for providing the tea and edibles which added so much to the enjoyment of the evening, the choir and spcakcis being also accorded their medc of praise. | That fab seeing investors have an I opportunity now of purchasing property ot very moderate rates with the certainty of an as-urcd profit, and that they nre dig. I posed to avail themselves of it, has been 1 our contention on many occasfoos, and wo have further proof of this in the sale report I of Messrs. Ashcr nnd Co., tbe well-known I agents of 3G0 Chapel-street, South Yam who have sold privately during the weelc the following properties Chapel-street South Yarra, 77ft. from corner Commercial road, land 20ft. frontage by 70ft. &t;£ol 5« per foot ; land in Motherwell-Btrcci' * tiawksbnrn, 85ft. from corner Cromwell! road, 80ft. frontage x 170ft. at £5 10b c cash. Total sales for week, £1465. As we are in possession of the names of ,tbe pur. i chasers, we ere aware that the' sales arc bona nnd they indicate very eatisfac. i torily that capitalists ore again to the fore and ready to invest in Cbapel- street land though not at inflated prices. ' 1 ? + 1 What cool cheek i Having, meta. phorically speaking, held 4heir finger and 1 thumb on tbe throat of legitimate cntcr» prise until they have crushed out that t virtue and find the effect resulting di&- astroualy to their own interests, the bubo- i ciated banks have become piously philan thropic, nud now offer to protect the community from all harm. Iflhecom. muuity is wise it will pat its thumb to it® nose and give the Masonic sign, which is done by extending the four fingers in the shape of a fan, and heuccforth look upon Lhe banking fraternity as existing to serve its own purposes by fattening its share, holders, aud caring ' divil a bit ' for the welfare of the commuuity so long as that end is served. 