D O C T O R BERONI'S SECRET. CHAPTER ~IL—f Continued.) THE DOCTOR'S DAUGHTER. Bv JOHN LEYS, Author of "The Lindsays," "£500 Reward," &c.; °f, happened to speak of " thoughtreading, waich was just then beginning to make some stir in the world of newepapere and drawing-rooms. " You don't believe there is anything in it, of course, Dr. Beroni?" I asked carelessly. , 1 dou t, know that,"he answered seriously. Have yoa read the articles and correspondence on the subject which have been appearing lately in the New World:"' I confessed that 1 had not. ** Well I believe it has been, established that under certain conditions oertain people may communicate to e%oh other simple ideas without any known material signs. 1 ' "Or looks?" I asked. "Or looks,''returned the Dootor, "By the expression 'material signs' I meant all ordinary means of communicating intelligence." I shook my head. " Come now," said the Italian with a smile, " have you never thought a good deal about an absent friend, and found a letter from him on your table next morning " Certainly," said I. " And what did that mean, but that you and your friend were in unoonscious but real mental communion with each other? Have yon never said to a visitor as he opened your door, ' I have just been thinking about you' ? " "Of course." " Aud what was that 5" " Merely a coincidence, I should saj." " Pardon me; the phenomenon is far too regular with some people to be accounted for in that easy way. My daughter, for example, can tell the hour of the day that I have been thinking of her if we agree in the morning that at some period of the day I shall fir my thoughts upon her for two or three minutes." " Is it possible !" "The result is not always satisfactory. Much depends upon our being under similar mental and physical conditions—something, I am inclined to think, on the weather, or rather the electrio condition of the atmosphere. But the number of successful experiments is singular. More than that, we can generally sucaeed in guessing what subject the other is thinking of, if both of us agree that the attempt shall be made." Dr. Beroni turned to his daughter, and took a pack of cards from a drawer. "Ina," he said, "do you mind letting Sir. Glendinning see whether you can guess the oard lam thinking of ?"* Ina emiled, and closed her eyes. The Doctor .cut the pack and showed me the bottom card —the queen of clubs—and then said aloud— " Now, Ina." The girl looked steadily into her father's eyes for a few seconds, and then said suddenly— "The queen of spades—or clubs—I can't be cure whioh." "That is not quite successful," said Dr. Beroni as he showed her the card, "try again." A sjain she closed her eyes, and her father made a sign to me that I should choose a card; I did so, and showed it to him for an instant before replacing it in the pack. It was the ace of diamonds. Again MisB Beroni fastened her eyes on her father's face, and nowsheanswered more readily than before— " The ace of diamonds '." " Yoa may imagine," said the Italian, " that my daughter and I are playing a little trick upon you—that we have some secret code of signals, or that unoonsoiously I give Bome indication in my countenance of the card I am thinking of, but it iB not so. Tbe experiment sometimes succeeds when we are separated from each other. Let us try. Yon leave the room, Ina, and Mr. Glendinning and I will think of Bome name." The girl went out into the ball, and I suggested the name " Mr. Irving." " Bend your will with all your power," said the Doctor, "on the intention that she shall know it, and I will do the same." A short interval of silence followed, during which I wished intently that Ina would think of the actor whom I had named. Then Ina gently opened the door and uttered Mr. Irvine's name. By this time I was greatly interested, and indeed somewhat 6xoited. "May I try?" I asked. " I am curious to know whether I have any share in this wonderful faculty." '' Certainly." returned the Dootor. He and his daughter stood side by side, and I stood faoing them. "Shut your eyes, Mr. Glendinning," said Ina, in her low, musical voice, "after you have looked steadily at us, and perhaps a sort of picture of the card we are thinking will appear to you when your eyes are shut. It does so to me." I turned away my head while they glanoed at a oard, and then I looked straight into the Doctor's piercing eyes. They seemed to exercise a strange spell over me—to hold mine, as it were, in their grasp. It was almost with a sense of relief that I turned to look at his daughter. Her beautiful dark eyes met miae frankly and fearlessly. A kind of thrill passed through my frame, and I put my hands before my face. Slowly the image of a card formed itself before my sight just as if I had been looking at it for some minutes under a strong light, and had then shut my eyes. " The 3ve of hearts.!" I exclaimed, almost involuntarily. " Right 1" cried the Doctor with enthusiasm. "You have tbe gift." Several times we repeated the experiment in turn, and we found that we were very often, but not invariably, successful in telling the card or the name of a person or a place of which the others were thinking. " It is well known," said Dr. Beroni, "that the same thing can be carried a little further by the help of tbe mesmeric sleep." He turned to Ina, who was reclining in a low chair by the fire, and fixing his ayes on hers, made a fe jv passes before her face. Pre- . sently she fell asleep. The Doctor then jotted down on a slip of paper lying before me the subjects of which he chose to think, and Ina, without being questioned, began voluntarily to spaak of the topics her father had selected. After a little Dr. Beroni handed his pencil to me, and I wrote on the paper before me the first word that came into my head—"the moon"—and earnestly willed that she should think of it along with me. "It is a bright moonlifrht night,murmured the unconscious girl. " I see a long stretch of yellow sand, and the moon shines clear over the sea. There is a ship with her sails set, though there is no wind. She is driving fast against the rocks. See how quickly she comes on! What can save her? They are climbing the rigging. They are not men—they are ghosts!" The girl moaned in her sleep, and, with a few passes of his hands, her father aroused her from her trance. As for me, I was amazed, thrilled, almost horror-stricken. This girl, whom I had never seen in my life before, had followed the halfinvoluntarily workine of my brain, as if my inmost thoughts had been laid bare to her ! I had been thinking of a story I had read somewhere about a phantom ship with a ghostly crew who had once been a gang of wreckers, and which was constantly seen driving on the rocks of the wild coast of Cornwall on bright moonlight nights, though there was no wind to urge her to destruction. I had thought of all thiB, almost without intending it, and I could hardly help a feeling of awe at the idea that I had unwittingly admitted another human being to stand, as it were, in the seoret places of my mind. I Btammered out an apology for the uneasy feeling which I had caused to Miss Beroni: she received it with a half-shy, bnlf-amused smile; but her father seemed hardly to hear me. He was plunged in thought. "Do you remember what you said when you were under the mesmerio sleep ?" I asked. Apparently Dr. Beronihad been too absorbed in his speculations to notice that I had spoken, for before his daughter could answer my question he interrupted with— " Come, Mr. Glendinning; it is your turn now." "To be mesmerised? No, thank you; you really must excuse me," said I; " besides, it is getting late, and I have to get back to town." The truth was, I did not care about subjecting myself in this way to a man of whom I really knew nothing. " Perhaps we may return to these experiments 6ome other evening," said the Doctor, with a smile. I replied that I would' be delighted to do bo ; and to tell the truth, I felt that I would gladly share in any experiments, however impractical and absurd, that cave me a chance of breathing now and then the same air as Ina Beroni. * For a. description of a series of such experiments, which were made under circumstances which precluded all suspicion of trickery, see an article on " Thought Reading' in the Nineteenth CenUtiyior June, 1SS2- An old writer says:—"When men lived in houses of reeds they had constitutions of oik. When they live in houses of oak they have constitutions of reeds." Evidently the truth inculcated is that the better the air and more bountiful its supply the healthier is the inmate of a house, be it palace or cottage. Open your windows at the top, where possible sleep in a room with a fireplace, sprinkle Faulding's Eucalyptus oil freely around, and take an occasional doBe of their Eucalyptus Extract, and you will prolong life as well as render it more comfortable and enjoyable. 23 