THE STORY OF ANDREW FAIRFAX. CHAPTER V.-CONTINUED. The following morning he received a letter from Mr Pinns, asking him to call at his office that day at eleven o'clock, when he would explain to him what his powers to help him were. Andrew was not late in keeping the ap pointment, although his heart did not beat with very high hopes. Still, he met Mr Pinns very cheerfully, and tried to suppress his disappointments. It was in a little room, at the back of a printing office, in which that gentleman received him. Cer tainly there was no luxury in the premises of the Soho Times. The place was musty, and ill- arranged. Great heaps of papers were thrown into the corners of the room, while facing a window, the only one, was Mr Pinns' desk. There were three chairs -a high one, suited to the desk ; an arm chair, a great deal torn, with the springs showing; and a hair-seated one, likewise revealing the material with which it was stuffed. The carpet had been new a great many years before, but at present it was impossible to discover its pattern. More over, in several places it revealed the nature of the flooring. Mr Pinus wore a short greasy coat, the sleeves of which were slightly turned up, while on his feet was a pair of office slippers, which had the advantage of being very airy. " \\\Well, you've come," he said to Andrew. " Yes, l've come." "And not thought better of it, eh ? I didn't expect to see you again. Why, you can see now the value of the literary pre fession. It isn't worth a straw, I tell you, not a straw. Um!" "' hope it may be worth a great deal to i me," said Andrew. "1 hope so-yes I, hope so. But do you I know, young man, that in the whole of London, among the hundreds of newspapas t that are published, there's not more than i about a scure that pay anything worth i mentioning? And do you know, too, that it's nearly iml:ossi.le fur any one to get on t the staff of those few ?" "' They must be written for," said Andrew, I "and in time- " "There, there, it's just like me to seek to t discourage you. Young fello.v, I'm very foolish, very. As a iule I take notice oi nobody but myself, and I'm not worth taking notice of. But when I saw you, I liked you. W\y, I don't know, but I did. Of course 1 1 did not know what you were up to, but I thought you must be wanting employment. Well, it seems you couldn't get any, and so I thought I might help you. Help you-bahh 1 Still you must do something. This paper ot f mine isn't worth--um-well, never mind, t but it isn't worth mucki." " Might I ask its circulation?' f "Circulation I Young man, know that that is an editor's secret. Never let any one know the circulation of a paper, unless it's enormously large; always say it is the most widely-circulated paper in the district, there- n for best medium for advertisements, etc. " 1 see," said Andrew, smiling. "Ah, unm, I'm glad you see. Well, now look here, I shall do you no good, and you'll do me no good, that's certain; but there, do you care to help in a starvation business like this f" " Fes," replied Andre. '. Badly as he wante?l to do something, it re quired an effort f.or him to give this answer. Hie ha.l always thought of an editdr as a gentleman, reffaed, thoughtful; while here was this little man the very opposite of his conception. "Are you fond of reading ?" "Very.", bi "Novels ]" - " Goodonts:." di " Can you real French-German ?" - "Yes." " Could you translate a book from either of t' those languages I" 'I daresay." "Um." Andrew looked at th.b little man, wonder-. ing what was coming next. " Do you think you could write a review of P a book ?" "A review-why ?" g "I have books-of a sort-sent me for review. I generally have them slashed up in style." " Uo you review them yourself ?" asked Andrew, thinking of the worth of his opinion. c "No, I don't, but the fellow who's doing that work leaves me next week-and good riddance, too. I could make it half a crown I a week more if you could take on that kind a of thing." " I'm afraid I couldn't," said Andrew. " Afraid-why ?" "I'm afraid my literary judgment is not sufficiently matured. I-I- ?" "Literary judgment be hanged I You I know whether you like a book or not. If you do, say so, sad say it's the novel of the I year ; and if yun.don't, why, say it'sB waste of time to read it. Use strong adjectives, and put them on thick. That's what people like in reviews.' "Indeed I" "Yes. Nobody cares about reading the analysis of abook; they want strong opinions. Adjectives very thick." " I should like it of all things, but-" "Well, we'll see. Now there's something else. You want to write stories 1" " Very much. I should like to write a real novel, one that's worth- " "You couldn't do it-yet. But if ever you do, you won't get it read. Books worth reading don't get a sale. The world of novel readers like dash, movement, excitement. I know that to read or to write them is a waste of time ; but that's what novel-readers want. Go to any of Smith's bookstalls and aik the clerks the kind of novel they can sell, and they'll tell you what I've just told yon." " But there's another class of readers than railway novel-readers." *"Yes, two"-and the lettle man puckered ibis forehead as he continued, "There's the so-called philosophical novel, which is really humbug, and those are read by prigs who pose as thoughtful men, but who are as great humbugs as the books they read. Then there's a class of novel almost unknown to 'you, but which has a larger sale than most of the well-known literature." -Indeed ! What " "The penny novelette. Stories for the young. Books for boys, full of revenge, murder, ghosts, and all that hind of thing. They sell by tens of thousands." " Indeed i" • Yes. Would you care to try and write for these people-bah ! But r'm sure you won't' " • . ::" ,What will they pay ' r"I don't know. I'll take you to an editor if you like. I know you'll be dis gusted,bsh! of courseyou'will,but Ican't ,io any more for you." SIndeed, Mr Finns was doing a great desa Evidently he was troubling a great as to fsow he could help Andrew, and only real liln'"g would have caused him to do it. " You 're very kind," -said Andrew, "very kind. I know I'm not fit for very much, and you are doing me real service." SIIumbug" said Ir Finns graflly. "There, there, let's' go and seeoneof these editors. Editors, bad-" As they left the office' of the Soho Timtes they met a gaunt badly-. ressedman about fifty years of age, who gr.Xentd P familiarly,, hnt to whom t'ta± gentlemai was vey dignified and very d1~'nt, " S"Her e those books. i','e reviewed them," said the manconfidently. ' Could you settle up now I" "'Very well, Williams," said Mr Fmins loftily; "give them to one of the cl'rks." "tm off next Wednesday." "Very well, Williams, it-it is possible I may be in on Tuesday evening." " I'd prefer the money now, if you don't object," said Williams; "and, besides, y ou know there are those--" " Really, Williams," said Mr Pinns, with great dignity, "1 can't attend to such little matters now. I have business with this gentleman. I'll write yof a cheque when I've time." "A cheque, eh b ?" saidWilhams; why, ~wRiltever--" "I hope you'll d l on the WVednesday Moon, Williams. I done my best' for you. Good-day, ms, good-day." Andrew looked h r Pinns in astonish Sment He had o~e dignified all of a sudden.' The litti tan seemed to swell with importance, and looked as though all the neighbour I belonged to him. "One is obligd o keep such fellows in their place," sail Mr Finns; and then, turning confiden to the young man, he said, " Willams been our reviewer:'." " What," said raw, " ii public opinin to be influenced bsuch as he?" : Mr Pinns becks silent, and thus :im-1 portant. • ] From that a Mr Pinns regarded Andrew as one oft e staff of the Soho Times and while he reained on'it the little man magnified his soiice. He never spoke slightingly of literature; ho was never familiar. Mr Finns carried two sets of manners. One, blunt, grumpy, and free this for his friends; the other, important and reserved-for his subrdinates. The two walked together along Fleet street, and, after awhile, turned up one of the narrow alleys which led into a not- I work of others, and here Andrew.was first 1 introduced to a phase of life of which he was ignorant, and to a literature of which I he had not dreaad. -t CHAPTER VI. THE BOTTOI aUNMO. " Both Goothe and Schiller were pro foundly convinced that Art was no luxury a of pleasure, no mere amusement to charm I the idle, or relax the careworn; but a 1 mighty influence, serious in its aims, al- F though pleasurable in its means ; a sister of Religion, by whose aid the great world 1 scheme was wrought into reality."-LxwEs' I Life of Goethe. Andrew had thought Mr finns' editorial sanctum terribly dingy and inconvenient, but it was a palace compared to the one into which he was ushered. It was little more than a dirty box with a hole in it, while, owing to the fact that an oil stove, the only means of warming the box, was in a bad condition, the smell of paraffin was simply abominable. Certainly the glories of literature did not seem glorious I at preeenl. The ioan'in the box turned round on Mr I inns'entrance,and greeted him familiarly. 'Holloa, linns, what have you got in my way ?" "Perhaps not much, perhaps' a great deal," replied Mr Finns gravely.: "" Let me introduce to you this young gentleman, Mr Andrew Fairfax." Then, turning to Andrew, he said, "'This is Mr Adolphus Vellum, the editor of a large number of serials foryoung people." Mr Adolphus Vellum looked far more like a barman than an editor. Hie had a face that was large, red, and florid. He w~re a great deal of jewellery that did not look of a very first-rate order. His shirt front was dirty, and his nails were in a very bad condition. Still Mr Adolphus appeared shren d, and evidently understood i his business. He stared at Andrew as though he were not sure about his position. lie had the appearance of a gentleman of means,while his beingthere.in the company of air Finns suggested his connection with the lower walks of literature. • o, before committing himself by either speaking in a friendly or in an editorial way, he asked Mr Finns what he could do for Mir Fairfax. •' This young man has been u'nfortunate," said 3lr.l'inns. . Mr. Adolphus Vellum knew how to treat Andrew then. " Ah, I s'pose so," he said. "Doi't mistake me," said Mr. Finns while Andrew "writhed. "He 'has been brought up as a rich, man's son. The man whom he believed to be his-near .relation died,-and bi' has been thrown on the world:' " Well, what for that?". asked Mr 'Adol phus Vellum, looking at Andrew from head to foot. \- I have taken him on my staff," said Mr Finns with dignity, "" and I have brought him to you, as I know he could.be of service to you." "' That be blowed I" skid Mr Vellum with plithe emphasis. "' If he's what you say he is, what use is he to. me ? I want no greenhorns here." Had Andrew been alone, he would have walked out and left Mr Adolphus Vellum in possession of his box with all its dignity butt Mr Finns gave him a look which de cided him to remain. •" Mr Fairfax has great literary taste, great literary ability. He is a scholar-a University man, in fact, and perfectly acquainted with French and German " as hlr Pinns gave this little speech, he looked vastly important, and waved his hand as though he were doing MIr Adolphus Vellum a great honour. Indeed, he made an impression on that gentleman, who began to unbend a little. S"And what can I do for. Mr Fairfax ?" he said, with editorial dignity. " He wishes to enter the field of litera ture as a profession," said Mr Finns. " He wishes to rival Thackeray, Dickens, and Dumas.; so I've brought him to you." All tlis time Andrew had not spoken. At first he was indignant and disappointed, but he lecame interested and amused. Mr Vdlum turned to Andrew. " Of course you will understand," he said, " tfat the author is born, and 'not made. If you wish to take a position in literature, it must be by steagly persever ance. I myself," and be swelled with dignityi "have had to win my spurs. I begin ass-a printer's devil, in fact, and now i'm-well, Finns knows what I am," and he loiked proudly around his box. "I hat brought Mr Fairfax to you .Vellum,"-and 'Mr Finns became some what bruque, that is, he lost for a moment his editeral dignity-" because I knew that you-you would on my recommenda tion give vbhat he might send to you-a-a '-a-fair -eading. '"Yes, ci yes;' said. Mr Vellum, with importano.. "You muist know," turning to Andreznagain, "that: editors in such a large wayas .I am," and he looked com placently around his box, "can't waste time in reding the stuff of men unknown to literatue. As a rule wemust have men of note.. lhy, think of the men who write for us .plere's Wilkmins and Lewkins, and manymbn e?ually renowned. Of course I made thir fortunes, but we are always honorable and. stick to bold contributors. Our reades.are oni .the lIdok-osut for'wiell known wriers, so I can assure you tha you are vey fortunate in getting Finns to recommens yoii., Otherwise, 1 couldi't i think of guaing'yotu such an interview. as Even to Andre? the dirty box with a 1 hole in it hgan to,grow in unportance. aw'.1-am e sv irS very kind of. you," said and Mr Lekis hmote P"' !: !. ', What !did you never hear of Wilkimn, author of 'hste Battle with lthe Giost, or of SIewkins, uthior~ of. Three Bjring-heeled Ja'cks ? Wb'man; where have you lived ?" v Waelltvi 7hved among text-lbooks a good deals. said Andrew, " and so I amnot conversantith ciurrent literature." '; •' 1 shoul: thlnk that. you must have lived out'otthe world,'" said Mr Vellum. " Why, we'e, sold thousands of copies. of t The Battle si the Ghost." ",It's a triking title," said Andrew. n Might Ikk.what it's published at P": '"' We pdlish everything at a usiifo?n S price," eaisr Vellum. "We charge a penny for;~rything." Andrew '?i pothing, but he could not " Might lask'yotr ate e of papnent P" he said. t home pts a uniform price foi every I thing?' saicMr Adolphus Vellum, with dignimty; "v doesn't." His grammar was h defective at;imes, and although I have h n'ot insertedthem, his conversation was h often garnised with peculiar epithets. e "There are ame,"he went on, "as always peys sixpela page, but we," tapping his r, breast, "ale recognise ability and ox perience, and are willing to pay for it. WYe begin at fourpence a page, and we've gone as high as eightpence-ha'p'ny." Of course, that's very seldom ; out we've done it." " how many words in a page F"' "Three hundred as near as a toucher." " So if you accepted anything from me, yon would begin by giving me fourpence." "That's it. Of course, to get on is the great thing. Many authors is. glad 'to write for iiothing at first; but as I say, we pay fourpence. .,Then we can always com mand'a sale, so we place a man'before the public immediately. When we put our name on the title-page of a book, the public knows it's good." Andrew did not dare to ask iuhat name, as such ignorance would be unpardonable. S"Then," went on lir Adolphus Vellum, 'we translates from the French. For that we also pay well." "Might I'ask how.much P , "Well, there, it's a case of reckoning against genius.. Of course,; genius is rare, so for that matter is scholarship. So we put one against the other, in this, manner. We reckon' scholarship as: about, equal to high-class ability; but not up to genius. As I said, for right down genius we've paid as much as eightpence-ha'p'ny a page, but for high-class ability we pays sixpence a pae ; so we also pays sixpence a page for translations." ;"And if I write something for you, of what nature 'should it be '" "Plenty of action. Fightin' and robbin' and midnight meetin's, and like that. Uead the police news a goodish bit; and look here, you can take back some things as a sample 'of what we 'publish," where upon Mr Adolphus Vellum opened a cup hoard that was placed on the side of the box, from which he took half-a-dozen pedny books, the covers of which were embellished with pictures of a very startling nature. :"This is the kind of thing we do," con tinued Mir Vellum, " ad it is the only thing as goes right well. Of course I can't pro mise to take what you write offhand, and, as. i said, I shouldn't have looked at any thing but for such a recommendation as Pinns.' But if you can bring me some thing slashing-well, we're good for four pence a page, a page meaning three hundred words as near as atoucher. Stay, though; on Pinn's recommendation 'll give you a French thing to translate. It's a jaicy thing, and we'll pay sixpence for that if it's well done." " But suppose I were to give my whole time to writing and translating for you, ho.v much could I make?" asked Andrew. SWell, that just depends upon the quickness of your working. Some men can and do write as many as twenty 'pages a day. That at fourpence a page comes to six and eightpence, which means a matter of two pound a week. Of course, when you can command the top price, the income is is-is--princely." And Mr Vellum looked like a merchant prince who contemplated endowing a hospital; nay, rather, he looked like a member of a Board of ,Guardians, promising some poor out door-relief woman a matter of sixpence a week more on ac count of continued sickness. . Andrew left soon after, and went back to his den with a weary heart. Mr Pinns ac companied him a part of the way, and assured him that Mr Vellum would, doubt less, accept his stories if he would put sullicient blood-curdling excitement into them. "Goodness knows I have work enough at last," thought the young man. "What aith collecting ndws for Mr Finns's paper, reviewing his books, and. writing for Mr Adolphus Vellum, Ihave my hands full." And he laughed almost bitterly. He sat down before his smoky fire, and began to think. It was a dreary prospect that lay before 'him. He, educated as a gentleman,:obliged to work for a man like fry Adolphus Veluzin-inorderto.get breadt I Surely, surely he could do something else I He thought of his experiences in trying to get work, and he could see not a particle of. hope in that quarter. Then his mind went back to the old life, and he thought of 'his oid friends. •"`o, no," he said bitterly, setting his teeth, " 1 will rather starve than have any thing to do with them. Besides; I should go mad now to be dependent on any one tor my bread. I'll face the matter fairly. i'm a Working farmer's son. "I" have no aristocratic blond in my veins.' All my an cestors worked among the fields for a bare living. It'was by'pure accident I gotlifted into another sphere of life. I had no right to it ; 1 never did anything for it. I am a plebeian. Still, Ihave enough of my fore fathers' honesty and pride in me.not to be dependent on, or 'sponge on, any, one. I have hands and brains, and I can work. It is no use for me to go hungering after the old life. It can never be mine until I have earned it." Again he set before his mind the em ployment he hadobtained. Gathering one column of news a week, for which he was to receive five shillings ! An occasional re view of some cheap book by an unknown publisher, which might bring' him half a crown extra. In addition to this there was 'penny dreadful" work for Mr Adolphus Vellum. Hle had heard of the "penny dreadful" literature before, but he never knew What it meant until now, and the thought that he was to engage in it was almost sickening; "l'll see what this French thing is like," he said; and accordingly he proceeded to read it. It belonged to one of the worst phases of French literature. It.was written to catch the eye of the French youth. It made heroes of burglars, thieves, pickpockets and blacklegi. : It hid their vileness by a coat of bravado and physical courage, while for heroines, music- hall favourites;, and the like, lost to purity, but still made attrac tive to evil minds, were chosen. It was the ditchwater of literature, calculated to poison, to ruin the lads. and girls who .might read it. And yet it was the work of an educated man. It bore the stamp of culture. It revealed t?oe Wiriter's intimacy with the classics; it pointed out on every page that he was a man of power. Andrew flung it from him. . " No, no," he said, "I will never trans' late such poison as this. I'llnever disgrace 'my pen by tracing such things 'on papaer. ['ll starve first."' And this was literatlure--this mas' the work he had adopted i ' " S"No," he cried, "I won't do it. I'll try to get'work again. I'll emigrate first. I've got eniough money to take me to one of the' colonies, and tnere 1i'll get work as a farnier. ;I shall'quickly pick it up;'iand be able to earn an honest living that way." He siat' "down' at the littl? table,;and began to write- '' 7.." I have decided, after, all, not to accept the post'you kindly offer me as a member of your staff " He Wrote so far, and stopped. The words refused to come freely, and he bit his pen holder fiercely, He forced himself to write again, however. S'1 have come to the conclusion that I am not suited for a literary life, and so have abandoned the idea of becoming-" Again he stopped, and looked around the room. He thought some one was there 'speaking to him; but it was quite empty, and he tried to write again. In' vam, how ever. It seemed as though words were ringingin his ears, telling him his duty. "I can't do it," he said, as if in answer, while the response to him was, "'You must bh an author. It is your vocation in life, and it is at your peril that you fail in your work." He threw down his pen, and again the picture of an ideal literary career appeared so him. Then, again, it was an inspired life, expressing the highest and best hopes of the people. For a time his eyes were opened I nd he saw that an ideal writer should fight for trutlh and righteousness, even as Gideon fought for the Lord long ages ago. He saw him revealing to the world the gaping sores of the time, and offering balms ny which they could le cured. iHe saw him as a prophet, telling how, through purity and love, a brighter age should dawn, and a higher life be realized, ;- ' 4" For a ti?eb he was lost to his surroundings. He was no longer conscious of the shabby room in which he wrote. He forgot his in' terview with the editor of . the "penny dreadful' literature. He seemed tohear far, voices crying' for help. He fancied he saw eager faces' with great longings expressed on them, but they did not seem: to know what: these, longings were. . He saw life downtrodden and weary; he saw men into whose eyes' the gleam of true hope had never come.: But above all came the feeling that he must explain their hopes, that he' must tell the glad. news whereby they might know the meaning of life. •.. ........ I have but dimly and poorly portrayed this paut or.my friend's life. He never cared to talk very much about it. It seemed too sacred, he said. To him it came- an'a vision frdm God, and he dared not disobey. :"I'll stay in London," he said at length; "at any rate I'll stay until I feel I ought to leave. I feel that 1I have another life than interest. I must do my duty." : He threw asilo the filthy French novel. "I" cannot translate it," he said ; "but 'll 'write stories for boys that shall be wvorthy their'reading. I'll make them inter esting' and exciting ; buti I'll make' them true, and manly, too. I'll not preach, but I'l try and lead them to love purity, truth; and nobleness." After that tis. mind became settled. fHe put away the letter he had began writing'to Mr Pines. and starteii to work out a plot of a 'storyg for which Mr Adolphis ,Vellum, editoer of the '"penny..dreadful series;.had' agreed to pay him the magnificent sum of tourpence a page. : , APTICR VII. ":Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, into a land that I wsll show thee: and? will bless thee, ,and thous shalt be a bless ing."-THE BOOK OF GENESIS. "To every man comes a vision of him self, his real self, his possible self-himself as God would have him be; and it is for him to translate that vision into actual life."-SEsECTED. I will not linger long over this part of my friend's career. As I said at the close of the last chapter, he finally adopted a litwrary life, because he felt he must. Necessity was laid upon him; and he could not resist the command. And yet he had no great message to give to the world; his thoughts refused to be shaped, his pen dragged heavily. Grimly 'and wearily he lid his work for the newspaper. Distaste Ful as it was, he perseveringly hunted up items of news for which week by week he received live shillings. He enjoyed the re viewing work a great deal more, but even this was not in accordance with his tastes. Most of the books submitted to him were inferior stuff, and so he never felt inclined to spend Ihuch time over them. With regard to his story writing, he was not very successful. Mr Adolphus Vellum informed him that he wasted his talents by not starting on right lines. " What I wants," he said vigorously, "is not sermons, but stories. What cares I about morals! They don't sell a book. What sells a book is plot, intrigue, mys .ery, murder." " But," said Andrew, " I want my stories to be of'a good, healthy nature." "Healthy nature be blowed !" said Mr rellum. "Now this :story," referring to one Andrew -had submitted, "would be a right dowii good one but for your con founded morality. You've got excitement and plot. That's right'; but I don't want people to be made uncomfortable: I don't want for the lads to be told that it's better to tell;the truth- than to be able to use tllbir fists. :I'll use this one, and I'll give fourpence a page as I said, because a little sh'angoelwon't,do.any,harm shsut letls.hae' none of it in the future." ... :, Clinut Andrew stuck to his principles. He wrote stories for the " penny dreadful" sries, taking care, however,'not to be un faithful to what he conceived to be his duty.. tleanwhile he .tried to get stories accepted by 'respectable magazines-in vain. He wrote on every conceivable sub-. ject, and 'sent' his articles yo the editors with a hopeful heart, but was generally disappointed: Still, he managed to live. His expenses were not large, and although fourpence a page was miserable pay, he managedto keep his head.above water. In fact, he was so far successful that he was able to put a good psirt 'of the monry he had brought from his old home into the savings bank. In'addition to his regular work, he spent many hours on'a novel, hoping thereby to lift himself by one great effort out of the miseralble groove in which he found him self. He started it just before Christmas, and by 'continuous labour he managed to flaishit by the following June. ltwas cer tainly an ambitious work, longer than the orthodox three-volume novei. He dealt with high life, entering into the pleasures, weakness, and habits :of the people who live'in.Park Lane and Grosvenor Square.' 'Carefully hd wrote it, carefully he re vised it, and as carefully did he wrap it up ,ind take it to agood firm of publishers. In a week he received hisanswer. It was brief and ,.ver3. 'concise: ." Messrs Guiardian & Co. beg,;o thank Mr Andrew Fairfax for t he offer of his story, ' A Romance of High Life;'but regret that they are nmable touse it. Messrs G. & Co. therefore beg to re hirn the MS herewith." Thus ran the letter, and as Andrew read it he 'felt a terrible weight on his chest. The novel had cost him weary months of hard labour.-: Surely, surely so msich work coild not be in vain ! Failure dogged his heels. And yet he felt that this was his work; and that to it he was called to give his life as surely as St. Paul was called to preach Christ. What, meant this non success then? It is true he did not feel satisfied with his work; but what writer' does P He knew he had not given utter arsace to those longings which were surging within him; but then, somehow, he could not int them into words. What was he to .He came oit of his dingy den and went towards the river. :The daywas' fine, the sumn was shininig lbrightly. He saw one of the river beats drawing up to the Temple Pier.: Withobit thinking, he bought: a ticket and got on the boat. The lictle steamer ploughed its way up the river in sight of great and historie buildings, but Andrew: heeded them not. Lambeth Palace, the Housest of Parliament, Wes minster Abbey, and MIillbank Prison were all alike to him. The sights he saw were fir away, the objec:s that flitted before his mind were not tangible or real. The people on the boat watched him, so absorbed did he seem, but he knew nothing of it. He had forgotten his surroundines, forgotten the muddy river, whoso waters, spite of the mud, flashed in the sunlight; forgotten London, in fact. He was living with people far away. He saw hands beckoning lhim but he knew not what they meant; he heard voices calling him, but knew not from whence they came. Was he asleep ? If so, he was asleep with open eyes; yet surely he had again seen a vision, almost the same that flashed before his mind when he had determined to give up the idea of a literary career. He was aroused at length, however, by the creaking of the boat, and cries of " Pimlico Pier," and then, careless of what he did, he landed. He wandered away among the monotonous streets of Pimlico, a part of London in which perhaps it is more easy to get lost than any other, be cause the houses and streets are nearly all alike-until he found himself in Eccleston Square. Arrived here, he stopped for a second, and leaned against the railings which protect the gardens. A carriage stopped at one of the houses, close to where Andrew stood, and he watched closely. From it alighted two porsons, an elderly and a young lIdy. It was the latter who rivetted Andrew's gage. He did not see her scarcely asecond, for she passed quickly into the great house. He could not describe a particular feature of her face, or detail of her person; and yet he knew that he should recognise her Si. ,. " if he eve saw her again. The door of the house.c ed,.the.carriage was driven away to the s ables, while Andrew walked to wards V etoria Station. - "!Live pool Street biu," shouted a man; "all the way for tuppeuce," and Andiew climbed the top while the horses began their jo ney. Perbe s there is no way 'of seeing a large p of London so well as by riding on thet p of a bus from Victoria to Liver-., pool Str et. ' You pass theprincipal build ings of he City; you go through the most crowde thoroughfares;' ,you :.go .right throug the heart of the world.:: Andr w felt this as the conveyance rumble on. No longer was he dreaming as he ad been while on the river; no longar as he insensible to all but to the far-aw voices and beckoning hands which ad been so real to him. He:watched every ovement of the people, he felt every pulse 6f the great city. He noted the stately hotels and lofty chambers of 'Vic toria reet; he realised the grandeur of the ol Abbey and the towers of the great legislaive houses; he felt the movement of the ighty commerce of Whitehall, and the imposing: appearance of' Trafalgar Square. He saw, too,'the rushing life, tne crowdgdstreets, the streams of conveyances, the great river of human life that never ceased to flow. It was real to hinm, terribly real: What was Andrew Fairfax, what was any nan in such a place asl;ondon ? Men seemniil to lose their personality there, and to become merely units--drops in the great river that went sweeping on.. ; And yet he knew there were' governing.: minds ;?; he knewj as he passed' the crowds in 'the streets that although all seemed, alike, all were not alike. Stillit was mystery, .mys tery.' On he swept through the Strand, on to thi Law Courts, down Fleet Street, until he came to Ludgate Hill; and still it ,was the siame tremendcus roar, the. same rush for existence. Then the mighty dome of St. Paul's appeared to him, and he' saw the golden cross which surmounted, it.lifted high in the heavens.- It was an emblem of salvation, and yet few appeared to realise it. Everything was great, imposing here. The broad flight of steps, the great doors, the stately carvings, the lofty towers, all impressed him with the majesty of the mind that conceived it all. This was Christopher Wren's message to his age, and he had given it grandly. .-True, the stone 'walls miglit crumble away, and in time the building would fall, but the idea of the great cathedral would live on. Into Cheapside went the bus, and still the same crowd.: On t'o the great civic buildings, the Exchange, the Bank, and still Andrew watched, and thought, and drew conclusions, and for the first time he was glad that he no longer lived in the luxury of a rich man's house. At last he realised that he had been led to think, and to see what he had never seen before. As the friend of the wealthy, he would, per haps, never have taken the trouble to think; now he felt he must-his environ ments had altered his life. He did not remain at Liverpool Street Station; indeed, without scarcely waiting a' second, he walked back towards his lodgings. When nearly arrived there, he rdalisnd' that he was. hungry, and that many hours had passed since he had par talcen of food. So he went into.a little coffee-house, where he partook of a cheap meal, after which he went back to his den, and sat for a long time almost as still as a statue. iHe looked at his watch. He had not been obliged to part with it yet,'ahd he was glad, for it had been given, to him by, the only' father he had even known. It was half-past eight o'clock, but it was a summer evening, and quite light. ,Putting .on his bat again, he. found his way td the little hotel at which lie had stayed when he first lsfiliisiold'home.'.,. ,. ! Was Mr Finns at home ? Yes. :MIr Pinna was in the coffee-room alone. Andrew found his way,there; he had not seen the room since he ceased to become an inunate of the hotel. Whenever he had seen the little editor, it had. been in the dingy office, who while there had magnified his position, and had treated Andrew as one of the staff, although there had been ofttimes an evident desire to break: down his editorial reserve andti become familiar A" A, Fairfax," he said, as Andrew en tered,'; nothing wrong, is there-hum ?" "I don't know," replied Andrew; "but I must talk to some one, and I have come to you.'" SWhat do you want P" ".Advice.".' ' 2 Ezra FPinns gave expression to one of his peculiar chuckles, and his editorial dignity broke down. t Advice, oh ?" he said." "Who listens to advice ?. -Nobody. You' will follow your owifways whatever' advice Imay"give:" ; "I ivant 'to"write," said Andrew ; "I' caiiiot waste niy time as I have been doing, and'yet I don't know which way to turn." " WVhyiren't you writing how P2 ' "iNot as I' wish. 'I simply s'ribble-I don't write. ' I saj'nothing worth'saying." W' Well.'whose fault is that' ?": M"y own, I [suppose.' Perhaps I have nothing to say, and yet I feel so'much." ell, say your feelinigs." 'i ,i'can't'They will not form themselves into words. Ithink I.want a cause ,to ad-. vocate ;"1 want'to' voice some grdat need'" "Why don't' you? There are. needs enough, God knows.' . " What are they?" ,. Ezra. Finns 'jumped to his feet, arid straddled up to Andrew. : You, an author, and talk like that? Stick to 'your reporting, my' lad; don't touch sacred things witn unclean' hands!" " You mistake me," said Andrew. "There are so many things that want doing that I can't think enough about one. Everything' is so big that I fail to grasp." Ezra Pinns looked at him steadily, and silently measured his man. Certainlythere wasnothing small,nothing weak about him. Both body and head were perfectly shaped, paid fully developed. Besides, there was nervons springiness of action, which indi eated a wondrous vitality. - . "What have you been doing lately ?I' he askedatlength. ':. : "Besides what you have kndown ab;t, I have written a novel." " Ah, taken itto a publishe'ur ? ,'Well '"? "Refused in every case .: : .;; " Just go-ve:ry likely. What was thle subject ?" : ' ' "I wrote about that of which I knew something." , ":'!:,.':- s.:' . "What?' - "West End life. " "But what phase of itl" ::? i ' ". " Their life generally. Their kolitics, customs, intrigues, and " " And of course the earl married the vir tuous youngest daughter, and all that kind of rubbish. Look here-did you express the deepest feelings of your heart in writing it I" "No," replied the young man, hanging his head. ",How then pould you expect it to be accepted. Young fellow, I know very little of West End life, but the people there have their feelings, their unutterable longings for higher things than those which engross them. Did you try and express that deeper life ?" Andrew shook his head. -'No wonder you failed, then. YouT write a society novel! It's not in you. You would feel it waste of time to try and de scribe what takes in a society novel, and I don't think you are able as yet to take in hand the more serious work. Besides, pub. lishers are sick of novels in high life. They have been steaming in by the thousand. lEery conceited fop and sickly girl think of writing a story of high life, who all in dulge in the same foolish absurdities." a' But I must write about something that l am acquainted with !" ! Yes, and you must be in sympathy weth your subject. Your characters ust~ ,asess you. They must live in you, and you in them-their woes yours, their de sires yours, their wants yours." 'Ezra Pinns spoke with an earnestness that,'almost amounted, to passion, and Andrew was astonished at his i"ntense .,Publishers are tired of hackneyed themes," went on Mr Finns, "simply be-. cause the people are tired. Not that some themes can be hackneyed-still, even they want;new settings.'": '!he struggles of the human heart=and, God knows, the human heart isa a curious :affair-are ever of interest,,but different phases of life require different interpretation.s Have you thought of any other -sides of London life beside that which you have-have-attempted to deal with-'obah-in: your iyour-bah= novel?"' " I've tried to think, but I cannot;' Lon don is too big for me. This afternoon I rode from. Victoria.to Liverpool Street. The life'.simply stunned me.' I could understand nothing.. So. much 'seemed' to want saying, but I did not. know what to say. I know that there is a great message to tell'out about. the commercial life-in deed; the whole of this great' city life-but I felt it was not for'me !"""' ' Notyet,perhaps,but-wellis that all?" "No, it's not all: Souie time ago.l went down to the East End. I spent a day there.' !' came :home' feeling sick.. It crushed me;' I was inis'irable for days, but I felt I could say. nothiiig. Ittis a great cesspool, but I could'n~dt tell how to clean i t ."' ' "But you'wanttd to?.", "." Wanted to? ' I-I longed to be able to interpret their hearts' yearnings, and to tell howv.the day might dawn; but I was in the dairk-all iii the dark" :' "And do you' think, yoii' fool, that you could see enough in a day, in a week, in a month, in a. year' to know' their needs ? The prophet who is to redeem the East End must live among them, be as they are, share their burdens, live under, their con ditions, see them in every phase of their life. I may be wrong, but I think their prophet will have to'come out of the East End.. Their own product, and yet pure, in spite of everything. No' doubt iesant made 'a sensation with his All Sorts and Conditions of MIen; no doubt he is a close observer, and possesses genius. , But he only touched the fringe of his subject. There is misery which he never even hinted at, heroisin of which, heodidn't seem to dream, pathos too .deep for language, poetry sublime. Man, the East End is a world by itself. I don't say to you, never tackle the E st End; but you want salot of preparation before you must dare to do it." I" feel it; but what would you have me doe' . " Do you still feel that you ;miist write ? nMusr ! mark you!" `" Yes," said Andrew, "II must. 'Every day [ seem to:hear some one telling me to write something reaL, .i ask what, and the only reply I get is, find out I have tried to give up the idea of becoming an author. I have thought of emigrating, of going to sea, of becoming a soldier.' I have no doubt I could soon pass the 'examination necessary for a. commission either in' the army or navy. But I couldn't do it. And so, though I have hates it, I have'written foryourpaper, and written for that " pehny dreadful" serie?? always' trying, however, to get something better. All the time I've been unsuccessful, and yet I feel Imust go on." 'Ezra Pinns gave a grunt of satisfaction. "Leave London ?" he said. "Leave London ! -Where would you have me go P" '" Your father was a farmer, wasn't" he!" "Yes." " Have' you never had any desire to go to the old: home?., Eh! .'Look here. Who keep the towns alive ! The village {people' -the couitry' people. But for them' the to nas.woild.die.out. The :excesses :of the 'tosins 'would eat out 'the ?vitality:.7The constant stream from the country keeps us alive. They feed us, they bring to us the strength of natural life. And yet the country is neglected !" ' Andrew gave a leap from the chair, his eyes flashing., "I know! I've seen !" he cried. SWhat'do you mean !" " I've got what I want at last. It's all clear now." " What will you -do !" said' Mr. Finns eagerly , e tL's go down to -my old home; I'll try and get work on'my father's old farm; ;'ll live among the country people, share their toil, enter into their life, and then--God hielping me, I'll tell their stdry!" Ezra 'Pinns'jumped to his feet, and a look ofglapdness came into his eyes. "Right ight, ght,"' he said, " and if'you are not '"a fool after all,' you will be a novelist, and by a novelist I mean-and, mark you, 1, would 'have all others driven fiom the' field 'of fiction-by a novelist I mean a poet,. a'preacher,'a leader of the people, a prophet, a man inspired.of God!" !Andrew thought of the distant voices which he'had heard, of the hands held up 'as if appealing for help, and the faces which. expressed unutterable longing, and heart fluttered strangely. "; Fairfax," continued the little man,and there was tenderness in his voice, " I knew whai you wsanted to do, and what yoJ 'ought to do a long time ago. At least, I thought I did. It struck me the first time I' ever spoke to you, and so I have-acted \--as-as I have. 1 tried to lead you to despise literature-and, mark you, a lot of literature 'should be despised. It is mere -well, never mind. I could. have done differently for you, but I wanted to-to 'see of what stuff you were made. I knew that if you could stand the work to which I introduced you, you must really love writing; if you didn't, well, it didn't matter. Besides, I knew you sadly wanted practical knowledge-a knowledge which the last nine months have given you. You m e ready to go out into the country to learn; but it must be a long time before you write. '" Yes, yes, I know,' said Andrew. "H ow willtyou lve in the country ? !: By workiuig."l W W"ith your head or body ? . r inngPi isve a grunt of stisfac~d n:". '"·When do you go ' he asked."-: '" STo-morrow. (T'o be conlinued.) ? H'ieias' a beggar with did worn 'clbthes, unwnashed face, unkempt hair, and unbrushed :':He: waded up to the counter of the hotel rieently and told between his sobs, tears, grdans and sighs how his stomach yearnea for a andwich. Clerk Sumner went to the seae, threw open its massive doors, and from its inner receptacles drew forth a new and shining five-cent piece, which he laid kindly and gently into the quivering and blackened beggar's hand. •* Now, my poor friend, what do you pro pose to do with that money ?" serionusly in quired the serious clerk. The beggar looked down at his soildol and tattered garments. He scanned his bene factor curiously for a moment, and then in a tremulous tone said : "'Young man, you see meas I am, wearing the habiliments of an outcast. Yet I am honest, and I will give you a truthful answer. I shall firat go and buy me a gooe supper, ,hca I will take a bath and a cocktail, and mayhap after that adorn this handsome form wvith a newsuit of clothes. If there is any of it left after that 'l shall, upon my word, deposit it in the bank. I am exceed ingly obliged. Good day." St e : Don't you like my new frock? le : No; I do not approve of tight lacing. She: You surely would not recommend loose habits 1. ' Do you suppose she rejected yoq becaus you were not rich enoughZ SWel,sle gave me to understndc'nd I was a mrn of no interest and not much principle.! •? ::;:C :::: ', , •:•::ca ?" ! i?:?:: ;, 