Parisian Letter. (FROM OUR OWN CORltF.arONDENT.) Paris, October 10. I A new edition of the; " black book'' is pre pared by the Parisian master- tailors. This work, in which fchoy insert the names of all those customers who do not pay, was origi nally published seventeen years ago. The method by which the bonk is compiled is that every tailor gives the, name, address and pro fession of every customer who has not paid up with regu arity, and any person who is a bad payer finds the channels of credit barred for him whenever the book is consulted. Of the names which figure in the book a large number aro marked, " profession unknown." In those cases whore the profession Í3 known, the majority are tradesmen, 254 of whom ap pear in the book. Commercial travellers come next, with . 186 ; then students, 74 ; publicans and journalists, 81 of each ; pro fessors, 72 ; engineers, 60. There are also included 46 artists, 40 actors, 40 servants or waiters, 37 druggists, 36 financiers, 33 archi tects, 27 doctors, 27 jewellers, 27 working men, 16 musicians, 14 "rentiers," 12 book makers, and 7 sculptors. To the honor of concierges, be it said, that there is only one black sheep amongst them, an honor they share with the far less numerous vocations of Jigyptologists and " ex-Mayors." The most appropriate entry in a " black book" is that of " one negro." An important murder trial has just been concluded at Mans. A man named Bardot was charged with assassinating.his mistress, the Comtesste Christiane du Chateau, a woman who, in spite of her title, was of very loose morals. Ho had forbidden lier to associate with a woman who was oven worse than hersolf, and on finding her in this woman's company, told her to leave. On her refusal ho stabbed her in the bronst, inflict ing a wound from which she died a few minutes later. The public prosecutor im plied that ho did not object to extenuating circumstances, being probably aware that the jury would find them in any case, and Bar dot, in five years' time, will be once more loose on society. A rather important decision was given by the court in the suit recently instituted by M. Eiffel against M. Lemarguis, the legal re presentative of the Panama shareholders, to restrain him from putting an embargo upon certain funds belonging to the plaintiff, de posited in different banks, and said to amount to about 18 million francs. M. Eiffel was non-suited, the court maintaining the war rants issued in force. Whilst lie was doing his twenty-eight days at Pennos, a sergeant named Hus met in a barber's shop his captain. The sergeant's appearance was not sufficiently spruce to satisfy the captain's critical taste, and he was therefore reproved. The sergeant bore the scolding stoically, but a few days afterwards, when his period of training was over, he again met the captain in the barber's shop, and returned tlio slanging with interost. For this ho has just been tried by court martial and sentenced to five yearâ' hard labour for insulting a superior officer. At the banquet which was held on the 23rd inst., to celebrate the anniversary of the foundation of the Republio, M. Goblet made an important speech on the lines to bo adop ted by the Radical-Socialist party, in the Ohambor. The definitions aro not very clear, and tho aims of the party do not seem likely to be obtained. They comprise " a progres sive transformation of tho social state," which, without partaking of all the ideas of Socialists, would have many points in com mon with them. Amongst these would be tho abolition of tho monopolies of tho Bank of France and the mininp; and railway com paniesj the separation of church and state, and tho revision of the constitution. " Can wo really say that we live under a Riipublic, that is, tho government of tho country by the country," said the orator, " when forsevoral months after th<? genoral olections we remain without representation between two Assem blies, onu of which lias ceased to exist, and the other is not yet called into life, and the head (if tho executive power rules France alone with the Ministers?" M. Goblet could not state exactly what the policy of tho Ohambor was likely to be. He hoped it woul.l ho Kaclical, but, in any coso, no was (lead against "Republican Concenlratioii." Ho would like to sea the Deputies arranged in two groat partios, the largor o£ which would bo in powor. As to the honourable Deputy, who is an ex-Ministor, not much change was made by tho government whilo that gentleman was in power, although thoro were a lot of Deputies in tho Chamber, who asked tho samo thing as M. Goblot now does. Thoro is a great difference betwoon being a candidate and boing in power, and the French proverb ia quite light in saying : " Plus Que en change,pluse' est la même chose." A s to the partisans of tho Republican con centration, thoy havo by no means givon up tho ghost. They maintain that a homogene ous Ministry, although highly desirable, is impossible, or, at least, that its formation is prematuro. They 8'iy that a solid majority must bo founded on a common political pro gramme, and that then only a homogenous Ministry can bo formed. But as there is no chance of Opportunism, it muet bo con fessed that thoro is something in it. Never theless, if thoro is no common programme, there is n common sentiment that envy wi 1 tak'iits place, and that is tho Rcivhnen- of resistance to tho ultra-Radical programmo. Hoco thoro is undoubtedly common ground on which a majority can t ike its stand, and a Ministry, reproseiitine; this majority, would not be difficult to form. Indeed, the simple polioy of resistance is tho best of all possible programmes, because it ia easior to agree upon what is not wanted, than to framo a programmo on which tho majority can cor dially agree, . 