'How Shall we Decide this Question.' '. Sow wftu* m -** «»r«e -to ftave no appttite ... Joryour dinner, or to have no dinner fur your *Thete are lots of people on the one side or theothorbftbUqnestion. When 'good di _^it.« waits mi anbBtite' and health «n ? ?? |oth,'thatiB tbe ideal attitude of a person ' ' towardi his meal. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too inch food without an appetite, ora vigorous ?appetite without enough to satisfy H. Different folk will anmrer this question differently, yet the .common sense of it is ?that within rearooable limits it is better to havo an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, e hungry m&n; is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel )ik» eating, stands in need of ' alterations and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a communication in whioh the writer says, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel againct the nourishment lived onP If the latter, why P Let him clear-the mystery himself. He says, ' In tbe year 1889 I chauged my work from Railway porter to signalmen. | I bad been signalman twelve months, ana then all at once, ho to Bpoak, I did not feel I myself. My tnou'h tasted bad, so that or dinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, BDpeared to have nothing to Bay to them. One thing was. like another, and none was good. My tongue wan coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive, and my appetite poor, with pains thiouffh the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I ate anything. Then I whs greatly troubled with wind. It would gather Bfi it felt like » ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there wait what he calls a piicking sensation at his heart, as though it were priokod with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times ho was attacked with spasms, the agony of which wah so severe that the swe.it rolled off him. ?'I dreaded,' he says, 'the thought of -eating, and many a scanty meal hare 1 made, for 1 W8B afraid to eat. ' After a lituQ I pot into a loir, weak, nervous condition, and felt miseiable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to loi-c a good deal of sleep.' What he raoans by the fear of ' something going to happen' is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the lots of his position, bis own death, or the death of BUHiobodv dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unitrung nerves, and to the bi aiu enfeebled by lack of nourish ment. IS»e »i-jbt of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the c-»f)*nres of a res'lets and uugovcrued ima gination, 'With great difficulty,' lie spys, 'I jtnok to my work, for 1 had a wife uud faniily dependiuff on mr do I straggled on, but wLii I suffered f- . uver two years is past my p' .crsof ncecririlifHi. I am sure no oiiclins si- ..ltd so Mtrlt Of I liavc done.' lu the !' latter slim*- ut lie in uudoubt^1 : ', wrong. One's owji ?,- m is emu's owu, B' -is always harder to Lear tliun one's notion of bis neighbour's pniu. There is a countless multitude who are all tlic while goiug through tlie tame wretched experience, culy we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finully mentions that, afier ell medicul treutmeut had left him where it found him lie chanced to read iu a book of a case rjrnrHt/ like /-('« men having been currd by M.0U10T Seigei's !r--r»p. ? My wife, he (roys, '{!0t mo a buttle at Mr. Langf-tdfi's in Woodlei-ford, mid aftei iieiug its contcute the aihutut leit me uud lias never returned cinoo that fortunate day. 1 should like the whole world to Jition* vhut it done for me. X havo been enip'oycJ by the Midland Rail way Comjiany for eleven yoars. (Sisncd) ' Gsorqu Hunt, ?' Car Uotiom Road, ; ' Apperley Bridge, near Lteds.' We publish this' by Mr. Hunt's desire, in ordtr. that part of the world at leart may jtnow hew thankful he u and for whut cation. 