HASTILY WEDDED OR THE PREY OF AN ADVENTURER. CHAPTER XXVI. BY CLARICE LEE IZBELLE. A low warning hovered upon Gilbert Peyton’s lips as he came into Sidney’s presence. “Be careful,” he whispered. “Everything depends upon our silence. Tbo least noise will arouse him, and intercept our flight. Are yon ready? Como I” He held out bis hand, but she shrank back ward, with a half-sobbing breath. “Oh, 1 have been so foolish, so weak,” she moaned, dropping ber face into ber bands in a passion of hysterical sobbing. “ Ob, what shall I do—what shall I do?” “ What have yon done?” he oried, under bis breath. “Have you betrayed our plot to him?* “No. no. I have promised to marry him— • marry him, remember. I must keep my pro \- raise for Avico’s sake. 1 cannot refuse—l cannot.” Hie faoe grew ghastly in its pallor, aod the veins stood out upon his forehead like whip cords. “What do you mean?” ha questioned, ‘ hoarsely. “ For the love of heaven, end my suspense. Why did yon promise him such a thlM?" “ It was for Aviee’s sake, ” she moaned. Chokingly. “ It was to save her. I betrayed her, and he swore to be revenged upon ber, and what coaid I do but try to save her from the consequences of my folly?” “ What did you betray? Can you not escape in some way from this cruel net? I cannot Stand by and see you sacrificed. Some way must be found to prevent it. Tell me what you betrayed.” “ 1 told him that ho was—what be is ; and he knew that either you or Avioe bad told mo the secret of this bouse, and he swore to ' take a cruel revenge upon you for disobeying him. 1 bad promised Avioe not to tell, and —and I felt that I must save ber—that 1 must toko the burden of the pain upon my shoulders, and so I promised to—to marry him, If be would swear not to make you suffer for my thoughtlessness. If I fly be will never rest until he knows that it was Avioe, and than—oh, I cannot let her suffer ( for my fault—l cannot* “Then bn does not know that it was sbo —4m suspects me as much as her?" he asked, . io such a low, eager tone that she looked up amazed. “No, be does not know. Bs only thinks It was Avion," sbs replied, raising bar tear wet face to ols. “Then you can'be saved," he ezolaimed, in . • tone of inexpressible relief and joy. “ I will take the responsibility upon myself. He will nsver know it was Aviee. Come, every moment Is precious." “But von—will you not fesl the weight of his displeasure? Will he not make you suffer for it?" “No, be shall not,” he cried, hotly. “I have borne bis tyranny for two years, and 1 am resolved to boar it no longer. Henceforth Gilbert Payton will be a free man. ” “But do they not infliot a terrible penalty upon those who desert their band?” sbo asked, breathlessly, remembering Avioe La Foliore’s conversation. “Death is tbo penalty," be replied, bravely, although his cheek grew a shade paler: “ but I do not fear them. 1 will brave their dli gensure, and in distant lands I will elude em. From this night forth, Groystona House and its Inhabitants know mo no more. I have been wild and reckless; I have wasted a fortune and I have broken tbo laws of my • land; but until I gazed into your sweet face, Gladys Stuart, I never knew .remorse. Now 1 am a different man, and the future will bear witness to my word. Come, lot u» leave this aoonnod spot for ever, and forget that ft ever ozistod," The light of a noble resolve lit np ois faoe, oo young in years, but so old in tho expe riences gained in tho world of men.. \- —°b, no,” she oried, drawing back. “I will not lot you faoe death for me. I ans ' WjQ.t| so selfish as to accept such a “I would die willingly for your sweet be cried, earnestly. “It is the one v good thing I can do to banish the memory of bmy reckless life. Do not deny mo this one Measure, sweet Gladys. Lot. mo take tho Knowledge through life that for a few short faaure you trusted me, and lot mo serve you ; that you wont with ms from danger into the Security of your home; it will be tbo greatest joy in my life to know it Como at once if {on trust mo ia the least—if you have one iod thought in your heart for me. ” “I do trust you ; I will come,” sho mur mured. “Heaven has surely beard my prayers and sent you to save me from the cruellest fats that ever threatened an unprotected girl. Come." He caught ber hand io bis, and drew her through toe open door into the dark corridor. “ Be as silent as tho d-ad, ” he breathed in her ear. “ One loud breath, one sounding footstep, may cost mo my life and you your liberty. Bo as silent as a ghost or a spirit. ” '. Scarcely breathing, with stealthy footsteps and eyes that glowed strangely through the darkness, they traversed tbo long corridor, descended the long flight of stairs, and then a lofty hall that dimly lighted by the fit ful moonbeams struggling to show themselves from behind the stormy scraggy clouds. A heavy door gave way to bis touch, sod Sidney found herself in the library whore she first recovered consciousness after ber thrill lag fall oyer the cliff into the sea. A small night lamp threw a sickly glare ,#vmr disordered furniture and torn, dusty books (hat lay in heap* over tba floor. With a ahnddai she draw olosar to bar aide. “Db not bo alarmed.” ha whispered. ' * Hava ooniage; wo shall soon leave this dreary place, and I hope for tho last time.” Eagerly ha approached the bidden door. It yielded to his press arc upon the spring and flow open. Down the sleep stairs, through tbo great cellar filled with smuggled goods, aod down I Into (he long narrow passage they went, feel ing their way along the atone wails. “Do not grow nervous,” ho whispered, en couragingly. “ | know this passage well, end liberty awaits us at the end of iL Courage.” “I am not afraid." sbo answered, bravely ; “even death would be preferable to staying there,” with a backward gesture. It seemed hours to her while they were traversing the stony passage, although it was in reality only one. At length, in the distance, the faint glim mer of a light appeared, “We must stop here,” said Gilbert, in a low tone. “ You will stay while I creep for ward end seo if the way u clear. 1 will not be gone long; do not grow impatient.” Aod with a pressure of the band be glided away into tbo darkness. Slowly the minutes dragged themselves away. The wind howled ana whistled past the mouth of tbo cave, and the waves boat •gainst the rook with a solemn, dirge-like sound. ' Jk feeling of awe crept over Sidney, and it Seemed to tier that a shadow as from the Abroad wings of a gigantic bird wag resting upon ber. With a shudder sbo drew her cloak closer around ber, and strained her eyes to peer through the darkness between ber and (he far-off glimmering light. r ' “It Is all right," said Gihert, in her osr, baler? she was hardly eonKcious of bis ap proach, so deep was tho midnight darkness Chat bpoanod over them; “ it ia all right Old Pompey baa drank the drugged wine 1 gave him, and is fast asleep. About awaits lts at the mouth of Ihe save, and in au hour .ggu b? with your aunt, safe at home, ” “ Jlow oab I ever thank you?” she mur- {eardrops storting to bar eyes as she thought of hie noble disinterestedness. “By..remembering me as your true aud fried Ms**, and giving me your word that whenever yon need a friend you will call on me." “X eap readily promise that," she said, J?»Uy. < * Well, any no more about it Hero we are math* mouth. You see, Pompay is sleeping, aad our rood is el ear. We wilt soon be out of She lion’s jaws. * “Don't congratulate yourself too soon,” . beelfc in a cool, suiting voice. ' And with a cry of horror (hey storied book hurt the form of a man that emoraed from the shadows. A lantern’s light felt full upon bis sinister, wicked faor, and glittered upon the revolver he held in bis hand. “Captain Rhodes," ezolaimed Gilbert Ann his face grow pale aa death. He read hie fate in the glaring, greenish eyes. Death was what be -rood there. Quick oe a flash, tho glittering weapon lOovered bis heart “Don’t try that game,” hissed Captain Rhodes, between hie clenched teeth aa Gll .beri instinctively grasped his revolver. “I’ve . £nt the drop (his time, my fine fellow. Bo yon thought to olopa with my pretty ptiwoar, you traitor." Hie food wm tMdiih io its luri<l glow of me and bat*. Ho gnashed his tooth iu im- EoUnt fury and Beoka of foam gatharod upon h livid lips. “Traitor,'' ho cried with a blood- curdling oath, u traitor. You know your fate. Death. With a wild cry of mortal terror Sidney throw herself before her noble rescuer and dung to him frantically, half fainting though she was. “Oh, have pity—have pity," eho pleaded, in a tone that would have melted a heart of stone. “Bee, 1 kneel before you. On ray bended knees 1 beg of you to spare bis life. I will be your slave, 1 ewear It Ob, as yon hope for mercy, be merciful now." She threw beraelf upon the stones at Rinhard’a feet and clung to him, with piteous tears and moans. But Captain Rhodes laughed -aloud, In fiendish glee. “Spare your lover," be hissed. “No, not as long an I can move a Anger. Look upon him, gin on his manly form, kiss his pure Ups, the line that swore to be true to the band he joined; oaU him endearing names, but remember that bis true one is traitoi. Look your last upon him, for he dies.” “Oh, no, no," aha shrieked. “Kill me, let my life pay the penalty. It was for my sake, all for my sake, that ha did it Ob, if you be human, show that you have a human heart. Do not stain your soul with this terrible crime. If you love me, Captain Rhodes, spare his life.” He laughed eloud with horrible enjoyment “It I love you 1 will spare your lover," he cried. “That is a strange request, truly. Why should I spare his lifer He is a traitor, and a traitor's fate is death." “Say no more,” said Gilbert Peyton, shortly, decisively. “1 know my fate. Do not delay it; lam ready. ” lie drew himself up to bis full height, and folding bis Brow across bis bosom, faosd bis deadly enemy with unflinching courage. “I am ready,” repeated Gilbert And he met bis enemy’s eye without a tremor. “It does seem a pity to lose such courage from the bend," muttered Captain Rhodes. “ But the flat baa gone forth, the death war rant sealed. What have you to say for your self, Peyton?” “Nothing. Tell my mother,” he answered, and then he bold oat his hand to. Sidney, yearningly. “I am glad to die for your sake, Gladys,” ho said, softly. “Don’t forgot me, or that 1 loved you from the first moment 1 saw your face in this verv spot 1 wish I had served you better, but I have done what 1 could. Farewell. ” lie gazed long and earnestly upon her al most unconscious face, raised in terror stricken silence to his. For a moment bis eye met hers in a long, lingering look ; then, with a quick sigh, that was bis farewell to life, he raised bis bead proudly and faood his doom. An ominous click came from the death dealing, glittering weapon in Richard Li Foliero s firm grasp, followed by a single instant of deathly silence. To Sidney it seemed that the power of movement and speech bad left her. She crouched upon the cold stones, unable even to cry aloud. Captain Rhodes’ glittering ayes glanced along the glistening barrel into those of his victim, ana withe horrible smile upon his lips he pressed the fatal trigger. There was a blinding flash, a woman's despairing shriek, and Gilbert Peyton’s ill starred life had gone out into the great un known, with the wind shrieking a requiem and the waves beating a dirge upon the stern, time-darkened rooks. CHAPTER XXVIL Cental i Rhodes stood for a moment con templating bis work with a diabolical expres sion. “So be thought to onlwit me,” he mut tered. “ Poor fool 1 Did be think that is cunning could cope wth mine. How little bo knew mo after two years’ association.’’ He gazed unmoved upon the fair face of Gilbert Peyton, lying cold and still before him, a dark stain creeping across the breast and staining the rough stones. “ Poor fool!" be muttered, contemptu ously. “He knew mo, and yet was foolhardy enough to brave me, the idiot” Ho felt not one pang of remorse for the young life so ruthlessly destroyed, not a touch of conscience for the horrible crime that was resting as a crimson blot upon bis soul. He turned from the ghastly form with a •mile hovering under ms heavy moustache. “ And you thought to ' escape mo, also, ” be sneered, bending over Sidney's insensible form. “If I did not love you so madly 1 could And it in my noart to hate every lino of you cold, fair f.ioe. But let you escape me mo give you up. No, not if ten thousand lives stood between us. I would sacrifice them gladly to call you my wife, boautiful, scornful, unfeeling Gladys Stuart A light almost like insanity gleamed in bis fierce, greenish eyes. A horrible laugh bubbled from bis lips. “ What a happy bridal ou:s will ho,” ho laughed aloud. “ A bride who would prefer death to her bridegroom, a stain of blood botween us, and I—fool that I am—ready to face ton deaths for a smile from he** ruby lips. Ha, b>! what a bridal.” The almost insane laugh was still ringing through the midnight darkness of the cave as be lifted her unconscious form in bis arms and started back to her prison-room with her. “Aries will know what to do for her,” be muttered, gazing apon her marble cold f«cc resting Against his arm. “Farewell, Mr. Gilbert Peyton,” ho cried mockingly, to the still, dead form in the lantern light. And with another blood curdling laugh be disappeared into the darkness of too sinuous pmigft “Heavens, Riohsrd 1 what has happened?” oried Avioe, in a tone of alarm, not unmixed with terror, as her eyes fell upon her brother, and bis insensible burden. “Mure than yon want to know." be replied, in a curt voice. “Take charge of Miss Stuart and restore her to consciousness as quick as you can.’’ He laid Sidney gently upon a couch and watched with terrible anxiety for the return of life and strength to her. For a lime the deadlv insensibility defl-d all Aviee’s effort*, and not a sign of life came over the rigid, deathly pale face. Can she bo dead? bo thought. And a terrible fear olotobed at bis heart and forced great drops of icy-cold perspiration to his forebaad. “If she bo dead—” be mattered. And bis hand clutched bis revolver with deadly meaning. But she was not dead. Slowly and pain fully life came back to her. “ She is regaining consciousness, ” whispered Avioe, as the heavily fringed lids quivered open. For a moment the groat dark eves Aeshed around until they rested upon toe feoe of Captain Rhodes. W ith a cry that neither of her hearers ever forgot, she started up with ghastly face and terror-filled eyes. “ Where is be,” she oried—“whore is he? You said you would kill him, and you did it Where is be, 1 say?” Tba guilty man cowered before her with a look of fear stamped upon his evil feature*. “Kill him? Kill whom?” demanded Aviee, facing her brother with colorless face, “la it Gilbert?” she gasped. One glance at Richard’s cowering form answrrod plainer than words. “ Have yon murdered him?” she asked ( in a low, inlemo voice, that told what a terrible rettraint she was putting open herself. “ Have you murdered him also?” she re peated, her burning eyes Axed upon her brother. “ What if I have?" be retorted, with an attempt at bravado and insolence that his Klo faoo denied. “ What will you do about , eb? You will moot with the same fate if vou forgot your oath for even a moment Von remember vour oath, Aviee La Foliere?" “Only too well,” was tba bitter response. “ I remember it so well that I have let it role my whole life. But remember oea thing—the yoke may grow too heavy and tba outb gall too bitterly. Do not try me too nr, Richard. People have been goaded to many things before now. Do not force me to do something that will rain us both. ” “ Yon cannot," he sneered. “ Ruin your self yon oao and may, but not me. Come, Eut off those grand trsgaiv-airs and bahave ke a soosibbi woman. Gilbert Peyton dis obeyed orders end attempted to betray ns, and he only met the fete of traitors. There is no more to be said on tbo subject." “And you promised me upon your honor io never barm that boy by so much as a word," eho oried, in a blaze of indignation. “Coward and liar ” “Btleooe I” he thundered. “ Whet are you that you should judge another's actions. You are no more to me than any other person who has taken the oath, and who Is bouad to obey me. Do net tempt me too far, or his death will bo donbly bitter to yon. ” “ Wonld yon kiH me also?’she aeked coldly and soornfully. “I would not object if yon did, and it wonld be no mote than I navo expected for years. One murder atone will not Amount to mooh upon your well trlod conscience,” ‘ Th«y faced each other, indomitable oonrege blazing in their faces, and that darting from their eye*. Bren half unconscious though she was, Sidney noted the reeemblanco between tbie strango brother and sister, and wondered : whlih would conquer. Both had will* of iron. Which would break? for abo know neither would bend. Richard’* eyes shrank before the fire of acorn and horror in Avioe's, but be would not yield an inch. With a contemptuous laugh, he turned away. “Quite melodramatic,*' ho sneered, “but slightly out of place. I will leave you keep Miss Stuart oompany for the remainder of the night, and to prevent any more midnight escaped eel shall bolt both doors upon the outside, TSood-night and pleasant dreams, fair ladies. Do not let this little scene dis turb your slumbers. Au revoir." With another sneering laugh, more horrible than the most malignant sune, he left them, end they heard the doors bolted upon the outside. It was several moments before Avioe moved. That the was terribly aroused, and that her thoughts were busy, Sidney noted with e gleam or hope. Avioe turned suddenly and fastened her eointilsting eyes upon Sidney’s deathly countenance, resting upon the faded crimson cushions. “Tell me,** the said, in a low, hoarse tone, “it it ever justifiable to break your sworn vow? Is it right to go your own way when tho othor party to a contract has broken bis word? Ought, or ought 1 not?" “Do not ask me,” moaned Sidnov, burying bet faoe in her trembling hands. "I cm think of nothing—hoar nothing but tho sound of that murderous pistol, and see noth ing but Gilbert's dead face, cold and white in death. Ob, Aviee, save roe take mo away from here. I shall go road if I stay—l shall go road I” A convulsive shudder ran over Arice’s rigid form. “1 cannot,” she breathed. M My oath I Aod yet,” she cried suddenly, “has he kept his to mo? Did he not swear that Gilbert Pey ton should never come to barm through him? And now—and now be is dead,” she added hoarsely. “ I was sorry for him—he was so young, so handsome, so brave, and I feared for bun. But when Richard swore to me, 1 went on and lured him into the den. His blood rests upon my soul, for I induced him to come here. Oh, heaven, what shall I do?” She trembled like a Iraf in a gale, and only angels know of the battle she was fight ing to the bitter end within her heart. “My oath, sworn over my dying father,” she muttered. “And then the sufferings and wrongs of a lifetime. Surely I have expiated my sin by this time, and revenge ia sweet. Ho loves this girl, and if be should love her ho would suffer. Why not lot him feel some of the pain ho inflicts? 1 loved that hand some, fair-faced boy as though ha were my son or younger brother, and now—” A revengeful light burned in her eyes, and ber lips closed in a lino of scarlet. “If 'I could only free her without his knowledge,” she said, with an eagerness that was startling. “ Only let her be missing, and without a suspicion to point to me. Can I dolt?” . She paced tho length of tho long room without glancing to the right or left Her mind was concentrated upon this one point; all outside things sank into insignificance before it “You would almost give your life to escape this villain?” she began, stopping before Sidney's oonoh. “But it is useless to ask you that; your actions prove that Well, I intend to free you. " “Ob, Avioe," breathed Sidney, tromu lousy. She could only clasp her bands in wild entreaty and gaze with dumb, eager eyes Into the marble-liko face of ber friend. “Yes, I intend to free you, upon tho condi tion that you give mo your promise to wait until I have arranged all to my satisfaction. That even though I show you a way to escape, you will stay here until I give you loavo to go. Will you accept my conditions? Do you promise?” “1 will promise anything. Only free me from this place, and I will tot you do it in your own way, cried Sidney, starting up, and forgetting her weakness ia her growing excitement 14 You promise then?” said Aviee, her exult ant gaze searching Sidney’s face eagerly. “I promise,” exclaimed Sidney, in a breath less, hasty wail. “Then I will do it,” said her determined deliverer, in a low, firm voice. ’* There is only one way, and I will make use of that ( must see a man in that hotel yonder,” wttb a gesture towards tho village, “before tbo sun rises over the sea again. Do you wonder bow I shall aocomjiliish it, with barred doon and windows around u*?“ She laughed feverishly and her eyes shone with excitement, while a rich, red spot burned in either cheek “I will show you, * she said, sinking her voioo to a whisper. 14 Remember your promise to wait until I give you leave to go, for this will leave your road open, but if you should avail yourself of it, you would sign my death warrant?” She paused before tbo wide old-fashioned fireplace and passed bar hand along tbo carving of tho mantel. Suddenly a spring was board to snap, and half of the carved oak around that side of the fire-place flew book, and revealed a dark, narrow passage, high enough for a man to stand half-bent and baroly wide enough to admit Avice’s slender form. “You seo 1 have the advantage boro ” she laughed, in n queer jerky wav. 44 He knows nothing of it I discovered it myself, a decided to tell him of it. I hardly know why, bat 1 felt a little less in his power as long as I had a way of escape open to me. Now, lam going to leave you here alone for throe or four hours. Try to sleep and forgot everything except that succour is st band. I have the power to make one man in the world do my bidding, and although I have said I would never see him again, I will make him feel my power and free you.” She stood resolute for a moment, then threw herself upon ber kneos beside tbo oonoh. 44 Will you kiss me, Sidney?" she asked, longingly. 44 It has been so long since my lips have touched another*, and yon look so young and pure, perhaps it will make me stronger and better.” For answer Sidnoy clasped her arms around Arioo’s nook aod drew her head down. 44 God will bless you for this,” sbo said solemnly, and she kissed the other’s brow. One little sob burst from Avieo’s lips, but tho crushed back all signs of emotion with an iron band. “Pray that I rosy be successful," sbo said, pausing for a moment at the entrance to the dark postage to look book, and then tho secret door flaw to, the spring gave a sharp metallic click, and Aviee had departed upon her strange journey. 44 Father in heaven, guide end protect her, ” prayed Riduey, in the stillness of the great vaulted chamber. “ Guide ber and keep ber from barm. ” And tears forced their way t>e tween her fingers, and foil, like groat limpid pearls upon tue crimson velvet or tho coach. CHAPTER XXVIII. The hour of one had just been tolled forth as a woman, tall and slender, wrapped in a long, dark cloak and heavily veiled, entered tho hotel and approached the desk. “Is Mr. Burke McDowell in?” she asked. And tho clerk looked up quiokly as ber silvery-sweet voice fell upon bis ear. “Yes, ma'am. He passed through the office just about five minutes ago,” be re plied, glaneing curiously at her. “1 must soe him at onoo.” said the lady, determinedly. “ I will go into the parlor and wait. Will yon be so kind as to let him know. ” “What name?” queried the elerk, pausing with his hand npon a call bell. The lady drew horeelf up haughtily. “It is of no consequence whatever,” she answered. “Bay a lady with impoitant busi ness.” Tbo elerk despatched a boy with the message, and the lady disappeared into the parlor. Five minutes later Burke McDowell, look ing very handsome aod slightly curious, entered the dimly-lighted parlor. “ You wish to ses me?” be asked of the blaok-draped figure that stood Hks a statue asvaitlng nts entrance. Avioe did not reply. Her bands clasped each other closely under her cloak, bat she moved slowly towards him.. “ You wish to seo ms?” be repeated me ehaniaally,as she stood erect and silent before him. “ Yes. I wished to speak to yon on im portant bnsineas,” aho replied, in a low, hushed yoioe. He started and locked slightly alarmed. 44 Whoso voioe Is that?” he muttered to himself, storing at the black-robed figure in surprises “I am at your service, madam,” said be, courteously, wheeling ft oh Ur toward her, bat the puzzled look did not leave hie fftoe. Where bed he heard that voice before? He ooald not remember. The lady took the proffered sent, and slowly, ft slender white hand, upon which ft diamond gleamed like living fire, pushed back the heavy black veil • He watched her as if fascinated, the thought surging through bis brain that he knew her and oouid not remember her name. Slowly tho white band removed the veil, and for a moment she paused. Then with a quick gesture she threw book the dark crepe, and left her face gleaming white as marble in the gaslight. An involuntary exclamation foil from his lipe. HU face grew white as death, and bis eyes stared at her as if she had risen from the dead. A look of surprise, mingled with fear, seemed frozen upon bis handsome face. " Avion 1" be gasped feebly. A convulsive shudder ran over hor and •ho white to the lips. "Yes, A vice, your wife,” she Said, scarcely above a .whisper. “ What is it? What do you want?” he asked, his eyes still fixed upon her as though She held him by a spell. " I want you to explain to me bow you dared marry another woman while I lived,” was the reply, in a firm voice. A mat fear darted into bis foot, “Ihave not,” ha began, but she stopped him with a haughty gesture. "Do not lie to me, she said ooldly, but her eyes gleamed like cools of fire ; "it is useless. I left Sidney Taylor, or Qladys Stuart, as she calls herself, an hour ago. "An hour ago?” ITis surprise was genuine. "You must be mad. She is—” Ho broke off suddenly, with a shade of pallor coming into bis face. Avice met the startled look in his eyes full. "No, she is not dead.” was her answer. "That fall over the roots did not end her life. She is living, and she has told me her story.” Fns face was livid now. “Why is It that you women coo never let a man alone?” ha exclaimed, vehemently. You dog him, run him to the earth, and tben you bold op your hands ia holy horror. I can't for the life of me see what good it will do you to come bore and raise a row with me about Sidney. 1 don't oare a gap about either one of vou, and I am not going to pretend to. Now what do you want? Do you want to get a divorce, so you can marry one of year amiable comrades in crime, or do yon want to make a fuss and land me in the pea? Which is it?” “Neither,'' was the scornful reply. "If you will have the goodness to listen I will explain my coming. Sidney is now an inmate of Oroystono House.” Of Qreystono House?” " Yes, and mv brother, (or the first time in his life, is ia love with her. She detests him. "She shows good taste,” bo rejoined sullenly. Avice psid no attention to this interrup tion. " He is very anxious to marry her,” she continued." but the refuses.£Ho is going to imprison her until she consents, and you very well know I cannot prevent it” "Wby do you tell mo nil this?” he ex claimed, impatiently. " 1 know notbiog about it, and carj loss. Let her many twenty men if she wants to. 1 don’t core.” The look she give him caused bis eyes to fall before hors and a burning flush to mount to his forehead. "I don’t see why you toll roe about il,” he repealed sullenly. "Because you ore to prevent it,” she re plied, with a look of determination settling over her face like a roo»k of steel. "I! Prevent it? Why should I?” mockingly. "Because I wish it,” was tho oaliu reply. " Lot mo tell you something, Burke McDowell, ” she said, starting to her feet, and confront ing him with flashing eyes. " You are in my power. A dozen words from mo and you will occupy a prison coll before morning dawns. Let mo speak tho word, and you go to prison os a bigamist. And as sure as there is a heaven above us I will speak tbst word unless you obey me in this matter.” A tremor ran over him, and he was livid with what her practiced eyo told her was fear. " What do you want me to do?” ho asked. "I can do nothing, I tell you. I can't get hor away; and oven if 1 could I don’t want to.” " But you will. ” There was no mistaking be determined light in her eyes that glowed as green as emeralds under her black Tishas. " You liavo your choice, obey mo in this, or a prison cell.” " You forgjt that I can tell something also,” ho muttorol. “You send mo to prison, and you will go, too. There arc many things concerning (ireystouo House the police would like to know. ” "But which you will never toll thorn, for (ho very good reason that it would tnnnyyears to your sentence. No, Burko McDowell, you must manage to got Sidney away from Grcy slooc without exciting anv suspicions, and after that wo won't quarrel over torm<. I will give you what money you want for it.” The scorn in hor last words cut like a knife through bh amor of conceit “What is it I am to do? Tell ui', If you want me to do i’,” ho muttered "I have told you," "But how? You don’t expect mo to storm the bouse single-handed, do you?” "Ob, no. If I did, though, I would not be-iilato to roly ou your well kno«n courage,” she answered sarcaificilly. “What I want you to do is (o give lur friends a hint as to hor whereabouts I don't ciro how you manage that part of it, so you are care ful not to implicate mo, and I am certain you will not mention the smuggling for your own sake.” Her friends! And break his word to Lilian and lose her. No, never, better a bigamist’s fate. ““ I cannot,” ho broke forth, in agitation. "For God’s sake, Avice, ask anything else. Anything on earth besides restoring her to her friends.” A gleam of moaning flashed across hir face. “That or—the oonaoquondot," she said, and her words wore as implaeablo as fate. Perspiration stood in bead* upon bis fore head, and his hands trembled. Either alternative meant losing Lilian. The thought drove tho blood from bis face and left it livid with emotion. There must be some middle course. “ How long will you giro ms?” bo asked, hoarsely. "How long? Threo days is tho longest time I can give you,” was her answer. Ho drew n breath of relief. In throe days much could be accomplished. In throe days be could bo far away—with Lilian. The thought drove his fear away and Boot tho blood coursing through bis voias like wine. Avioe noted the sudden relief—yes joy, that sprang into his fsoo. She clenched her hands with sudden fury. "Don’t think you can escape mo,” abo hissed between her sot teeth. “ If you fail roe, remember a Li Folicro never forgives nor forgets. I will hunt you to the ends of the earth and be revenged. You must obey mo." “I shall not try to escape you. It would be worse than useless I know, he answered sullenly. "I will lot her friends know within twelve boors, and then 1 suppose you will have no objection to my leaving hero?" " None whatever, ” was tho oold reply. "Oo where you please—do what you please. You will see ana hear of mo no more. I have no desire to ever know anything more of vou. Bow much money do you want?” "If you could spare a thousand,” ho began. "Yes. 1 can,” she interrupted, curtly. " You shall here il when I have proof thet her friends know whore she is. Now, who •re vou going to inform-hor aunt?” “ I suppose so, although I am blessed if I know how I am going to do it,” he eeid, testily. "That is your affair,” oame the cutting reply. And'the next instant she had drawn hor veil over her faoe and left the room. "Well, this is tho closest shave I have ever had," he muttered to himself. And be began a tramp across the room im patiently. " flow am I to work it?” be wondered. “ 1 must got rid of Avioo’s bargain,” with a shoddier. "Mho it fully capable of lending me up (or Ufa If 1 fail her. Thai is not of the question. 1 must do es abe wishes me. ” But Lillian? Would she not withdraw from her promise when she learned that Sidney was slive and free, aad that be bed not kept bis word? He knew she would. Egotist thet he was he knew that Lillian Taylor oarod less than nothing for him, and that onee be gave her a loophole of escape from bar promise that she would avail herself of it. "Come what may,” be vowed, end be fully meant it. " I will never give her up. Better deelb, disgrace, anything rather than that. I will have her and I will keep my promise to Avice. She will keep her word and send dm to prison M a bigamist if I don’t What a fool 1 wu (0 gat my»olf mixed up with thoao two woman. Got myself Into two rows, and all for a paltry five hundred dollar* I squeezed out of old La Poliero, and I wouldn’t have got that if he hadn’t born crazy to get even with A vice for deriving him. What a fool I was. ” Throughout the long night he paced the Earlor floor with restless feet, devising a way > keep hi* promise to Avioe and retain Lillian’s promise to marry him. Ho had the grace to flush hotly and faol a pang of shame when ho thought of what marriage meant to him. “I wish it ware otherwise, for Lillian's sake," he muttered to himself. “Of course, the law would say she was no wife, but if she and the world about her knows nothing of it, abe will be none the worst for it. I oan bo her willing slave and make her bappy whether it is legal or not. My beautiful oar line, I wish it were different, bnt as it is— well, I will take you with me when I leave here day after to-tnorrow. ” And the look that aooompauied bis words would have effectually shattered Lillian’s dreams of discarding him when he had served bar purpose. Daring the long hours of that summer night ho laid hit plans, and whon morning dawned ha bad them completed. Lillian, too, had bean thinking daring tbs long hours of darkness. Looking from bor bedroom window over the garden and moonlit meadows, with a silvery spot in the distance, where the lonely river found its way towards the sea, aho had thought long and earnestly. Only to-night the rumor had reached her ears that Darke MoDowM| had publicly hinted of an engagement existing between them, and her blood boiled m she thought of it “Tho presumption,” she thought angrily. “ I will send for him in tho morning and have a plain talk with him. Sidney is out of the way and everybody helievoi that story, so why should I bother myself about him any longer. 1 will toll him tho plain truth anil rid myself of him for ovor, ” CHAPTER XXLX. Lillian was true to hor word. With morn ing there came to Hurko* McDowell a sum mons to her presence. With pulses leaping with hope bo obeyed her behest She bad never sent for him be fore, sod bo scarcely knew why he built so mnch upon snob a slender foundation, but bo did. He entered bor presence with bounding footsteps. “ You sent for me,” ho began, with out stretched hands, advancing to where she stood. “ What is it, Lillian, my ” But his voice died away and nis bands (ell to his side when be saw her face. Ob, tho scorn, tho anger that blazed in her steel-blue eyes and curled her lip oontemp tuouly. She did not speak for a minute, but during that time ho grew white to the very lips. He road what he had long suspootod in the beautiful, scornful face. She bad thrown aside the mask and stood before him in the insolence and triumph of her soboroe. “Yes, 1 sent for you,” she said shortly, and with a vein of suppressed anger. “I want to know why you publicly bint at an engigcmont existing between uh?” His face grow rod and hi* finger* closed tightly. “Because it docs exist,” bo answered, quietly, rai-dng bis eyes to her*. “ Doc* exist?” She was growing white with anger “No, it doc* not. From this monont I repudiate it, Burke McDowell. You wore mail to over think that I meant it. ” “ Lillian.” His voice was hoarse with paiu, but it fell upon deaf ears. With flashing eyes *he went on, cruelly “ Mean it? No, not for one minute did I moan it Marry you I Why, 1 would as soon think of marrying yonder groom that waits upon my horses. Marry you indeed !” She laughed aloud angrily, scornfully. She thought truly that bo must have been mad. That any man except Frank Vanon should think she cared for nim, seemed tho height of folly to hor. 110 stood motionless, like one struck a sudden aod unexpected blow. A gray pallor settled over hi* face and tho vein* stood out upon hi* forehead like cords. She n >tod the signs of suffering, and it gave hor momentary delight “Lit him suffer a little,” she thought, savagely. “Even at I have suffered, let others. ” Bho laughed again, loudly, mockingly, “ 3o you wore congratulating yourself upon your betrothal to me?” she said, mockingly. “ Well, don’t forg it one thing—there’s many a slip 'iwixt the enp and the lip—and you eongra’ulatcd yourself a little too soon." 110 started forward and caught her bauds in his in such a vieelilcc grtsp that tho ring* upon her lapm lingers out deep into the flesh. “What d> you moan?” ho demanded, in a tone so replete with desperation ami pain that she started slightly. “Do you mein to throw mo over: That you never intend.d to keep your prnniso? Amwer me, Lillian.” Ilia eyes blaz;J with snob a terrible lire that bravo as she was, she was frightened, an I shrank, but for a moment only. “ That is exactly what I mian,” she an swerod, looking steadily into hi* face. “1 never intended to keep that silly promise. Let my hands go. ” Ho paid no attention to her last words. After gazing into her face a long moment, he broke into a laugh so terribly hoarse and wild that she piled slightly. (TO BK fONTINUKIi.) 