NOW WE DID B1WB4W 1893. IN (cOiiTIKDKD.) Bv WAT GOUHE. Now we began to climb In ml earnest. In addition to the steepness of the grade, we now and again encountered a fallen tree that had got right across the road. Often the mountaineering tact and ability ot onr guide and his aide- de-camp were billy taxed. In no «m, however, wen we seriously delayed. Both man and beast would quickly either find or force a road. Considerable credit for onr uninterrupted progress is dne to a patient animal of the mule tribe known as John. John's methods of working hia way with his cumbersome pack, between the most awkward trees and the densest scrub, were, in many instances, worthy of a higher type of character. That he never once was either stuck or baulked is more than can be said of any of the other pack-carriers ; thongh it must be said that every animal did us splendid service and gave aa little trouble. ZMEgely thia was due to tba long and careful training that they had bad under Captain IMmer. But we must push on. Fairly Dell muBt be reached early, to allow time for pitching a camp. Up, np we go —riding here where it is Blight'y level, walking there where tbe ascent is too steep. Higher and higher we mount. The air grows lighter and purer. This in itself is exhilarating. Hills that once rose high above us, hare now sunk for below. Lovely valleys discover themselves on either side. Patches of rosy sunlight glint across surrounding hillsides. Still we ascend. Blanketwood in wild profusion almost covers the pathway. The road a year ago was clear ; now it is almost overgrown. The horses, still remarkably fresh, munch branches of blanket-wood most greedily as they saunter along. Up still we go. Lyre-bird mounds lay thick on every baud, though every bird-note is hushed. When laughter, song and repartee are for a moment silent, a strange unearthly stillness reigns—a stillness greater eveu than that of the graveyard. Nature at noonday on the sides of Baw Baw seems hashed into a long siesta. At times the twitter of a tom-tit would be a welcome relief. There was little stillness of tbis kind, however, with our party. The stream of jest aud laughter, with exclamations of wonderment, was for the must part unbroken. Higher and higher we rise, until tbe declining sun announces that our destination most be near. Presently we approach what cannot be other than Fairy Dell. VVe are not mistaken. With a wild rush and a loud hurrah the whole party dash into the loveliest glen that the unassisted imagination could well picture. Huge mountain beeches line the roadway on either side. Between them grow the stately ash. Overhead they meet. Only in patches penetrates the light uf day. From tbe warm sun a more welcome retreat could scarcely be wished for. There is a sweetness aud a still ness about "everything that seems to thrill the soul with almost solemn awe. Here most truly one might say with Mrs. Hannah More— " Airy spirits, ye who love Cooling bow'r, or shady grove ; Streams that murmur as they flow. Zephyrs bland that softly blow : Babbling echo, or the tale Of the lore-lorn nightingale; Hither, airy spirits, come, This is your peculiar home." Every stick, every stnmp, every tree and even every stone is coated with jross. In a moment scores of inviting botanical specimens show themselves. Here we are to stay for the night. Quickly all bands are at work. Horses are to be unharnessed, watered and fed. Tents have to be pitched, fern mattrasses arranged, fires lit and the table spread. Just as the full light liegins to fade we are seated at our first evening meal. Before we have finished and things are cleared away twinkling stars are peeping through the beeches overhead. Every now and then when there is a momentary lull in the conversation, the old mountain quietness comes back, broken only by the rasping noise of insects. Only one family of that noisy tribe gave w an; trouble. I refer most emphatically..to our,.little enemy—the mosquito. .Sight xaine swiftly on. Beneath the dim light of the lantern proceeded the clearing and washing up of the supper things. Then all repaired to the brightly blaring camp fire near at band. Hece began tbe mirth which has made that night and the succeeding one memorable to every person conearned. A camp fire always seenw to inspire jollity* We may venture to say that no camp fire ever succeeded better in this respert.tban ours did. It burnt beside a very huge log that had fallen, perhaps many years before. This saved the fire from any gusts nf wind, and helped consi^ably the task of fixing <u-» tbe billies far boiling the water. Evetybody Bopn ifonttd a neat. . Captain Dilmer, with along blue blanket thrown around bis shoulders and wearing a broad-brimmed bat was the last to come on the scene."' In (be Bemi-darkneea and glare of the firelight he seemed as much like an. Italian - brigand as any respectable Australian- citizen could. When be bad looked grimly round upon upon all the laughing faces, ha sought a complete resting place where, in spite of hie wild appearance bis sweet little daughter Dollie quickly joined him. It was suggested and generally agreed to that Sam Westwood should open tbe evening's proceedings by fceading the first chapter* of Dickens* Christmas Carol. When the lantern bad been wcordy fixed on the tree behind him to afford sufficient light, he began by announcing: that old Marley was deadSo Wat* emphasis was laid on ibfe by the, O'Keefe thought fit make the fret still more mnphatic. JJ» therefore gnawed out In most heartsandiBk tana* " Mahriey'e dead 1 Mahr~ l ^ oesaiV T»»>*«t «*•* 'i - — , f. f bad really died bad got so deeply impressed upon Tim's mind, that be waned never to forget it. Again and again during that evening and many a time afterwards the silence would be abruptly broken by the thrilling cry— "Mahrley'a dead r Very noon the amiable character of Marley V partner, Scrooge, began to unfold itself. Remarks concerning old Scrooge of a very uncomplimentary nature were given expression to with a good deal of emphasis both by Timothy O'Keefe and other members of tlie bawbocracy. This continued until the interval, when Tim once more solemnly reminded the company that Marley was dead. He further emphasised thia by giving a comic recitation on the streneth of it, and by loudly calling upon Jules Johnson to favor the company with * song. Genial Jules responded with " Ten thousand miles away/ Then came the story of the papermaker, told in Tim's beat Irish. Proceedings were here interrupted by a stir in the horse camp. Various conjectures were quickly made as to what was probably happening, but none of them turned out to be correct. There was also a rurtlingof coca] winjgv o*«r the mine ev«at,' bat • neither angels nor men had any reason to fed alarmed. The horses were only having a little diversion in the way of gently kicking each other. By widening the distance between them th's was quickly settled. A stir immediately followed in the other camp. Arnold Wack and Tim O'Keefe bad tempo- rarily disagreed upon some question of momentous importance, which had involved tbe necessity of tettling tbe matter with a good-natured scuffle, in which the It dies alt quickly took sides. It is difficult to say which of tbe combatants had the beat of the tussle, for they seemed both to get tbe worot of it. The general demeanor of tbe party had by this time become too disturbed to settle d?wn to Marl y and Scrooge again, especially as Marley's ghost was soon to appear, so we indulged in a few lively choruses and then called for coffee and biscuits. Whilst the coⅇ was boiling Timothy O'Keefe entertained us with a story of & very smart boy, that need not be repeated here for various reasons— tbe chief one being that the writer has forgotten it. Steaming coffee and buns claimed interest next. These rapidly restored the warmth and geniality of everybody, and sent us all to bed in the ntmostgood humor. To bed, alas ! but not to sleep. From that ladies' tent far into the night—aye, and even into the moruing—there resounded peal upon peal of laughter. Some of the finest jokes that erer saw the light of day or, perchance, the darkness of night, must havecome into being in that tent, ft must always be regretted that none of them are preserved for future generations to enjoy. Only a part of one ever cime to li^ir, and it has to do with an angelic company. It appears, from the scanty data arailable, that daring the night some one in that tent had had a vision, in which she saw standing before her an angel-like tbroog clad io white raiment. In the morning, when discussing the matter, it was discovered that the objects of the vision had not been visionaty but real, for one at least confessed to her reality. It was rumored that some of these angels had proved very noisy mortals during the first night. We are afraid, howerer, that in point of noi«e-making they could scarcely have much excelled one or two other dwellers in that same tent. When the last human shriek had ceased to move the vibratory air, another tribe of noise-makers opened their chorus. For the rest of the sweet hum of an innumerable host of mosquitoes k*pt the silence from being oppressive. Would that they had only hummed ! Many a sad face afterwards testified that they had done much more than hum. Morning at length dawned. With it there ceased the humming of mosquitoes and began the sweet trilling of a dozen lyiebirds. Nothing more perfectly magical aud more in unison with waking Nature could be well imagined than the raoraiug Bongs of tli Me birds. With (he exception of a few parrots, no other btrd-li'e stirred. " Marley's dead 1" was the first cry that woke the camp. I am not sure but that Tim was having a late dream on tbe subject of Marley, and could only relieve his feelings by thus giving vent to them. At any rate both be and tbe other members of the camp were quickly astir. As soon as the story concerning tbe angels bad got current, Tim dedared that he had heard the flapping of their wings daring the night, and that he was ja«t enquiring when they would again ascend. Jt was not long before be bad the startling news to couvey that a?me more angels bad gone do'wh to tbe creek to perform their morning toile*. " Be Bhtirt .for a moment," he said, "and ye'll hear the flapping of tbeir wings as they' go up." There soon came a general clamor for breakfast, Mrs. Dalmer, however, had notyet left her tent. Until abe appeared her first-mate, E«ie Langton, could promise fis nothing of an eatable character. She promised Arnold Wack a good many other things, by the way, and took an early opportunity of fulfilling some of her promises But of this, more anon. To return to the tent. Here, to accelerate the chances of getting breakfast an expedient was resorted to, which, in the end, answered most admirably. There were two late occupants of the tent who need not here be specially mentioned. The idea of letting down the ridge-pole struck Squatter IAngton and 6am Westwood at die same morrent. So down the ridge-polo came. The extreme ludicrousness of what followed cm scarcely be described. For a few minutes, the wildest hilarity prevailed* The soft cpnvas, in falling, had easwathedmpat grotesquely, two sitting forms," jrho, in genecal appearance, looked like nothing so mnCh as twb canvta ant hOla. After the other me ben 6f tbe company had enjoyed jhe*&y; lanA, ^od ibose underneath the Icanva&bad; nuffirientlvweU onde the force of tbe joke, tlie two instigators uf tbe wicked Scheme raised the pole again; and both ladies were enabled to resume and complete their toilets. Squatter Lwngton with the Captain had early attended to the wants of the horses; so that by breakfast time every animal was about h«l'-w«y thrnneh a good feed. At breakfast, Tim O'Keefe got chaffed about sleeping in a b«g—or, at lea«t r with his feet in a bag. " Who towld y.»u ?" said he. u Never mind," replied his accuser, whilst the joke w« turning heavily on tn |HH>r THII, " a bird whiapered to me all about it." " Are yon sure," rejoined Tim, " it waa not a luire bird V Tbe joke qnickly turned in another direction. Ite-Saddling and re-mounting became next the order of the day. Fairy Deli is six miles from tbe top of the mount. Here we left both tents and packborses, with every part of our baggage that we did not need daring the day. It waa onr intention to g<> to the summit of the mount that day (Friday), and return to Fairy Dell at night By 7 o'clock, just as tbe miming sun came gently creeping down -thm. OUHUilain ai<lr, both man, women and angels—M well as our sweet little camp- maid, Dollie—were all again in the saddle. Now to realise our longcherisbed desire, now for the top of Baw Baw ! (TO BE CONTINUED.) 