Original Compositions. Etsix's Deeas. — Bv Lucy May Lorrcy, « "Wailan. — Elsie Malvern lived with her i nther and mother and little brother Lionel in a pretty co.taaje near the beach. Elsie had just turned her tenth rear, and a trr«t bpin to her m'-'tner, besides being the smartest gir. in her cliiss at school. What I am goin? to tell yoa happened on Lionel birth day. Elsie had risen early to go out in the meadows to gather some flowers to put in bis room- Alter she had gathered a basket! u." of the prettiest, and had got a couple of root s of daisies to sow in r er garuen she sat down to have a little rest. Sn&dcnly; sue was stirt'.el by hearing the daisies saying, vt-jo ' -bye ail my dear friends, I will never grow in the meadows amongst you all any more." " Cheer up and dc> not be so sad, sweet daisies," answered the birrs, for when your owner plants you in her garden we will sometimes come and sing to you as ye did when you were growing here." Yes." sighed the breeze. and I will fan yoa jast the same as I do now." " And we wSl bring you all the news from the meadows," said the bntterS. es that were hovering round the basket : and the dew that was still on the flowers said, ' I will fall on you and freshen you up when you droop." We will also come and get the honey from y.iues usual," hummed the busy tiees. Afte.- the daisies had been thus assured that they would not be forgotten, they lifted up their little beads towards the blue sky as bright as ever. Then Elsie jumped up, rubbed her eyes and looked into her basket, and wondered if she had been asleep and dreaminir, or had the daisies really been talking : any how she picked it up and hurried home, and was just in time to sow the daisies nr? to make a nice bunch out of the rest of the flowers before breakfast. After breakfast they had a nice little party under the trees with some friends, and they mi spent a very plea sant day. Uld Tosd cz. — A True Story. — Ey Florence 6. G- Shields, Yielima. — He was an undersized , decrepit old man, with rags of clothes hanging about his limbs — said clothes looking, with their weight of dirt, too heavy for him to carry. He had a crabbed furrowed face, every furrow showing a plentiful supply of mother earth, for he seemed to have au aversion to soap and water. Once a lady who lives j near gave him a bowl of warm water and some j magic soap and told him to have a good wash. He came to ui from there, sni was so clean we could not r?iinV what had come over kizn. He would take work where he could get it, and would work hard and work weLL if he called anywhere for a meal, be would tender payment for it, or for a fig of tobacco. There were some who refused him the ever- welcome cup of tea. Many persons who had wcrk that he could do, would not give it to him, for he was unlovely to look at, and they were ashamed that he should be seen as one of their workmen. He had a terrible temper, and after three weeks or a month would grumble to the master about his tools or his work, bis grumbling ending in his being paid up and walking off muttering, ou'y to come round after a few weeks or months, and plead to be taken on again. If his request was acceded to, the same thing would take place. Old Tommie prayed earnestly every night. Often in the evening ween we passed the shed on our way to the stables, we could hear him asking God to have mercy on a miserable old "im. We missed blrrt for a long time and wondered if he had fak>n a fresh beat. Later on we heard fie had been found de id under a tree. Tee Eacxted House. — Ey Cera 1L Andereun. — In a pretty garden near a road there was once a house that became suddenly haunted, and no one would live in it. People were afraid to pass it after dark, as a ghost was said to come out oi the house and go round and round a corner of the yard. One day a man came to live in the house, wno said his father had been missed a few weeks before, and had not been found since, and one night he was told in a dieam to go there, and it had made such an im pression on his mind that he res >lved to do so. The first night the man slept in the house the ghost came, end he watched it closely. Alter going round the usual spot it pointed at the ground, saying i4 dig there." The man went and laid down till morning, when he info med the police, who Hmt the ground dug up, where they found the body of a man. In his pockets some papers were found that proved he was the missing man. Oa enquiries being made it was found that on the eight the man was missed the re port of & revolver was heard by the neighbors, it n Bi have been then that he was shot robbed. After that the ghost was not seen again, though the house was empty for some time. Sad Death of a Magpie.— By Bridget Forrest, Korong. — " Ah, Giaoomo I" these were the last words of the poor magpie before it died. Mr was a new arrival from Switzerland. His familv consisted of his wife (Angelica his daughter "Maria 1, three white goats, his dog Snider5 and a magpie. Mr » s christian name was Giaecmo. The family were beta houesfc and industrious. They rented a iew acres of land to plant a vineyard and grow tobacco. The first year they had & nice plot of it, but the goats being mischievous, as goats always are, found rhgir way in.o the tobacco. Then the magpie's wcrk be? an. It would sit on the fence and erv out ' Giaeomo," " Giacomo," " Angelica," Ah. Marial" and then make a long speech in the Tta.Ibm language, telling them the goats were in the tobacco. The magpie was a srand speaker, and a nreat pet with the family. But it had a fault, and a very baa qtip. which was to tear every child's ear that it saw. One day a little boy aomedTonmy C , was picking sticks" on tue side oi tae Mill near Mr 5 3 fence, when all at once he felt something e&teh; him by the ear. Look ing round he saw the magpie on his shoulder holding the top of his ear in its mouth. Poor Tommv ran home with the blood streaming down his neck." Tru father oa seeing his ear in such a state got real mad and said he would kill the magpie. He ran up to Mr s place and complained about the bird. Mr H being a kind-heai ted man said be would punish the bird for the injury it did. He went to the nearest bush and pulled a switch and bait the bird nuril the switch was worn out. He then got another switch and not until the third switch was warn out did he give up beating it. All this time his poor wife and daugh er were pleading for the magpie, but it was of no use. Then, when Mr went awav, they went and knelt beside the bird to see if it were alive. It opened its eyes, looked up and said, " Ah, Giaeomo It then closed its eyes and died. Madge and the Faibt. — By Evanseline M Shields, Yielima.— It was a bright sunny day when Madge was walking through a field gathering flowers. Ste saw & young bird lying on the erernnd nuder a tree, where it had fallen out of the nest. RHo picked the nttle thing up very gently, and looking round among the low branches just above her head, she saw the nest which, by standing on a log she could just reach, and she dropped the bird in with three other rotbers and sisters, no doubt to the great joy of the parent birds, who were flying from oougu to oough in great distress. Continuing her walk, she soon saw a lovely snowy-white rabbit, so different to any she had seen before. It- tail was long and bushy, aud curled up over the ton of its head. Its eyes were a beautiful bright blue, and it looked so earnestly at her, and was so quiet that she thought she could catch it and take it home to show ' her sisters and brotiKre, but as she moved towards it itir tte iona l'ttie farther imtd it came to the hn» of a very large tree, where it rau into a good-sized hoK Ma ge wV sure she would get it ii she went in after it, but after creeping a little way the hole grow larg- r, ana she saw bunny just ahead. She found herself in & large room fitWt witfi all avb Of beaut- ful things, and lighted with of various colors. There was a lady there whomlludce was sure wasa fairy, she was so lovely and looked! tiud. The rahbtt stopped to front of her andSfoS on its two bind legs, and bowed, then turned mid pointed to Madge: The fairy came forward and took hereby the hand a£dW ht wjLSl she was that she to had to dumb animals. She then showed her all the beautiful things in tee toon, sal tM her that dhe fctf tfeem to show to little girls and boys who were kind to axfimals. Madge felt tired and lay back in an easy chair to rest. When she awoke she was at home. How the Scholarship was Wos .—By Aasneton Brewer, Bore. Trafalgar.-Mrs Archer was a widow. Her husband had failed in busmen, and not being very strong he did not long survive the gock. Their onlv child wsa a lad of fifteen, wboee Mm was FTed. He went to school, but he knew his mother would not be able to keep him there long, as the income she now lived upon was barely -effi cient for her own wants. He therefore was studying hard for a scholarship, whith was given by the maater of the school . to the lad who ob tained moat marks in the annual examina tion. Fred determined, if he obtained the scho ax- ship, that be would study the law as a profession, because by gaining it he would be able to cont-nue a course of study in the school for three years. As Fred was a good scholar, the only opponent he had to fear was a lad named liarrv Desmond. This, Han y knew and he often used to make Fred's life very miserable by his teasing and taunts. As the ic aster of the school considered re.cLng- a healthy exen ise, he kept three or four hacks which were at the disposal of such boys as he could trust. As Fred was fond of riding, he one day took a horse and procce led to the downs, which skirted the coast, and wnich were bordered on that side by steep cliffs. As he pro ceeded he noticed a horseman tearing across the downs in the direction of the cliffs, whom he r— cognised as Harry. Fred, by taking a leap over a i stone wall, was able to get in front of the horse on which Harry was riling towards the cliff. No s.-ouer did Harry'e horse see there was someone in front of it, than it slackened speed, and i red was ab:e to catch its bridle as it rushed by. Barry rec -:v-i a great shock and the Doctor said he would not be at;e j to compete for the scholarship, but he did not mind 1 as he and Fred were fast mends, and when Frea was ' hailed as tne winner of the scholarship, no one cheered louder than. Harry. A Christhas a'abtt. — By Mary E. Morley. Gonnandaie.— It was a very hot scaler's aftemo. n. and a little girl named Amy rTl'l w.»s standing by a , window crying. A lady who was passing by stopped and asked her what was the matter. She said her mother would not let her go to the Christmas party. The lady told her not to ry, but to go and ask her mother again to let her go. Little Amy ran off and : asked her mother, but her mother again said ste could not go as she berself did not ie#>l well enough to be left alone. Amy did not cry again, but went and told the lady that she to old not go. Then the lady told her to be a go xi girl till she came back, and she would bring her something pretty, an! away she went. Amy ran off to tell her mother of the kind lady, and Mrs tTiii then told Amy that she ould give a party herself on New Year's Day. This pleased Amy very much. The lady came back, and brought her a handsome doll. Amy thanked her and went off to play with her prize, and forgot all about toe party. A Pet Pig. — By Minnie Maud Hardy. Monica. — One day when my sister Ida was walking down the yard she saw a young pig lying on the ground a short distance away." She thought it was dead, but on going up to it found it was still alive, but so weak it could not stand. Taking it in fcer arms she carried it home and gave it some warm milk. It soon revived, and in a few days was quite strong. It grew very tame, and would follow us about everywhere. It was so fat it looked almost as round as a ball, and we used to amuse ourselves by throwing it in to the middle of a heap of straw which was in a corner of the pig yard, and watch it creep oat underneath. But Paddy (that was what we called it) soon grew o big and heavy we could not lift it, and I used to get oa its back aud ifde it. We killed it before it was a year old, and had one of its hams for our school picnic. And fchst was the end of poor Paddy. A Pet Ofosscm. — By fmm Agnes Coffey, Wa'lan Wailan. — Once I had a pet opossum, it was only very small when first I got it. My brother had found it out in a paddock, not far from the house, and brought it home to me. The opossum soon got quite tame, and grew very fast aud "d-a hievous. It would steal anything it could find laying about, and go plant it. Once we missed a gold ring, we looked all about for it, bat- could njt find it. One day I saw- master opossum go and take a matchbox, aud plant it underneath the house. I went and loakei, and whit shon'd I see but the ring, a reel of eo toa, and several other things. The opossum grew so mis chievous that we had to give it away to a little boy. He took great interest in the cpjssum, as it wasa very playful little thing. But o ie morning it got out of the Rage and weiEfc away. The boy looked every where for .£, but in vain, for he never saw the opossum again. It must have rambled in the bosh aud lost itself. The boy came and asked us had we seen it, but we to'd him it must have lost itself in the bosh, for we had never teen the opossum. We were all very sorry for it, as it was such a nice Lttle rhing although mischievous. Two Posies' Tails.— By Dolly Darlintr, Bright Yiew, Hiamdale. — Two "boys met at the <v«-ner under an oak tree shade. Thdr names were Ha w and Juooary. They were on ponies named Brownv and Tony. They had a dispute about their ponies tails. Bob Louary would hare it that his pony's tail was the longer, but Harvy said that his pony's tail was. "I was going to ask yon to come out to Uncle Ben's place to get apples, but I th-nV you would be bad company, as you are in a bad humor," said Bob Louary, lii 'unung his pony. "Get out of my way, and while I ride off you get a good look at my pony's tefc." Then Harry, quite ashamed of himself, got on his pony and went off in a different direction. When he got home, his sister came into the room and said, " Did you know that Bob >»»jt & party to-day !' Yes, I know." 44 How is it that you are not there!" » Oh, we had a dispute about our ponies' tails. He said that his pony's tail was the longer, aud I said that my pony's tail was." After the party wes over, Harry "rode to Bob Louary, and this is what he said : — " Dear Bob, w>u were right ; Bro way's toil is the longer— jest one inch— not worth quarrelling about. I would have told vou before, only I thought that yoa would think I wanted an invitation," The some day Harvy got a letter from Bob Louary, and this is the wsv it read " Dear Harvy, — Bro way's tail is not worth noticing. I would have told you before, only I thought you would think I could not have a partv without yon. Never mind, I won't have «nnt).»r without you. Let us make it up." Oca Per Cow.— By Mary Jane Dansoa.— We have a very quiet cow which surprised us very much a few weeks ago with an addition of twin calves to our stock. She has been used to pettins ever airny she was a calf, and after she was once milked she seemed to like the process very well. One evening when she had wandered a long way from home and had not got back at milking time, she turned in at an open gate and bellowed about the door and mid a 8ucii a noise that the mistress of the Louse went out and milked her, after which the cow seemed quite satis fied, and quietly Walked off ia the direction of home, arriving there late at night. Although she is well looked after, she is a great rogue, and whenever she gets a chance she jumps into the hay yard ; but seldom enjoys a good feed, for the dorsoon spies her and forces her to yet out the way she got ia, onlv a little faster. A Pet Sheep.— By Douglas Bates, Metung.— My father had a flock of sheep, and one of them lost its lamb. When we found the mother she would not take it, so we fed it from a bottle, and it began to follow us. and when it was strong it would not go with the flock, and we put it with the calves. it looked so strange to see it with them, and when it was a year old it had twin iambs. One of thorn but the other grew up and we sold it to the butcher for 7s We have two of the calves, but they have grownup and have calves of their own, and this sheep always stays with them. When the cows are brought up to be milked the sheep comes with them and waits rill they <re milked. Narrow Escape feo Death.— By Joseph Jeffers, Longwany.— One day & friend of mine was walking along the railway line coming towards Lomrwarry. He was passing along near the river when he hear! a shrill, warning whistle. Glancing behind him he saw apsssenger train approaching him. He ran along for & short way, and then jumped from the bridge. He was just in time. The train rushed by, but he was cafe. A little dog that was following him, 3 so badly cut about that he had to destroy it, but he saved his own life. 