euro j?r,OLi ksb'' soeooxp | ~ v -?- s,o.or.L »— «ck« ? I I.HZ3 A. C. GuAiui:^ o2. AnoiXoy., L;'ol vcccivcd n'nrbo from 'tlio UvJ.vc'rctt^ O'JaI rccdc;idcrii for tho bc.io'collcr.tion' orcchool i boy ' mt'ZtakcSV ; c.nd't'iby' r.rovprintcdr:;-V j i tho currcnt1 number oJ'thr.b pcriodicr.Kv In ? an r,ccGinpr.nyin,'7 letter, ' Gr^hr.m cava ' \VIion I lc?.rncd orio day tha rcmarkablo facb thr.b 'llaicd r.nd.Odc::r.o j translated Euripluc^,5 S fclb1 thr/utho^tirao i had como for action ; 2 v.t.o filled 77ith o burning desiro to charo TzUh'othcro my joy in thc;ofact3 5 and r.3 a mc^nn ofjcprccid- 1 ing tho *Ko\7 Learning,' Sbcgan.tojcollccbl from 'o-arainatfoa papers and nnovrcra in I cla:o whatever vrould throw po lighb on old cubjcct:?r' A Iy?.vot been jt^io ycaro^c.b | iL now. and havo'plcaouro ijccndinr;*,70u tho subjoined twclvo ostracto from my^ ' gomo.' Thoy aro o.ll honCL-jIda anuv/cra, tho spoiling and J punctuation beinc unchanged ; in raosb cancsllmvo ctill'tho original documcnto from v/hich^thoy r too taken.' Among 'cclcctcd Gpecim'cno'- i from Miss Graham and others,, given by our contemporary, aro tho following — ! . DIVINITV.-— ' Esau wan, a man v/ho v/roto fables and who sold tho copyright to u pub lisher for a bottlo of potash.— Explain tho diffcrenco between tho . religious beliefs of tho Jowo and Samaritans. Tho Jown ' beliovcd in tho synagoguo and had their 1 Sunday on a Saturday, but tho Samaritans believed in tho Church of England and worshiped in groves of oak ; thereforo tho Jews had no dealings with tho Samaritans. — Titus was a Roman Emperor — supposed to havo written tho Epistlo to the Hebrews — his other namo was Ontcs. ?' English Histouy. —Oliver Cromwoll was a man who wa3 put into prison for his interlercnco in Ireland. When ho won in prison ho wroto 'Tho Pilgrim's Progress ' ; and married a lady called Mrs. O'Shca. — Wolsey was a famous general who fought in tho Crimean War, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Crom well, 'Air! if I had only served you as you havo served mo, I wuuld not havo been deserted iu my old age.' Wesley wa3 the founder of tho Wesloyan Chape), who was afterwards called Lord Welling ton ; a monument was erected to him in Hydo Park, bub it hii3 been takon down lately. — Who was Jlenry 111. ? A zealous supporter of tho Church, and died a Dissen try. — What is Divino Right? Tho liberty to do what you liko in Church. — What is a Papal Dull ? A sort of cow, only larger and does not givo milk. — Perkin Warbeck raised a rebellion in tho roign of Henry VIII. ' IIo said ho was tho son of a princo, but ho was really tho son of respectable I people. j . 3)i:riNiTi0NS. — Phoenicians. — Tho invent ors of Phamicvan blinds. ? Bacchanal, — A native of Bcchuana, in South Africa. Chimacra.— A thing used to. tako liko no-scs with. Watershed. — A plaeo in which boats aro stored in winter. Gender. — Is tho way whereby wo tell what ees a man is. Cynical.— A cynical lump of sugar is ono pointed at tho top. Immacu late, — Stato of thoso who havo passed tho entrance examination at London i Univer- sity. Hydrostatics. — Is when a mad dog .bites you. Ibis called hydrophobia when a dog is mad, and hydrostatics when a man catches it. - ? Ekomsu Language and LrrisruTtrnn.— Keats wroto a navago criticism on Endy mion, which brought on consumption. — Tiio sonnet is a thing that has its lirst four lines two motcors (quartan) and in last six two meteors (turzotte). — Latin of tbo 4th 1 period was introduced into tho language at tho invention of Christianity G97 A. d., when tho nobility and gentry epoko Latiu-Frcnch and tho Danes i-ottled tho throno for nearly thirty years.— Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. ? But was too weak to fulfil his duty which tho Ghost had told him. Ho was very good to his mother. Ho pro fuins madness, ho really only pub it on but uomo people say ho was mad. Ono day wlion no was fighting tho king askqd bim if ho would havo something to drink & ho had pub poisin in ib & Hamlob said ho would waib the Queen took ib & then oho falls down dead Hainlcb immediately ntabs his father & drinks tho poisin aud dica — What do you understand by tho Augustan ago in English Litcraturo? Wo mean tho timo of Ciedmon, who flourished and wroto ' Comus 'about tbo timo that Sb. Augus tinoconvortcd tho peoplo of Kent. «i Miscellaneous.— Briefly describe tho heart, and its function or work — Thohcarb is n conical . shaped bag. « Tho heart io divided into soveral parts by a fleshy peti tion. \ Theso parts are called right artillery, left artillery, and so forth.' \ Tho fuuetion of tho heait is botween tho lungs. Tho work of the iiearb i3 to repair, tho different organs in about half a minute!—' What is a volcano? ? A volcano . is a -.very; powerful rock.— What is tlio ; meaning * of . mcr dc ( jhtce ? Mothor of glass.-- What arc fossils ? Fossils aro thoso remains of plants and animals which A kcop best ? when left ? to themselves.— What fossil remains do we Gnd of fishes ? £ In some rocks wc find the fessil footprints of fishes. — What aro tho metamorpnie rocks? ; Rocks that contain metaphors.— 'What * is ? tho ' matter?' queried a tcachcr. ?? 'You seem to bo rather uncomfortablo there.' 'I'vo got tho interjection, sir,' was tho unexpected reply. — Explain tho ''words fort and for tress. - A fort is a plaeo to put men in, and a fortress a plaeo to put women in. — What is a Republican 1 ? A Republican is a sinner mentioned in tho Bible, — The two chief volcanoes in Europo. Sodomand Gomorrah. 