A MOSLEM SHRiNE. UST off the high road, on a breezy cliff J which overlooks the Mediterranean, 1 wo little domes peer above a rough, lime washed wall. They indicate that a saint and his saintly issue (for the title is heredit ary in Islam) lie buried there, and, in their way, define the gulf which bhe French are so anxious to bridge over here in Algeria. Imagine an oblong enclosure strewn with narrow white tombs in all stages of oblitera tion and decay, choked with waving grasses and slimy weeds ; at its Eastern base a low, white pent-house where dwells the care taker—a good man who has either obtained his office as a sinecure of inheritance, or has been at pains to establish it as such for the benefit, of himself and posterity. Springing as an excrescence from the northern wall, and built into it, is the oldest of the koubbas, or shrines, a blind, white square of broad stones girt with a cornice of gaudy tiles, and bristling with a rude battlement, above which rises a squat, blunted dome. A glance through the grating in the door reveals darkness and dim tombs, a ragged banner or two, and a bib of faded drapery ; over everything dust, mildew, and spiders. Peering through the ragged branches of a bushy old fig- tree, facing her sister, is the younger of these two litble'slii-ines. More adventurous, flightier, sadly tawdy ; making, however, with her gay dado of biles, queer scrawling mottoes and cabalistic signs, a bright Eastern picture. She bears an airy little faqadt of three or four horseshoe arches poised on slender spiral columns — discovered thrpugh their, crust of crumbling whitewash to be marble ; relics;' possibly, "Of the old Roman city, buried her.e. Two tin lanterns, stuck -over with, pink paper roses and guttered candle-ends, ; dangle to ' and; fro under the arcade. / : At our. first meeting the koubbas were- simmering in a mellow glow, as if the centu ries of warmth and light were being returned to the sun which gave them. Nothing was wanting to complete tlie Eastern glamour of the whole : vivid sunshine ; white domes clear cut against a blue sky ; a tall palm with its swaying crown of feathers ; a shrouded woman huddled against the wall, and her dirty child tumbling half-naked among the tombs ; a hobbled donkey pain fully cropping here and there ; and, as if to fill and crown the picture, si young Kabyle came presently out of the lean-to at the end of the court carrying a cruche in her hand. A grey petticoat, striped red and white, down to her knees, a loose muslin shirt which suggested, instead of hiding, her full bust, and a bright handkerchief in her glossy hair were all her dress. One stopped to admire her gracious carriage and unembarrassed- step, her ruddy-brown clear skin and large shining eyes. She came, swinging the cruche, to the dilipidated old well in the middle of the court, and stood leaning on one arm against the parapet while the bucket descended. Then she hauled it up hand over hand, with easy, sweeping strokes, her body bending to the weight like some slender poplar before a gale, her bare feet planted apart, grasping the soil as firmly as its roots. A colour flushed her brown cheeks, and the light gleamed in her eyes ; her soit lips parted to ease lier breathing, her bosom heaved under its gauzy veil with the hard work. The March wind caught her hair and blew it across her face ; she tossed it back with a smile, and as she tossed threw a glance at us over her shoulder, and smiled again. A fine, free young thing, innocent and frisky as a filly out at grass, with a toilful, frugal' life oefore her in the quiet court, until she marry some grave, brown man of her own race, and raise up strong sons to sprawl as children in a sunny corner such astnis, then to go forth rto! work tending goats, or hoeing vineyards on the ragged mountain sides or in the peaceful .valleys of this beautiful land of hers, This pretty creature was the daughter of the caretaker, an.d lived in the lean-to hub with I don't knoiy how many generations, of relatives ; .for; as well as women and. girls;, there was a swarm of children for ever crawling and scrambling about in the court. I watched often and carefully the simple -life of the Kabyle family, and found it full of charm and suggestion. There was a gentle uncomplaining mediocrity about them all ; a steady working for a few things, and a deep enjoyment of the wages thereof, a directness and innocence, and a vigour which, as a lesson alone, were worth going out to see. From Algiers, brightest, most motley, most self-seeking of sunny southern towns, where the French have signally bridged their gulf —laying, sure foundations- of absinthe and hotel requirements to be fulfilled for sous — and convened their wild Arabs into flaneurs, chiffoniers, touts, quack guides, and what not' (all- which parts, be it said, the Arabs were very willing to play) ; from Algiers, I say, to the tranquil moments of this even life is a far cry, and hopefully sug gestive of a possible asylum from the noisy, blatant storm and stress amid which most of U3 sweat and groan our days away. Cemeteries and tombs are favourite haunts of bhe women in all Eastern countries, and accordingly I find numbers of them here everyday. In the presence of bhe dead, it seems, they venture to disregard the living, for directly they have entered the court and kissed the walls and a stray stone or so, they throw off their habarahs, and, squatting in a corner, prepare to enjoy themselves in their shrill, acrid fashion. Shrouded in the habarah, her legs swathed in thick folds of calico, each resembles her sister ghost, and shuffles on her same dull way encumbered with mystery— none of her seeking— draperies, and babies. Unveiled, the mono tony is still there, for it goes deeper than the veil ; and horrible it is to conolude, as irresistibly we must, that the clothes have become veritable ' Nessus- shirts;, that the 'shrouds once on can never come off again ; for if put away they are still th.ere, shrouding soul instead of body. And the shrouding ! here begins at fourteen ; think of that ! A mother of two children— a mere slip of a girl— comes nearly every day: Comes shuffling in, a drab bundle. of a creature, dragging. her babies with her ; punctually kisses the same stones, and then chatters in a thin voice for half.-an- hour. A more pathetic sight I think I never saw. Wan and lined and vacant; gossips a little; slanders in whispers and with eyes askance at the object of it, or at me ; laughs shrilly without merriment, and always where to cry would be more to the purpose ; then rises with a weary gesture and puts on the shroud that never was off if she but knew it ; and shuffles out again into her cage. These Kabyle dwellers in the lean-to are better off. No shrouds, palpable or inpalpa'ole, for them. Hard work in plenty, and a bed as hard to rest on, scanty fare, a shed to cover them ; here are no luxuries, God wot. But free limbs and a bare head, bare feet and a free soul, are gifts from the treasure- house of Nature, though now per haps somewhat scorned and made light of . by the qualms and whimsies of a high- sniffing world. ''Income of one hundred pounds a year," cries Carlyle, " arid no dry- rot in the soul of you anywhere; income of one hundred thousand pounds a year, and nothing but dry-and-wet rot in the soul of yon (ugly appetites; unveracities, blusterous conceits . arid probably— as, symbol of . all things— a pot-belly to your, poor body ltseit) ; on, my Irienas !"— Temple, Bar. 