NATibD TOB. riVE MINUTES. • . UP A MOLD'EBBY THEE. ' : HHve .you e'er beard o£:a 'ornhle tale of tbe'doal'has your hair stood on end as your-pcalp has been -'taken off" in the frightful adventures -recounted amid the blacltB' ofi.CrongingeralonK ! or have your teeth chattered, and your face blanch, d as ybu'liavo seen the ghost in the yarn riaf right "before you, and lake the ehorfes! out to embrace you' hive you cvsr felt these Bdusaticus ? If you have, htro is ^ shbckbr that will eclipsa any of theiii, and Ieiiv3-ybu in a fit au one dead. Time —Lively, tut to bo move exact say about 31 a.m. '-Locality.-River side, lovely epot, romantic, &c.; , &c.; ' Actbire.—A party of old boys in camp, ACT I Old hoys oujoviriE scenery, witn piiuko end firo from the (' crater." Photo 'grapher Bhobting light and ahade alternately, river Tippling, trees joat moving, jky 'bluc, everything else in keeping—in 1 the well-ailed baakBt. - ACT II. In lho midst of ttuoka and laughter, a yenerablc-old; inan appears, and BOleinnly lifting'his"hB«di"nnd poiiHiug across the ' river, lio hl;)\v]y—meditatively—snys^. "Young men, (pause) on ;that side of the river,-yonder, isra deserted liouae, (coughs) ' and a fdeserted garden (quickening his speed) in it, with plenty of mulberries, (two B young men '• arose from their husks) and if you like to go over you can liave as'msny as youi.pleaee." Cheers, and , -duBt was laid .on tho air, AOT III. ; Tlio curtain rises on the same scene a> in act l. Two fornis prcoGnlly emerge; from tho thick undergrowth, destitute of ' •every VBBtige of covering, uot even a boxer. Eachiu hand lns ,o;tin W|lliam--with liead ereot andoaay Taien, except for ,tho.sharp sticks, &o; , which ticklo npHtheir bare feet, 5 -ana'cause them;to corrobboreo;a bit,;:lhey: go onward and-Inward .into, tho .river. William in rooutb, they strike out and battle th current, reaching easily the opposite bank Like littlo Allright, tbey turn round and''bow tlicir .;ackuowlei3gnionts:ib;llioso.in:.tbo:.diBtance,^tboir only covering the billy,:which :they use to the beBt advantage -AOI IV. -Garden scene.—Splendid trees, rich fruit, tranquillity xeignB, Edon with two Adonis, not an Eve jn sight. With gracefuVettides and carelees ait the pair, wander iip and down the-garden-and eiijos its pleaeureB. Coming at Icugth to the .mul- • berry trees, which stolid pear- tho long disused main gate, they .mount the trees, aid-begin to Ull their vessels. Time is of no value; leisure takes its plapp, and aa a obnBenuence the ripcet jrnit ^suffers. Everything is ttilljovcrything is jolly,end . up tree islun. •j • ACT V, Tbreo'huv.drBd yards from tho deserted cot, a party of elglit.ladies and.two gentle men in a largo, carry-all approach. The road iB • duety,-the .waggon moves -slowly end noiselcBslv, tho cccnponts drinking in the beauties'around. Onward thoy come rea'cbing-the-gate, and entenna the gardenjuBt bbaidb the. mulberry ueoB. thoy pick up tho fruit which has been hacked down, and Btain their .protty 'iips. They laugh, and' talk, and run here and there in a delirium of delight. They hive come to stay for the day,, and proceed to lay tlib cloth, &c.; Their gentlemen fnenda meanwhile - have . reached tho : old house, 1 and calling tho ladies to see some of Itu antiquitieS/tbey for a few moments lesvb the snowy cloth and its companions and scainper oft to inspect the ruins. ACT vt . - The"mul&iTy; trees move, the fruit fulls —toes, then fOBt,: then, legs, &c.;, &c.; slowly deiseend, and in oiv.auwutlwo forme, •well doubled up, and with as much -in the billies as possible; niake.with fearful ha3te for the iter rPiunging in, they Boon rn«ph * lir-ne 3 ' aiuid a cvcloneof the wlldr CBt laughter, which brings out tho ladies and -then -fnendsj;butUhe.v,.are. tpp:.;Iate; ended for ever is that e*o ting and thrilling lallcau iit fiie awful minutes up a mul berry troo i ith nothing on but a billy. 