Jlmu0awmt0, BIJOU THEATRE. There was a good attendance in the Bijou Theatre on Saturday evening when an Aus tralian drama entitled 'Saneom' was pro duced for the first time in Adelaide by the Dan Barry Dramatic Company. Tbe play is of the adventurous and bushranging type, and although it can perhaps scarcely claim to 'hold tbe mirror up to nature' as regards Australian life, either past or present, it is full of action and fine language. Almost all the men are picturesquely attired with gaudy sashes aad high boots, and the costumes of the ladies are a credit to the bush. The story is that of a handsome ycung selector, Harold Graham, who 5s naturally in antagonism to the ?wealthy squatter, Philip Mariett, on whose run 'he lias taken up land. There are other causes 'of dislike on the part of Marlett, as Graham has married the girl with whom the squatter was in love. Graham, while riding with medicine to the hut of au old shepherd, is cap tured by the bushrangers, who inform his wife that he will be hanged the next morning at sunrise unless she brings £1,000 ransom. This Etna can only be obtained from Matletfc, and after a great straggle with herself Mabel Graham agrees to fly to Europe with him if he gires her the eutn necessary to save her hus Vsmd'E life, her mental reservation being that ehe will kill herself if be insists on his bargain. She rides in on horsebaek with the ransom just in time to prevent the bushrangers from beginning revolver practice at an ace of hearts pinned on the snowy ehirt of the unfortunate selector. Mariett's \- plan is baulked by a clever young station hand in Graham's employ, and the squatter shortly afterwards meets his doom at the hands of one of the bushrangers who has plotted revenge for 12 years -yspng to Marletfc having ' evicted' him and his young wife and child into the 'bash, where the two latter perished. Graham is accus&d; of the murder, and sentenced to im prisonment for life. Fortunately the murderous \- outlaw is aJso in Berrima Gaol, New South ?TYales, and when very ill he is brought into Graham's cell by the authorities on the rather ghastly supposition that the dying man will Ttie 'nice company for him.' The murderer dies with due promptitude, and before he gives up the ghost exonerates Graham of the crime. There is an underplot winch provide tbe comic relief, and in which a new chum, who is going to ba an earl, a henpecked husband and his wife and daughter figure. Miss Mildred Bc'ton. who courageously acted although suffering severely from a sprained foot, made a very good im pression as Mabei Graham. Mr. Patten looked wtU as the conventional selector in a crimson sasb, and was as imposing and grandiloquent as Geo. Darrell himself could have been. ilr. Boothman had a thank less pr.rt aa the villain ilarlett, but he went through it in a business-like manner without too much scofi''ing. Mr. Edwin Campbell as the new chum Gu=sie fioy/ard 'ooked aa if Australia agreed with him, and Mr. Dan Barry provided amusement! as Fitzgerald, jthe henpecktd_ husband. JJi=s Dora ilostyn %a= really bright and perky as tSe young station hand, G^-laping Tom, and made the 'play move whenever she was on the stage, iliss E. Sydney and Miss Gladys Duness did wry weli as Jlrs. Fitzgerald and her daughter Angelina. Mr. BalzieU looked dark and dangerous as the head of the bushrangers, but Slick Ryder, the vindictive outlaw, seemed rather shaky on his pins, probably the result oCbroodingov^chis-srongsfortwelvelongyears. Socie of the other bushrangers looked too much liketravellingtinsmiths,andshould be provided ?with red sashes and made to look more blood thirsty. Mr. St. Glair was officially stolid as Sergeant Toai Coward, who is stated to be a historic character, not unidentifiable in Ade laide society, and who was connected with the Teal incidents -which, form the basis of ' Ranecm.' 