ON WHEELS OF FIRE. BY J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY, Author of How Came He Dead?" " An Excellent Knave," "Sweet is Revenge," "A Modem Magician," 'That Villain Romeo," etc. HE FANCIED HE EHELD THEI FEATUIES OF THE DEAD. CHAPTER X V.- (CosrrnIunS.) Jacob Selwyn could not at first realise the -ense of her words, but when it broke upon him his first thought was one of pity for her. " My poor child, my own darling, did the scoundrel dare to wrong you ? 0 God, that such a villain should live," he said, tighten ing his arms around her as if to protect her against the world and to shelter her in 1 inhis heart. "Oh, father, I loved him once only too well," she said between her sobs, "and I thought myself his wife until the hour I left him. You believe me-you believe that?" " Yes, Stella, I know you would not do wrong. The sin is not yours, but his, and he will reap its punishment-the scoundrel !" " Don't talk of that, dear." "Thank God you have come back to me," he replied, kissing her once more. " Oh, that I were near the villain, I would take his life. Such vermin should not he permitted to live," he cried out, his eyes bright from ex. citement, his usually pale face flushed with anger, his limbs trembling from emotion. Stella sank into a chair exhausted. and her father seeing how worn and weary she i looked brought her wine. which he forced her to drink, and food which he pressed her to eat. The woman who attended on his own 1 modest wants had gone home for the night, i and no one had seen Stella enter the cottage. Then he threw some wood upon the fire, for the evening was raw and damp, and made her sit in his own great chair beside the hearth. The ruddy glow of the blaze fell warmly i on the familiar walls, and glistened on the glass of the old engraving and wool-worked pictures, and tinged the pale, earnest face i whose eyes were fixed anxiously upon her. All remained untouched and unaltered as when she had left ; all that had happened 1 since her departure might have been a dresm, from which this was the tardy awakening. i Would it had been a dream, and not a terrible reality. Presently when she had laid aside her bonnet and cloak, and had somehow mastered the choking sensation in her throat, she told her father the history of her life since she had quitted his home: told him of her journey to London; of being met at the station by Crawford and driven through a wilderness of close streetsand busy thorough fares,until theyarrivedatthat dark andgloomy house he called his own, where a man dressed as a parson awaited them and read the marriage service; of their departure for Switzerland and their travels through foreign sands. h Then she dwelt sadly on the evening of their arrival at Mlilan and his receipt of a certain letter, from which time his manner had 'changed towards her ; she mentioned their t stay in Paris, and finally she spoke of that miserable day at Boulogne, when he told her she was not his wife; of her fruitless ap. peal, of the arrival of Arthur Ferrara, and of the false statement she had made to him. " You should have told Arthur the truth, and let him give the scoundrel the chastise ment he deserved," said the schoolmaster, whose agitation scarce permitted him to speak. " But there would have been bloodshed, and I would not have the friend who sought to avenge me injured, nor yet the man who wronged me." " I will find him myself, and give him the punishment he deserves from a father's hands," Jacob Selwyn said, pacing the room backwards and forwards, forgetfulofhis age and lack of strength in his righteous desire to bring the betrayer to book. Then pausing, he asked, " Where is Arthur now P" " I don't know," answered Stella, adding after a pause, "I cannot bear to see him again. Only now, when I myself have been deceived, do I realise the wrong I did him. No, we must meet no more. No more," and -tears streamed down her cheeks. "He would not resent your leavine him, *he would only pity you, my dear child-my poor Stella." " But don't you understand, father, that his pity would be hardest to bear ?" she cried out. "But I dare say you will have to meet him some day." " Not necessarily," she replied. "How is that, Stella ?" " Because, dear father, I don't intend to remain here." "Where would you go?" he asked, anxsusly. ' Anywhere into the world where I am un known. By my own foolish act I have out myself adrift from my happy and innocent past. No one here would believe my story; -or if they did they would mock me for think ing I had married above my station. Women are cruel to each other, especially in such a case as mine. The girls I once play with are happy wives, and honored mothers, whilst I -whilst I-" she covered her face, and her sentence remained unfinished. " My dear child, you mistake : no one would be so black-hearted as you imagine; they could not, they dare not, insult you." " You judge people too gently, father. I couldnotboarto bringeshameuponyou, whoare respected and loved by everybody, nor could I endure the contempt or compassion of those who were once my friends. Anything but that-anything but that." "But what would you do, Stella?" " Go quietly away to-morrow or next day. No one need know my story; we will let *sem think I ran down from town to see you for a few hours, and that I have gone back to him. I can teach or I can work, and no doubt, in London I shall soon find some em ployment. There at all events I can keep my secret." "And you would leave me ?" the school master said, reproachfully. " Because it would be best for you, dear." she replied, striving to be brave when most tempted to be weak. "Stella, my dear," he said, tenderly, as sitting beside her he took her hands in his. "you are the only child I have to love in all the world, and without you life would be more cheerless than the grave." She flung her arms round his neck and kissed him again and again. "It was for your sake, dear, as much as my own, I thought of leaving you," Stella replied, "but if you wish it I will remain ohere, and we shall not be parted. Perhaps it is best I should hear what I deserve." "No, we shall not beparted," ihe repeated, and then after astroggle he added, "but youn need not remain here, dear." "What do you mean, father?"'' she asked, gnlping down her tears. "That youn and I vill go abroad into the world and begin life anew." "No, dear, I cannot accept the sacrifice,' she rejoined. "I could not take you away from this peaceful villase which you love, from the old college friend who is to you a "brother, from the kindly neighbors who Sesteem you, from all you hold dear, in order I 826) to bring you into a strange word and amongst strange people. No, dear, I am not so selfish as that." "But you are more to me than friend or neighbor." "' I will stay here with you," she answered, calmly. "No, Stella, now when you have told me the pain it would cost you, I would not have you remain. Together we will go into the world, where none will knuw of the wrong you have suffered, where a new life, and perhaps a happier, will open before us, in which the past may be blotted from your memory, or remembered as a troubled dream." " Iow brave and unselfish you are, father, and how weak and ungrateful I have been," she answered, striving to smile upon him. "No, dear, not unselfish, for it would pain me to see you slighted or made to suffer her ; ani then I should not be separated from you : so that you see I am utterly selfish after all." But this sophistry could not deceive her, nor could his gentle smile hide the pain it sought to conceal. Knowing what this determination must have secretly cost him, she was overcome by gratitude and remorse, and laying her head on his breast she sobbed like a child. He did not seek to check her tears, knowing they would relieve her heart, and not until they had almost ceased to flow did he say, " We must never part again, Stella." "N'ever," she answered, "so long as God in His mercy will leave us together.' Then they sat by the fire, side by side, as in the olden time before the joy of that new love which so soon had turned to misery had filled her heart; making plans for the future and picturing to thermselves the life that lay before them. Yet nothing did they see so strange where all must needs be novel, noth ing did they imagine so eventful where much must be of import, as that which afterwards befel them. CHAPTER XVI.-TIbE NEW EA~n RE TURNS. On his return to London the new Earl of Redfriars drove to the rooms recently oc eupied by his brother. No unpleasant thoughts of the tragedy which had occurred there hindered him from taking possession. Weary of hotel life he contemplated settling down here in peace. He had neither apart ments nor habitation of his own, and he was aware that his brother's fiat, which was leased for the next two years, was comfort able. On his arrival hb'was met iy his brother's servant, Whyman, a tall, grave man of more than middle age, with a well-set, upright figure, dark, clean-shaven face and steady brown eyes expressing force, reflection and reserve. By arrangement with Mlyles New bury he had remained as caretaker of his late master's rooms until the coming of the new earl, who had the option of retaining his services. A telegram having prepared him for the return of Lord Redfriara, Whyman had set all things in order; fires blazed in dining, sitting and bed rooms, the dinner table was laid, and that meal already ordered from a neighboring restaurant. Redfrairs being sensitive to surroundings was pleased by these attentions. The look of warmth, the air of snugness, the appearance of solid comfort were most agreeable to him after the chill stateliness, dreary splendor and draughty spaciousness of foreign apartments. "Dinner ready, W'hyman?" Redfriars said, looking round with satisfaction. "It will be served immediately, my lord," the man answered, and then noiselessly dis appeared. By the time the earl had changed his clothes the soup was on the table, and then followed a meal such as was sure to commend itself to a traveller, light, dainty and ap petising. The wines were well selected and the cigars which Whyman produced were of excellent brand. The new peer thoroughly enjoyed himself and stretched his legs under the table with an air of satisfaction, as he re flected that his brother had done a wise thing in removing himself from the path of one who could better fill his place. Physically they had been as much alike as twins; their height, build, com plexion and gait being so similar that one was continually mistaken for the other, much to the elder man's displeasure. But hero all resemblance between them ended; for mentally and morally they were as diverse as the poles. There was little to recommend and much to condemn in the character of the present peer. Sceptical in all things he had little belief in the virtue or honor of man or woman. Selfishness being the dominant note in his nature he had never hesitated to inflict on others the pain or misery which he shrank from enduring himself. Reckless in his ex travagance he had plunged deeply into debt, careless of to-morrow and its consequences so long as he reaed enjoyment to-day. The late Lord Redfriars had been grave and thoughtful from his youth; given to study, interested in science, philanthropic. No scandal had ever been associated with his name; he had injured no man; wronged no woman. Soon after his thirtieth year he had succeeded his spendthrift father, and recognising the re sponsibility of his position and the em barrassed state of his affairs he had striven hard by retrenchment and care to lift the heavy load of debt from his ancestral acres. His natural love of retirement, his in difference to luxury, his hatred of display, rendered this task more easy of accomplish ment to him than to an individual of a different disposition: yet for one man to undo what generations had done, was a diffioult task. There was hope, however, of eventual success, and it could not have been either depression or despair on this ground that had driven him to the terrible act by which he had ended his life. The deed was so out of keeping with his character, so wholly unlike what might have been expected of him, that at tines doubts had risen in his brother's mind le to whether the murder was self-inflicted or not. But on this point neither the doctors nor the jury had hesitated; the manner in which the pistol wound bad been inflicted clearly pointed to suicide; there was no motive for murder perceptible, none could be supposed or imagined, nor could the act have been committed without the knowledge of Why man, a faithful and devoted servant. Was there mystery hero Why had the late lord, at a moment when he had the prospect of a happy marriage with the girl he loved, and when his economy and manage. ment were bearing fruit on thie estates-why had he taken his lifeP Was there some spectre of the past which hlie dreaded ? Surely not, for his lifo had been blameless. Was there aught in his future he feared so much as to make him flee from its comingP Such thoughts and questions continually presented themselves before his successor's mind; not that the latter cared much, whether remorse or terror or suffering had beset his brother and driven him to a desperate end, but that some vague idea continually haunted him, that whatever it was that had cast its shadow on the dead man's path and exercised so terrible an effect, might some day all unex pectedly cross his own. Even as he lay back in his chair enjoying his after dioner cigar and dwelling on his promising future, such thoughts beset him, and to escape from them he rose and entered the sitting-room. The flat was situated on the first floor of one of those grey, solidly built houses erectedtwo hundred years ago in Hanover-square. The apartment boasted that spaciousness and loftiness unknown to modern mansions ; ceilings and cornices were elaborately ornamented; the walls covered with oak panelling, fortunately preserved from the desecration of the paint brush, the windows high, narrow and deeply recessed. An atmosphere pervaded them such as be came their age and associations. Histories they surely had of paramount interest to those who figured in them, but all forgotten now. Generations had entered and quitted life within their precincts ; the walls had heard strange tales, hadechoed with laughter and song, with wailing and with sighs ; the windows, like great staring eyes, had gazed on many a changing scene.. Ghosts may have; in the dull watches of the night, thronged the wide passages, orglided through those heavy doors with their deep mountings of tarnished brass. The long and narrow sitting-room which Lord Rcdfriars entered was lighted by stan dard lamps, clusters of candles, and by a bright fire blazing in the broad grate beneath a noble chimney-piece of white marble, time stained and delicately carved with wreaths of flowers upheld by corpulent Cupids, and satyrs eternally leering at scantily-clad nymphs. Above, in a massive gilt frame, hung a portrait of the eleventh earl, who had so royally wasted his substance in roysterous living; facing him on the opposite side of the wall was his long-suffering wife. Curtains of faded brown velvet were drawn across Sindows and doors: well- stocked book shelves filled recesses made by the projecting fireplace ; an escritoire black with age stood close by, and beyond were cabinets rich in old Italian carving, their tops supporting terra.cotta statuettes and Belgian pottery, whose deep blue color and quaint graceful shapes stood out against the sombre back ground of the panelling. Notwithstanding the yellow streaming from the lamps and candles, and the ruddy reflection from the fire, the apartment had something gloomy in its appearance that de pressed its occupant. He sat down in a great high- backed armed chair beside the hearth, and smoked and thought. Little trafflo passing through the square, no sound disturbed the silence of the early night, save the melancholy chiming of the clock of St. George's Church. The world might be asleep or dead for all sign it gave of life or waking. Though the burning coals throw out great heat, iRedfriars was conscious of a chill; there was something icy in the atmosphere. He strove to recall the sense of satisfaction he had recently felt, but deepdepression crept over and enveloped him as in a mist. What was its cause or its nature, he could not state ; it was undefined, vague, irresistible. His mind promptly scouted all ideas of such subtle influences as are said to be exercised upon the living by the dead. He believed that once a man quitted existence annihila tion ensued; there was no such thing as soul, spirit or consciousness, only a handful of clay, and nothing more. Therefore, neither fear nor thought of an invisible andunknown world and those who dwelt therein arose in his mind; this mood besetting him was due to physical causes--fatigue, indigestion, an over- wrought brain. From reading the reports of the inquest hold upon his brother he was aware that it was in this room the suicide had been com mitted. Perhaps during the last hour of his life the dead man had sat in this high-.bck chair meditating even as he who now filled it meditated; but what was the subject of his thoughts? Rodfriars would have given munoh to know, for they would have afforded a clue to the motive of that desperate deed. Unconsoiously he allowed the fire to get low, so that the ruddy blaze was no longer reflected on the time-stained oak of the walls. The position of the lamp caused his figure to cast a blurred, horrible shadow on the high ceiling. A feeling of languor gradually possessed him, and with it that strange fore boding of an undefined ill increased. All at once it seemed as if a second person was in the room, hiding in the shelter of the cabinet behind him, and then drawing near with a stealthy and gliding step, intent on evil purposes. Then the thought of his brother, whom he had never lovedeven in the days of his boy hood, whom in manhood he envied and hated, came into his mind with terrible force, so that for a second he almost believed the dead was present, leaning over him and breathing icily upon his head. With an effort he sprang to his feet. An old mirror framed in black ebony hung above him, and as he rose he involuntarily glanced into it, when with a frozen heart he drew back startled, dismayed and horrified. He had seen arefltotion of his own face, paler and graver than usual, and fancied he beheld the features of the dead. Quickly recovering, a reaction set in, and he laughed at his weakness. Going over to a table on which Whyman had placed a de canter of brandy, he poured out a glass and drank it at a draught. The liquid warmed and cheered him, and he walked up and down the room by way of regaining his composure, finally standing before the book shelves and taking down some volumes looked at them carelessly. They were not such as he would read. Herodotus and Plato in the original, ilontaigne's Essays, WValdn's Lifo of AMorean and the Vicar of VWakefield had no attraction for him. Mechanically he went to one of the old cabinets and pulled out a drawer, when his eyes fell upon a pistol. Soe had no doubt ic was the weapon with which his brother had taken his life; it fascinated him so that he could not remove his eyes from it, and with a trembling hand he took it from its resting place. Thesmoke of that last shot still tarnished the brightness of the barrel; lower down was a stain where suome blood clot or brain tissue may have lain. As he grasped the revolver he experienced a wild horror, confusion of mind and sickness of heart, suhob as the dead man might have felt when his nervous clutch closed upon the handle for the last time; antd involuntarily tedfriars, having a finger on the trigger raised the pistol slowly to his forehead until the cold steel touched his left temple. Then dropping it, hlie turned away terror-stricken at the act, cold perspiration oozing from his body. He drank more brandy, lit a cluster of candles on the chimney piece and threw some coals upon the fire. Presently, he looked at the escritoire which Newbury had, with some other articles, sealed up, until the now carl's return, and standing before it he said, " I may find there traces of the secret I want; doome scrap of paper, diary or letter may betrry the fear which drove him to death. 'To-morrow I will begin my search." CHAPTER XVII.--Vcrr.?l Pa's A VrsirT. It was late next morning when Lord Red friars rose, and scarcely had he finished his breakfast, when ?Whyman appeared to say Mr Virgil Lechmero had called. The earl became suddenly thoughtful; he had ex pected this visit and was prepared for it, yet he was not without a feeling that it might prove disagreeable. However, he reflectd that the sooner it was over the better,and turning to the servant bade him admit the viitor. ie, himself, went to the door with a smiling face and outstretched hands to wel come his cousin. " My dearVirgil, howaro you ?" he asked, with apparent delight. "All right, old chap, and how are you ?" "Tolerably well. How kind of you to come and see me so soon." " It was only yesterday I heard you had returned," remarked Virgil, looking round him, as if expecting to see someone else; Lord Redfriare noticed his glance, but made no remark. " Ihope you had a pleasant time abroad," said the tutor. " Pretty fair." " And Stella, how is she P" The earl, who had been leaning against the chimney- piece, turned abruptly away, an expression of pain upon his face. • " You haven't heard P" he remarked, in a low voice; "of course not, didn't write to you." " No. I hope nothing unpleasant has happened." " Stella is dead." "Dead?" responded the younger man, shocked at hearing that a bright young life had suddenly been extinguished. "1. am more grieved than I can say." "I knew you would be, old man; I counted on your sympathy." "How did it happen?" asked Virgil, gravely. "She took that accursed Roman fever. I had three doctors to attend her, and she ap peared to recover. But she would go out too soon, and one evening in the Pincio Gardens she caught a fresh cold. Poor Stella, before that day neek she was in her grave." "Poor girl: It must have been' a big blow to you." "I haven't recovered yet," responded Redfriars, with a melancholy air. "I don't wonder ; it's not a thing a man gets over easily. And her father, have you told him?" ' Of course; judgine by his letters. he seems heartbroken." "I'm awfully sorry. If she were living now, what achange it would make to her." "Yes, yes," replied Redfriars, impsa tiently. "She would be so glad, for your sake." " No doubt. Tell me, Virgil, did you ever mention that-that affair to any one?" "I promised you I wouldn't, and I've kept my word." " I know you would," remarked Red friars, with evident relief. "And now as it ended in such a melancholy way, there's no use in saying anythingabout it. Even to me it will be pain to hear any reference to it, for I was deucedly fond of her." "1 sha'n't mention it.' "'Thanks: I may rely on you, Virgil?" Redfriars said, eagerly. "Certainly. You have my word." " It's a chapter in my life which I don't want others to pry into, you understand; it belongs to her and to me alone--it's sacred -and I don'twish anyone to open it here after, no matter what may occur." " I quite agree with you," replied Leeh mere. He had not previously credited his cousin with such delicacy of sentiment, for which he was prepared to esteem him all the more. Redfriars walked to one of the tall, narrow windows and partially knelt upon the recessed seat whilst he looked at the old Hanoverian houses in the square, and con gratuhlted himself on the cleverness with which lie had played his part. When he had remained there a few seconds, whilst he hoped it might be supposed he was recover. ing from his emotion, he faced his cousin again, saying, " Then Horace's death gave me a shock." "Naturally. Who could have supposed he would have ended his life in such a manner? It was horrible-I can't under. stand it." " It was not like him." " Whyman loft him seemingly in good health and spirits one night, and next morsn ing found him huddled up here on the carpet, cold and dead. Poor fellow, it w's a sad ending !" Redfriars gradually approached the speaker until he was close in front of him, his eyes intently fixed upon his cousin's face. " What was the cause' " he asked, in a low, eager voice. " What was the cause of his death?" " Temporary insanity." "Bosh. Thera has never been any mad ness in our family; we may have been a great many other things, but we've never been insane." "That was the verdict returned by the jury." "A set of noodles. Why should homi cidal mania suddenly develop itself in a man who has no such hereditary taint, and whose blood was as tame assa clodhopper's? I tell you there must be something under the sur face, and if you know or suspect what it is, tell me and relieve me!" said Redfriars, growing every second more excited. "I don't know of anything which could have urged him to commit suicide," replied Virgil. "He didn't drink or gamble, and he led a quiet life. Then he was going to marry the girl of his choice." " Had they any quarrel?" "No, they never had a moment's disagree ment. In his farewell letter to her he as sured her of his love. She is almost heart broken." " There's something about his death which puzzles and scares me," remarked Redfriare, impatiently, and with a touch of fear in his voice. "You cannot suspect foul play?" " No, no ! but I suspect a motive." "I agree with the jury." " And I don't. It's hard to know a man, Virgil ; those who live with him for half a century may be strangers to him. We all have our secrets hidden from the world's gaze. Rest assured Horace had his." " What if he had? It has died with him, so lot it rest in his grave," replied Virgil. " I would, willingly, but I've got a con founded notion that I can't rid myself of, that what affected him and brought him to his death, may likeowise affect me and bring me to a like end." "This is horrible," exclaimed Virgil. "It's morbidness- " "I know it is, and that's why I told you. I won't feel it so much now that I've men tioned it ; that old chap was right who said an honest confession is good for the soul." You mustn't let the idea that what in fluenced him will influencue you take posses sion of your mind. There's no foundation for such a theory." " I know-yet it haunts me." " That way madness lies; a thought grows and grows upon a man, and is often fed and strengthened Iy the arguments meant to destroy it ; the best plan is to dis miss it altogether." " I'll try," said the earl. " You used not to be morbid, but I sup pose these tvwo deaths have upset youn." Probabl'. I must be out of esorts. Now tell me about yourself, what are you doing P" " Teaching. A week after I posted nmy last letter to you I became tutor to a back ward boy, whom I'm grinding for his matriculation exam. It's not hard work, and I've a nooed deal of time on my hands." " I'm glad you like it, Virgil." " I didn't say I liked it, but I am glad to find some employment whilst I'm waiting r something better to turn up." " Still in your old rooms " " No, I'm living with my pupil at his father house in Queen's Gate." " Queen's Gate," repeated the earl. " What's your pupil's name?" , Jobbie Gubbs; the father is a wealthy morchant, an honest-hearted, good- natured man, who rose from the ranks." " Mr Samuel Gubbs ?" " You know him ?" " Newbury mentioned him to me." " Of course; it was through him I got the tutorship." " A pleasant familyP" enquired the earl. ' Yes. It eonPists of the father with his son and daughter." " WVhat's the girl like?" "Bright and clever," answered Leohmere, promptly. "Good.loolkingP" "l)eoidedly handsome; add her manners are quite unaffected and thoroughly charm ing," volunteered the young man, his face kindling. Riedfriars looked at him gravely, as a suspicion crossed his mind that perhaps the heiress bad been alrseady favorably im pressed by his couesin, who was a younger, a bettor looking and doubtless a more attrao tive man to a girl without knowledge of the world. "You are good friendsP" he suggested. "Excellent," answered Virgil, all unaus piolous of the idea terming in his relative's mind. "She's an heiress," said the earl, still anxious to gauge Virgil's mind. "TUnfortunately," remarked the tutor, im pulsively. "For her?" " No, but for him who would love and win her for herself alone, and who dreads the barrier which her wealth may raise between them?' " Have you gone so far as that, old chap?" Redfriars asked, with evident inte rest. "I don't mind telling you that Ilove her, but I haven't taken advantage of my posi tion in her father's house to say a single word to her which he mightnot hear." " What a fool he is," thought Redfriars, whilst aloud he replied, "Of course not, honor would forbid. Has she other ad mirers ?" " She knows very few people, not having yet gone into society, but she's to be pro. sented at court next month." " Indeed," said the earl, briefly. "I mustgo now," remarked Virgil, as he rose. " I'm glad to have seen you gain," and he warmly clasped the hand held out to him. When Rodfriars was left alone he knit his brows, and the lids half closed over his red brown eyes. " Confound the fellow," he reflected, thinking of his visitor. " He's inlovo withthat girl and she may be silly enough to fall in love with him. He has the advantage of living in the same house with her-an advantage of which I must deprive him as;quietly and as quickly as possible. How can I manage it, I wonder ." .: He walked, up and down the room until his eyes fell upon the big official seals on the escritoire, when he suddenly paused, the current of his thoughts abruptly changing. "I must get to work," he muttered. "That desk may hold some clue to the mystery which puzzles me. I may be on the brink of a discovery. Who knows " "As he broke the seals and slowly opened the oscritoire, that vague undefined sense of approaching ill, that dread weight of de pression he had'exporienced the previous night returned to him, and broad daylight as it was. he could not dispel his terror ; whilst as he placed his hands upon the bundle of papers before him-it seemed as iif he had drawn the face-cloth from the dead. (TO JjE CONTItNUED.) 