fanner iioiisiug Show Cattle. Comfortable anfl roomy quarters are essential in preparing ca'tle for show. Stall feeding- is not tho ' est system for show animals. Clean woll-haired beasts da not usually come out of stalls. Perfection in coat is a difficult point toattain, but when it is accomplished it goes a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a rare possession, only a very few of tho cattle shown at even our national shows being perfect in their coats. Inordinary fattening for the butcher, stall-feeding is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not the only poiut aimed at— the after health and bloom of the animal lias to be considered. It takes a full year, sometimes more, ^o fit cattle for the show yard, and to confine the animals by tho head or neck for that period is not the way to accomplish the desired end. Freedom to move about, or lie down clean and comfortable, can only be afforded tliem in a dry, roomy loose box. The superficial area required from the calf to the aged bull will range from 50 to 200 feet, according to the amount of out-door exercise available, and in the house each beast requires from 650 feet to 800 cubic foot of breathing space. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may bo very closely confined superficially for the period of one year without injury to their health ; but there are more breeding animals ruined from want of room or exercise than from over-feeding. It is very hard to injuria horse by high feeding when the work is heavy, and the same law applies to cattle. Moderate exercise at the expense of a certain waste of food is good economy. Temperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermometer in the barn will indicate the temperature, and the nearer it averages the normal heat of tho animal the greater the cconomy of the food consumed. When the outside atmosphere varies from, say; freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weather the heat of the byre can bo raised by closed doors and ventila- tors, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the same air, the health of the animal is endangered. All under-currenta or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should the upper or roof ventilators be entirely closed. Impure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right construction, will both allow the exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days tho doors can bo opened, or partly so, as the thermometer will instruct; and after that the only means of cooling the air is by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to admit of its use in cattle-feeding. The best that can be done is to have the byres or sheds properly ventilated and equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration when necessary. An excess of light under cover is to be avoided in the ease of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for breeding purposes cannot very well have too much sun and light, but the rays of the sun are only valuable to the cattle-feeder when the temperature of the atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air becomes heated tho direct rays of the sun can bis dispensed with. There is, however, no artificial heat, such as we provide with shelter, clothing, and fire3, equal to the sunheat for health giving properties. We can produce a greater heat than we derive from the sub, but in the means we employ to attain it the air is certain to become more or less vitiated. When we get light and heat fro^ the sun it is pure and genuine, altogether different from anything wc can manufacture. This is the reason why the lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one raised in house with the aid of the sto* Shying Horses are Near-Sightea.— " Why it is that sliying in horses should be set down to an ugly disposition I don't know," said a prominent veterinary surgeon. "It must be because horsemen don't know wbat else to lay it to. The fact is tbat it is seldom met with unless the horse is nearsighted. I have tested scores of shying horses for near siglitedness, and in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now when I am asked to give points on buying horses I give this as one of the requisites : Never buy a horse that is near-sighted. Tberc are, however, two exceptions to this rule. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other is clear- sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful tbat he is not near-sighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. "The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple," the surgeon continued. " Of all animals the horse is the most gentle, and even timid. He sees a strange object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal COOIB down at once. It is supposed that it is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true but not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The animal has not been able to see it from a distance. He is near-sighted. Horses and Their Drivers—It has often occiirred to me that the utility and age of horses are seriously affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers. It is but too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill, or when .perhaps, in the middle of a bill, foradriverto makeasudden slash with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden bound in response to the unexpected call upon its powers, possibly powers tbat were at (he time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect wobld result in rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or sprain of some joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is continued day after day the year throughout? Under such circumstanccs. the wonder is that any horse cscapcs serious injury, and we may naturally infer tbat a large proportion of horses are thus rendered comparatively valueless, and their lives shortened. With ahorse drawing a load, whether in conveyance, cart, or saddle, any call for greater exertion should be made whatlmaycall gradually, that is, the animal should first be made aware of what is required from it by the voice prefKdins the whiD, and not the whip the voice. Buying Curios in China—Later experience taught us tbat thfc curij man asks about five times as much ns be is prepared to accept for bis wares. Making a choice and getting your man into a proper frame of mind to see as you do, as regards his profit, intelligently occupies about one-half of the cultured diplomat's time. Tfce curio chosen, the first thing to do is to take your man into the bouse, separating him from bis fellows tbat he may not have their moral courage to uphold him. For the lot you make your offer, he disdainfully refuses, and begins briskly packing up. When everything is nearly stowed away, he asks, as if there had never been any question of it before, " How much ?" You again offer, and with a long drawn " No," be once more unpacks tLat he may tempt you. Seeing you remain firm and take no more notice of him, with a tragic air he deposits the things at your feet and gives you to understand he has made you a present of them ; that you are a hardened sinner ; it has cost him his life's blood, but he had no choice. With an I O U for the amount and a deep bow he has gone, and you find yourself a collector im embryo with the co»* diieu$4fmly clutching you, 