A llEl'OltTEEH ADVEN TURES. HOW A DESERVING VOUNG MAJv WON HIS SWEETHEART. TWHREE o'clock In the morning iem. | VI/ uncanny hour the world over except nl 1 polios headquarters or in the office of a | morning newspaper, and it was In this latter place, cfc the hour named, that four or fire reporters, having sent in all their oopy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because he hod two columns of space and ten columns of matter that "mart go in," sat with their feot on the tables and their cliairbooks knocking the plastering off, talking over the subject which is just as new to-day as 't was when Adqm doited his' boater nod said "How d'y'doV to Eye. Evory fellow in the crowd was a bachelor, and each one was informing the other in ell seriousness that be should marry. '1 "What for?" inquired Claude Brown of Frank Jones. rt" "Because," replied Frank, " it's the only, proper way to live." " A nioe husband a reporter would wsM»* said Olaade in rebuttal, " coming in at 3 .o'clock a.m.' end leaving home as soon Se hei got his 12 o'clock breakfast." " Biit his wife would always know where, ho was, and if she didn't, she d know when/, ever he wasafleran item and had to be back ; at the office on time," remarked ChsHle Smith. 1 " Well," put inCiauda, "4f you think it's such n great snap, why don't you, get married ? ' "Can t, sain Charlie, very positively. " Why not?" " Thundcration, man, how's a fellow to boy n whole steamboat when ho hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off * stsgt plank ! How's a man to buy n house ana lot when be can't buy a shovel full of dlrtl* "Hint's it," interrupted Claude t "bow's a tnati to do anything if he doesn't do Iff What's the matter with marrying • rich girl 7" 'j " Where's the girl ?" queried Charlie. : "Plenty of them. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and they wilt trim a husband when they won't trust nn older in the church. Bosidee, what's the good of her money if the girl has her heart set on ahm* band and can't get him ?" ' ■ Smith argued awhile against matrimony, and at half-past three started for home. He was thinking the conversation over and he trudged along it.occntred to him that bachelor was not'only a knot on a log, but be was a very lonesome knot. His way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city, and as he passed a fine house, his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar cliok of a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked all awry by the reportonal instinct, and he saw, instead of a blushing, bloomy ing Mrs. Smith, a burglar cracking a millionaire's dining-room and making off with his silver. He thought of the besuti? ful scoop be was going to have on the other fellows and slipping into the shadow,, he waited and listened. Click went the lode again, as if the burglar was nervotW aod was more anxious to open the door tbtlt he was topreservethe ordinary hurgtariudt quiet. The reporter scrutinised the doer closely and discovered that the robber tree not on tlie outeide.butwas evidently withitf^ and was working his way out, and be fdtt thud of excitement at the thought of heibg able to capture his man with the boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver outfit, his pocket, trained it on the door, olid ah instant afterward the door swung openand Charlie was ready to cry *'tbrow up your hands," when instead of ,a burglar, a ghost came out. "1 ' • " It can't be a ghost," be whii assuring tone to himself, 1" for gh unlock doors. They just come right 1 them. Bat if it isn't a ghost, what the <3 is it?" ' isl He hadn't long to wait, for wboever 'or. whatever it was came out into the vestibule? and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and when about half way to the pavement stopped. " By gany," mid the reporter, " it's i woman, and ehe's got on a nightgown. Til have to eee about this," and with his revolver reedy in case of accident, he step] of toe shadow and spoke to the walker. " r ll "Good evening," he said, nervously. "No, excuse me, I mean good morning. If you'ro going to market, maybe you'd better <ro back andpnt on an ulster." ~ Ordinarily Charlie would have been moth .gallant, bnt this was. anything but 'tof ordinary affair, and he did'nt require m«t| |»per instinct to toll him so. ;~£j The sheeted figure made no re{)3y, but moved again ond camo toward liim. Tbe cold chills chased each other down hisbaak and he looked for a policeman, «itb4£ usual result . • ".Stand back," he said, " this pistol ain't loaded, but it might gooff." --"fl But on it came, and Charlie found tbathi* legs wouldn't move, in spite of all he could do to make them. ' Ono step more and lie stood face to fade with his etrange discovery, and Ghmiieflktrj that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, -and bo began to tost better. - , ' " I beg your 'pardon,*' be-aaid, "butt night air is cool, and you appear to:L dressed rather lightly. Can 1 tender you any aaeiatance. Ia there anyone in toe: any aaeiatance. is ttiere anyone house toat has frightened you f'. : * SUU no auawetyaod. Charlie, embt^ anhu'a^iaiid^iiH^toili slmfliv i *'Vngtit to take her in the houeeaoji bow, that's plain," ha said to himself, US: ba gently led the willing walker back tipto the door and rang the ball, and rang it with a forty-borae power draft. Tho next minute the beautiful sleep walker wee no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie had a very plump youbg woman in hie arms in a .dead faint, and. tie made a dash with his burden into the fwli^ 'only to meet a healthy young man in even; leas dishabille. "%■ "What's this J" he shouted, nuking a grab at Charlie's throat. "Shut I ho door, you idiot," gurgled Charlie, dropping the girl on the floor aim, almost putting nis foot on her, after the, manner of sic sempor tyrannls. .-,* 1 " What does this mean?" again shouted the young man, end the remainder of the family came tumbling downstairs, none of them fixed to see company. .* " Let go of mo and shut that door, and. I'll toll yon," wheezed Charlie, '"yon; don't want to raise the neighbourhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you't" Somo of the other members of the family by this timo had rescued the reporter end; shut the door, and while the mother and ibo, servants carried the unconscious, girt, upstairs, Charlie told the father undepn bow he hod met the ybung lady and What the trouble was. Both men knew him by ! sight, and had met him on 'Cbanjp add olsewbere, and it was not difficult to explain the situation. / Half an hour , later the reporter was Jib home, In bedand dreaming sweet dreams Of; pretty girls and all sorts of ■ romantic tilings. „ When he -reaohod the office next day a; note was waiting for liim.anrt be was invited: to call that evening on the mother of th"; young:lady. .■ 1' ' • He rolled, of course. He saw tho mother i ho as withe daughter, blushing and beauti ful, and now if Charlie is a bachelor mudb; longer (here will bo a broaoh of proodio.sult orsomootlier dreadful calamity, for Charlie s mind is made up. Lady (to shopman) i " IVhy «lo you call - i the 'Nature purse'!" Hhopman j tills , . 4 Because1! u)fid^uir i^bli9ii* vaouum* 