' How Shall -we Decide this Question?' . Now, which it the worse— $0 have, no appetite for your dinner, or to iiave no dinner for your appetite ? There aro lots of people oa the one Bido ?or the other of this question. When 'good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is the ideal attitude ; of a person towards his meals. But most , of us. are not blessed in thai way; we either have too ' much food without an . appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to 6Rtiefy it Different folk Will answer tnis question muerently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reason able limits, it is belter to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short' of the starvation line, a hungry mau is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of 'alterations and repair?.' To illustrate. We recently 'received a .communication in which the writer says, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did ho fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on 1 If the latter, why % Lot him clear the mystery himself: ? He says, ' In the year 1889 T. chsngod tny work from railway porter to signal man. , I had buon signalman twelve months, and. then all m onco, so (o speak, I did not'teel myself. My mouth tasted .Imd, bo that ordinary articles of. diet seemed to lose 'th'«ir' flavour ; the palato, to put it zii tiial way, appeared to have nothing to eay to them; Ouo thiuir whs like another, few] none was good. My tonpie wosroatnd and furred,, with a. dsrk line down the middle and yellow fur round it.. My t/reath was offensive and my u \ petite poor, ivitli pains tluc ugh tiie chostimd .ihoulilers, wiiich \\-t3.pp 11I ways right b«f«re 1 had eaten anything. v Then I was greatly troubled with wimi. r'K\\. would gather vo it felt like 9\. hall in mylhroat, and act as if it would choke me. '?'?? ,-.,.- we c»nuqt_ wonaor.Tnac unaor tuese circuuiNtmiueg . oar friend, f.iilefl to do justice Jo his meals. Hie adds that there was what he calls '« f ricking sonRation' at his heart, as though it wero touched with tome sharp instrument. Thca. esr.-iin at limes he was attacked with t-p-^mi), the agony of which was so' fevoro that the sweat lolled off him. ' I dreaded,' he eaye, ': the thought. -jf »ating; ' end mnny a ?scanty' meal have I made, for I was of raid to eat' . ?' , 'After o time I got into a low, weak, jiervous condition, and felt miseraliK1, as if eoinelhiug was going tu uuppen, and this caused mo to lose a good deal of eltiep.-' '..'??. What he means by the fear of ' some thing going to happen ' is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of Mb position, his own death, or the death of Homebody dear to.him.- This was-due, as he intimates, to the impoverished statt) of his Wood (the lire bearer), hit unstrung nerves, and to tue brain enteebled' by lack ?of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. 'With great difficulty,' ho says, 'I stuck to my werk, for I had a wife an.1 family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over tvi'j years is past my powers of description. lam sure no one has suffered so much as I hive done.' In the lattoretatemept he is undoubtedly ?wrong. One's own pain is one's own; and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience,- only -wo don't happen to come in touch with them. Well,- the ,writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him bechanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his ovm having teen ..-cured ,by Mother fieigel's Syrup. *'? My. wife,' heeays; -' got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaff e, in Woodlfcsford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has ,nover returned since . that fortunate day;-..! should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Com pany for eleven years. / .(Signed) 'Qboege HtrjfT, '.. / . 'Car Bottom Boad, 1 . ' Apperlsy Bridge, near Loeds.' V Wfi publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, f in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 