American Football. (SATUBDAY BEVIEW.) It is now some time since the American first took to himself the distinction of own ing individual and national institutions other than those of his methods of commerce and his manner of dining. He claims a school of art, owns, as we know, a distinct style in literature, and in architecture has developed results quite as distinctive as Ionic or Gothic, and infinitely more surpris ing. In the light of these events it is a pity that he does not acknowledge his theory of the game of football as his own. But it is still extensively referred to in the United States as an English, game, and is by many people regarded as the crowning feature of a depraved Anglomania. Those of the inner circle, indeed, admit a similar ity only between their rules and those known as the Rugby Union; upon which they consider they have improved. It is admitted on all sides that, played under the most favourable circumstances, and by men who would consider a loss of temper almost equivalent to a loss of: honour, football under Rugby Union rules isr-ar-reaeojiafely ■ -dangerous game. Played as it is in America, it seems admirably adapted for paying off old grudges, and proving conclusively that good-humoured pluck and skill are no match for savage brutality and irrelevant violence. To an aspirant for honours in the American foot ball field we would say, "My son, learn boxing. Learn football also, if possible, but first learn the heart of self-defence/' Moreover, the pernicious practices are not exercised secretly (except with regard to the umpire), but are tacitly recognised as a part and pareel of the game. True, if a man is caught fighting he may be ruled out of the match. It is made a logical out come of this law that six or eight reserve men are always ready equipped to take the places of any detected bruisers. The thinking man can and does easily improve the occasion. If he feels exhausted as the short winter afternoon is drawing in, he can watch until he catches the umpire's eye, " slug" a diminutive opponent, and have his place occupied by one seven times more wicked than himself. Or, being but a player of mediocre ability, he can yet pro voke to a merry bout of fisticuffs one whose ability in the game is greater, and may thus bring about the retirement of both, sacrificing his own Pawn self for the oppon ent Knight. The American asserts that his game is the more scientific, which, from a certain point of view, is self-evident. At a match that raged last November between the Boston and Chicago teams, the lovers of this noble sport must have thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The head lines of the daily paper inform us that" all society" was present, and that "fashion ables viewed the eontest" Almost at the beginning of the game " came the sounds of hardened fists beating against fiesb, and the shrieks of wild wrath." A little later we find that "fists are flying, and blood comes from nose and cheek." By way of justification the reporter hastens to inform us in the next line that" pretty girls clap their hand exultantly." The players then appear to have lapsed into what must have been very like a game of football, but not for long, for they "got to blows again." At last the referee, who up to this time ap pears to have been contentedly " resplend ent in yellow kid gloves," interfered, and implacably ordered one of the heroes off the field, disregarding his ingenious argument, " the ball was not in play, so you cannot object." This decision appears to have had some effect on the bloodthirsty, and compa rative peace was not only restored, but tor i a space maintained. Interest in the game i was here quickened by one player develop ing the curious faculty of " running like a ghost," a feat both novel and surprising, be ing, we believe, entirely without precedent. Hood has, indeed, left it on record that the wraith of one Bill Blossom "refused to walk," but that was because he was used to riding—he never even hinted at running. Small wonder that a player gifted with so weird a talent for locomotion " dashes by all opponents." It must not be supposed, however, that the main feature of the game was to re main long in abeyance. Indeed, the re porter mentions with approval that " there had been a fair share of slugging up to this time." The players themselves seem to have felt that they had scarcely risen to the occasion; so, time heing short, like the men-at-arms of brave Lord WUloughby, " beating up their colours, the fight they did renew." One of tbe Chicago team " to vary the monotony went over" (off side, we presume), "and dropped" a Bostonian " with a swing in the jaw in truly Corbett style." Whereupon the damaged player arose " and began thumping every Chi cagoan in sight by way of retaliation," until, "just to steady him," someone " thumped him on the right cheek." And yet, with all this open to her, the American woman persists in feeling injured because there is a law forbidding her attendance at prize-fights. Some people are never con tent. This list of casualties has not been pub lished. But on one day (October 24) of the year 1891, we find, on reference to a news paper of that date, a series of reports of football games from various parts of the country. At one game we read of eight players being knocked senseless, one having his ear cut off; at another three men seri ously injured; and during the progress of a third one player had his shoulder dislo cated and another a finger broken. Six of tbe football team of a prominent American College were, at the end of the '91 season, inmates of a hospital. [The passages quoted are taken verbatim from the Chicago Daily Tribune, Nov. 25, 1892.] Mr. Labouchere, M.P. in Truth, thus lays down his views of a sound foreign policy:—" I have never sought to conceal my opinion on what ought to be our fo reign policy. They are those of Bright and Cobden. With the British Empire as it is, I would rest satisfied. Russia might take Asia Minor, Prance might take Mo rocco, Austria might take Servia, Prance might retake Alsace and Lorraine, or Ger many might retain them. All this I should view with equanimity of the man spoken of the Latin poet who looks on the surging sea from the vantage post of the land. The money of the British taxpayer would be spent solely for the benefit of the taxpayer. I should attack no Power—meddle with no Power. I am not perhaps so full in accord with Bright and Cobden in regard to our armaments. I should not waste money in having a corps d'arme prepared to land on a foreign shore ; but I should have a navy able to defend us, and an army sufficient to garrison the fortresses and coaling stations that we have in all parts of the world. As the Mediterranean is our high road to In dia, I should retain Malta and Gibraltar, j and Aden on the Red Sea. No Power 1 would attack us, for it is a remarkable fact that no Power in modern times ever has at tacked us before we attacked it. We are paying interest on a huge debt that was contracted because we rushed into wars which did in no way concern us. The London correspondent of the Dun edin Stab writes as follows:—" A brand new hotel swindle, which has the merit of ingenuity combined with the advantage of extreme simplicity, has just been reported from the States. Two men with trunks, apparently entire strangers to one another, arrived at a Western Hotel and took adja cent rooms on the same floor. The morn ing after their arrival one of them sought the manager, and with hated breath in formed that dignitary that his trunk had been stolen. A strict search all over the premises gave no clue to either the where abouts of the missing box or to the thief, so the proprietor was obliged to compen sate the man who was robbed to the al leged value of the trunk and its contents Next day the strangers both left the hotel, but at different Sours. No suspicion of a swindle occurred to the manager until one fine day he was acquainted with a similar occurrence at an hostelry in an adjacent township. A comparison of notes proved that the robberies were identical in every particular. The swindlers' very simple modus operandi consisted in having trunks which fitted into one another, and, at a favourable opportunity, conveying the smaller into the room occupied by the owner »f the large box, and fitting it into it. By the time this solution became ap parent tbe precious pair were hundreds of miles awaj-; but, though, their game could not be played any longer in the State except at great risk, they :will fiiost likely try it in j some other , part of the world. Hotel- ! keepers should, therefore, beware of Ameri can gents who get theii trunks stolen whilst staying with them. With a view to minimising the Indian hawker nuisance in Victoria, it is proposed to empower the several shire councils to issue licenses, and thus give them power to control the number of hawkers trading with their boundaries. 