The Great Grey Plain. Out West, where the stats are brightest — Where the scorching north wind blows, And the bones of the dead gleam whitest, And the sun on a desert plows, Yet within the selfish kingdom WTiereTnarnjtar v es nnan -tot^gam — Where white men tramp for existence — Wide li^s the Great Grey Plain. No break in Its^wful horizon, No blur in the dazzling haze, Save where the bord'ring ' timber' ? The fierce, white heat- waves blaze, And out where the tank-heap rises ? Or looms when the sunlights wane, ? Till it seems like a distant mountain Low down on the Great Grey Plain. No sign of a stream or fountain, No spring on its dry, hofc breast. No shade from the blazing noontide Where a weary man might rest. Whole years go by when the glowing ? Sky never clouds for rain — Only the shrubs of the desert Grow on the Great Grey Plain. From the camp (while the Fat Man's dreaming) \- -Gemes-the - ? In the ghastly daylight seeming Like a swagman's ghost out late ; And the horseman blurs in the distance While still the stars remain, A low, faint dust cloud haunting His track un the Great Grey Plain. ? And all day long from before them The mirage smokes away — That dayligkt ghost of an ocean Creeps close behind all day With an evil, snake-like motion, As the waves of a madman's brain : Tis a phantom not like water Out there on the Great Grey Plain. There's a run on the Westerfr4imit Where a man lives like a beast, And a shanty in che mulga That stretches to the East ; And the hopeless men who carry J.UU11 oixtga auu vi-Pbiii^j it* I'ci'su- — The ' tootmen ' must not tarry Out there on the Great Grey Plain. Out West where the stars are brigbTtest Where the scorching north wind blows, And the bones of the. dead feeni whitest, And the sun on a desert glows — ' Out back ' in the hungry distance That brave hearts dare in vain — Where beggars tramp for existence — There lies the Great G_rey_Plain. ? 'Tis a desert not more barren Than the Great Grey Plain of years, Where a fierce fire burns the hearts of men — Dries up the fount of tears : Where the^^ictimsjtf a greed insane Are crushed in » hell-born strife — Where the souls of a race are murdered On the Great Grey Plain of Life ! Henry Lawson. 