CONSECRATION OF CHRIST CHURCH, CLAREMONT. The consecration service of the newly erected Anglican Church at Claremont, took place yesterday afternoon. The little edifice, which was built to accommodate 120 people, was crowded by members of the congregation and visitors from Perth, including His Excellency Sir William F. C. Robinson, G.C.M.G., and Sir James Lee Steere. The church is built of freestone with cement dressings. It is 40 feet long and 25 feet wide, with a maximum height of 34 feet, of which the walls measure 18 feet. It is well ventilated, and provided with suitable fittings, reflecting credit on the architect, Mr. J. Talbot Hobbs, and the contractors, Messrs. Boundy & Locke. The ceremony was performed by Bishop Parry, who was assisted by Dean Goldsmith, Archdeacon Watkins, from Fremantle, the Rev. Mr. Harston and Mr. F. G. Williams, the registrar of the diocese. The hymns were rendered by the choristers of Perth Cathedral. The formal petition having been presented to the Bishop, and the preliminary portion of the service having been duly rendered, His Lord- ship solemnly declared the church to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The Bishop then preached the consecration sermon, taking his text from rev. Psalm, 6th and 7th verses.-" Oh, Come let us worship and fall down, and kneel before the Lord, our Maker. For he is the Lord our God, and we are the people of his pasture and the sheep of his hand." The text was very familiar to them, as it occurred in the morning service, and reminded them of the great and glorious kindness, and the manifold goodness of God. It pointed out that it was a duty and necessity of life to come into the presence of God, to worship and return thanks. Reverence and worship were simply His due. It was, therefore, right that they should come into His presence and meet together publicly to acknowledge their dependence upon Him, and offer their thanks for His great blessings. It was not only their duty to do this, but it was also a necessity, for in what rela- tion did they stand towards Him ? Try to live without Him, and they could do nothing. He should occupy the first place in their lives. That they share- a attend warship in the House of the L -ed was frequently commanded in the Scriptures, not only directly but also by implication. But there was also another reason. In coming into His house they escaped from the world and its cares, and so acquired a more reverent frame of mind. This would be sufficient reason for having churches throughout the land. But there was a further reason. The church service consisted of prayer, praise, and the hearing of God's Word, which were the chief elements of the work of God. He trusted the church which had just been consecrated to the work of God, would afford the people increased opportunities for attending public worship, and that they would profit by those opportunities. 