|®|" THE 'NEW LEAENING.' any - OP"? waders doubt the originality fc#-on?/mQe2s9 4«ema' hslowfwecan. mdyrefevthem toMias -A. a Graham, of! EnSIand, who t has, the London prize; rfebm - the; « yerf y WPP046114 'for, the best ool- ',flhd?l-bdy: howlers/ fromw£h g|Oolleotioa these selections -are. taken t ® 3? wrote fables and |g»Mldthopyright to a. publisher for a; 01 -Potash;— Titus was :a Bomau Ea- i written: the istle" Hebrews— his other namewas Gates.— weLl. was »-'»«» who was put g|at9 prison for bis jaterfezeaoe In Ireland ! V?hen he was in prison he wrote ' The Pil- grmi's Progress' and married a lady called s. 0 Shea.— Wesley was the founder of the Wealeyan Chapel,, who was afterward called Lojtd Wellington ; a monument was ereoted to him in Hyde Park, but it bas been tekea down lately.— What is Divine Eight ? he liberty to do what yon like in ohuroh.— Perkin Warbeok raised a rebellion in the - reign of Henry YHI. He said he was the son of a prince, bnt he was really the son of respeotable people.— Phoenioians— The inventors of Phoenician blinds.— Baeohanel — A native of Beohnana in South Africa.— Chimssra— A thing used to take likeneBseB with.— Watershed— A place in which boats are stored in winter. — Cynical — A cynical lump of sugar is one pointed at the top.— Keats wrote a savage criticism on Endym- ion, whioh brought on consumption.— Hamlet was very weak-minded. . Bond of stndy. Bat was too weak to fulfill his duty whioh the Ghost had told him. He was very good to bis mother. He profains mad ness, .he really only put it on bnt some people say he was mad. One day when he was fighting the king asked turn if he would have something to. drink and he had put poisin in it & Hamlet said he would wait the Queen took it & then she falls down dead Hamlet immediately stabs his father. '& drinks the poiain and dies.— What do you: understand by the Angustah age in EbgliBh literature ? We ineau the time of Caedon, who flourished and .wrote 4 Oomus about the time that St. - Augustine converted the people of Kent.— Briefly describe the heart and its function or work. — The heart is a oomioal shaped bag. The heart : is devided into several parte by a fleshy petition. These parte are called right artillery,' left artillery,-; and so forth. The ionotion of the heart is between the lungs. "The work of the heart is to repair the different organs in about half a minute;— What; are the meta- morphio rooks ? . Books : that contain metar phors. — What is the matter P' queried a teacher. Ton seem to be rather uncomfort able there.' ' I've got the interieotion, sir,' was the unexpected reply.— Explain the word fort and fortress. A fort is a plaoe to put men in, and a fortress Is a place- to pnt women in.— What is a Bopublioan ? A Eo- puhlioan is a sihniBr mentioned in the Bible. —The two obief " volcanoes in - Europe ? Sodom and Gomorrah.- - 