MAORILAND HO! N a tore's Enchanting- Wonder Isle. Weird and Entrancing CHAPTER VII.—CONTINUED. Romance, B1 ATE A WESTBURY, " My songs are anything but senti- • mental," says he, apologetically, and at the same time thrumming a lively air. " Oh, I should like to go Where the golden apples grow ; Where, below another sky Parjot islands anchored lie. Where in suushiue reaching out, Eastern cities miles about, Are, with mosque and miuaret, imong glorious gardens set. i : Oh, I should like to ride Throu' the Simoon fiery tide ; Where the apes and cocoa-nuts, And the negro hunter's huts ; Where the knotty crocodile Lies and blinks in the Nile ; Where in jungles near andfar, Man-devouring tigers are." Applause and laughter, together with : ;many regrets that the gallant singer can- : -^riot have°his wish (as set forth in his Boug) gratified. When the noise has subsided the soldier asks Miss Weldon to sing. • Grace looks shyly towards the spot where Fenton Howe and his friend are seated, and moves quietly to the piano. A> • *> I'm afraid I shall bore you with my aentiment, Mr West." •• Not at all," he says, laughing. Grace selects her song, aud singe it well in iter rich mezzo-soprano. " When the flowers are all dying, And the south wind sweet and low, Round their graves a dirge is sighing, Will it not be sweet to know That,, while autumn clouds are looming, And the summer charms depart, There are brighter flowers blooming In the garden of the heart." " When the breath of evening lingers.' , V And the sun's rays aoftly steal Through the vine with rosy fingers, Will it not be joy to feel Thar, while we iti wakeful dreaming ,2C - Mark the golden moments roll, There's a brighter morning beaming Through the twilight of the soul." 'Not a breath of noisy applause followed. the gill's song. The charm was too strong upon her listeners for that. Amid the sileuce Madam Elsie caine forward t«r-the rescue ot her -neice. With a fioft touch upon the instrument, she sang ' reverie by one of New Zealand's famous song writers,— ' " Star by star h.is slowly faded over- \- haad, f x The flashing light-marked bars of 5 | gold and red »'-.-A. moment linger. Tlie fair young day — ,, .Wakes o'er the tinted ranges. Far away • <'Echoes the laughter of the jay. A weird, but lovely hour. The glowing morn , Grows switter than my thought. The ' dawn >,'.' For dreams and castle- building in the .<• air. With fair and roseate shadows every- •' where— ; . A sceueto shut out care. The churchyard yonder, with its silei:t dead— i Dust unto dust—holds all I wor- ("'i shipped. "Methinks I hear a small voice cry— " We shall have fairer meeting, you aud I, I11 Christ's glad immortality." The sombre trees which round me drowse aud moan Repeat in whispers, Thou art not alone." • Thy kindred spirit says, " There is no death, Save to the doubter. Love aud faith Stand here and answereth." " We are going to drift into the melancholy stage, I do believe," whispers Howe to Vane, and the next moment he is at the piano, thrumming out a very lively prelude to a song he calls "Brown Eyes. " •. ." Just the old, old story \- . Of light and shade ; t * ? Love like the violet tender, Like it may be to vary, May be to fade. Just the old tender story, Just a glimpse of morning glory In an earthly paradise, With shadowy reflections In a pair of sweet brown eyes. Brown eyes a man might well Be proud to win ! Open to hold his image, Shut under silken lashes, Only to shut him in. Ob, glad eyes look together, For life's dark stormy weather Grows to a fairer thing, When young eyes lSok upon it . , j. Through a tiny wedding ring. ; They stood above the world In a world apart, And she drooped her happy eyes • And stilled the throbbing pulses '1' -r. Of her happy -heart. \- * And the 'moonlight fell above her, . Her secret to discover; And the moonbeams kissed her hair, As though no human lover Had laid kisses there. " Look up, brown eyes," he said, " And answer mine ; Lift up those silken fringes That hide a happy light Almost divine " Tha jealous moonlight drifted To the finger half uplifted, Where shone the opal ring— Where the colorsdanced and shifted On the pretty changeful thing." " Bravo, young fellow," cries the major, applauding with both hands, and thereby wngeing his beard with the fire from the cigar he is smoking, " I had no •" idea you were musical." -/ Fenton laughs. "I fancy we are not wise judges of each other," he says, "Now, I have an idea that our worthy mid.rcspected host could beat my humble effort if he would kindly try." : Applause, and loud calls for the major. God bless my soul!" ejaculates the ' master of Pinsfalls, growing suddenly apoplectical. " What d'ye mean, sir ? Why, it is over twenty years Bince I last jrivdny hand at a and that was the night before Jiikeimmann. when a few of * ours ' were dining with General Cat 11- c-.rfc. Colonel Tom Sutton gave me his roiihdenlial opinion 011 inv vocal elrort.— iie said that my voice reminded him of a saw grating on a nail." There is one song you ased to 3in<r, pa," says Grace. " You know I have accompanied you many a tiiue, when you and 1 have been shut up together iu that great, wintry house at Hawthorn." "Eh! yes, certainly," reflects the major. " But, my dear, the dittv is only fit for children, or-- or an officer's messroom." The guests will not take a refusal, and the host is led captive to the piano, where Grace takes her seat, and begins a lively but pretty prelude. " Gentlemen, the song lias what my friend, Tom Sutton would term, a rat' ling chorus," again sny3 the major, clearing his throat tor action. "Capital ! so much the better," cry the others. " Trust the lad, though now rebelling ; Do notfoar. Turn him not from this our dwelling, Father dear ! Bfar with him a little longer In his sin. Love will make his poor heart stronger-- Take him in. Chorus— Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear. He may better grow, and stronger, Father dear. Scarcely twenty years have brightened And grown sere, Since a babe our hearts he lightened, Father dear. now we loved our little brother; Ah ! thought we, Not in all tlie world another Such as he. "Chorus, boys." And it is a ringing, harmonious refrain, and so simple that the poorest musician may join in its full compass. On one stifling hot December, Oh. how drear! Mother left us all, remember, Father dear. Arid before she entered, smiling Into joy. "Love, 'she saiid,.with voice beguiling** ' 4 Love my boy." v. Chorus— • - Trust.tlie lad a little longer,. Do not fear ; He may belter grow, and stronger, Father dear. CHAPTER VIII. L PEEP INTO TEMPLE ASHFORDS DIARY. I find I-only began to ; live at'twetitT. , Ti-mple Ashford, only son of Sir George Ashford, Major Ge'i^ral, K.C.B., of Gleucourt, awaken up to the fact that hitherto, viz., from my infancy to the age of one score years I liad existed only, no more. In this, my chronicle, with its faded ink and its yellow pages, will be found the events which roused me into life. Ah, ine! what shadows haunt us till we have found the power and the way to imprison them. Xeep a diary, and lo ! every thought, every haunting memory of the past, rising as sheeted ghosts to terrify and drive us to despair, are chained, bound fast. We take them from our hearts, and lay them to sleep within a frail sheet of paper, else will they worry us to our doom. When did I begin to live ? One sunny day, after I had returned to Glencourt from Eugland, where for five years Oxford had claimed me as its pupil, Horace, Platus, Molicre, Le Sage, Voltaire, Cervantes, Shakespeare, Fielding, and Swiit gave me no more knowledge of the world than book lore "gives to the impulsive student who finds life bub to live, and enjoyment the chief ai:n of life. There are men who say they know tlie world, because they know its vices. Admit this claim, and what sage would rival a smart policeman ? I had the lore of the sages, but I was utterly ignorant of that great book, mankind. Light- hearted, happy, and without a care, 1 took men aud women for what they seemed. Goethe, with all his strange, weird-like power, presented only the beautiful to my inward vision. Milton, with his ponderous and mighty genius, sang to nie only of light and strength. His great creation, the Prince of Darkness himself, was not, to my mind, the miserable cartoon of the vulgar, but rather majesty humbled by pride—good perverted. A man will never become a scholar of tlie world without the one thing needful —observation. You may enrich your miud and store your brain with all the craft of Alma Mater, yet your learning is as so much fuel, wanting the appliance of the match to tire it into life aud activity. It mostly happens that experience is the forerunner of observation. Deceit "bring in its train suspicion ; suspicion, observation. This is my proces verbal a maxim-is ad minima." After weary years of watching and waiting I began to write these things down. Not that I have any connecting link from day to day, or month to month^ of circumstance or event as it took place, but because the only way that presented itself tj me of allaying memories that were almost unbearable was to jot them here in black and white. Sunny the morn, aud beautiful the landscape, decked in its morning robe of green and grey and russet brown as I took my way across the bracing uplands of Westland. Beneath me pranced and eapered Hannibal, my father's favorite hunter, who, pulling strong in his fiery pride, carried me along like a bird on tiie wing. Casting my eyes away over the plain I Baw a lady on horseback, dashing away at a headbng gallop towards the rocks and chasms, and the deep ravines wbich border Late Whipera. It needed no second glance to convince me that the steed—a powerful thoroughbred—had,t.he mastery, and was carrying 11s fair burden to swift ani certain destruction. I saw the reins were broken, but the rider sat the flying horse coolly and gracefully, her only grip being a picce of the ungovernable brute's mane, held firmly in her gloved hai.d. In an instant the situation was revealed to me. The next saw i»e pressing Hannibal to his swiftest pace '.o intercept the runaway. There wad abvut ail equal distance between the nearest point of the lake aud where tlie rac<j began—the thoroughbred heading with a straight rush for the water— I, "taking a cross course to cut him off from tlie dangerous point. It seemed to me that death, certain and bloody, awaited the lady if I did not gain the risii g ground first. With knee and voice I urged the gallant hunter, who, seeming to comprehend what was at stake, bounded alontr like a stag, flinging the white foam from his nostrils, and snorting iu reply. I cannot tell how I joined issue with the frightened steed. Barely,fifty paces from the summit of the steep jagged cliff I seized the loose hanging rein, and twisting it round my hand, suddenly wheeled the runaway round the way he came. Tlie wrench and strain upon my wiint pains me yet, and will nain me'while I live. Th« maddened i<nito t>".l'v<l me cut of tlie saddle. but I hold mi in liim and brought laii! up, Ins chef., and flanks quivering and covered with sweat aud blood. In a moment the fair rider leapt to the ground. Looking at lim-1 saw a face of rare and exceeding loveliness, which smiled upon me, w!;ilo her :-<>lt white hands touched mine that were aching and throbbing with pa ; n. A brunette of tlie Moorish type, with a dash of the wild Bohemian, the fiiee brilliant, the red lips a trifle too full ami too sensual, but alto gether a matchles-, superb girl, just budding into womanhood. " Sir, how brave you have b-en ; you have saved my life, and at t!;e ris your own. What can I stsy io yuu How can I thank you ?" Tiie voice was low, and sw-'et, and rich,—a most excellent tiling in woman. " I am already thankc-i," 1 said, "is there any way in which 1 can have the honour to assist you ?' She laughed, and with an K i/stern grat'e replied, "mend mr bridle, which naughty Tricksy has broken, and kindly sue me Lo Hawksnest." " Hawksnest ! Is that your home ?" " Yes. You can see its gables yonder by the lake. This morning 1 went forth fur a gallop with my favorite here, but the brute turned restive and bolted." The runaway appeared quiet enough now. I saw by its points that'it was a grandly bred mure, a ehestuut in color. " What a noble beast !''. I said in ad miration. " Yes," she replied, patting the naughty one's shining neck, '"-my brother gave three hundred guineas for Tricksy. From him I received her as a present." * * # * Hawksnest was a roomy villa in a wild part of the country, surrounded by a forest of kauri pines, and b'y about forty miles dibtant from (ilencourt. Of its occupants I had never heard a word from my father, or my sister Hilda. It /seemed all the more strange to me when iny fair companion, who had not mentioned her name, led ine to the house, and then introduced me to her father, liataefejfrBarjew. For a Pole he could spe^lfif Btagl isli remarkably well. ' He his beloved - Poland;- iSPfad taken part with the people in some disturbances, and had to flv from l^s enemies. Barjew was tall ani'~thiTi , , :: 'witir-ii-dark, restl ess eye that never looked/strai^ht at you. ' i 1 stayed and dined; ahd wis introduced to Riah BarjewV "brother—Paul. •, He was only a youth, scarcely out of his •jteeasj but as I afterwards dTsc'ivered he had a profound knowledge of the vybrjd, which at times baffled calculation.O^^e .are men who do iiot.'-xequire expiSjjetice in this art ; they take to it intuitively. Their first step in life exhibits the same profound mastery over the minds of others, as at tlie close of a noble or ignoble career. From the first I did not like Paul Barjew. Something there was in him that repelled, and yet attached me to him. Perchance the secret of this lay in the subtle charm and fascination "which his beautiful sister soon began to exercise over my every feeling, thought, aud word. Looking back at these tilings through the vista of years, I am amazed at the. madness of my infatuation, for I kno w now it was not love. I became a constant' visitor at Hawksnest. Riah Barjew met 1110 . ever with a blush and a smile of welcune. Ah! her's was a moutii that surely stniled destruction ; her's was a fac ; that was as a story whose ,'cave3 are yet uncut. Out on the still lake, with the ,1110011 overhead, and hosts of stars mirrored 011 its clear bosom. No Princess : of the Tuileries, or of the QuartierB——had more grace, or a more fatal gleam in those black lustrous eyes, with their dangerous drop of thick, curling lashes. Warm, tranquil night, and alone with Biah Barjew. " Ah, Monsieur," she pleads, softly, "how brave you were that morning to dare to stop a mad runaway horse, in full flight; it was marvellous. You saved my life. How shall I ever show half my ratitude ?" " Give me leave to love you,.Riah." " Hush ! These are graceful words, but you do not mean them, sir.'' Call me Temple, lady. All! ifl have but won the rich recompense which lies in the smallest title to your gratitude I am the happiest of men." She looked up at me with the light of the moon on her calm, dispassionate face ; 4 4 men yearn for nothing but power," she answered, " Love with you meaus idle compliments and flattery. With us vo'uth and beauty are Crown and Sceptre, and we reign over the realm of love. You are old, and require nurses or crutches ere power becomes yours. We—we live only in our youths and in our beauty, and we enjoy love in it. If I liv ; long enough my hair will be white, and. my skin yellow. Bali! let us not waste time, in talking of that love which men profess." Oil, the calm droams in silent sjlens and 011 wooded heights, with the echo oi that silvery voice charminj; and luring me. Oh,the soft music beneath the giant kauri pines! Every lovely woman has a caprice, but Riah Barjew'a every mood was will;- out the rule that guides most women. " You like music,"' she says, softly. 4 4 Ah, ye=, 1 can see it in your facc. Englishmen are cold and prosy, but. theyhave eloquent eyes sometimes.'' . She sings, without ellort, the familiar canzone of Figaro, with a voice which the sweet throated tohos iu the. ieav-efe above us might, have envied. From Figaro to the sublims harmonies of the Stabat Mater, without prelude pi* apology, I now wailing liko the sigh of a vesper j hymn at eventide, now bursting into 5 passionate prayer, like the swell a Te;| Deum from the Cathedral altar. Out on i the still night rose the matchles mu-ic of v'jjce, rich, clear, thrilling, aud changm- j tuddculy to one of Verdi's gayest ana:;. } mingling Huckens' slumber song with • some reckless Venetian barcarolle. | '' Your voice is exquisite, marvellous. I Riah." She laughs softly. " They know hov to teach music in Paris, sir.' " You were not born Paris, wen you r ' " No," she answers. " I claim no higher lineage than a half blood Ma.-n for my mother, and this dull, dark Island for my birthplace. But my father sent ine to Francf ere I could lisp his uanu-, and there I remained until good Madame de I'entville couid teach ine nothing more, either of music or the latest scandal in fashionable circles. Sitting here reminds me of tlie old chateau at Dijon, whorwo had lessons for breakfast, for lunch, and for dinner, with long practice by way of dessert. How I used to beat my wings against the barred windows, and long to escape o'er the purple : mou;r tains." No more dangerous siren in aiicien; fable than this, with the mocking ligiu o; her gazelle eye3, ai.d the ro3y, stinting i:yis r . 'Nu more witching creature from, the pages «.<f <«'.-il£«::;:i, who dazzled all men who looked ^in t.iicm with the shins of their d'uro, yet whose white! jewelled hands shook the philtre into thej loving cup. t r - , Lot me moralize no more, or I shall fill; the |i;v,>;es of iny diary ere I have freed the: thoughts which rise betimes likeaccus-j ing angela. j Iu the absfcraat my sin lay in this. I! was the wiliinc dupe of a consummate! scoundrel and his cenfederates, who used '' r jl,c.lcu..tin 5. ana beautiful decoy | toluie me, that is all fhe details, j abrupt, and perhaps a little vague, mayj serve as a beacon to others who, like mj-j self, are ignorant of the smooth gilded j ways of wickadneae. j I had been acquainted but a short time with .the exile, Barjew and his family,! when I began to play. How it came ; about is a mystery, for in my heart j| ii- i> . "'J hated gambling. Perhaps it was because: Ivtalf.Barjew was my partner at theseh times, that 1 began to look forward to the long winter evenings at the villa as ah sort, of Edin, wherein there was only Evo!. for ino. Not at this time, but king after-! wards I knew flir.vksnest to be nothing! inore. nor less than a oambling den, and! its inmates the very worst tvpe of sonuiw i ui v ; geiiucmaniy runians tnat prey on| society, iliere was nothing unusual in; •the..crowded rooms, filled night after night with eager, watchful men and women ">vlio staked their last shilling with tlie -;ang fro id. of iny Lord Rochester. Even at that time, when I saw nothing beyond the big black eyes of my lovely lure,, it struck me as most strange, but I had visited laris, and I knew the] 1 arisiaus to be fond of ccarie as a pastimo 01 1 'yin my novitiate my fair partner was allowed to instruct ine until I became an' apt player, and 1 went into the trap. j T I It was a curious study to watch the tide of fortune flowing into our hands at the brffinning. Truly, luck was everything in our case. Many a half-smothered mere was heard from beneath the thick moustache of Ratazki Barjew at our success, and as his daughter swept the golden pieces into, her lap. This was the beginning. Slowly but surely the fever laid its grip upon me— the feverish excitemcnt of the gambler. WJule the malady was upon me I cared little whether Riah Barjew was present or otherwise. The ambition to win seemed to absorb all else of thought or feeling within my heart. The photographs of the persons who gathered nightly round our table are vividly retained in my memory. Old Barjew, with his thin, keen face hungrily watching the c:irds on the grepn baize. Opposite tlie host a well made, handsome young mail, about my own age, by name Jocelyu Vaiihorough, and who might easily have been taken for my twin brother. Paul Barjew filled the picture as my vis-a-vis. Beyond the glare of the lamps was one figure whom 1 observed often watching for some one who never came. It was the form of a lady, if the erect, carriage, small, well gloved hauds and a hundred ot!;er uniimtakcable signs of birth and breeding are any indications of a gentlewoman. Stiu always took up a position in the same spot, and that spot the-aiiost shrouded part of the room. She never played, and no one appeared to trouble themselves about her. At a certain hour she left the \iila, but to return again the next evening to her post. , j 0u<£ liight piy curiosity got the better 1 of iny -mauiiers. 4 Who is this lady V" I asked of my host, pointing to the dark form standing motionless as a statue. 4 Barjew wheeled round. 4 Ah, mon ami," he said, shrugging his shoulders, 4 4 that is a poor creature who comes and 1 goes to my domicile as the whim pleases her." Mrs Sydney Black is the wife of my most intimate friend, a gentleman whom i shall have much pleasure in introducing to you by and by. At present he is in Melbourne, but he wiil be here after thi- races." 4 ' Is Mr black a racing mail ?" 4 4 Mv good friend," replied my host, with a laugh, " you English have a way of saying :harsh words. Mr Black is a sportsman^ and tlie owner of several racehorses." 4 4 Humph ! Does the lady know that her liege lord is absent ?" Who can tell what the thoughts of women are '{" answered Uarjew, evasively. 4 4 Soiiieyears a^'o Mrs Black lost an infant daughter. The poor crcaturo has not beeh altogether rigiit here (touching his forehead).since that unfortunate event." 4 1 How lost V i 4 §Soleii.out of ilscradle ; kidnapped," b\i2jlv replied the host. 4 " Whoever the thief, he li is managed to keep his secret and hide his crime. The child was never recovered. Come, mo a chcr, mind your play." If I had fortune at my "back in the commencement, the jade soon turned her tickle front, J 1 i lost heavily—that is, my ambling transactions amounted to more thair l f could pay. All had been well for me'had I conic to my senses at this point, but my losses, instead of acting as a warning, .only created 111 me a determination to retrieve them. 1 returned home. My father reproached me for my long absence, and parted with me iu an angry LV mood Did he.suspect! 1 Alas " tor vam \am 4ivolous! .rivoious youth, Cut the string of the kite, and lo ! whither will it go 'i I'" wanted money, and my 3ister Hilda came to the rescue. 1 told her my honor) was involved, and that a thousand pounds! would tree me. She gave me lier cheque! book I " 1 have two thousand odd in the Bank! jf New Zealand, my grandmother's 1 legacy," she replied. Draw for that ' iinouut if it will lielp you, Temple." T kissed her, and went back to Hawksnest." I<i a week I was beggared of every sliill'ng my noble sister had given me. There are some temperaments which become •savage and desperate under defeat. S01110 men there ate, and I feit myself to be ono of tl»en>, who, if they had the strength io haek tlie will, would wreck the world' in their mad desire to conquer I re.: member in inv schooldays encountering' a big. bully iu the shape of a butcher, a' cuarKu, brutal fellow, who was the terror of the locality at fisticuffs. He was a man and 1 a boy, but I would have beaten liiiu to death it his friends had not taken hi 111 away. Tlio bully nearly killed me,| yet my will mastered him. 4 4 You have the devil's luck, Ashford," said l J aul Barjew. Dame Fortune is decidediy against y<.u, my dear fellow," drawled Van-j borough. "Better not tempt the goddess' anv further." I Th... f. f ? .1 ii - ihe very front or these things would! have opened the eyes of anyone less be-| <vitched and foolish than myself, but the men were observers, mark you/adtleyl J y 1... .1 u ' . • , , knew how ,0 pull the strings which move tale puppets human. and 1 re-1 >'it>ii Iheir iim.rhfiUr words wer>^ launls to me. and mm,!!,.,! i„„„kfii,. tll U r l i - v ^i..^! a J, advic-i was thrown aw ay upon me. X, ^li'juld not cease until 1 had my r vei!{{(?.—To be Continued, M ii 6 S43 jenprKTHmf.] a 