Central Ipssston. Sunday Services. Centenary Hall .— 'Parade Service : — 9.30, Rev. R. Bavin. Morning Service : — 11, Rev. John Watsford. .Afternoons:— 8, Young People's Service, Conducted by Mr. W atsf ord. Peoples' Service : — 7, Rev. John Watsford. Princes-street : — 11. Mr. Ocden. „ 7, Mr. Gilbert. Hay Street : — 11, Rev. J. Colwell. „ 7, Evangelist W alsh. Pyrmont : — 11, Rev. R. Bavin. „ 7, Rev. J. Colwell. (Workers' Conference, Saturday Evening, . Centenary Hall, at 7.30, Rev. John Watsford in charge. Rev. J. Beckenham presided at the mid- day service on Thursday, when an earnest address, which contained much wholesome advice to business men was delivered by Rev. J. Best. Speaking of the sins which were menacing the life of this city, amongst others Mr. Best referred to the social impurity which abounds. At the present time men Were returned to their Legislatures who were living personifications of sensual vice, men who openly resorted to houses of ill-fame in the city. The electors should exclude all men of doubtful character from Parliament, as the evil example which some of their legislators set to the rising youth of the community must have a bad effect. The speaker also referred to the dishonest tricks of trade which abounded in the business life of the city, and urged his hearers to be true to the precepts of Christ. *?** The pleasant Sunday afternoon took the form of a Temperance Conference, in which several prominent temperance advocates, including Mr. G. D. Clark, J. Roseby, Dr. Arthur and others took part. Mr. Glover opened the conference with an address on, ' Some Modern Aspects of the Drink Traffic,' in which Borne very pertinent and sensible re marks were made. Prohibition, local option, no compensation, the present depression, and the pie- crust promises of certain Members of Parliament all received their share of attention. Each and all \tere agreed upon this — that on the part of the church more vigorous action was needed. **# The Rev. R. Bavin preached morning and evening. At the evening service there was again a large attendance. Mr. Bavin took for his subject ' The Holy Ghost, ' from which he preached an appropriate and telling sermon. God's spirit moved upon the people, and at the close there were several con versions. Good was also done at the Branches. Hay Street had a good con gregation, and conversions. At Pyr mont the Song Service drew a large congregation, and one young man found peace. At Princes Street the congregation was also good, and con versions took place. It was a good day all round. *#* 'What was advertised as a 'Grand Classical Concert' in aid of the Sea men's Institute, for which the arrange ments were successfully made and oarried through by Mr. Gilbert, was given in the Hall Wednesday even ing last. The attendance and returns, though good, were not all that Mr. Gilbert and his friends desired and de served. A party from Government House, including Lady Duff and the Misses Duff, was in attendance. The programme, which was specially good and lengthy, including items by Mons. Wiegand, Signor Podenzana, Mons. Albert, Miss Archer, Miss Brees, the Masters Clough, Mr. Colyer, and others. The Seamen's Institute iB progressing and doing much good. *** The quarterly workers' tea and con ference took place in the lecture room Monday evening last, when there was a good attendance of workers connected with the hall and its branches. Final arrangements were made for the mission to he conducted by the Rev. John Watsford, the workers pledging them selves to assist by their labours and prayers. The spirit of unanimity pre vailed throughout. Arrangements for the young people's service, the open-air meetings, the singing, and bill distribu tion were also made. We would take this opportunity of enlisting the sym pathy and prayers of all who may read this paragraph. 