LUKE. (In the Colorado Park, 1873.) Wots that you re readin ?— n novel T A novel — well, darn my skin ! You a man grown and bearded, and hiatin' such stuff oz that in — btuu about gals and thoir sweethearts I fro wonder you're thin cz a knife. Look at ino 1 — clar two hundred — and novcr read one in tny life ! That's my opinion o' novels. And ez to their lyin' round here. They belonged to tho Jcdge's daughter — the Jedgo who oamo up last year On account of his lungs, and the mountains, and the balsam of pino and tir ; And his daughter — well, she read novels, and that's what's the matter with her. Yet she was sweet on tho Jedge, and stuck by him day and night, Alono in tho cabin up ycr — tillsho grewliko a ghost, all white. Sho was only a slip of a thing, cz light nnd ez up aud away Ez rifle-smoke blown through tho woods, but she wasu'c my kind— no way 1 Spoakin' o'gals, d'yo mind that house cz you rise tho hill, A mile and a half from White's, and jist above Mattingly's mill 1 You do ? Well, now thar's a gal 1 What, you saw her? 0, coma now, tharqnit! Sho was only bedev'lin' you boys, for to mo she don't cotton ouo bit. Now, she's what I call a gal— ez pretty nnd plump cz a quail ; Teeth ez white ez a hound's, and they'd go through a tunpenny nail; Eyes that kin snap like a cap. So she asked to know " wlinr I was hid ?". She did ? 0, it's jist like her sass, for she's peart as a katydid. Hut what was I talkin' of? — 0, tho Jedge and his daughter — she read Novels tho whole day long, aud I reckon she road them abed, And sometimes she read them out loud to the Jedge on the porch where he sat, And 'twas how " Lord Augustus " said thtB, and how " Lady Blanche " sho said that. But the sickest of nil that I heerd, was a yarn thet they rend 'bout a chap "Leather- stocking" by name, aud a hunter chock full o' the greenest o' sap ; And they asked ma to hear; but I says : " Miss Mabel, not any for me ; When I likes I kin sling my owu lies, and that chap and I shouldn't agree." . Yet somehow or other s'no was always sayin' I brought her to mind Of folks about whom bIis had read, or suthin' belike of thet kind. And thar warn't no end o' the names thet ehe gave me thet summer up hero, f Robin Hood," " Leather-stocking," " Rob Roy " — 0, 1 tell you, the critter was queer. And yet ef she hadn't been spiled, she Was harmless enough in her way ; Sho could jabber in French to her dad, and they said thet she knew how to play, - And she worked mo that shot- pouch up thar — which the mau doesn't live as kin use, And slippers — you see 'om down ycr — cz would cradlo an In jun'e papoose. Yet along o' them novels, you see, she was wastiti' and mopin' uwuy, And then sho got shy with her tongue, and at last had nothing to say ; And whenever I happened around, her faco it was hid by a book, And it warn't until she left that she gave me ez much cz a look. Aud this was the way it was: It was night when I item up here To say to 'om all " good-bye," for I reckoned to go for deer , .. At "sun-up" the day they left. So I shook 'em all by the hand, 'Copt Mabel, and she was sick, ez they gave me to understand. _ . . . But just ez I passed tho house next morning at dawn, someone. Like a little waver o' mist, got upon the bill wich the sun; Miss Mabel it was, alone— all wrapped in a mantle o' lace— ' And she stood there straight in ;the road, with a touch o' the sun in her face. And she looked ma right in the eye— I'd seen suthin' like it before . When I hunted a wounded doe to the edge o' tho Clear Lake shore, . f And I had my knee on its neck, and jist was raisin' my knife When it gavo me a look like that, and — well, it got off with its life. " We are going to-day," she said, " and I. thought I would say good-bye To you in your own house, Luke— these woods and the bright blue sky ! You've ulways been kind to us, Luke, and papa has found you still As good as tho air he breathes, and whole some as Laurel- Tice Hill. "And we'll always think of you, Luke, as the thing we could not take away — The balsam that dwells in the woods, the rainbow that lives in tho spray. And you'll sometimes think of me, Luke, as you know you once used to say, A riile-smoke blown through the woods, a moment, but never to-stay." . . And then we shook hands. - She turned, but a sudden t she t&ttered; and fell, And I caught hor sharp by the waist, and held her a minit — well, It was only a minit, you know, that ez cold and ez white she lay Ez a suowflake hero on my breast, and then — well, she melted away — . And was gone. . . . And thar are her books ; but I says not any for me, Good enough may bo for some, but them and I mightn't agree. They spiled a decent girl ez might hev made some chap a wife : And look at me 1 — clar two hundred— and never read one in my life. Bret Harte. 