TALKS OF TUB WILD WlttT. slanders, of squatters' gulch. (TUE stranger intoxicated. Tliero 'w yriis no mistaking it. Mo wusntan ugly. There was no room for a doubt of Hit';, either. Tho hilarious patron. of the Taran tula fiiilotm had for some hours hecn watch- in j; his increasing opulence of alcliolisiu and comhativcncss, with that interest which always marhed thcni when prospects of a fight became prominent. It may be supposed, therofore, that the Inovemc-nts of tlio stranger, upon the night of which 1 write, were viewed with some- thins; mol'e t'mn common interest. One by one the leading citizens had dropped into tho Tarantula Saloon during blip evening, until the tables were well surrounded, and the bar was lined with watchful observers. "Who's the .stranger?" inquired Tom Cuthcnrt, in a careless way, as he dealt three cards to Jack (laehwildbr. " Diuino," briefly responded that authority, throwing his hand down in a disgusted way. " He's only just arriv', and it's my opinion nc how, if lie keeps on, lie'll reach the end of his lariat extremely quick." "I've half a mind," mused Mr. Cathcart, pleasantly, "to rise up and give him a bench b myself. I don't like no Missouri mudenier to stand the boys up like bo's doing." "Never mind," affably rejoined flash- wilder, with that air of authority which gave bis opinions such great weight ; "hold on a bit. Fur- lined George will be along soon, and the stranger will have to lake water thin. bet him go on. Gimme two cards." "Hello!" ejaculated Mr. (iathcnrt, n moment later: " the ball has begun." Everybody in the room had arisen to his foot. The tall Missouriau, a man of angular frame and sinister visage, had at last succeeded in drawing somebody into a con troversy. The citizens of Squat tors' Gulch were about to be entertained. " Humph !" muttered Mr. Cathcart, "it's e shame for him to pick a row with Glanders. The poor chap can hardly hold his own head up, let alone lighting. I've a mighty good notion to sail in myself." " Hold on !" cautioned Jack Gash wilder, with his index linger laid knowingly along ni« nose ; xiivnius iviniiuvrn i» mi ngUb, he is slow but suro. Look there 1" The quarrel at the bur had beon growing louder. The Btrnnger, inflamed with lh« fiery liquor he had been drinking, had selected one of the least offensive men in the settlement as the special object of his d is- pleasure. This person, a Mr. Thomas Glanders, was u quiet, respectably-dressed man, with a stolid face and a dejected tnnrmor, who was looked upon iu a friendly, often a pityingly light by bis companions. The stranger was . hooping abuse on Glanders' head— abuse which ho could not comprehend, and which seemed to half bewilder him. But the offensive Missouriau w ont, on, goadod to increased fury by bis ovvn words. Soil I Glanders stood helplessly guz- ing about liioi, making no reply, but occasionally passing the back of bis rough brown hand across his forehead. Finally, in a. transport of rage, tho stranger drew a revolver. Thon Glunders seemed' to awaken. Ho spoke for the first time. "Put it up," ho8aid, quietly, "or I will kill you." The stranger laughed, and the crowd,, angry and menacing, began to close in upon him. Glanders motioned theui back. " Put it up," be repeated, " or I urilLsboob you in -your tracks." Tho stranger tired, and-apart ohGiandera" bat fell to the floor. Few of the citizens of the-- Gulch shod known or- would have believe be could' act. with such decision. He had hitherto been, thought by them -tor-baasiow and cuny- going person, too inoffensive to be trodden upon, and too gentle to respond with violence. Bat upon this occasion be belied bis reputa tion. Quick as lightning — so quickly that- only one or two in the room saw: the; movement — a derringer sprang from his' pocket,. a deep. report sounded through the: room, and the eriunger fell to the Boor. There was silence for a moment. Then the wonnded Missouri an, after writhing a moment whero he lay, beckoned Glanders towards him. >fo was no longer violent. Tho fumes of the drink had quitcevaprrated from bis brain, ho realised what had happened. Glur-dors, whose anger had dis appeared as q-uickly as it came, when be saw he wan the victor and his life was no longer threatened, stepped forward, and raised tlic stranger's head to his knes. " Whiskey," he said, shortly, to the. bar keeper. The wounded man, somewhat revived by tho stimulant, motioned Glanders to lean closer, and be obeyed. There was nothing but pain in bis red face now, and great bonds of perspiration stood out upon his forehead. The stranger whispered a few words brokenly, and then suddenly follback, dead. Glanders lowered the man's head to the floor, und then slowly arose to bis feet. The hush which had some time ago fallen upon the crowd was not yet disturbed. "Boys," said Glanders, in a voice which trembled slightly, " I hatod to -do it, but it couldn't be helped. I'm sorry it was so, aud I'm willin' to abido by what you say. If it was murder, string me up-and be quick about it !" A murmur that rose almost to askant ran through the room. Evory man there endorsed hie cause. Glanders began to move slowly towards the door. He paused once, drew bis hat down over his eyes, buttoned" his coat tightly about his throat, and thrust Iris-hands into his pockets -with.raii air that indicated a purpose. " Poor-things t" he muttered, as he strode into tho night. "They're orphans now. and Imodo-'emso!" # 4 Drawmback some.pacexfrom the roadway, . close to the trunk of a tall pine tree, some distance from the sturdy settlement of Squatters' Gulch, was one of thosoibuge, ungainly vehicles- which, in the>early days of pioneering, were known as prairie noheonera. Near by, dimly-seen -through tho darkness, were two lean, unhappy-look- ing horaos, firowsrngiri a helpless wayupon tbo scant herbage which the place afforded. At the foot of the tree a beapof smouldering embers showed there had beon a small fire earlier in tho night. , .This was the scene into which Glanders peered hfllf-an-liouraftcrthetragicoccurronco ihuve just described. For a long time he sat, thoughtfully and silently, upon the pole of tbo waggon. So far as aqy sign of his was concorned he might have been asleep. Possibly ho was going over tho events of the eveniug. Perhaps lie was framing a scheme for tho future. When inorethan an hour had thus slipped by hn came out of his reverie, and rose to hia feet. Thomas Glanders was a methodical man. For years he had plodded along in a quint, careworn manner, accomplishing nothing that any of his companions coula discover, bat never complaining of ill-for tune or pain. Men supposed .he must have money. En lived well, bub unobtrusively, and he norer had difficulty in meeting his obliga tion. To the suffering be was always kind, indeed, the local clergyman, who found few but ret" grape in this vineyard, was wont to «y that Thomas Glanders could be relied upon, w«u charity was needed, to give as libvrally as a gambler. ' But there voa no ostentation about him. He-lived by method. Ho arose and went to Kedefc curtain hours, ho ate at ; presonbed Um»s, and hr drank his four glasses of Wtfes.»y :lier«9' /day as regularly. . as he . Bcaatfcrd.. Hfort a. purely -npAtcr-flf- tact Id; .VdhstSKenjbsd.i>ek.eaioie.toibti»r:wbi -sPr.,iK=3>ewt»fi «»>-: b ' good fortune— he accepted it without a word of complaint. When Glanders arose from his position upon tho pole of tho waggon, his first opera tion was to pile a few sticks of wood upon the coals, l'n a littlo while thero was a blnzo, which, after sputtering a moment, gnvo out considerable light. . This illumiiiitliou, or the sound of Glanders' footstep about, tho plane, apparently avoused some degree of life insido the waggon, for there was u slight movement, and then uchildish voico, rather petulant in its tone, said : " The old man, I s'pone." "Sliet up!" responded another voice, obviously that of a lad, "or you'll got another larriipin'. EF lie's full, lie's sassy." Glunders leaned against the tree, and nil became quiet again. For the second time sincu ho had arrived upon this scene, ho fell to thinking, and, us before, bis reflections were so absorbing that lib lost all conscious ness of wlmt. was passing -around him. Ho did not oven notice tluit tho canvas flap of l.lio waggon was ruined, and that two very- big, blue eyes were peering cautiously through the aperture thus formed. It was cntiicly without his knowledge that the owner of those curious eyes stole out of the waggon and crept slyly towards him. Not until she spoko was be awaro of her pre-mice. " \V hero's the old uian ?" were tho first words Glanders board. They startled him slightly, and ho looked earnestly into the young face that was upturned to his. Perhaps it was tho flicker ing of the firelight that caused tho quick sluido that fell across his face. But it looked like an expression of pain. The girl, annoyed at his silence, went on, impetuously : c Dnii'h uniti h»nrV Wliiih i'« Mia rnnf,h#»>' of you ? Where's the old man ?" "Down tho gulch," replied Glanders, slowly, mid witli some difficulty. " Oil," said tbo girl, with an odd mixture of sarcasm und curiosity. " Me sent you hp to say lie win drunk, I s'pose ? Said lie wouldn't be homo till lis got good and ready — didn't, ho? Told you to tell us to look sharp, or he'd link lSolh of lis when lie got home, I reckon — hey ?"' "ldoes ho beat you, then ?" asked Glanders, with a v/eak attempt at evasion. "Does he? Now you just bet be does. And I've got my opinion ol' a big loafer, Unit licks a little gnl like me, what can't help herself. Home day he'll wake up tins wrong outfit, and then he'll get. put. unrior the daisies with his boots on — you hear nie ?" Glanders did hear her, nml be shuddered. Bub lie wiis strongly attracted by the big- eyed, rough-spoken little girl, who stood Micro looking him in the faco and ejecting Iter words with an energy that would lmve been ludicrous under oLhrr circumstances. Site was a slender child, perhaps 12 years old. Her hair was curly and light, and it fell in a tangled mass over her forehead and neck. She was poorly clad, and her brown feet bad long been stranger." to the cramping influence of shoes. Tliero was a touch of great pity in Glanders' eyes as lie looked at this child standing there in the firelight and regarding him fixedly. "Come liore," he said, after awhile; " come here and talk with me. I want to ask you some questions." " I'll do it," she declared, in a voice from which the sharpness bad all gone. " I don't know who you are, bub I like you, though I can't toll why. It ain't 'cause you're hand some — that's dead sure." Glanders paid no attention to this uncom plimentary allusion to his personal appear ance. YVitli him it was no time for idle words or thoughts. "Tell me," he said, when the girl had settled horsolf on the ground in front of him, "do you love the old man ?— are you fond of him." " Well," responded the girl, after a pause, " I can't say as I'd like to eat him. He's too bandy with tho buck of his list to make mo .so awful dead in lovo with him." Glanders sighed, as though he felt relieved 'Trow some anxiety. "But, then," the girl went on, with childish frankness, "you can't quite hate a man when he's the only purtectoryou'vo got. Ugly as he was, he putall tho bread into my mouth as cvor went tbore, and I've got to remember tlmt. Sometimes there wasn't 'much of it, und sometimes it was mighty -queer bread. Bub as a gen'ral thing ho did .the best he knowed how, and Say, what .are you thinking about so hard ?" Glanders was just at tlmt moment think ing he was about the darkest criminal in the world. 'l'o save liiuieelf from possible -destruction he bad killed a fellow- being — an act, I regret to say, which was not sufficiently infrequent in those days, and in that section, to call for auv special regrets upon its own account. But Glanders reflected that in depriving tho Missouri bully of his life, he had also taken away the only prop upon wliicb this helpless child leaned for support, It was a rolleotion which filled him at first avith dismay and self-reproach, and then with a certain deiiniteness of purpose. "Sis," said lie, after a momont, passing his band over her straying curls with n kind of rough tenderness that was nob without its element of magnetism : " sis, ef thai- was a man — mind ye, I don't say thai- is a man — but of thar was ono as come to you and says, says this man, ef so bo as you two children wants a homo, bein' without one, ye can como and live along of me, and though it ain't a refined and ollygant abode — el any man was tosay this to ye, and your dad didn't par-ticulariy mind, what would you answer?" The girl looked full in his face. "Answer? Why, I'd collar the offer like chain-lightning— only," she hesitated an instant— " only the old man ncvor'd stand by and lot mo havo such a good thing as that — never." "He'll nevor bother ye any more, iny child," said Glanders. " Do-ye ieel very bad about it?" " Bad ?" she echoed. "Yes. The old man has beentook, as it were. He was killed, my child, and the man what offers to take ye into into his home is the one as did it." The young girl started back, and regarded Glunders with a strange expression. It was nob a look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, bub rather a look ef astonishment. Presently, after peering iiitoliia eyes ioc some little tiino.she suid : "Then I don't believo-ib was your fault. You .ain't the kind of u man to do that sort of thing 'thoub a causa. And as for me, it's a-stonisliin' be hasn't -ketchcd it afore." Glanders took a deep breath, which jsounded'like a eighof relief. "Then,"Baid he, " we mnst-be movin'." In the morning tho camp of Squatters' .Gulch was surprised -to see a huge emigrant waggon drawn up to the door of Glnnders cabin ; and, later in the day, it was still further astonished to observo two children,, a boy and a girl, playing about the place. Who they -were, and where they came from, was a doop and absorbing mystery, That their advent was connected with the' death of the stranger was not a theory which occurred to many of the citizens. One of the leading explanations put forward by those who conversed upon the subject was the proposition thnt Glanders' supposititious wife in the States — an appendage which was attached in a greater or less degree to tho main bulk of the population of that salubrious locality— had forwarded her children to be cared for by their legitimate protector. But whatever Squatters' Guleh may have thought or expressed upon the subjeot, Squatters' Gulch did not carry its curiosity offensively near to Glanders, or his cabin an tho hill. Meanwhile, in the cabin itsolf, there wore some odd developments. The new residents had . quietly domesticated themselves with that affluent confidence which is the distinguishing trait of that migratoryehild- hood of the West, winch being cost this way and that by the changes which constantly occur m new countries, readily accustoms .itself, to fresh surroundings. One night, -eibting- beforethe fire, with his sharb clay i-pipa-in hisimqubh, and the children on the 'flnor.atliis:fept,-dicamilyregavdin£'tleooals, Glanftorsfbrokerthenailenc'L . ..... " Sis," said lie, " 1 duu't waul-to pry into no family sccrots of yourn, cos it ain't none of my business |iertiokloriy, but, at tho same time, it ain't reasonable for mo logo on alwnys n-cnllin' ofyo 'Sis,' and the young cliap ' Bub.'" " That's so, I reckon," promptly replied (lie young girl. " My name's Lucy liryton. And liis'n," pointing to the boy, " his'n is Robert. His t'other nanio ain't like miuo, though, 'cause lie's only a 'doptcd brother. His name is Bulbliim — Robert Ruthbiui. Hello ! UTial'u up, Mr. Tom?" "Nolliin'," replied Glanders, whoso faco Imd suddenly become rigid. " On'y I dropped in,y pipe, that'. all. Go to bed, youngsters. I want to think, lfold up a bit. What became of yer mother, Bub ?" "Bend. Drowned in the Missouri overflow. I haven't seen her since I was a baby." When they were gone, and for hours after wards, Glanders sat looking gloomily into the lire. " Poor gal !" he muttered, after a long l.imc. " Ef matters hud come out a lectio different, that would liev bin my boy. Mine. Well, what's to hinder now ?" Having by soiuo acute mental process con vinced himself that nothing was to hinder, Glanders went thoughtfully to bed. / The soft autumn days, gilded by the clear and genial Colorado sun, melted slowly away into the crisp and vestal winter. Then came the budding spring, the lazy summer, and llio blushing autumn again. So tho wcok glided into months, and tho mouths closed into years, until Squuttors' Gulch, ashamed of its rough and uncouth namo of othor days, adopted tho more exalted title of Clarion City. In a Dusteful oottage, far towards the outer edge of the settlement, lived Mr. Thomas Glanders and the members of bis family, wiio have heretofore been described in this vcraeious narrative. It was a pretty place, mid it was marked hero and there by t.lie unmistakable traces of a woman's presence. Neat white curtains hung iu the windows,.-! hummock swung on tho verandah, and a trailing vino grew up over the posts by tho door. One night-, as the sun was climbing down across the western sky, tlie verandah was occupied by two young people. A strong, hearty young mun -was swinging in the hammock, while sitting beside him, idly moving the network backward nnil forward, was a lithe and graceful girl. Sho was blushing deeply, but not banging her head. There was, indeed, in her large blue eyes a look of opon fr&ukness; which .1 do not think is often found about the faces of young women when tiiey are discussing the sub ject which was at that momont occupying her attention. " There is smnnfliinfy which nnnms almost like sacrilege shout it, Robert," she said, with a touch remonstrance, ill her voice. " I hud grown to think you my brother in reality." " But you iove me, Lucy t You have told mo so." " What," site asked, presently, " would be think?" It wax apparent that the young man did not require u more definite descriptive term to understand who was referred to. "He would scarcely object, Lucy. You know he loves both of us very dearly, and bis greatest happiness would bein making us happy." "True," replied Miss Lucy, thoughtfully. " But if— if he should rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Robert— you know we owe trim a very great deal ! Our home, our rescue from an existence that would havo left us both more to be pitied than if we wero dead ; our education — all were given us by him. VVe can scarcely do anything that may bring him (lain, Itobort." Tlie young man in the hammock was silent for a moment. "Tell me,"hesnid, in alittle while, "why you suppose there i6 any reason that ho will object Miss Lucy's face assumed a deeper scarlet. " I — I— well, nothing. It is probably my imagination." " Will you ask him ?" Another pause. Then, in a low voice ; " Yos ; I will ask liirn to-night. If lie consents, Robert, I will do all that you have asked." " That's a dear, sweet Lucy !" exclaimed Robert, springing to his feet, and kissing Iter lips. " Wo shall be very happy." Ah he strolled down the hill, Miss Lucy'6 eyes followed his retreating figure, sadly. When he was gone, she drew a long and slightly tremulous, breath, and laid iier head against the past. She still sat thus, with her eyes bent upon the ground, when a heavy footfall aroused Iier attention. Mr. Thomas Glanders, returning from liie office at the mouth of the Giunt mine. Not quite the Thomas Glanders we have known heretofore. His eyes were seronor now than they were of old, and his tread bad not that element of hesitation which formerly marked it. Thomas Glanders, mine-owner ami operator, with u pretty home, and the bonctite of solicitous female society, was rather inclined to be an ornament to his sex. " Good evenin', Lucy," he said, kindly, as lie drew a chair up to her side, and seated liimaeU so Miat the folds of lior dress brushed against his knees. " I met Robert as I came up tlie hill. A lino boy, that, Lucy. I'm an proud of him us ii I Imil been iiis father." A moment of silence, during which Miss Lucy breathed u trifle quickly. Ono baud luy unemployed in Iier lap. Glanders picked it up, una held it in his own. It looked so small, so white, so lovely, in his great palm, that he speedily covered it up by drawing bis brown fingers about it. "It's a whiter hand," lie began, slowly.- and reflectively, " though ib ain't much bigger than it was when I first took ib into mine, that night under the big tree. All, my girl, 1 didn't seo thon : and I didn't get to imagine that you would bo so dear to me sumo day. 1 didn't know that in the course of time you would get to be— what you aro to rae. If I had " Another pause. This time Lucy was slightly trembling. "If I had," lie continued, "I" should almost havo boen afraid to see you." "Afraid?" The word came reluctantly andalmosb in a whisper. " Afraid I -might some time lose you— afraid that some other love bub the regard you had for clumsy, poor-spoken old Torn Glanders might some day bo stole away by a deepor, a greater regard for another man," Mr. Glanders arose and walked to tho other end of the verandah. Then lie came slowly backhand placed bis. heavy hand, light enough now, upon the sunny head. " Lucy," he began — " child, yon are more to me than I can tell you— more than 1 know. Thore is but one happiness for me— but one rebb after my life's struggles. And it has been struggle, Lucy, that ain't always been easy for to get the beet of. But, Lucy, I don't want, to find fault, nor to com plain, Hit has brought me you. Eh? Why, child, you are -cryin. Dearie, if I've said anything that's grieved ye, don't mind me. Luoy, I'll never spoak of it again, as long as I live. I take it ail back, Lucy, I do 1" Mr. Glanders was down by her side, hold ing her hands, and trying to soothe her. In a moment sho was quite calnj. " You have boon kind to mo," -she said, after u while. " I was only a stranger's ohild— a stronger who would have taken your lifo. You took me in, and cared for me, and worked and toiled for rao, so that I might have comforts and be happy. You ,took me, a. ragged, rough, ill-bred child, and you gave me the cbanee to become a lady. You have earned ray— my love, aud-—" " Don't apeak that, way, Luoy. I didn't calculate to bay yourbeart, I didn't, Luoy, and I wouldn't take it like that.!1 " You didn't buy it, you— you won it. Tom, I love you vory, very dearly. It may fiot be the kind of love you expect, just yet ; but, by- and.bye, when wo have grown used -to each-other, when we haverforgotteo that -wo-worft- « ' .1 ' "Father and daughter," almost, he broke in. " Aro you sure, Liicy ? Will you never regret this?" " Never !" alio cried, iuipiilsivoly. " Bub let ib be quick- Do not wait u day, but lmve it done at once ! It— ib must be without delay, or— or-— " iSlic did nut finish tlie sentence, but with n sharp convulsive kiss upon his brown check— a kiss which sounded almost like a gasp — i-lio was gone. , in the gloninin,'; upon Iiis porch that night rob Mr. Thoimis Glanders, ' a very hnppy iimn. Behind him lay nil the gloom, ami sorrow, und pain, that could nover come to liim now, In tlie future— whut? lie could not answer, though it seems very bright. » »« It was quickly and quietly accomplished. Almost beforo the staid citizens of Clarion Cily wero out in tho Bin-eels, Mr. G hinder? and hi? bride had walked to tliolitfclo oiiapnl down in the ravine, and baok again. Ho hud mil iced t lint Lucy was very pale that morning, and tliub there wore long, deep lines in Iier face. Clearly she had noi slept. But Mr. Glanders attributed the fact to a weakness of flic sox, and imagined that in a little time it would soon wear away. Kobort did not come home durino, the night, having gone a twonty-mile rido to visit some mentis. Mr. Glanders liad wished to defer thn quiet ceremony until his urrival, bub Lucv had refused witli a feverish haste, which her companion set down to the score ol diffidence. It was somn hours after tho marriage, that Mr. Glanders, failing to s tu lip any enthusiasm in Lucy's breast regard ing tlie various topics of conversation, kissed Iter tenderly, and strolled out for a walk among the trees. " She's hotter alone for a time," lie muttered, apologotically, to himself. " When I come back in half-tin hour she'll be a bright and cheory as over." For a long time after ho went away, Lucy sat looking blankly at tho wall, Then she arose and walked out upon tlie porch, and stood looking down fclio bill, where she had laBt seen Robert pass away. In a feu- moments (die became conscious that someone was near her. it was Robert, white as u ghost, and trembling nervously. Sho looked into his face, but could not speak. There was a deep, pathetic inquiry in lior eyas, which spoke more piuinly than words. " Yes, I know," he said, iu a strange aiitl worried fashion. " I heard it as I came up the street. I shall nob reproach you, Lucy, for, if he asked you to marry him, it was the only return you could make for all his more than fatherly kindness." There was a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by tlie two young people. " I have come, Lucy," continued Robert, in the same hurried and unnatural fashion, " to say, good- bye." " Robert !" sbo gasped, "do not — do not go away." " 1 must," lie said, in a strange tone, vfjiiiniiig it pni ' ui lain tiivn i vi lv uo (iu uavi n touch of weakness in the woman lie loved. "There is no other course. It would brenk my heart to stay here and seo you the win of another. It would wear out my grati tude, my manhood. Bay by day, all that i.- good about me would fade, and fadeaway, until I died oi shame and mental agony, or became a tepioach to all the world. Ib must be, Lucy. We love each othor too dearly to have it otherwise." She was silent. " Good-bye, Lucy," lie said, more quietly, taking hor hand. "Good- byo," she whispered, in a choking voice. For a moment be held her hand in his. At the satno instant a shadow that had beon thrown by the sun across tlie ground almost ut their feet, began slowly on.cl stealthily to steal away. "Try," said Robert, struggling hard to .regain his composure, " try to forget me. You can only find happiness in that oblivion. Or, if you tiiink of me sometimes, remember me ofily as tho brother who grew up with you and loved you witli— with only a— brother's love. Good-bye. God bless you, little sister !" lie turned on his heel, aud took a step forward. The sharp report of a pistol from the rear of tho house arrested hisabten- \- Lion. " What was that?" asked Luoy, turning, if possible, a shado whiter. in a moment blioy were both under the great pine treo which stood a four paces up tbo side of the hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. Stretched upon the soft carpet of pine- needles, with a look of ineffable gentleness in his fast glazing eyes, a entile on his lips, and tier portrait on his heart, lay tlie rigid figure of tho liusbAiid of the strangor's child, Abridged from Magazine, of Short Stories. WISE 'WORDS. . Tuk evening of a good life brings its lamp with it. Govern your thoughts when alone and your tongue when in company. The diviue afflatus was never designed to fan tho fire that cooks tho domestic dinner. No ovil is permitted to bofall unto tiiee but what may be productive of a muck greater good. A care siiared by a sympathetic spirit that really feels with us and for us is half taken away. God gives riobes to the world, but storer up his treasures of wholesome afflictions tr His ohildren. Wo nevor graduate in religion ; becaus-. the nearer we are to God, the mare we see there is to be learned. Certain thoughts ore prayers. Thero art moments when, whatever be the attitude o! the body, the soul is on its knees. Start the day with kind words at break fast. Whoever is out of patience is out of hi- soul. Wliere the aun does not corns tho doctor comes. Harsh words to a child sometimes kill an angel. All out- life is made of little things, Our chain of lifo is forged of little rings, And little words and acts uplift the soul. There is nothing so bad that it will not admit of something to be said in its defence. At times, when liu man prudence ends and sees nothing clearly, then tho light oi Divine wisdom begins to dawn. . THE TAM O'SHANTER. 1 I'ASSbci her on the sea-swept strand, A grace! nl blonde, with hair at golden As sunlight on tho yellow sand, Or kingly crown in legends golden ; She set my wild head in a canter, The girl who. wore the Tam O'Shanter. Soft eyes blue, soft cap of white, And tassel soft above them tossing— I simply revelled in the sight, Ana felt their charm my soul engrossing , \- And yet her air was full of banter, The girl who wore tho Tam O'Shanter 1 passed, re-passed, and passed again, , At last with calm surprise she viewed me ; I tried ib yet once more. In vain ! With wandering . glances she es.cbewed me— How dared I hope thus to enchant her The girl who wqre the Tam O'Shanter. But still I love that headgear neat, And, what ia worso, I lovo tlie wearer ; And though with scorn she did me treat, I'll swear noue other can be fairer, And pray all good tho gods may grant her, The girl who wore the Tam O'Shanter. Tbe dross eoat may be tlie proper thing for a prosaical wedding, biit ioi- air elope ment there is nothing like a cutaway. > The secrets ' of tho desert of Sahara a. among those things tbitlY nomad can find out. 