Intercolonial. SIR HENRY PARKES AND O'FARRELL. THE HISTORY OF THE FAMOUS KIAMA GHOST. A writer, who has taken the trouble to hunt up the records of the Fenian scare raised by Sir Henry Parkes at the time of the trial of the crack-brained O'Farrell lets in the light on the Kiama Ghost mystery:— The conviction of O'Farrell was a fore- gone conclusion, and his execution was promptly carried out. The culprit being out of the way, Parkes in a most bold and impudent manner began to MANUFACTURE THE KIAMA GHOST, by spreading broadcast hints and sur- mises as to O'Farrell's crime having been the direct outcome of an organised con- spiracy. He had reckoned without his host, however, because, before his death, O'Farrell had somewhat recovered his mental equilibrium, and seeing how he had been duped by Parkes into making wild and foolish charges which might be used for bringing innocent people to the gallows, he made a full and frank con- fession on the eve of his execution, in which he admitted the justness of his sentence, averring that all he had been induced by Parkes to say about the exis- tence of a Fenian conspiracy, and his being the agent of it was false, and that he planned to murder the Duke of Edin- burgh, and had communicated his inten- tion to nobody. This confession was en- trusted to the gaol chaplain (the late Dean Dwyer) who attended O'Farrell in his last moments, and who, after making a copy of it, gave the original one to the gaol authorities. Of course the public disclosure of the contents of this con- fession BURST UP PARKES' PRETTY PLOT, and he did his best to prevent their publi- cation, and for a time succeeded in making the public believe that O'Farrell was the agent of a Fenian conspiracy. The plotter was soon to be unmasked, not, however, before he had done incalculable mischief. The existence of O'Farrell's confession had leaked out, together with some inkling as to its contents; and con- sequently on April 21, 1868, Sir (then Mr ) William Macleay, from his place in the Legislative Assembly asked the Co- lonial Secretary (Sir Henry Parkes) whether he would produce and lay upon the table the dying confession of O'Farrell, who had been executed that morning. This Parkes refused to do. THE GHOST APPEARS. This was in April, and in August of the same year Parkes — who had since relin- quished the post of Colonial Secretary — went down to address his constituents at Kiama, and in the course of his speech definitely raised the "Kiama Ghost" in the following terms. "We were told — the police were told in the ordinary way of information — long before the Duke of Edinburgh landed on these shores, that his life would be at- tempted. . . . I do not hesitate to say here that I have in my possession evidence, which I can produce at any moment, that will satisfy every unbiassed, independent mind in the country that we had just and large grounds for every step of precaution which we, as a government, took; and though, perhaps, we as a government, might have been content to allow this damning evidence to have re- mailed unknown, still, if we are to be taunted, misrepresented, and vilified by a complete storm of lies, we may, in jus- tification to ourselves, yet see fit to lay this before the world. I have that evi- dence in my possession, and I can pro- duce it at any moment. I can produce evidence attested by affidavits which leaves no doubt in my mind, that not only was the murder of the prince planned, but that some person, who was in the secret and whose fidelity was expected, was foully murdered before the attack was finally made upon the prince." These astounding allegations Parkes reiterated, with even greater circumstan- tiality of detail, in a speech which he delivered before his constituents at Jam- beroo, in the following month of October of the same year (1868). In the course of this Jamberoo harangue, And in allu- sion to a letter published in the press, asking why precautions had not been taken for the protection of the Duke of Edinburgh's life, Ii the government knew beforehand that his life was menaced, Parkes said:— "The fact was that all practicable pre- cautions were taken. When the prince landed no less than 500 special constables were sworn in; officers of the police were directed to ride in the line of his body on either side, and all other precautions were taken that appeared necessary to secure the safety of the illustrious visitor. A CLEAN BOWL OUT. Such serious allegations, so precisely formulated and emphatically reiterated, could not be allowed to pass unchallenged. If they were true, society was in peril; if false, the man making them was in- famous. Parliament was bound to in- vestigate the matter, and accordingly, on December 15, 1868, Sir William Macleay moved for and obtained a Select Com- mittee. The report of the committee presented to the House showed that when called on to give evidence Sir Henry Parkes could not support one of his public statements. Parkes, under examination, adduced no evidence or documents tending to show that either he or any other member of the government to which he belonged had any suspicion of or information concerning the existence of a Fenian conspiracy, or any foreknowledge of a plot to assassinate the Duke of Edinburgh, although Parkes had had the whole police and detective force,as well as private agents, at work for months under the incentive of high rewards, endeavoring to ferret out evidence of a Fenian plot, of the holding of Fenian meetings, and of the existence of O'Far- rell's alleged co-conspirators. Concerning the affidavits which Parkes, boasted, at Kiama and Jamberoo that he could pro- duce at any moment to prove that the duke's murder was the outcome of a plot, and that one of those concerned in the plot, whose fidelity had been suspected, had been murdered, he did not and could not produce them because he never had them. All the papers he produced at the enquiry were silly, irrelevant concoctions, trumped up after the event. The 500 sworn specials about which Parkes spoke so grandiloquently were as great a myth, as monstrous a fabrication as anything conceived in a mendacious mind could possibly be. The report of the Select Committee literally teems with damning refutation against Parkes. It was adopted by par- liament, and the motion adopting it acted upon by the governor of the day (Lord Belmore) forwarding a copy of it to the Secretary of State for the colonies in London. Yet in spite of this terrible exposure, which still stands recorded against him, notwithstanding that he managed by a snatch party vote to have the record expunged, Parkes, after a quarter of a century, has the consummate and callous audacity to resuscitate these exploded charges, and to attempt to resur- rect the " Kiama Ghost," by declaring his belief that they are true. O'FARRELL'S MADNESS. The question of O'Farrell's madness can be disposed of in a few brief words. In the first place, the conception of his crime, and the sensational manner in which he attempted to carry it out, in the midst of thousands of onlookers, pre- supposes madness or weakness of intel- lect bordering on lunacy. This idea develops almost into a certainty when it is borne in mind I that O'Farrell was a confirmed drunkard, drinking to such ex- cess and with such persistency as to be practically a dipsomaniac. Then again his absurd diary, with its childish and sensational entries, together with the ready way in which he fell into Parkes' snare for revealing a Fenian conspiracy and denouncing conspirators who never existed, constitute prima facie evidence of insanity. But the question of O'Farrell's state of mind is placed beyond all cavil and shadow of doubt by the evidence adduced at his trial, notably by his sisters from Melbourne; who, while testifying to their wretched brother's long-continued habits of intemperance, admitted that he was always considered half mad, and that there was an hereditary taint of insanity in the family. The probability is that O'Farrell was an hereditary lunatic, be- cause fully twenty years after his execu- tion — not more than six years ago — one of his brothers, who twice attempted to assas- sinate Dr. Goold, the late Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne, was found to be insane, and as such has been confined to a lunatic asylum ever since. Yet in the face of this accumulated testimony as to his insanity, Parkes has the cold- blooded effrontery to declare that the un- happy wretch was sane. In this way does Parkes "make Australian history." — Sydney Freeman. 