OLD-TIME COASTERS AND THEIR CAPTAINS. A correspondent writes:-"The death of Captain Hampton removes, untimely, one more of our brave phalanx of coasting-steamer cap- tains-of the men who, on the dark midnight bridge, have faced the stormy seas and gales of East Australia for decade after decade till the majority of them are not here, but have be- come 'hands that have vanished and voices that are still.' What a review it is to look back to them since 1850! Not one of them has written a book, but what tales they could have told us of dark nights and high seas, and lonely watches, howling gales, and slippery decks ; dimly seen headlands and faintly blink- ing lighthouses all too far apart; scores of sleeping passengers, ladies, and children below decks, their lives in the hands of the man on the bridge, for voyage after voyage. How the list of names now begins to swell up. Gilmore of the Shamrock, Puckley of the Emma, Mulhall and Isaac Warner (who died up North), Wm. Bell of the Yarra and Benjamin Paddle; Moodie and Clinch in the far back years, Champion and Hirst, Brookes and Battery, and more of them all as dead as Neatby and Green are, and if I did not mention Lake and Cottier before it is not because they do not date from the earliest time, but because they, unlike Knight of the Waratah, O'Reilly and M'Lean, are still with us, and this again carries one back to the me- mory of the pleasant old 'boats' whose bunks have rested us and their saloon mirrors re- flected our faces and those of our (now grown up and married) sons and daughters when they came home from Sydney for the Christ- mas holidays as children in the fifties and sixties. Old boats whose 'bones' now lie on the beaches and oyster banks, the City of Sydney, the Prince of Wales, the Cawarra, the Telegraph, Yarra Yarra, and Wotonga, Cheviot, and the Ly-ee-Moon ; they, all ghosts now, with the Dandenong and Keilawarra (which sunk out at sea), could, it they were able to speak, tell us whole volumes of early Australian life, and history, and progress. Farewell old skippers! farewell old steamers! our globe ever waltzes on to the flat of that dread, resistless, unheard music, which bids all things move, pass on, change, and be forgotten in their turn, and each yearly round that is completed marks more and more gaps in the ranks of the brave sea band that faced the ground swell, and the southerly current, and the lee shore of our unlighted const on this mighty eastern sea- face of big Now Holland, which looks out on the widest ocean stretch on our planet." 