THE REV. C. SPURGEON. SERMONS ON CHRISTIAN LIFE. There was a crowded attendance at the Flinders-street Baptist Church on Sunday morning, when the Rev. Charles Spurgeon con-<*> ducted the service. He took as his text X. Corinthians, it., 57—"Thanks be to God whioh giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." Viotory was one of the choicest words whioh had been given them. They were all soldiers of the Cross, and though it might appear to be contradictory there waa no phrase more true than that that made the ■oldiers of Ghost the most valiant of men. Mr. Sptugeon related bow on one ocaasion he bad been on a pastoral visit to a house in •Greenwich when a young man bad burst into the room crying oat "All right, mother, I Itave won it." This young man had oomehome to tell bis mother of his having won a stiff medioal examination, and the preacher continued that he himself felt so pleased in the Joy of that mother and son that he could have danced in mere exuberance of spirit. The toy had won one of the first approaches of his higher mental oultura, and in order to do that ne had to pot himself under self restraint, and had so won a fight with himself. If a man was desirous of obtaining a thing he must be diligent. To some men riches came easily, -*nd from each they went away quickly. That whioh was worth attaining was worth waiting for. They mu?t fight to win their •purs on the battle-field of life, and he who was a feather-bed Christian was a poor Chris tian indeed. It was the soldier whose armor was jjMimftfeifnca broken in fcbe press of tihs battle who came forward the more of ten to wear the garments of conquest. He who had seen most of suffering, and had passed through the dint of conflicts, was the proudest hero. He spoke from the experience gained daring the past two years, an experience that had been very bitter. They could not have the lamb taken from the flock without feel ing the keenest pain and wrenches at the Btoutest heart strings. He did not. how ever, wish them to think bo much about the conflicts as about the conquests in the field of religions fight. The struggles were forgotten in the happiness of attaining the crown of vio tory. Onoe he had looked at the map showing the plan of the British operations dnring the Soudan campaign. The line of their track was marked from place to place, and on name points two cross-swords were sketched. jTheee marked the places where battles had dean fought, and he was Briton enongh to feel riad battles had been won by the British arms. JDid not they think it might sometimes be as ■veil to mark the spot where a spiritual viotory had been (riven them with the help of Jesus Christ. When they had doubts, let them hold on to the teachings of Jeans Christ. TTig own battle had been a bitter fight and had been hardly fought and won at the paint of cold steel. No doubt they could all tell of similar experiences, and they oould also unite in returning thanks to God who gave them the viotory. In order to conqner in the outside world in the general battle, let them look to themselves and purify their own hearts. Let them be the first to cast the stone at " self," who was so difficult to deal with because he was each a nice fellow and one knew him co well and did not like to wound him. It was hard to strike him, but if they meant to win the viotory they most not spare self. They must fight and fight on till victory was assured. In the evening Mr. Spnrgeon preached to a congregation whioh entirely filled the Town Hall, large numbers of persons being refused admission. Among those present were the Beys. W. B. Fletcher, W. E. Rice, James XUkford, \V. F. James, C. H. Goldsmith, and R. Martin. He took his text Ifrom the Gospel of St. Mark iv. 3G— f •'And when they had sent away themulti • tude they took him even as he was in the ship. And there were also with him other little ships." Christ had betn teaching by the seaside, and there had gathered round "Him a great multitude, to whom He had been : preaching in a manner that interested all. The f people wished Him to go on, but His disciples 'took him in a?hipand carried Him away; but *he people loved Him so that they went after fTTim, men and women in other boats, and were prepared to do anything to get more of the ■good Word. If there were any among the ; people there that evening who wanted Cnrist •let diem not rest until they had found Him; Jet them keep their enthusiasm warm until -they had attained that end, for surely they flwonld find that He was worth the trouble. If la man thought the love of Jesus was worth , having he would surely not rest till he had launched out his frail skiff, and if he was steadfast, no matter how raging the billows v or how fierce the wind he would reach the "haven of peace and safety. There was onoe a .cultivator of orchids who spent £8,000 upon t*wo shipments of plants and roots, and out of these he only got two little pieces of .leaf and twig; bat he was satisfied, and fhe had confidence and trust; and (finally he recouped himself several times jover for his outlay. That man had fcrnst in the end for which he was working. They also should have trust, and surely the Boee of Sharon, the Idly of the Valley, were worth seeking after; and when they found the 1 Saviour they would find peace indeed. Bisks •and penis they must be prepared to encounter. There must be no carpet knights in the cavalry ,of the Lord, bat they must be clothed from 'head to foot in the fall panoply needful for the fight. When he was in a commercial office jin the old country word had gone round Jathat he was a Christian man, but he : was proud of it, and he found that he was Dever bullied because he was a Christian man. Once when Out walking he had met an old pugilist who had asid to him, " I will give you ;?he straight tip, it may come in useful to you 'one day; always (rive him the first blow, that's L*he one that tells." This advice, Mr. Spurgeon eaid, he had always followed out, an excellent advice he found it when fighting with the • devil; if a man stood true to his God and his f convictions he was bound to win. Mr. 'Spnrgeon concluded his address with some striking allegories. 