: BY THE MAS ABOUT TOWN, "Please ask the Governor to come to our show," wrote a North-Western Show Secretary the other day to the local member. With his usual courtesy, the Governor was willing to go. "Is it good enough ?'* wired back the cautious member, -and then it . was found that it wo^d cost some thirty pounds to give the vidtdr jBBuiUable wee^jton.* : On tftisfonowad It's a terrible thing sometimes to be a representative of royalty. Thé Viceroy of Ireland bas many consolations. He can loss the youthful debutantes at his court, and If some be a trifle off color in the way of youth, they are proportionately grateful- Even the Viceroy of India can get ; away to the Hills, and the diversions of Simla are of an exciting, not to say spicy, order. But out in Australia a Governor has sometimes a sultry time of it. He generally a large stock of orders on hand for opening buildings, bazaars, etc. He is expected to say something new about anything at the ehortest notice, and to be widely interested in everything from ensilage to calisthenics or esoteric B addhism He has frequently to travel long distances with members of Parliament ! He has a larger visiting book than any other citizen, and, consequently, is more frequently bored. But the unkindest out of all must be when he has to read what it costs to entertain him. * * * » in the present stâteof affairs j it "wasn't good Of course, the show authorities axe quite right in bang careful of the members' funds, but they might have left the Governor out of it until they had made up their minds. It isn't customary to ask à man to dine with you, and then let him know what it costs you. » * * * Here s a paragraph from a leading London newspaper, the "Daily News":—"On the occasion of a recent theatre party given by the bon. W. A. Zeal, President of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, the whole of the stalls and dress circle of the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, was reserved for the guests, who included some prominent members of society as well as politicians." Sorely a paragraph this full of points ! Rather sets the example in style for colonial f w o e h writers. If Mr Zeal had been made the President of the New South Wales Legislative Council it would not have been so But a Speaker usually presides in the which the term Assembly is applied n ary Parliamentary system. Again, it is nteresting to hear that "many prominent embers of society were present, as well as oliticians.'' The implied distinction be ween the former and the latter class in his remarkable paragraph suggests reflecion of a far more serious character than hose provoked by its appallingly mixed eogrgaphy. * * * * It is interesting to notice the amount of ender solicitude manifested with regard to Sir Henry Norman's unexpected appointment. Now, if anyone is likely to be completely educated with regard to affairs Indian, it certainly should be a man who has spent the greatest part of his life in India in the dual capacity of soldier and diplomatist. Yet certain aristocratic circles in England and India profess to be agitated lest tbe new Viceroy should not be capable of dealing firmly with such important questions as may arise. Had the Gladstone Government appointed to the undoubtedly difficult office, Bay, the head of one of the noble families in England, with an experience limited to Downing street and St. James', would there have been such anxiety? I- trow not: The only parallel which occurs to me at the moment is the picture of a number of elderly spinsters cautioning a successful bookmaker against risking his money on the turf, while the callow youth passes by to plunge on a dead bird. Thero is a powerful flavor of hypocrisy and jealousy in the pitying, doubting congratulations tendered to the gallant old soldier who, if his record be any criterion of his quality, should be well qualified to deal with the possible dangers which menace our Indian Empire. By the way, a Russian paper has expressed an opinion on this subject which ought not to be wholly overlooked. * • * * The Metropolitan Board of WorkB ought to have painted a colored window, designed after the idea of the familiar Pears' Soap advertisement. One pane ought to represent the poet, philosopher, "-financier, Fitz Gibbon stretching forth his hand to reach an inaccessible loan, and be marked with the legend •'He won't be happy till he gets it;" and the second pane ought „to represent the same dear old Fitz holding up the coveted prize, " Now he's got it !" Of course, Mr Fitz Gibbon would never consent to be painted naked, like the little boy in the pictare, but that could be overcome, I dare say. Everyone is glad he has got it. He deserved it. interest in the sewerage question is so deep and real. And, by the way, it is not true, I am authorised to say, that the bard has written an epic poem, " To a Main Sewer," dedicated to Councillor M'Mahon. There are some points about being a ghost. : Ghosts go where they like, haunt whom they please, don't pay any income-tax, are not worried about politics, do not have their money locked up in reconstructing banks, and don't even have rows about their washing bill, because the fluttering robes they wear never want washing. Better still, if you are a ghost, you have solemn, learned people exciting themselves in tbe investigation of von. The study of ghosts is, in fact, one of the most absorbing pursuits on the cards. Mr W. T. Stead, with his wonderfully shrewd eye for the business side of things, has even established a spooky magazine called "Borderland,'* abont -which everything is to be ghostly, except the profits. Jjastof ^alj.nnumbe^of gmtlemenin Melbourne, compris- ! Log Mr Astronomer Ellery, Professr Laurie, Dr Syme,Dr Strong and ProfeBSor M* Alpine, of the Government Botanist's department, have formed the nucleus of a Melbourne Psychical Research Society, which is shortly to bepublicly floated. I understand that it is to sit for the collection of evidence, like the Sweating Board (there is a shocking lot of "sweating'' where the ghoBts come from !) and ghosts are to be called as witnesses. I am sure and hope they will be successful. » ! « F * At present I Tegard so-called "familiar spirits" as being considerably under proof,'' but I have an open mind on the subject. I trust the Society will give particular attention to Australian native spooks, bnnyips, "an* sich." They have never been properly investigated by psychical students, and there is no reason why an Australian bunyip shouldn't be as good as, say, an Irish banshee, or an old En glish. family spectre. In fact, if the native article does not get justice done, I shall, with the editor's permission, use this column for conducting ar agitation in favor of taxing im> ported spirits and protecting the local article, and lor having the former stamped, as is proposed to be done with Chinese furniture. So just let Mr .Ellery and Professor Laurie look out ! * • * * The evils of the opiom-habit, have they not been told by thousands of ontoia add initias 'who—never knew what it was. A De Qcdncey is not found at every street coraPBy anditis npt easy to imitate his " connsions." Of course, it ismy plainduty to believe that both tobaooo and opinm shorten people's lives. Occasionaly one dq£s | indeed come , across a hard I a man, for instance, hale andbearty at eighty or ninety, who has smoked and chewed tobaooo from boyhood. Once, too, I reoollect, when in virtual quarantine, a woman oLover eighty,who bad volunteered aid to the sick when younger nurses were not to be obtained, sat down with SOB before th fire each evening, and we mingled our respective clouds . of tobacco smoke. So far as I know, she is alive yet, and always enjoys her pipe. But what of a case just reported by Mr E. H. Parker, who has been writing to the English papers about the mines in Bannah. Mr Parker says :—" At the second mine there is an old Chinese patriarch ; he is 75 years of age, and has bean 40 years in the country, smoking opium steadily all the time. He keeps a drug shop, and seems to be very much respected in the neighborhood." No wonder. That man has earned a title to respect. One who can smoke opium steadily for 40 years might fairly be regarded as establishing a record in his own particular line. Hard cases are said to make bad laws. Unquestionably the case of that ancient Celestial plays the deuce with some cherished notions. Some queer stories are afloat in the Runnymede district," writes a correspondent, " with reference to the Jorgensen episode. Among others, it is rumored that a newly - married lady intends to .take divorce proceedings «gainst her bu^andj^tfe^TO^ •on "one 'occasion when she—the wife— was in ill-health he slept in the same room as Miss Jorgensen." If the wives of all the men who may have happened to occupy the same room as Miss Jorgensen, during her career in masquerade, elect to take the same view as the lady alluded to, there will be trouble. 