PROBLEMS OF THE ANTIQUARIANS. WHO FIB8T DISCOVERED THE WHEEL ? There is a question which constantly haunts the Antiquarian mind like aghoBt in an old house. That question is, how did trifling matters—a song, a story, a game, a toy—come to be scattered widely among the moBt remote and ignorant peoples ? In the case of customs and ot myths we may often deem that the miad of man reacts alike to the same impulses from nature or from human needs. An ancestor of Gibbon, who was a herald and had been Bine Mantle, retired to America in the 17th century, and there he found heraldic bearings among the red men of Virginia. The savage dancers " were painted, some' party per pale,' «gul,' and ' sab,' some ' party per fesse' of the same colours," whence Edward Gibbon inferred that "heraldry was ingrafted naturally into the sense of the human race.' That is, heraldry is an " innate idea." AB Mr. Max Muller remarks in his new volume of " Lec" turesoa Theosophy," we can no longer accept this theory of innate ideas and of "party per te," or creBts, as ready-made ports of the human intellect. Certain arrangements of colors, certain indications of lineage by crests* are attractive and convenient; so they have been adopted everywhere. It is more puzzling when we find what is called in India the "avastika," a cross with legs at right angles to the main limbB, not only existing as a sacred emblem in India, but carved on stones in South America, Th's does not seem to have an obvious original meaning as a symbol. Is it merely an ornamental design to which the Indian mind later attached a sacred sense. It is found on pottery from His'arlik, Dr. Schliemann'a Tioy, and on old Mexican pottery. If it is only a piece of decoration, like the Greek key pattern and wave pattern, also found in old Peru, we may perhaps decide that the human miad naturally hits on some simple patterns, like the spirals of Mycenean art, frand also in the ruined pakce of Euenaten, in Egypt, and in New Zsaland and Celtic art. We can cooceive that the pattern spread from Egypt to Greece and thence to the Norsemen and the Celts, but we can scarcely imagine that it was carried in prehistoric timeB to Ne* Z island. Again, Mr. Tylor has traced an Oriental form of backgammon to Mexico, and we cannot be certain whether a rather complicated game reached America from Asia, or was independently invented by the Aztecs; A very curious example of this class of prob lem has been discovered by E. S. Morse, and is published in The Bulletin of the Essex Institute (Salem, MasB) In the Ashmolean Museum at Oxford may be seen an old Egyptian toy found by Mr. Flinders Petrle in the cemetery of Hawara; it is engraved in his work on Hawara, Beafamu, and Arainoe, cities of the Fayoum The cemetery of Hawara is only about as old as our era, which is modern for Egypt. The toy is of wood, and represents a bird on wheels. In the neck is a hole, through which a string was tied, and some child of Hawara led his toy about by the string. Tnis is not a very obviouB kind of toy, for the movement of wheels is not like the hop of a bird. In modern toy-shops dogs set on wheeled boards are common. In the Egyptian example there is no board, but the wheels are under the wings and level with the body. The Egyptians, of course, as a civilised people, had for thousands of years been familiar with wheels, and the toy, though rare in kind, has nothing to arouse curiosity But it is another matter when Mr. Morse dis covers a precisely similar Aino toy, probably some 2000 years old. The Ainos are a peculiarly hairy race, who have a fable that they are des' cended from bears, which they igaorantly worship. They are, or very lately were, savages in a low grade, and with wheels they have noacquainfr ance any more than Liddesdale had before Scott drove the first dogcart through the region, Mr. Morse decides that the bird, which be engraves, is not of Japanese work—the wheels have the peculiarity of being " irregularly ovate, rather than circular." The hole for the string is in the tail, and the irregular wheel makes the bird hop when it is dragged. Here, then, we find a rare form of Egyptian toy, about SO A.D and at the ends of the earth, among the hairy Ainos, a similar toy, remarkable for possessing wheels, otherwise unused by the Ainos. The problem is, has the pattern filtered far East in some unknown manner, or has it been independently invented, wheels and all, by some Aino genius, who never carried his valuable invention any fnrther ? NEW VISE DISEASES ACT—The election trader the Act for the board of the Cumberland district will take place on 'Saturday. There are nine candidates, five of whom are to be elected. In connestion with the complaint by Corowa recently that proper notice waa not received by the rinegrowera there, and that Albury reaped an advantage, a report has been received from the warden, who was the return' tag officer, stating that full imformatiQ^ on the irbole ntattet was given at Oorowa, 