RICHMOND RIVER ECHOES. WHAT an American humorist would call first-class crimes are, fortunately, very rare occurrences in the Richmond district, and when they do eventuate, the scene of per petration is generally in those localities where cane cutters most do congregate for the purpose of "refreshing" themselves with libations that awoken murderous instincts. Murderous assaults and kindred cases usually come from the Tweed, or from a small radius around Broadwater. The secluded little hamlet of Newrybar known to most people only as the site of a butter factory has con- tributed a sensational case of serious crime, and on Friday last a man named James Mac- donald was committed by the Ballina Bench to take his trial at the next Grafton Circuit Court, on a charge of shooting at, with intent to murder, the wife of Mr. James Hogan (brother of the M.P.) The chief parties in the drama are selectors whose farms adjoin. It appears that some little disagreements existed between Macdonald and Hogan probably of the irritating kind which cause so many people who are only divided by a fence to thirst for each other's gore. Mac- donald had a grievance of a special kind, which consisted of a suspicion that the Hogan's had assisted in getting him removed from one of those snug Government billets occupied by people known generally in coun- try parts as " mainlaynancc men." That, of course, is only his version of his griefs and injuries, and hardly supplies a sufficient motive for homicide. Wim these troubles rankling in his minti, Macdonald appears to have made np his mind -which is said to be, somewhat unsteady in balance-to make thingslively for the Hogans. In order to achieve this little scheme, he pro- ceeded to Hogan's farm, and meeting Mrs. Hogan, at once dclared his intention- accord- ing to tito evidence-of,making ghosts of the "whole lot." He then fired at Mrs. Hogan with a revolver, and with such success that a bullet passed right through one of her breasts. Hogan then appeared on thu scene, and was promptly informed that lie was to be . the next target for pistol practice. Probably, thinking that one of his family wits sufllcient he dodged behind a stump, while his son went to the house ful- a gun. Singularly enough, it does not appear that thc mau with the revolver attempted to interfere with this move, and tim gun was brought to Hogan, who fired at Macdonald, lodging about thirty small shot in his face and other parts. Mac- donald "then left"-as a newspaper report tersely, if somewhat humorously, puts it. The police were, sent for, and Macdonald-with his cargo of small shot-wits taken to .Ballina, whence he left foi; your city. TUB big event of New Year's Day was most undoubtedly the meeting of the Coraki J. C., and Corakiiuts may well feel proud of the success of that meeting. The inducements in the programme arranged by the Club were alluring" enough to attract numerous entries, and tho racing was so good as to elicit favorable comments from the hugo concourse of visitors who mustered, accord- ing to various estimates, to the number of ono thousand or twelve hundred. The ar- rangements were very carefully made, and those on the racecourse bad only one solid grievance--the weather. That, however, was not so obviously hud as it was in some other parte of the district, and was not bad enough to interfere with the sport, if it made tile outing less pleasant to the public than it would have been otherwise. Coraki was genuinely cit fit«, and has never previously opened its arms-this is metaphorical-to take so many people to its hospitable bosom, and-take their money. Up and dbwn river people were represented by a good many hundreds of holidaymakers, who defied wind and rain to attend a most successful meet ing. LISMORE alone sont over six hundred visitors, who hud a somewhat rough, if not perilous, voyage in the. Tomki. This historical craft, which has hail à somewhat checpiered career, was generously placed at the disposal of the committee of. the rather consumptive School of Arts, in order that funds might be raised to brace up the e.ufeebled constitution of that institution. 'Whether the ¡COO acquired by tho committee through the excursion will enable the School of Arts to emerge from its' comatose condition, is a problem too severe to wrestle with so soon after the holidays. Unfortunately, the weather was very unplea- sant; rain and wind combining to spoil the enjoyment of all but tho youthful turtle doves who were, of course, oblivious to everything but the sweet sublimity of being able to furtively emulate those ecstatic people described by Byron, whoso "eyes looked love to eyes that spake again." Tho boat ran upon a sandspit soon after leaving Lismore, but the Captain and crew behaved with "admirable coolness and presence of mind," and averted a panic, lioats wore not lowered, and it is not on record, that excited people rushed frantically Co provide themselves with life belts. The Tomki was got off, and lemon- side was quaffed serenely, as if nothing had happened. A CURIOUS incident occurred, on the return trip. The Tomki was advertised to leave Coraki after the first race. Those who did not stay for that event7wera all on board and waited for nearly 7 an hour, bub the race was delayeti considerably, and those who saw it out found, on hurrying to the wharf, that the steamer had. cast otf and was about to steam away without them. On seeing the boat stop for about- ten minutes, they felt re-assured ; but as she again commenced to cleave the limpid water of the Richmond, they perceived that they were .* had." Then there were wild gesticulations and discordant noises, in which prayers and curses ; were mingled in thu most bewildering confusion. But tho Tomki held on her way-by order of some SO-ton School of Arts gun, it is said and an infuriated crowd of a hundred persons (if not more) remained behind to explore the resources of the Uiigl/sh language for fresh and overwhelming samples of "ornamental profanity." . Gentlemen wiio " run "- the phrase is misleading, and should be "creep" -on "educational" institution, should know that to leave people behind who had paid for their passage was to encourage sinfulness of speech, and-thirst. Tho left ones luckily managed to reach home hythe river steamer. NOT the least interestinr; of the holiday events was the visit of your cricketers to the river. Their match with the Lismore " Per- severance" Club was one of the finest, if not finest, exhibition of cricket ever seen on the Richmond. Tho spectators enjoyed that exhibition immensely, but wera disappointed that thc match was not played out as in- tended. Both teams played splendidly, and if the Clarence cricketers liad, gone on with the unfinished^ match and been defeated, they could have felt no humiliation, as thc Perse- verance club is one of the strongest country clubs in Ute colony. - Thc hope .was - gener- ally expressed that Ute cricketers'of the two rivers'would meet .more frequently in the ; future, and after doing their level best in the ¡ field, fraternise as kindred spirits should do. Every genuine cricketer on the, Richmond was delighted to see such a strong team of good players-and good fellows-as you sent us. NKW Year's Day at Lismore was an excep- tion to the general dismal case nf things at holiday times. It had actually two "real live" attractions in thc shape of a handicap rifle match for a number of valuable prizes, and a cricket match. The former was organ- ised by the Reserve Rifle Corps, of which Mr. CONLY DICKEY is the popular captain, and was carried out in spite of the most adverse weather. There were eighteen prizes, and nearly fifty entries. " All day long the noise of battle rolled," notwithstanding that the wind blew and the rain descended in a vicious manner. We may surely pride ourselves on ourplnck. The "sbootist" who will go ont to a range and lie on his- commissariat depart- ment-to fire at a target that is occasionally invisible, on account of pouring rain, is an enthusiast who deserves a monument in the shape of a paid up life policy. It may be easily assumed that no phenomenal shooting was recorded except that of the. winner of a pig given for the lowest score. This-tho man's-performance was phenomenal. A CRICKET match was also played between tho Perseverance club and visitors, from Casino. It was a one-sided game, the local team winning with the greatest ease. Just at its close, tho fire alarm sent a thrill through all who heard it. A strong wind was blowing, and the fact flashed across every mind that if tho outbreak was a serious one, tile resources of the well-equipped and well- manned brigade would bo taxed to the utmost. Such was the case. ? Tho fire oc- curred in the dwelling-house of Mr. JAMES WOTIIERHPOOX, of North Lismore, and m a few minutes obtained a very Arm grip. At the timo the wind was blowing at half a gale strength, and the Hames were fanned furi- ously. Outsiders saw no hope of saving tho building ; but the Brigade men, with their assistant volunteers, fought " tooth and nail," and to the astonishment of the many people present, managed to save most of tho carcase of the building. RESIDENTS of Lismore have lost a familiar figure in the person of an individual who is about lo visit Grafton, and take up his resi- dence there- for a time, at least. Thc person referred to is one of the saddest spectacles one could set eyes on. Years ago he was a prominent member of one of the "first families;" was a smart and able leader in all public affairs, and a man of promise. FitfilU dcHCcnnuH Averill! Thoso who do not remember tile old times, only know tho person I am referring to as a pitiable speci- men pf humanity, who spent his days in wandering aimlessly about the streets, speak- ing to none, and being spoken to by none. A human derelict, clad--save the mark !-in rags that made one feel sick, and which scarcely covered him. On account of old associations, tho police left him to go his ways; sleeping mouth after month in tho' saino rags under iv floor, and feeding-tho curtain must lie drawn at that ! But it was considered necessary, owing to .numerous complaints, to take some action, and he has been sent to Grafton for a mouth, on a charge of having "no lawful and visible means of support." THE lull that succeeds a holiday time is almost depressing, and there is very little to record from any part of the district except storms, sonia of which- especially on Cooper's Creek - have, been attended with serious damage. Tho weather has been simply exe- crable in its changing moods of transient sunshine and fitful storms. The most egre- gious egotist of a weather prophet'will not venturo to say what tho weather will bc for moro than about ten minutes. 