tapiautf Studies' (Chiefly Australian). By Gaunkt Wai.,o.u. No. 2. The Inner Working of an Australian Theatre. Easy Chairs at a Discount—AJuvknilk Manauer .—No Show fob Satan—Where this Ghost Walks—SfooooieriiANi:)—Profs a no Company —Other Officers of the Army Dramatic— The Rank and Pile—The Commander-in Chief. A piece of otherwise excellent comic verse, which I cut out of a Sydney paper many years ago and pasted into my commonplace book, begins with a line showing that the author was by no means con versant with the inner working of an Australian theatre. " The manager sate in his easy chair," writes this sou of Momus. Now no manager worth his salt, this side of the line at any rate, ever does sit in an easy-chair. He would scorn to use such an article, even if he allowed it to be in his office for the comfort of others. But then, again, the Australian manager does not encourage others to seek comfort in his sanctum. If ever there was a place where the motto of the modern man of affairs, " State your business, transact your business, and go about your business," fits as its epidermis fits the gentle sausage it is this same managerial sanctum, office, den, call it what you will; but comfort, ease, and all such " sleepy- headedness," to freely translate a suitable Teutonic expression, are none of its attributes. So thoroughly is this recognised in and about a proporly-conduoted theatre that the very " babes and sucklings " are aware of it. I was Avaiting once at my friend Dampier's house, having called extra early, while my .then collaborator Avas Avorshipping the groat god Tub, and, "before mo sported on the green," or, rather, played oil the carpet, Master Freddie Uaihpier, the six-year-old hope of the Darapier dynasty. Freddie Avas busy Avitli a toy theatre, in Avh'ich he kept submitting fresh ."sots" for my apiiroval, for it Avas a rehearsal " Avitli scenes and props." At last he stopped suddenly, puckered up his brows Avitli thought and beckoned to me mysteriously. "What's the matter, Freddie," quoth 1\. " Come this Avay " lie said, jumping up aud lead ing me tAvo or three paces further cIoavii the room, "I'm the manager you knoAv, and I can't call out to you right across the theatre—noAV Ave're in my office —Fin busy, always.busy (like Pa," he put in paron thetically^r^bub lAyant to..talk about the next piece. Now L flpky^61'ns'most'ii?ys^eriously, Avith a glance round to'- thrice sitrje of bulv'privacy—"I finlc Ave'li liavt hli Star in the pib£e^ tumble iu the AvalbV'.^the"reader can fix the date of this conversation pretty-closely as coinciding Avith Dr, Carver's appearance at the Alexandra—" lie can save somebody, and I'll shoot a lot of Indians, and mind you make plenty of funny parts, and"—hero the entrance of Pa, in propria persona, put an end to our consultation, and the " very busy " little manager returned to the stage to continue his rehearsal by. ringing a little boll and calling out "third not, please," quite in the approved fashion of the. full sized theatre, from Avlience he derived his Inspira tion. " Busy, very busy," is indeed the Manager's con stant cry, Satnn—supposed by certain people to take theatres and their tenants specially under his control—has small ohanoe Avith the latter on the sooro of Idleness. He Avould find more opportunity at a lovo-foast, a ten-meeting, or even an Assembly of parsons. My last article gave a brief outline of some of the matters likely to occupy a portion of the Maiui : ger's time, and to those might be added many more, 1 did I Avlsh to complete a aataloguo of his duties—and ^ ; those of liis private secretary Avliom lie lias over at j lits side when "in residence," as they say ut Gk>voru7i InioutHousoj but I leave him now, though not idle,, land not—certainly not In an "easy chair," „ | *,Sjj0oluUy wrhitou tor '.I'.iinm Taw;.™ Ah rlfedhu itymrvetUvi; Next in importance to the Manager and his office, from a commercial point of view—come the Treasurer and his department. Here are kept the various books dealing with receipts and expenditure, the individual accounts with salaried people, tradesmen, etc.-the great bulk of these settled weekly—the accounts with " stars" on " sharing terms" and with agents and authors, the latter figuring less frequently than middlemen who deal in the dramatic brain- market—from here are issued the orders for the vast variety of material required in the other departments yet to come under our notice; the subsequent "bills of parcels,'" as Ave used to call them at school, being here checked and counter checked after being vised by the actual consumers ; here the nightly cash taken at the doors is counted and tallied with the money-takers' returns, these again being compared, to a shilling with the "checks" handed by the purchasers to the "check-takers," and placed by them in boxes locked and subsequently unlocked in this office j here the said " checks" are sorted in running numbers every morning and placed in so many hundreds ready for the money-talc or, and accompanied by a " docket " setting forth full particulars ; here most of the people employed on the stage and in and about the theatre are paid in cash weekly every recurrent "Treasury" morning, signing their names as having "received salary in full to date," without any figures being visible to inquisitive eyes; here, in brief, everything that has to do Avith the in-coming or out-going of money is rigorously sorutinisedj and here, too, the Aveekly statements of other theatres elseAvhere under the same manage . ment, and of companies on tour, but connected with this, the headquarters, are incorporated Avith the general ledger, so that Profit and Loss can be balanced almost at any moment, and " Capital" and " Partnership " accounts, if any partnership exists, be adjusted Avith a promptitude that Avould astonish many merchants priding themselves on their method of book-keeping. Summarising the foregoing— surely the longest sentence I ever Avrote in my life — it may fairly be said that in no business involving such a constant drain of cash, and such sudden " recoups" in the case of treble and quadruple ventures of the nature above alluded'to, dealing with thousands of pounds Aveekly, can the fingers of the principals be so immediately placed upon the pulse of the Avhole concern as in the case of our typical Australian theatre. Passing on to some of the lighter and less "vital;" though still very Important departments, let us ncx t visit the Paint Loft, lisually a huge platform at a considerable height from the stage, io and from which the great oanvases technically termed " cloths" are raised and loAvered by suitable machinery so as to bring each portion of the " cloth" to the required level. The cloths, made of so many Avidths of canvas sewn stoutly together, and hanging from a long top piece of timber known as a " batten," are prepared as to their surfaces by the process styled "priming," and are then ready for the Scenic Artist. This gentleman and his assistants, working by day in the best painting light that oan be compassed by means of special Avindows, and at night under the glare of scores of gas jets, proceed to transform the "primed cloth" into the scene, or rather the background of the Boene it is to represent, "Avings," "boxdors," " groixnd pieces," " set pieces," &o;„ being nddod to fill in the sides, top and bottom of the stage, and, aided by the magic of carefully arranged electric or lime lights, forming those effective pictures for whioli Messrs. Henuings, Gordon, Bruntou, Goatoher, Spong, Grist, Clint, Little, Wilson, Tisclibauor, at id genus emno, are called fomvard to roceivo the thun derous plaudits of a oroAvdod house. Most of the scenes for the latest comic operas and melodramas of the Sims-oim- Pottitt or Meritt-uirm Harris type are painted from English models made exactly to scale, the scheme of oolour being also indicated, and tlxero is therefore nob so much loft to the innate genius of'the artist as used ,to ho the ease m the days Avhon, for instance, all that "our Hennings" had as a basis for some of liis most exqui site "sets" was an old black and white engraving or a sketoh of his OAvn made on" the spot. .[. have whiled away many uu hour in Hennings's paint loft in these Bald "good days of old"—as, indeed, I have in many otherpaiut-roomsolsexvhoro—myself the only really idle man in the theatre—and have seen him commence upou a uoAvly primed oloth one morning,' working with suoh faoile rapidity as to bo able to show jjje the completed scene at the same hour,next clay. But this, of course, was only where broad effects were to be gained, without frequent reference •to sketches or models, and where none of those measurements had to be made which are essential in some cases—architectural scenes par excmplc. Mr. Gordon is also a rapid worker when rapidity does not moan slurring, but I have seen less of his method than off that of Mr. llennings, and hence I con fine ray remarks chiefly to the latter. A big "set scene" with many details will often demand a week or two to do it justice ; and there was even one Vic torian scenic artist in the "sixties" who used to first "paint in" his scene and then paint it "out," repeating this process occasionally two or three times ; but the beer of the country, I believe, was chiefly account able l'or this, and he has long been in a country con cerning whose brew w.c can get no authentic data, unless the Melbourne Psychical .Research Society will kindly make enquiries in that direction. I have lingered so long in ray pet corner of a theatre, the paint-loft, that I must pass to the next department, that of the Property Master, with a determination not to dawdle amidst his highly interesting collection. u .Everybody knows that from the grotesque masks' at Pantomime time to the spears and swords carried by the soldiers in Shak sperian tragedy, the plaques on the wall in modern society three-act farces, the very snull'-box rapped by My Lord in high comedy, all such portable and movable articles are furnished by the Property Master and his assistants; but everybody does not know, until I tell them, that much of the actual scenery is nowadays oontiubuted by those clever gentry—the gnarled roots of trees, bits of wall, broken or intact, together with other items that will occur to the reader's mind and catch his atten tion when ho next visits a theatre, aro modelled, built out, and then coloured instead of being merely suggested by the cunning of .the scenic artist, and so the chief Property Master in a large theatre is a more important individual than of yore, when his talents were cramped by being confined to much less important productions, down to even the vege tables and fish of tbe-hrtidcqii'rnade " rally." The Meehani^tf^a&teu;^Oafyiehtei'jmnd. assistants, who look after traps" ancl^.'^sliders" in the. stage floor, cut.tin'g nojvf ,opps when required; who arrange the elaborate ;pj,qqhitif$c$l oiVe'Otk for panto mimes, &c.; whp/pvtt.together the frame\vork of " set pieces," " proflle^york,"., prepare ; t'iuj/ battens for cloths, and hang'ltixe .'clbth^ Vqj?pri',d/hem—giving a hand also in scene-shifting—-flU":'ono of the most .useful departments in any theatre, unci aro pretty constantly at -work, day and night, the eight hour movement, by the way, not beiug yet in vogue in Stagelaud, nor do I see how it can vory well bo adi;'l;od. j ..o Gas-man, Liuio and Electric Light Men—the List named becoming daily of more importance for lightning flashes in lieu of those produced by the " lyoopoditun torch," for dazzling ufi'octs in connection with "Rainbow" and "S wpontino" dances, and for those sudden alternations from glare to gloom, during which scenes are changed without lowering a curtain or running on a front scene as of old—these form, if not a department, at least the nucleus of one, while at night the "Elynien" up aloft, and the Gellarmon below, look after the raising and lowering of curtain, drop, cloths, borders, " rises and sinks," traps, &o.; Another important section is the Wardrobe, presi ded over by a Wardrobe Mistress, who at a uiomoufr's notice may gather round her a little army of sowing machinists—and sompscrosses for li md work—while hundreds of yards ol' silks, satins, velvets, plushes, and but little loss oxponslvo material aro purchased and made-up into those exquisite costumes which add so largely to the oostof many productions nowuclays, when tinsel and other shams are no longer tolerated. To the foregoing add Ballet Mistress and Ballet, bho latter moaning any number from a dozen to a dozen dozen j the Chorus Master and Chorus (equally elastio as to numbers), tl>o Super Muster and " Supers," the Conductor and Leader of Orchestra, with the Orchestra itself, the Prompter for dramas, I 11 SutjgtirUure for operas, the ladies and gentlemen of bho company—the whole of those under the control of the stage-manager—the cheek and money takers already referred to, the cleaners and attendants on dressing-rooms, the policemen and ilromen for whom, j it has been seen in a previous nrbioio, the manage ment have to pay, the advance agents, travelling malingers and baggage-masters, indispensable when tours aro undertaken, the .call-boy, the doorkeeper, bho ushers, &o.;, &o.;, and the reader will acknowledge that u theatre in full awing, like a man-of-war in comiuiasion, ia a veritable lmoroooam, an undertak ing which—bo revert 01100 more to the Manager-in Chief or Supremo Boss—requires a cool head, a Arm hand and a big banking uuuouub to " run" suoaewa fully, day in, day out, your after year, in bad times and in good, with a ilukie public and a critical Press to please, and some modicum of profit to bo achieved in compensation for responsibilities und anxieties in numerable, and aa'a toward for overcoming obstacles, before which the average man of business would* stand purnlysod and aghast, [Next week's insbalinunt will deal with "An AuHTUAMAN DUAHA Of TII.M pAO'.l',"] 