i AMUSEMENTS. " HAMLET " AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. In spite of its comparative incompati- bility to the modern idea of the stage function and capability there are theatre goers enough to make a handsome audience for a poetic, philosophic play of the Elizabethan age. This was exemplified last night by the patronage given to the first of Mr. Dampier's "Shakesperian Fridays" at the Theatre Royal, which excellent house was almost packed in every part by people who, no doubt, came to criticise and to com- pare as well as to enjoy. Whatever their object, the majority of those who saw " Hamlet" went away well pleased, and, on J the whole, edified. Sir. Dampier's Hamlet : most .Sydney natrons of the play know. It ncecntuai.es tlic melancholy of the Prince, \'tho dominance of philosophy and imagina lion over action unci impulse, and the .continual complainings of an understanding ; most keenly alive to the disjointedness of the time in which an impotent son was ; vainly called to sweet revenge of the jfoul and most unnatural murder of his ! father. From his own somewhat depressing ; point of view Mr. Dumpier is a consistent : and strong Hamlet. His subdued air and quiet elocution stood him in good stead, too, ;in the famous "advice to the players," while 'the scene with Ophelia was remarkable for i the pathos which the actor achieved in voice i and gesture. Of the other members of the ; cast Mr. Rainford's Ghost had an interest of a specially historical character, for the actor had not been seen in the part since Mr, Fair- clough played the Prince. Mr. Raiiiford'a 'delivery of his one great speech was admirable, though through an error in judging the acoustic properties of the theatre his voice was not easily audible. Miss Rose Dampicr was not a successful Ophelia, the monotony of her in tonation being against her, though she gave evidence of intelligence and good tuition, and was very effective in the mad scene. Mr. i West was a forcible King on somewhat ; ancient lines, Mr. Rolfe a fair Laertes, and : Mr. lladdou an admirable Polonius. Miss 5»Ierton did very well as the Queen, and Mr. ( Lcston, who played the First Gravedigger, was humorous, without being too clownish. Mn the interval between the fourth and fifth nets Facio's "Ophelia March," the score of winch had been lent, by Signor Hazon, was played by the orchestra. Mr. Rignold promises o. revival of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" at Her Majesty's Theatre to-night, such as will fulfil the expectation of people who remember how well he had it staged and played before. -Mr. ltignohl will resume the part of Nick Bottom, the translated village weaver ; Mr. Augustus Glover will be Theseus, Ail. Nor man Lysander, Mr. Kcightlcy Demetrius, Mr. Jlazlctt Kgcus Mr. Kigby Philostrate, Miss ' Lilla Wilde Helena. Miss Rhoda Halkett i Ucrmia, ami Miss Harvie Hippolyta. The amateur actors of the village will be repre sented by Messrs. Stirling Whytc, Sweeney, "Tolano, Ivimoy, and Hareourt; and the people of Brownies land will be led by Miss Watts-IMiillips as Oberon, Miss Hilda Spong as 'L'ltania, Miss Ethel Buckley as Puck, aud Miss Alice ITolbrook as the first singing fairy. Wood sprites by tho Walhalla Brothers. This Dampicr version of " For the Term of His Natural Life" lias always been a popular one. and no doubt its revival at the Theatre Royal to-night will be a welcome one. New scenery has been painted for the occasion, aud the production is to be complete from the stage manager's point of view. The cast of principals is as follows : — Rev. Mr. North, All. Dampicr; Richard Dcvinc (Rufus Dawes), Air. Rolfe ; .John Rex, Air. Brian Eugh.ud ; Maurice Frero, Air. Plirunicr ; Rev. Air. Aleekin, Mr. Harry Lesion ; Qap- tain Viekcrs, Mr. Harford ; Gabbett, Air. J , P- West ; Sylvia, Miss Lily Dampicr ; Sarah Rex. AliSs Katherine Russell ; .Airs. Yickcrs, Miss Raynham; Lady Dcvinc, Aliss Julia .Mcrton. 1 Messrs. Brougli and Boncicault are con tinuing with 44 The Village Priest" the success they achieved with 44 Niobe." The play, one of the strongest and cleverest that ..has been written in recent days, receives full justice at the Criterion Theatre, iitul its popularity—even celebrity — is a gratifying recognition of genuine merit. Tho final performance of "Maritana"at The Lyceum Theatre during the present season was given by the English Opera Company last evening in the presence of a numerous audience. To-night Bizet's opera "Carmen" will bo staged, with : M iss Montague in the namo part, Miss Florence Young, who has specially ' come over from Aiclbourne, as Michuela, Mr. 'Charles Turner as Don Jose, and Mr. Edward FarFby as Escamillo. The produc tion has been made the subject of particular exertion by the Lyceum management, and . it is asserted that the manner of its per fonnance will eclipso the other successes of the season, and rival the reputation of former records. ! M. Wiegand will give the usual popular : organ recital at the Town-hall this evening, when an attractive programme is to be per formed, including Kowalski's effective "March des Elus." The first concert of a series of " populavs " I. will be given at the School of Arts, Pitt- i street, to-night, under the management of .Mr. W. H. Whiddon. The combination of \t artists engaged for the occasion is a strong one. and includes Aliss Colbourne Babcr, Miss Florence Tucketb, Alessrs. W. Walshc and D. Clancy amongst the vocalists, and Aliss Lottie Hymn and Air. G. Rivers All- .press amongst the instrumentalists. Mr. f Harrison White is the accompanist, and the . 1 price of admission is in keeping with the nopular character of tho entertainment. . Tickets are obtainable at all the chief music ; warehouses. Miss Beatrice Griffiths, a3 a native of West s Maitlaud, is organising a grand concert to be . f ivon nt. t.hr> Tnwn-hn.il on Tlmrsdav next ill aid of the New South Wales flood relief fund. i,M. Kowalski and other prominent artists are to appear." A varied attraction will be offered to tho public at the Exhibition Building on Mon day. Tuesday, ami Wednesday, by tho new Horticultural and Pomological Society, tho proceeds of which arc to bo devoted to the Now South Wales flood relief fund. In addition to tho flower, fruit, vegetable and agricultural show of the society, under the supervision of Mr. Rawes-Whittell, the see- . rotary, there will bo extensive musical pro- » grammes submitted. On Alonday, the New 1 South Wales Artillery Band is to perform a ! lengthy series of selections, Mrs. Gifi'ord J Alooro giving a pianoforte recital on Tues- ; day aiternoou, with a miscellaneous concert im the evening, at which the Sydney Guitar ; and Banjo Society will assist. 1 Regarding the entertainment organised by ;thc Cosmopolitan Club, to be givon in the ; Town-hall on May 6, with the object of rais- ,'ing funds to purchase Alons. Leysallo's group '"Rescued from the Floods," it will be re membered that the unveiling of this group was to bo one of tho attractions of the open- air fete recently given by tho members of the j club in Wynyard-squarc Reserve. Unfortu nately, during the transport, the statue got broken into atoms. This, however, has not discouraged 'Alons. Leysallc, and the bcauti- 1 Tul work of art has been reconstructed with out delay. This accident has been for Alons. Leysallc the cause of a serious loss of money .and time, and his friends of the club have come to his assistance. The group will he unveiled in tho hall, where Mods. Leysallc himself will give a proof of his skill in mak ing under the eyes of the public a clay medallion. Al. Kowalski, the president of the club, with tho assistance of all his brother artists, will give a concert. Tho Tivoli Theatre has been crowded every night this weok. To-night Mr. . Rickards oilers a change of programme, Mr. /Wood is to sing in the first part, and in the second contribute "an offering which will interest tho antiquary." Air. Richards will provide ballads from an immense budget, and 'Air. Percy Shannon, Mr. Arthur Farley, Mr. Stevo Anson, Mr. Gilmorc, Mr. Townlcy, Aliss Stanbridge also take part in the onter- rtamment. Aline. Vincent, the violionist,, ' represents music in the Tivoli medley, and 'the Rowdy Dowdy crew," tho Anderson sisters, and four skirt dancers, are other notable participants in a very big bill. 1 Large audiences have patronised tho .Alliumbra Alusic-hall during the week, tho programme, in which Messrs. Billy Emerson, Tudor, and Friedman, Aliss Blanche Young, 'Miss Florrie Fordc, and the Australian team ' take part, having proved exceptionally at- tractive. A new programme will be pre sented on Monday night. The strong variety company who occupy ?ho Opera House under Mr. Barring ton s direction will repeat to- night the programme ; which lias been successful during the week. On Alonday night several new performers will appear — Aliases Amy Harding and Ida 'Tauchert, AITvisson, and Kearns, and Mr. i Percy Clifton, a newly-arrived 'coster im- .pcrsonator. A variety entertainment will be given in the concert- hall at Bond! Aquarium this afternoon. Air. C. ITuenerboin announces a scries of popular concerts at the Centenary-hall, \ork-strcet, the first of which will take 'place on Saturday next. .Special engage- Iments have been effected witli Miss Florrie iSimonscu (sister of Aliss Frances Saville), Aliss Ada Crosslcy, Herr K. MarUt, and Air. O. Shcppard. On Wednesday evening last the Buccaneer Football Club held their first annual smoke concert in the Oddfcllows'-hall, Newtown. The following took part Messrs. Black Brothers, Young, Iddlcs, Jlunlon, Hegarty, Lurke, Lynn, Evans, Morton, Canley, Jar- man, Barker, M4Intyrc, Turton, Winn, and Vial. Air. Williams was accompanist. The entertainment was a success, financial and otherwise. The Emerald Dramatic Club will play " The Colleen Bawn " at the Petersham Town-hall on Tuesday evening, in aid of the poor of the district. The sixth concert under the auspices of At the Gaiebv Theatre this afternoon and to-night tho World's Star Gaiety Minstrel and Burlesque Company will appear iu a minstrel and variety entertaiumcnt. The programme contains the names of over 20 well-known artists on the variety stage, in cluding .Slade Alurray, I'riHciUa Verne, Bertha Fanning, and the sisters Sherwood. A Celtic Fair in aid of the Infants' Home, Ashfiold, will be opened in the Y.M.C.A.- hall. Pitt-street, on Alay 4. by Lady Darley. 44 Tlic Golden Fleece Club was held at the Wool Exchange last night. Members usually confine themselves to a "smoke night," but on this occasion, out of deference to the ladies, a concert on strictly orthodox lines was admitted. That it was successful may be gathered from tho fact that the room was comfortably crowded, the programme sub mitted an excellent one, and tlic arrange ments generally very satisfactory. Vocal items were contributed by Mils. Ratcliffe, Air. A. Sinclair, and Mr. H. Bassetti. Air. R. F. NieholLs also contributed a number (with violin and cello obblignto) which was warmly received. Signora Schiavi was re sponsible for a cello solo, Mr. Ghissforcl Ciync for a first-class recitation, and Mr. J. T. Eld- ridge for a lightning sketch entitled " People we know," a remarkable successful item. The American Banjo Club gave a couple of first-class selections, Aliss Gertrude Suinmerhayes an excellent violin solo, Aliss Starr Rivers and Air. W. J. Stent (who is conductor of the American Banjo Club) a banjo duet, and Dr. W. H. Lauo delighted his hearers with several phonographic selec tions. Air. J. E. Sykcs acted as accompa nist, and in addition gave two piano solos. 