EXPIATION. A STORY OF THE CHILIAN REVOLT. BY F. IV. EVANS, IK Chainlets' Miscelldny. IX TWO CHAPTERS. CHAPTER I.-OoN-TiNtJBD. ('Concluded frotii our hust.) George waited" anxiously. In the j elder uiau'd miud a struggle was going Oil. I Will you give tliis-tins idea this marriage up?' dropped slowly from his lips, and he looked eagerly into his son's face. 4 I cannot-on iny honor, I cannot. It is much too late,' replied George Jirinly. 4 YVould you rather - remain a prisoner ?' j 4 If that i.« the alternative-Yes!' J 4 Will you remain a prisoner until j until some morning you are taken out j and shot?' demanded the Colonel in a low voice of suppressed anxiety. ' What will that profit you F You could not marry then.' II am not going to marry again,' said George with a ghost of a smile. i 4 Again! Why, what do you mean?* George took Ada by the hand, and advancing a step, presented her for mally to the Colonel. 4 My ^vife,' said lie. 4 We were married yesterday.' The old man started as though he liad been struck ; then he bowed low. "When he stood again upright, all the assumed sternness had passed out of his face, and an ill-concealed anxiety and remorse taken its place. He did not could not speak. His better nature, his strong natural affection j for his son, was conquering the pride and obstinacy of his character. At the moment when the struggle was the fiercest, -Ada threw herself on her knees at his feet, sobbing. The scale was turned. The old soldier lifted the girl gently, looked at her a moment critically, and kissed her. Then turn ing to his son, he extended his hand with a gesture of reconciliation. For a moment the three were locked together ic an embrace. Then the elder loosened himself and spoke. 4 I should be on my knees now, praying and begging your pardon,* he said fiercely. Mrs. Gorman and Don Pulido had been silent but interested spectators of the moving scene, but at this juncture the lawyer interposed. 4 Permit me,' be said,4 to congratulate you all round ou the understanding arrived at. Now, I ad"ise strongly that no time be lost in effecting your son's release. In the present state of affairs lie is in a critical position.' 4 You are right,' said the Colonel; it must be done at once.' 4 May I ask, Colonel,' continued the lawyer, 4 if you were instrumental in causing his arrest ?' 4 Yes,' was the low reply. 4 It was only to be a temporary measure.' 4 Then you can manage his release speedily ?' The Colonel was silent; a terrible anxiety fastened on the others. 4 Yes, I suppose so. I don't know ! Oh, miserable father that I am! I will go at once; but I fear the shadow of suspicion has fallen on me. God grant I may be mistaken !' 4 What steps do you propose to take ?' asked the lawyer. 4 Can I be of any assistance? 41 will see Balmaceda at once, and state the entire facts. He can scarcely refuse me a favor.' 4 But where is he ? He left the capital Jast night.' The Colonel bit his lip with vexation. * I will follow him,'he said. 41 can surely find out his whereabouts. I must see him personally. I could do nothing with any of the others.' 4 Then come at once. I must escort , the ladies home, and then am at your disposal, if I can be of any use what ever.' Colonel Nardez turned to his son, and clasping his hand, said: 4 Cheer up, George; I have every hope of success. Ho cannot turn against me or refuse any reasonable request of mine. Be of good heart, my son. Forgive me, if you can now; but I must wait until you are free before I can ask your pardon.' 4 You have it freely now, father. "Whatever happens, I know you have done nothing but in care of me.' Steps were heard in the corridor. 4 Time is up,' said Hon Pulida ;4 we have trespassed already.' Before George could kiss his bride good-bye, the chief of the prison entered accompanied by another official and a warder. 4 Colonel de JTardez,' said the first-named, 4 you had permission to visit the prison and have an interview with your son. 1 regret to inform you that your visit must be prolonged.' 4 What do you mean ?' demanded the Colonel sternly. 4 Thi ? gentleman will explain,' said the chief, indicating his companion. * I am the bearer of orders from the President,* said the official, * ordering the arrest and detention of Colonel de Nardez, who has become suspected of intriguing against the Government/ * There must bo some mistake,* said the Colonel in desperation. 41 am one of his Excellency's friends.' 1 His Excellency is become mistrust ful of his friends,* remarked the official dtjlj. 4 However, my task is ended. I leave Colonel de NarHw, in your custody,' he concluded, addressing the jailer. * Permit me.' said the latter, indi oatng tHfe door. The old colonel turned on his son a look of the keenest remorse and appea., and then followed his custo ian from the cell. No further time was granted to the thers, and they were compelled to ake a hasty farewell, crushed and eeperate at the turn affairs had taken George still had spirit to whisper: \- Courage, my darling; it will not be par long. Baltnaeeda will be surely fbeaten, and then*- . A fervent jkiss concluded 'he sentence, and a Iminute afterwards George was alone. 