A SLENDER LUEJ; Or, TIE MYSTERY ~0 MARDI.GRAZ. A DETECTIVE STORY. [BY LAWRENCE L. LYNCH.] (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER LV. A STARTLING SCIENTIFIC TRUTH. Stanhope went back to New Orleans, and for nearly two months Carnes heard nothing from him that could be called news, and the same might be said with the positions reversed; Carnes had little or no news to impart to Stanhope. Then one day there came a ripple upon the surface of this calm in the shape of a letter-it was from Stan hope, and read as follows: ' DEAL OLD MAns-At last our sails are ruffled by a slight- very slight breeze. Don't begin to glow, it's only a clue after all; and this is the story, much or little: 'It seems that young Baring-I think I wrote you that he had set out ,for home, before I came back hero- had laid out a sort of line of march, and fixed upon several points which he thought might for one reason or an other prove especially worthy of at tention. Well, we found that the mis tress of a certain pretty cottage, in a secluded section, which I will name to you with other details when we meet, left her cottage on the eve of Mardi graz. This woman, an octoroon, some what notorious amorig her kind, had, it appears, taken lodgers into her house, a man and a woman, and these also disappeared on Mardi-graz eve. SSix weeks of patient ferreting have developed these facts. The man was blonde, bewhiskered, well-dressed, and carried himself like a gentleman. The woman was scarcely seen outside of the cottage, and never except when veiled she was graceful and ap peared languid, like an invalid, Swhen she walked, two or three times, :in the little rear-garden, or passed out to her carriage; they drove almost daily; she was always veiled, he openly unconcerned. Per haps you will recall the fact that this : tallies exactly with Jones' description io' f the "missing,' and [her escort-the : one which called me from Omaha. S'Madame Dauphine, that is what the owner of the cottage calls herself, :sent away her only servant the day before these strangers arrived; which was more than two weeks before the .carniyal. Now, note this: On the .evening after they came-I have Sdates for these facts-a good-looking, blonde, bewhiskered man bought on Common-street, at No.-, a hypoder Smic syringe. ' Mark again: On Mlardi-graz day, not two hours after the discovering of the body at the Victor, a boy found ' near the foot of Canal-street a leather : case containing a hypodermic syringe, ? whidh he concealed, ind thought no S'more of, except as an object of barter "i--when the festivities should be over. He did not even know the name or Suse of the instrument until he tried to dispose of it; but it was identified as the one sold to the blonde, be whiskered man by the parties on Common-street. Later, on the same Sday, a key was found on the Levee; : it was the key to room 99 of the Hotel SVictor. 'I thought it would be well to -look up the driver of the carriage 'which waited every day at the door of Madame Dauphine's cottage. and with this result: B- and B-, who keeps a sale stable, sold, on the : very day that the hypodermic instru , ment was bought, a pair of bay horses : and a carriage to a man who repre sented himself as wishing to set up a : hack upon his own private account; ' the description of the outfit tallies . with that of the turnout used by M.Iadame Dauphine's tenants. This : carriage and the horses were found, after the carnival's close, wandering : out on the lowlands without a driver. SUp to date this driver is still missing, : and Madame Dauphine's house stands locked and tenantless-her where abouts also unknown. 'There, you have the business up to date, and now comes the tug of war-to find the hackman, Madame Dauphine, and the blonde bewhis kered man. 'On the whole I think I won't turn highwayman-not yet. Yours on the trail, DICK.' This letter found Carnes locked in a Scalm which was almost beyond en durance, but three weeks later he too had something to say, and he wrote in his characteristic way to Stanhope: ']fy Dear Boy,-If you love me set a guard upon the empty shell of Madame Dauphine, and come to myaid. With my usual luck I find myself suddenly unable to hold my hand; with all my boasted wisdom and finesse I can't contrive to be in two places at once, or to keep one eye upon opposite points of the compass. Latrsen is improving so rapidly that I am momentarily expecting a call from the superintendent, and it's none too soon. If that fellow " Jinkins " don't swing, it will be because of some grand and lofty feats on our part. His trial must come off at the next term, or a new cause for delay must be furnished. You will have to come if they call the trial, and you may as well come now when I so need your help. You can be back in New Orleans in a week .or two if my lan succeeds. I have found out at st who the fellow is, and I will know before you can arrive where to find his only remaining relative, who is monstrously rich, it is said. Wire me if you can come. I reserve all explanations until I see you. Yours in a tight box, CARNES. Within the week which followed the receipt of this latter, Rufuis Carnes closed tfhe door of his room one day and Wmalked'down the corridor toward the stairway, wearing the look of an active, impulsive man, who finds his energies palsied and his ambitions baffled. As he was turning a sharp angle, a second man, coming toward him and look ing even a shade more anxious than himself, stopped suddenly and uttered a quick ejaculation, breath ing forth at almost the same breath a relieved sigh. ' Carnes-old man !' ' WVhy, Dick !' With a quick hand-clasp followed by complete silence, they walked back to the door which Carnes had so lately closed, and which he now opened with reviving eagerness. When they were within the room each scanned the other's face, then: ' What has happened, Dick?' ex claimed one, and: ' Anything gone wrong, Carnes ?' asked the other, both in the same breath. Then Stanhope sat down, looked at his friend, and heaved a long s;gh. ' I wish I were a woman,' he said; 'I'd have hysterics in rainbow tints. Phew !' 'Why, what's up, Dick?' Carnes had already half-forgotten his own anxiety, in solicitude for his friend. ' Sit down,' said Stanhope. 'I'll tell you in a minute. I'm fagged.' He looked it; he was pale, almost haggard ; his eyes, usually so calmly searching, were full of trouble and anxiety; he was travel stained and languid, as if almost over come by fatigue or severe mental strain. Carnes sat down opposite him, gravely scanning his face. 'Take you time, Dick,' he said; 'you do look done up. Have some wine ?' 'No,' said Stanhope, with a quick, negative gesture, 'not now. Let's get the talk over at once--I'm too full to keep it back any longer. Phew ! I've not slept since I left New Orleans, and not more than half eaten. Look at me-and then to cap the climax I must meet with an ad venture almost at your door. Carnes -how is John WVarham ?' 'A week ago,' said Games, not without some surprise, 'he was very low indeed.' Stanhope drew out his handkerchief and passed it across his brow. 'Poor man!' he sighed, 'poor old man !' 'Dick !' cried Carnes, 'for heaven's sake what ails you?' 'You remember young Baring?' queried Stanhope, settling himself to tell his story, and then as CarnePs nodded, 'I told you about him and his microscopical society, didn't I?' Carnes nodded again. 'And I told you about his twenty nine varieties of blonde hair ?' Carnes nodded and grinned. 'Well, when I went back, you may remember that Baring was gone; he had been called home on account of the illness of his father, and he went, at a moment's notice, of course, while Garland was out of town. Well, Baring came back last week, and the first thing he did was to ask for an in terview with Garland. We happened to be sitting together when he came. Well, when they came back they both looked serious, and Garland took upon himself the task of telling me that he feared there had been a great mis take. Talk about being haunted by Jove! a ghost would be welcome in exchange for my present prospect. Old man, we have not done with Bertha Warham yet!' 'We haven't done with her mur derer.' 'Her murderer--bah! we don't even know if she has been murdered. There! don't open your mouth; let me get it over ! It seems that Baring, in the pursuit of knowledge, put his blonde hairs from the head of that dead girl under his confounded micro scope, andsubjectedthem to other tests: if you want scientific particulars I re commend you to Baring, or Garland the naked result was too much for me! Carnes, Bertha Warham, ac cording to all her friends and rela tives, was a natural blonde, a dark eyed, fair-haired girl. This hair, which, without a doubt, came from the head of the murdered girl, had been dyed!' ' What ?' 'It was black hair artificially made yellow.' He waited for his effect-but Carnes sat staring mutely. ' It naturally follows,' went on Stan hope, 'that I've got to do this thing over again. If that dead woman was not Bertha Warham-' 'Dick!' broke in Carnes, 'you won't bungle this business again, will you? If there's a shadow of doubt in your mind, you know what must be done.' ' I don't doubt. I have every con fidence in the verdict of Garland and Baring. Garland verifies the analysis. But, all the same, I'm bound to make assurance doubly sure. Yes,' rising and beginning to stride up and down the room, 'I've got to go to Upton Cemetery.' ' And you've got to take two good men with you-men who know their business.' 'No; I only need one.' ' Nonsense !' 'Not at all; Baring came North with me. He will be here to-morrow morning if I need him. I shall take Baring-but that isn't all.' 'All of what ?' 'A few moments ago, about two blocks from your door, I met that girl, Rlose Hildreth.' ' Hildreth? Oh, yes. The friend of Miss Warham-the girl of the letters.' 'The same. She has not improved since I saw her last; there is nothing about her now to distinguish her from the worst of her sort. She stopped me ..-'. 'Umph! of course.f . 'She stopped me to tell me where to look for Bertha Warham.' Oarnes was mute again. 'She has just come back from New York, so she says, and she declared that she saw Bertha Warham in that city-last week.' 'Whew !' 'She says that she followed her, and saw her alight from a carriage at the door of a mansion where she rang and was admitted, and the carriage drove away. The girl is persistent in her belief that it was Bertha Warham. She says that she met her face to face, that Bertha came out of a store, passed her, and got into the carriage; she, Rose, followed her in a cab. Rose declares that she recognised her at a glance, although her hair had turned black.' 'Oh!' SSo you see I have more than one thing to do. First Upton, then the Metropolis.' 'Turned black, did you say?' ' That's what I said, and what Rose said.' 'Did she tell you where this girl, this Bertha Warham with black hair, stopped ?' ' Yes; she named the place, and I took it down. It's a swell locality.' Dick,' said Carnes, after a moment's reflection, 'you must go at once, to New York.' Upton first.' 'Wait-you might leave Upton to me, I suppose. The fact is you can kill two birds by going to New York now. It was for this I sent for you.'. 'You wanted me to go to New York ? ' 'Yes. In the. interest 6f Charlie Jinkins. Couldn't your start to night ?' 'But there's Baring-we were to meet here. Of course I can trustUp ton to you. But why--?' 'Dick, the time has come to bring our guns upon Larsen; he's almost himself again. I'll receive your friend Baring. I'll take him with me to Upton. Will you go?' 'Yes. Will you tell me what I am to do for you when I get there ?' 'Nothing that will interfere with your own plans. You are simply to call upon Charlie Jinkins' last surviving relative, and state his case; we want help, financial and otherwise.' ' And if they won't give it ?' (To be Continued.) 