« LA PEUR." (Translated from tub French of Oct dh Maupassant. Note.— Tho dentil, supervening on the mad ness, of Quy do Maupassant is a distinot loss to tho world of literature, and oloBes a compara tively briof, though undoubtedly brilliant, career Tho following story, or psychological study, is n translation from the French of tho deceased littlratcur. It was written 14 years ago, at tho beginning of Guy do Man- pasBant's literary career, and soon after ho had completed his studies under Flaubort. It is a charnoteriitic and powerful specimen of the work of the talented author of Une Vict and has, I believe, never before been published in the English language Additional interest is imparted to tho story owing to tho fact that the author described and analysed the tor- rlblo affliction resulting from overtaxed nerves before ho fell & victim to it. ITo has atso ex plained in the following story the nature and meaning of La Pcur. The litoral translation of the word is "fear,? hut it means something more that— something all possessing, unaccoun table, awful It is, indeed, a mind disease, a variety of neurosis,— R.C.B. We stood on the bridge again after dinner. Before us was tho Mediterranean, without a quiver on its surface, lit by a great calm moon. The huge steamer glided on, spirting into the sky — which seemed sown with stars — a long serpent of black smoke. Behind us the water — whiter than dcsXi— displaced by the rapid move ment of the immense hull, and thrashed by the screw, foamed and struggled, absorbing so much hrillinnee that one might have believed that the moonlight boiled. "Wo were standing there, six or eight of us, silent, impressed, our eycB turned townrds the distant coast of Africa, for which wo wero bound. The captain, who was smoking a cigar in the midst of us, Buddeuly resumed the con versation of the dinner tablo. " Yes," snid he, " I really was frightened that day. . My vessel stuck fast for six hours with a rook in her stomaoh, beaten by the waves. Fortunately we wero rescued towards evening by an English collier, who sighted us.", Then a tall man, thin, with a gravo air — one of those mon whom ono feels has travelled in unknown lands amidst couBtant perils, and whose oalm eyes seem to retain in their depths something of the strange wonders they have seen — ono of those men whom ono thinks of as steeped in courage— spoke for the first time. You said, captain, that you were frightened. I don't believe a word of it. You deceivo yourself over tho word and over, the feeling that you have experienced. An encrgotic man has no fear in the face of immediate danger. Ho is agitatod, disturbed, anxious ; but fear— that is another thing." Tho captain replied, laughing, " I insist that I was scared." Then tho man with the bronzed complexion said in a low voice : — > "Allow mo to explain. La pcur— and the hardiest man can have la pcur— Is something horrible— a foarful sensation, liko tho decay of tho soul; a frightful spasm of miud and heart, tho memory of which only brings shudders of anguish. But it has no power when ono is brave, nor before an attack on the enemy, nor bofore certain death, nor before any familiar forms of danger. It lias power only in abnormal circumstances, under peculiar mysterious in fluences, in the presence of vague risks. The true pcur is something like a remembrance of f&ntastio; terrors of other days. A man who believes in roturns from the tomb, and who imagines he sees a ghost in tho night, he ought to suffer all the unspeakable horrors of la pcur. " I — I have met la peur in open day, about 10 years ago. I also knew what it was last winter, on a night in December, and this, in spite of the faot that I have run soores of risks, have had many adventures which looked fatal. I have been attacked often ; I have been left for dead by thieves ; I have been condemned, like a mur derer, to be hanged, in America ; and thrown into tho sea from the bridge of a Bteamer off the coast of China. Eaoh timo I belioved myself lost, and on eaoh esoape I immediately took my leave without any emotion and even without regret. "But la pcur — this is not that. I bad a touch of it in Africa. With the Orientals life counts for nothing; it is laid down at once. Their nights are bright and empty of meaning ; their souls are equally destitute of those dark forebodings which haunt tho brain in cold countries. In the cast ono can feel pAnic, but not fear. However, this is what happened to me on Aric&n; soil "I was crossing the great plains south of Ouargla, That is ono of the strangest countries in the world. You know the stretches of sand right along the interminable shores of the ocean ? Well, imagine the ocean itself to be nothing but sand, and yourself in the midst of a hurricane. Imagino a silent tempest of noiseless, yellow dust, high as moun tains ; vast excrescences, irregular upheavals— just immense waves, but larger and Btreakcd like silk. On this terrible sea, always silent, always motionless, the hungry southern sun turns his pitiless, unwavering flame. One must elambor across those sheets of burning gold— olamber .without stopping, without rest, without shade. Horses faint ; siok on their knees and slip help- loBsly down the slopes of these deceitful lulls. "There wero my friend and I, eight spahis and four camels, with their drivers. Wo said no thing, overwhelmed as we wore by heat, fatigue, and as dry with thirst as the desert itself. Sud denly ono of the men uttered a sharp ory. We all stopped. Wo stood motionless, astonished at an unexplainable phenomenon, known only to travellers in this hidden country. Somewhere near us, but in whioh direction we could not say, we heard tho beating of a drum — the mysterious drum of the Sahara. We heard it distinctly, sometimes loud, sometimes soft, now stopping, then continuing its fantastio roll. " The startled Arabs looked at eaoh other. Then one broke the silenco and said, in his own tongue, 'Death is upon us.' "Then it was that my companion, my friend, almost my brother, fell headlong from his horso killed by a sunstroke, "For two long hours, while I was trying in vain to revive him, the drum continued to fill my ear with its monotonous beats, ceaseless and meaningless. I felt the fear gliding into my bones — the true, hideous fear— in tho presence of this dear corpse lying in this hole, burned by tho sun between four hills of sand, whilst the mysterious echo recalled to us, 200 leagues as we were from all our kin, the rapid beating of the village drum. "That day I knew what it was to be afraid. I understood it yet another time." .... The chief officer interrupted: "Excuse me, air, but this drum ; what was it?" Tho traveller replied, "I can tell you nothing about it. Nobody knows. Soldiers, often sur prised by this singular noise, attribute it generally to the echo, intensified and multiplied by the hollows of the hills, of a shower of grains of sand whirled by tho wind against tufts of dried pUnts, because it has been noticed that tho phonomenon always takes placo in the neighborhood of plants scorehed by the Bun and hard as parchment. Tiie drum then is not an aural illusion; that is ole&r.; But I don't understand it all the same. . . Now for my seoond experience of la pcur . . " It was last winter, in a forest in tho north- cast of France. Night came on two hours too soon, most of the sky being hidden by the trees. I had . a peasant for my guide, who walked by iny side along a narrow path, under a roof of firs from whioh the savage wind drew long moauB. Between tho tops I could see storm blown clouds— distracted clouds seaming to fly from something terrible. Now and then under a tremendous gust, tho wholo forest bent with a groan of agony, and tho cold held mo prisoner, in spite of my quiok stops and thick olotbing. ' ' "We were goingtoBup and sleep with a game keeper, whose hut was not far off. I was going 'i there to hunt. " My guide now and then raised his eyea and murmured : 1 " 1 SRd times !' | "Then he told me of tho people we were 1 approaching. The father had .killed a poacher | two years previously, and sinoo that time had I become gloomy and despondent, as though oppressed by the memory of his crime. His two married sons lived with him. " The Bhadows of the vast forest impenetrable. I could see nothing before mo, nor on cltbor side. The branches of the trees clashed against each other, filling the night with continual laments. "At last I caught sight ofa light, and soon my companion struck against a door. The sharp tones of a woman replied to our hail. Then a man's voice asked : " 'Who ib it?' " My guido mentioned his name. We were let in. The scene was unforgettable. " A white hairod old man, with madness in his eye, waited for us in the middlo of the kitchen, bis loaded gun ready in bis band, whilst two great fellows armed with hatchets guarded the door. I could just sco in a dark corner of tho room two women on their knees with their f&ees; pressed against tho wall. We said who we were. The old man replaced his gun against tho wall and directed that my room should bo prepared. Then ho bluntly said to me— " ' You see, sir, I killed a man two years ago to-night. Last year he, returned to repro&ch; me. I expect him again this evening.1 "Then he added in atone which compelled mo to smile, 'Accordingly wo are not ontircly happy.' " I rcassurod him as well as I could, secretly delighted to have plumped into tho household just in timo to witness so remarkable an instanoe of superstitious fear. I told one or two stories and succeeded in calming nearly every body. "By the hearth an old hound, decrepit and almost blind— one of those dog which are like people you know— with his ncsc between his paws. Outside the enraged storm beat against the cottage, and through a narrow slit— a kind of peephole cut near tho door— I could see by tho glimmer of the. great stars quite a mass of trees blown down by tho wind. " In spite of my efforts I was conscious that a fierce terror had gripped those people, for every timo I stopped speaking it was plain that they were listening for something with all their senses. Loth to take part in theso idiotic fears I had just asked to be shown to my room when tho old man suddenly made a leap ou to his chair, seized his gun afresh and, in a bewildered voice, stammorod — \- " 'There ho ib i There he is ! I have him !' " The two women fell on their knees in the corner again, burying their faces ; and the sons took up thoir hntcbots. I was making another Attempt to quiet them when the dog awoke, and lifting Ills head, stretching his neck, and peer ing into the firo with his fadod eyes, uttered one of those mournful howls which startle travellers at oveu timo in lonely places. \Ve all looked at him ; he remained motionless, reared on his feet as though in the presence of an unseen power, and con tinued to howl at something invisible, inexplicable ; but, without doubt, terrible, for all his hair stood on end. The old gamekeeper, whoso face was livid, cried, ' "Ho scents him; lie scents him! He was there when I killed him.' " And tho two distraught women began, both of them, to bowl with the dog, " In spito of myself a great shudder passed be tween my shoulders. Thcextraordinary bolmvior, the ghostly possession of the dog in this place, at this timo, was horrible to witness. For a whole hour tho animal moaned without moving ; ho moaned and wailed like one in tho agony of a terrible dreain, and la pcur — la peur unmistak able—got possession of my frame. Fear of whnt? How do I. know ? But it was fear, that's abso lutely certain. " We remained motionless, deadly palo, in an attitude of agonising suspense, with our cars keenly alert for tho least sound, our hearts thumping and starting at the slightest noise. Tho dog sidled round tho room smelling tho walls and groaning. This beast was driving ub crazy. So at last the peasant, who had guided me hither, suddenly flung himself on it in a sort of paroxysm of terror, and, wrenching open a door leading to a little yard, threw tho animal outside vio lently. " He was quiet immediately ; while we wero plunged into n silenco ovon moro horrifying than before. Suddenly all of us started. A being glided along tho wall nearest the forest Then it passed on to the door, which it scorned to rap with a faltering hand. After that we heard and saw nothing for two long minutes, during which we were as dead. Then it roturned, always graz ing the wall, and scratched lightly as a child might with a nail. Then for a moment a head appeared against tho glass of the peephole— a white head, with large bright eyes like those of a deer. Presently a sound came from its mouth, an indistinct, plsintivo murmur. " Then a great noise filled the kitchen. Tho old keeper had fired. And immediately tho young men flung themselves on the furniture, stopping up the peephole and barricading the doors with the table and sideboard. "And I swear to you that in the midst of all i the uproar caused by the report I awaited nothing. I had suoh an anguish of heart, soul and body that my senses swooned, almost died of fear. " We stood thero till dawn, unable to move or spoak a word. We dared not unbar tho door until wo baw through a craok between the boards n tiny ray of ligbt. Thon we went out. At the foot of the wall, against the door, the old hound lay, his jaw shattered by a bullot. It had gone clean through his heart, gouging a hole under a palisade." Tho man with tho brown face was silent for a while. Then ho added : — " That night, however, I ran no danger But I would rather endure again every hour in whioh I have boeo threatened by terrible perils than the single minute of tho shot at the bearded head by tho window." 