MURRAYANA. BY M. O'S. (Continued.) PASSING out of Benjeroop the explorers discovered still another tributary of the Murray meandering on its zig-zag course be? tween banks set with gaunt, majestic gams, and here and there with the lovely acaoid pendulans, whose leafy tresses trailed on the water. -The discovery was thus recorded* under date 8th July:—" We found a beautifully green and level fiat, bounded on the south by a little river flowing westward. The banks of this stream consisted of wooded acclivities, and were covered with excellent grass, the bed being 18 or 20 feet below th^ level of the adjacent fiats, and, from its resemblance to the little stream at home, I named it the Loddon." This Loddon joins the anabranch already mentioned near thp head of Pental Island. By a glance at a -map one can observe on the New South /Y^afos side of the Murray a perfect J&S;&k;^pf' rivers, all trending hithers^prj; $o that this vast alluvial valley of Tafojiera from the Murrumbidgep iut^pnto the Loddon mouth is the scene qf &jtOigfity; confluence of waters. Here is a clear theatre in which we oan contemplate the spfeotacle of nature in perennial play ana animation; while, for a contrast, we havp only to look around, and, far away withdrawn, the encircling rim of the gloomy, steadfast, illimitable bush meets the eye. There it Stands like a ghoulish sentinel set to guard the charms of this fairy valley. Time writes no wrinkle on the azure brow of Ooean; but Byron might have conceived a more perfecjt .symbol of unohangeability had he gazefl from some Australian hill-top on the motionless levels of bushland, a wooded weary waste expanding to the skies. On Mitchell's completion of this journey his glowing reports of the country he hatt traversed, and fittingly named Australia Felix, quickly stimulated the coloniser to enlarge the bounds of settlement. The selector and the squatter soon pitched their tents by the Murray banks, there to gather the fruit of the explorer's labours. A quarter of a century after Mitchell, still another historic expedition passed through Tatchera, but bound for more distant latitudes. About two miles south-weBt of Lake Boga is a marshy flaque of water, fringed by some trees, a spot named by the selectors " Burke and Wills' clump," in memory of the brave but ill-fated fellows who camped there for a night in their journey northward in 1860. That this favoured region must have been from remote antiquity the habitat of the savage generations an evidence of frequent occurrence, though not very obvious to the inexperienced eye, remains to show. Numbers of low mounds, or " blackfellows' ovens," as they are termed, are to be seen mostly in proximity to the margin of lagoon or river. Mitchell thus refers to this peculiarity, for it did not ' esoape hiB keen glance:—"One artificial feature, not observed by me elsewhere, distinguishes the principal seats of the native tribes, which may soon be recognised by the mounds of ashes used by them in cooking. The common process of natives in dressing their provisions is to lay the food between layers of heated stones, but where there are no stones the calcined clay seems to answer, the same purpose, and beoomes the better or harder the more it is used. Hence the accumula- tion of heaps resembling small hills. Some I observed so very ancient as tb be surrounded by circles of lofty . trees; others, long abandoned, were half worn away by the river, which, in the course of ages, had so far changed its. bed that the burnt ashes reaobed out to mid-ohanijel. Others, now yery remote from the river, had large trees growing out of them. I' understood that the balyanor bulrush root, which is the chief food of the natives in these parts, is pre: pared in these kilns when a family' or tribe, are together." Where left untouohed, the ;" ovens "way now be distinguished by a rank-overgrowth of taU, stalky weeds; and in.cases''wlifere'the p3.,9,u^^are. has ^rasjie/i through ihgig a livelier . green > comes upon the. crop. . Siom the soil of 'Which they are composed may be jpioked 1 out • ojnripas. bone jSpear' fcjja^e ! M xelic at prahistorio man, the small, smooth; Btone axe. Those mounds were probabjy. also'.ram' as burial places. An InSippe sM : 4 ^enj^p.wi' ighi^i ^ ^ ja dofien • fiknllg of aborigines .were dog > opt of one such " oven;'' 1 So blaok man, Ted' mail), iajpjd white man return in procession t<i_ jQio i aJHlqjpiiU! nqsitt, Jjhey that tread the.earth "are but a handful to-the tribes that slumber in its bosom." As may be readily understood, the.presence of po much water has the effect of tempering the fierce heat of the summer months and maintaining a healthful equability of climiate on these plains. The hot winds from the stony deserts of the interior when passing here lose their name. Nevertheless, through their influence the alluvial flats iare baked hard, and the wild barley-grass assumes the shiny hue of ripe corn. Whenever at this time the storm wind breaks in upon the scene, one may .witness an imitation of the simoom in^the neighbourhood of Lake Tchua. From its outlying ridges the gust sweeps up a huge column of powdered sand, which, gradually ascending higher and higher, finally disowns affinity with the earth and ranges itself a cloud among the clouds. But the most agreeable change in the sameness of the Bummer days is the occasional thunderstorm that rives the flood-gates of the skies. The brazen firmament rapidly grows blue-blaok from rim to rim, the sword of the lightning cleaves the gloom right and left, while all nature beside is struck into silenoe harkening to " Jove's dread clamours'' overhead; and the impetuous torrent pours down as if wreaking vengeance for its long detention from the parched fields. Only too frequently, however, " the dreadful pother " dies away, and not a drop of rain falls. Whatever sameness may characterise Australian scenery, as compared with that of other latitudes, where the vesture of the woodland changes hue periodically, here, as elsewhere, the attribute of sublimity is never absent from Nature's phases. Stnrt was impressed with the beauties that he witnessed during his voyage in the whajeboat, and among other illustrations in his books there is a picture of "Sunset on the Murray. But within the narrow limits of an octavo page what delineation could convey an idea of the magnificence of sunrise and sunset pn these \pide, watery, arboreal plains? The almanao will inform you when you may expect the sun to rise, but before the appointed time his approach is heralded by the flush that "crimsons the pearly heavens half-way to the west." - Once his radiant segment appears above the line of massed treeB on the horizon, he rolls up perceptibly, and in a feVf. minutpH the huge round-disc is wholly and clearly defined, glowing and flashing inconceivably. When his diurnal course is run, on the opposite verge of the same plain the panorama of his setting is even grander still. There you can see his purple fires extinguished, while the thronging clouds that come to bid him farewell are aflame with the reflex of his parting glory. At such a moment any object moving in the landscape athwart the line of sight puts on unreal, gigantic proportions. Twilight there soarcely is any. With a quick, successive rush, that one can almost fancy he hears, the shades of night arrive and close the scene. A phenomenon not unfrequently witnessed on the sandy plains near Lake Boga is the wonderful mirage. Given a charged atmosphere and an oppressive summer day, you may possibly see a mob of sheep, whose trotters are shod with Bilence> like the feet of Hoder, the blind old god, passing in shadow beside you. Ic is a mockery as unreal as Banquo's ghost, for you scrutinise the environs in vain for any sign of the living muttons. Or you may sometimes 'Observe a vaguely defined representation of St. George and the Dragon ii furious struggle through the air; it is ever shifting, and the more youV strain your sight to -make put \yhat it really' may be, the move dazed you leeome. Long after, when you have ceasejd to think of it, a horse and his rider stpp into.the foreground. Apropos of those uncanny apparitions, there is a story told of a guilfeless Ballyvaughaher, a new chum in thpSepar^, who' oouldn't tell a wallaby from a jerboa. Solitarily coasting the fringe of the bueh at the olose of a weary day, he suddenly came in sight of a pack of old man kangaroos, gravely Seatedonthe grass, enjbyingtheoool of the evening. Mistaking them for a gang of men, and' fondly hoping to meet some < sympathetic compatriot there, opr traveller hailed the crowd in a loud voice* and* he says, says he, "Is there any Claremen amungstye?" says he! Bturt makes reference to the vast flooks of birds that hauht the Murray. .On Bental&laiid; alone there is a lifetime work lot another udubon, for it is the home. not on)y of normous flocks, but of varieties that-seem From, the stately - gralatorial monarch of the race, $he " brawlgong" or native companion (Grus • Antigone) to the amadina, or diamond sparrow, so tiny that, were it not for his Jbright vermilion hues, he would scarcely be peroeptible as he pecks in the grass, the scale of bird life here is indeed wide and interesting. The American ornithologist was accustomed to follow a bird to the tree oh which it perched for the night, there spread his buffalo rug on the ground and camp; to be enabled to note its first movements in the morning. At the loot of a blue gum by theMurray an ornithologist might camp for a season and study tfie habits of a score of. different birds that build their nests among its leafy, majestic boughs. The heron affects the very top, and thither, when 1 ' his day's quest for food is over, he comes, to chatter beside his bower of loose twigs a peculiar intermittent strain. On the lowest branch, within reach of one's hand, a sable-coated, friendly little fellow, with a blade-like tail, which he is constantly flourishing from si$e to side, as if he were delighted with it, (is busily engaged putting up bis house. With a liquid chirp he flits in and out unconcernedly, and seems rather pleased if' a spectator is taking note of him. He makes no seoret of his system of architecture Arriving with the necessary item of material across his beak—some cowhair or wool off the bashes—he first places it assiduously where required, and then sqnats himself for a moment or two in the cavity of the nept« expanding his feathers to the .utmost so as to keep the structure to proper specifications of Bhape and size, and smooth away any inequalities on the inside which might incpnvenienoe iris wife when she aomes to occupy it. So skilfully laced are the nests for purposes of ccincealment that patient scrutiny will be neceB sary to discover all of them. Some are of imple mud, gathered from the banks of the river, some of lichens, deftly interwoyeti; one angs pendent between twigs, another is alanoed bolt upright on a bough, and how t retains its hold when the wind blows h&rd; is a mystery only known to the architect. The motive for so much nidification in one tree, where trees are plentiful enough, is probably to be fotind in ian alliance instinctively entered into as a better safeguard, at this anxious period, against surprise from the piratical hawk, for he is a remorseless villain, that spares neither young nor old. (To be continued.) 