WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? MBS. H. H. JENNIKGS lives at No. 211, Main-streeb, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with ber. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in tbe house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half past 11 they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room stoOd a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was ooncealed by a mask, bis eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled op, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ?" During a reoent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slep, badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about 2 o'clock I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what teemed like the calling of my mwie; and at the foot of the bed etood the image of my mother just ae she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the loial old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfeot health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1S99, it was, that Mrs. Jano Foster, of Darracottfoad, Pokendowo, Hants, wiote us as follows :— " I was so dreadful/y nervovs I could not Dear any one in the room with nse, yet I did not wish them Jar away in case I should call out for help This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was siok most of the time. My •kin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt oold and dead. By-and-by I bad to lie helpless in bed. The doctor s«id he know what my complaint was. I took but liquid food, and could not retain that on my stomach. By tbiB time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory ompletely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I shoald lose my senses, and friends agreed that 1 would never get I bad given up all hope when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked i l u t f b d l r s a h h w f s a o a a a i e a pt n a s iI d k what I was taking. She told me she was herself onoe just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative ijyrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk aorosB the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am ae well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra- i tion. Tbe original cause was grief and shook at the violent death of her husband by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Brideeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less thnn a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dvpepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natura and wholesome. S15,22,9vz__ 