He Treasure of thorns I »y PrederfcS: Bayle, Author ot ' On tttis Border Lakd,' ' A -Goon Hate£,v' ' Camp Notes,' Ktp. OHAPIBB IX. The TbeagV rk. ' Menders' is tho great banb at 8hat:leton, m home bo well established that tbe Joint* stock Companies have not yet injured it Thn head of the firm at thiB timu, called ** Jim' by that irrevorent population, was recognised, of coarse, by the county families ; could he have been persuaded to , join the Church, hie position would have become regular forthwith. For, besides bis Xi*tnnar7oi{«aW «7«ini Xfr VanJitf l-nnt +ha harriers, and gave handsome entertainments. Bat this gentleman, rather simple in other natters, had one crank. Be belonged to a brotherhood of. which Mrs Fanshawe was * member. Tbe rough craftsmen. tind Struggling employes of ShutUetOa liked this persistence. 'Old Jim.'' was still one ot themselves, so long as he attendod the «g4|\ mfisa iittie chape!, thoa^b hie carriage fcad a crest, and his horses were thorough bred, Arthur Mendel, however, had bee* trained in the modern school, which wrt bo little satisfactory to his father's partner that he insisted the young man should take no active pail in the besineft. This resolution was conclusive proof, had any been needed, of Str Brown's shrawdn ess and insight. For there wasnobarmin Arthur Mendel. lie had mot a single badquality apparent, whilst eho w tng the rudiments of several virtues gather a muff, not very much of one, but inclined that way, the iaat yontbf o! tbe neighborhood thought him. His ftkther made ?a liberal allowance, and he spent it freely in little 'games' of various sort-6, but never had he overstepped tho bounds of decorum. Mr Mendel did not exact much of his »on; —not even attendance at the chapel. Though he allowed himself to be reckoned among the brethren, Arfcburerjldem appeared in their midst. Of late jxare. howsvor, be had grown leBS patient, tnd tbe idea o[ a trip to South Africa was not unconnected with the proceedings ot the Elders. Bhnttleton felt a good deal of interest ?when it was announced that old Jim' heir was returning, aft- radvcntcres&s; mysterious as awful. There was some talk of triumphal arches,^ but common sense rather than (enthusiasm was the prevailing characteristic of the borough, and it dropped unpercoivod. The brethren, however, ma.1e up their minds to receive tbe traveller in state, and Hubert was appointed to represont Mrs Fansiiawe. Her family and Mr Mendel werk toe only perrons of standing who belonged to tbe appall connection. This lady dwelt in a large, cheap old house, flat and square, awr.y from the hauuts' of business though in the town. I have little to say aboot her, for there i8 little to U-U. What character she had in a secular point «f view seemed to have been knocked out by the wreck of her fortune. Hubert and Kate hal returned home b this, with an ingenious explanation rc-adv to account for tbe transfer of their visit from Little Thorburus to Scarborough am' it was hacked by a diplomatic not* from ^rE&kin-; !£**'»*-? s=c-sntpA it. a, ehe acccpted other things, not satisfied, hut uncompiaLn Thoso : worthy elders had alwavg regarded y°j¥ with strong disapproval, and by the commission ab.^ve-menitoned be was delivered into their hsu-in. Th.-v knew much more of his proccJinge tfc'au hi. mother did, and in the meetings summoned to decide what steps should ba taken to we-- came Arthur Mendel, their thunders biokc upon HnbertV head. He coaid Dot b-re- , proved at chapel, and b--»Kee it wou'd b» Anjsdicious to risk offending thoir second' ?best convert. No*- wag an opportunity of aebaking ths backslider, and th'.-y adjjurii'.d He stood fire very well, sustain:* by a lethargic temperament, goad humor and wtter indifference. Meadel'i return was a pleasing event and for his own reasons Hubert would have wished to take a lea ding part inthe welcome. He roconciled himself to the annoyance as well as might ba. Tho is that Arthur had furnished r, nrr'tfr. re?u»ar iK™ tov Though he would M. pUr higb he played nft-aa, und with bid l«ck as extraordinary as Ui, want of skill. Ktnr? ttl't5d that th0!-' hsltroa days would Mi- Biking's loin— which he regwdej as a S uZ- ie bim t0 Pay almost rU his debts. Were are few things in life so properly to be termed ' comparative' aa embatmaments, and th9 burden which may seem crushing tc a young man who has no resource beyond a mother's allowance, ?would not be grave perhaps to one who en joys a pwition and an income. The onlv creditor yet unsatisfied whose claim might fce annoying under certain conditions was Btr Thwaite's head clerk-wJackson. This good-natured fellow did n:-t gamble himself. , but he had a pleasing readiness to lend upon I such security as young gentlemen can otfor I when their parents are solvent and uious, ! and reasonably affectionate. It is not to be i understood that Jackson was a usurer or a i fern-discounter. If his transactians were ! published, he had very little to fear. But in I a friendly way, with the gooi- will of every- ? one concerned, he got an unusual interest, lor bis spare cash. ! This gentleman had not been paid, but I tho omission caused no uneasiness It was ^ understood between them, without the for- 1 mality of a promise, that the accumulation of various small loans was not to be deman ded until ' something turned np.' Hubert therefore, felt not the slightest thrill of alarm when he met his creditor on the even ing cf the 6th, after an impressive j sconce with the elders. ' You're back in time for the great day ' he said cheerfully. ' Arthur Mendel comes home to-morrow. We've jast had a tele gram. He brings a friend, it seems.' 11 1 can give you further information. The iriond is Eldred Thorburn— perhaps tout uncle will be pleased to hear that, periians aot. Are you on corresooDding terms with kim ?' * With ray uncle? Bless you we were as thick as thieves !' ' 41 Are yo«— well, I want my monev, Fan shawe, and I should be glad if y0Q could get it from him or somebody.' ' I say, this is sudden 'l What's the mean ing of it !M *' I can't see that any explanation is needed. Ton owe me nearly a hundred in notes of h^nd. 1 want it back or securit? That's all !' 'I can Bee it isn't all. The moneys right enough, and you were as certain about that fact as I am before you went on tout holiday. Are you going to get married ? I ?ay, don't !' Jackson hesitated a minute. He was a good fellow, and loyal in hiB way. ' Look here, Fanshawe,' he saidat length. 'Your mother has her income, but you will excuse me if I put it that she- a des perately good life— better than mine or yours, 1 dare say. I can't reckon much on her. Then there's your rich uncle. If you're as thick as thieves, juet-ge: a trifle from him to go on with. I don't want to tc hard. Bay you give me five pounds a month for the next two years. There1' u T rpnnnl mV rho ? gave me a handsome present ttc orher'dav.' 'Did bel Then let me have mv shtre come 1' ' I've paid it all awEy, Jacfccon, on my honor! Yours is the only debt i-ft, A'J the other fellox-6 that used to bother ae They'll tell you.' '' That s how a good-njitarij-3 chap sufierp ' Well, you can afford five pounds a mortb. Flldraw op tbe Agreement, and you sh-'i sign it to-morrow.' ' I'm sure you've heard something! Comr, now, we've bem frirnde a long tim°, old man. Tell me honestly.' 'Well, I'll say there's a report thp.t you've quarrelled with Ksking, or he with you.' ' What a monstrous joke ! He gave mc a magnificent cheque wccd } bade biof good bye, and told me outripht I'm qowq for something handsome in his will' M Bless me !' swd Jackson, and hesitated. He really liked his debtor. ' What do you mean ?' 'Why, it.'e a fact, as yon say, that we've i been friends a long time, Fanshawe and we've done a deal of business one way or another. I'll tell you so much — yon should have etuok tight to the magnificent chcuue for It may be the last you'll get from old Silking.' 'Great Heavens! I say he tolc me at the ast moment I Do you mean that I'm not in his will 7' 41 1 mean just what 1 said. I've no confi dence in your uncle as Mcurjtv for ibv loan. There J Goodniphtf If you'we vour wav to pay oft that little sum tnoie quickly, I fihall be pleased to accommodate you. Bat five pounds a month I must have.' ' Thi« isn'f fair I Is uncle rn'n°d !' ' Lord, 11*5 ! If^ha was, should I tell of a client ? Gooi-n'.gat I' JacksCS. would my no more, hut wbea Htbei't came to put his hints together^ dull Vbough h»i wa9, the conclution formed itself plainly in a few moments. Thwaite had . drawn up a new will for Mr Baking ; Jack son had seen it— hence liis motive to get in the debt, for Huboct Fenahawo took no interest under that a^oed, Tbe idoi of re gaining his nncle't Tavor did not occur for | ?One instant. Stopid indeed the man must have beet *h0, knowing Mr Esking, thought : to soften him ; and Hubert was not stupid i in this way. Besides, he had no oppor- 1 tunity. I The blow made him savage. &Qn; the j prospect of paying five po0e.de a &-Jhth tor two years was actually operate. But spite and malieaity foreign to the man's Aatul-ev Kc could not bs unaware tbat the istautloua disclosure of Mr Esking's plans gave him a certain hold, but, beyond deep ecing his sense of injustice »cd tfrcachery, the recollection had no eftect. Herbert would hare glvctt b good deal for five minute Tjttiet talk with his uncle on the suhiefit, ending with a 6teady, quiet 'one lrom tbe shoulder,' in satisfaction of his wron^a ; rage carried him &o; further. But thsrewas another spirit in his household circle. The news that Blared Thorburn accom panied the hfiro of the house sprtad fast through the town. Mr Ksking had been a great manufacturer, end diore than that, a great notoriety otlhe place ; his withdrawal to Little Thoriums did not chill the public interest. Whan somebody heard about 'the treasure,'' an! told the legend of it, with surprising s;opo of detail, at the tea-parties of Shutileton, it had great swefB. Fdpuiar knowledge, tMW, i-e&soning;, and all else popular is rarely right — connected Mr Kskta£ tirilh the etor.r in a moment. And thus it happened that the folks of a busy town fifty miles away, of which his ancestors bad never beard, weiv flmilar with Eldred Thorburn 'b chip* -*.ld family history teeome ^ a W Wo.b excited, of course. After telling ber moth-r-in-law, all over again, Hubert's battle with the dogs, and sketching with a lively fancy th2 aspect of Thorb'urns in its decay, sne went out to call, with the pleasing assurance of cxoluslvti information. When Hubert got ba^k 10 supper— for Mrs Van* ehAtvc, kept the carlyand virtuous boars cf her youth— sbc had but just returned. What Kate said, wil t Mrs ibis and MIbs Tbat replied) with excursions suggested by the circumstance, furnUhcd conversation of a 6ort. The old lady took little share therein, and her eon none at all, beyond giving th^ replique ; but his wile had stores of talk, enough fc' half-a-dozen. Her cvub wjre as chafp as her tongne, however, and she saw ! that Hubart was pre-occupi.'d. In fact, he 1 had a desperately unpleuant task before bim. If live pounds a D»outh must bi de ducted from hip allotf a&tie; for so lout? a time, it was abeclstely necessary to give Kate an explanation. bupper ended, Mrs Fanshawe went to bed, and Hubert- withdrew as usual, to enjoy a cigar in the street— 0? elsewhere, tlis mother had po'.nts of humane intelligence, and she recognised that a young rain must have some freodom 1 — showing therein the common sense of an elder generation for Kate did not wiUicslv make the allowance. Rut this evening, Hubert returned after an absence not loneorthan may reasonably be I'vanted for s rokiog a cig^r, and then she knesf that something wis wrong. In the e-icumy of their bedroom he con frt^sd his trouble, with tht sliRht deviation from truth that he referred Jackson's d«bt to tbe expenses of a time in which Kate mi?bt feel a gentle interest— hi* courtinip. lint she did not 'clieve a word, and flew into violent passion, uporaidin-; bim for bis habits of -iri'nk and plav, vowing she would I-jt Mrs F nshiwe kuow what hours fas kept, nnd 50 forth. Hubeit had not meant to tell in the s ime day his present difficulty and Mr Eekiug's treacherocs coniuct, bat troubled imagination did not suggest any other theme to divert tbe torrent of abase ; out it all came, and the mancporre was successful. Kate's sentiment for Mr Esking, and for Hilda also, wa« no less than hatred, a.nd she turned hrr wrath on thim for the moment. So Hubert was led, acting uncon sciously upon the strategic princiblc of pushing by the line of least resistance, to tell what- be believed now was the secret reason of Mr Esking's ill-will— his refusal to aid in stealing the treasure. Kate could not beliure her cars. She declared it must have been a dream. Not till all the circumstances were repeated in detail, and Hubert recalled his impatience that ni^ht when ene and Hilda lingered in the Charter Room— impatience for which he had been vehemently rebuked on going to bed— not till then would she admit the truth of his amazing story, lint when convinced Ehe sit up, laughing with fierce contcnt. ' D:ar uocle shall rue the day he was such an ass aB to trust you with aeecrot! We have him now 1 It's all clear as day light! When he heird how you killed the dogs, he thought, ' Merc's the man for me— brave, and strong, and a fool V Then you i recused, ana 10 seep you quiet ne promised I to remember us in his will. I see it I How 1 could dear uncle suppose you would find out | that he was lying ?' ; ' It is a Btrange chance, isn't it1 If I hadn't owed Jackson that money he would never have told me about the will.' ' I don't grudge him five pounds a month sow. It's cheap for all be has done. Oh, uncle 6hall repent his behavior !' 'But, my dear, what can you do? Of coursc, he has given up the idea, now yonng Thorburn is coming home ?' ' Of course he has done nothing of the kind ! If 1 saw the new will I could tell you wbo is going to help him in your place. ? But I know! It's young Genest, and he's down for a tbumpin? legacy— or for a wife J Yes, that's it ! 1 saw bow he was in love with Hilda. Leave me alone 1 Go to sleep, rov dear! I've got something to think about.' 'But be careful, for heaven's sake, Kate! Ton may bring an awful scandal on tbe family, and put me into a moat unpleasant position. Uocte has only to deny it, and ' He won't' deny when wc prove it? Go to el«;ep, 1 tell you !' ' But, r-iv dear, young Tborbumis coming heme. What are you to prsve ?' ' He's coming, 'but he hasn't come |yet. At thi-i very mo'j^at, 1 dare Eiy. jour dear uncle and George Gencet are at work !' Kite w 38 wrong as tn time. At that moment, Mr E-!:iog sat, beaming with in telligent p'acidity, in the drawing- room at Bohun Oa?ile. George had arrived before the hour of starting, and found him dreBBed in tbe Charter Roam ' I hive fulfilled your condition.' said llr Eeking, t&kin;? his h-;nd. 'We may con gratuUt? each cth^r. George, shortly.' ' Hilda consents '? Yen may le^rn for yoor'oif, as boob as she comes down, if there is time.' '1 couldn't, today! It ie a horrible bargain— on my Bide, though not, I hope, on h-rs What dii ?'be say ?'* ' Y'.ry little— in fuel, nothing, after I bad ' Whr. to sp'.Jik ilr.n'cly, she 6uid she did not card for ;-'ou iti th^t v.ay. George— that ia. she corrected ben»i:. th«: idea had not patssd tntou-'Ii i.rr m;nd. II nr. if 1 desired ailcction and my judgment. Moat marria.™^ 032m to be very unrros^nable and very sillv, trhi: hoj.cR hc.ra wi.i not be so hid a* same and ehe tuiikB it wiii not, Xbit was all that n&Fs-d.;' ' Ail : ' 'Ar.tulilr ci'., Slira my innor ! Then ebe kissel me, und went to dress in good spiriL6.' ' I have to win her love yet, but, please heaven, I will! 1 couli not fpeak now, even if there were more encouragement. Let it remain there for a time.' ' You are as-tithed, however?' ?' -Juite aatislied. i will pay the price. 1 would risk ruin in this world and the next for Hilds.' ' And I for knowledge I Then we'll start if sbe's ready.' They found her in tbs breakfast roam lockiug out of the window. She turned, showing no embarrassment, but coloring slightly as she took George's hand. Hjr eyes m?t bis witb a cmreattan — curiosity, 80-* doubt, and frank goodwill were its leading motives, perh&pe.; They set off at oncc. Mr Esking talked pleasantly, nud tho others replied at such length as was needful. George recovered b-a spirits in Hilda's presence. He was a oau who coald direct his braia lotkef stare but atB soui lived in the present. Before this type of absolute lovelinesss G6orge remembered only that she hai promised to be his. The view of the reward obscured the sacrifice. Bir Phillip Bohun and her ladyshlpi their sons and daughter *nd governess, their antique abode and its mtmirials. would' deserve a note had I room toe it. They were all astonished at Hilda's beauty, seen now for the first time under circumstances that displayed it to perfection. Mr Esking wa« never indifferent to his daughter's dross, but he made no tc marks so long as It was fresh and graceful. Two years before, he had instructed Madame Rosalie to fulfil any j commission from hert and he took it for gran tod tbat these prettjr things £ame 1*001 , Paris. Few oE theitt appeared to the bill, ; but Wb^tt dllda let It be understood thlLt j the paid cash tar common dresses Mr I Esking asked no questions, fle complacently woniered how she found the needful, hut ] kept his wonder to himself. The robes ot | ceremony, however, Hilda would not under* i take, and these were actually supplied from J time to time b/ Madame Bossue^ Hiss j Bohun was astonished and not pleased to I note that her drea was as exquisite as her ' face and figure. It was near eleven o'clock when they 'drove away, after Inspecting the treasures of the Oaatie. Heavy rain had fallen, bnt the moon shone brightly now, almost at foil. . T?n- accustomed to adventures of thU kind, Qeorge had not givcb fi thought to tbe chanbes of the sky, add this brilliant radiance, recalling painfully the work in hand, filled him with disnay. He hoped for a moment that Mr Esking had forgotten a'so, and would give up bis plan ; but a glance in that smiling, calm, cheerful face dispelled the plesung hallucination. His spirits died ont blankly ; a tick excitement gtipped hi£ heart, On arrival ot Little Thorburas, Hilda went to bed at ontia. George stayed only to hear again, in an impressive whisper, his instruc tions, and drove away. He had made him self acquainted witb the ipot where his dog* cart was to be ooncealed near the gate of Tborburns, and there— with a mind perpetu ally recurring to bolt at full gallop— he waited. ] t mm nnt lonv. or he micrht have followed hie idea. Within twenty minutes a figure, white from top to toe, came gliding through the shadows of tbe avenue. There was no man on earth more disposed by nature or training to disbelieve in ghosts than was young Genest, but conscience and terror are our masters when they get ahold. He stood paralysed an Instant— his flesh bristled ; hut before he could turn, Mr Esking's low voice reached him. 'What's the meaning of this!' George asked angrily, ? 'I forgot to tell you. Here Is your ghostly equipment son-in*law. The title produced its effect. Sullenly, but obediently, George took the robes. ,(Yon see,' Mr Esking continued, 'I reckoned with tbe moon— come nnder the trees! la the first place, it enables ub to dispense witb a light, and in the second it transforms us, with tbe help of a table cloth, judiciously arranged, into supernatural and awful beingj, not to be meddled with, irre sponsible and unaccountable. Thus legend is made. ' His tone was almost joyous in its ease. George felt the influence, but he co^ld sot s^eik. They walked on, beneath the shadow, to the tower archway. 'It is here,' said Mr Esking, who betrayed excitement at last. ' And here are the tools, I've measured the distances exactly. One hour's work, or perhaps not tbat— and then !' From amidst the ivy he prod need a pickaxe, two besoms, a crowbar, and two spades. ' We may break one. ' he mattered. Through the open doorway and the latticed broken windows of the Olock Tower the moonlight Btreamed, giving a misty, solemn glow to the vaulted room. It was* half full of rubbish an-* discarded implements, but they stood against the walls, leaving a csr.tral area. Mr Esking stoii in the vnry middle, measured the space thoughtfully oqsc more with his eye, and struck his crow bar on tbe worn pavement, which resounded under the blow. ' This is the spot— Now I' George no longer hesitated, 'is rin e*t tire faut Ie boire !' he said to himself, and tbe old proverb droned in his ear witb monotonous iteration, keeping time to every movement, in the long hour that followed. The cement was hard, bat when in ages long gone by, at the date of Edward Thor burn, that pavement was laid, the imagina tion of builders did not go beyond rough flints for material. They were worn smooth upon the surface, but when the first, un bedded half its diameter, had been forced out, the rest was easy. Mr Ksking worked like a young man ; those night sonuds which made George's heart leap had eo effect on bim. A space two feet sqaare was uncovered, the pebbles ranged neatly alongside in the order of their extraction for relaying. Then George took a spade, whilst his companion loosened the earth around. They dug twelve inches, eighteen, two feet and Mr E*king became anxious. 11 It cannot be much tipper,' he mattered. 'Edward Thorburn was in haste ! What's that 'He seized a bit of some material, not earth, whi^h George threw out. 'Old metal 1 Now wc are on it ! Bo carofal— be careful 1' thing like a box !' ' Mr Esking pushed him furiously aside, and fell upon his knees, scooping at the soil, ' It is a box, bnt not wood nor metal ! Oh, what a fool I was not to think of leather ! Oh, what a fool 1' ?'What do you mean?' George asked. But the old man labored unheeding. ' Tough and firm as the day it was buried,' he mur* mured to himself. ' In this dry place, pro tected by a casing, it would last to the Bay of Judgment I Well, well f I have it at last !'' ' But you remember your promise 7 Por twelve months it is not to be opened.' ' You have my word of honor, sir,' Mr Esking replied irritably. » Now let us get it out— quick 1' Tbat was very difficult, for though the leathern chest was small upon the surface, it was deep and heavy. '? Don't beso rough.' George remonstrated. 'Yon will break it' The other paid no attention, but the material held. Gradually th?y worked it out, and at length deposited the rude old kist, shapeless with earth and mould, upon the floor. Mr Esking fell upon it—' At last ! At last !' he exclaimed, passing his hands tound lovingly, eagerly. '? Don't make more noise then can be helped,' George cried. ' See, you have knocked off great flakes of soil. Let us fill up and get away, in heaven's name— if it isn't blasphemy to speak of heaven here !' He would not allow the further seareh which Mr Eskiog desired, but threw in the rubbish paesionatcly. There was not enough to make the ground even, and they collected sach broken tools and things as lay to hand, swept the earth over them, spread a layer of cement, and embedded the pebbles neatly. George had not patienoe for this. He wanted to fly the spot. But Mr Esking toiled on methodically, and would not desist till his eye was quite content. Then he strewed dry dust above, brushed it with his handkerchief to smooth out the footprints, and surveyed his wsrk. ' Now, George, we will ga, A Bed Indian would not suspect that thn ground has been dUturbcd.' Th'sy slum: the chest upon their crowbars and hastily made off, following the narrow, weci grown path that led to the garden rlonr, and through it. The moon was low by this time, and they kept beneath the shadow of the wall and shrabs — reached the verandah, crossed it. and gained tho Charter Boom. Not a word passed until th« treasure had been deposited in one of those capacious chests, snd locked securely. '* Now it is safe 1' Mr Esking whispered, 'and I am the happiest man in England 1 To you 1 owe it, George, and believe me, if 1 conld not pay the debt, ay gratitude would be painful. Here is whisky— take a full glass and go ! Heaven bless you. my boy!' ' How shall I go ?' said George, pansing with the bottle in his band as a thought struck bim ^uddenly. ?' Not by the way we came ! No. not if mv »Wa.tjnn on it !' r 11 1 will go with you.' 'No, no!' He drank greedily and filled again. 'I tell you 1 dare not! Let me sut through the front door.' c well! Go quietly, though there's They went out, George almost reeling with thn excitement and the strong 'iquor. Mr Lrting unlocked tbe door stealthily . ?'Goodnight, my doar, ilear boy 1 Yau will come in the morning It wm morning long ego, hut not dawn. George hurned along the road, fragrant with the perfumes of summer night An intense felief, a hortor cfiemoipe and dread. £wUcUri«mph ilrtbe ^Sought that Hilda was won, tumntfcuoualy tnlngled in tho con* ( fusion of his spirits whioh the drink had stirred. 1 He found the dog cart safe where it had been left. Baj leavcs .threw _jip_Jiejr hea'l1 and snorted as he torched Iter, quivering - witb impatieuce, At another time, knowing, tbe mare so well. George would have' recog nised th'*'} symptoms; he recognised them' now, Indeed, bnt paid so attention* ^After leading her opt and soothing her, he tried to gain his seat ; hot the moment jher head* was free, she broke into a sharp trot. Thel manoeuvre, repeated { several times, rouged.. tbe yditng ifian'A passion. . He jc~1t6d thgulfc;; slid struck ner. Ait^r this correction cay-1 l*Avefe dtdod li&e; an effigy until he turned *— '? tbehi his foot upon the step, sprang forward, George fell headlong backwards, and the wheel passed over him. (7V- be /sontinMd) 