MliSBIONARY PROGRESS, The Annnal Report of the Rev. A. Devasagszan, the Hindu EvqngeliBt .of the L.M.S. Mission at Silem, is a very interesting document, and contains matter of great interest to all who look for the coming of tho kingdom ot Uhrist. He says, " Even the villagers who cherished the greatsst prajudide and animosity to our work once, welcome us heartily in their midst and receive bur message to them jbyfaliy." , In several villages it appears the people told biin they were tir of their idols, and that he might carry them away with hiih if he bared to,d6 so. This vreariness with the idojs on the part of the low'esi: orders of 'the peopl strahgel correaponda with the feeling 'of the.jrahoqins themselves in South India. The chief organ of Jhis powerful caste in Soatheriu India is the "Hindu" neWspaper. Now in a,;, leading article published in this paper, and therefore coming with very great authority, the Editor actually says, ; " At present the Hindu religion is a vast shapeless mass impossible to identify as a whole. Only one part of it can be identified at a time, and the wuy in which it appeals to enlightsiied minds id different from the way in which it engages the coinds of the masses. Instead of placing a high ideal before ordiniairy minds and trying to lead .th'em p'p that ideal, it oondesciended to recognize the low popular ideal and adapted its leaching to that ideal... ft is this accpmmodatiog character qf Hinduism that has ihade it powerless fpr shy purpose of social improvement. . It has. also been powerless to produce anything like a national sentiment, national self-respect, or patriotism." . This Brahmin newspaper feels that their religion aa it actually exists, is chaos worse confounded. Not as yet . being ready; , to reject Brahm, for Gpd the Father Almighty, and Yiehnu, for the only begotton Son of God, Siva, for the Holy Ghpstithe Qomfprtor, and the Purahai for the blessed precepts and promise8.of the Qospol; the Brahmin, editor of the Hindu turns for help to Theqsophy, and says, "In simplifying the teachings and doctrine of Hinduism, in making it as intelli gible and easily .identifiable code of spiritual and moral ddtie the Theosophical Society has before it a mission which will secure it an enduring atad honourable record in history." The above shows that the Brahmin's feel it needful to lighten the ship lest she should sink. They see . that large . part of the cargo Of evil snperatition md.;! be thrown overbpard and that there, ntust be a purification of their religious morajs, , or the awakening conscience of the peopla will rej ect Hinduism . , on the ground. . i of. its immorality. They, also .see that their doctrines must be rationalised. Thus India is being brought to pay homage to , those two great representatives of the Eternal Father- conscience, and reason. The great fabric ot Hinduism totters; It is our prayer that that great stronghold of the evil one may soon fall ihto the dust. As the Bev. A. Devasagaz in says, ' The people are convinced of the truths they hear, but they lack decision to .make a .move.' India needs above .all things a baptism pf'ihe Holy Ghost. There are. thousands intelleo- tually convinced.; they need fire from heaven to enable them to bnrkt thrdngh all hedges of custom and tradition and come out clearly and fully for Ohrist. 