Tlie Aura of Spiritualism. A SPOOK'S LECTURE. When the great naturalist, Alfred Bus- sell Wallace, issued bis famous book on «« Modern Miracles," a thrill of surprise passed over the scientific world. That such a keen-eyed student, such a wonder- ful writer, should have become a believer in, spooks and table-rapping and spirit writing was wonderful indeed, so a sceptical and sneering world waa half inclined to say, " There must be something in it." Aye, so there is ! But what ? We try to penetrate the. mystery in vain. We attend mysterious meetings in dark- ened rooms, And sometimes horror chills our blood To be so near such mystic things; but alas 1 we still linger on the outer margin of the dread circle. In a recent advertisement in a Sydney paper a spiritualistic sooiety promised a " Trance Address " on " Mesmerism, Biology, and Sleep," and as that appeared to be full of grand possibilities, we were on hand. In a *' trance address " some- one goes into a trance, and a disembodied spirit speaks through the sleeper. The meeting placo was a small ball in Pitt street, and on that Sunday night there were 60 or 70 people present, who filled the place with carbonic acid and spiritualist odors and influences. At the back of the hall were pictures drawn by spirit hands, and writings on slates which had been done by ghosts. At the other end of the hall was a little platform with three ancient and somewhat ghostly-looking men on it, who conducted the preliminary . exercises. They " read the lessons " just as the orthodox sects do, and they sang hymns, but they were exceedingly un musical ! If the ghost of Bach or Beethoven came along during the musical part of the service, the poor musical ghosts would think they were in the bad place that we never mention ! The audience was a queer one, but the sketches will tell their own story best. Perhaps they were like the more orthodox people after all, but there was a kind of ghostly expectation in the air that gave them an extraordinary appearance. While studying the people the gae went out, but nobody stirred ! It was part of the mystical performance, for ghosts love darkness rather than light, because-well, I'm not sure why, but they do. Then a sepulchral voice said from out the gloom, "Sing," and the crowd began to sing very softly, " Nearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Thee. In the midst of the song there came weird sobbings and moanings and gushings from a woman who sat up near the platform. She was the "meejom" of whom some spirit was busy taking possession, and it was evidently no easy job-for the woman. Then the song died away in voiceless expectation, and in the pause whioh ensued there came, clear and distinct, from some other room in the building, the words of a hymn sung by some other sectaries There ia life for a look at the crucified one, There is life at this moment for thee. It seemed strange to be mixed up with such different denominations in the city of Sydney on a Sunday night. If the spiritualists were smart they would send some spooks to clear the other people out of the building ; but then maybe the spiritualists are not much different from the rest of us, after all, even with all their SDiritual influences. Then a man's voice spoke out, evidently from the platform, saying in queer, stilted tones, My friends-I have taken posses- sion-of this soul-in order-to give the mee j um time to compose herself-for she missed her steamer-and was late in arriving here. I am going to speak to-night-about what the world-is greatly interested in-and I want you to give great attention-not only to this mee j um but to every other meejum that I may-use in this hall. I will now impress -him to sing-one of the songs-that you are in the habit of singing-at your Tuesday night meetings." Then that man began to sing, or, rather, the accommodat- ing spirit that had charge of him did, and we all chipped in on the hymn ; but, to put it mildly, there was nothing seraphic about that spirit song. I've heard a pressman with three sheets in the wind sing much better at a " Waysgoose." Bu then the ways of spirits are past finding mit. When the hymn was over that spirit had shifted into the woman who had been, moaning, and it was a little bit odd that, while the spirit had been talking through the man, it had already been wrestling with the woman ; but then, one cannot expect to understand this unless they understand the Fourth Dimension, so that's all right. When the ghost spoke through that woman it (or he, or she P). spoke, not only in a different tone, but it used totally different language, and talked like a Tho Meeting. ghost that knew something about chemistry, geology, physics, palaeontology, and biology. But, somehow, that spook only talked about things we read in the text- books when we were ambitious of life's honors. It didn't know a thing that our teachers didn't know years ago, and it was not alwaja correct even then ; but, per- haps, spooks don't really know any more than " mee j urns." There was some moving in the darkness and some talking, and the spirit suddenly stopped and said, " I will wait till all is quiet." Then somebody went out of the hall, and when all was still as death the ghost began again, but there waa something wrong ! If it had not been a spirit speaking through a woman in a trance, I would have sworn that we were listening to a récitation, for when thc medium, or the speaker, forgot a sentence she wandered into commonplace colloquial English to piece it out, until she remem- bered her part and climbed on to the high flown once more. Once she stopped alto- gether, evidently lost, and said, " I don' know what's the matter." Neither die Tnnof rvp na The only thing the spirit said that was worth remembering was in regard to the aura of private bars, gaols, penitentiaries, low music halls, and criminal courts.. Such places are full of miasms and maladies, and if a weak spirit goes near them, the aura, or influence, will be caught, just as we catch smallpox or measles, or any other infection. How true is this, oh mighty spirit ? We can see the influence of Dar- linghurst Gaol, the whisky bottle, and the concert room on many faces ! For more than an hour that spook kept on talking, but all it said that was worth hearing might have been said in five minutée, or, better still, left unsaid alto- gether. After a long, long talk in that dark, ill-ventilated room, the "meejum" said, or the spook, " I do not know, Mr. Chairman, if there is time to say a** few words on sleep?" The chairman mur- mured apologetically, " Well, just a little longer," but a strong voice in the audience said, «Take another night." Then the chairman, emboldened by that expression of opinion, saM, " As it is now 10 minutes to 9, perhaps it would be better to take another night," and the poor spook was clotured. There was a struggle to get out of the woman, for there didn't appear to be anybody present who could cast out (evil) spirits with ease, and then the light was turned up, and the dear, familiar old collection plate was taken round. God bless that collection plate ! If the spooks were a good deal cf a failure, that old time, sanctified collection brought the modern spiritualism and the ancient ortho- doxy into line, and proved that Mrs. Browning was right when she said that We are of one flesh after all, And need one flannel (with a proper sense of difference in the quality). 