Brevities. Birthday Cards at TIMES Stationery Repository. Hospital ructions ! Cricket is dying out in Penrith. Oddfellows meat Tuesday night. The show pavillion is now complete. What beautiful weather we are having ! The Court house yard is being tar paved. The boys were very quiet on New Year's Eve. The Springwood larrikins got a lesson on Tuesday Judges' are light is a feature of High-street nights. A good crowd patronised Belmore Park Races on Monday. W. H. Barlow for the ingredients for your puddings.* Picnicing on the river was much enjoyed on New Year's Day. For one month only Pianos tuned by J. Wilcher for 10s 6d.* The "snide" crowd at Belmore Park went down on Monday. A new story "The Trainer's Ghost" will appear in our issue of January 14. At Astrakhan, in Russia, 20 cholera rioters have been sentenced to death. The river Thames has been frozen over, between Maidenhead and Windsor. To meat the dull times Pianos sold at Wilcher's 25 per cent. off Catalogue Prices.* No pudding complete without Judges celebrated Baking Powder ; give it one trial.* The traffic people on the railway are suffering reductions to keep pace with the times. Thos. Neale and Son have just to hand a splendid lot of sawn-palings at 14s a hundred.* Broke his neck trying to crush into Barlow's on Saturday night to buy his wife's groceries.* A violent gale blew at Newcastle on Sunday night, doing considerable damage to property. The Earl of Onslow has been fined £2 for infringing a bylaw of a water supply company. Judges' celebrated Baking Powder, the best and the cheapest ; 1s 8d per lb. Very large tins, 1s.* Playing Cards, Dominoes, Chessboards, Chessmen, Cribbage Boxes, &c.;, at TIMES Stationery Repository The Hospital Committee are not in favor of one man one vote—bought with other people's money Who fell down the well? Why the man who tumbled over W. H. Barlow's price list of cheap groceries, etc.* An old man named David M'Kay and two black boys have died of thirst between Corella and Alroy Stations, Queensland. Who's that hungry scarecrow? The man who doesn't deal with. W. H. Barlow, the cheapest grocer in town.* At Market Harborough (England) this week a cricket match was played on the ice, and some heavy scoring took place. Returns from the Government Labour Bureau to date show that the number of men awaiting employment is now only 2500. Mr N. Palmer's Fitztempest won the Opening Handicap and the Publican's Purse at Branxton on Boxing Day. Where was A.T.? The Penrith crowd who went down to Randwick on Monday also went down at Randwick. They are now engaged in whipping pussy. Six miles of obituary notices, mostly of a very unflattering character, appeared in the American and European Press on the late Jay Gould. The body of a newly born infant, wrapped in a newspaper, was found by the police in a garden in Riley-street, Sydney, on Monday morning. The cricket match between Victoria and South Australia was concluded in Melbourne on Wednes- dav, the Victorians winning by six wickets. I say, have you seen them? What? Those wide sawn palings of Neale and Son's at 14s. a hundred! Yes, they are the best of the kind I have seen!* An invalid named Lynne was assaulted so severely by larrikins at Collingwood, Melbourne, on Sunday, that it is feared he will die of his iniuries. A violent conflict has taken place at Kilrush between the Parnellite and anti- Parnellite sections of the Irish party. Several houses were wrecked, and many of the rioters were arrested. Billy Murphy, formerly of New Zealand, and ex-champion featherweight of the world, has fought a match with White at San Francisco. The match lasted for 33 rounds,, and ended in a draw. Stationery papertries and cabinets, paper and envelopes and cards and envelopes. Best assort- ment outside the metropolis at TIMES Stationery Repository. Prices range from 6d to 4s 6d. A glove contest for £1000 will take place at Coney Island, New York, on 6th February, between Billy Murphy, the Australian featherweight, and Johnny Griffiths, the American featherweight. Her Majesty, the Queen and H.R.H. the Prince of Wales both declined to subscribe to a fund pro- moted by General Booth with the view of giving a Christmas dinner to 5000 of the poor of London. Particulars regarding the mission of Mr. Creer to Broken Hill show that 500 men were drafted thence to various parts of South Australia, at an expense of about £1000 to the New South Wales Government. Mr. See states that the deficiency in the revenue as compared with his estimate is caused by general shrinkage, depression in trade, the Broken Hill strike, the failure of financial institutions, and other causes. At Ballina on Wednesday a heavy sea, with the spring tide, caused the greatest rise of water known there for 20 years. More than half the town was inundated, and the streets were damaged to the extent of £500. News has been received of a fierce battle between the dervishes in the Soudan and the Egyptian garrison at Ambigol Wells. The garrison repeat- ly charged the enemy, and in one attack a British officer lost his life. On Tuesday afternoon a dingy containing five men was swamped in Homebush Bay, about eighty yards from the shore. Three of the men were rescued, and two others named Atkinson and Dempsey, were drowned. The revenue returns for 1892 were issued from the Treasury on Tuesday afternoon. The revenue proper amounted to £10,508,093, as against £10,047,152 for 1891, while the disbursements amounted to £11,060,700. The Pope, on hearing of Renan's death, expressed satisfaction at the news that he died "impenitent," thus proving that his doubt was sincere, and indicating that his sincerity, if thorough, might absolve him in God's judgment. During a quarrel amongst blacks near Atholton in the lnverell district on Tuesday, an aboriginal named Harry Sullivan was killed by an other aboriginal named William Strong, who struck him over the head with a stirrup-iron. Penrith and Emu Plains are getting their names up for disappointing visiting cricket teams. Why don't they liven or die altogether. We would sooner see them dead right out than just lively enough to be a nuisance to live people. There are now about 26,000 miners on strike in the neighbourhood of Saarbriick, in the German province of Lorraine. Much disorder marks the course of the strike, and the military has been summoned to repress the tumults, In New York a conspiracy to steal the body of Jay Gould has been discovered. It was intended to excavate a tunnel into the vault where the corpse lay. The tomb is now guarded by two men, night and day, and electric alarms have been attached to the coffin. According to the Washington Herald, Mary Anderson is this year 33 years of age, Sarah Bernhardt 42, Mrs. Langtry 42, Mme Modjeska 48, Christine Nileson 49, Adelina Patti 49, Marie Roze 46, Ellen Torry 44, Minnie Hauk 39, and Mrs. W. H. Kendall 43. A fatal gun accident happened at Emmaville on Tuesday. The eldest son of John Carey accidentally shot himself. He was out shooting with two others and was in the act of putting his gun down on the ground when it exploded, and the bullet went through his head, completely smashing the skull. The deceased was 14 years, and had only just passed the senior examination. At a meeting of the Young Borough Council on Thursday night, the Council Clerk submitted a statement as to the electric lighting of the borough for the financial year ended the 7th February, 1893\. Young was the first town in the colonies to adopt the electric light for public and private lighting, and although great opposition was met with at first, it is now a good paying concern. ' . 