to * Mannllafttnrlng Town. As I walked restlew and despondent through the gloomy city., - And saw tie eager unresting to and fro —as of ghosts in some sulphurous Hades— And saw the crowds of tall chinlneys_^^r= yp^Tgyimd tbeTadlof mrtokfl onvftring — , the inn, covering the earth, lying heavy aoainst the very srround— And s«w the. huge refnse-heapg writhing with children picking *hem «rer» And the ghastly half-roofless smoke backed houses, and the black river flowing below,— ., ' As I saw these, and as I saw again far. away the Capitalist quarter, walled gardens and its well-appointed ;: carriages, and its faoe turned away from the wriggling poverty which made it rich, — 7 ,- As I saw andremembered ite drawings ~ ruoui aim and affectations aba its wheezy '? ~ pursy Churoh-going and its gas-reeking neavy-fumiehea rooms and its scent' bottles and its other abominations — ? I shuddered: — for I felt stifled, like one who lies half conscious-^cnowing not dearly the shape of the evil— in the grasp of some heavy nightmare. _ # Then out of the crowd descending j towards me came a little ragged boy ; : Came— from the background disengaging itself— an innocent wistful child-faoe, be grimed Jike the rest but strangely pale, and pensive before its time. . : . ' And in an instant (it was as if a truinpefP had been blown in that place) I saw it all clearly, the lie I saw and the truth) the false dream and the awakening. For the smoke-blackened walls and the tall ehimneyB, and the dreary habitations of tne poor, ana tne drearier namtations or the rich, crumbled and conveyed them- selves away as if by magic ; And instead, in the backward vista of thatiace, I saw. the joy of free open life under the sun : Thb green sun- delighting earth and roll ing sea I saw — The free sufficing life — sweet comrado— ship, few needs and common pleasures — the needless endless burdens all cast aside, Not as a sentimental vision, but as a fact and a necessity existing, I saw In the backward vistaof that face. \\. Stronger than all combinations of Capi tal, wiser than all the Committees repre sentative of Labour, the simple need and hunger of the human heart. Nothing more is needed. All the books of political economy ever ^r written, all the proved impossibilities, are of no account. The smoke-blackened walls and tall chimneys duly crumble and convey them selves away ; The falsehood of a gorged and satiated society curls and shrivels together like a withered leaf, - Before the forces which lie dormant in the pale and wistful face of a little child. Edwapd Oabpbkter. ,. 