The Yellow Men of India. 1 '. Cha tiles JoHHSTOH, B.C.S., in THE " Asiatic Quaeteblt. " The Kocch, the Santali and the Bavaru are all distinctly agricultural; Bpeading their days from sunrise to unself in tilling, irrigating and weeding their fields of rice, or indigo, or cottoni They all till with an ironshod hoe, the; Bavaras sometimes using a light plough- when the nature of-the ground ' per mits : and all three races, w.ben clear-' ing new ground, burn away the jun gle' Instead of cutting itidown, -being1 per fectly aware of the ; fertilising power of wood ashes. In their, work' in the fields, the Kocch, the Santali and the Bnvara are largely helped by their wifes and .daughters wljeii. -domestic: duties allow, ; and . wheii the women' are not engaged in their own peculiar tasks of spinning, dyeing and ; weaving. All three peoples, are acquainted "with the preparation and U6e of dyes," et whichjindigo and monnda, for blue and red, are probably the most popu lar. The. villages.' of these . three peoples, number from 10 to 20 to 100 homes, and their houses pro well and strongly constructed — better perhaps than those of their neighbors of other races. Every village Sas its own headman, and auiongst the Santalis, i at any rate, the headman is supposed to be a descendant of the original" founder of the village, so that tbe of fice must be hereditary. The presence of the headman of the village among the unassimilated yellow tribes dis proves the supposition that this insti tution is peculiarly Hindu. The life of the .Koi ch, Santali and Savara i women is characterised by far greater freedom than that of orthodox Hindus; aud tho same enlighlment marks the marriage laws .of these three tribes. A few words are ..sufficient to describe £ their admirable and 'yet very simple s: institutions with -regard to marriage: £ lox\ with one or two exeoplions to be fe lioted, tbe customs of all three are the same. In the first place, among, the v£ Kocch, Santali anil the Savarss, there S3 is no such thing as habitual uiarriage cf infants, or tender and " immature children. The contracting parties are p almost always adults, and the union is brought about by mutual consent, 0 after a few simple cqremonies of feast- mn and sacrifice. The woman's liberty ;=K ot choice is carefully guarded. Among the Savaras, says Mr Faw'ceit, " a wo man may leave her husband whenever she pleases. Her husband cannot pre- vent l.er." Among the Kocch, aeeord- ing to Mr Buchanan, " the mcu are so gallant that they have made over, all 1 their property to the women, who in w return are most industrious, weaving, v spinning, brewing, planting, sowing ; in a word, dping all the work not above their strengtL" In consequence oiJjie independence - of their wives; pE the Kocch and Savavras are admirable rf h u ibands ; aud I believe substautiallv ' tho saine condiiions obtain muongst the Santalis. The second great prin- ciple with regard to marriage among Wb these three yellow tribes, which again ' furnishes a remarkable contrast with the Hindus, is that widows are per- fee tly free to marry again, and . incur no social disability by doing so. -The £ 1 mperty of the parents is said to go to Cf tl e sons.among the Savaras, and to the <4 d UKhtcrs amongst the Kocch ; as to tl e Santllas, I have as yet no . certain. fs,, u f irmatim j'-so' that the queitioiv.uf: J"6 . inheritance among the yellow tribes may be left open for the present.. , ' - Only two more poiuts of importance need be noted , and in these I believe thireisa complete identyfy between: i K cch, Santali and Savara usage. The points are, that the men of these three 3 - ' ' yellow races must marry women of the same tribe, while marriage of relations is absolutely forbidden. I believe that each of these tribes is distinguished by a fairly high standard of sie'al pnrity, as contrasted with other Indian races. Polygamy exists, to r, limited extent, stnoung the richer Savaras, but not eo far as I know in the other two tribes. The Kocch and Savara both bnfu their dead, generally in a family or village burning ground, beside a river . I believe the Santalis do the same, but on this point more exact information is desirable. In. the religion of the three yellow tribes, which is mainly a cult of the dead, the resemblance between Kocch, Santali and Savara usage is very strik ing. Among the Kocch and the Savaras, aud I believe also among the Santali, the sacrifices fall into three classes. First, an offering to the ghost, a few days after the body had been burned ; secondly, a goneral sac rifice (every year, or every second year), to the ghosts, after the rice has been gathered in : and, thirdly, a sacri fice to bring the rains or to mark their arrival. The two latter strongly mark the agricultual character of the yellow races, the. Kocch, the Santali, and tho Savara, I am convinced that the basis of their religion ic a firm belief in tbo ghosts of the dead, joined with an equal lyffirm "belief in their uniform maglignance. Their gods and the de mons of wells and trees _ are generally found to be ghosts of the dead, it the beliefs regarding them are carefully looked into. They further believe that these ghosts are able and willing to injure the community they belonged to in three waysjjdlrst, personally, by the afliction of diseases, through obses sion or demoniac possession, and by various forms of magliganfc misehief and spite ; to avert these personal in juries sacrifices are offered by the rela tions a few days after the body is burned. The second possible injury they attribute to ibhe maglignant ghosts of their dead is the destruction of the harvest; and to prevent this, or rather to reward the ghost for their 'forbear ance, in a case of a good harvest they offer yearly or biennial sacrifices at the harvest home, expressly dedicated to the "ghost of those who have died within that period. ' Thirdly, they be lieve the ghosts of their dead can im pede the yearly rains— thus destroying the prospects of next years harvest ; and the beginning of the rains is there fore made the occasion of another sac rifice. 