Was it a Ghost tliey Saw ? Mrs. H. fi. Jenniogs lives at No. 211 Main Street Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is no old one but ia good order. One niuht early in De cember (1S91) the two women lockei all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in tho bouse* Tbey left the gas burn ing, however, in tbe front parlour. Áboul half-past eleven tbey returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour di d out of them in a second. Bight in the middle of tbe room stood a man of gigantic stature. Tbe upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyehole* in it. His shirt-sleeve* were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women Bed screaming from tbe room, and wboQ Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later be found no one in tbe parlour and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it tbe women saw ? "During a recent period of ill health," i writes an American friend, "I bad slept badly for several successive nights. On tbe fourth of these about two o'clock I was sud denly aroused from a doze by what scented like the calling of my name ; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey» on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and T would never get well. Yet 1 did, and am iu perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak neives, for I've never S'.en it since, and it1s more ¿ban three years ago I now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to tbe tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition, lo March, 1890, it was that Mrs. Jane Fo3ter,of D^rracott Road, Pokesdowo, Hants, wrote us 03 follows.—" I was so dreadfully jicrvcus I could not btar anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in cas? 19hould call out for help. This was 1 in June, 1SS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe p*in in my hsad and over my eves and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By«and»by 1 had to lie helpless. lin b.'d. The doctor said bedi.ln't know what my complaint was. I took nothing hut liquid food, and couli not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and booe. My mtmory completely failed. My head achtd so dreadfully I thought I should lo3e my senses, nod my friends agreel that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs. West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Sexgel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have such faith in this medicine, I tried it, an1 in three d«*ys 1 was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went down stairs. Now I am a9 well as ever. I can eat and digest my food^and all ray nervousness bas left me." The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervoos pros tration. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her busbnnd, by accident, and the system rallied only when tbe Syrup had given new vigor to the digestion, and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that mrst ; uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing I more or less than a set of nerves all upset J-y indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, i and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its 1 work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 