On ana Off je stage. Misssbs. Williamson and Musgrove's Royal Comic Opera Company bid farewell to Melbourne theatregoers this evening. The public have grown very partial to the company, noting with pleasure each succeeding season how the juniors have improved, and how the principals gain fresh laurels in each new opera. The same people go so often to the Princess Theatre during the opera season that they get to know, like an Italian audience, the strong and the weak pointB of the performers. Mr. Howard Vernon, the doyen of the principals, is a great favourite for "patter" songs and broad comedy acting. The audiences, however, always discriminate between his careful and careless performances. When he Blurs the words, gets out of time with the orchestra, and omits by-play, the audience evinces impatience by shuffling of.feet, coughing, or even muttered terms!of disapprobation j but whenhe exerts himself and does his best, he is greeted with enthusiastic applause. Mr. Henry Braey has a far less difficult task to please the audience. One good song in the course of the evening will make them overlook every defect of acting, and even when, as happen so often to light tenors, his " high notes " fail to rise above the orchestra, the audience is sympathetic aud ready to excuse failure on- the ground of over-work or cold. Mr. CharleB Eyley, who six years ago was deemed a "one part man," able only to Bing ballads, is now the most popular baritone actor in Australia. He has created the personality of sixteen characters in comic opera, and each one is the standard by which audiences judge the performances of others, Mr. George Lauri, who last season wasthought to be somewhat disappointing, has now come to the very front rank as a delineator of broad comedy and a singer of genuinely comic songs. The attraction of Mr. Lauri's acting is that he never merges comedy into farce, and he never forces his humour out of keeping with the motive of the scene in which ho is playing. Mr. Joseph Tapley, the new tenor, has won golden opinions in the one part in which he has appeared. Messrs. Sydney Dean, Bosevear, Lissant, Grundy, Leslie and the other gentlemen of the company have all made progress. Perhaps the greatest improvement in the singing and acting of the company is noticeable amongst the ladies. Miss Flora Graupner, always possessing verve and brightness, has improved her method of singing, and in The Mountebank* she gained well deserved applause for her capital character personation. Miss Florence • Young's Binging has improved very much and she has also made great advance in the art of by-play and character personation. Miss Violet Varley this season made her debut as a prima donna, and if she continues to progress as rapidly as she haB done another year will Bee her the most popular actress • and singer of light comedy parts in Australia. Miss Clara Thompson has lost none of her old popularity, and she undoubtedly ranks amongst the best singers and actors of " heavy comedy parts" on the English as well as the Australian Btage. Miss May Pollard's singing has improved, but she has not made similar progress in acting. Miss Nina Osborne, last season a mere pupil, is coming rapidly to the front. It is a matter of regret to the majority of theatre-goers that her sister, Miss Ida Osborne, is not a permanent mumbor of the company, for there aro.fow contralto singers in Australia whose voices are so cultivated, and as an actross she rauks amongst the best on the operatic stage. The chorus is admirably trained and is undoubtedly the olovorest and the bost looking that has over boon organised in Australia, M. Caron has reason to bo proud of the rosult of his tuition, for the chorus and orcliostra ho conducts are excellent performers. The ballerinas are an important adjunct to the oompauy in tho opinion of the public, ami Madame Pliillipini has proved a capable' teacher of new and graceful movements. Miss Mary Woir's Borpontino dunce will long be' romembered us tho perfection of sylpli-liko movement. Thm .Gaiety Company arrived in Molbourno by the Tftluno on Tuesday, aud, of course, the members were all busleged with questions as to the dotalls of the attack on the office of tho Wovkntan at Dunodin. Eton new there is seine doubt whether the chastise monfc inflicted upon the man Lister by the burlesque Indies was in punishment for his attack upon their reputation or that of the firm giving them employ. monfc. It sherns that Mr. Lonnen, Mr. H. Musgrove, and sturdy little Mr. "Pete" Hughes, followed "at a considerable distance " by six muscular damsels carrying riding whips, interviewed Mr. Lister, proprietor and editor of the little sheet which propagates socialism and scurrility in Dunedin. Lister refused to apologise, so Mr. Lonnen brought up his reserves, and the six burlesque ladies rushed at the wretched proprietor-editor and belaboured him. The compositors came to his rescue, and one of them gave Mr. Lonnen a black eye. The attacking party, including their general and his lieutenants, wore bundled out of the building, but reinforced by a number of scene-shifters, the burlesque ladies burst opon the door, caught one of the fleeing compositors and blackened his face with printing ink, and wrecked the office. The Police Court proceedings were withdrawn, the assailants paying for the damage they had caused. A touching incident at the Police Court was the enthusiastic gratitude the burlesque ladies showed towards the constables who had treated them as "first-class misdemeanants." Mr. Lonnen, when he appeared that evening, his honours thick upon him, was cheered frantically by the audience, and so were the burlesque ladies, and so ought to have been the scene-shifters. The Gaiety Company commence their farewell season at the Princess Theatre to- morrow evening with Faust Up to Bate. This is generally considered " to be the best burlesque of their repertoire. Mr. Lonnen's Mephistopheles is an unrivalled piece of character acting, and Mr. Courtneidge is equally clever in the burlesque of Valentine. The dancing of Miss Alice Lethbridge is also a great attraction in this piece. The sensational drama, Rebellion, or the Fall of Richmond, produced at. the Theatre Royal last Saturday, is not equal in literary merit to Mr. Utting's previons drama, White Slaves. There are plenty of sensational incidents, and a considerable amount of military display, but there is too much explanation and too little action by the characters. The plot is developed mostly by talk, out of keeping with the incidents, and the dialogue is weak. Miss Edith Appleton, who plays the heroine, sang a song prettily, and certainly succeeded in making the heroine attractive to the audience. The Garden of Eden illusion on view at the , Rotunda, Bourke-street, has attracted many visitors during the week. The scenery haB boon improved since the opening day, and the effect of the scientific placing of the mirrors is simply magical. The spectators lose all sense of distance, and of their own personality. By advancing a single Btep one appears , to walk milos through ai/ ever-changing landscape, and gazing around on ^he vast throng it^s some time before one recognises, one's own face and, figuro, so numerous and bewildoring are the attit.Udes assumed by the complicated reflex in the mirrors, Mb. Walter Bentley, who is at present touring in Queensland, appeared last week in Hamlet and Richelieu at the Brisbane Opera House. On both occasions the theatre was crowded, and Mr. Bentley gained the same enthusiatic applause for his personation as he did in Melbourne. Amongst the present members of his company are Miss Kate Bishop, Miss Virginia Vivienue, Miss Ina Laurence, Miss Gladys Loigh, and Messrs. Lachlan MoGowan, A. M, Soatou, Mario Majeroni (who playod the Ghost), u-nd Jaraos Stark. Miss G. Arraytago-Noblo, tho daughter of the well-known actress, Miss Grace Armytage (Mrs. Cauipbell Bradley), who has come out by the Ophir to join Messrs. Brough and Boucioault's management for six months, made her first appearance on the ' English Btago in tho ohild's part of Adrienne in Love and Honour (in Miss Kato Vaughan's company), in which sho played for more than two years with groat success. She remained in this company for throe years altogether, and uoxt played Sybil Crake in tho first provincial production of The Bancing . Girl, This is a very favourite part with tho pretty actress, and one in which she was most successful. Among the many parts Miss Noble played in London and the provinces are :—Kate Morryweather in The Idler; Vera in Moths; Lottie in the Two Rosesj, and leading ingenues in Private Secretary, Arabian1 Nights, Confusion, Bungalow, The Little Rebel, and Creatures of Impulse. Her last part in England fwas" Mabel Bonnski, juvenile lead, in Broken Melody J * Mb. Edward Terry's Australian season commences, on June 24, when he opens in Sydney at the Lyceum Theatre with The Churchwarden. In the new comedy Mr. Terry will be supported by Miss Henrietta Watson, Miss Jennie Watt-Tanner, Miss Emma Gwynne, and Messrs. Sass, Leitch and Cathcart. Mr. George Belmore, for some time past stage manager at Terry's Theatre, is now in Sydney to assist in rehearsing the newly-formed company. Involved in the plans for the dramatic seasons in Sydney are the movements of the Royal Comic Opera Company. Mr. Williamson has sent forward his manager, Mr. Tallis, to prepare for the opening of the company in The Mountebanks at the Adelaide Theatre Royal tomorrow, and the vacancy thus left at the Princess Theatre is filled by the Lonnen- Conyers Gaiety Company. Mr. -Walter Raynliam returned from New Zealand to Melbourne last Friday, and has been followed by the whole troupe this week. The farewell Gaiety season, consisting entirely of revivals, will last about five weeks, and the principals will then sail for England after -a stay in Australia of some fourteen months. By the time of their departure, Mr. Edward Terry will be ready to make his d6but at the Princess Theatre, as his engagement with Messrs. Williamson and MuBgrove is for ten weeks only. His Sydney season will, in fact, be rigidly confined within the limits of one month. Towards the end of August the Princess will be the scene of the " big production " Mr. Williamson has been mysteriously hinting at for some months past. This will be the spectacular extravaganza, The Black Crook, with gorgeous scenery by Mr. Goatchor, and new ballet dancers and specialty artists lately engaged for that purpose in Italy and France during Mr. Musgrove's continental tour. 