OLD GBIDIGY'S GHOST. The Stranue Story of the Loss of tiie ' Oro Fino.' 'Why, Dunham, what's the matter? How your hand tromblos I Ara yott sick'?' ' No ; not oxactly.' , 'What tula you then?' Speak out, man; Have you been seeing a ghost , 'To toll tho truth, Maggie, I do fool n liltlo nervous this morning. I haven't mado ii trip theso twenty yoars that i ureaacu «ko ' Seen Old Gridley ngain V' I « Yes.' 'Pshaw ! I thought, that was it. Haven't you soon him a dozen timea 'be fore and nothing camo of it ?' ' ' This time he had hia aoxtant.'. AU this was at the breakfast- table. Bunlmm was mate of tho Oro Fino, mak ing tri-inonthly trips between Portland nnd San Francisco. Ho had sailed thirty years,' booh rouad the. world twioo, been captain about six years, but lost his ship nnd couldn't get anotlior, and ao was glad . to bo first mato of the Oro Fino. Dunham was in tho habit of seeing ghosts, or rather, n ghost, for ho novor saw but ono j that was old Gridloy. Oridloy was mato of tlio vessol on which Dunham mado his first trip'ns a ship- boy. That trip was Dunham's first, but Gridloy's last. Gridley had a passion for boating Bliip's boys with a ropo's ond ; lie died in tho act of boating Dunham with a ropo's end; Gridloy was taking an obsorvation: with the soxtant, and, ns tho boy was passing with a bucket and swab, a Buddon lurch of tho sliip threw him against the mato. Gridley seized a ropo's end, and was belaboring tho boy soundly when a boom, providentially left loose, struck him and knocked him overboard. Ever, since that, on numerous occasions, Dun ham had seeii Gridloy's ghost — usually with a ropo's ond, but sometimes with a soxtant. Ho had nevor been able to see any particular fatality portended by tho vision with tho rope's end. Ho had seen it a dozen times ; and on somo occasions, his best luck had soemed to follow tlio apparition. Not so wlion tho ghost with the sextant appeared. Ho had seen this only twice — onco, tho night before he foil from tho forotop and broke his log ; tho otlior time, tho night before his ship was cast away. Last night was tho third timo. He had awakened nnd found himself lying on his back. This room wo3 perfectly dark ; it wa3 also perfectly still. Dunham could soo nothing and could hear nothing. ? Nevertheless, ho felt that something or somebody was in tho room that ought to bo out of it. Hoalso folta draught of cold air. Dunham was no sticklor for ventilated apartments, and had carefully closed and loeked tlio window* botore re tiring.. Tlio air could not como from the windows ; neither could it como from tho bed-room door, for that opened into the sitting-room just opposito to a window, and if the door had been open ho could liuvo soon tho window. Dc3pilo his natural courago, Duuhani was frightened. He raised liimsolf oh his elbow very cautiously. Ho looked about tho room ; ho could soo absolutely nothing. Ho reached over to where Maggie, his wifo filopt— sho was thore. He moistonod his linger in his mouth and hold it up. Ho could then sensibly fool tlio draught of air coming from tho foot of Ilia bed. Ho got up and struck a light. Looking over his \- shoulder as ho did so, ho saw, at tho foot of his bed, old Gridley. It ivouid do no good to shout loud — his wife would only laug'u at him. Ho '.iud often waked her up to lock at tho gliost, but alio professed novor to soo it. It would do no good to could get ovor tho bar by taking the north channel;.' 'Whilo tho-firomen wore getting up steam, Dunham ran over to his friend's house— it was ouly a lew steps — and bade Jooy good-bye, and told him to be a good boy and mind his mother, and gave him sundry otlior icoms of good advice which I fear the youiig 'scapegrace did not attend to closely, boing ongaged in tho very amusing gamo of seo-saw with tho littlo girl of tlio houso. By threo o'clock the ship was fairly under way again. By fivo. sho was safely over the bar, and had put her pilot aboard a otcr.mor which was waiting on tho out sido to outer. Tho captain having been up all the previous night, went to his cabin and turned in for tho night. Tho passen gers-wore all either sea-sick or chilled by the cold wind, and had gone to their rooms . and into tho cabin. Tlio wheelman, by orders from Dunham, mado out Capo Dis appointment and Tillamook Hoad, and took his ranges from them and put tho Bliip on Iior course. Ho had only time to do this wlion a fog rolled up so dense that oven tho light on Oapo Disappointment could scarcely bo seen. Dunham assured himself that tlio ship was on Iior right courpby going into tho wlieelli0U30 mid looking for himself. Having dono this, and knowing tho coast perfectly, ho felt protty safe. Ho was a little ecnfusnd and nervous, however, URshgo Ke ivtencdown to tho cauiil anct overhauled his charts, and luauuiu aiming directions jusc as tnougii lie had novor mado tho trip beforo. Ho sooinod to be all right. 'Bring your vessol in range of Capo Disappointment and Tillar.iook Head, and then put hor about south by o.ist.' Ho had dnno this fifty times beforo, and had como out all right. To besuro that no mistake had beon made, ho climbed up to tho wlioel houso, and quietly askod the mail at tho wheel how ho had got his range. Ho an swered promptly and satisfactorily. Every thing was -according to orders. So Dunham cursed his norvousnoss, and - walked back to tho smoke-stack. Tho wind had gone down with the suu, but a heavy sea was running, and it was as dark as Tartarus. Dunham paced tho ?doek.for half an hour, thon wentj bolow to gothis .iloak. Boing ohilly, he went up to tho hurricane dock and sat with his back to tho smoko-stack. Boing nervous ho lit a cigar. Boing caroful, ho walked forward- to soo how things wero moving. Ho thought ho hoard a distant roar.. Ho listoned and- could hoar nothing. Ho walked back to tho Bmoko-staclc. In ton minutes ho came forward again. -He thought ho heard tlio roar of surf. He called to tho man at tho whool ; 'Abbot!' ' Ay, ay, air.' . ' How. does sho stand ?' 'Sou' by oast, sir.' That 'was all right ; that was tho course Dunham had put hor on. Ho wont to tho paddl.i-box and signalled , thu .o'rigine to stop. Then lio.called'a man and had tho lead -thrown. ' ' Twenty-four. Plenty of wator, ' thought . Dunham, and startod tho cn«iuo. Ho then -went to tho captain's, cabin and knocked. Tho cap tain did not hqa. thO' lirat timo, and ho: knoekod again. ' iVIio's there I' ' l'lto mato.' Tlio captain oponod a port near tho hoad of : liia berth, ' and an'tud him what tiie mattor was. . Du'.''' .1 reported. ' Tho captain told hin' a. is all right ; that it was foggy, niwi u roar of tho surf with such a ooa -n i.id no wind could bo hoard \ ton miles. Dunham rather thought so, too, and wont away. During this parley, and wlitlo tho mate stopped a few minutes i to look after things bolow, tho ship had 1 raade moro than two nnlos headway. By ' tho timo Dunham got on deck again tho roar of tho surf was frightful, IIo fairly scroamod at tho helmsman ; 'Abbott!' ' Ay, ay, Bir.' ' How's hor head ?' ' Sou' by east, sir.' Amazing J Dunham ran to Mo paddle box, nnd jorked a signal. Tho.engino stopped: Then ho rushed to tho captain's door and called him out in (ho name of the gods. Both flow on dock. Thero was no miBtako about it ; thero woro tho broakors not half a milo ahead, judging by tho sound, thundering and boiling against tho 8lioro. Dunham had almost run tho ship's head on shore, and that, too, when sho was holding preoisoly tho same course by compass that ho had put her on fifty times boforc. . Tho captain roarod : ' What's hor course ?' ' Sou' by oast, sir.' ' Put hor sou'wost.' ' Sou'wost, sir,' ocliood tho man at tho wheel, and tho wheel spun round and tho chains rattled. TJio captain rushed to the signal-bell and started the ongino, and got tho ship under good steering head way. Scarcely had sho startod on her now course when a 3criiping Bound was heard and folt — then bump, bump, bump, ns though tho sliip-hnd boon liftod up nnd set down hard. threo times ; then a crash and a sudden Btop that sont tho enptain ond mate on thoir faco3, and brought tho smoke-stacks crashing through the docks, and snapped off tho topmast like pipe stems. The ship had struck a sunkon rock, .and began to fill at onco. Who got to shbro, and how thoy got to ? shore, matters not. It is tho samo old story. Tho news sproad on wings. Moil camo and dragged the swollen corpses of their friends out of the surf, or dug them out of tho sand, or identified them in tho shed, or paced tho beach day if tor day looking out on the romorseless soa that sullenly clung to its dead. Tho captain and tho wheelman, Abbott, wont to Portland togethor — Dunham thoy novor found— arid there thoy talked ovi-r tho Btrango affair and exhausted all thoii ingenuity in vain to account for tho loss of 'tho ship whon on tho right courso on a still night. When tho wrecking-tnc* w.n ready, thoy wont out to tlio wreck. 1. still hung on tho rocks. Tho bows wore high out of water. Tho two men climbed up into tho wheel-house. Thoy unscrewed tho compass-box from its fastening and brought it on shoro. There they opened it, and lifted up tho card and needlo, and thero lay ths littlo instrument cf death — a broken knife-blade. The handle and the rc3t of the lilado woro in littlo Jooy Dunham's pocket. Ho had tried to pry out tho glass, to see what mado tho card swing around so whon ho held hi3 knife by° it, and in doing so had brok»-.i tho blado. He concealed his mis chiof and stole away. 