Reminiscences. There's a divinity that shapes our ends, Bough hew them how we will. ' Well, my young iriend, what is it that you* are reading— romance or fairy fable ?' I looked up and saw that my interrogator was none other than the old-time tragedian, Mr. B ? , who, as well as myself, had arrived . at the pleasant little sea town of Hanley the previous, evening to enjoy a change of air for a week or two. We had both registered at the same hotel, which re sulted in an acquaintanceship at the break fast table that morning. The manner of the venerable actor was most engaging-, and I congratulated myself that my sojourn in the place would be agreeably passed. In the afternoon I dis covered a little nook on the shore, which was shaded by a- huge rock, and taking a copy of Voltaire's ' Candide ' from my pocket, I stretched inysolf out for an hour's steady reading. I had scarcely tbne to get myself comfortably adjusted ere chance brought my friend -;i the breakfast table to my retreat. ' Ah, Voltaire, eh ! How that man . did abuse our immortal Shakespeare. Well, no matter ; his censure amounted to nothing.' After reviewing the career of that brilliant writer, his political, literary and theological views, our conversa tion, rested on his most amusing tale, ' Can dide,' in which the character of Dr. Pangloss appears, and -whose philosophy is that everything happens for the best in the end. ' Do you know, sir,' remarked the old actor, ' that during my three score years of active remembrance of events characterizing my sojourn on this terrestrial planet Pangloss's philosophy has always been my experience. ' During my early career 1 often became discouraged by experiencing more downs than ups, but as certain as night follows ) day, my dropping one rung lower on that j old ladder of tradition was succeeded '!:y two | -steps higher, so that you see success \ eventually came.' I had become quite in- i terested as the old gentleman proee-ede-I, ; and at lay request he regaled me witlx the j following narrative. I will tell it to you in ! Ms own words, but for obvious reasons ?will refrain from giving you. the ceramet names of the characters he mentioned. ' I set out in life at an early age — 15 — I as apprentice to a ?wholossl'? crockery j merchant, in whose employ I l-emained three I years. I had not been employed fliers | very long when Elvers, lhf-. eminent j tragedian, visited the place, and I, having attended a performance of ' Hamlet,' was so fascinated by the play that I determined to commit it to memory. My method in accomplishing this arduous, yet pleasing task was to lay the play open before me while I 'was occupied in my early daily task of dusting one thousand and one pieces of German and French china, and repeating, as I dusted, line after line to myself. I always took care to secrete the book before the ' boss ' came in, but one day, after I had got -well into the fifth act, I was discovered by my master, who, unfortunately for him self, did not know the difference between the masterpiece of English literature and ' Cherokee Jim's Last, Shot.' He rated me soundly for mj-j apparent neglect of 'his time. ' A month later I severed my connection ] with him, and, although I regretted the j move, immediately improved my position by being admitted as clerk in a leading mercantile house. Five years later a change in the management' of this house' occurred, and our former esteemed manager was re placed by an illiterate, unscrupulous., and unprepossessing specimen of manhood, who immediately began to depose nnost of the ! old staff, substituting liis own friends in j 'their stead. For some reason my services were retained, and I was so encouraged by ?, the promises of the new proprietor that at the age of 23 I married one of the young ladies of the establishment with whom I had been engaged for two years. Among 'the first to congratulate me was the new manager, who assured me that my prospects in -the business were excellent. He must have meant my future line of business, for a month after my marriage, ere I had a chance of replenishing my store of what had cost so much for marriage fees, &c;, that little misanthrope, Mathewson, asked me for my resignation, for no other cause, I subsequently found out, than that my wife, for reasons best known to ourselves, had omitted sending him a piece of wedding cake. I now found myself in a pickle. True, I had gained at least a wife in my last place, but, now that I had her, how was I to support her ? ' Having always had a great inclination for the stage, I decided to apply to the local manager for a position. ' There was no immediate opening, however, and for^ some time I found some newspaper work to do. Nine months later I was given \- a minor position in the little stock company then existing in the town, under the man .agement of Ned Mason, and one of the ladies of the company shortly afterwards retiring, my wife became an actress. Our business was not very good, in common with all other organisations of the kind, but this lack of support from the citizens was mainly due to the unpopularity of our leading man, Hubley. Tnis fellow had Mason -in his power in some way, and could not be dis charged. Matters were going from bad to ?worse, when one day news were received 'that Rivers, the same whose performance of Hamlet had bo fascinated me nearly 10 years before, -would play our town for one Bight in 'Hamlet,' an a fortnight He hearsala . were begun: immediately. ; I was given the part of Hbraiio, and Hubley in volved himself In the Ghost and Laertes. ? ' ; ' The fortnight paissed '; quickly, and on the ^yeptiKe^^ai i^hiMiyerB arrived. We had two rehearsals .-iihe ? ; next day, when' it became quite perceptible to the tragedian 'that ;Hubley, in-; additaoii to knowing 3us lines very imperfectly^ '.^as still more igno rant of stage business ; ljone^quently he got into every Wdy^s-^ay^jpOTled. Hamlet, .trod on Ophelia's toes^ aiidj' in short, behaved himself like a. - policeman, inasmuch as he .was never to be found when or where he was wanted.;; -, .. ??? ' ? ? . : ?' Eivere's filry ^temper .was greatly tried, but it became .^ully: ignited when Hubley ; calmly antiinated to Hum that a larger audi ence -would gather were he to play Hamlet Mmself. Fortunately for himself Tie 1*ra& ? rushed out o£ -the-iiow infuriated tragedians presefiee,.brjt^^fa¥ie^ of 3n(^';;dtory would have probably lead much different. 'Ham \^jb'*-li^'#i6ib-wim:piayed'.in our little tow ^ since Rivers had 'been there last, when I was a boy, and a crowded house was assembled long before the advertise/I time of commencing the performance. Speaking in a general sense the whole town and its . vicinity came to r the theatre, but as only a little part could get, in, the streets were full j of disappointed people, wandering about / like lost sheep, and. feeling that any other] 'amusement short of : Hamlet ' was ' stale, j flat, and unprofitable.' ' Rivers had gone to the theatre earlyin order to superintend arrangements, after which he retired to his dressings-room, where, after dressing for the role he was to assume, | feeling very thirsty, he poured out a turn- j blerful of water into a glass ajid took a i hearty drink, tasting as he did so a peculiar j essence, of 'which he took no farther notice at the time. He very soon be^ran to feel quite heavy, however, and in a f e~w moments became a very sick man. The manager was called for and. the call boy was -dispatched for a physician. An examination of the water proved that it contained some drug which had no doubt caused the trouble. The call boy upon hearing the physician's ver- j diet, stated that he had seen Hubley in the i room emptying the contents of a p.hial into the pitcher, but, being under the impression that he was mixing a beverage for liis own use, gave the matter no further thought. ' No clearer proof of Hubley's guilt was wanted. He had drugged Bivers to pl'ay the role he coveted so much hiraself. He might have spared himself the trouble, however, for Ms little scheme had been immediately seen through and Rivers was determined he should not be his substitute. Hubley had no idea that his stratagem had been disco vered, and momentarily expected to be called upon to assume his star's role. ' Rivers recovered somewhat as a rysalfc of tho physician's emetic, but was far too weak to walk when the hour arrived for the curtai:: to rise. 1'oor Mason was in an in tense .st.iie of excitement. ' What on earth F.hall we do, Jiiver.s r ' he asked, *' the house is packed to the eellisig, and the boys a-re raising a terril-l« row in the gallery. Mo you know that I Lave an idea that S ? tho. young feline- whose wife plays Ophelia, is friinilia-r witii tbe text, and with a per-' &c-x.ril;' explanation from yourself might pi'sftibly 'be a~-»':»Jied as a substitute by the audiauce. What dr.* you say.' *?' Just the num. : '' faintly ot. claimed the unfortunate Siver*-: : '?' send for him.' WhcTS told I 'was wanted I was hard at work ^!u.i'»£j oh Horatio's nmstachios, and you can ::.*ua-vi-'-3 my- surprise when told to dress iir-m^dia-Uily for Hamlet. I hastened ] to the s: .ik txagediac's room., when the whole j incident '*vo.s explained to me by Rivers and | Mason, ootl« -*i. whom vere much amused j at tho astoiiistiTjicnt I expressed that they ' should, have chosen, me for such a trying ! part. 'When I returned to the general dress- ; ing room I told Hubley of my good fortune. ; ' I shall never forget the look that rested on the man'a countenance as he heard the \ unwelcome tidings. I thought he was going to faijit, but by a great effort he recovered j himself and walked away. Unable to speak j a word with vexation he vented his spleen ! on the forces of young men with thin legs ! cariying spears and shields, commonly i called- ' supers.' Each member of the com- j pany congratulated me, ajid iny dear wife j naturally went into rapftires. In the mean- j time Rivers, supported by Mason and the j physician, advanced to the front of the cur- '- tain, and in a few words explained that \ owing to a sudden attack of illness it would be impossible for him to perform that even- I ing, but that Mr. B— ? , whom they all favorably knew, would be his substitute. Promising them a return date very shortly, ; he was assisted to the left entrance, where' he sat in an easy chair and witnessed most of the performance. -The audience was at first disposed to recalcitrate, and several withdrew, but subsequently quietened down and the curtain rose before the court of Den mark. All I can remember of what fol lowed is that when^I walked on I felt as if the stage was rocking like a cradle, and * a little more than kin,' &c.;, was not even audible to myself, but by a great effort I * braced up,' and the result *of the perfor mance was an engagement for myself and wife to join Rivers, who had decided to carry a company to Australia for an ex tended tour. ' Hubley was hooted out of the theatre, and the morning paper critic, having got on to the cause of the whole incident, published a full account of the affair, so that Hubley wisely got out of the town. My wife and myself remained in the support of Rivers for six years, and I -was beginning to con gratulate myself that, if our fortunes con tinued for a year or two more I would be enabled to buy a little property, but one day the Melbourne Royal Bank, in which I had deposited my earnings, exploded, and a week later poor Rivers died suddenly, and once move poverty stared. -me in the face. Our company, before disba.Tidi.ng, had a meeting, and the oldest member proposed that I might attempt to ' star,' and so keep the company together. ' The idea had not previously come to me, and after a few minutes' reflection I decided to make a trial of my talents and what popularity I had, and continued in that way until my retirement three years ago. . The death- of my Mnd benefactor, which. I had at first looked upon as my ruin, you see opened the way to an independent career, and subsequent fortune. After all,* the world does not go so badly.' The veteran's narrative had continued to a considerable time after sunset, and at its conclusion -we hasted back to the .hotel. — F. T. Graham in New Yoke Cupper. ' 