DTI. TWISTER'S PATIENT. «T\R. ERASMUS TWISTER was seated in hie consulting- room eennting up his fees, when his much bs-bnbtoned boy brought him a card. " Ah 1 Dr. Brigge ie in the waiting-room ?" asked the great Twister, after wading the name. At tr !— X OBOue "Good I When I sound tho gong enow him m." " Yuesir." And the boy of many buttons retired. . The well-to-do doctor looked at the card and chuckled. He put away hie fees, and ,l looked at hie watch. He had nothing to do, but it would be in very bad taste to let hie young rival know that ; ee ho kept him waiting in tbo adjoining room wuuo trimmed hie naile, yawned, turned over the pogea of an illustrated moganne, and vxveed again. Onoe more he looked at his a. he had kept hi. viritor wait- ine twenty minutee he sounded the gong, and taking a ehoet of paper began to write a Buttone'lntroduced Dr. Brigge-a yonng man of thirty or thereabouts, thin, anxious, with carefully-brushed olothes of professional out, a little worn and. shiny bera and thero. "Good morning, Air.— Ah— " "Briggs." "Mr. Briggs, to he sure. Kindly take a zest — I shall be disengaged in one minute." " Don't hurry on my account, I bog." "Thank you. Hum— yes— ah— just so. And then the elder doctor put away bis paper, and turning hie obair reund faoea hie visitor with the moat affable smilo, and said, "And now, Air. Briggs, how are we this morning ? How are we getting on with our new pruotice, hoy ? Lots of patients — lots of foes — rising man-"brilliaat prospects, hsy ?" "No, sir. Up to tho' present time I have net taken a single fee. Jones, who sold me ' tbe praotioe, cheated me, sir I trusted his wora, and I have been shamefully deceived." " I'm very grieved to hear this. Tut I tut ! very distressing indeed. _ And you have a wife and a yonng family — twe or three ohildren, Mr. Briggs!" " Three, sir. My wife's money and my swn are sunk in thie practice, and the con stant anxiety and disappointment are break ing our hearts, sir— slowly." "Dear, dear. Very shooking, to fas sore. What, not one patient !" Tbs doctor trisd to look as if he regretted his brother practi tioner's ill fortune. " One only, sir, and it ie not certain that I shall get anything out of that ens, without yourossistanoe." " Anything, in reason, that I can do yon may be euro 1 shall do willingly. Anything— in reason." ' " I will exploin it to you, said Dr. Briggs, and after a pause bo proceeded with some embarrassment — " ths oaoe is a peouliar one. I am commissioned to find an authorised mediool man to act with me in certifying ths insanity of a young woman, whose parents dssire to place her in a lunatic asylum. " Mr. Briggs dropped his eyes to the floor; Dr. Twister regarded him with a glaace ef suspicion. " Nothing can ba more simple, say dear Mr. Briggs, and I shall have great pleasura in acting with you if I find that the young woman you speak ef is ineans — and of course yon would not make such a proposal to me unless you were perfectly convinced of ths fact yourself." "That is the difficulty, sir," said Dr. Briggs. "Tho young woman is perfectly reasonable on every point save ens ; and on that she is as mad as oan be. She insists that her father and mother are conspiring to put her in on asylum in order that they may got the handling of a Urge sum of money— whiCbeoomes lierVat "tfce"age'eFtwenty; one." " Is it a fact that she is heiress to that fortune?" " Her father and mether strenuously deny it. They deolars she hat no money and never will have." " Do you believe the daughter is madl" asked Dr. Twister, fixing bia eyes on the unfortunate and needy young practitioner. Dr. Briggs shifted uneasily on his chair under this scrutiny, and replied evasively— " In the absence of proof to show that ths father and mother art liars I am bound to believe them ; and, believing them, I can only regard the girl'a assertion as a proof of insanity." " Very true." Dr. Twister was far toe prudent a doctor to let his suspicions be ssea. "Unfortunately," said Dr. Briggs, "unfor tunately the appearance tf tbs parents it o against them." " How, my yonng friend!" ' In aonlideuce I must inform yen, sir, that Mr. and Mrs. Barker — that is their name— are the most villainous-looking oouple 1 have ever seen. Ono would bo inclined to bclievo the daughter rather than the parents — if one allowed eneeslf to be prejudiced by appearances." "Of course, appearances in many oases arn deceiving. Miss Barker is not repul sive!" "Not at all. She is plain, but her con dition excites compassion. She is young, and she is emotional. I admit that nine out of ten doctors would sympathise with her, and agree tbat har parents were conspiring infamously to destroy her for their own bass onds. I admit, sir, that I hesitated to accept the commission offered me, and that I should fear resentment from any dootor but you, who know my position, and how necessary a patient is to my existence. I knew that at least I might depend upon your impartial consideration of the case if I laid it before yen." " Yen did quite right. I snail ho at liberty to-morrow afternoon, and ws will go together and see Miss Barker. Depend upon it, I will consider her cast with strict impar tiality." Dr. Twister senndsd the gong and rose. Dr. Briggs expressed profuse thanks. "Two e'olock — afterneon — to- morrow," aid Br. Twister, smiling blandly, as Dr. Brijggs, fumbling with his hat, bowed him- elf out of the roem. " Hm !" said Dr. Twister, when he was tlone. ' "This will about finish my pra- lumptious yeuug rival I If, as I expect, I find that ho is trying to shut up a poor girl ia an asylum, nsy lady patients shall knew it, and there'll bo an end of any sympathy with my young friend, Dr. Briggs." At twe e'oleok tbs following day iho £?, o doctors repairsdia Dr. Twister's " pill-box " to tha outskirts ef the town where the Barkers lived. Tbsy stopped before ths greuit iron gates of a ragged, uncultivated garden, which surrounded a dilapidated and long uninhabited house. A murder hod been committed in the house, and the ghost ef the murdered individual was said to baunt the place. For this reason, or because of its particularly gloomy and dismal appear ance, the house had been to let for five years. If Miss Barker was not actually mad, incarceration in such a prison would be likely to make her so. This wasthethoughb that passed through Dr. Twister's mind as he looked through the gates and across the weedy space at tho weather-stained bouse with its curtain'eus windows. A high wall skirted the grounds ; tbs gates were locked. Dr. Briggs pulled the piece of string that communicated with the boll ; tho bell answered with a nets like a funeral knoll. A bent woman, with ragged grey hair, and a coloured handkerchief bound over one eye, came from the Eouse. "Mrs. Barker,". whiepeitd Dr. Briggs. "Hm. Husband's oaea beating her, I appose!" " I don't know. Her eye wax all right yesterday." ' :-"Oh; it's vou, ia itV'. saifi Mrs. Barker, . . seeing ,Dr. Briggs,, asd;< then ahs slowly i > : unlocked tliF iTAto <stid oot cAm to rolocic 1 A I'm ib» m diptws »4 wMkwiiktJ MTs Mr. Barker at home?" aeked Dr. Bl?es. You'll find him in tha front room. I'm a doing a bit o' washing." She pointed to a row of ragged stockings and shirts dangling on a hue stretohod between two stunted trees. " So I won't trouble to go indoors if you onu find your way." "lean find my way porfectly well," said Dr. Briggu ; and bo led Dr. Twister up tho steps, across tho unswopt hall, and into tho front room. Throe obairs and a deal table constituted tho furmturo. A powtor pot and a clny pipo lay upon the table, and in one ef tha ohairs net a man in his shirt sleeves sleeping, with his ohin en Ills breast. A more blotchy, villainous-looking man oould not be imagined. " Mr. Barker," whispered Dr. Briggs, and then ho began to scrape his foot anu oough to signify his presence. Mr. Barker with a loud grunt raised his head, looked at his visitors stupidly through his half-closed eyes a minute, and then said, as he suddenly recognised Dr. Briggs, "Ask your pardon, gents. 1 didn't 'spect yon quite 's early. If my wife wasn't such an old fool she'd a let me know." With many apologies of this kind, Mr. Barker rose, put on the ceab which lay on the floor, and smoothed down his short, stubborn orog of hair. " I suppose you would like to see Martha," said he. when these personal attentions were completed. "Of course; and the soener the bettor, if you please," said Dr. Twitter, majes tically. " I'm 'bleeyed for to kesp her looked up, in case she should break out voilent, don't ye know," said Mr. Barker, taking the koy off a nail in the wall. He led the way upstairs, unlocked a door, and, throwing it opon, revealed his daughter. She was a pale, thin girl, vsry neatly and simply dressed ; she sat by theopon window, which overlooked a brickfield, aud had a book in her hand. Dr. Twitter regarded har for bwo minutes in silence, and then turning to Mr. Barker and Dr. Briggs, he said, very coldly— "I wish to make my examination in private. Allow me to close tho door." This ho did, leaving Mr, Barker and Dr. Brigga on the outer side. Dr. Twister was closeted with Miss Barker for a long time. " I cannot form an opinion as to the state of Miss Barker's mind until I have seen her several times," said he to Mr Barker. " I shall call again about this hour to- morrow In the meantime, you must mve heras much liberty as she requires, that I may see if that diminishes ths halluoination — if hallucina tion it bo— under which sho at present suffers." "Liberty, sir," said Mr. Barker. "You don't suppose I'm going to lay myself opon to all manner ef trouble en account of hor violence, do you ! " " I will answer for it that sho is neb violsnt. No doctor— that is, no doctor with a reputation tosustain — will givo acortificute until he has proved to hie own satisfaction that his patient's disease ia not curable by simple remedies." " Wall, I don't mind lotting her have tho ran of the garden." "That will suffice, New, I am to under stand frem you emphatically, Mr. Barker, that there is no ground whatever for your daughter's statement with regard to tho inheritance of her aunt's property ! " " Why, blow me, she ain't got no aunt — and never had one, as I know on. I can't say no more than that. As I said to Dr. Briggs here, I can't prove that nothing ain't whioh never wasn't, except by saying of it, can I 1" " Very good. I shall require that state ment in writing to-morrow." " I don't mind putting my hand to paper as far as that goes," said Mr. Barker, after oomo consideration. ... _ , x'ua aoocorm&ao; a short now, and retired with Dr. Briggs. " My ysung friend," said Dr. Twister, when they were seated in tho brougham, " this is ono of tho clearest attempts at fraud whioh ever came under my notice ; and were it not for consideration of your innocent wife., and children, I should denounce you at once as a participator in this most infamous conspiracy. " Oh, my dear sir, I beg you to have mercy on my poor wife, and to think of my desperate situation." " I do. I also think with emotions of the tenderest kind of that unhappy young woman." "You think thero is not tho slightest cause for considering her a lunatic." " Not the slightest in the world. She is as sane as I am. But what might result .'rem ths treatment ef such a villain as her father I will net undertake to say. From such s fete I em resolved to eovo hor If it is possibls." "How, sir!" "That is my sooret,"aaid Dr. Twister. " As you value my meroy, and as you dread exposure, you will seoond the efforts I make on behalf of that poor girl." " Be assured, sir, that I shall." 7 Dr. Twister made half-a-dozen visits te Miss Barker. Then he made a proposal to Mr. Barker. He undertook to take charge ef Miss Barker for twelve months free of expense But as Martha weuld bo 21 in six months, her father emphatically refused to accept the offer. " She is my daughter," iftid he, " and she don't leave me until iho enters a proper asylum. Not she." Then Dr. Twister mode a strong resolve. '' Mr. Briggs," said he, after paying the seventh vieit to Miss Barker, " I am resolved te save that girl at any ceet, and I make no hesitation of disclosing my plan to you, as I oan punish ysu at any moment by revesting your part in this nefarious scheme if you attempt to thwart, or if you refuse to sssist my projeot." "I am in yeur hands, air, and my conduct will prove my gratitude better than my werds." " Geod. New, I have arranged with Miss Barker— whom I find to be a young woman ef decent education, of good feeling, aud not unpleasing appearance— to escape from her father's oustody. Further, I hart obtained a license and shall make her my wife. To-night, by means ef a ladder, I shall carry her off, and te-morrow I shall have a legal right to protect her, and save her fortuna from falling into the hands of that scoundrel her father. This will necessarily take me away frem my patients for a oouple of days at the leaet. During that time you will attend to thorn — and little as you may expect euch generosity — I shall pay you for your services, shall take you round with me this afternoon, and you will oarry out ray instruc- tione with the utmost care. Dr. Briggs overwhelmed hia magnanimous rival with the expressions of his gratitude, and called Heaven to aid ths successful carrying out of the great Dr. Twister's humane scheme. Dr. Twister carried off Martha Barker and made her his wife. He was in constant communication with Dr. Briggs and his patients, and finding that everything was going on as well as cculd be wiqhed, he extended tho length of his honeymoon, Indeed, with a wife who would soon be in legal possession of eighteen thousand pounds ho could afford to neglect his practice, and take that holiday which ha had so long denied himsolf. He found hie wife a very agreeable voman, and had no reason to repent hio marriage until towards the end of the month, when his wife exhibited symptoms of a most alarming kind. She said ehe felt much bettor. The change had done her good ; and she began to doubt the truth of tbat statemont she hud mado in her illness. In fact, she felt sure that her dear " Itassy " need not trouble himself toeaud for a lawyer te investigate her oase and seek her missing aunt, for she was positively certain that she bad no rich aunt, and that ber supposition as to tbe inheritance was but an idle fancy, which would not longer troubls her stow sltA nod I t » -Ji. s ' Meanwhils, Dr. Briggs was becoming the idol of Dr. Twister's patients, and the best part ef them declared that henceforth they would never have that stupid old dootor, with his pompous airs and noxious ineffica cious drugs to attend them. This was very agreeablo to poor Charlie Briggs, and he spent many a pleasant even ing with his old friends, J. D. Barker (of the T.R. Mashbarougb) and his wile— who without their wigs and paint looked no more villainous than any other pair of low comedians— in congratulating themselvee on the happy idea which had occurred to thorn in the time ef their adversity, whereby Dr. Briggs had obtained a praotioe, and Mr. and Mrs. Barker, a well-to-do iiusband for their poor, plain Martha. For the blow which Dr. Twister had incurred there was no remedy but time. It would have ruined him to expose the facts, and although he saw plainly that he had been dupea, he never attempted to punish those who had taken him in, for their retalia tion was to be feared. He was very bitter witb his wife for seme time, but he wisely dscided after awhile te make tbe best of a ' bad bargain ; and Martha responded so readily to hie kinder overtures, and showed herself — as many plain wivor, do — Buch an amiable, considerate, and lively companion, that he came in the course of time to regard his bargain as a good one after all. One thing it did, it taught hint humanity, and the result of that leseen is that sometimes the two doctors, their wives and children, and Mr. and Mrs. Barker, sit down te dinner at the same table — and enjoy it. — Man tf the JVorlel. A PHENOMENAL. HORSEMAN. Ths greatest physical achievement ever accomplished in America was the rids of F. X. Aubrey from ths plaza of Santa F 4, N.AL, to the publicsquart at Independence, Mo., a distance of nearly eight hundred miles, through s country a large part ef which was then a sandy desert, and inhabi ted by warlike Indians. It was in the year 1851. Aubrey was a short, heavy-set man, 38 years of i age, in the prime ef manhood and strength. His business for ten 'years as a Santa F£ trader had made him perfectly familiar witb the trail and all tbe stopping : places. He was a perfect horseman, and although there were great riders in those days, none of them cared to dispute the palm with Aubrsy . For a wagsr of £200 he undertook to ride alone from Santa F4 to Independence in less than six day. He sent half-a-dozen of his swiftest horses ahead to be stationed at different points for use in the ride. He left Santa Ft ataswespinr jrallop, and tbat was the paoe he kept ub during nearly every hour of the time until he fall fainting from his foaiii-oovered horse in tho square at Independence. It took him just fire days and nineteen hours to perform the feat, and it cost the lives of several ef his best horses, After being carried into a room of the old hotel at Independence, Aubrey lay for ferty-eigbt hours in a dead stupor before be cams te bis senses. He would never have recovered frem the shock had it not been for his won derful constitution. The feat was unani mously regarded by Western men as tho greatest exhibition of strength and endur ance ever known on the plains. After his ride he became the lion ef tho West, and was dined and fftted at St. Louis as though he had been a conquering fasro. He finally met his death at ths hands of a friend. One day, in 1854, in an altercation with Major Richard H. Weight man, the great rider was stabbed te tbe heart, and dropped dead in a Santa Ft saloon. Ho was buried in an unknown grave, and nil that is remembered of him is his remarkable ride. FAIRLY GOOD FISHING. \-- Cuiiovrn UP. r. Keator is tbs biggest li— > I mean ths best story-teller, and ths best advertising men, who ever escaped from Congress. "Did you find good fishing otit there!" nquired a friend, shortly after the Colonel's return frsm the State of Washington. " Well, yes ; pretty fair. But at first I thought It was a poor country, for I threw a fly for a whole day in Snoqualams river, and snly caught twenty mountain trout. Tbat discouraged me. Didn't try it again' until the salmon trout began to run. " Yeu found it better then!" suggested the friend. "Yes ; a trifle. We were at Black Jack Creek, near Sidney. There were several fish there. The fact ia, that when we wanted to cress ths stream, ws found ne difficulty in using the backs of the salmon for stepping- etones. Passed over dry-shod ovary time I We took aceupls pitchforks, and loaded a lumber waggon-box full in three hours. Haven't done such work tinea I helped in ths liayfield when a bey." " Was that ths extent of yeur Washing- ten fishing!" inquired ths friend. "No. We stopped off en the other slept of the Cascade Range, and tried snr luck in the Green river. But there's no iport in fishing in that stream." "That's queer," exclaimed the friend. "I supposed that was one of the best trout streams in Washington. Perhaps you'hsp- pened to strike it on a day when the fish were lazy." " Lazy, great heavens I Why, man alive ! tbe fish there are absolutely savage. We actually bod to get behind a tree for a chance to bait our hooks. Ne, sir, there's ne sport for m« in that kind if fishing." A GREAT SCHEME. "I BAT, old man, could you 1st mo havt a half-sov until to-morrow?" said Williamson to M'Dreuth, as ho met that gentleman | coming out ef a public-house tbe other morning, " I came down town without my purse through mistake j but if you can lend mo half a sot. that will do me for to-day." " Awfully fssrry," was the reply ; " but I've only get a five-pound note, ana I don't wan't to break it." I " Why 1" asked tbn other. "Well," rejoined M'Dreuth "it's thin I way; It wants an hour of mid-day yet, and since eight o'clock I'rs had six bsera and two glasses of whisky en that £5 note, and the scheme's too good to spoil." "I don't understand," remarked William son, with a puzzled expression. "Don't you?" retorted Mac. "Man alive! it's quite simple. I celled for whatever I wanted in each oase, drank ib, and threw down tho £5 note in payment. In svery pub I'vo tried yet the bar keeper had nocknngs. Sex? Tn, ta. Must be going." IT WAS AN ACCIDENT. "I understand," remarked tho pelito reporter te tho eloso-moutbed manager ef a western railroad noted for its pser time,! "that shore was an nocidaat ««» lead ' last night." ' " Oh, do yen t " was tho sarcastic reply : " Yes, sir," "Do you knew anything absub it?" " Only that it happened te the train whioh was due here at 8.15." " That train came in promptly on time, sir," said the manager firmly. "Are yeu sure of that!" " Of course I am." "Thanko. That must have been the accident rofsrred to," and the reptrtor dodged eut safely. She (at her desk) ; "Dear, plasm tell mo how to spell costume. I'm writing te mether about my lovely new gown." He: "Well, are yeu ready)" She: "Yes." ' He: "Cost, osot." , She: "Yes." He: "T-e, to." . , . She: "Well!".. .< . He: "M- me— £20, asystsnntid." Sb» ; YM'M a wntofcil; 