LONDON WEEK BY WEEK. LWBITTEN AUD LLLTJBT»ATBFI BY HABBT FOTNISS.] 6,: .. London, Juno 16. | *,Is Mr. Gladstone to be gagged 1 The senior member for Northampton and the member for "BarkBhire/better known as Toby, M.P., an well as other Gladstonians, eeem to think the Premier is too voluble. In fact, he is his own obstructionist, and they.xnove the closure upon him. In their opinion he ought to leave more work to his lieutenante; but, as I remarked before, the Home liule Bill is aone-part play, and when the chief actor leaves the.stage the action ceases and the piece ia in jeopardy. THE GBAND OLD MAN GAGGED. It iB a tremendoiiB undertaking for bo old a man, and in that faob lies the interest. Take him out of it for. a month,and Home.Rule is lost for thus session. All the. Committee-rooms would be occupied by the separate parties, holding, meetings to consider their differences and resignations and various equabbles. It is sad to Bee - the Grand Old Man fighting singlehanded, but there is no help for it, and gagging ; him is an impossibility. BOOTH, AFTER SER a&ANT.; The death of the great American tragedian is deeply felt in the theatrical world of London, as the pretty and pathetic cable gram from Irving and othbrs to Clement Scott testified. Booth had made a host of friertds' during hie two years in this country,' and a legion of admirers by his grand Shaksperian impersona tions. I was speaking to him in New. York ° ycki He was aM&fld; in- his favourite armchair by the fireplace in the large room of the "Players' Club,"-close to his own portrait, painted by Sergeant. His beautiful expressive face lit up as we spoke of friends.in London; but he was. even then fading away. Apropos of this portrait, I received some lines from an anonymous correspondent; .why,sent to me I fail to see, but here they are, and I add a slight sketch of the portrait to show thit the satire is probably better than the versifying BOOTH UPBRAIDING His TAILOB. Know'et thoa, vila Schneider, how thy bungling hath Stirred the great aqtor'a mighty soul to wrath ? How oan, he move with bis majestic stride While flop his pant*, and gods above deride? Go, wretohed fraction ot the full-formed man, . . Go, .and red reaa your victim as quickly aa you can. "There was a demonstration in London last Saturday in favour of the Local Veto Bill. "This is Bung's funeral" was inscribed on a large white flag with a wide black border, and other suggestions, remarks, aiid emblems, without which no. demonstration now is considered-complete. All must agree that drink, is the cause of much misery, and all would willingly do everything in reason to alter the present sad state of many of our countrymen; but BO many want to reform without reason that they defeat their own ends. I must say the cham pions of temperance are a sorry lot to look at, and their prin cipals are too fanatical and unfair, I think, to judge by appearances. A little holiday from temperance would do them no harm. On one of the banners on Saturday was in scribed, " What! rob a poor man of his beer ? Yes, and give him good victuals instead," whilst a few days- before Ernest Hart assured us all that we ate too much meat, and that eating to excess killed us 1 Now there is no doubt teetotallers eat too much ? and. are, too fond of sweetB- that may account for their pasty faces and irritable temper. Last Saturday's proceedings were relieved by - Sir William Harcourt, who is responsible for the Veto Bill, putting in an appearance. Here is the account given of the gentleman's venture, in the principal Gladstonian organ:-" It was Sir William Harcourt again with his wife. Not content( with seeing the procession, he was carrying still further his investigations into the. strength of the feeling on behalf of his Bill. Accompanied by a few of Sir Wilfrid Lawson's pioneers and of the Volunteer Park Escorts, whose protection, however, proved quite unnecessary, Sir -William walked round the field, his train of admirers sweeping a'ter him past the platforms like a great comet in a planetary system. There were frequent cries of. ' Speak, speak,' . but the right hon. BANKER FOB. SIR WILLI AW, gentleman remained mute. From time to time he raised bis hat or gave a military salute with his hand, but be had not counted on attiacting so much attention, and Boon tried to escape. Beaching one of the walks he found matters worse, for to the other embarrassments uf an eager crowd was added that of clouds of dust kicked up by running feet." " The great comet in a planetary system" is good. The Tinuta states that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was followed by a volunteer herald, who announced his name "to those who were not sufficiently familiar with contemporary cnricature to be acquainted with his face and figure." Surely Sir William ought to have carried his own banner. MADAMB CALVE. Madame Calvtf in "Carmen" at the opera is a musical add an artiBtic triumph. If ever that gifted lady should lose her i beautiful singing voice I would propose her 1 having " Carmen" adapted as a play, and ' a good play too it would make. She would certainly take tha town by storm. < by her finished acting alone I'll go < further in my dreadful suggestion and j eay, if she lost her voice altogether, she J could act "Carmen" in dumb show a la | " L'Enfant Prodigue," and still fill the j theatre, so graceful and perfect is her i acting. Add to it her voice, and you 1 have a treat seldom, if ever, rivalled upon 1 the operatio etige. Sitting the other ( night in a crowded house, listening to , this charming opera, I asked myBelf a I question I have failed to answer. Why i does the majority of London society go to < the opera ? Not to heai the music-they ! talk to each other; not to 6ee the per formance-they look at each other. Yet s surely not to talk and see each other, for < they do that in a dozen places during the 1 day and night. It a duty, I. suppose. ! Certainly, to all appearances, not a ( pleasure. By-the-way, the array of diamonds *afc' the opera this season is greater than ever--and yet no one has any money! The mashers are wearing gloves in the theatre again, and black waistcoats in place of white ; indeed, the white waistcoats with evening dress are doomed. It was customary fpr gueBts dining at. Marlborough Home to don this artiole, but this fashion has tecently been altered. When one saw two or three men.in a London Club late in the-;evening in white waistcoats it was^well known where they had dined ; therefore, those who were not in the habit of knocking at) Marlborough HoUsedoor, butof having a, quiet chop, sported these distin guishing' gatmente. "It is only to be known that the Prince has returned to the orthodox black for the white waistcoat to vanish entirely.. Everyone is familiar with'the astrachan waistcoat of Lord Salisbury, and that part of the raiment of thf ex-Chairman of Committees, Mr. Courtney, was a thing of beauty yellow, with brass jjuttons. Mr. Lucy has devotedeeyeral pages of his " Diary of the Salisbury Parliament" to the lato Joseph Biggar'e waistcoat, and all that were present during the baiting- of the unfortunate W. E. Forster, when ChiefSecrecary for Ireland, by the Irish members, will not readily forget bis aggressive waistcoat of extraordinary pattern, which bulged out in gorgeous array and quelled his adversaries. . ' . - MB. SEXTON. \- The action taken by Mr., Sexton in throwing up his seat in the House in consequence of ft dispute with »Mr. Tim Healy over the Freeman's Journal is reeeived by both sides of the London "Press with delight. The Gladstonians point to the incident as showing that the Irish party will. not be united, but cut up into sections in their Parliament, and that,' therefore, the Ulster men will have - equal strength, so that Englishmen ought not to oppose Home Bule any further. At the same time the Union Press are exultant, pointing to the split as another proof of the absurdity of giving Home Bule to''those who cannot agree among themselves. I believe Mr. Sexton was merely bluffing, sod vanity is the sole cause of his attempt-at political suicide, for the same reason as some, strange beings have at one time and another allowed the announcement of their decease to be reported, so as to read the sice obituary notices about ^themselves. , Mr. (Sexton, no doubt, is one of the Cleverest men in the House. He "orates," as 'Americans Bay. aud deserves hi? . "iChStitllC uf "'^Yllliuig He is a little manj with a curiously shaped head, small in stature, and wears short trousers. He has a strong belief in Thomas Sexton,' and it is no secret that he is anythicg but popular with his own party. The Four-in-hand Club held thuirjrefcmset.of the season in Hyde Park last Wednesday. Compared with the Coaching Club meet of the previous Saturday it was not a good show,: indeed some of the teams might well be on their way to the knacker s yard m place of parading to Hurlingham. A little incident at the meet of the Coaching Club is worth recording. Mr. Frank Gossett, the popular Assistant Sergeant-at-ArmB, had a seat upon Mr. Segar-Hunt's coach. Unfortunately just as the coaches started this particular passenger, possibly nervouB at being gazed at by the crowd of admiring ladies at the Magazine corner, dropped his stick, and it fell into the road. What was he to do? Of course the coach could not be' atopped ; the order of the parade would be upset. The 'stick must not i be lost, so in an instant thb athletic sergeant {who, by-the-way, is famous on the tennis lawn) followed his stick. In an instant he Was off the coach, rescued his prize cane, plunged through the crowd, vaulted the Park railing, and dashed at full speed across the Park in the hope of catching the "STOP THIEF!" coach at the other side, needing not the cries of "Stop Thief!' " Hold 'im, and shrieks from the bewildered publio. He dashed through the crowd lining the south side, and flung himself in the roadway just as the coaches came round Bteadily. Mr. Segar-Hunt's much admired teams came a'ong, and in its way stood the valiant sergeant. The driver saw him. Yes,.. there was no'mistake; Frank' Gossett's double was there. It could not be Frank Gossett, for he was upon the coach. Re markable resemblance, thought the driver, as he neared the solitary figure in the road. Most remarkable, uncanny, un-the driver's hand trembled and the leaders swerved. Was it a ghost! Kervously he passed the mysterious double, and never looked back until the end of the journey. Then to hear the explanation and enjoy a good laugh. 