SalVatlonArmy. : On Aprfl 3 there was a great meeting of the ; .Salvation Army ia Exeter Hall, conducted by ..General.Booth, who was supported by Com ; imssioner Howard, Commissioner Cadman, Mr, • Brainwell Booth (chief of staff), Commissioner I Carleton, Mr. and Mrs. Banger, Colonel Ntcol, •. ; Colonel Stringer, and others. Mr. T. A.Denny • and Mr. Seagram were also present in the halL Tho meeting, though enthusiastic, lacked a i good deal of the intense excitement which :• usually characterises these gatherings. The proceedings were commenced by singing a hymn with a chorus -which was frequently re } peated. Commissioners Howard. aud Cadman J then engaged in prayer. The general prefaced [ Ins remarks by saying, that that was the last Ltimo he intended to refer to the worlc of the l&dvafciou; Army in relation to its past doings. \ fTrl^'irn 11 ha thf fnf- rrrii Tip tho press } ing*"rorward .with more (fworkof saving souls. Thc'ainis-of--th^army " ' j^fere threefold—first, to bring men and women Schick to God; secondly, to save them from their foinsand make them good; thirdly, having got Bhem saved, to organise them anu set them to ^Work". to . get others saved. His great ;?desire was to create a Holy Ghost en ;*thusiasrul so that his beloved comrades should go forth in tho coming year, and compel men • and women to got saved. From his account of : the work- ahd.auccess of the past year it ap peared that the army was now established in •33 different countries and colonies throughout L tho world, and its public work was carried on i in 21 .languages. There were 40 newspapers ' and magazines, printed in 21 languages, of j which there had been circulated during the past year 43,000,000. There wero 3,070 • stations ' or societies, controlled by 10,816 •officers, in addition to which there wore 19,758 local officers, and 12,229 bandsmen; audit was [ estimated that about 7,000,000 persons reached in some way or o th er^*«b^week. [ Duringthe Tear the'lffCoF^Hrs.;Booth had [vbeen published, and additional* newspapers •iwere - issued ia Benga3,. tho United States, \'Jaxnaica, West Australia, and cue specially lu'ttie'Unitbd States-there were now 4,008 officers and 1,250corps, but themost remarkable success had been in India. Three j thousand converts had . been added to :' the permanent force, and wcro now i "working ^among the hcatheu, and' 413'; r7Kiinri07inrjca: were stationed iii 297 towns. hln.' JwmopArta whole' trifioges had been cou >jested/1 eocial operations> had been ex-; r-Wufatij] carried ou m'.-variousparte of the; Hifo1d^6pmprii9it)g27 riumposte, 34 rescue homes,' {'far - fallen women, II homes for, 'discharged' criminals, 23 food depots and shelters, 16 labour -bureaus and workshops, and 4 farm colonics. He said it was a great mistake to suppose other large institutions suffered by contributions being diverted to thd army. Ho had gone care fully into tho mutter and found that all of the largo religious and philanthropic societies had . increased their income during the last six years t; from £ljl87,pU:to £1,412,494. The total in y-como of the army'last year was £19,390, apart ^from-their: fecial operations. For the social s »heme ho had asked for £30,000 per year, and J tho wholo amount received for the hist three t.yean (ml* averaged £3,000 a year. The meet I'iBg closed in the uruat way. 