Sensorial Illusions. What aro wo to believe a supernatural ap pearance? It is a most difficult point to decide. Nicolai, the bookseller of Berlin, was for months troubled by spootral appear ances of all shades, shapes, and almost colors; some the likenesses of dead and some of living -rrtnnjflngTnghtened, he became used to them, and, in fact, rather lonely without them. There were horse, dogs, cats, men and women. The latter presently began to talk to each other and to him. They oven suitod their voices—to his ear—in the con versations of his real friends. Nicolai, who was apparently in good health, was escorted in this way from New Yoar’s Day till 20th April, 1791. The doctors, who wore convinced that the ghosts were the result of a disordered system, treated him vainly. Surely here was a oase beyond even the peradventure of a doubt. But presto I comes an unbelieving medico, and with fiendish ingenuity bethinks him of leeohea. They were applied, and as they drew away the blood the ghosts grew pale and paler, till at last they entirely dis appeared. At the time of applying the leeohes, the room was full of spectres, moving about and speaking cheerfully to each other, as ghosts with good consciences may be supposed to do. Ere eight o’clock that night, they had entirely disappeared, and poor Nicolai was bereft of his shadowy companions, whom he never saw more. There is a more surprising case than this on the records—one which, even knowing it to have been a sensarial illusion, one shudders to think of besetting a man of average courage. Herr von Baozko was a Polish gentleman, to whom, sitting in his room writing his autobiography, an apparitiou was vouohed. One evening, shortly after the battle of Iena, he relates ho was writing when suddenly he felt a poke in his loins, Looking round, he found thafc .it proceeded from a negro or Egyptian boy, about twelve years old. Though persuaded that the whole thing was au illusion, ho says he thought it best to knock the apparition down, when ho felt a sensible resistance ! TUe negro there upon attacked him upon the other side, and gave his arm a particularly disagreeable twist, when Baozko again pushed it off. This negro continued to visit him con stantly during four months, preserving the same appearanco and remaining tangible ; then, Baozko’s health improving, he came soldomor, and finally appearing as a brown colored apparition, with an owl’s head, he took his leave. Here was a ghost that was not only seen, but felt; that could be knooked down, and was oapable of rising again to tho attack; o horridly disagreeable ghost, blaak, sugges tive to the fanoifal mind of evil associations ; a ghost sufficient quite to build a solid spectral theory upon—and yet no ghost at all, but the mere product of a disordered 