WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW! Sirs. H. H. Jenmkgs lives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boardswith her.- The house is an old one, but in good- order. One night curly in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and ,%vent' o the theatre, leaving not a soul in the i house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the' house- laughing and talking. Cut as they went info the parlour the merry humour died out of thein in a second. Right m the middle of the room stood a dark man of. gigantic stature. 'Xhe upper part oS . his face was coneoalcd by a mask, his oyes gleam* ibg through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves w*erc rolled up, and in one hand he carried' a long, old-fashioned pistol. The •women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr. .Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one ill the parlour and all the doors and windows securely looked. What was it the "women saw " During a recent period of ill health," •writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was sud denly aroused from a dose by what seemed like the calliwj of my name j and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looke'd'five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, ou which journey she ;"was'killedin a railway disaster. 1 screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a Eummbns and X would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never reeu it since, and it's more than threo years ago now." No doubt it-was the nerves. Why, thero's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your Bystcm is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokcsdown, Hants, wrote us as follows :—"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better foj having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and .ycl'ow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing bub'liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing '* but skin and bone. My memory completely niled.". My head ached go dreadfully I thought >1 should lose my senses, and my friends agreed .- that I would never get better. . ,rI had given up all hope, when one diy Mrs • ►West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what ^ .1 was taking. She told me shewas herself once ljust as. badly ofl", and was cured by Mother 'SeigeVs Curative Syrup. As she seemed to :rhave so much faith 111 this medicine, I tried it, and in three .days I was able to walkjicross the ..room, and by the end of the week I went down* • stairs. Now I am as well as evor. I can eat and digest my food, and all my n« rvousoess has leftme." : : The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was erief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and ihu systom rallied only when the • Syrup had ^ivo-i now vigour to tiic digestion and thus fedaa.l toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opiuionof the Bridge* . Ppi|t ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean uothing more or less than a set of nerves all ups.it by indigestion ard dyspepsia. (J hosts come from the inside of the person who seca them, and when Mother b'eigel's tfyrup does its work the eyes and ears ntertaiii only what is nutur-il and wholesome. 