TAENl OR TRUSTl. BY XARY ANGELA DICKENS AND ti XMARB ARET MOJLE. in g"lNOPSTB OF PntEVfOVS CHAPTERS. rValetine Clinton. a beantiful Ea?he gll, at he age of twenty-an.e, finds hoselt tho mileas of a b .dbamentate in Hertfordehirc, where the opening to 'asa c are laid. , The property hla been lefttober by ..n aunt, the siter of hermother., who had adopted her after the death of Valentio'. ~a ther. Her -other married agais, her eaund bhiebend being one YkLorisentbut he did nyoearfterthew~rldg, a Sand for seventeen yeas alentioe had heard nothing a f her stepfather. An the owucev.e a aluoable steate, Valentine had noratined to Cemploy her aunt's former \- .get, Kenneth teGannt a youg nr?t of ltrong but e dite character, hoest but impasioned. Though effectionate and sIf-devoted in dlspociton,'as is eown In her kind treatmnt of her companion, Mrs Croyt. Valentine is nenrit??, praud and elf-willed. - She frequently comes into antoronim with her agent, who has a certain scrnful tolerance for a 'grl nistres." Dtmlit their ocasional nlteera tir? and wertbhfnl dilferenc~, he are grndu ally learninfg tO respect and like one anofher, when Valentmao' stepfather, eirk Dorrisant, sud den appeor sontbhe·ene. He is accompanied by arite young Auotrlin, Geofrey .ary. Orf whom he Las been apioirted sele gurdlin unti rhe attains his twenty-fIst year, now rapidly approaching. Ken sett Oaunt, without r?ei'sta it, grows intensely jeleos of the new aerivat,. end he openly shows Valentine that be distruste and dielikes them. At Sparty given in their honor by Valentine. who has Tormcd a strong attach?ent for both Doirisant and is word. he angrily in?utsa Geoffrey by ques tioning his' veraeily. Valentine, to her own inat?ne trture, premptly ditniuce Kennth deem er house, and next morior diec~n rge him teom her earvic as agent. Ne?t day, inn painful ten? in which both Vablntiner am Kenneth lose their temper. Kenneth admit ithout r gret that he Tae insnlted Geoffrey otry. and he furiouely de eam. "I know nothine of bte Cary; I've seen -'- aoling of him that I like. The only thingI do Smowabont him is that I wruh e'd been shot before bese ace here, and he'd better look out for him?elf ~eat time Ircomea owhm!" lie Ileanrc the bol in a rage. -Teat morning Geoffrey Cory etertout n a fishing excursion alone. The day passes with ant his return, which is awaitcd 'by Valentine. aerk Donssant,.eho has been ot for a stroll, joea ber, and they Iruve re about the absent one. A thunderstorm comes on and Mark Doriseant shows inea?eing anuiety about (eol.ver. Suddenly men appenr bearing the unconeciea, body of the young alen, who has been found shot, with a gun bearting Kieneth Gaunt's name lying beside him. o While veofey is lying between life and death a local Justice of the Pt'reo arrives, no juesions Valentine Ciinton aeour the quarrel be tween Kenneth and (Geoffre. &reatlyagitated;,. she is aboeut to state that Kenncth had token to her in thoretening language about Geoffrer when Kenneth bursts into the roms. le deoarel that he know nothing about the" areident." Lut that he had loft Sgun agnins a tree while he wo out walking, and CHAPTER IX.-(CoA GEr e S.) There was a alight movement from Mark )orrisant, but he did not speak. Then wees a moment's pause, end then Mr Kenycn said loftily: "Very unfortna~te, Mr Gaunt" The light died onetof 'alentine's gft,'and Kenneth Gaune's lane grew rather pole and .stern. "' lAm I to nunderstand." he Paid, addressing himlaelf directly no Mr IKenyon with a'proud, peremptory ringn his voice, "that dI am being serionsly asdoeurd of this thingo" ' "You are to understand, Mr tarnt," said tir Kenyon permpodlnty. "r that yos r tonsup ported word-Leppy as I hould betin a pri vate oapapety to accept it-does not :refute the cireumntantial evidece afforded 'by the acknowldged agency of your- ge:n in this mnattr. Ytou are knoarn to havequarrellod 'with aer Gary ; evidence will be ftrthcoMinig -'to show tloegto -ha're uttered threats agi nst \- chi m--" .. n "Threats:"' interosed Kenneth,. hotly. , Threats'!" .H- troipped abruptly and lookedl almost for the firs time, directly at Valentine. -She did 'not look at him, as he rsid in -a-low, almost annavtually ate-dy voice: "If by 'evidence' Mr Kenyoanmeans any thing ? nmay have eaid, it is only just that everyone -should uentertand that I myself entirely disbelieve that Mr Gaunt has had ny hand whatever in the matter." "'Tihank -yout,"'said" Kenneth in a low atode. There was ;a moment ," unse,; and the -atmosphere seemed to he everoharged with eome -kind 'of ten*e emotion. "Then ?rtk Dorrissnt broke the spell. 'Lyin'e his 'hand wently on his etepdausghter'a shoulder, he turned to Mr e enyon, and said in a low voice, as-though urginge him to end a painful 4eena: "'What do you propose to do? "IIpropose to ei?ne a warrant against Mr Gaunt on- suspicion," was the prompt.reply. " He will see,"I am onre, that no other course is open to me," 'Then, aerKenneth, white to the lips, his face very set and preud, bent his head in acquiescence. he old gentlernn turned to Valentine. "My dear Young lady," he euad kindly," we won't detain yon snylonger. Tlva me oernmitsion to nive your man an order, and then le? Mr'Drrrisant take you petasii s." Valentine did not wait for her-stepfather's ?cort. Blefore either Mark Dorrisoa t or Mr Kenyon'had realised her movement, she had -romsed-the ream tn th e door. It wan opened for her by Kenneth, and she passed- out, white a death, without another 'word. o Half An hour later Kenneth G(aunt was in the hands of the local police, arrested on bal CHAPTER ;,-'Ireg COtAnto DtStosan. SSir weeks went by, and Geoffrey Gary lay between life and death, and the charge against 'Kenneth Gaunt remained in abehoy ance. The case was brought before the magistrates on the day following his arrest, and was by them remanded "pending the production of further evidence." It was oh' ietous that while young Cary lived nothing conld be done until he might recover con ceioneness. Bail was offered for Kenneth and was finally accepted ; and he was free to go, about bhi buhines an he best might, amen rnder a heavy cloud, shunned and euspected on every Iland, For the public mind of Templeoombe fstened on him as the criminal from the very first, and allowed no possibility of doubt. There was, indeed, a minority who had \- everal cogent objections to offer. In the first place, these dissenters asserted that the evidence forthcoming against Kenneth eaunt was purely eircumstantial, and as ?unhto be treated with diffidence. Secondly, that K?enneth Gaunt thad proved himself dnring his life at Templecombe to be a man of truth and honor, and that his word, therefore, deserved redenoe. This opinion gained strength from the fact ththathie word wasfuly borne out in tne .particular, inas n0n an hin dog was limpin shout ao the billige, lamed by the teeth of a trap. They lugthernaintained that no man in his senses, having attempted murder, would leave his unoon the spot as evidence againet himself. Tothieminortay one oomprehensive question waspropounded t If Mr Gaunt was not the ciinansl, who was ?--a question to answer which was apparently very far toseek. And rsthedayawent on and public Interestin the -atter wan.contihoually freshened by the weskly remanding of the case before the ogietrate. and the utmoephcre of suspense thtu created, every dincusson on the subject ended moreand more surely with a reference tothat hoped-for recovery ofeonseiounses by go. l of- public antioipation. T- .The weary days drawged themselves .-oowly awayas Mark Dorrisant and Valen. \- tine stood helplssaly by, while Geoffrey's fever ran its course, and neither Kenneth ," Gauntnorthe days when those alternations of delirium and stupor should uase into " conociousneos was ever mentioned between That the stern patienne and reserve with which Mliork Dirriejnt waited were the resault Sof rigid eelf-control, no one who apoks to hin en those days could doubt. That be helievedin Kenneth Gaunt's guiltwaseqnally certain, though no word to that efflet ever eooseedhis lips. His very eiIne and self-re Pression on the subject gave to his conviction a weight which no words could have pro .el d. And onValentine each day itpassed -eemed to leave an absolutely perceptible trace; they seemed to be literally wearing her away, she grew so white and so slight. In i nr she woe alwaye composed andquiet, hat therewasthat about her that supggested the presence of a continual strain-not merely the strain of thehonuly anaietyhbout Geoffrey -but of eomethling beyond, of which she did -not speak. To her stepfather's tondernessehe es?ponded with an affection which seemed to -'geas with every hour of their common mx-iety, They lived, as it were, a mutual life, in whioh the forthcoming report "rom n the sick.room was the goal of their thoughte If each lived another and a separate life in which the goal lay urther f, neither seer epoke of it, Annd at last that far-oil goal was reached. of death, and recovered constionanens Perhaps a blanker feeaug og disoppoin4 " oont was never experienced than that which obtained at Templetome when It was w hisered about thas young ?r (oary wss en tirely unable to throw any light on the affair -of which he was the here. His evidents began and ended in tle statement teat he had ben walking qulicly through the park at sbont nine o'clock in the evening, when he dheard a ehot, had felt a stinging, numb. is nensation in his side, and had lost b ysnttpublshed in connertion uith ".All the Tearlound." - conselolsnees He had seen absolutely noth- r ,, thesl days since Geoffrey had made this dappoating declaration, a hot morn- * ing in the lat week of August. It was I about eleven o'clock and blark Dorrisant was alone with his ward ; he was standing by his bed, knd the two had evidently been The face at which Dorrisantwas looking was like the ghost of the Geoffrey of seven weeks before. There was not a trace of color in it, ell the boyish outlines were sharpened and emaciated, and the early, luxuriant hail was cropped close. Only his eves were the same, honest and smiling. They were rather too bright now-the con. versation seemed to have excited him a little -as he looked no at Mark Dorrisant, and said, in a weak voice : "All right, then, Pater ; what you do is sure to be right. And somehow I shouldn't have thought that that fellow was the sort to do a thing like this." He paused a moment and then added, reflectively : "It was ratherablackgnardly thing, wasn't it P I wonder awfully who it really was 1" Mark Dorrisant did not answer instantly. He put out one of his hands and laid it on the boy's head. " I wonder !" he said. There was ashadowy little smile about his lips as he spoke, and Geoffrey, looking up at him, exclaimed: " You're awfully sure it was Gaunt, Pater." This time Mark Dorrisant did not answer him at all. His face set itself sternly. " You're tired, ,my boy," he said; " rest now and. think no more about 'it." He paused, and touched the boy's forehead again affectionately as he added : " Imast go." On this August morning, after nearly two months of postponement and delay, the, charge against Kenneth Gaunt was to come. before the magistrates for what was tacitly understood to be a final hearing, and the excitement through the neighborhood was at fever pitch. As mark Dorrisant came down. stairs now from Geoffrey's room, the carriage was already waiting for him and for Valen tine, summoned once more to give evidence as to the threatening words used to her by Kenneth Gaunt againstGeoffrey Cary. '- "Go to your mistress," said Dorrisant toa servant, " and ask her, if she is ready, if she will come down to me in the drawingroom." A few moments later Valentine came down , the stairs with her hat on, and went into the drawingroom. She was very pale and quiet, and there was an added touch of haughtiness about her, as though she were nerved to meet some sort of ordeal. She smiled at Dorrisant, and as he heldout his hand she put here into it, and waited for him to speak. "Valentine," he said gravely, "I want to tell you .something before we start. I think you will be glad to hear it. I eaw3r Kenyon yesterday, as you -know, and we came to a decision which I have just been talking over with Geoffrey. The oherge against lr Gaunt will be dismissed to-day on the plea of ine?iticient evidence." Valentine started s.lightly, and drew her hand away, as if involuntarily. "Dismissed!" she said quickly; i? a low voice. "Dismriesed'! Then will -he be elearedl"? She was looking-down at the naplieof the sunshade she held;'and therefore she didnot see Mark?Doraisnt'a look'at -?er. ' t she r noticed thattliere was a ·imuee. -nd:before he spoke he laid'one hand on here, as- asort tof prelude. "All Inead eoy," he'began gently, "is, that though the evidence against Mr'Gaunt t is heavy, it would be almost impossible to I prove the case in a-couit of law, and under the ciroumstances-as, thiank Heaven, it is not a case -of murder-I have told .Mr ~Ken Syon that .vo should greatly prefer -not to prosecute:" a "Then+heoonly way'to clear him -would be to find thereal eriminal?" k "To find the realcriminal, yes!" assentad SMark Dorrisant drily. Valentine's color rose. '" Pater !" she said impulsively, " you I mean moat kindly, I know, but -justice is better than kindness. Don't let this charge be-withdrawn. They eay'that 'my evidence r weighs heavily against Mr'Gannt, and I know that that evidence means nabsolutel i nothing'! If the case ,s properly- tried the truth must come out, and M?r Gaunt will be c cleared. Don't let injustice be done'!" She was-facing him bravely, with- unshrink ing eyes looking straight into his face. 11 was forjjustice, she was saying -to herself. .Mark UDorriant looked at her keenly for a u moment, -and then a -shade of pain settled upon his face. " Queen'Vel," he saidgently, "'I am sorry that there should be one-subject on which we d think differently. 'It is time to start." d By the evening it was known all over Templecombe the -charge against Kenneth Gaunt hadbeendismissedby the magistrate. The stain against his name was in no wise n eradicated.; the mystery was in no wise clearedup. As far as Templeoombe and the countrysidewent, Kenneth Gaunt was a dis graced-man. • CHAPTER XI.-TE -IUrJCUsrzc. 0 "You'recoming to live in London, too, Val? Oh, how jolly ! Don'tmake it miles away from Pater and me, will you ?" 9"You are a silly boy, Geoff!" re "Idon'tseeethat ! Tell me why, or I'll throw off all theserugs you've.put on me." S"And prove it conclusively." Valentine h laughed. She was eitting on the end of a sofa in her morning-room, on which sofa n Geoffrey Cary was lying. The room was d very-bright and sunny; about all the inani mate things there was a sortof reflex festival air, which curious:y enough seemed to emanate, in the first place, from the thin, Y white-faced figure on the sofa. This was the first dry on which Geoffrey Gary had been e able to leave his room. Mrs Carryl was established in a large h wicker chair near the window, onareoffrey's a right- hand side. She seemed always to gravitate towards large chairs, as if impelled by a sense of the sheltsr they might possibly afford to her, mentally and physically, by screening her from the world. In her hands was a new strip of the laoce she was always working; she looked like a little automaton whtch had never altered its action since the Slong-ago day whenValentiDne had first spoken to her of MIr Dorrisant. New people, a new atmosphere, startlng and terrible incidents, all seemed to come and go cround that placid, weak little soul, withont approach On Valentine's lap laya -book, from which abe had been reading alond until the clock struck twelve, when she had laid it down, and declared that Geoffrey was to be left alone, and to proceed instantly to take an hour's sleep before luncheon. But before she could rise to put the first part of this mandato into effect, Geoffrey had assailed her with hslf-a dozen questions, to which he required instant answeres; S. Of these she had supplied several; and s-e rose now quickly, and stood over him in a menaoing -attitude, though a smile trembled round her lips. "You're very asil," she said, "from every point of view. ' She bent down and tuched the rugs round him with a gentle force. "Wh~at I meant was thibs: of course I don't mean to be separated from you or Pater, you goose! And now I'm going; and it you don't do as I wish and go to sleep this moment, von can't be taken to Ventnor on Thursday.! Geoffrey turned an imploring face to the wicker chair, with the evident intention of appealing to its occupant. But Valentine was too quick for him. "No," she said promptly, "Marion is neither going to sympathies with you nor to stay with you. Come, Larnon," she added, and sMrs Carryl, slowly awakened to the fact that Valentine was going, emerged from her chair, Valentine, with a smiling nod to Geoffrey, remorselessly left him to himself. Only a week had passed since the day when the charge against Kenneth Gaunt had been finally dismissed. But very marked effects had been prodnoed in that time. Geoffrey himself had made large strides towards re covery, and the rapidity with which his con valescence drew on engendered a correspond ing rapidity in the maturing of plans for the future. In ten days more the whole narty-Valen tine, Mrs Carryl, Mark IDorriasant and Geoffrey-were to go to Ventnor, for the change of air ordered for the latter; and Templecombe was to be shut up for an in. definite period. Valentine had announced a determination which took no one by surprise. She intended, she said, to take a homuse in London, and spend the winter there. Before she finally settled this, another arrangement was entered into, not without some demur on Mlark Dorrisant's part. It was, in her eyes, the most important part of Valentine's plan, that he and Geoffrey Cary shoucld live with her during the process of establishing the latter in London. Mark Dorrisant had fullyuitended, he saidd, to take for himself and the boy a set of chambers; and he would not hear of any other conuse unless Valentine agreed that the establishment ahe wished to set p should be a joint honseholdin deed as well as in name. But when;Valentine had been brought to consent to this stipulation, he yielded with a grace only enhanced by his previous hesita tion. The change in Geoffrey, the stir and ex hilaration consequent on the anticipation of other changes to come, cleared away all heaviness of oppression in the atmosphere of the house, and brought about a reaction of cheerfulness. In the village, too, the excite ment was passing away. The only definite result of the whole affair was the fact that Kenneth Gaunt had his lite to begin anew with a millstone round his neck, and this fact was entirely undisturbing to the public mind. Only to Valentine the reaction seemed to come rather forcedly, and to ring a little falsely when it came. She was outwardly sweet and bright as ever; tender and affectionate with both Geoffrey and her stepfather. But her eyes were too bright; her cheeks were too pink; har voice always I too excited. She turned to .Mrs Carryl now as she shut the door of Geoffrey's room, and the laugh i died from her face. "Come into my room, MIarion," she said in a low, imperious tone, so strikingly dis s similar to the gaiety, with which she had t spoken in the same breath as td be almost startling. " I want to speak to you." She led the way, and as Mrs Carryl followed her into her room, she signed to her to shut the r door. " Marion," she began, confronting the little woman, with something suggestive it of defiance in her spirited pose, " I want you e to drive to the Grange with Mr Dorrisant d' this afternoon. Mr Gaunt is coming to see it me on business, and I-of course, there must be no chance of their meeting." Y "Mr Gaunt," ejaculated Mrs Carryl e blankly. " Oh, Valentine-" e Valentine struck her foot impatiently on Y the ground. St "Marion," she said, "I have told you already that I consider Mr Gaunt has been unjustly treated. I do not for one moment e believe that he did what he was accused of doing; you know that very well." a Mrs Carrel assented with deprecating y haste, and added feebly: a "Everybody believes he did it. Mr Dorri "I know," interrupted Valentine quickly, n and a heavy shadow passed across her face. 1 " We need not talk about- it, Marion. I would not hurt my stepfather for the world. ' Doa't I know what Geoffrey. is to him, and at how he must feel-" She brokeo off, and her face quivered; but apparently she was afraid ot herself and her emotions, for she took refuge in an access of imperiousness, o which was somewhat at variance with the nervous movements of her fingers. " Soyou Er see, Marion," she said, " though I think it te only just to see M? Gaunt, and wind up the a business of the estate with him in person, I do not wish the fact to be forced upon Mr Dorrisant." " No, of coarse set," said Mlrs Catrt er meekly. " [t'e rather awkward for you isn't it, Valentiee:i' w Valentine did not answer. She turned be away, and walking slowly to the window stood there looking out in silence. Mrs to Carryl waited timidly. ''Then finding thgt ot Valentine did not speak, she as timidly witE be drew: At liat Valentine turned sharply. e " One imot be just,"she said under her rt breath in a strange. defiant tone. "It ii the injustieoo that is so 'horrible-that I can s, not bear." to er eyes were shining and gleaming, and her lips trembled a little. ee They were tremblinu again, and her eyes looked outdark 'anddilated from a pale face when, on a summons from the footman that to afternoon, shewent downstairs to the library She laid her hand onthe lock and paused lo a moment as if involuntarily. Her breath ed wascoming quiokl. Teen, setting her lips she opened the door. " I am very glad to see you, Mr Gannt,' on ehe said, holding out her hand with grave is dignity. But as the figure waiting for het go advanced to tmeether, and the light fell full sce upon his face., her lips closed again with a I contraction ofrthe imuscles which Kenneth sawVand misinterpreted. He did not know how nearly a horrified exclamation hac be broken from those proudly curved lips. Kenneth Gaunt looked ten years olde k- than he had lootTd when they had last stooc face to face in that room. It was not onl if. that hewas thin and worn ; it was not on?1 that there were lines about his mouth ane ed eyes. All the fire, all the' eager youth ant enthusiasm seemed to have been, for the tim at least, overwhelmed and stamped out. Hi we eyes had lost their spirit; there was a strang expression in them in which bewildermen 'r and wistfulness were oddly blended, ani th which hardly harmonised with the resolut endurance into which the rest of his features Swere composed. To Kenneth the events o the past few weeks had meant much more he even, than they -must inevitably have mean foranyman. They had meant a rougt awakening-a 'realisation of sundry facts aboUt himself and his relations with hi neighbors. o, With a hot temper and a high spirit or ee which no -softening influence of home hac ever been brpught to bear, Kenneth Gaun had gone through life so far in a rough-and .l ready, high-handed fashion. The world had been a combination of playground and battle e field for him ever since he had first been a tumbled into it-a jolly little motherless fa fellow of seven, turned adrift in a public s school. Like many another fiery, impetuous i. person, his faults were all on the sur al face; all the harm that was in hin to same out. Bunt he never realised i, that few people stop to consider se what lies below the surface, and that no a amount of integrity or warm-heartedness can wholly counteract the effect of a hot e temper and a tongue regardless of conse. " quencees. He had been vaguely conscious of to his impetuosity and self-assertiveness; but d he had looked upon them as faults easily y condoned, and at the bottom of his heart y there lurked an unconscious estimate of him is self as a "good sort of fellow." To find :s himself seriously accused of a dastardly n crime; to find'that nine- tenths of the people is among whom be had lived for four years n found nothing preposterous and incredible in r such a charge in connection with him, had , been a shock to him under which the founda-. t tions of his world seemed~to give way. And the effeoot upon him of the blow was a testi mony to the real good that lay beneath the sor h face. Instead of raging at circumstances k and people, he "looked at home," as the Ssayrig goes, sobered and tamed. During t those long weeks of suspense as he went about n in bitterloneliness, he had come slowly and o painfully to a clearer audhumbler perception o on many points. If, at the end, the true I criminal had been discovered and his inno d cence established beyond a doubt, the impreiwmade by those weeks would still have remained. As it was, social shipwresk a seemed only the natural result .f the ternm d porary shipwreck of all his old ideas. He shook hands with Valentine now very quietly : waited while she moved on to the Sbig chair at the writing-table, and then. sat e down opposite her. They had sat so, often Sand often, discussing business details: they r had thwarted and opposed one another, so, d over and over again. p There was a moment's silence, and then Kenneth unfolded the papers hIre had brought with him in a grave, basiness- like manner. e For nearly half an hour there was no sound in Sthe library but the sound of their iustle, the e rise and fall of his voice, and her brief responses. For nearly half an hour they sat a one on either side of the table, and her eyes r rested on her clasped hands, or met his for an Sinstant as he looked up at her to be sures that t he was making himself slear. Valentine I grew whiter and whiter, and when the last Spaper was pat aside and he lifted his head for the last time, she leant back in her chair, and a short breath parted her lips. Kenneth glanced at her quickly. His face was flushed, and his hand was clenched as though it might have trembled hadhe allowed Sthe muscles to relax. "There is only one thing more," he Ssaid, "the contracts, estimates and so forth, for the cottages. Here they are." He put his hand into his pocket as he spoke, and drew out an envelope, which he handed Sto her. "You will see Ihave written in alt Ithe necessary explanations. I"--bhe paused, and added in a lower voice : "I did notexpect I tohave a personal interview with you until I got your note." "There wasno reason against it," said Valentine, her eyes fixed steadily on the blotting-pad before her. " Ido not believe -what has been said." "I can't thank you." The words were low and broken, and they were sriecceeded by a moment'e pause. Valentine's hands were clasped tightly to gether. At last she said: "You are going away to-morrow.'" "Yes," he answered heavily. "Will you tell me what you are going to He lifted his head wearily and looked away. "I don't know," he said.- "It doesn't matter much '! "Oh, don't say that." The words came from Valentine against her will, apparently, and as he turned to her as if surprised, with a light In his eyes; she went on Cl quickly : "Injustice is such a horrible 01 thing ; it is a thing I cannot bear. And of it is so dreadful to think of a man's life be being spoilt because of it. Some day the al truth wil come out. It must. I'm sure it he must." . . He smiled faintly, and the light died out b4 of his eyes. "It is not the injustice," he said simply. m "Not altogether, at least.' There was e1 another silence, broken this timeby Kenneth. a He rose. " Ineed not keep you anylonger," re he said. " Only-there is one thing. I tI want to spologise for all the times I've be- o0 haved like a cad. If," he hesitated, and it then continued hurriedly, " if 1 could k apologise to Mr Dorrisant and Mr Cary I a would do so. As that is not possible, I tl apologise to you for my conduct to them. Why you should believe in me after all that P has come and gone, I don't know. - It only t shows-what you are." She had risen quickly as he spoke, and t now she put out her hand impulsively as if to stop him. He accepted the gesture as his dismissal. "Good-bye," he said, simply. "I am very grateful to you for seeing me." " Good-bye," she answered coldly. He dropped her hand and turned away to the door ; opened it, his face set and white, and closed it behind him. And then, as a Valentine had done only a little earlier, he paused on the threshold.'- He let his fore- I head fall on his clenched hands, and a great I it sob shook him from head to foot. 1 " It's all over," he muttered to himself. " It's all over, and I shall never see her again." And on the other side of the heavy door Valentine, herarms resting on the table and her face buried in them, was saying to her aelf over and over again : . " It is the injustice ! It is the lnjus tice!" g CHAPTER XII.-" 31r OLD FRIs-." It was a frosty December morning, and Rotten Rowpresented a very cheery spec tacle. The sun was shining : the air was crisp and fresh, and a sense of exhilaration Sseemed to be all-pervading among riders and horses alike. And not one of the riders was enjoying 'himself or herself more thoroughly and d openly than Geoffrey Cary as he galloped s along at Valentine's side, laughing and talking in headlong, inconsequent boyish e> fashion, catching up her merry answers and 7e retorting on them again, until at last she reined in her horse to a walk, and turned with at laurbing appeal to Dorrisant. e " ill youkindly forbid Geoff, Pater:' she said. " I will not have him flirting with r iess Lorraine in my house or at my party. Geoff, yoashall just go to bed before the party 1 begins tonight!" u, There was a flush on Valentine'scheeks, brought there by the air and the exercise; her ad eyes were sparkling. She never showed to a, better advantage than on horseback, and it s was not wonderful that more thanonepasser t by tureed to look at the trio. Nearly four months- had passed since Templecombe had been left empty. and for r two -of those four months Valentine had is beenestablished in a house in iruton street4 and with her, as -had been arranged, were established Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey Cary. Daring there two months "the step family." as Geoffrey called it, had settled s itself ,down in the .pleasant London house, to a pleasant London life. IMark Dorrisant had told Valentine that it was part of his T plan for Geoffrey that the boy should see h something of London society. It was a bad time of year for the purpose, but the many ', people who had known Valentine's aunt were ready to welcome Valentine; and Valentine's relations or friends were instantly welcomed " for her sake. But it was not long before er both Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey Cary were i welcome for their own sakes ; and the a presence of the attractive trio made by the th "step-family" became a feature of every iw gathering, '?marV rinformai,thatenivened athe foggy November days. The atmosphere of the house in Braton er street was one of constant gaiety and high spirits. Geoffrey enjoyed life with un ly lagging zest and energy; Mark Dorrisant, Sapparently well sathified, was alwas ready ad to promote pleasant schemes. As to Valen tine herself, she was the queen of the house, ue and she reigned with a characteristic tin variablenese. She turned to her step-father ge more and more, with that generous con. nt fidence which is only possible to such a a character. She played with and tyrannised over Geoffrey, her own youth exhilarated by 11 the.championship of the youth at which she 00 laughed in him. The shadow of the nearly m accomplished tragedy that had darkened their nt life at Templecombe faded away in this new Soshere as completely as if it had never I Perhaps an added excitement was given to these months by a sense that the life they on brought was only preliminary. Geoffrey's ad majority was to come aboutin February, and It there was a tacit understanding that it would d. bring with it some as yet indefinite change. ad Everything, all plans and arrangements, led le. up to the twelfth of February, and there sn stopped short. Geoffrey's majority might as prove the threshold of a state of things ic pleasanter even than the present, by reason of as greater permanence.; but it was a threshold, r- and at present the door was closed. Geoffrey m himself talked little about his future life; ed only a word let fall' now and then in con er fidential moments with Valentine showed that io a sense of responsibility was alive and grow se ing beneath his boyish light- heartedoees. it And yet, in spite of her gaiety and bright. . ness, even now as she walked her horse if between Mark Dorrisant and Geoffrey, there at was something about Valentine's face that y made it strangely different from the face of the girl who had reigned alone at Temple. c- combe nine months before. It was difficult d to say what the change was, or where it lay. It wooldhavebeenhardto saythat ehelooked older, and yet that was the definitian to whish Sthe diferSeU?oe oe y d commodated n Itslf. Searching from feature to feature, the change mighthave been discoveredin the eyes. For all their light and sparkle there d was something in their depths which never altered; something which maces the difer ence between a woman's eyes and a child's. Mrs Carryl had a vague conviction that e Valentine had grown strangely uncertain, Snot only in her ways, but in her temper; it and that she was surely more wilful and d imperiousne than she had been before. " Why did you ask Miss Lorraine ?" said Mark Donrisant, with a smile. "Geoff's heart is not a mill- atone, Queen Val." a She echoed his laugh nmerrily, and then S"We'll have one more canter, and then I must go in. I want to see that the flowers . "Von-want to go and gloat over that swell frock of your,·' returned Geoffrey, with a Slaugh, as he touched his horse lightly with his whip. - y The p? in question was a large dance which Valentine wansgiring thatersme night, the prospect ef which had greatly excited aGeotfrey. And his excitement was shared, though in diferent fashion, by Valentine. She had given no entertainment hitherto on so large a scale, and theexhilaration of her Smanner this morning was due to some rttent Stoher antilpation of the evening. t (To OR CORIlroc,) 