I The Storyteller, | WITHOUT7 AND WITHIN. | CHAPTER XII. |\ ? ; W0DHD|8 AND BALMS. |* (Continued.) jf; He shook bis bead — more, it appeared — in If. liopclessueas than contradiction. 'Look t, abroad in nature — 'everything dies.' ?I -.': ' Yes,' sir — to live again.' ? ; 'Una — do you believo tbat the beasts live | after dfloth V ?\ ' There : is no conclusive evidence against . \ it, that I know of. The fact from wbicb I ;j chiefly draw an inference to the contrary, y-: furnishes as strong a presumption in favor of ?{ mau's immortality. ,,'?, He began to look interested, ' .What is it ?' ;? ''Well, so far as wo can judge, the beasts j! have no hope or expectation of another (.existence, and it seems to me that God !( would be likely to fulfill a hope that He :j( designed to fulfill, inasmuch , as ho never v. implants one that He menus to disappoint.' ji'J- ' I don't know about thfOlio answered, in %a vague, inward tone. ' I once hoped to be' t^'j— happy.' ??'.?'?. ? .. '??„ ' You can bo yet, sir, if you will seek for :!jj happiness in that only, narrow path which \t leads to it. They who choose to walk in the ij.. broad way of self-indulgence, and the prido 'j'ol humnn reason, sro fools, deceiving their ''ijOtvn solves.' ' ?. \- 'And rich,' ho continued, in the same |: dreamy voice. (; 'Yen, sir, with tho riches that do not :; perish in tho using.' . ?f. ' And handHome and brilliant.' ,j ' They shall be mine, saith the Lord, in i that day when I make up my jewels.' I:* ' Be turned upon me with a sudden and — |,!to me — inexplicable sharpness. 'I wish |i you would find an answer somewhere besides {i in the Bible.' .? p . ' I would, sir, if I could find an apter one j elsewhere,1 I answered quietly, He looked j.atmo a moment, then his eyes fell. )Jy All things now being; ? ready, the under taker dtoppod to Maggie's side, and, signal jjling- to Aunt Vin to help him, was I ( about to lift her into the coffin, when Mr. ijjWarron started forward, crying out, in a lyjloud Toico, with flashing oyes, ' What are ynu m doing there I . In heaven's name, Jet my ^dead child alone 1' ' , ,j) Tho man shrank back, and stared hard at I'ljhim, in amazement and perplexity. !j( '1 don't want. any strange hands abont V.jber,* continued tho father, affor a moment, btryiog to control his irritation, hut still. with ,\a shade of bitter resentment in his tone. ' If yyou'll just step out into the kitchen there, iqwo will do it ourselves — thank you.' '(j The mau obeyed, and Mr. Warren care ?/(fully closed the door after him, muttering ijvboiween bis teeth, ' How dare be touch her!' ;.:! Certainly, his character is a study of such a .pjnature as was never beforo presented to my i,ieyo8.: '???? What a curious combination of .??idolicacy and coareeueea, of refinement and .'(?crudity ! 'h We transferred tho still, whito maiden to i\hcr narrow couch — wo four — with very ''(tgontlo hands ; it falling to my nharo to lay tho ; jlovoly head,' with itB face of unearthly ponco j.-fuluesH, on its last' low, pillow. A tear foil 'r:boBHlo it. IbothoaghtinRthat Maggie VVarreu l»ji»fla tho iirsj. and only being, in many long '^days, to call out in mo Unit species of iiffoo ''(jtion which is so quickly begotten of. lielp ^JessuesB and help, and to ro»pond to it with i.rjaj cortain. degree of appreciation and pro-, ?inference j and I rogrctted to lose evon that '.{small sunbeam out of my life. To bo helpful hit). not to bo happy, J know ; but it is one of jjlho elements of liappinoas that I least liko to' ('jiniss. ...-.- ;}jj ? Lastly, I put a fresh cross and wreath in '((their places,. and fastened to the coilin-liil a ijjdovc made entirely . of lilies ol the valley — , vli which last offering elicited from Jack n bit of ^'unqualified commendation, n l Golly ! ain't that fine '(' i jj ' Perhaps MiBS Frost will toll you what it ? a means,' said his mothor, quietly, it 'It, is, tho emblem of the Holy Ghost, 'jlc whose sweet na'nfe is ' Comforter,' ' I ^answered, instantly perceiving her intent. pt' Jf it reminds us also of that first dove ){iiotod in the world's 'history, .which found no |{rcBt nor shelter till it roturned to the ;] ark from whence it set forth ;? and helps ub, ,}'cby means of these exterior types, to niidtr ;/{ stand that tho human fitids never perfect | j poaco, nor safe home, until it rosorts to that jJGod who created it; my dove will hare done |j j its perfect work, Jack.' r , s Jack stared, uncomprehending ; ' Mr. ij Warren turned hastily away. 