THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. THE ANNUAL MEETINGS. On Friday, OotoW 20. the meetings of the Baptist -'Association were continued in the Flinders- street eiurch in the presence of a large number of hdies and gentlemen. The Rev. G. Hogden presided, and the special business of the afternoon was what was termed a free conference on the question "How can the church best keep themselves in constant touch with the proceedings and interests of the mission field," the day being set aside as "A missionary day." India was the mission field discussed, and in an in- teresting explanatory address the Rev. J. Price, the secretary, referred to the work accomplished in connection with the Furreedpore mission by the missionaries who had been sent to India by the society. The names of the ladies and gentlemen who re- present the mission in India were mentioned, and Mr. Price expatiated upon the desirable- ness of encouraging the mission work as much as possible. Miss Barker read a paper on the subject, and she made a variety of suggestions for in- creasing the interest in mission work. Suit- able hymns were sung at intervals. In the evening the proceedings were con- tinued. A Zenana supper was provided in the lecture-hall of the church, and subsequently a public meeting was held under the presidency of Mr. C. H. Goode, who waa accompanied on the platform by the Revs. S. Mead, J. Price, W. Bell, W. T. Whitley (a delegate from the Baptist Union of Victoria), F. E. Harry (delegate from the Baptist Union of New South Wales), H. J. Lambert (formerly of Norwood), and G. Hogben. The chairman delivered an entertaining address, after which the Rev. G. Hogben read a paper entitled "Faith in relation to the maintenance of missions," which was written by Miss L. Goode. Considerable enthusiasm was mani- fested, and some interesting speeches were made before the meeting closed. The meetings of the Baptist Association were continued on Monday, when the members were entertained by Mr. G. S. Fowler, at whose residence, Glen Osmond, gatherings were held in the morning and evening, when 26 ministers of the denomination were present. The Rev. F. E. Harry, of Sydney, read a paper on 'The relation of our churches to the social and political qusations of the day," in the course of which he said: — Dr. Chalmers in 1823 wrote —"The greatest of all questions for statesmen and churchmen is the condition of those untaught and degraded thousands who swarm around the base of the social edifice, and whose brawny arms may yet grasp its pillars to shake or to destroy." The same problem, the same possible danger faced them, but with this difference— the multi- tudes around were no longer untaught, for education Acts had been in operation and public schools abound, but their spiritual destitu- tion still remained the greatest of all problems. All true advances had come through the simple earnest preaching of the Gospel of Christ. Many ran to and fro with new legislative schemes, social inventions, and political dreams. Doubtless God would use them to some purpose. But all social, political, and financial remedies not born out of the re- demptive heart of God were but new Babel towers, from which men would ultimately flee in dispute and confusion to renew their sad and vain efforts towards a peaceful millennium. Should they confess to having too spasmodic an interest in passing events? Of course they did not want to be down-criers; and it was not given to all to announce sermons upon great calamities. Yet, while they might not be able to discuss such themes as "strikes" without giving offence, or without falling between two stools, they could wisely teach principles which must influence those who were directly interested in such social ques- tions. They were there not to echo public opinions but to lead it. If they were not keenly interested in the movements of the day, how could they bring the spirit of Christ to bear upon the laws and customs of society? Ethical principles might be taught, but the application of them to the details of daily life and to the conduct of public affairs must be left to the individual judgment. In some cities it was left to the pulpit, and to that alone, to counteract the insidious in- fluence of a poisoned press. He referred to the new journalism, with its great in- terest for all, with its poignant paragraphs, its personalities, its anony- mous articles (often with subtle insinuations approaching the very verge of libel), with its tit- bits of society news, its news concerning the turf and various sports, constituted almost the sole reading of thousands of men and women to day; and would anyone dare to say that such reading has no penetrating power for evil? It was for us to counteract this evil influence in every possible way by creating a wealthier lite- rary appetite, by fostering a pure taste, by training the young to read only those books and periodicals which minister to their intellectual and spiritual welfare. Ministers were often advised to keep out of politics, but no reasons of any weight had been given for such a strange course. Ministers ought to take their share in public life, like merchants, lawyers, tradesmen, and other citizens. Let them keep party politics out of the pulpit by all means, unless the question in debate had a direct bearing on the religious life of the people; then speak without fear of man. They must show how religious principles bore upon social and national life, for nothing was outside the scope of Christianity. Sur- rounded as they were with physical suffering and distress, some of it self-caused, and all of it to be alleviated by good legislation, sur- rounded by the victims of vice worn with pain and wretchedness, it was our duty to join hands with one another, and to apply Christ's teaching to modern life, so that this old world might be transformed back again into the Paradise it was meant to be. He was for- getting his special theme, which, he said, was the relation of the churches to social and political questions. He supposed a minister would shape the attitude of his church, as well as its character, if he be a strong man. He feared the churches repressed their individuality too much to-day. They needed more faith and courage, as well as a greater depth of convic- tion. They were "prophets of smooth speech." Individuality was not, as they were often tempted to think, founded in self-assertion but in self sacrifice, and the efficiency of our work was to be measured generally by the sincerity with which they used their indi- vidual endowment. They ceased to live well and to help forward their own generation in so far as they suppress that by which they were made to differ from others; just so far as they affected to fulfil a part not assigned to them; they became mere actors and they robbed the world of the power of our per- sonality in so far as they merely conformed to custom or fawned to fashion. When all men strove to be alike progress was impossible, for the world moved forward in proportion to the clear expression and impres- sion of separate individualities. He knew that in these days of levelling this doctrine was not largely held; yet if the pulpit was decaying it was owing to cowardice and con- ventionality. "Respect for the cloth" was rapidly declining, but if they were true to Christ and took a citizen's interest in all that affected the community, respect for the man would take its place. The people were losing all superstitious reverence for the "millinery of the ministry," for the unimpeachable sable garments and the inevitable dog-collar; and it was theirs to see that they commanded the respect and obedience of the people by their thorough manliness, their deep conviction, their uncompromising hostility to sin in high places or low and their unfailing loyalty to the highest standards of life. Their churches must allow more scope for the individuality of ministers. They were concerned with men and women. It took a soul to move a body; a high- souled man to move the masses. Their churches had social and national duties. Would that their churches did not leave as much as they did in the hands of their ministers, and that every member exerted his utmost to elevate the tone of society, to educate youth, to sympathise with suffering, to struggle against iniquity. This was every whit the work of every Christian. In the face of gigantic social evils no Christian should be idle or silent. Look at the curse of intemperance. How few of the churches were fully aware of the enor- mities of the evils caused by drink. Yet all the judges on the bench had uttered strong indictments against it. He did not know much of political life in South Australia except that it was somewhat variable, and he was never sure who was in power; but in New South Wales their legis- lation was largely in the hands of the devil. At the last annual meetings of the denomi- nation held in New South Wales a resolution was passed commending to the members of the churches the desirability of securing Christian men to represent them in the Legis- lative Assembly, and recommending that they should sink all questions of policy before that of character. There were many men in the colonies who were atheists in politics yet members of Christian churches, and political atheism was the prelude to political anarchy. No nation would exist for long with merely material aims; if there was no higher object than the promotion of trade, the protection of property, the levying of taxes, the destruction of that nation was sure. This was illustrated by history. The business of the State was national righteousness; that alone could exalt. In self-protection they must labor to lift the life of the society which they shared to a higher level. It was a sad thing for any country when its churches either so lived in the life of the past as to become blind to the life of the present, or became so chilled by the strange currents of prevailing thought as to sink into despondency and inaction. The old world idea which identified the in- dividual with the State, and gave him no right but what the State allowed, was coming in on the people in a new route and in a modern garb. People are now growing suspicious of all individualism, of the very power of self- determination which had made them what they were. The national prosperity had not served to wipe out the reproach of poverty and dis- tress which marred the national character. Poverty was not unknown in Adelaide. Sweating was one of those evils for which cer- tain remedies had been suggested, but the root of the evil was untouched. Let them go on whitewashing their State sepulchres, let them cover up the evil things, let the churches be silent and indifferent to social sins and national needs, let them suppress all forces which made for the formation of character and the diffusion of the Christian principle, and their destruction was sure. Fifty years before Richard Cobden had said — "The con- dition of the people is the question of all ques- tions," and might they not say the same that day? What was the church doing for the poor? He feared they had very little to say to the poor to-day. He feared that a great revolution was taking place — a revolution more mighty than civilised countries had ever yet known. Men were saying that the present distribution of wealth was contrary to justice, contrary to the social economics of Christianity. Why should one man die a millionaire and another after a life of hard honest toil leave barely enough to buy a coffin? The working classes were talking of these things all the world over. No sign of sound of these things might have yet reached the ears of certain sections of the community, but beneath that upper crust, as beneath the beauty and blossom of southern Italy, were fierce volcanic fires, which might burst forth some day with tragic force unless those who possessed the wealth of the world made it what it ought to be. He believed that their attitude towards the poor would ever be an index to character, whether as individual or churches. They should im press upon the churches the need for con- sidering the poor with a wise charity. Each family in comfortable circumstances should take a destitute family in charge, not in a patronising way, but with wise love. The question was asked what attitude should the churches assume towards Socialism? Socialism was said to aim to do away with the evils of the present competitive system. Apart from all the frothy and foolish talk of anarchists and political demagogues they must recognise the discontent prevailing among the masses, and consider the schemes put forward by thoughtful and earnest men. Legislation was needed against the terrible and unblush- ing vice of the streets, against all places of questionable amusement, where the innocent were allured by those three allied curses — gambling, drink, and impurity. In spite of all the sneers of a worldly and cynical press the ultimate analysis of all history was that which was found upon the sacred page, and upon it all the histories of the nations were but one continuous comment that "righteous- ness exalteth a nation, and sin is the reproach of any people." The Rev. J. Price, of Mount Barker, moved a vote of thanks to Rev. F. E. Harry for his paper. The Rev. D. Davis, of Gawler, said in many of the social schemes advocated the element of personal righteousness was eliminated. He would ask of any scheme propagated, does it make for personal righteousness? If not, he would not support it. Ministers had their social duties, but church members could not escape responsibility. Ministers might do a good deal in political matters by advocating certain lines of action, but candidates for legislative honors should be men of character, and no mere pleas of a man being eloquent, clever, or witty, should turn men aside from a firm position on this important matter. He believed that the granting of woman's franchise would assist greatly in the solution of many social questions. The Rev. C. F. Smith, of Laura, thought that the modern movements toward reform dealt with the branches only of the tree instead of going to the root, therefore society was not likely to be permanently benefited. The Rev. F. J. Steward, of Stockport, said the writer of the paper, through laboring under the disadvantage of being unacquainted with South Australian affairs, had missed the crucial point of the question as understood here. The land question, which had not been touched upon by the writer, was the chief feature of popular reform in South Australia. He believed that the chief work of ministers was to deal with individuals, and through these affect social life. A discourse had been made by a minister lately in which he said he did not believe "That poverty was the cause of sin." He did not consider the land question would solve the difficulties of the age. Ministers must preach certain definite prin- ciples and leave the application of them to the individual. The Rev. T. Dowding referred to the state- ment made that drunkenness was not one of the great causes of poverty. He dissented from that statement. The Rev. S. Mead, in giving his personal experience of South Australia 20 years ago, spoke of the absence of poverty. While hold- ing to democratic principles he traced the widespread distress to the spirit of speculation so rife a few years ago; the influence of agi- tators on the land question; and the four great Australian strikes. What was called the social question meant simply a few years ago the study of political economy, and ministers should be acquainted with that science. He was of opinion that the teaching of the Bible was on the side of the personal ownership of the land. There were some people who forgot that those who differed from them in their views on present day social questions were equally earnest and sincere in their convictions. When he was accused of slavery because he employed a servant girl, and was told that personal ownership of land was robbery he no longer listened to such agitators. He had read Henry George and the Fabian essays, and differed from them in toto. The church was meant to meet the wants and deal with the conditions of all classes, and not of any one class in particular. The motion was carried unanimously, and Mr. Harry responded in a few suitable phrases. The Rev. W. T. WHITLEY, principal of the Baptist College, Victoria, selected as a sub- ject, "What has the higher criticism estab- lished?" and in discussing this issue said the paper might fittingly have as a subtitle "How far are the facts of the Bible verified or contra- dicted by historical research." The higher criticism had established beyond doubt the utter incompetence of unspiritual men to apply their canons and processes to spiritual matters. The modern view regarding the first six books of the Bible was that a story book existed about 800 B.C. containing most of the history which they now had in these six books. The laws, however, were not included, ex- cepting, perhaps, those in chap. 14 to 24 of Exodus. If these were not in a story-book they were certainly collected elsewhere, and fairly represented the popular religion of the day. Turning to the second division of the Jewish canon they found the obligation to the higher criticism was much deeper. The prophets had a message primarily for their own times. It would soon be accounted unfair to preach sermons on texts without ascertaining their original connection and meaning. Although there were different opinions on the dates of some of the prophecies, surely there could be no possibility of evading the old argument from prophecy as to the divinity of the Saviour. Whether a certain prediction was made 500 or 800 years before Christ was of little real consequence. Dealing with the miscellaneous books on the third division of the canon, they could not well say their gains had been so large. The higher criticism had here established what tremendous consequences could be deduced from the faintest allusion, but when it came to fixing the dates of all the Psalms and of assert- ing that only some half-dozen at most were the songs of David they might well be scepti- cal. With regard to the books of Daniel and of Esther, the former had probably been added to, while a recent expositor held that the latter was a pious story rather than a relation of fact. The higher criticism showed to great advantage in relation to the New Testament. As a result of close study it had been proved beyond doubt that most of the Pauline epistles were genuine, and served to make the truth of all highly probable. The general epistles had come in for a share of criticism, and, like everything that was good, had profited by the comment. Criticism had in this relation determined that the general facts were true. They had in brief learned that the Bible had really two literatures, and they must read it under that light. They had learned the necessity of enquiry as to the primary meaning of each verse, of each passage, of each book. Thus they found the Bible had a message for every age and yet noted a steady progressive revelation, and that the whole series of books, varied though they were, yet had their unity in Christ. The Rev. W. Bell, of the Semaphore, moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. W. T. Whitley, who had contributed a discriminating and valuable paper. He thought that the Old Testament should be submitted to criticism, always however bearing in mind that an un- spiritual man could not truly read spiritual facts. Elements of great value could be de- rived from the higher criticism, which had deduced much that was new and beneficial. He was very pleased to have listened to such an able paper. The Rev. W. T. Whitley, in reply to ques- tions, said that the phrase "higher criticism" was applied to "the criticism of matter as opposed to that of form." The Rev. D. Davis, of Gawter, and the Rev. E. J. Tuck, of Broken Hill, eulogised the paper and spoke of the benefits that the higher criticism both wittingly and unwittingly, con ferred on students. In some cases it was destructive, but in many instances many new points were brought out which were of great importance. The Rev. J. Parker, of Angaston, said the higher critics were awakening the interest in the Bible and were causing new channels and lines of thought to be opened out. They certainly owed much to those who were endeavoring to bring out the truths of the Bible, and make it essentially a "book of truth." The Rev. J. Price, of Mount Barker, con- sidered that as there were critics and critics, so they should be careful as to what criticisms they accepted. A hearty vote of thanks having been ac- corded him, the Rev. W. T. Whitley briefly replied. THE PRESIDENTS SOCIAL. Mr. J. Viner Smith, the retiring president of the association, and Mrs. Smith, enter- tained a large number of friends at a social at the Victoria Hall on Monday evening, the gathering proving of a most enjoyable character. The hall had been specially furnished for the occasion, and the decora- tions were pretty and tasteful. The Rev. G. Hogben officiated as chairman. During the evening a welcome was extended to the Rev. F. E. Harry, the Sydney delegate to the association meetings, who briefly responded. Short discourses upon special denomina- tional practices were given by the Rev. R. M. Hunter (Wesleyan) and Mr. T. W. Fleming (Presbyterian). An enjoyable musical programme was provided under the direction of Mr. E. L. S. Tuck. While the guests were assembling Mr. A. L. Warren contributed pianoforte music, and later on Mrs. E. W. Oldham gave two songs, "The gift" and "Daddy." Mr. E. C. Bridgewood rendered the recit. and aria, "In native worth," from Haydn's "Creation." Miss Olding played a violin solo, and Mr. Tuck and Miss Florence Tuck as a pianoforte duet the overture, "Poet and peasant." Some interesting lantern pictures were shown of Baptist churches built during the year, accom- panying descriptions being given by the minis- ters. A hearty and unanimous vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Smith on the proposition of Mr. C. McMichael, seconded by Mr. N. J. Hone. The annual meetings of the South Aus- tralian Baptist Association were held in the F'inders-street church on Tuesday under the presidency of Mr. J. Viner Smith. There was a good attendance. The Rev. F. E Harry and Professor Whitley, of New South Wales and Victoria, were wel- comed, as was the Rev. A. Hyde, of Good- wood, and all replied suitably. The general report, read by the general secretary (Rev. R. Woolcock), included the following : — Early in May last the Rev. W. E. Rice went with his family on a visit to England, the Tynte-street church having granted him a holiday. His valuable services as general secretary were therefore lost to the Association for the remainder of the year. The vacancy has been filled by a member of the com- mittee. When the treasurer presented his balance- sheet to the last annual meeting there was a debt of £112 18s. 6d. There is today a substantial credit balance. In the last annual report the committee urged the churches to adopt some systematic method of collecting regular subscriptions of small amounts, and remarked that "if all our mem- bers gave one penny each per week to the Association funds that would yieid £848 per annum." Feeling that the demands upon the funds of the Association could not be fairly met without the minimum annual amount of £1,000, a resolution was passed at the last annual meeting recommending that earnest efforts be made to raise that sum by means of contributions of 1d. a week and upwards from each member of our churches, as well as by larger contri- butions. This effort was greatly encouraged by the liberal offer of several friends to give substantial donations upon tbe condition ot the £1,000 being raised by the end of the Association year. The com- mittee felt it incumbent upon them to do what they could to bring about so desirable a result. A finance sub committee was appointed to give special attention to this matter, consisting of the Rev. S. Mead, trea- surer; Mr. James Gray, finance secretary; and Messrs. N. J. Hone and G. H. Cargeeg. The success of the undertaking is largely due to their assiduous efforts, together with the help rendered by those gentlemen who assisted them in laying the matter before tbe churches, as well as to those friends who have encouraged the effort by special donations. Grants have been made to the following churches:— Beryl-steeet, Broken Hill ; South and West Broken Hill, Southwark, Petersburg, Goodwood, Hindmarsh, Stockport circuit, Mount Barker, Clare, Mannum, Mount Gambier, and Knightsbridge. The Rev. T. Dowding continues to be the agent of the Association in the Port Pirie circuit. An unusually large number of ministerial changes have taken place during this year. In the early part ot the year the Rev. A. Metters resigned the charge of the Jamestown, Georgetown, and Clover Hill churches. Mr. Metters has since accepted the pastorate of the church at Kapunda. The Rev. E. Vaughan resigned his charge of the Mannum church, and settled at Sheffield, in Tasmania, feeling it to be his duty to seek a change of climate for Mrs. Vaughan, who had passed through a severe affliction. The Rev. J. Robertson has resigned his charge at Mount Gambier and accepted that of Mannum. The Rev. John Paynter, after laboring for five years at Morphett Vale, and latterly at Aldinga in conjunction with Morphett Vale, accepted a cordial invitation from Mount Gambier. The Rev. J. Sexton has resigned his charge of Gumeracha and Kenton Valley churches and has accepted that of Morphett Vale and Aldinga. The Gumeracha and Kenton Valley churches have secured the services of the Rev. E. J. Henderson, who has resigned the pastorate of the Goodwood church. The services of the Rev. A. E. Green have been lost to the denomination, he having resigned the pastorate of the Semaphore church and entered the ranks of the Episcopalians. The members of the Semaphore church have induced the Rev. W. Bell, M.A., to become their pastor. The vacancy thus caused in the pastorate of the Gawler church has been filled by the Rev. D. Davis, of Orroroo. The Rev. E. Bungey. the first pastor of the Clare church, after spending five years in this his first pastorate, accepted the cordial invitation of the Orroroo and Blackrock churches. The Rev. W. Dennis has been obliged on aooount of failing health to relinquish the charge of the Grange church, which, however, has been provided for by being united with Hilton, under the pastorate of the Rev. G. J. Clark. The Rev. W. Jones has taken charge of the Knightsbridge church; and quite recently the Rev. S. Fairey has resigned the pastoral charge of the Parkside church and accepted that of Glen Osmond. The churches now without pastors are— Clare, Parkside, those of Yorke's Peninsula circuit, Jamestown, George- town, and Clover Hill. The committee sincerely hope that for the sake of the churches themselves, as well as their pastors, the grouping of scattered churches will become more general in the future than in the past, and would respectfully call your attention to the by-law bearing upon this subject, which says— "Churches making application for aid, or intending to do so, shall be expected to fall in with such plans as the executive committee may deem advisable for the grouping of churches under one pastorate." Applications for ministerial work has been received from several gentlemen whom your committee have not seen their way to employ. The only addition to our ministerial ranks during the year is that of the Rev. A. Hyde, late of Hamilton, Victoria, who has taken up the pastoral work of the Goodwood Church, and whom we are pleased to welcome among us. Four students for the ministry have been engaged in a regular course of studies under the tuition of the Rev. S. Mead. M. A, LL. B., the Rev. W. Bell. M.A., and latterly the Rev. C. Bright, and have made com- mendable progress in their work. Two of these — Messrs. J. R. Walbank and E. B. Turner— will be ready to take up ministerial work at the end of the year. Mr. J. Murray has combined with his studies pastoral work in connec- tion with the church at Southwark, and also ceases his studies at the end of the year. Mr. H. E. Hughes is desirous of continuing his work as a student for another term. There are several promising young men who are applying to the college committee for tuition with a view to the ministry. The long desired new church at Mount Gambier has been erected, and was opened on the 8th of the present month. The church at Petersburg has been considerably enlarged, likewise that of Beryl-street, Broken Hill. The church property has also been enlarged at South Broken Hill. Nine classrooms have been erected at Alberton, and vestries at Goodwood, Magill, and BIack- rock. The friends at Port Pirie have been able to commence the erection of their new church, which they are hopeful of being able to open free of any debt except the £250 loan from the building fund. It is only just to the retiring president (Mr. J. Viner Smith) to say his year of office has been marked by an unassuming but deep interest in the work of the Association, which has shown itself in many ways, especially in his kindly words for all and ready response to the various claims upon his liberality. The denominational library has been used rather more freely than in some previous years, though not nearly to the extent it might be, seeing only 89 books have been taken out. Only two volumes have been added during the year. The total number of books is 861. In the early part of the year the Rev. C. Spurgeon, son of tbe late honored C. H. Spurgeon, spent a few weeks in our city, having come on a visit to the colonies for the benefit of his health. His clear and evangelical discourses and popular lectures were well appreciated. The report was adopted. The Rev. R. Woolcock presented an abstract from the statistical table for the year ended August 31, which gave the following figures :— 55 churches, 13 preaching stations, 4,109 members; increase of members, 35 ; additions from the world, 202 ; baptisms, 148; Sunday- school teachers, 605 — an increase of 35 ; scholars, 6,317— an increase of 124; sittings, 12,095— an increase of 671 ; amount raised for general church purposes, £8,000; for the Baptist As- sociation, £842 ; value of denominational property, £82,858. It was pointed out that some of the returns from churches were in- accurate, and it was decided to take remedial measures. The report was adopted. The Rev. S. Mead presented the progress report of the college. Upon the Revs. W. Bell and S. Mead had devolved the main work of tuition for the past seven months, assistance having been given for a time by the Rev. C. Bright, who had however been unable to continue on account of illness. There was a balance to the credit of the fund of £20 18s. Mr. A. S. Neill (treasurer) read the finan- cial statement of the James White fund, which indicated a balance on August 31 of £76 13s. 10d. The building committee reported that during the year the last payment from the jubilee fund had been made, and that fund had been merged into the building fund. An addi- tional sum of £1,070 had been expended over the original amount estimated to free the church from debt. The capital to the credit of the fund was £6,875 17s., after writing off £6,625 9s. 9d. as free grants. Of the £6,875 17s. £6,457 16s. 9d. was owing by churches without interest; whilst £2S6 16s. 2d. had been lent to churches at interest. The managers of the fund had lent £793 to churches, in addition to the £27 10s., the last payment on account of the jubilee fund. One hundred pounds of this amount had been lent for manse purposes. The reports in connection with Truth and Progrcss were of a satisfactory character. Mr. W. Neill presented the annual report of the aged ministers' relief fund. The revenue had exceeded the payments by £70 5s. There were 21 ministers conneeted with the fund, as against 20 for the previous year. The En- deavor branch continued to show a steady increase, the amount now held at the credit of ministers being £1,088 10s. The amount now invested on mortgage, and spread over nine loans, was £3,696 7s., being £720 more than last year. After luncheon the Rev. W. Bell occupied the chair and read the following telegram, which had been received from the Baptist Association, Queensland, annual sessions: — — "Christian greetings, God speed." It was resolved that a responsive greeting be sent to the Queensland Association. The Rev. S. Mead gave notice of motion for the establishment of an intercolonial Baptist paper. The election of officers resulted as follows :— Vice-president, Mr. G. S. Fowler ; general and minute secretaries, the Revs. G. Hogben and J. H. Sexton ; treasurer, Mr. J. K. Fowler; finance secretary, Mr. J. Gray; auditors, Messra. J. S. Scott and £L Bonnin ; board of management, the Revs. C. Bright, G. Hogben, and S. Mead, and Messrs. J. R. Fowler and Stow Smith ; building fund advice committee, -the president, secretary, and1 Messrs. M. Goode, M. Mead,^ and Neill; librarian, Mr. W. Elli3 ; aged ministers' fund committee, Messrs.* E. S. Wigg, G. S. Fawlar-j ?? J. V. Smith, W. Gilberb, A S. Neil!, aud W. Neill. Votes of thanks wera passed to the retiring officers for their past services. The appoint ment of managers of the building fund was lefn ' to the following session, while the selsotion oc an editor for Truth a-id Projrcss was left to ' the board of management. THE PTITCSmF.N'T'S ATyTVR/ESPL The lecture-hall was well filled in tha even ing, when the newly-elected president delivered his address. The retiring president, Mr. J. Viner Smith, occupied the chair, and briefly referred to the work done wbile ha was ia office, wbiob. would ever ba rsuiembered by hint on account of the good feeling and kindness extended to him by all with whom he waa brought in contact. The President (the Rev. W. Bell) took a3 his theme ths passage, ' Ye shall receive powor when the Holy Ghosft 13 come upon you, and ye shall ba my witnesses.' (Acts i., 3.) He said these were the words of Jesus to Hia disciples jaaS before He ascended to Heaven. They described the function which the disciples were to per form on the earth, and told of the soatca whence they were to derive help for their difficult task. The express injunction whiob. He gave them ' not to depart from Jerusalem. bub to wait for the promise of the Father ' showed the supreme importance which Ha attached to their supernatural endowment as being the only adequate equipment for their work. It was matter for thankfulness that in our day the doctrine of the indwelling of the Holy Ghost in believing hearts had acquired quite an exceptional prominence through large sections of the Churoh. Many felt thab to have Him abiding amongst them was a privi lege granted, not as a reward to Christian attainment, but as a gift to simple faith ; aud a3 a result of this Christian life had risea under a new inspiration. The Second Book of ths Acts described the descent of the Spirit and the testimony which, the new-bora church, bore under His guidance. The burden of Pater's sermon delivered on the Day of Pente cost was the one declaration that 'Jesus is tha Christ.' This statement Peter set himself to prove in a way that would commend itself to Jewish ears, for he waa addressing 3\. Jewish audience. He appealed to their knowledge of Jesus, the man who about sevea weeks before was living in that very city, and reports of whose doings were doubtless rife ab that great festival. Taking care at each step to bring out the God-ward aspect of His life and work Peter first- made mention of HL* miracles, and the evidence of a Divine mission which these supplied. Then he drew attention to His death, charging it as a crimiaal act upon the Jews, but at the same time repre senting it as not less the fulfilment of a Divine purpose. These two facts — tha miracles of Jesus and His death — were both capable of a Messianic interpretation according to tho Old Testament Scriptures, but Peter did not go back to the Old Testament figure of tha Messiah till he made the startling announce ment of the resurrection of Jesus. The con clusion was irresistible, '.Let all tho house or Israel therefore know assuredly thab God hath made Him both Lord and Christ, this Jesus whom ye crucified.' The proof was a Jewish one, but it was valid. Jesus was Christ, and this was the substance of the churches' witness' today. With the aid of the other Scriptures they were able to fill in the points which Peter in his sermon barely touched. Of course to attempt) this in any thing like a complete fashion would carry then far beyond the limits of an address like this. But it might be profitable for them to con sider what aspects of their witness most need to be emphasised in the times in whioh they live. In the truth that Jesus was the Messiatf covered all time and stretched away oa either ? side into eternity. This trath had saved the world many times in its stormy and perilous course. In great crises, when the strain upon the vessel was becoming intolerable, when' neither sun nor stars appeared for many days, and men began to fear that after all they werer created to be the sport of winds and waves,' some fresh discovery of the grace and truth treasured up in the Divine Son of Man baSd put new heart into struggling souls, for by tha message proclaimed, He himself had drawn near to the mariners, Baying, 'Be of goodoheer, ib is I; be not afraid.' Asa portion of thia church they were prepared to witness that tha series of supernatural aots, in which a histori cally-manifested Christ did His great work; laid a foundation for the redemption of tha world whioh hell itself could nob shake, and thab these acts when retained in their connection with His living self supplied resources which, could never fail until the times of restoration of all things.. Peter in his address alluded to the death of Jesus, charging it as a crime upon the Jews, but bringing it into line with the '* determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God.' The epistles of the New Testament threw light on the question why the death of Christ waa part of God's pre-arranged plan. ^ Whom God Be*' forth to be a propitiation, through faith, by; ; His blood, to show His righteousness. . . i'' that He might Himself be just, and the jus tifier of him that hath faith in Jesus.' Thes» words were no mere theological statement. They embodied a doctrine, but the dootrina . had in it the life-blood of Christianity^ and one could not read the words without) feeling that the Cross was the expression of ths1 Divine indignation against sin. This aspeafa at the truth was a keen-edged weapon in Peter's hand on the Day of Pentecost. When her contrasted the Jews' treatment of Jesus with.' ? that of God when he declared that the Jesus -. whom they had crucified God had made both Christ and Lord, his hearers felt the tercibla - gulf that yawned between God and themselves. This led them to cry out, ' Brethren, whafc. shall we do ':'\ The Lord's word was being fulfilled ; the Spirit was convicting the world in reBpeet of ein because they believed not ia Jesus. A careful study of the Gospels re vealed the fact that after the first blaze of ex citement created by His ministry Curbs re tired _ more and more into p'rivate life, spending the time in the training of His beloved disciples for their future work. It was clear that if Christ had ohosen ha might .have commanded a large following and headed a revolution in the Jewish State. Ha might have broken tbe Roman yoke from tha necks of His people and restored to them the ; land which practically they held in fee from ? their conquerors. He might have made it H13 main business to redress the wrongs whioh He so keenly denounced, the oppression and ex tortion practised by class upon class among the Jews themselves. He had the power to do all this, or et least to produce the new political and social conditions whioh may have been deemed necessary to this end. . He had the power, yet He did not do it. Why? Because His main function was to do something far greater. 'Behold the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world,' They would have to gird themselves for ser vice, for out of tbe toils of His people God wan building the holy city, New Jerusalem, wbioh would come down out of heaven ; and already the voice was sounding in their hearts whioh would one day issua from the mouth of Him that sitteth upon the throne— ' Behold. I ; make all things new.' . On the motion of the .CffAnwAK a votaofv bhauks was accorded tha president for - hia address. '??-? Hh Wednesday *fie jneetmf^a of the BaftiEt ''.fii*roeiatioii were continued in the iiinderE etreet Church schoolroom in the presence of & have audience, the Eev. W. Bel], M.A., presiding. After the preliminary business tad been gone through a number of letters frijm the churches were read. The Bev. W. Oilmoar then led a discussion on the subject — 'The committee as an intermediary bstsveen car churches and our denominational activi ties.' The following gentlemen were elected saanagete of the Baptist building' fand : — Eevs. 8. Mead, S. Faiiey, W. Bell, W. E. Riee, G, Hogben, and C. Bright, Messrs. C. B. Goode, G. S. Fowler, H. Bowen, D. W. Melvin, C. Willeox, A. S. Xeffi, J. V. Smith, gtow Smith, and J. F. Mellor. An interesting paper entitled ' How to pro mote co-operation and fellowship with Baptists of she other colonies,5' was read by the Ear. -3. Bahkeb, who, in the course of his remarlts eaid it was pleasant to note that slieady there had been considerable coopera tion and fellowship amongst Australian Baptists of both a sentimental and practical character. To ensure ao increase of. this ccipor&te; action and trrie fellowship there woSld need to be a modification of the prirt oiliie cf Congregationalism as it at present ob tained. The churches ehoald be grouped into circuits, and the circuits formed into districts, which should be gathered into synods, diseases, or presbyteries, and the whole cf the cirarches in each colony be united in one con ference, truly representative and poiiseEeing legislative powers, iinauy tcere snouia oe one general Australian Conference or Assembly meeting about every three years in tfca ciirterent capitals. The proposal for the establishment of a central college for the training of ministers had met with fayor from the ministers he had communicated with. He advocated a Ebill further extension of the pre sent partial amalgamation of their missionary societies, and in concluding spoke in advocacy of the establishment of an intercolonial deno icinational newspaper. A Tote of tfeanfce wae passed to the rev. gentleman. The Rev. S. Mead moved— Ibsttliis abBociatton, appiovaie ol se intercolonial Espiisi paper with & forcn'ghtiy isBje, directs ttaat Tri-sh and Progress shall be Keiged tbnein item January 1, JSSi, with tie pro vac tint s Sxtd propor tion ci IJie available tpace ior printed matter stall Vie ' elicited to the charge of the south Australian editor, end that & due proportion ol Jcas or profit be accepted by oat usard o! management, it being understood ibat tfeeuid the scheme Icr fin iDlcrooluEuti paper cot prove graciicabie Truth end rrojrcti ?n!i fce pub Ifcked ae heretofore. iue motion was cimea. On the motion of 3&. G. S. Fgwlkr, seconded by Sir. X. J. Hoss, it was decided . tibat the board of management already chosen for the paper Try-th and Progress ehoxJd aei in connection with the proposed intercolonial Eapiiet paper, and be a board cf management fertile Josal portion of the newspaper pro Tided the echeme was carried into effect. Trie fiev. J. Pabkhb moved, and the' Eev. S. Mead Ejeeonded the following proposal, which was -jjarried : — Staat ihe association, being- gtletrcd at toe fact tliai »o Eoptijjt chwrehes have been ct^biisbed in Wtst ASEtr&i;'s. tccftinmend the genera! committee to cc epeiate with tise other oolcuite and West Australian fiapUfite with a; \ iew to semiring eSi; ;ect ministers ic initiate EsptaEt! work there. The PbesiiVekt announced that the follow ing gentiemeja had been cboeen ae a general committee : — ; Reve. S. Mead, O. Bright, J. Uanearrow, I*j. Boyliag, A. Hyde, J. Price, R. VTbolcoek, £, Fairey. A, Metiers, and W. E. Eiee,Messirs. A. S. ^eili, G. H. Uoode, J. V. Smith, D. W. Melvic, Stew Smith, N. S. Hcne, TV. Neil), G. H. Cargeeg. J. H. Cheet bam, and E, W. Waddy. A large congregation £Hed tbe Flindere ctreet Baptist ' Charch in ihe evening oa the occasion of the. united service held in connec tion with the annual meetings cf the associa tica. T&e; eerviee waE conducted by the Rev. 'V7. T. Whitley, of ^lelboarne. Hjluet, of Sydney, who took for his te-.t 2 Corinthians, iv., 5— 'Foe we preach net) onreelveB, but Christ Jesus the Lord.' The preacher stated that tbie was tbe one theme of the Christian ministry. They might be exponents of social ec-ience, advocates of sanitary refortn, pleaders for political justice ; but these is themselves were mat the great ftmotione ci tbe Christian niinietry. He knew that the chnrcb bad net always been sympathetic with every phase of life. He confessed that on3y now was ehe awaking to her eocial duties. She now fed the hungry, clothed the naked, and taught the ignorant, as well ae ministered tc the epiritual neede of men. Whenever efce recognised Jiagrant sin ehe was eg longer dumb. She had had something to cay. of late of the sweater, drinkseiler, book maker, and those who traffic in licensed iniquity. Bub their great, cominiseijn was to nroclaim salvatioc bv Jesss Ohriet. to briii^ tbe laws of heaven down to the life en earth, to preach the principles which constitute the law of holy living. If they Eiade the pulpit the platform for the discussion of political ques tions they would draw a crowd, attract non churchgoers, and possibly win t:ieir approval for a time, but thereby ihesftwould isiss the great object of the Christian ministry, ?which -was to 'preach -not ourselves, bat Christ Jeeus tbe Lord.' Scientists might glory in their personal achievements, fc^t he tfbo etocd up tc preach for God must be hidden behind the majesty of Jesus Christ and hie epe6ob nraei be winged with the penetrating power of God. The sermon was followed by a united com mt:nion service, at which the He7. J. Paynter presided, and tbe Reve. H. J. Lambert and W. Wookoek took part in tbe devotional ^^ercJEee. In connection with the annual meetiuge cf tlae South Australian Baptist Association an catdoor gathering toak place en Saturday afternoon in a paddock f ormiag portion of the Xorrene Park estate at Mitefaam. Special care left the city at 1.12 and 2 o'clock, and macy -visitors made use ci their own con veyances in reaching the rendezvous. An unhorsed trolly placed under a spreading fiuin tree was decorated with Sowers and fitted with -chairs and a table. Sir. C. H. Goode, »e chairman, and the various epeatere took poeseesion of their temporary platform, and slien. butexeellentaddreEseE, interspereed witb einging were given on 'Oar distinctive prin. ciplee.^ Tbe Rev. W. BelL of the Sema phore, gave a brief historical sketch ; ike Rev. T. Dowding, of Port Pirie, Epcto of tfae development of the^e pri&eiples; in their ehurehee, and the Rer. Prins;pal W. T. 'Wiitley, of Melbourne, fcllowed en the cub ' jeet of '' How to maintain them and promote th6ir advancement/' Tea was provided by the ladies of the Slitehara ehTjrec in the field, and the company dispersed shortly after 5 o'clock. Although the rain held ofi tc a great eytoct tbe charming eurronndings cf the Epot ?wotsM bave afiorded EtOi greater pleasure to tbe vieitore had the afternoon been brlgfct. 