v ■ -1 ■ By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of '"The Son of his Bather," "The • Chronicles of Carlingtord," "The "Rose in June," "The Greatest Heiress in England," "Whiteladies," "Within the Precinets," "It was a'Lover and his Lass," " 4-dam • Graeme"'&a;, &e.; ^Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] . Charier- XXXI. Portman-square had seemed to Bee the first -Btep into the world after all that bad happened; but when she was there this gentle illusion faded. It was not the world but only another ■dry and faded corner out of the world, more silent and reoluse than even Kingswarden had become, for there were no voices. of .children •within and no'rustle of trees and singing of! birdB without. The meeting witn Betty was ; sweet, but the air of the little old-fashioned I tea-table, the long, solemn dinner, with the butler and the footman stealing like ghosts about the table, which was laid out with heavy ; silver and out glass, with only one small bunch ;:of.flowers as a sacrifice to modern ideas in the middle, and the silence of tiie great drawing room afterwards, halflighted and dreary, came with a chill upon the girl who had been afraid •of being dazzled by too much brightness. There" were only the old lady and the old gentleman, Betty,.and herself around the big • table,, and only the same party without the old gentleman afterwards. 'Mrs.'Lyon asked Bee -questions about her excellent father, and she examined Bee closely about her dear mother, wishing to know .all the particulars" of Mrs. : Kmgswar d's illness. .J "I'can't get,a nice serious answer from Betty. She is such a little thing; and she ' tells me she was. not at home through the "Worst," Mrs. Lyon said. It was not a subject to inspirit Bee or enable her to rise above the level of her home thoughts. Betty did not seem to feel it in the same way. She was in a white frock with black. ribbons, for Mrs. Lyon did not like to see her in black, " such a little tiling, you know." Bee wondered vaguely whether she herself, only a year and a •half "the elder, was supposed to be quite middle- aged and beyond all the happier sur roundings of life. Mrs. Lyon gave her a great deal of advice as to what she ought to do and talked much of the responsibilities of the elder sister. "You must teach them to obey you, my dear. You must hob let down the habit of obedience; you must be very strict with them; a sister has more need even than a mother to be .very strict to keep them in a good way." Bee. sat ..very'still while the old lady prosed. It" was so silent but for that voice that! the ticking of the clock became quite an im portant sound in the large dim room. And Bee strained her ears for' the sound of a hansom drawing up; for Charlie's step on the pavement. Many hansoms stopped at neigh boring, .houses. and footsteps sounded. But Charlie did not make his appeatanee. " My brother said he would look in later," she had told Mrs. Lyon when' she arrived. "Well, my dear, we shall hope he will," the old lady •had said, " but a youDg man in London finds a hundred engagements." And Betty, who had been so serious, who had been so sweet, a perfect companion at the time of their mother's death, more deeply penetrated by all the influences of the time than Bee herself, now flitted about in her white frock with all her old brightness and sang her little song without faltering to show Bee what progress she had made since she had been taking lessons. Bee could scarcely yet sing the hymns in church without breaking down, though to be sure a girl who was having the best lessons would be obliged to get over that. After the long evening when they were at last alone together Betty did not respond warmly to]Bee's suggestion that she should now be thinking of returning home. " Yon seem to think of nothing but the children," she said; "you can'twant me," to which Bee could only reply that there were .more things than the children to think of and that she was very lonely and had no one to talk to "But you have Charlie," said Betty. " Charlie is very full—of his own concerns. He has not much sympathy with me. All that .'he wants is to get back to Oxford." ' V To Oxford in the vacation ? What would be do there ?" . .." He says he would work," said Bee. " Oh, Bee, how nice of Charlie ! I know I .."they do sometimes. Gerald Lyon tells me;| but I never thought that. Charlie-—" . "No," said Bee, "and I don't feel very sure •■Xiqw. There is some one—to whom he writes "Euoh long letters——" • "Oh, Bee! This is far, far more interest ing than reading. Do you know who she is ? : Does he tell you about her ?" " Her name is Laura," said Bee, " that is all I know.". : " Oh," cried Betty, " Charlie too !" and then a. flush came over the girl's uplifted face. Bee, poor Bee, absorbed in the many things which had dawned upon her which were beyond -Betty, did not .observe the color nor even that ■significant " too" which had come to Betty's lips in spite of herself. " I-think he met her, or some one belonging vto her, at the Academy to-day, and that's why lie hasn't come. Oh, Batty, I am not hippy, about it—I am not happy at all!" Betty put her arms round Bee and kissed her. ■ She thought it was the remembrance of her own disappointment and disaster which made her sister cry. out in this heartbroken way. Betty looked very wistfully in Bee's eyes. She was more sorry than words could say. If she could have done anything in the world "to make it j-all come right" she would have done so. And in the-bottom of her heart she still had a con : yiction that all. would "comeright." " Oh Bee, 'Bee I" she cried, -"cannot anything be done"! : If only—only you would have listened to his mother!—Bee Bee held up a warning finger. "Do you ■think it is myself I am thinking of ?" she fsaid, 'andthen wringing herhandB she added, "I ' don't know what harm we have done to bring r it on; but oh, I think we are in the hands of ■fate." \- What did this mean? Betty thought her •-sister had gone out of her mind and Bee [would make no explanation. But I think this . strange conversation made Betty rather less ■willing to return home. She was the darling I of the house in Portman-square; though they .did not go much into society they had all manner of indulgences for Betty and took her to the park and encouraged th6 visits 'of their ■nephew Gerald, who was a very merry com panion for the girl. He was permitted to take : her to see various sights and the old people as ■"usual did not perceive what was beginning to vdawn under their very eyes. Betty was such Ja little thing. The consequence was that, (though Bee thoughb Porcman-square still ' duller than Kingswarden, her little sister was .not of that opinion. Bee accordingly went ■back- alone next day, Betty accompanying .'her to the rail way-station. Neither at Porb f^nan-square nor at the railway did MCharlie' appear and it was with a heavy Mieart that Bee went home. It seemed to her 1-as she travelled alone, for I think the first time "in her life (she was not yet quite twenty), that ■] everyone was following his or her own way and that only she was bearing the whole burden of the family. Her father had returned to his own : world, his club, his dinners, official and other i wiBe. It was indispensable that he should do kso, Bee had understood, it being impossible pfor a man in his position to withdraw from the ;■world on account of any private feeling of his (own; and Betty had flashed back again into . her music and her white frock, and was seeing (everything as of old; and Charlie—oh, what •was Charlie doing, drifting off into some tragic ,-enchantment 2 The poor girl's heart was i;very heavy. There seemed only herself ilto think of them all in their separate ^paths, one here and another there, going [(further and further off in so many different (■directions from the event which had broken jfthe unity of the family, yet surely should (have held them together in their common "trouble. That event had gone into the regions of the past. The time of the mother was over (like a tale that is told. There were still the children in the nursery and Bee, their guardian, watching over them—but. the others . all (going off, each at their separate angle. It is [bard enough to realise this, even when age has aed a certain insensibility, but to the girl f«nily:F,aa,terrible. '.'I. even I alone remain,3' she was inclined to say! with the prophet; and what could she do to | stop the closing of these toil3 of Fate! Her mind gradually concentrated on that last and most alarming them of all—the woman, the lady, without a name or history, or any evi dent link with the family who had thus for the second time appeared in the path. Bee tried to fall back upon her reason, to repre sent to herself that she had no real cause for assuming that the stranger of j whom she knew nothing, who might simply have been walking through that German wood and have stopped by chance to speak to the little English girl with her Etupid sketch, had anything to do with the disaster which to soon overtook that poor little English girl in the midst of her happy love. She had no reason, none, for thinking so. She tried to represent to herself hosv foolish Bhe had been to enter tain such a notion, how natural and without meaning the incident had been. And now again for the second time what reason had she to believe that anything fatal or even dangerous to Charlie was in this lady's appearance now ? She was a distinguished-looking woman, much older than Charlie. What was more likely than that such a woman, probably by her looks a married lady, a person of importauce, should have a great deal of influence over a youth like Charlie if she took notioe of him at all! All this was very reasonable. There was far more sense in it than iu that foolish terror and alarm which had taken possession of her mind. She had almost persuaded herself that these apprehensions were foolish before she reached home, and yet the moment after she had succeeded in reasoning it all out and con vincing herself bow foolish tb6y had been they had risen up in a crowd and seized her anxious mind again. It wa3 some days beyond the week which Charlie had been allowed- in town when he came back. He was in agitated spirits with a look of mingled excitement and exhaustion which gave Bee many alarms, but which she was not sufficiently skilled or experienced to interpret. Colonel Kingsward had not come home in the interval, having gone somewhere else to spend his weekly holiday and when he did come there were various colloquies between him and his son which were evidently of a disturbing kind. Some of these were about money as was to be made out by various, allu sions. Charlie had either been spending too much or. had set up a claim to more in the future, a claim which his father was reluctant to allow. But it seemed that he had come out triumphant in tho end to judge by their respec tive looks when they issued from the library together just before Colonel Kings ward left for town. "I hope at least you'll make a good use of it," were the father's last words—and "you may trust me, sir," said Charlie, with all the elation of victory. He was iu great spirits all day, teasing the children and giving Bee half confidences as to the great things he meant to do. "They shan't put me off with any of their beastly Governorships at the end of the world," said Charlie. " I shall play for high stakes, Bee; I can't afford to be a mere attache long, but they shan't shelve me at some horrible African station, I can tell you. That's not a kind of promotion thao will suit me." "Bub you will have to go where you are sent," said Bee. " Oh, shall I!" cried Charlie. " That is all you know about it. Besides when a man has a particularly charming wi ."' He stopped and coughed over the words and laughed and grew red. "Do you think your manners are so par ticularly charming!" said Bee with familiar scorn, upon which Charlie laughed louder than ever and walked away. - • Nexb day he left home hurriedly, saying he was going to make a run for a day or two to "see a man," and came back m the same excited exhausted state on Saturday morning before his father returned. A process which was repeated almost every week to the great consternation and trouble of Bee. Eor Charlie never mentioned these absences to his father, and Bee felt herself spellbound as if she were incapable of doing so. How could she betray her brother ! And the letters to Laura ceased. He had no time now to write these long letters. Neither did he receive them as used to be the ease. Had the correspondence stopped! or was there any other explanation ! But Charlie talked but little to his sister now and not at all on tiiis subject, and thus the web of mystery seemed to be woven more and more about his feec—Bee alone suspecting or fearing anything, Bee alone entirely unable to make it clear. 