? LOUISE MICHEL; THE SHOTGUN REV- OLUTIONIST OF PARIS. As aBopnblican Agitatorfjjie Poured Fortfi- Klotjuonc.o Against.tlie - Monarchy :mtl_, : MrcaBHUetftlntothoIlanksoftlic Army* . "When Xt^uljprcsaed tln; Commuiie. - [Copyright, 1893, Vf Amerloan-'Presi Assooiai reserved.J " N THE 22dot J»ttunn%1871jastratige. .eene w&;«nacte® oil :the fplaia' lSS front-of:tlie!liotS' tie ville, or toVr. liall of Punsj'ari^.'' strjimge 'diaractfera jwere'inixed up ik; t. The city was trader siege;'' the' people.wertfEtarv- Ing; the Germans were daily knocking down a jort or. breaking a ::ranlparfc.GapitulatiorL was u'rged ;,Vy eome,lndorEcd : aS; a last resort jjKipie' niasses cna"fflo£ly opposed by are\p- Intionary minority. A-band o£ mpicgente variously known fle "Reds, J ' "Nationalist «,nd "Communists" forced their -way to tfee headquarters nt tile gamson at cityli^ll' to 'Wring ^om^elpp&im;&^^jX^fonnSBeag^j;, to* irrard^rao lie Jrorf^^iliSflMr^o^-i ~ 'SomcWijre armed with'-riflgs, swords ot pistols, though there was no attempt at. military formation It v as jusc an angry,' heedless mob The authorities ~declar"d: thit no surrender was contemplated, and the mass of the "Reds" muttering that treason v. as afoot feuddenly mthdrew, ioe fear—as the cooler among them urged—that the peace would be endingered by a heated parley However, a handful of those carrying weapons lingered, among them a young woman agitator of the io\ olutionary clubs,• Louise Michel She was 32 years old, bred, m country solitude, Immature, and before the Franco Prussian war had kept a school for girls m a suburban district called Montmartre She was enrobed in deep black 83 a symbol of France mourning for her lost liberties, and earned a rifle as the badge ot her militant apostleship After the mam party of "Beds" had abandoned the plaza., the garrison of the hotel de Mile—French) regulars "who had -their ciders for just buck' an emergency—thiew up tbe window Eash and fired on the mob The square "was quickly cleared of all but adaring few, who, with some of the armed revolutionists that turned back at the sound of the firing, began to shoot at the riflemen in the windows Louise was one of the fiercest leudeis m this retaliation, and several persons caught bullets meant for her alone Awoman of the crowd who was her double, in sine, dress and features, was killed on the spot. :That scene was the baptism of fire for -the communists in the bloody war between Pans and the government of-France. Louise Michel came out of the ..struggle the heroine of the new revolution—a lesser Joan of Aorc, for though she took up arms she didn't save the realm, and not a Charlotte Corday, because, though- carrying a hidden dagger, she struck no tyrant down. Had she died on, the barricades of the commune she might be remembered a& chief of the galaxy of heroine martyrs, the greatest: because the last m the hearts of her people:' A .few of the Parisian , radicals had proclaimed a republic in France while NOA poleon's army.was doing battle for the ,emplie along the Rhine m thesummer of 1870. Tlie "Beds" of the Moatmartre district lassed the horajble jsiego daya m plotting, leeause they said that the Thiers govern? tnent, successors to thn empire, should never turn over the reins to tho all conquering Germans jior to the monarchists, There were .two powerful -revolutionary] clubs in the district one of men and one pi women. Louise was a lender m the Watch committee and a character of power inboth clnbs. - Jt was irom: tho woman's club that, the nmazons of the commune hailed. , Harnessed to mitrailleuses like draft horses, they pulled them from point to point, from barncade to barricade, during-the street fighting of "bloody week" ill the, ensuing May., They madoand filled sandbags for; Camparis, passed-paving Mocksirom'liand' to hand down a long line after the manner of bucket brigades at fires, - cooked. and served for the. fighting xnen and loaded piles for them, handlingsword andrevolvr ST p.nd. sometimes muskets m a close struggle. And when all hope of victory fled, they armed themselves ^vith petrolenm-and petfijo t9 the banks, palaces, gayemment buildings and the mansions of the rich. So terrible did the Montmartre become before the German siege ended that the Tegular soldiers on guard at the government:'storehouses fled when a deputation of "Reds''— ; Wined of course—iore down, on them with pTTof "greadorblood!":- • The theory pf. the commnnii yra? Utopian and drew to its -councils manjr^pble |»ut misguided spirits. The militla or national puard of Montaartrp sided with the "peds," pud through ^hat influence pretty much, all the military of- Paris was turned .from Joyslty tfl tty) gpuprjil f?nygnimps)i. !fb0 watery of the pgitrtors. WAS:, that; the Thiers republic rouot give wfty ta a- monarchy, and the ghosts of Prince Napoleon! rod of Chambordi theJBourbon, with wires; In the hands, of clever conspiratobs,danced on the boards to warn the timid that the hour was rip® for the people to taike the reins Bo Montmartre became a serpent with its fangs gone when the Germans entered pftfij on. March 1, the Thiers government remfiiWflg mast® the stfea^, an4 ^ good master too. Tbe clubs and the press of the malcontents were.-.Buppressed, ,andthe commune dropped from apopular move to a secret conspiracy. But the national guard remained as a-, bulwark ofr^the "Reds." It waa orgamzed, under .Jiayi firmed, fed d and housed In character It salated the republic that was ftna .lvinked «fc'the republic which hoped to l5e .- When ! i&e; Qfirnums filed m at the outer gntea, , ;jthese wily^guardsmen patriotically^remoyed I' ^heir »wn ciainon from' the puTilic forts and'; parEsiothe.hm.oiMontmortreandplaeed Aguar4 overtheta. "WhcnthclThiers.gov- > ernment; demanded ithem; they .answered: ""We own those ^uns., TheyTfere bought popular enbacnptioa- atod' piessntfed Jt&i; us ' for popular' uee. lf you want them, oonie and take them." Tho ; Sailed, and the houseless clubs tookcejuge ; la 'the armories' as :battalionBj «f'tke? nittional .gu^iLouiseexch&Peefrhermourn-; -:" Jagoa^tP^maigii^aUpmi^ieiiltd'te/i-i « -cartridge - belt- and- : %houldered.-a "tajle,-^ parley 10.-_ :C(A J^gbmrs 'xVere.Sent to aHoatmattre the' SlgUt of'Marcli;l?'-18, thogaardsmeli!s eentrlt&'/mety'pwp&d;, 1 ^-thelr fevctoacs 'frtti-^ .prTaafatST^da/liBhtTthe-reviifoltiionapf; peared to be a thing of the past. The gov- ' eminent could turn 8,000 guns upon Montr ; martre at a worth No general alarm was givenof that clever stroke; The morning press silent. • The bulletins gave no lnkling of the o&air.; "But .some of thjB guardsmen on the hili escaaed to their am) ones and told their comrades what had befallen. These peddled tho news oD-thDJBtreete and m the cafes and shops, and while the populace wns bestirring for its daily routine of labor an outcry sounded tn all tho quarters of Montmartre At 7 o^cIock the commune was in arms, or at legist on the warpath, for toen, women and children Tushed to the field of battle The ^tlenal guards turned out en masse, wives, sisters and sweethearts—even aged mothers; e -^^efflieels'orBllstehinjK^ith^ne attempt'''"When the hill was reached, the regular troops were nonplused at the spectacle jMany were loathtoshootdown women and girls, and the few who had "tho hardihood only added to the intoxication ihat' possessed fanatics and furies alike. That wss the hour for the comrnunards, led on by lionise Michel in the long frock coat and jaunty peak' cap of a rifleman. 'JJiic.y fought when men were found to cross anns hesitated; they coaxed and flattered where -caresses would go, further than blows or prayers. When the battalions of guardsmen marched against the.artillery, women ;iushed onin frontand threw, their bodies Ticross the cannon, so that the gunners could not fire without blowing their countrywomen to pieces from the muzzles. The same tactics silenced the infantry, and speedily ®, whole regiment of the line' threw .up the heels of their musket§ and Went over to. the side, of the ".Nationals. Mitrailleuses planted around the camion were hauled away in triumph by the worn en, and at noon of the 18th nota bodyguard of loyal troops was . in the field nt Montmartre. Tbe poldlers, .after fraternizinji with the; "Reds" turned: their champions: The hill was barricaded, and the, mob without halting, rushed through thoBtreets to the hotel do ville, dmmg out the government troops and settmg up a committee of their own. to rule over Pans. Forts," -arsenals, armories -and .magozmc^fell bofoce tho £iob,-.«nd^>iho.^raiajncBt stored there to. overawe the turbulent populace was in their hands. Carried away by their success, the ''Beds - ' inarched out to attack "Versailles and depose the president.- They were defeated and returned to Paris to standa six weeks'siege. Tho government (mpa shell them out in their strongholds, but with the captured cannon they gfljit t>acl£ gooj a? tUey, got, Next the gpvprpmenv tried assault, and day after Say the batteries and-barricades of the commune were stormed by regular veterans. When a place fell; the "Jteds" Tvould make a sortie,: sometimes recapturing ths position, but often not. Xoulse all this qme remained in the ranks : -with her com-' pany onMontpiartre, - -. • :. . When the barricades, castle and fort at Issy were-:corried -ljy storm.and recovered In a bold sortie, only to be lost by a second assault, -she was wounded while defending the ramparts of the fort. Two weeks after- Ward, when-the street barricades, the crest and the strongly, walled cemetery of Montr martre were attacked, she was again m the field with her company. Thousands of the national guardsmen and their "Red"- recruits had fallen, for despite their detestable principles those ranting reformers would flght. tiOUise, with ft handful of comrades, tried to defend Montmartre cemetery and built strong ramparts in iront of the gates! by tearing stone from the walk Although it was in the,bombarded section and rained: Upon with shot and shell, Louise patrolled the gloomy-streets of the; dead alone at night; dodging the bombs to ? reconnoiter against a surprise. For a week thebarrfcad* fighting was the.most terrific oil record. , Montmartre was attacked on May S3, an^ on the 26th the chief quarter still ; Therewas tfti^g (v Variipadp ^ositipp. Front an^ rear were all .the same, and if one was pa^ ned inhere was tvnot^rTiehind to shel^ef-tjie furnvors.. The cowmtmists fought like (lemons fired by a holy frenzy, Th? j^af grand. pssa,ult "began jvf fiaf'ilghtfniglitur ir, Mft? 27, wd plpsf4" pii .pnn^ay ppofl. f ypry pppibntanthad tq bp killed.or. bound.. •Fjiere Wfis Jiq such thing as surrender. Ploody reprisali massacre and the black flag were the order, of the day. Louise was, in the last barricade, and seeing the leader fall, escaped, and hurried away in search of her mother, who:was next in her heart to the commune. She.found her m prison for being, a. eommunside, took her place, and , after a long banishment returned tq f aw Bf wpstfe pt sirtr, ?etteui«vr»soiv 4jer?s?grave,'Mider the ramparts of Issy or GEORGE L. KHMER. Carbolic acid is 'recommended for moistening -the tools with which metals an Worked. . -- the barricades of Moatmartre and amehe in the Pantheon of the Commune de Paris. THE OUTBREAK OP THE COMMUSB. LOUISE MICHEL. 