AN ENGLISH V/00DLAND SANCTUARY. Evon in this grey, wintry weathor of Decembo i when tiie birds, discotiragud aud forlorn, aro for til e most part so silent that wo are hardly consojous c f ! their presence, there is always some lifo stirrin g along tbo edgo of the wood. The fringe of time woodland, tbobelt of trcesandtbioketsthatformiBi 1 the border line betwoen the realm of Naturo atrial ' the work a day, world, is tho asylum of man.Sf a hard used hanger on of man, many nn unpai A>1 rotainor who yot does him yeoman's scrrlc«. There the tits nnd finohes and liedgo sparrorifls chattor nnd frolio nnd work arid playj carin A little for tho rustle' of fobtstcpB on the deaA ' leaves, undisturbod by any noise of passing traffic. Here, beforo sunrise, even the magpie ventures down, and steals through the old hedgerow towards tho hen roost. Hero, in the grey dawn, tho jays oomo boldly out ot their sanctuary, and forego in the gordens whore, in tho summer time, thoy took toll of the best peas and the juiciest strawborries. Along the paths that seem to loiter so idly in and out among the thickets there !b less Iifo stirring now the leaves aro down. Thoro aro parts of tho wood whore, at times, in the grey December afternoonB, noth ing is moving hut the wind. But there is a path among tho trees, a track so alight that in the summor timo it is lost altogether in a green jungle of fern and dog roso and bryony, but plainer now since the wind has drifted its slight hollow full of dry, doad leaves, that leads the wayfarer at length to a nook far in, a sheltered corner, where ho may happen unaware on many a shy crcaturo of tho wild. Here the troes stand farapart. About their feet aro heaped the brown autumn leaves. On the ground, beaten down by wind'and rain, lie tho sad colored grasses, the doad ferns, the withered woodruff that, in their green prime, lent sweetness to the summer air. But horo is more than the heart of the woodland. Here, in the shadow of these sombre yews, lingers tho ghost of a dead home. From a fragment of grey ruin, crowned with a thiok growth of ivy, low broken boundary walls stretch out among tho thickets. Of the house itself smnll trace remains. The garden has wholly gone back into tho wilderness. One old apple treo still bears upon its wrinkled arms a handful of stunted fruit, transmuted now by the touoh of the frost spirit to little balls of gold ; a scanty harvest, Like (be Prophofa two or three berrios, In tho top of the uppormost bough. There are the yews. Ono solitary laurel stretohes wide its unpruned branches. Nettles there are indeed, true followers of man, and raspberrios from the old enclosure have wnn- dored far and wide among the underwood. All else is gone. Man trespassed horo ; but nature lost No right of her domain : She waited, and she brought the old Wild beauty back again. So well has sbe reclaimed her own that this is now tho very sanctuary of tho woodland. It is indeed a quiet spot. No echo from the busy world breaks in upon this far retreat; To-day, when the 'minstrels' of the'wood arc silent, there is no sound but the murmur of the sea, where, far down about tho grey bases of tho hill, Flows tiio long, monotonous cadence Of its un'rhymod lyric lines. But if there is Bilence there iB life. Here in spring tho blackbird whistled to his mato on har nest among the sheltering ivy. Here, on hot- noons of summor, grass snakes basked in the sunshine ; and in the warm twilight hedge hogs scamnered through the ruin. The crass snake, far in among a tangle of tree roots, or beneath a pile of broken masonry, lies now in slumber, and . the hedge hog, too, is buried in his winter sloop. But there aro other wood- landers, wakefnl, watchful. If, under stones that have fallen from the old walls, field mice sleep in warm beds of grass and leaves, the weasels hiding in the crannies of the ancient masonry are : broad awake no doubt. If rough winds scattered long ago tho ncBt among the ivy, and if 1 tho blackbird sings no mare among the elms, there ,sre robins still, and even now tbe ponce is broken by the wrangling of n troop of jays. . . Sharp eyes are doubtloss at this moment taking careful note of. the intruder. Here, in days of bygone autumns, Gaily chattering. to the clattering Of the brown nuts downward pattering, Leaped tbo squirrels, rod nnd grey. On tbe grassland, on the fallow. Dropped tho apples, red and yellow, Dropped tbe russet pears nnd mellow, Dropped the red leaves alt tho day. And awny, swift away Sun nnd cloud, o'er hill nnd hollow : Chasing, wave their web of play. Tbe eyes that watched their frolio in the old, forgotten time nre long since dimmed. But there are eqnirrels still ; pausing, perhaps, in the searoh for nut or ncorn, or wo tolling, motion less, from tho thick foliage of the fir trees over head. Stand bore a moment between the laurel busli and the old apple tree, inthe simile of tbe dark yew that overhangs the ruined walls. Presently among tboelbso growing ledfago of' one of tbe old firs beyond the house, there is a suddrn movement. - A squirrel descends from his green to look round before settling to his dinner. Ho looks hard this way. He seems a little doubt ful. ' Ho waves his tail to and fro a few times after' tbe manner of his raoo when not quite sure that all is safe. But seeing no sign of movement, he settles down upon the branch, earls his broad brush comfortably over bis back, holds up a fir coiie in his tiny paw, and begins to tear away with his sharp teeth the herd structure of it The fragments patter down liko hail among the houghs, and tho white wings of the seeds, glistening as they torn over and over, sail a long way beforo. they fall. Again there is a nmtle in the fire. Another squirrel appears ; goes head first, bolter skelter, rattling down the tree to forage among the dead leaves below. Tlia screen of his lmppy hunting ground in the beech tops is nil down. There aro few leaves left to hide his russet coat. But the bark of the fir trees, whoso warm red lends a light like the glow of sun- sot to tho dull December air, matches him perfectly. Ho is hack in his tiee again, hut he has caught sight of danger. Ho utters a shrill cry, almost a sorcam. There are few woudlnnd sights more comical than this of ail nngry squirrel. "Watch him now, jerking his tail from sido to side, stamping his little feet, hark ing now and then in sharp, impatient tones. IVhat was that other sonnd directly overhead ? "Hovuuuru mu true icijjb— iitmr, iiiuccu, umb their long bills are plainly heen— Hails a troop of curlewB on their way down to the shore. A moment later tbo whistle of a plover follows them, the bird himself unseen. Again there in silence. No sound but tho wind, the rattle of baro ash branches, the murmur of the un quiet Hea. But not for long. A chorus of faint notes Among the trees below draws near nnd nenror, growing louder every moment. Now thcro is a babel of small voices on ovcry side at once. Tbo air is full of life nnd movement. Every bough nnd bush, oven tbo branches close overhead, aie full of aotive littlo 6g«rcs— coaltit and goldcreut and oxoye, and long tniled tits most of all, a perfect swarm of them chatter ing all the while in low sweet tones, searching tho boughs, the bark, the fallen leaves ; no corner or oreviee unexplored. They pass on. ' Their ohcory voices grow fainter and then cense. The squirrels, too, have vanished. The jay nro long sinco silent. ' There is stillness every where. No sound is audiblo but "tho slow song of the 5®n,w tho wind of winter stirring softly in tho Scotch firs, as Bike mourners shrinking from tho dead, Tliey stand apart uud sich. —Daily News, , 