Timbrel of Jubilee. By Rev. De. Taejuoe. And Miriam, therprophetcss, the slater oi g?nrnr>,teofcfl timbrel m.nerbaud; and all the. women went out after her with timbrels nnd'with -dances. And Miriam -answered them, ding 50 to the Lord,for He hath tritimphed gloriously,; the v horse and his rider hath He thrown into the sea." • ^Exodus xv. 20, 21. ~ v Semoiuscrsnrenatiu;ally::so busy in getting i ' Jlio Israelites safely through the parted Red : ■" pea, and the Egyptians' submerged in the .-returning -waters, that but little time is ordinarily given to what tbe Lord's people did after thoy got well up, high and dry, on the I beach. That was the beach of the Red Sea, | wbioh is at its greatest width 200 miles, and at j its least width 12 mUe3^ ;,This sea was ,cut by ! the keels ofEgypfcian, Phoenician, and Arabic j shipping- It was no insignificant pond or ] puddle on the beach of which my text callsns | to stand. The Israelites, standing on the'j beach of the Red Sea, were making music on their deliverance from the! pursuing Egyptians, j and I hear the'.Israelitish men, with their deep | bass voices, and I hear the timbrel of Miriam, ! as she leads the women in their jubilee. Rather ! lively instrument, you say, for religious service . —the timbrel or tambourine. But I think God '•••• sanctioned it. And I ruther think we will 1 have to put a little more of the festivo into our . religious services, and drive out the dolorous. and funereal, and the day may come when the . timbrel will resume its place in the sanctuary. But that which occupied tbe attention of all •the meD and women of that- Israelitish host was the celebration of 'their • victory. They had ! crossed. They had triumphed. They were free.. Brooklyn Tabernacle to-day feels much as . . Moses and Miriam .did. when they stood on the bank of the Rod Sea after their Bafe emergence from the waters. By the help"of God and. the generosity of our friends, here and elsewhere, our 140,000 dollars (£28,000) of floating church .. . . debt is forever gone, and this, house, with the .. ground upon which it stands, representing 410,000. dollars (£82,000), I, this day reconse . crate to God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost.' A Btrauger might ask how could this church get into debt to an amount • that would build several large churches. My answer is, waves of destruction, stout as any that ever rolled across the Red Sea of my text. Examine all the pages 'of. church history, and all tho pages of . .theworld'shistoiyjandshowme an organisation that over had to build three great structures, 1 two of them destroyed by fire.' Take any of . your biggest life insurance companies, or your biggest storehouses, or your biggest hanks, or your biggest newspaper establishments, and let them have to build three times on tbe same foundation, and it would cost them a struggle, If not demolition. My text speaks of the Red Sea once crossed, hut one Red Sea would not have so muoh overcome us. It was with us Red Sea after Red Sea. Three Red Seas!* Yet, to-day, thank's he to God, we stand on the chore, and with organ and cornet, in absence of a timbrel, we chant: " Sing ye unto the Lord for He hath triumphed gloriously : the horse and his rider hath Ho thrown into the sea." For me, personally, this is a time of gladness more than tongue or pen or tyge can ever tell. For twenty-four years I had been building churches in Brooklyn and seeing them burn down, until I felt 1 oould endure tho strain no longer, and I had written my resignation as pastor, and had appointed to read it two Sabbaths ago, and close my work in Brooklyn for ever. I felt that my chief work was yet to be done, but that I could not do it with the 'Alps on one shoulder and the Himalayas on the other. But God has interfered, and the way 3sblear, and I am here, and expect to he here • until my work on earth is done. My thanks must he, first to God, and then to all who have contributed by large gift or small to this ^emancipation. - Thanks to tho men, women, and children who have helped, and sometimes helped with self-sacrifices that I know must have won the applause of the heavens. As a church, we, from this day, make a new departure.' "We will preach more instructive ■sermons. We will offer more faithful prayers, -Wo will do better work in all departments. -We will, in. the autumn, resume our Bay College. We will fill all the rooms of this •magnifioentpile with work, for God and suffer ing humanity. More prayers have been offered for this church, and on both sides the sea, than for any church that has ever existed, . and all those prayers will be auswcrcd. Clear the track for the Brooklyn Tabernacle! 11 Sing yetotboLord, for He hath triumphed glori ously ; tho horse and his rider hath He thrown into the sea." But do you not now really think that the Miriam of my text-rejoiced too soon? Do you not think sue ought to have waited till the Israeli tiah host got clear over to Caanan before she struck her knuckles against the timbrel or tambourine? Miriam! You do well to havo the tambourine ready, but wait a little before you play it. . You are not yet through , tho journey from Egypt to the promised land. You will yet have to drink out of the hitter .water of Marnh, and many of your army will eat so heartily of tho fallon quuilB that they will die of colic, and you will, at tho foot of Sinai, be scared with tho thunder, and there will bo fiery serpents in the way, and many . .battles to fight, and last of nil, the muddy Jordan to cross. Miriam! I havo no objec tion to the tambourine, but do not jingle its .bells, or thump its tightened parchment until you are all through. Ah, my friends, Miriam .was right. If we never shouted victory till we got olear through the struggles of this lifo, wo should never snout at all. Copy the habit of Miriam and Moses. The moment you , get a viotory, celobrato it. Tho" time and plaoo to hold a jubilee for the safe crossing of the Red Sea, is on itabcach and before you leave it. It is awful, ihe dolayed nosannas! Tho belated hallelujahs ! Tho postponed * doxologles! Tho trains of ; thuuksgiving coining in bo long after they are : due! It is Saul, do not rejoice os 8.* a revival too soon, for the new members might not hold • out.. Do not thank God for the money you made to-davt for to-morrow you might lose it •ill and more; * Do not be too grateful for your rood health to-day, for to-morrow you may get the grippe. Do not be too glad about your I conversion, for you might fall trora grace. Do 1 not rejoice too soon over a church's deliverance, ■ because there might bo disasters yet to come, i Oh, let us have no more adjourned gratitude. ' , The', time to tlmnk God for a rescue from j temptation is the moment . after von i havo . broken the wine flask. The time to thank God for your salvation is the moment after the first flash of pardon. The , time' to be grateful for the comfort of your bereft soul is the first moment of Christ's appearance at the mausoleum of Lazarus. The time for Miriam's tambourine to sound its most jubilant note is the moment- the last Israelite puts his' foot on the sand of the parted inland ocean. Alas! that when God's mercies have such swift wings, our praises should hare such leaden feet, _. Notice that Miriam's song in ray text had for its burden the overthrown cavalry. It was not so much the infantry or the men on foot over whoso defeat she rejoiced with ringing timbrel, but over the men on horseback—the mounted troops! " The horse and bis, rider bath He thrown into the sea.".* There is something | • terrible in,a cavalry charge. You see it is not likp a sofdier a-foot, thrusting a bayonet, or i- striking with-a sword, using nothing but the ' strength of his own muscle and sinews, for the cavalryman adds to the strength of his own aim, the awful plunge of a steed at full gallop. Tremendous arm of war is the cavalry! Josephus says that in the host that crossed the Red Sea there were 50,000 cavalrymen. Tho army saddles arc the thrones of battle. Hurricanes in stirrups are the cavalrymen. No wonder that Miriam was chiefly grateful that the Egyptian cavalrymen, pursuing tho Lraelites to midway in the Red Sea, were un saddled, unstirruped, unhorsed. Miriam struck the centre of the tambourine with the fall foraj of her right hand when she came to that bar of music: "The horse and his rider hath "He thrown into the sea." Ah, my friends, it is the mounted troubles that we most fear. The little troubles we can endure. The cinder in the eye, the splinter under the nail, the thorn in the foot, the social slight, "the mean fling, the invidious comparisous, or the remarks that snub. The annoyances and vexations on. foot wo can conquer, but, alas ' for the mounted disasters, the bereavements, the bankruptcies, the persecutions, the appalling sicknesses, the charge upon us, as it were, with uplifted battle-axe or consuming thunderbolt of power. There are those among my hearers or readers who have had a whole regiment of mounted disasters charging npon them. But fear not. The smallest horse-fly on tbe'neck of Pharaoh's war charger, passing between the crystal palisade9 of the upheaved Red Sea, was not more easily drowned by tbe falling waters than the 50,000 helmeted and plumed riders on the backs of tbe 50,000 neigh ing and caparisoned war chargers. And I have to tell you, Oh, child of God, that the Lord, who is on your side now and forever, has at His .disposal and under His command, all waters, all winds, all lightnings, all time, and all eter nity. Come, look me in the face while I utter tho word God commands me to speak to you: "No weapon formed against you shall prosper." Don't throw away your tambourine. You will want it as sure as you sit there and I stand here, and the tone you will yetjplay on it whether standing on the Beach of Tupe or Beach of Eternity, will be the tune that Miriam played when she cried: " Sing ye to the Lord, for Ho hath triumphed gloriously; the horse and his rider bath He thrown into the sea." I expect to have a good laugh with you in heaven, for the Bible says in Luke vi. 21: "Blessed are ye that weep now, for ye shall laugh.". We shall not spend all eternity psalm-singing, but sometimes, in review of the past, as Christ says, we shall langh.' There is nothing wrong in laughter. , It all depends on what you laugh at, and when you laugh, and how you laugh. How often we workfourselves into a fright about nothing. The Red Sea before may be deep and the Egyptian cavalry behind us may be well mounted," but if we trust in the Lord, we will go through no moro hurt by the water than when in boyhood we rolled our garments to the knee and barefoot crossed the meadow brook on the old homestead,. .But let me criticise Miriam a little for the instrument of music she employed in the divine service on the sandy beach. Why not take some other instrument? The harp was a sacred instrument, why did she not take that? Tho cymbal was a sacred instrument, why did she not take that ? The trumpet was a sacred instrument, why did she not take that ? Amid that great host there must have been musical instruments more used in reli gious service. No. Sho took that which she liked tho best, and on which she could best express hor-gratulation over a nation's resoue, first through the retreat of tho waves of tho Red Sea, and then through the-* clapping of the hands of their destruction. So I withdraw my criticism of Miriam. .Let everyone fake her or his be:t mode of divine worship and celebration. My idea of heaven is that it is a place whore we can do as wo please and have everything wo want. What a day it will be when we stand on the beach of heaven, and look baok on the Red Sea of this world's sin and trouble, and celebrate the fact that we have got through, and got over. What a celebration it will bo—our resurrected bodies standing on tbe beach, wboEe pebbles are amethyst and emerald and agate and diamonds! What a talking over old times! What a jubilee! What an oppor tunity to visit! In thiB world wo havo so little time for that, I am looking forward to eternal socialities. To be with Qod and never sin against Him. To be with Christ and for ever feel His love. To walk together in tobes of white with those with whom on earth we walked together in black raiment of mourning. To gather up tho members of our scattered families and embrace thorn w't t no cm birrassmcnt, thongh all heaven be looking oV. My friends we shall come at last upon tliose of our loved ones wlio long" ago halted in the journey of life. ' They will be" as fair and beautiful, yea, fairer aud more beautiful tlian • whence parted from them. It may be old agd looking upon childhood or youth. Oh, my Lord, how we hare missed them: separated, for 10 years, or 20 years, or 50 years, but together at the last. Together at the last! Just think of it! Will; it not be glorious ? Miriam's song again appropriate, for death, riding on the pale horse,-with his four hoofs on all our hearts, shall have been for ever discomfited. I see them now—the glorified!" Assembled for a celebration mightier and more jubilant than that on the bauks of the Red Sea, and from-all lands and ages, on beach of light above beach of light, gallery above gallery, .and thrones above thrones, in circling sweep of ten 'thousand miles of surrounding and" up heaved splendour; while standing before them on "sea of gloss mingled with fire," Michael, the archangel with swinging sceptre, beat* j time for the multitudinous chorus, crying, 1 "Sing! Sing! Sing ye to the Lord for He 1 hath triumphed gloriously, the horse and his rider hath He thrown into the sea." 