IDANGEIROUS JOKING. ARTIN was the eldest son and hope ol Mr. Lord, the Squire of Morton. Ills amiable disposition and superior intel-. lect procured for liim universal love and esteem. Martin was a great favourite with the girls, old and young?; but he neter showed any ,marked partiality to anyone until he beean o intimate with Isabella Abshton, the daughlter of the clergymlan. Isabella was young and the most thought. less girl in the village. She could have little syiilpathy witlla Ileson of such deepI feelings and elevated intellect as Martin land, beautiful assle was, it seemed strange tlihat lie should have given his love to' liher. Martin and Isabella had beenl pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several nonlths; lie was now nineteenl, and sie was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. Anee evening Isabella had a social gather ilg of young peoplle at tile liouse. Marltin, of coirse, vwals presnlt, with the fairest yotllhs and maidens; and the compiany eijsyed thlet elves freely witl jests, songs, alnd social games. Ti'e hour at which such parties usually broke nip had already passed, wllen some one foolis?lly mentiolned the subject of ghosts, something of that de- criplion having been reprlteid as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyarlld. "It is a silly reliortl," said Marlin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seenl there; land I doubLt if any plerslon here believes in the existence of gliosts." " You do yoursclf, you kuew yo dao, Mairtin, althllouag you are ashantuml iL aan it," cried Isabella; bhut Martin only laughed. "Come,now," continuled the thoulghtlcss girl, "I ani prove that yOU have some idea that such things may exist. Go to the church. yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that. you felt no fear." "And what would that plroe!'" " Why, you will be frighteCd, though you shoal see nothing. Your fears wooul put your belief to the test. Ilow couiil you be afraid if yout did not feel that there was something to be afralid ofa" "I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the tirot place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at miidnight, wouldl frighten llu in the least." "la, ha! but o011 shall not escaploro,' laughed Isabella. " lere, before thet , ouar friends, I promise that Ihis ring shall be yours," she con tioueld, displaying one given her by an old lover, uhllitlt Martin had desired her to ipat with, "provided you go to tile churchyardl alone, in the dark, olnd declare on your honoulr when you return that you were not afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, buttoninlg his coat. " AIIsl aS ll evidlelnce that you go tile etlire disltance, yol eall bring back with yoll the iron bar which you will lind close by the gate," said Isabella. Thu- driven by tanils to the coommission of a filly, Martin took leave of the coiimpaiiy, full of courage and spirit, and set out ol his errand. Ile marchedi seladily to the church yard, slopped a inoluell to gaze at the white toimbLatones gllnilig failtly in the dark anlid desolate groundl, for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cohl 'sky--then takin" tip the bar of iron of which Isabella hacl cl l?ien, set out to return. lie lhd lroceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, lie saw a white figure emerge fi oun a clumpil of willows and comne towards him. All Marlin's strength of courage was gone in an ins?tnlt. Coiurage give place to delperatiion ; his haih atatlinig erect andl hislod running chill with horror, still lie stood his ground. The spzctle relrew earer, seenilng to grow whiter and larger as it approached. We callnnot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of thel unhalppy youth at that moment. Ile raised the bar, aind rushed uplon the pectie. Th'e guestsi at the clergy)ma'la iiIhouse heard terrible screanms. lireading some tragic termilnation to the flarce they rushed to tile spot. They found Martin kueeliig Ion a pro-hate figure, Ils fingers clutching conlilsively at its throat, while he still utterrd'Tranltic shrieks for helpl One of tihe young lmenll forced Malitin to relax his lohld on tlie throat of the figure, whilst anotlier tore away the foldls of tile sheet and disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in dealth. Martin uttered anii unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. lie never spokeagain, and lived blut a few months, to die an idiot. 