Sir Richard Owen's Ghost Story. IN -his early days, when- bo held the post of surgeon to the prison at Lan- caster, a negro died in the gaol, and a post-mortem as well as an inquest was necessary. After the inquest, the young surgeon saw the body put in tile collin and lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time been 'already attracted to the study of compara- tive anatomy, and negroes* heads were not plentiful; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of science. In the even- ing he returned to the prison with a black bag containing a brick-from his official position lie had no [diffi- culty in getting admittance to the mortuary, where the coffin lid was unscrewed and screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to the gaol has a considerable descent, and the time being winter1, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and foil all his length- the bag wont from his hand, and the head tumbled out, and rolled down the paved way. Plo jumped, caught the bag, and following the head clutched it just as it finished its career in a small shoji where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the speed he was capable or. Next morning, when Owen was going to his usual duties at the pri- son, no was called in by the woman at the shop where the accident had occurred on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, he said, a fright the night before that caused him to look wild and dazed like. Tho man, it turned out, was a retired.sea captain, who had been in many adventures among the West India Islands, when many deeds were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been tho killing of,a negro in which he lind a. hand, and the trans- action had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving - these details, the old captain..told of tho horrible event that took place tho night before. He was sitting ' in1 his shop, all was quietj-andntrso'chanced that he had been thinking, .of the negro, when suddenly he saw'; his very head roll into the shop in front of the counter, and it was followed by tho Devil, all in ¿black,- with a black bag in his haiid.' The Devil snatched up the; head, and both dis- appeared through the earth like a Hash of lightning. The description was perhaps not quite complimen- tary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory so far that it showed that his identity had not been recog- nised. Il, is related that iv chronic office-seeker died ii few years ago, und his friends asked a well-known journalist foran-ppilnph for his tombstone. The journalist suggested tho following: "Here lies John Jones;, in the only place for which he never applied." The suggestion wasn't adopted. Manana: "Didn't I tell: you nob to take nnv more preserves out* of the closet?" Johnny: "Yes, mam." Mamma: "If you wanteil some why didn't you ask me for sollie." Johnny (with confidence) : " Because I wanted some." 