WANTED A SENSATION. — ? * w - : ? ? — A SARATOGA INCIDENT. ^CHAPTER IX. I preached as never sure to preach again, And as a dying man to dying men. — Baxter. Tired, he sleeps, and life's poor play is o'er, — Pope.. You who have chased the flitting bless ing sleep through the weary wastes of waking dreams and disordered fancies, you. who have listened to the clocks as they rang out in mockery of jour sad plight hour after hour through the gloomy eternity from midnight to dawn, know something of the deepest wretchedness ^the human mind can endure. If the unhappy spirits in Dante's inferno had been relieved from their agony by only a moment's sleep in a century of torture, the gloom of the terrible picture would be infinitely less striking. Even the joys of paradise must become monotonous, unless sleep comes once in awhile to refresh the tired beings who rejoice forever in the music of the harp and the loud anthems of praise. Perhaps this is placing a lazy man's over-estimate on a corporeal blessing which iB of no avail iu the spirit land ; but, at all events, the Rev. Samuel Hurd, as he tossed on his dreary and sleepless bed through, the long hours of the August night, almost felt that the infidel's future — an everlasting and dream less slumber — might, after all, have some striking advantages in its favor. He had retired early in a more contented mood than he had known for years. The awful shadow of his recent life had disap peared, and the future seemed to bear bright promise. His book was nearing completion, and his polished intellect told, him that it would make his name famous in every corner of the Christian world. For years he had sacrificed his time, his ability, energy, and even honor to the I one object which engrossed his whole I being. He had so long systematically deceived himself as to the motives which urged him forward, that he really believed he had been laboring unselfishly to warn his fellow-men from the dangerous errors of unbelief and worldliness. Once in a great while the suggestion forced itself upon him that his real aim was | to prove his own intellectual superiority to the great exponents of agnosticism, but he had grown accustomed to smothering such a thought by arguments which were for the time being thoroughly convincing. Fame he knew must come to him, but what did he want Of it ? He had no family, and his Bister would have no sympathy with his success. His father, who might have re joiced in his eon's greatness, had died years before. - No, he was not working for glory, but for the love of his cause. Often the bitter thought struck him that the means by which his intellectual luxury was begotten were more than unworthy of him, but he did not have the strength to change all this. He had always been carelees in money mat ters, and his sin did not seem as great in his eyes as it would have appeared to men of sterner moral fiber. However, that was all over. The money . had been returned, the gambler would soon be thousands of miles away, and the past would be power less to cloud the glory of the clergyman's future. How often do men delude themselves in this fond conviction 1 The past is dead they say ; the future alone has life. Why do they thus deceive themselves P The great physical universe demonstrates to them a law which finds its counterpart in the moral world. The motion of the first atom which vibrated in the primitive ether is still felt to the endB of space. The past is not dead, but is ever with us, and its influence is felt at every moment of our lives, though, in the mercy of Providence, we are often blind to the fact. Hopeful, then, for the future, and confi dent regarding the past, the priest had lain down with a calm and contented mind, to pass, as he trpei^d, a nightofrnaiaterrupiecl sleep, that the . morning \\. might find him fresh and vigorous for his loving task. But he could not sleep. The hours went slowly by, the great hotel grew quiet as a country house at midnight, and still the clergyman tosied restlessly on his feverish pillow. Haxkl What is it he hears P Are not those the chimes of his little church far away near the shores of the restless sea ? Slowly and dearly the bells ring oat their solemn peal calling the flock to the wor ship of the Master. The priest has rieenr now and is bending forward as though listening. How sweetly tb« chimes vibrate on the summer air ! Many a Sunday morn ing he has heard them as they called him to bis duties, but never before had their music sounded so straneely solemn as it now grows -loud, then soft, .as -though the ocean breeze were blowing round the ivyr colored church. Startled at the strange phenomenon of his fevered fancy, the priest strikes a light and partially clothes himself. His face is haggard and his. eyes are bright, with. a restless fire. Hurriedly he places his manuscript and books upon his desk. He must write io quiet his unstrung nerves and silence those chimes which ring in his ears like the voice from a world where the sins of men are weighed and punished. And '*11 through the night the light in bis room is burning, and the -watchman, as he paces hour by hour his lonely beat, gazes up at the window and feels less deserted in the knowledge that another being waits with him for tiie coming of the day. At length the dawn begins to break, and its growing light steals into the clergy man's room as though it feared to dis turb him at his task. For hours he has been at work upon the final chapter of his book, and his hand grows weary as the morning grows in age. Never, lie knows, has he written -words of such eloquence and force. As sheet after sheet has been added to his pile, the power of his work has filled him with a Btrange exultation. The main portion of his book is argument ; the final chapter ia exhortation, and the great vigor of his polished mind, rendered more striking by the strange fever which possesses him, has forged a sermon which shall ring out on the unbelieving world like a trumpet blast from the clouds of heaven. Men shall listen to his warning as they heeded the voice of a prophet in the days of the patriarchs. They shall turn from their mocking, careless ways to walk in the path he shows them. What Christianity nesds is not powerful orators, but a great writer who shall reach with, inspired words the wandering sheep of the world and bring them back to the fold of truth. And so the priest works on till bis hands and eyes can stand no more, and the sounds which come from without tell him that the men and women for whom his message is being penned have risen to another day of frivolity and ein. He rises with a weary air and turns out the light wMch for fully an hour has been of no avail. He is worn and pale, and his eyeB are heavy from their night-long task. But in spite of hie fatigue the priest is happy, and a smile plays-over his ghastly face as he places his precious manuscript in the desk, and arranges care fully his books of reference, which have lain neglected all through his laborious vigiL In the bright light of day, with the cheerful voices of men and women coming in through the open window, the clergy man can hardly believe that the strange phenomenon which led him to seek refuge in work in the dark hours of night could have so impressed him. As he re members how his whole being thrilled at the sound of the chiming bells, he Bmiles at his childish fears. It is so easy to be brave in the broad glare of day. The little bootblack who said he only prayed at night bocause he could take care of himself during the daytime was not different from moBt mortals. If Hamlet's ghost had appeared at 10 o'clock in the morning instead of at 'the witching hour of midnight,' or the spirit of the murdered Duncan had rapped on the gate at high noon, nobody would have been very much impressed. Thus it was that the Rev. Samuel Hurd felt at 9 o'clock ashamed of the nervousness which had affected him at 2. However, .he re joiced at the work which had been accom plished by the curious adventure which had befallen him and determined to take a short nap and devote the rest of the day to his relatives. Perhaps in the afternoon he would take his loquacious aunt for a drive. At all events, he would desert his book and make himself agree able to some on*. With this kindly resolve in his mind, lie^ang for S'Boyind told him tohave acnp of coffee and-*a 4sttie*.*6ast broughtup to» the. room at once. 'And,' he added, ?*? bring the New. ToekEba. to me as soon as it arrives.' In spite of his conviction that the -world was drifting in the wrong direction, the clergyman took great interest in the doings of his fellowmen as he found them re corded in the daily histories and always read Mb newspaper before beginning work in the morning. ; His intention is to read the Eba after a light breakfast and then sleep, if possible, for an hour or more. jHe 6eats himself by the window and looks put aerosB the lawn. The day ia glorious and the cool morning air is still unheated by the bright rays of the summer sun. ' He can see the j long piazza where guests are passing on , their way to their favorite springs, and, as j he watches, he sees among the throng his aunt and sister who are evidently oat at an earlier hour than usual. Even at this distance the striking beauty of his sister is apparent, and the tired priest, with a. feeling of loneliness at his heart, thinks that perhaps the girl will care more for him when his name has become great in the world she loves. ' Well, well, I seem to be growing worldly myself,' he eays, half aloud, as he rises to open the door and admit a waiter with the breakfast. A moment after the call boy appears -with a copy of tie New Yohk Mohstin& 'Ft**- After they have gone Hurd drinks a cup of coffee, eats a small piece of toast, and takes the paper to the window. He glances over the first page, turns to the editorials, and at last his eyes wander to a column opposite, where the startling head lines stand out as though written in fire on a ground of ebony — GHEAT SENSATION AT SABATOGA, ? ANOTHEB w H rrwp SEPDLCHEB. ? BEV. SAMUEL HOBD OF BATOGBE, L. I. THE PARTNER OP ' GENTLEMAN JONES.' ? A LIFE OF DECEIT AND HVPOCEISY. The priest can read no further. The awful head-lines fascinate him, and his mind seems capable of no effort beyond a constant perusal of the deadly, damning words. A hundred times he begins with, ' Great Sensation at Saratoga,' and reads the four lines through. After a while he neglects the first three lines and reads only the last, ' A Life of Deceit and Hypocrisy.' Suddenly, as he ponders these words, he hears again the chimes of his little church slowly and solemnly tolling by the shores of the rest less sea. He seems to see nothing but a great darkness through which the bells ring forth the two words, ' Deceit, Hypo crisy,' 'Deceit, Hypocrisy,' as though telling the listening universe his story. Will those awful words never ceaee, irill those accusing chimes never grow silent? Slowly the dazed man rises, as though barely conscious of what he does. Like one walking in a dream, he goes to the desk where he had spent the long hours of the summer night. He takes therefrom the manuscript -which was to save mankind and make the name of Samuel Hurd famous through, the cen turies to come. Still slowly and as one in a trance, the priest goes to the empty fire place and carefully arranges the sheets of his book on the iron bars. - Leaning over, he attempts to read a few words of what ia written, but on every page he sees nothing but the two words* ' Deceit, Hypocrisy.' His face, which had been pale from his sleepless night, is now like a dead man's, save that the eyes have the wild look of one whose reason is deposed. Suddenly he lights a match and a merry little flame begins to devour the mass of paper in the grate. The relent less fire grows bolder and mere Eoiay in its hilarity as chapter after chapter of close reasoning and eloquent argument feeds its soaring appetite. It swallows up German, philosophy and English science, ancient history and Christian teachings, false theories and divine truths, with seeming impartiality and apparently with equal relish. Soon the jolly fire, as though satisfied with its hearty meal, grows quiet, and at length disappears entirely, leaving nothing behind but the black ashes of burnt paper on the grate, and an unplea sant odor of 6moke throughout the room. 'Behold how great a matter a little fire' has destroyed 1 Years of thought, research, scholarly devotion, the best efforts of a 1 brilliant mind in its prime have become but a smoldering heap of charred paper. Dreams of glory, towering ambitions, have disappeared in smoke ; the child of a proud intellect has passed away almost at the hour of birth. The priest has watched the fire as it de voured his life's -work with the eyes of one who does not fully comprehend the fatal significance of what is passing before him. The blaze has long sines disappeared, and still he stands there gazing on the ashes now growing cold and brittle. At length he recovers somewhat, and his eyes appear less wild. Again he goes to the window and takes up the paper from the chair on which he had thrown it. This time he reads the article from the first word to the last. The truth, though highly colored, stares at him. from every line. Again the desperate light shines ia his dark, sunken eyes. There is no hope for the wretched man. His mind, with all the efforts of despair, can find no escape from his fate. He has no wife, no chil dren, to bring him comfort in the hour of disgrace. The religion which he has made a mockery in the sight of men has never haen more to him than an intellectual study, and offers no consolation in the time of need. . .. . Where shall he find refuge for his proud spirit where the scorn of the world can not reach him, and the terrible tolling of thoBe awful wordB ** deceit,' ' hypo crisy,' shall be stilled for ever? The weakness of his character which had led him into wrong makes him. a coward in the hour when force and courage are most needed. Perhaps, had ba been fortified by a night of strengthening sleep, despair would have come less readily. PerhapB, had his faith been stronger and his pride less active, the truth that laws both human and devine forbid eelf destruction would have been sufficient to stay his suicidal hand. Perhaps— but there is no need of speculation, for the deed is done, and the priest is* quiet now in a sleep which knows no waking. He who was to save men's souls had gone where souls are judged. CXO BE CONTINDHD.) Slowly the dazed man rises. 