SEPARATION. (Brinliane Courier.) Tlie ghost of territorial Separation ought to he laid for some years lo come hy thc division on Mr. liurns's motion yesterday evening. For the discussions that have occurred during thc session prove that there is no real vitality iu the Central or Northern Separation movement outside thc prospective capitals of Rock hampton and Townsville. Mr. Curtis is thc only one of our legislators who is affected willi living enthusiasm, and his inllucnec is circumscribed by thc fact that his public career is almost wholly limited to participa- tion in thc divisive movement, and by the further fact I hut as u hold speculator in Rock- hampton ullotmeiits his zeal is supposed to be stimulated hy business reasons. It may bc urged that land speculation confined within reasonable limits is a legitimate method of inoiiey-making, which need not be disputed. Rut it is a kind of speculation that is liable to abuse, und as a matter of fact bas been grossly abused in Queensland to the detriment of thc best interests of the colony. Mr. Curtis is sincere, no doubt, in thc belief that Territorial Separation would benefit Rockhampton and Central Queensland, and it may bc admitted that one immediate effect would bc lo raise land values in the Central city, t o the pecuniary relief of some persons who have acquired allot incuts at purely speculative prices. But these speculative prices are really inimical to the public welfare ; they ure thc blackmail levied by the non user of land upon thc man desirous of acquiring it for productive purposes. What we should like to bc assured of on reasonable evidence is that thc proposed dismemberment of the colony would promote enlarged pro ductionfrom the soil, thc establishment of new industries, or thc general well-being of tile community. These things have not yet been demonstrated. What is claimed is that Separation would enhance thc market value of land, and cause thc money collected in thc Central district to bc spent within that dis- trict, instead of being cast iutothc maelstrom of thc Brisbane Treasury. The rich wcBtern lands, it is urged, would not then bc sacri- ficed hy ubsolutc sale at five shillings au acre, but lensed to grazing farmers ot rents repre- senting capital values ranging from two to three shillings per acre. And it is assumed that if Central Queensland were erected into a separate colony its Treasury would be rich enough to justify this sacrifice of present land revenue for thc sake of posterity. Ad- mitting so much, it is necessary to reuiiud the Separatist thut there are prior claims upon that revenue, that in past years thc hinds in thc Southern district have been "sacrificed" to provide money to pay interest charges upon thc public debt, and that the pressure of interest being greater now thuu at any former time, the sale of Cen- tral lands is necessary to assist in providing it. The talk of sacrifice is nonsense, for thc land will still remain, und in a short time may be made to yield as much to taxation as it bas hitherto yielded in thc form of rent. In thc meantime the price obtained by sale must, we repeat, be available, as in former years, to meet thc cluims of the public creditor. It is really the land question that is the main- spring nf thc divisive agitation in Central Queensland. Put aside thc speculator in allotments in Rockhampton, and the specula- tor in grazing farms in thc western districts, and the motive power which gives impulse to thc movement would be gone. In the North the agitation is similarly limited in its sources. Townsville, like Rockhampton, is dazzled by visions of future greatness when it shall become the Northern capital, and thc aspirations of its landowners arc stimulated by thc desire to grasp thc un- earned increment by speculative sates at prices which would discouut thc values of a quarter of a century hence. They refuse to perceive the injury done to tho productive industries by " booming " thc price of land, and by levy- ing upon it« industrious occupier a perpetual tax for thc benefit of thc non-using if original owner. But thc Northern Separatists cannot boust of an enthusiastic advocate like Mr. Curtis, of Rockhampton. Mr. Burns has tried to do his duty by his constituents, but evidently he is not actuated by a consuming desire to get Separation at once and at any price. For he is too sensible a mun not to perceive that thc divisive ardour of the pro ducing classes has cooled since thc removal of the prohibition against coloured labour, and that Separation would never have ob- tained their support but for thc conviction that thc populous constituencies of Southern Queensland would condemn thc North to im- poverishment by abolishing-tropical agricul- ture if it could not be remuncrative'j con- ducted by white labour. On thc oilier hand, I the Northern Labour party resolutely opposed i Separation until they discovered that it would give them a purely labour colony, and enable them to ride roughshod over their employers and political opponents. Dismemberment, therefore, instead of attaining thc dignity of a national movement, has become tuc mere battledore and shuttlecock of political parties, each one prepared cither to take it up or drop it us volatile party interests may dictate from time to time. It is impossible that Separation should succeed under such conditions as these, and no one feels the hollowness of the agitation more keenly than the Northern representatives in thc Assembly who are pledged to support it. No wonder, therefore, thal Sir Thomas M'llwruith last week pronounced the move- ment dcud, or that only sixteen members in a House of forty-seven yesterday supported Mr. Burns in the division. , Thc actual want of our great colony is not dismemberment, but administrative decentralisation, although even that want is less urgent now than in former years, when thc means of communication were difficult and tardy. In a legislative aspect the division of thc colony into three semi independent StatcR would bc entirely mischievous, for our present comparatively creditable Legislature with the whole population of Queensland to select from is not yet by any means as efficient as the public interests demand. Rut were thc colony divided into three, thc want of trained public men would he a serious menace to the public weal ; for thc mischief that might be done by three incompétent Parliaments simultaneously engaged in I he business of law-making ran scarcely be over-estimated. Admitting that Home Rule might he bene- ficial to the Southern, Central, and Northern districts of Queensland, it must he contended that thc abolition of the existing Parliament would lie an act of supreme folly, and that any Home Rule granted must be conducted by provincial authorities strict ly subordinate to the General Legislature. But Home Rule on tliat principle would not satisfy thc terri- torial Separat ionists, or it might have lice» obtained long ago. 