" T ~ TWO KISSES~ -I * That Christmas Eve we were all seated cosily round the cheerful.drawing room fire ; and as my eldest brother was then on hie' way from Liverpool, where he was engaged in business, expressely to spend Christmas : Dayr'at home, we children had been very graciously accorded permission to wait up fob .his arrival. "In the corner of the broad fireplaee, re clining in her easy chair, grandma looke?] -sm·tiihngfiv - thermre .dently quite prepared for the demand made upon her on all those particular and special Soccasion s. . Nor had she to wait long. Mamma had scarcely looked.at 'htier watch and announced that Richard might be ex pected to knock his usual loud ' rat-a-tat-tat' at the door in just forty-five minutes from that moment,- when little Nellie .turned to the white-haired old lady, clapping her tiny hands, exclaimed 'Oh, grandma, tell us a real, nice, pretty story !' ' Yes, do r we all chimed in. 'A lovely fairy-tale,' said Ethel, a young lacsy of nine summers. 'No; let's have a ghost story--one that will make our flesh creep,' said Master Ned, who was two years Ethel's senior. 'What rubbish, said Ethel contemptuously. 'As if every sensible person doesn't know, now-a.days, that there's no such thing as a ghost.' ' Quite as many as there are fairies, replied Ned '-But fairies are delightful, and ghosts are atrays disagrieeable,' said Ethel, determined to have the last word. 'Well, well, children, we won't discuss the question,' said grandma. ' Fairies and ghosts both have their merits no doubt, especially from a story-teller's point of view, and 1 should be sorry to say anything against either. 'But, as tastes differ, I don't think it de sirable to make you dissatisfied, so I shall avoid both goblins and fairies to-night, and tell you a story about a certain lady of your acquaintance.' ' A true, real lady ' asked Edith, who had not spoken before. ' Yes, my love. The lady I mean is a very genuine person-at least I hope so and the story about her is perfectly real and true.' ' All right, -grandm, if it's not going to be creepy,' I hope it's funny,' blurted out Ned. ' I am afraid you will be disappointed, my dear, for the story is about myself, and I do not think I ever did anything funny in my life,' replied grandma. 'About you, graDdma I Do tell us ' we exclaimed joyfully. 'Well, then, children, when I was Ger trude's age, I ?as much like what she is now -that is to say, tall for a girl of. fourteen, slight of figure, with long, wavy, fair hair, blue eyes, and rosy cheeks. 'In fact, if I may be allowed to say so, I was pronounced by good judges to be-ahem -attractive. ' My eyes are still blue, but the rest of my description is considerably altered, as you see. 'Such changes will happen, you know, in the couese of fifty years or so, so I shall not give way to any of these fruitless lamenta tions. ' At the time I mention I was no longer a child, but could scarcely b considered a yonug lady--don't forget that I am speaking of. fifty years ago, and the girls of that period were not by any means so far advanced and so ve?y clever as those of the present day, remember?. e!owever, when I was fourteen, I fancy 1 must have been pretty simple-minded, for my existence, apart from my studies, was wrapped up in two passions--love for my only brother, whom I worshipped, and an in ordinate fondness for the game of battledoor and shuttlecock, then as much in vogue as lawn tennis in now. 'Of course I loved and revered my father, who was then not far ofsixty, and looked older, through grief at the loss of my mother, who died when I was but a mere infant in arms. ' My brother--whom I used to call my big brother-was somewhere about twelve years my senior. ' We were Oolonel Norton's only remain ing children, two having died before my birth. -' It was during the Autumn holidays, one very rainy, unpleasant July day, and I was' in the drawing room moping instead of play ing shuttlecock in the garden with Fred., my brother, who was always ready to do anything I asked. I was dozing over a book, when all at once I was roused by the sound of voices in an ad joining room. In another moment I heard my father and brother in evident altercation, the former speaking in loud and angry tones-whilst my brother's voice, though pitched in a lower key, was quite audible through the thin par tition which separated the two -disputants from me. Frederick was saying- '.Father, I am resolved to make. Mary Cuthbert my wife. - -' ' "'[love her, and she is worthy tobear, our name.' '"And I am equally resolved that you will not have my consent to marry a. penniless g.verness,' angrily1 answered Oolonel Nor ton .. i--. 'Now, if you persist inyour intention, you know exactly the course that I shall. pursue.' %'-'_.A ; - ;', j- .I A . , ; ' I understand you father,,. £I am deeply- grieved to offendiyou, and if it must be I will leave the house, s As I. have alreaOdy told you, I love Mary Outhbert, she has consented to become my wife and my word is pledged. . , I,am twenty-six ye.rs of -age and you have uot the slightest legal :oontrol over my actions.' - . ' Very well, sir,' replied, my father after a pause. SBut bear in mind that from the hour bf about to force into my family:-are. stragers to me for ever. - -; -w i 'I hope father that time will convince you of the harshness and injustice of. suacha;de termination. ' You will forget and forgive.' , - 'Never, sir 1' ' Good-bye.' In another instant the study door'opened and my brother appeared in the room where I sat pale and trembling. . He appeared quite calm but he was very pale. Perceiving me, he came at once andtook me in his arms. He Laid sadly 'Good- bye, darling. , .: : .: ' I am goidg away for a long-time, and do not know when I shall see my :little sister again.' ! ,i 'No, no,' I cried. . , i 'Don't say that, Frederick I 'You know I am not angry with.. you how could I be angry with you, my dear brother ? Be looked at me inquiringly. 'Ah, you'heard what passed just now, didi you, Maggie? he asked, Then, as if remembering the difference in our ages, he added SI wish I could explain all to you, dear, but I must not do that now ., ' SYou are only a child, you know,. ittle sister. ., These are matters that you will under stand when you rare a few years older. 'All that I can say to you at present is that I shall always love you tenderly, whether I am near you or far away.' , SAnd I shall always love you to, my dear brother,' I sobbed. He took me once more in his. strong:arms, kissed my quivering lips, and :then- he was gone. A fortnight afterwards Frederick 1Norton married the woman to whom; he: had-given his heart, and now his name. . It was a severe shock to his' father, whose soldier notions of duty .and: obedience were thus set at defiance by his only son. ' I will never forgive him,' he declared. From that day the undivided affection of the proud, imperious, self-willed, but kind hearted old man were now centred in me alone. I became his constant companion, and, rather than permit me to be away from him even for a few hours a day, he -took me from school, and engaged professors -to continue my education under his own immediate di rection, whilst he yielded to all my girlish whims with the very utmost.absolute, do cility. .. This commenced with the hour, ofmy brother's departure, and increased , as the: time went on. , My father appeared to divine; andi antici pate my smallest wishes, and often ;when I went out with him I was afraid to admire any trinket or knicknack I happened to see in the shop-windows, well knowing that if I did so he would be sure,to buy it.for me be fore the day was over. - To this paternal indulgence there was only a single exception, and on that. one subject- my. discarded brother-he remained as un movable as a rock. , , ...a nI Often and often I essayed *to.bring-about a reconciliation, and in furtherance 'iofthis; much-desired end, I exerted- all thelvai in-' fluence I possessed over.my fatheriand leery feminine artifice as well;. biutr y -refforti, were totally unavailing;.. : : ; The moment I commenced the :foibbidden' theme his brow darkened, and he bade nme be1 silent .. ' The tone he. adopted on these occasions left me no alternative but to obey, , ' I knew his nature too well to resist' com-" pliance with his will.: - 'I was repulsed, but.not vanquished.. , Indeed, my hopes of ultimate' victory were not in the least diminished by"niainy succes sive checks, which might' well hiive dis heartened a feeble girl- like "me, had :nodt been firmly resolved to'fiially tdiiipib in the end. ; - : I was a soldier's daughter,'arfld Thad read enough of Roman history 'to elimbeti?m, rthat, to temporise is sometimes to wi. -'' ' I know what that meaiis,- grandma," iin terrupted Master Ned, eageir to display 'his erudition. -.f -: . ' What does it mean, mydear rf. iied the old lady, smiling. - - ' Why, Fabius Ounctator,';, the "Roman Consul, who played the waiting gitimegainst Annibal,' replied Ned, proudly.: *' ' !-" - ' You are perfectly right, ;Edward,; and I adopted 'the"Fabiaz 'policy -of ' ~tioni : re fusing to fight inm the open field, biut con tinually harassing the enemy:' by doiiunte\r marches and' aimbtiscades, like myniwise Roman predecessor y! " ' Ah ! what a cl.ver geieral or:: field: marshal I might haveinade, if only I 'had been a man! ' Well, tie passedioni until between six and. seven years had elapsed since my1 father and brother separated in anger.:.~'' A reconciliation seemed as far off assaveer .and I was almost beginninig toTlosevdanrage, when one day at a dinner;iarty;?given b"By ." high functionary of that peiodd; at:'which my father and,.lwere.present, an incident oc curred that unexpectedly. revived my: droop ing hopes..: :, :: " : .. 'Amongst other subjects of dinner-table conversation, an allusion was made to a re cent: railway :-aoeident, in which, it was sts~ed;,:a young civiliengineer, ::whor ,chanced toe aipassengeri -in" the, train, had saved many lives by hiscoolness' and intrepidtty.: The gentleman:. who: described .the event was a stranger, seated just opposite to my .'110related Idw:the engine-driver had 'been: suddenly'seized.iwith illness, and :the locomo tiv.e left-bhn?6vrned' to rush on, at full speed, when the young'man spoken of? had crawled along.the.-footboards of the carriages, and, at theri, -hi jlife, succeeded in stoppiug the train ti ti'm? e to' prevent u terrible catas trdphe." -? '-And who was the brave young fellow ? inquired my father. For a-momient there was. 'an embarrassed silence; then-our host said, quietly 'Well, Colonel Norton, 1 am pleased to tell you it was your own son . 'I am niot snrprised,: said. my father, quite simply. ':, My son only did his duty.' But at the same moment I stole 'a glance at him, and saw in his face the quick glow of pride which even hedould not suppress. Women, my dear children, are not so dull of apprehenio~ias' 'some -learned folks pre -to d t hey are. stey are.km(iiintly thit. :thie cause I had so de'eply at heart had that instant made a giant's stride, and I was not long in devis ing a plan to take advantage of the situation. I need scarcely say that my brother and I had always kept up the most affectionate communications with each other, and during theyears which had. 'foIllowed his marriage we had often met, though I carefully eon eealed the fact from my father's knowledge. :I was well aware that my. brother had 'made his way. in the world by his own un aided exertions, and that he was highly esa teemed by all who came into contact with him, socially or professionally. I knew, too, that in the helpmeet he had chosen he had, happily, found-a liiost excel lent and devoted. wife, admired and re spectced_ by all who were acquainted with her good qualities, On the :night' of _the memorable dinner party I went to bed with a" serene and con tented mind, firmly convinced that a very short time would suffice to bring my plans, to a successful issue, " .-.I Jaa..determinedthathe, ensiypnhould I surrender at discretion, arms and baggage. We were just then at the beginning of Christmas week, and the greatest festival of the year fell on a, :Wednesday. S-Outhe previous day my father, who was always most pu?ctilious in the observance of the old-fashioned English Christmas dinner, called me into his study. 'Now, then,. Maggie, my dear,' he said, with a cheery smile,' I want.to consult my littlegirl on amatter of very serious impor tance. ' Of course, 'you have not' forgotten that 'to-morrow is Ohristms! Now, my pet, listen ;'I am goiBg to:ask your advice. .'Myadvice, papa? . Surely you must be j6k.ng. s'oNot at all.: In, fact, I'do not mind tell ing you in strict, confidence .that I am at my wits' end, 'aid it .will be Very ikind of. you to give mre 'the benefit of your sage counsel. '"An irtim.ate friend of:mine has a charm ing'daughter--a gentle, affectionate, devoted lit tle gi---who.loves him, and he is very anxipus ,? ?'ni0e' her. a nice Christmas present.I.. ,Ile doqsn't quite know what would please her best, adiihas asked meto, s pggeat.'some thin?g. ....gg?".? so.. . e ",' .ow,'ts,?of and.,the young lady are of j?iust"ibout the same, age, and, I .should. be gla '4lid y friend, I. th~ougPht, per haips~yd might give mn a hinjt. Oh, hang :i)?g pe7lia adt perphr ase ! he burst out, h?,?.ou;ld, o ..like, Maggie,.for a c? ? i~ he thomte beginning ex I ,ai~y'·Ijbat~ws coming, It ? mtere6Ily a:a repetition of a little c~emedy my ?e .hrerpeated every,. year at Cthristnms tmm - . "But Iraise my. eyerows in affete subrprise, as if struck by the extraordinary novelty of the idea. ' :.Good gracious, papa . . An/ I the young lady you mean I '? t'What' 6ther" young lady should.I mean, 'Co.e, now, speak out and. don't.be so afraid !-. . "~lj 1 fee ;in a: prodigals .humour this Christ f""a nd y:ou must - take advrantage of your .ola father's extravagance, my dear. :...? Your generous intentions' don't surpise .me iiinthe least,';papa, because I know I am a spolled c~hild. .'Well _. . ' This year I should like you to give me something.very, special.' .-. 'i"What :is~ it, lV~e~ I',.. i. You wo~~;: dn't be angryl~, Ang~~rs ? sad .:f~P ~t~tee jwith a, tinge of tt?J( ;, , t? " "? d " " j":; ". : ';. sans. 1,,'r 7:.:: 'NoR idear papa nev'er. •-? ?. . ill ,you, promise- not_- to refuse we the .Ori4tnaJ~x 3i~,hVa sqt.~y ieart· on.',~; '• ha.t] rather.a ;strong .promise,- though, ig t -i . - , 9 qt wiant anyrthing.'. S1ill go o~.cfar.as to prompin y'ou any :hw. tzia~nrmy~pow~ert: toagive, , ..,;. ' Anything ? 'Anything.' ' Oh, dear papa, thank you ' And I threw my arms around his neck and kissed him on both cheeks. J 'There I I exclaimed. 'To- morrow, just before we sit down to dinner, I shall ask you for my Christmas box. ' To-morrow, Maggie '?' "How am I to buy your Christmas box, to-morrow? \--"Why-all- the shops.. . .'Ah,,but .what I...hall ask you forhyou cannot buy. a . ' I see you are terribly perplexed, so I will now relieve your anxiety by clearing up the mystery. ' For my Christmas box to-morrcw you are to give me two kisses. ' Two kisses ! he exclaimed, delighted. 'I should rather think they are not to be bought, nor sold either. ' If you like, my dear, you shall have them at. once, and two to follow before dinner. ' Kisses 1 ' That's not much of a Christmas box for a girl of twenty. 'Never mind, papa; don't forget I have your promue --the'word of a soldier. Oh,lI'tL keep'it never fear. 'And theo as he went away I heard him mutter 'But, by Jove ! I have not promised not to give the child a better present than a couple of kisses ! *The. next day punctually at four o'clock, dressed in my prettiest frock, I knocked at the-study door, and in the most impressive tones I could muster, announced 'If you please, Colonel, dinner is on the table. ' All right, replied my father. 'You see I am all ready, and I have a good appetite. 'I am delighted to hear it, I answered. ' Now will you have the kindness to let me conduct you to the hall i 'Stop a minute my dear. ' You must first permit me to offer you a little Christmas souvenir, which I have here for the occasion. 'Opening one of the drawers in his writing table, he drew forth a beautifui and costly bracelet, set with pearls, which he clasped on my arm in the most gallant and courtly manner. And now it only remains for me to give you the two kisses you asked me for yester day. ' A. yes.-papa. you_.are., quite right ; but I didn't say that the kisses were for my self. 'Wait a moment, and you will see. Without giving him time to consider my' meaning, I took his arm antd led him to the dining room. Scarcely did we cross the threshold when a sweet little girl of four summers clasped my father's knee and lisped 'Merry Christmas, g'anpa.' At the same moment a blue-eyed boy of six seized his coat-tail and shouted 'Merry Christmas, grandpa.' My father stopped short and turned to wards me. His brow was contracted, and for a moment my heart sank. I thought my plan had failed. But it was only for a moment. But the kind old malt glanced at the two baby faces, and in an instant the threatened storm had passed away. Stooping, he lifted both the children in his arms and covered them with kisses, and [ saw two big tears roll down the veteran's cheeks. •Nlow or never!' thought I, ,as I ran quickly to the door and returned, holding by one hand my hrothi.ir.Federick, and by the other his young wife."';• I must admit it was a .most anxious mo ment for me, as my 'father looked from me to his son and the woman who had been the cause of their long estrangement. My father's expression was by no' means reassuring and it needed all my courage to speak as I did. 'Father,' I said, with desperate resolu tion, 'yesterday you pledged your word as a soldierthat you would give me two kisses for a Christmas-box. 'I am here to claim the fulfilment of your promise. For an instant he hesitited. Then,' holding out both hands towards my brother, he exclaimed? 'Frederick I My son !' ' Father !' and they were locked in each other's embrace. Turning to where Mary stood, with her two little ones by her side, my father said, with deep emotion 'I know now that Maggie's Christmaa box was intended for you. 'If my white moustache doesn't frighten you, come ! She threw herself into his arms, and he imprinted two big sounding kisses on her cheeks. 'Maggie's gift, my dear-and mine !' Mary cried, but her tears were tears of joy and, thankfulness. .I rather fancy, indeed, everybody cried a. 'little, but myLather pretended to blow his nose violently, and turned the matter off by taking 'Mary's hand, and conducting her to the place of honor at the head.of the table. -.- And noi'er was there assembled together a happier Christmas party than was gathered 'around my father's festive board.' ' As the old lady spokethese words a loud rrlt;a-tat.?t~t camem at the street door. 'Brother Richard!' we all shouted, in unison. , . .· : -? :-, 'And that,' said grandma, ' is. the end of my atory,' . . - . 