Town Talk. That there are a good many fatalities taking place, just now, amongst the divers up North. That some time ago the pearl-shell was scarcer than the divers. That, if the present sta'e of affairs keeps up, the divers will very soon be ssceer than the pearl-shell. That 120 feet undler the surface of the sea is rather lower tshan' eve, some people the "T.T." mnan could mention would like to be, but where they ought to be if they had their deserts. That surely smoe merehanical means could be otilised to prevent such terrible loss of life as is happening up Thursday Island way just -_ow. That it would he well for all boat-owners to see if something of that kind can te done, or else public opinion may make itself felt. That the Australian Eleven are not making each colossal scores as it was fondly hoped. they would when they left thlese shores. That OGiffen in particular is a rather dis appointing player. That to-day te makes 60 or so not out, and to-morrow he makee-well, nearly 1, and snstterat'ly out at that. That the match with Oxford was within as dlose as "dash it" of being anothler Australian defeat. That, on looking over thie birthday honour list, the "T.T." sant was surprised to find his mame not there. That hIe reckons he has done just as much for isl little community as some of the knights and baronets, and all tsat sort of thing, have done for theisr That the omission of his revered name from the list may been one of th' oersights common to such superior clay as his Most Serenelligh ness Prince Houshaustoreshan. Knight Grand Cross of the Sublim:e Order of Her Majesty's Original and Independent Knife-cleaners. That, if it was not that gentleman's fault, it was ·probably a lapse on the part of the Greet Plenspotentiary in Ordinary to tile Soap-box, or else the Hereditary Nerspaper-reSder to the Master of the Bucklsounds. That, any way, the soatter had better be meen to withost loss of tisse. That Mr. Justice Harding gave a pedigree to some of the law leeches on Monday last. That it is certain that his summing-up on that occasion was listened to very attentively, and the only wonder is that he did not bring down the house. That probably the explanation is that if the bouse had done any such thling it would have been promptly committed for contempt. That of course it is not for the "T.T." man to say whether his Honour's strictures were -deserved or not in this particular ease. That he can, however, take his solemn dy ing tip that much stronger stricturea would have been comparative commendation if ap plied to other cases which have come under the writer's otice. That it is nto be hoped that the day will come when a Court judgment will be delivered in language that anybody can understand. That the "T.T." man will swear that not one person in a thousand can make head or tail of the O'Brien2)-cusm-Hollandersl) judg nsoent relating to costs. That for instance, here is a bit of Esqui mnaux jargon: "Tax the costs of the petitioner of and or casioned by the counter-charges raised by the respondent, including applica tions for amendment, unnecessary tara tion, applications for review thereof, application for w~thdrawal of three of anchbsehages in Ceart, and such proper. tionite part of the application for the payriient of money ito Court, to answer the respondent's costs of trial and such issuen as related thereto, and one day's costs or hearing, and a propor. tionate part of three days' costsof -the execution of the commission, and of so much of the hearing amounting to one and a half hours of the trial as was co casioned by the respondent's motion to stay proseedings.- Tax therespondent's costs of her defenme except such costs as aforesaid. D)oduct such costs as afore said from her costs so taxed, and let the petitioner pay her the balance thereof. The money in Court to be first applied in snch payment, and the moneys already paid by thepetitioner in respect thereof deducted, and if any remains, as to the money in Court, let the balance be paid to the petitioner." That the "T.T." man thinks there is a -nistake here, and that probably this is how -tha judgment should read : Decree: iW'rit absolute, with nisi prisu and oine die mandamus attachmnents; in default, e/oUc prosepqi and ti-fa otium cum digniflate penalties. Then, see whether the anwyer-birds have left any money to the parties, and, if so, make a general pool of it, and, for goodness sake, let us all have a drink ! That this judgoment' is not so lengthy as Mr. Harding's, but it has enough legal gibberish in it to satisfy the lawyers, and enough of practical every-day horse-sense to appeal to the understanding of even a Chinaman. That the brilliant "Central" Flood Relief Committee, by reason of their brilliancy, now find themselves in a brilliant predicament. That, instead of taking the word of the members of thie various district committees who were all moen of integrity-and handing ever to them the funds that were sent for the relief of sufferers, they inet, week after week, and cavilled at this request and the other requcat, and thus delayed the relief that had been so promptly sent. That, finally, after they had proved to the world how well they could hisder the administering of relief, the remainder of the funds, which were specially donated for distrilbution were specially usedfor accumuiolion by being specially slammed into banks. That of course they can't be got out, and so the banks are now helping the good cause of hindering the relief of enfferers. That probably the "Central's" remark would be, if remonstrated with, " WVe can't help the banks closing." That the obvious reply to that would be, SWhy did you put the money there ? It was ,ient to you to be gieen awaU, whereas you Ibare Jaurdced if up." That perhaps even the "Central" may be able to see the point of the ahove I That Dr. Von Loesaberg's suggestions re dairy shusineus, or sometising like them, should re m.eive serious attention from tihe authorities. t'hat really, at present, in some instances, at least, tile public have not thle slightest pro teetion either in regard to milk or beef. tbhat the consumers haven't the ghost of a e-anek of knowing wletlser the cow or the bullock was is "good. order assd couditien" before the lacteal fluid in the first case and the salt jntk in the other was taken from it. That thise is noet as it should be, and it should be remedied, if possible, without loss of timne. l'hat.of course the "T.T." esan'knows per fectly well that there are many vendors who require sno looking after, because thsy are guided Iry a good old-fashioned thing called "a csdiescoe." That. su the other hland, le has an uneasy feeling that tlhere are others whbo are never troubled aviti such an inconvenient tldng. That s-one members of tise ioundauea uoard seemed to thiolk that the doctr hIad gone out of his way h ni aking the suggestions tlstl Ie did, though wla " they thought so it is Ihard foe an outsihler to ??y. That uely it is withlin the province of a htalth-offi:er to m-ake any lygienie recomms n dsaions he ,ounsiders necessary-in fact, that's -hab.t wasl ptllolr? tiis Iso ie ia ?tppoiseted for. "flat ale geuial scheressr ef thle lussdanlsa Board, after exptsessiog Iis resentment at the medico's 'ointrsainn," isiuediately proved that the ,l,,,?str haus very good cause for mak isug the lru'ep,, lihe slid. nThat, i feeter, thisu year will be knowoe au the " n..slow yea:r." flor act ocly has the big bhow socir-e?t here decidedil to let the locaIl e bhildtion rip. hut the cstill Isigger society in i a?banae tats apparently determinedl thal the u smol diesplay d.wno there iu August will hIave to go sung- ee- thlis occasion, ;!t till evcnls. That tothitig lshows so clarly how hard the public have beeon hit by floods, depression, and "reconstnlctrtin." That now and then our public men say, or try to say, whlat they think of each other, but their attempts are feeble compared with the good work put in elsewhere. That a very fair specimen of plain speaking is found in what the renowned Tyndall says of the renowned GClaldstone, when the former says that, politically and judicially, thie latter is worthy of atraitor's doo--thlat is, hlie should have his poley choppedl off. That, in turn, it woull he interesting to hear Gladstone'as opinion of Tyndall. 