FICTION. From English American nncl other pcrlod'cuJs PAULINA LISLE. PART FOURTH. CHAPTER IV. WOREIN« IN THE DARK. In his room, at the Charing CrosB Hotel, Robert Hawksley sat alone by the open window, smoking his meerschaum, and waiting for his daughter's coming with that grave patience that long habit had made cecond nature. Crowds passed to and fro on the pavement below, tho bright May sunshine gliding every face. Very fresh those roae-and-white English faces looked in the clear light-how thoroughly English the women were, with their bright bloom, their fair skin. He had seen hundreds of American women in Northern cities, with their delicate, wax-lik" beauty, their Parisian dresses, and their gay Parisian manners, and had admired them from afar off, but here he felt as though he had brothers and sisters, and home. Why had he not braved the worst and returned long ago? He wondered at himself now as he looked back. Why had he not defied all their treachery and baseness, and torn that day, at the very altar, his wife from the arms of Sir Vane Charteris ? " Is it fate ?" he thought. " Is our path beaten for us at our biith, and must we walk straight along, willy-nilly, to the appointed end ? In a few moments I shall Bee my daughter-mine-I who for neaily five-and-twenty years have been a houseless, friendlesB, solitary man, and perhaps find her, in spite of her letters, in spite of all I have heard, cold and ¿elfish and worldly." There was a tap at the door at the moment, and a waiter entered. ' " A lady to see Mr. Hawksley," he announced ; and then a stately figure appeared close behind him, veiled and simply dressed, but looking a ''lady" from the crown of her head to the sole of her foot. The waiter disappeared, closing the door behind him. Robert Hawksley arose, laying down his pipe the lady flung back her veil, and father and daughter etoo i face to face. For the space of fire seconds they stood in dead silence looking at each other. She saw a man bronzed and weather-beaten, but handsomer and nobler, it seemed to her, than any other man she had ever known-save one. Ho saw a beautiful and graceful young lady, with soft, sapphire eyes, and gold-bronze hair rippling low over that broad, white brow, with sweet, sensitive lips, and a little, curved, spirited chin. They were strikingly alike, too-eyes, hair, features-the most casual observer might have told ihe relationship. He smiled-a smile of great content passed over Colonel Hawksley's bearded lips, and be came for- ward with both hands outstretched. " Paulina ! my daughter !" " My father !" He drew her to him, and kissed the pure white brow, and the first meeting was over without scenes or exclamatiops. I supposp it is only on the stage new- found relatives fling themselves into each others arms with ecstatic screams. In real life, when we feel deeply, our actions and words are apt to be quiet and commonplace in exact proportion. She took the seat he offered her, away from the window, and waited for him to speak. On all ordinary occasions, Miss Lisle waB never at a loss for plenty to say for herself, but just now her lips were quivering and her heart was full, and no words came. He was the more composed and self-possessed of the two. " Earlscourt gave you my letter ?" Sha started with a sort of sljock that that name should be almost the first word from his lips. " What a surprise it must have been to you !" " A very great-a very gl>»d surprise. I can only regret you did not tell rae ali long ago." " What good would it have done?" " This !" her ey°B firing up, " that Sir Vane Charteris should never bave shut my mother up in a madhouse. By some means or other, I would have rescued her long ago." " Were you much surprised when yon heard your mother's name ?" "No, I think not, and yet I never suspected. How strange-how strange it all is ! I never saw . much of her, but I liked her exceedingly. And to think Sir Vane Charteris knew that I was her daughter all these years." " How bas he treate J you, Paulina-harshly ?" ' Mies Lisle Üfte.l her imperial head with a haughty gesture. " He dare not ! I would endure harshness from no guardian alive. In one instance only did he ever try to coerce me, and I baffled him in that." Her face gloomed over as shf> spoke. Had not that instance in which she had baffled him embittered her whole life ? " He did ?" her father said ; " your letters never told roe, Paulina." "No," with a sigh; "of what use would it have ü^en-you could not have helped mo ? I fought my Own battle, aud won," "He wished you to marry some one he had chosen for you-for your fortune, no doubt ?" " He wished me to marry Lord Montalien. From What motive, I do not know. Lora Montalien, with fifteen thousand a year at his o»vn, could scarcely wish to marry me for my fortune." " Lord Montalien ' "What, ! Ouy's cider brother ?'< "Mr. Earlscourt's elder brother." Robert Hawksley looked at her searchingly. The proud, pale face, very rofb and »weet a moment since, had grown hard and set at the memory of that past time; J I "And you would not? You did not care for him ?" " I not only did not care for him-one might get over that-I hated him. I helieved him to have wronged a friend I loved very dearly-I would have died a thousand times sooner than marry him." He was watching her> still-a grave smile upon hig face. \ " I wonder if that hatred» extends to Guy ? I hope not, for I have grown as fond of him as though he were my own son." Her face flushed all over-a deep, painful, burn- ing red. " I have no reason to dislike Mr. Earlsconrt," she answered, the words coming with an effort ; " he did me a great service once-a service few men would have rendered." "You must have been equally astonished and delighted when he appeared so suddenly before you last night at the Countess of Damar's ball." " Very much surprised beyond a doubt, since I thought him dead. Do you know that his death was announced many months ago in one of the American papers you sent me." " I did not know it. And you really thought him dead until he appeared like a ghost before you ? Not that Guy much resembles a ghost at present. It was as close a thing as ever I saw-he had half a hundred wounds, and fought through the cam- ' paign like a lion. It was while he lay sick in the hospital, almost to death, that I found your pic- ture in a locket attached to his watch-chain, and discovered that he knew you, and was a country- man." I That deep flush rose up once more on Paulina's face. " My picture !" she said. " How came he by that ? I certainly never gave it to him." "He told me as much afterward-owned that he purloined it as a souvenir of England and you, to carry into his exile. Ah, he is a brave lad, and a gallant one. He saved my life once at the risk of his own." " Tell me about it-father." Her voice was strangely soft and tremulous-her face drooped forward on her father's shoulder, some- thing vague and s weet stirring in her heart. It was a theme Bobert Hawksley liked well-the young man bad grown as dear to him as a son. He told her, while the moments went by, stories of his bravery, * of his generosity, of his g9nius, of his irreproach- able life-of how nobly he had redeemed tho past, " I believe, at the worst, his greatest crimes were but the thoughtless follies of youth. Guy Earls court has the noblest nature of any man I know. He could not stoop to do a mean or dastardly thing. His comrades idolized him-his officers respected him. I believe he is a true genius, and destined to | make a shiuing mark in the literature of his day." An interval of silence followed-his daughter's face was still hidden, but it was to hide the tears that were falling now. And this was the man she thought capable of selling his manhood for her money- the man who had sacrificed his life to save her from his brother ! " I don't see the need of our spending the first hours of our meeting in talking altogether of Earlscourt-fine fellow though he be. It strikes me I should like to hear something of yourself." She lifted her face, and laughed a little bitterly. " A most unprofitable subject. I am a fashion- able lady, wrapped up in dressing, dancing, driving -rather a striking contrast to the sort of life you have been speaking of." " And engaged to the Marquis of Heatherland ?" " No." "No? Why, I saw in the Morning Post-" "Very likely-still even the press is not in- fallible. Such an engagement did exist, but it has ceased." " It has ceased ! May I ask-since when ?" She flinched a little under his grave, steady, kindly eyes. " Since last night." . " Did you love Lord Heatherland, my daughter ? The world speaks well of him." " And he deserves all the world can say-he is one of the best men I ever knew. But-I never loved him. I don't know that I ever loved anyone -that I am capable of it. I am hard, and selfish, and worldly, and ambitious, and all evil things unworthy to be any good man's wife. I shall never marry-you need not look at me in that way-I mean it. My engagement with Lord Heatherland has ceased-what I am now I will go to my grave. When we find my mother-ah ! why should we talk of anything but her ?-we three will leave this London life, and all pertaining to it, and grow old in peace, somewhere out of the world." Her voice gave way in a sort of sob. Not capable of loving any one, when she knew that Bhe loved Guy Earlsscourt dearly-dearly, and that she had loved him from the first-ay, in the days when Allan Fane, the artist, had whiled away in her com- pany that rosy summer eight years gone. " Let us talk of my mother," Bhe repeated. " Who do you propose to do-how to find her ?" " The most skilled detectives of Scotland Yard must do that. Can you, living under the same roof with Sir Vane Charteris, throw no light on the place of her concealment ?" " I am afraid not ¡ and yet," Paulina said, thoughtfully, " perhaps T can. I have repeatedly asked him, and Bo has Maud-his own daughter, you know-to take us to see her, but his answer was invariably a refusal. It was no sight for young girls he said. Once Maud told me in confi- dence, she thought her mother was confined some- where at Chiswick, in a private asylum there. At least it is a clue-you might follow it up." " I will. If she is in England, it should not be so hard to find her. My poor Olivia ! what has she not suffered all her life long ? Can anything in the future ever atone to her for the past ?" ! " Let us hope so, my father. If we can only find her, I am quite sure we can make her happy. You are certain," hesitatingly, " Sir Vane Charteris cannot invalidate your marriage ?" "Quite certain-it is beyond dispute, I shall set detectives on the track at once, and remain quietly here to await events. Can you come to Bee me often, Paulina, or will it inconvenience you too much ?" " I shall come to see you every day at this hour, if you like. I am in every way my own mistress, free to come and go as I choose. And now, as it is close upon two o'clock, I think I had better return. They might possibly fall to wondering what had become of me." He led her to the door, and they parted with a hand clasp. He was never demonstrative, and her relationship wbb new as yet to Paulina. As she drew her veil over her face and turned to descend, Mr. Eirlscourt came Bauntering up, look- ing very handsome in his careless morning costume. He removed his bat, bowed in silence, and passed on into the apartment of his friend. Miss Lisle reached home in time for luncheon. There were always three or four droppers-in for that repast under the baronefs hospitable roof, and Paulina found the subject under discussion to be the unexpected return of Guy'Earlscourfc. J I, " Lucky beggar ! always fell upon his feet, and writes books and makes pots of money. Wish I could write books. All the woman throwing them- selves at his head alreaiy-Lady Edith Clive last night, and now you, Miss Charteris. Why couldn't the fellow stay where he was, and marry a Yankee ? Here's Miss Lisle- let's hear what she says. Miss Lisle, Miss Charteris says Earlscourt's the hand- somest man in London. Tour tasto is indisputable ; what is your opinion ?" "Really, Mr. Challis, I have not thought suffi- ciently upon the subject to form an opinion. One cannot decide so important a question, and award the palm of masculine beauty all in a moment." "All in a moment," exclaimed Maud. " Why Paulina, you knew Guy ages ago, down in Lincoln- shire, and when you first came ont-or was it before you came out here in London ? And I'm sure last night you and he had quite an interesting conversation, to judge from your looks just before we left. Mr. Challis says Lady Edith Clive made love to him for the rest of the night." "So she did," pursued Mr. Challis; "so the women always did, even when the fellow was going straight to the dogs. So will you all-don't tell me-I know you. Earlscourt's clever, and deucedly good-looking, and the fashion, and may have hiB pick and choice before the Beason ends. He ought to go in for the Lady Edith ; her fortune is some- thing immense." "Yes," paid Mrs. Galbraith, "he's very hand- some, and clever, and fascinating, always was, and has just that sort of reputation which makes all romantic girls lose their heads at once. But, my dear girls, don't either of you ever be mad enough to fall in love with a literary man. The wives of men of genius are the most miserable creatures under the sun. Did you ever read the life of Haydn ? And if so, you compassionated poor Mrs. Haydn, I hope. Look at Lady Byron, Lady Bulwer, hosts of them-always the same story : private misery; public separation. The reason íb plain enough : the affections of your men of great talent are not centered on wife and home, like those of commonplace men. The painted canvas on their easel, the blotted manuscript in their desk, are nearer and dearer to them than wife or child, Marry a man without two ideas in his head, and his heart in the right place, and you will stand a better chance of happiness than with bo brilliant a literary meteor as Guy Earlscourt." " Quite an eloquent speech, Aunt Eleanor," com- mented Maud, " and true, no doubt-though where your experience of men of genius comes from I don't know. Uncle Ralph was never overburdened with brains, from all I've heard of him. And in spite of your warning, I think I should prefer a little mild melancholy as the wife of Mr. Earlscourt, to the perfect bliss you speak of with a man ' who has not two ideas in his head.' " Her voice and face softened as she pronounced the name with a lingering tenderness, and a faint flush rose up in her pale face. Evidently it was a case of love at first sight. Paulina's eyes flashed, and a resentful, jealous feeling came into her heart. What right had Maud Charteris to talk of being his wife ? " Earlscourt will have none of you," said the young gentleman, who had first appealed to Miss Lisle. " I met him at Fane's studio this morning -Fane, the artist, you know. Somebody chaffed him about the execution his beautiful eyes and last book had wrought with Lady Edith-she has been able to talk of nothing else since its publication. He laughed at first, then grew serious. ' It is nothing, of course,' he said j ' Lady Edith does me the honor to fancy my book, perhaps, but I wioh it to be understood that I am not going to marry. I am as much vowed ,to celibacy as though I wore the Templar's Cross I shall marry no one' And by Jove ! he said it, you know, a3 though he meant it." Paulina's face flushed, her heart throbbed vio- lently. Oh, what had she done ¡-what had she done ! " Yes," said Mrs. Galbraith ; " Mr. Earlescourt is a very clever man, and a reader of human nature. Such a declaration is all that is needed to throw over him a halo of mysttry and romance, and make him simply irresistible. " You don't speak, Paulina -what are you thinking of ?" "lam thinking how exceedingly kind it is of Mr. Earlscourt to put us on our guard," Paulina answered, with that bitterness which was always in her tone when she spoke of Guy j " he is such a dazzling light that we all, poor moths, must inevit- ably be scorched to death if he had not warned us away. I suppose your hero is no more con- ceited than most men, Maud ; he only shows 'it a little more plainly. Why not advertise at once in the Times, ' The ladies of England are hereby warned not to bestow their affections upon the undersigned, as he is quite unable to" reciprocate, ¡ and intends to make none of them happy by the offer of his heart and hand.' " She arose as she spoke, angry at herself for the vehemence with which Bhe had spoken. " How you do hate him, Paulina, dear, don't you ?" Maud said. " He never jilted\you, did he ? At Mrs. Atcherley'8, for instance, six years ago, ' when you and he were surprised together in the ante-room, and poor auntie here was so angry ?" The random shot went straight home. Panlina turned a dead whiteness from brow to chin. She tried to reply, but her voice failed. The others looked at her in surprise. "He did jilt you, then?" Maud would have liked to say, but she was afraid. When she was moved there was in Miss Lisle's face something that always awed Miss Charteris. There was a little, very awkward pause-then Sir Vane came in, and the conversation turned upon something else-Paulina quietly leaving the room. Maud's suspicions were aroused, and from that hour she determined to watch Paulina and Guy i Earlscourt when they met. Thay met night after night, and day after day now, and jealousy had made the small black eyes sharp-sighted. It was love at first sight with poor Maud. The dusky splendor of Guy's dark face, his tall, graceful figure-his reputation as a hero out there in America- all had dazzled and won her. Long ago he had been fond of her-good to her-down at Montalien ¡ if there were nothing between Paulina and him surely she might hope. Mr. Earlscourt had made up his mind not to re enter society upon his return to London. He had learned how hollow and empty it all was-he had learned a healthier bind of life in the past six years. But he found himBelf quite a " lion," the hero of the day ; society sought him-crowds of in- vitations poured in upon him from the highest in the land. Many where old friends whom he could not well refuse. So he said to himself, hnlf ashamed of his yielding; but was that solely the reason ? Wherever he went he saw the proud, bpautiful face of the girl who was his wife. His wife ! What a pane-half pain, half remorse -it gave him ! He should not have taken advantage of that hour of madness, he thought, when she had besought him to save her-when, carried away by the excitement of the private theatricals, Bhe had become his wife. It was blighting her life; he oould se«. She hated him, and took little pains to conceal it. Night after night he left those gay f i assemblies where she shone a queen by right divine i of her peerless beauty and grace, vowing, in his i passion, never to return, and yet-when to-morrow came, the temptation to look once more upon that perfect face, though colder than marble to him, waB irresistible, and he yielded. And she never dreamed, in the remotest way, how with his whole strong heart,, and for the first time in his life, he was growing to love her. His face, the long train- ing of his life, kept his secret well. She saw him petted, caressed, the brightest eyes, the sweetest lips in the land smilirjg upon him, knew that he studiously avoided herself, was calm and courteous, and indifferent when they met, and knew no more. Walls of pride, stronger than adamant, held those two haughty spirits asunder- were likely bo to hold them their lives long. Miss Lisle was almost as much an object of inter- est to society just now as Guy himself. She had broken off her engagement with the Marquis of Heatherland at the eleventh hour-positively re- fusing the best match of the season-and a pro- spective duke. Lord Heatherland had gone abroad, but before his departure he had taken care to let the clubs and the drawing-rooms of Belgraviaknow that it was by Miss Lisle's own express desire the match had been broken. " I admire her above all women, and I alwaya shall," had been his words. " It is the great mis- fortune of my life that she cannot caro for me strongly enough to be my wife." It created a profound sensation. People said very hard things of Miss Lisle behind her back, called her a heartless jilt, who would end, no doubt, as she deserved, by being an old maid. But they looked upon her with new interest, as a woman capable of trampling lander foot a ducal coronet, and the beautiful heiress waB more sought after than ever. Nearly a fortnight had passed. She visited her father every day,, but her mother's hiding-place had not yet been discovered. She met Guy per- petually- day and night, and with the reBt of the world saw the marked preference Lady Edith Clive showed bim. They rarely spoke-a formal bow in passing was the only greeting they exchanged, but in her heart she knew she was intensely jealous. He could not, would not, marry the Lady Edith ; her secret now and forever was safe j but who was to tell he might not learn to love her ? She grew restless and miserable-the world began to say she was regretting the step she had taken with the marquis-that she was approaching five-and twenty, and growing quite faded and passée. She was sick at heart-sick body and soul, longing unspeakably for the hour when her mother might be found, and she herself free to quit England and him forever. It' was close upon the last of the second week that, making her morning visit to her father, she found him pacing up and down his hotel sitting room- flushed, excited, anxious. " You have found her !" was Paulina's first cry as she looked upon his face. He had found her-or rather the detective in his employ had. The private asylum was at Chiswick -he held the address in his hand-Lady Charteris was in tolerably good health, both mentally and bodily, and the medical superintendent had been expecting the baronet every day for the past three weeks to come and take his wife home. The asylum was a thoroughly respectable institution, and Lady Charteris, he had learned, was almost entirely re- stored, and ready at any moment to leave. " You must go to Chiswick at once, Paulina," her father said. " You will introduce yourself as the patient's daughter, sent by Sir Vane, to bring her home. Here is a note I have written-a pretty good imitation of his handwriting, I think, in which he says illness prevents his accompanying you. You must lose no time-I have arranged every- thing. When you quit the asylum you will take the first train for Lincolnshire. Go to your old friend,' Duke Mason-I will follow. On the way you can break to her the news of my arrival- pre- pare her to meet me at the cottage. Once there, and with me, let Sir Vane Charteris claim her if he dare." Paulina listened breathlessly-took the note, and entered the cab her father called. Ten minutes, and she was speeding along rapidly Cbiswick-ward, fully prepared for the part she had to play. The part was so easy, it required little duplicity to go through with it. Miss Lisle met the medical superintendent, and announced herself as Lady Charteris' daughter. She gave him her father's forged note. He read it, as a matter of course, bowed low before the stately, beautiful woman, and led her at once to his patient. Paulina's heart beat fast. How was she to tell her mother might not betray her in her first surprise ? She paused as the doctor was about to open the door. " Stop," she said ; " my mother has not seen me for many years. The shock may be too much for her. Do you go in, and tell her I am here, and let us meet quite alone." "As you please, Miss Charteris," the polite superintendent said ¡ " you can wait here." He ushered her into a Birany apartment. She stood, her back turned to the door, looking out of the window, trying to calm her rapid heart-throb- bing. She was not kept waiting long. In three minutes the door opened, she turned Blowly round -mother and daughter stood alone together ! Those six years of misery and imprisonment had done their work upon the wife of Eobert Lisle. Her face had blanched to a dead waxen whiteness, her golden hair had turned to silver. The great black eyes looked out from the bloodless face with a frightened terrified appeal. She stood on the threshold irresolute-trembling-Bhe did not recog- nize this tall, Juno-like young lidy with the lovely face and large, pitying blue eyes. "Are you?" she faltered; "no, you are not Maud." She drew away, trembling violently all over. " I don't know you," she said ; " did he send you here.' ' Paulina came over, put her strong young armm around her, and looked down into that frightened face with a brave, loving smile. " I am not Maud," she whispered, with a kiss ; " I am Paulina Lisle-mother- dear little, suffer- ing mother. No, don't cry out ; you will spoil all. I have come to take you away, and Sir Vane Charteris knows nothing about it. Don't wait to ask questions now-and be calm-don't excite sus- picion. I am going to take you away j the doctor thinks I am Sir Vane's daughter ¡ don't undeceive him. Go, get ready at once; every second is precious, and be calm- for all our sakes, try and be calm." She was calmer than Paulina had hoped. Her eyes lit up; hope flashed over her face. "I will," she answered firmly; "wait for me here." She left the room. In ten minutes she was back, accompanied by the medical man. " I can safely pronounce Lady Cbarterii p >rfectly restored, Miss Charteris," he said, blandly. "I told Sir Vane so weeks ago, and have been expect- ing him daily. Amusement and change of air are all she requires now. And how about the luggage ?" j "You will wait until Sir Vane visits you in per- ' son," Paulina said, quietly, drawing her mother's arm within her own. "He will probably be sufficiently restored by to-morrow." They were at the door; she could hardly credit her own success. The bland superintendent bowed low as he bade adieu to the baronet's beautiful daughter, and assisted my lady into the cab. The moment after they were whirling away far from the asylum, where for six long years this poor, pale woman had been incarcerated. Paulina leaned forward to give the driver his order, then she turned and clasped again that weak, frail form in her arras. " You look bewildered, darling mother ; oh, how easy, how natural the name comes. It is sufficient to bewilder you, or me, the rapidity with which thiB has been managed. I know all, you Bee-that you are my mother-everything. Who do you think has told me?" She kissed again, with a smile, the appealing face. " My father.'' " Your-father !" "And your husband; your only, your rightful husband, mother-Robert Lisle." She clasped her wasted hands, she tried once or twice before the words she wanted to say would quit her pallid lips. " Robert-my Robert ! he is alive still !" " Alive and well, dear mother ; and-now try and bear good news as bravely as you have borne mis- fortune-coming home to claim you," There was a faint, low cry ; Paulina drew her closer to ber, and kissed her again and again. " Poor little mother ! Yes, coming home to claim you. You are his wife, you know-he has the right-that wicked baronet, none. He is coming ! mother ! mother ! think of that !" " Paulina," her mother said, with a sort of cry, " he is here ?" For all answer Paulina held her closer. "Tell me," Olivia said; "tell me, Paulina-I can bear to hear such joyful news- Robert is here !" "My father is here. Nothing can ever come between you and him again." Her mother fell back, nearly fainting. Paulina caught both hands, and looked straight, almost \ sternly into her eyes. " Mother, if you faint I will never forgive you. You have a journey to take ; we are going down to Lincolnshire, to Duke Mason's. My father will follow by the next train. Then I give yon leave to faint, if you will insist up it. Meantime I am going to fasten this veil over your face ; there is no telling whom we may meet at the station." (To be continued.) 