The Baby Nicholls Tourist Party. The above company visited Berrigan last week, giving two entertainments in (lie School "of Arts. The high ' reputation of the company preceded ° well filled on both Wednesday and Saturday evenings. The company consists of 13 members, and all, from the greatest to the least, take an active part ill the programme. The " great gun" of the party is, of course, lJilby jSicholls.lo whom Mr Mnsgrove is reported to give the laurel, as (he cleverest child actress in the world, and her splendid rendition of "The 'poor little ragged boy" and " Right hours' work a day" 011 Wednesday, and "Come bad-:" and "Haul me back again" on Saturday, deserves the highest meed of commendation. The ' performance opens with the circle, on which the corners are taken by Messrs Aubrey Douglass and Johnny ]Jdwards (bones), u.'td Messrs Ibbotsnn and Joe Cowan (tambo),. while Miss Olive Dennian makes a very superior interlocutor. The opening number is :i chorus by the full strength of the company, and is given with great, effect, after which follows the usual funny nigger business, interspersed with songs. The first of these was "Climb up," by Johnny Edwards, followed by Baby J^ieholls' lunching song "Come back" which fully deserved the vociferous encore which greeted it, and which was responded lo with "Eight hours work a day," in which the Irish character is borne out in a manner wonderful in a child of such lender years and diminutive proportions. Mr Will Watkins then gave a funny rendition of the comic song " 1 had to go," and for the encore that followed matter of course, gave a Sailor*! medley, after which Mr Harry Williams sang "Touch the liar genlly," his fiue tenor and beautiful pathos making this sweet song still more so. Mr Aubrey Douglass makes an especially funny corner man, beint full of droll wit and impromptu jokes, and his " Old Ark" ivas loudly encored. Mr Walton then sang in his splendid basso, "Mother's with the Angels." Mr Edwards' " Gil hooley's supper party" following may be said to have been a step from the sublime to the ridiculous. Master liy. liussell, the female impersonator, then sang " Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay" in great style. Mr Will Watkins' fine song, "The miner's dream," was followed by a farce entitled "Tables turned," which completed the first part of the programme. Baby Nicholls sang the comic parody " Haul 1110 back again," which was most heartily appreciated, followed by " A fireman in the amateur fire brigade," by Mr Will Ibbotson, after which Mr Williams again delighted the audience with "Just song at twilight." "Coming through the dye," and " My musical sister,' by Mr Aubrey Douglass, was followed by '•' I'm the ghost," a first-rate character Fong by Mr Watkins. Mr Walton's fine voice was again heard to advantage in "Big Ben," after which Mr Cowan fairly brought down the house with the comic song, "My little Mary," executing the dance accompanying it with great style and dexterity A duet serio-comic given by Baby Nicholls and another member of the company was followed by the most laughable comedy, " Thumbs "up," the Dart of Gingah. as portraved bv 3tr Aubt-ev Douglass, banishing every thought of financial depression and eliciting fretjuent applause. The other purls were also well given, and w-e can safely say that when the denial "Dad" ITicholls again brings his company here lhat they will meet with a hearty iveplion. Mr Ivicholls ntends visiting H"n'igan again next ear, being thoroughly satisfied with treatment, and expressed himself s -charmed with ihe hall, which he sserts is one of the best, from an coustic point of view, in which lie as played. p 