FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COLONY. SUE ECU li Y TUB PREMIER. DEFICIT FOR 1893, £201,000. ESTIMATED. SURPLUS FOR 1894 £117,000. STAMP AND PROBATE DUTIES AND TOLLS ON THE DARLING. The Premier, netiny for his disabled col league, the Colonial Treasurer, delivered tiro financial statement last' night. Then was a fairly largo attendance of members, and a larger number of ladies than usual occupied scats in the gallery set asulu lor their use. The usual preliminaries witli regard to a message, from the Governor asking tin; Assembly to make provision for tiro supplies for 1S9J having been dispos-ed of, tiro House resolved itself into Committee of Ways and .Sir GEORGE DIBl'.S moved— That toivarJs niskini: eooil Uiu supply grunted to her .Majesty for (he service of the year 1SB Dare may lie "ranted nut of the cotisnli.hitwl revenue filial of Mew South Wales file sum of £251)5 lor Die expenses of Dm establishment of llis Excellency Dm Unvernnr for tile year 1S34. He said : I do not know whether I should begin my address in tiro stereotyped manner or not, but on Blowhole I am l)Oimd) I think, ill the lirst place to clear away a little of the fog and mystery that were raised last night by thu lion, member for Soitl.ii Sydney, AIr. Wise. CANCELLING 01? TREASURY NOTES. That lion, gentleman was good enough to bring every conceivable imputation against the Government in regard to their action over tlie current account notes, and, what is more, be was cheered by a number of members oil tlie Opposition .side of tlie House. I declined last night Lo give (lie lion, member tlie information Unit lie sought. 1 declined for two reasons, the lirst of which would alone have jusLilied tlie course L tool;. In the first place, if lie had been guided by the dictates of common courtesy, lie would have wailed till to-night for that, information, knowing very weli tiiat I would then make tiio financial statement, and iu Hie second place nobody line',',' bettor tliau that special pleader that it was in Hie course of such a statement that such an ex planation uaturaiiy came. The hoc. gentle man accused the Government with having broken the law, and although I declined to give him the information then, I did assure tlie House that there was not one word of truth in what he said— (Mr. Wish: "Hear, heat-")— and now if the lion, gentleman has any shame in his composition iie will admit that, lie was iu the wrong. Mr. WISE: 'I'hen I shall say that 1 was misled by the Treasury. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: The lion, gentle man, not Hatisiied with charging the Govern ment with breaking thu law, went on to sav that limy had done what might eventually have led a private individual from Ring- street lo Darlingliurst . ( laui. As 1 loid him then, I repeat now, tiiat tlie law was curried out by tiro Government to the utmost. 'Tiro House will recollect that llro bill under which Hie notes were issued was passed by a very large majority, for tlio purpose 'of relieving some 60,000 persons, whose current aceounls were locked np in tho banks under going reconstruction, and who, but for the "relief thus a Horded them, would have been put lo a great amount of pain ami troublo. This House sanctioned the issue of a certain inrm of nolo, an issue to the extent of 50 per cent, of thu deposits that they were intended to liberate, it was stipulated that as these notes came in they should be cancelled and destroyed. Mr. Wise laid said that during llro iirst month tiro notes were destroyed as tiro money came in, lint lie said also that large sums of money hail been paid to llro Government, and had not. been used as required by law for tlie Hiking up of the notes, insinuating as plainly as iu: could that I he Government; veio u.siiu; llm- notes and iho money too fot linaimial purjinseM, Ute nature of which owXitto have been explained Lo llu: House. As tlio notes were not beim» u.-vod in the manner implied by the lnm. iiN'inbcu, however, it was impossible for tho Government to lake the House into its eon- liiHneo upon the subject. Mr. \\\ Go ul;-:o insinuated Hurt the notes had not been can celled for the purpose of serving some hank ur banks. WHAT AKK THE FACTS? What are the facial The lacts are these : Tiic Government, having burned tho notes, it was for the unfortunate depositor to ro lo 1 in: hank ami obiain a eeri ideate of the. amount of hi,j credit. Upon l ho pro duction of thai eei liheat e liu: Government handed to him Trea.-fury notes to the amount of half his current account. Whal did the bunks 1 1 o V Tho moment' the banUs found thai. Parliament had passed a law lor the relief of so many ( mmsands of people, fearing that they would lose the accounts, they otl'ored llu": depositors advances of 75 per eciiL, instead of 60 per cent., upon tlie amount of their current accounts. Thus, instead of our issuing" notes to the extent of 2.'. million.? of money, before We. had parted with £53,003 we found the banks com- pe:inf.i with us for liiu credit of iheir mt .turners. As the process of reconstruction vent on, two of t he principal hanks oJj'cred to advance not merely 75 percent, on lias current accounts, but to ;.;i ve their cust omers the. whole 100 per cent. ; and iu I hat way die end tiiat Parliament had in view wan gained. Tlie miles of winch the TrenMiry could u.'i. possession were taken month by mouth and destroyed. hi cumm where we could uol imd lite notes, we did the next, homed. Uiim(. Instead of iciiRt the money, we opened a special account in the Bank of New tfouth Wales, and set. aside every .shiUimr as the lioles came to hand. Tim lion, gentleman (old us the other niyhi. thai it was not. until alter tin: loan was lloatcd that wo look the notes '.Mr. WISE: I did not Lay "floated i said " secured." Sir G140KG14 DIBBS: Tim notes were taken tip before lite loan was lloaleik Mr. W1S54: It is incorrect. Sir G EOiP 1 14 DIBlLS: it is no U30 saying tiiat. it is incorrect. Mr. WJS14: I have proof from the Trea- Sir GEOUG14 DTPBS; T also have proof from the Treasury, which I will show lo I he lum. jcnUoniau when I have finished my speech: and, what, is more disappointing to him, the Act. instead ol bein a failure, as he prophesied, has been a jjreat success. Mr. WISE : 1 did not nay that it would be a failure. I voted for ii. Sir G140UGJ4 J)IBBS: 1 was icdonbhed last niyjit to hear a yenllcmau of liu: educa tion ami position of thu Inm. member for Soul h Sydney inakinv a statement such as iu: made. It was a s'.atemeiiL \ hilt no honest man should have made iu ibis House, it was made lor paiiy purposes, and made in order Hint the people of the country miyht not know what a success the Bank issue Act had been. Thrro is no lurim amount of paper lloat ii»X about the country to-day, and there has been no loss to the Government on tho transaction. THE TB A XS ACTION IX DETAIL. This is 1 1m true position. Xotcs lo the value of £55o,000 were issued. Ayainst thai amount we took £716,060 from the hank as security. Wo »:ivc lo Urn people whoso money (hub was tin: ri-ht of yetting their food, payiny their interest, and their rent as before Notes lo thu value ol" £279,00.) have fallen into llu: hands of tho Government and been destroyed, and I ho remainder are beiny destroyed month bv month as they fall into the hands oi the Government, according to I the provisions of tho Act. At this moment there are £79,000 worth of notes out iu cir culation, and we have paid into lite bunk", where, it- is lyinyin a separate account - -not mixed up in any shape or form with thu consolidated revenue — £54, 000, waiting fur tho persons to hand iu their notes and take tlmir sovereigns.. That means that only £24,000 worth of notes are at the present time hold by llu: haul;- -the last, bank t.o re construct—and they will doubUe.-s, iu the I course of a few days, return them to the Treasury, and advance 75 per cent., or per haps 300 per cent., to the depositors upon their current accounts. Meanwhile llro; Govei-imront liokls security in tiro shiqio oi 18,000 sovei ci.gii ;. .SOMETHING ABOUT " RUFFIANLY GK1T1CS." The lion, gentleman who ina.lc (hose charges against tlio Government hud the audacity to i ask what stronger juM ideation could be afforded critics of the A. J. Wilson typo than the cond net of t lie ( lovermnent in i regard lo flies'' mites. L say that it is critic-.: of the A. J. WiU.on type who have damaged the credit of tin: colony : and I say that ruHianly critics iu tho pres.: of the A. J. WiUoii lvpe have h'-eu led by slanders from within this Ibm.-o. (Cheers and fijunUn' cheers.) Tin; statements made by the lion, member for South Sydney last niu'ut were as infamous slanders ayaiust the country as any tiiat hau ever been n-sued. Mr. "WISE: Your part y lived on slanders for t wo years. Sir Gi4lH\GK DIBBS: Me has slandered a certain .-.eel ion ot Hie people ot the country before to-day and he has repented of it, no doubt, iu saekclot h ami a Hies. It lm he a man iu: will stand up and admit that his ehares wore untrue. 1 don't think, how ever, that his statements arc received be- ; yond tho doors of this House with vory great weight. THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT i>IU)IM4K. Now I cnnio Irt Hm real pari; of the firmncirU .statement — (Mr. W'iu:: " Hear, hear")— and when lion, member.: gel. copies of tlie esti mates tlicy will be able to follow me closely in what has been done in regard to tlio financial administration of the colony during Hie years 1592, 93, and ?94. I will invito lion, members, in dealing wit h the accounts for 1692, to rmiiiMnbor tiiat Mr. See, my col- | lca _'ue, when he made his lust financial state ment, estimated the deficit for 1S92 and pre- vious years at about £1,251,000. llhaa sinco been ascertained by the accounts being closed up for 1292 and previous year-) that the de ficit amount.; to £1,299,000. ! intend to deal with rnnuh figuren. When the result of tho administration for 3092, 1591, and back to tho limn when we had an adjustment of accounts by Mr. M'Millau when lie was Treasurer was made We ascertained that there was a de ficiency of £1,299,000, and that is the real start ing point of our ufl'uira at tlie beginning of 1693. WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN. I wii! now go to this present year, with all its troubles, all its sorrows, and with tha ascertained amount of delioit to iu: provided for, and 1 intend to tell hon. members whatl miyiu. have been the result if the Govern mont. had not gone in for retrenchment in the year 1593. Mr. BAR: It would have been £3,000,000 if it had not been for the labor party. »Sir GI4UIIGI4 DIBBS: L will ask lion, members to go with mo into the cxteut of our working account for 1893, and in doing so 1 will commence w uh the dclicit of £1,299,060, und 1 will explain to hum mem bers that however much lite labor and re trenchment parties may claim credit for what they did in this House, the Govern men I. did just throe times as much without! tiie irdluem e of the House at all. Mr. A. ML7TGHISON: You had to do it. Sir G14UHGK. DIBBS: It would require a very much bigger head than tho lion, gentle man's to put t hree pints inru a quart pot» ami the Government realised thai; the stato of ali'airs in this colony was such that no honest. Government- could exist an hour if it did not lake thee ali'airs into their hands and mnic-ulv dual with thum. Mr. O SU LLJ VAX : Wo saw it two years a'"Mr. A. HUTCHISON : Wo could sec that! 12 inoutii-i before. Sir GEO KG K DIBBS : Tlio position at) the beginning of 1693 was this : When Ml. .Sue made his financial statement on January 18 of this year he estimated that he woulu receive a iargcr amount of revenue than wo saw iio was likely to receive when April 18 came round, and we could judge from tho working oi the quarter tlmu just passed. Hon. members will remember my coming down to the House in place of my colleague, Mr. JScc, who had been absent from tho House three or Jour days, ami making a Ministerial slalomont. I said tlie Govern- lm-ut had devoted considerably further time to the revision of the estimates, and that) £260.00) was taken olV the proposed expen diture, as suggested by Mr. fcmu when Iio made his statement iu December or January. THE W0i.LKJ.NG OF 1393. Now I conic lo t'u; working of 1893, and I will ileal with it in a few words. Wo iiavo receive.! for the yar something like £986,000 less tiiaif we received iu the previous year— that is, £956,00') loss of revenue came to out hands in 1693 llian in 1892. That is to say, with the actual amount received «ynd tho amount we estimate we shall receive — made u\j on a low estimate for the last quarter of the year — we shall receive for the present) year, with all its distress, all ils disasters, and all tlie ruin consequent; upon the disasters that- have happened since tlie financial sLilumenl was made — all tho disasters of April ami May last, we have the simple fact t hat the year 1593 yields nearly £1,000,000 sterling less that did the year 1892. Mr. ILA14: I thought that wasa legitimate eked ot protection. (Laughter.) IMLKVlO'uS YEARS' REVENUES. Sir GEORGE DI BBS : In 1890 we received an actual revenue of £9,494,000 ; in 1891 wo received £10,047,000, or an increase of £562.000 ; in 3692 we received a total revenue of £10,508,000. or an increase of £160,000, and now in 1893 we will receive— actual receipts ami estimated receipts — the sum of £9,521.000, or a decrease of £986,000. (" .Hear, hear. ") Now, we estimate the revenue for 1S94 at £9,851,000 —a sum, 1 believe, considerably less than we slta.ll realise, but 1 will leave tho year 1894 for further explanation. This ( lovcnmu'iit. has not had a bed of roses, apart) from ( h'.Mvpeatcd attacks of hem. members opposite and of irritating ellect-s outside, wo have not had a bed of roses, we have boon carrying on the government of this country with a falling iwcmm, ami we did this until we were £1,000.060 short. An Hon. M i:u !;i:n : Hard tinuuj. , Sir GEORGE DIBBS: Very hard times. .. PREVIOUS YEARS' EXPENDITURE. ' Now we cnnio to Uio expenditure for tho year.-; I have mentioned. In 1890 our actual expenditure was £9,1-58,000; in 1891 it was £10,566.680 ; in 1892 it came up'to £11,031,000; ami in 1893, estimated and actual, it will 1)0 £J, 727.000, or a decrease on last year's ex penditure of £1,303,000. (Ghecrs.) Mr. EAE : Thai is tho labor parly— W0 did it. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: L domt care who is to be thanked fur it. Tho facts are that this colony has been aide to save £1,503,000, and we have laid a foundation stone— not only for 1894, but for the vcar.s tiiat will follow-- that; . tin: people of tlie country will liot be unneces sarily t a-Xed. Mr. RKID: 44 Hear, hoar." Sir GEORGE D1RBS: J f lion, members will help the Government. Mr. NOUNG: \Yc thought wo were going to Ik: taxed into prosperity. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: Those who arc cheering opposite dun t help us m the direc tion 1 iiey should do. but. they are working up taxation i hat will lax litem out; of their p.» utiom W hen v.o saw at the beginning of 1693 that I he revenue for the year was simplv failing off by iho earl load, if I may say so, ve put our Uuive: deeply in) o tho cxpeudil ure. of ike. country, 'and, as 1 said when I. made the slulemeiit on April 18, wo inlciided to a-;k 1 he House to volea reduc tion of £250.009 on the estimates. Mr. SYDNEY SMITH: How could wo pnsnibly believe that Sir GEORGE DIRRS: Nut only have wo saved this £1,303,000, but wemv pulling the j!ou$u in a position lo save )7>r 1894 a further sum of £100,000. if 1 he revenue erases tlio Government wiil not be able to spend, but wo have not attempted to buy voles, wo have not attempted to placate friemks by giving money. We 1»:lvo r<-i'u:wd right ami hut to give'mouey to friends and foes alike, simply because the money was not, coming iu for us to spend. That is a principle ol honesty wil-h regard to t he Government ad ministration which is olf-erced by private individuals. A RESULT NEVER BEFORE ATTEMPTED. Ve have produced a tv mil never heforo attempted, iu this country, and I hope that whoever comes after us, though i fear a cer tain elans may come in some day that will bring back al! the old extravagances of tho pas t. Me. MILLER: Not. likely. Sic GEORGE 1)1 1'.DS : Tiroy iiiny come ill, lull wo liuvu ilmro tiro- i i'zlil iliii>.n tW our successors, if limy lit 1 ciii it lo curry out our ret reiroliiiien!, if limy will copy llro ccono- oiieul (iiimiuislDiUon wlii.-ii Iris cliai aelcrisud 1 his (,'ovi'i'iu.roul. ( M inislei'ial drools.) Mr. I'AE : Ap:uT from puyinu interest. THE YEAR'S EXI'KN I UTUUE. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: Our expcmiitiiro I'm- 1303, (icliuil iitui (si.iiiuil i;J, is £0,315,000, lliouiqi I'lii'liiioicnL ;_i:( v.: \is for iliis year an ii j iproj ti'iiition Dill covi'sin:; IB U, OA), 000. 'J ho cxpciiilit.ure shows lint llro Government, i>y their retrenchment, have none their duly, and have carried out the promise \ 1 1 ; . y made uti April 33 last. Tho .ibiii.:c gave us authority to spend tlio . larue amount I have slated, and we kept tho actual expenditure down to £9.245,000, plus two other items of £ 1 1 5,680 -- £;:l),00l) oE which we: a .statutory amount duo to municipalities, and £65.009 due ii> munici palities as :q>eoial vet es, ..imply because of the amount oi di.sties-; existing in thoso municipals ies and t he I lovcruim nl t bought) the municipalities were the best aut iinriticj to .spend that, money. THE X14T RESULT OF 1693. 1 have mentioned that amount, ol £113.000 because I have not yet told the llou.se what the remit of 1695 work will turn out, and X haw no dmibl, jud'/ing from the remarks of my lion, friend opposite, Mr. Reid, or of my hoary friend, Kir Henry Bailees, or of tho lam. member lor South Sydney, that llu Hume wiil be quite prepared to learn that theic i.; a d< ticiency for 1895 of something like a million .sterling as a result of liio trouble,: we have gone throU'-di. During tho years 16.92 and 3893 no Jess than (.4 hanks, linancial institutions and building societies have conic lo grief, ami if .1 eanu? down and told the Hou.m: that the dclicit. for 1093 was a million I should expect, to hear a cheer. 1 will, however, tell tin: House this — that beside the enormous rum less than this I louse gave author;! y lor, we were culled upon, apart from He de pression consequent on financial misioi i line, to advance £50,131), hc.Jdc the £'.'-5.050, to municipalities l" help Uicm in nq-Hrim; damages done: to bridges ami roads by llu. ids. That was an unexpected item, ami one which iu» Treasurer could forc ast. Then wo were called upon to pay £20,(-Uu fur further into- lest., tin: result of moneys which eanc to the funded sloe!;, £29,600 To provide, fond for the unemployed, and in addition to unex pected payments amounting to £125,29(3 1 abbvu the ordinary expenses of the year, yet in Hpite of all the disaster and ruin, financial and otherwise, in spite of all the special votes, in spite of all the unexpected things that have happened, instead of having a deficit of £1,000,000 for 1893,. it will be the paltry sum of . £201,000. (Ministerial cheers.) This is a matter in which party spirit should be dropped for the time, even if it bo only for five minutes. A DEFICIT OF £201,000. Wc have kept the deficit for the year down to £201,000 in spite of all the unexpected disbursements we were called on to make, by the act of God and Providence. (Laughter.) If there had been no floods, no unemployed, and so on, instead of a deficit of £201,000 there would have been only about £10,000. It shows the wonderfully recuperative powers of the colony, that wc have been able to achieve so favorable a result. I aui not going to weary the House by telling them how we saved a jienny here or a pound there. It is sufficient to show what we have done during the year, under circumstances more trving than a Government ever had before. >Ve will have have no Government coming down hero in the future and trying to devise means for spending money. In the past Treasurers have had the moneys provided by the Land »Sales by Auction Fund, but our experience has been that wc have had to look twice before we spent £1. Our duty has been to administer the people's money — .to teach tlie people to live within their in come ; and if the effect of all the trials and misfortunes that have passed over our heads during the last 12 months is to bring us to a soberer way of looking at the expenditure of public money an enormous good will result. (Cheers.) I don't think that any Govern ment will ever come down in future with glowing and flushing sheets of proposed votes. Those things are matters of the past — liko tombstones that stand up to mark what was. We have in the past unneces sarily and extravagantly — I am not speaking of auy particular Government— carried on the affairs of the country, simply because money came easily, not only from our own people by way of revenue, but from that un fair. unjust, inequitable sale of the public lands of the country. (Cheers.) And also tecause the people at home, who take a great interest in our affairs — as well they might, for we owe them about £57,000,000 — they awoke to the fact that if New South Wales, or any other portion of the colonies, required money for public purposes they must reform their method of administration —retrench and become ccon6mieal, and es tablish a different rule in dealing with the money that had been so freely showered on them, by making some provision for liquidat ing their debts. (Cheers.) THE DEFICIT TO BE PROVIDED FOR. That £201,000, with the deficit already ex isting, makes altogether £1,500,000 to be covered in some shape or other, and I am perfectly certain that the House is not pre pared, on the eve of a general election, to propose taxation to cover all that sum. Not even the most ardent land taxer is prepared to take it out of the people's pocket in the farm taxation which will give the money, even in two or three years. Mr. RAE : We are, if you give us a show. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : We have £1,500.000 to provide for before we can begin the reduc tions of 1894. THE SINKING FUND. Now there is a very good principle which lias been established, and as wc find that a scheme carried out by the Treasurer of the Parkes Government of making a sinking fund ir proceeding so satisfactorily (laughter) that r by the end of this year £600,000 will have been paid into it — I propose to carry out that principle and establish a sinking fund to cover the £1,500,000, by £50,000 a year, which shall- be made a first charge on the revenue of 1894. and will go. steadily on at the same rate till liquidation. A sum of not less than £50,000 a year will be provided for ; &s; inuch more as the careful administration of the finances will give. That will put us in the position of having first £1,900,000 of the old £2,500,000 deficit unpaid, which is covered by Treasury bill3, which are taken up practically by the trust funds in the hands of the Government. We have fur ther trust funds in our hands, and propose to issue Treasury bills as the money is re quired, and deposit them for the use of fur ther trust funds, in the same manner as the Treasurer of -the Parkes Government did. We are not going to leave that £1,500,000 ghost to stare us in the face. (Cheers.) We make provision first in 1894 by setting aside £50,000 in liquidation of it, and so far we cover our deficiency debt by a sinking fund of practically £200.000 a year. Mr. HOUGHTON : Are you going to car- mark any of that? Sir GEORGE DIBBS : I'd like to ear mark the hon. member. (Laughter.) wo propose to extend the operation of the Act passed by Mr. M'Millan, and provide as a special charge on 1894 this £50,000, and as much more as wc can save ; and I am perfectly certain it will be satisfactory to the House, As the money is required wo shall issue Treasury bills, for which we shall ask tiic House this session to give authority. THE FUND MUST BE ESTABLISHED. When I introduced the bill m the House I said I would show where the £250,000 was coming from which it was proposed to take under it and set aside. Under any circum stances, whether there was revenue or not, wo must establish that mnking fund if we in tend to maintain our position and carry on a great scheme of financial reform, in which the future of this country is deeplyjnvolved. It will he remembered that a sinking fund is no new thing in this House. The first Minis ter, who proposed it was Mr. M'Millan (and he had my support in doing so) for £150,000. The next, also brought forward by the Parkes Government, was in con nection with a special vote of £1,000,000 to the Railway Commissioners, on 30 years' debentures, for certain works. The vote was given on condition that a sinking fund should be established by the commissioners and bo a first charge. What I propose now is to do this : Make a gross sinking fund on the public debt proper, as apart from the deficiency I have already referred to, of £250,000 a year; and taking the £75,000 we have already on the same principle, as intro duced by ' Mr. M'Millau, that leaves £175,000 in 1894, which, with what is already in existouce, makes a quarter of a million. An Hon. Member : Where will it come from ? Sir GEORGE DIBBS : Out of the sinking fund. Mr. M'MILLAN : Does the lion, member wnnt to debate this sinking fund proposal in the financial discussion ? # Sir GEORGE DIBBS : I don't care when it is discussed. As I said before, I leave it to hon. members' own discretion. It is only nflcessarv for mo now to show- whom tho money is to come from, and that is why I had the debate adjourned. If the Govern ment look upon this as au absolute necessity for our existence. It is fortunate for us no doubt, and in 1894\ve should have a wcll- carried-out scheme of retrenchment, and which will bo continued in 1894. An Hon. Member : Do you mean tho existence of the country or the Government. (Laughter). Sir GEORGE DIBBS : Hon. members on that side can put the Government out when they are able. (Cheers.) But when they go before their constituents and this proposal is put before the people, to make provision for our debts by retrenchment and economy, it will have the approval of the people. (Cheers,) THE REVENUE OF 1894. Wo estimate the revenue of 1894 at £9,971.000, and that includes no new taxa tion. (Cheers.) Mr. RAE: More shame for you. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : This is not a time to ask tho people of this country, ufter the v long and dolorous speeches wo have heard \ here to day — this is not the time to go to the people who are starving (cheers) and put our hauds in their pockets for more taxation. (Cheers.) And I say that this is not the House to do it. Mr. M'MILLAN: What about native industries? An Hon. Member : A land tax. Mr. RAE: What about plundering the people? oir ei'joauiii bibjjs: xne taxation lor .the year 1894 will amount to £2,965,000. Then there will be land sales, £2,106,000; railways and services rendered, £4,519,000 ; general and miscellaneous receipts, £260,000 ; or a total revenue of £9,821,000. And we propose to super add to that two items, for which the House will be asked to pass the necessary bills. NEW TAXATION. It is proposed to make a technical altera tion in the stamp and probate duties, which will reacli properties owned by persons in the colony, but registered out of it, such as Broken-hill shares and finals, that are not registered here, and are consequently exempt. Mr. CANN : You promised that long ago. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : Well, now I'm giving it to you. It isn't a new bill or form of taxation, but it is to cover items which it is desirable should conic within the taxation scale, but which were not thought of when the Stamp Duties Bill was promoted. I am perfectly certain that the House will not think twice about granting it. (Cheers.) IUVER TOLLS ON THE DARLING. Then, on the strong recommendation of the Railway Commissioners, we propose to im pose tolls oil the Darling River, and by tlmt means get on to our own railways the traffic that legitimately belongs to this colony. (Cheers.) We have spent enormous sums of money in making railways for the accommo dation of people there, 'and tens, nay, hun dreds of thousands in keeping open a river to run in opposition to our railways, with this result, that we are working the railways almost at a loss aud allowing traffic to go by the ri?cr route we have created to destroy our own railways. In this way we expect to get £90.000, or £75,000, which the commis sioners estimate wc shall get for more rail way traffic, and £15,000 for lolls. That is all the extra income for 1894. Mr. SHELDON : Can I ask you a ques tion? Sir GEORGE DIBBS: No. (Laughter.) An Hon. member : You won't get the tolls and the traffic too. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : If wc don't get the tolls we'll get the traffic. A SURPLUS. That will give us for 1894 £9,971,000, and we propose on the other side that of expendi ture, taking the services all through, to pay out £9,629,000. We propose to set aside £250,000 as a sinking fund (less the £75,000 wc already have, and there is the £50,000 of sinking fund to which 1 referred earlier. So that on a moderate estimate that will leave us with a surplus of £117,000. Resumption of land. That surplus of £117,000 will only be brought about by the strictest economy and the sharpest form of retrenchment, and by the Government, from tho moment of their com ing into office, having abstained, from the resumption of public lands which were un necessary in the interests of the country. If this Government had gone on during the last two years buying up every foot of land to be obtained in the colony, whether it was wanted or not, relieving every citizen who wanted relief, there would not have been a shilling in the coders to-day, and we should, have been landed in absolute ruin. When the late Government wont out of office, the . colony was on the high road to ruin, and it could not have carried on for three months under those circumstances. Tho Govern ment of which Mr. M'Millan and Mr. Bruce .Smith were tronsurcrs added to tho public debt, by the purchase of land in and around i Sydney, an amount of £1,250,000, upon which the poor unemployed and tho tax- lULvnrs \vm-r» lwviiwr -fldO flOH n. vmvr nnrl from wiiiuli the country \vtis not. receiving any appreciable return. As a matter of euri- j osity X sent to the Treasury before I came to the House to-nigh c, and obtained figures which will show how closely Mr. M'Millan followed in the footsteps ot his late chief. My hon. friend, Sir. M'Millan, let us in for property at Woolloomooloo, for which the country paid £150,000, the interest on which is £4000 a year, but for which we are only receiving annually a return of £800. (Minis terial cheers.) One block of land cost £65,000, and we are only getting 50s a week lor it. Mr. M 'MIT. LAN : You had better say that Parliament passed the Act. Sir GEORGE JHI5B.S: That is where Parliament can ho led by a bad Government. (Laughter.) If Parliament is responsible for everything, there is no Government responsi bility at all. Who put the proposal before Parliament, and who resumed the land? (Ministerial cheers.) All this land was taken by this very constitutional Government, who cram constitutional principles down our throats ad nauseam. AN UNCONSTITUTIONAL ACT. These gentlemen who are strongly imbued with constitutional principles think nothing of spending a quarter of a million of money, and asking Parliament for their approval when it lias been done. Mr. M'MILLAN : That is not true. This is what you call a non-party debate. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: A iinaucial state ment a non-party debate, indeed ! Mr. BARTON : I tried very hard to get out of those purchases. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: The items alto gether make up a million and a quarter, and when tlie late Government involved the colony in this enormous expenditure, and laid upon our shoulders £4,500,000 of liabilities, which we had to carry out or repudiate, they sneaked out of office over the Coal-mining Bill. Mr. M'MILLAN : The Government were not committed until the Act was passed by Parliament. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : That is not so in regard to tho land resumed at Woolloo mooloo. Mr. M'MILLAN : I say Parliament gave its sanction before tho land was resumed. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : If you enter upon lands under tho Resumption Act, the Parlia ment must pay tlie piper afterwards. Mr. M'MILLAN: That land was not re sumed until the Act was passed. Sir G150RGE DIBBS : If that is the case I will relievo my hon. friend of any further responsibility then of suggesting to tlie House tho resumption of land not required in the interests of this colony. But who came down with tho_ proposal to expend this quarter of a million for purposes not re quired, but simply acquired because of tlie restless mind which tlie head of tlie Govern ment lmd for grasping and accumulating everything? Mr. M'MILLAN: And you voted for it.' (Laughter.) Sir GEORGE DIBBS : I have no doubt I did. (Laughter.) I will take that upon the lion, member's statement. Mr. M'MILLAN : You want to create the impression that we took it first, and got the sanction of Parliament afterwards. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : I understand you did. Mr. M'MILLAN : I say wc were not com mitted as vou are to the New Caledonia cable. ("Hear, hoar.") Mr. BARTON : There is a great difl'crence between £2000 a year and £1,000,000. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : I am bringing this up because we have been told Sb much about constitutional Government. . This Govern ment took office on the distinct understand ing that we should not resume a foot of land anywhere, because the country had already resumed more land than it could pay for. We did not pay £16,000 for laud tor the Rossiville Lunatic Asylum for which we could not now get £6000. (Ministerial "Hear, hears.") AVOIDING ALL TEMPTATIONS. What 1 want to point out is that this Go vernment have brought tho expenditure for 1893-94 within lines that can be honestly handled, because we have avoided tlie temp tations of our predecessors of spending enormous sums ot money. The public dobt of this colony is £59,000,000. It is time to make some provision to liquidate that in the interest of the future. But I should first like to say something more about the land resumptions at Woolloomooloo Bay. Tho country paid £82,000 for laud at the foot of Erskinc-street, for which wo now get £1815 a year, and which uctually costs us iu inte rest £3500 annually. Mr. WILLIS : Another syndicate. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : I don't see any syndicate about it at all. I am only liointing out that this colony ill the past k«»u unt". nnlv Immi flVf.t'/lviKrnnh in ot-rUimru administration, but grossly extravagant in regard to laud resumptions, and Unit we cannot bo perpetually going to the London market for financing of this kind. And this Government are not going to the London market for one penny for these purposes ('' Hear, hear.") That is one of the lines drawn between the financial administration of tho two Governments. The present Go vernment have not expended one penny in that direction, and have dono very little by which the public indebtedness of this colony is increased. (" Hear, hear.") Mr. RAE : Wo kept your nose to the grindstone. (Laughter.) THE QUESTION OP RETRENCH- MENT. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : For 1894, after pro viding for that £450,000 of deficiency and for the ear-inarking and tlie sinking fund, we propose to have a surplus of £117,000 by the lino of policy we have adopted. I am per fectly satisfied that hon. members will see that the question of _ retrenchment lias not with us been a question of iip-scrvieo, but that for 1894, as for 1893, retrenchment lias been actual and real. There is now no further question for the consideration of lion, members, though I have not exhausted all the material I have been provided with. BORROWING TO CEASE. But I would liko to say a few words in re gard to tho actual direct result of tho finan cial reform which this Government intend to carry out in connection with the ear- marking hi'minsiil!) mill lllfi establishment of t_lu» in£ fund. Hon. members must sec tlie great advantages that will aceruo to this colony from making these provisions. First of nil, it forces upon the House, and not less upon the Government, the neces sity for true economy in tlie expendi ture. In the next place, it will enable us to keep off the London money market. As a gentleman said to me, " When is this interminable borrowing to cease V The scheme of the Government in regard to the finances generally, and tho ear-marking and sinking fund in particular, are all links in the chain leading to this consummation. Then, perhaps, ufter 12 months, and cer tainly after two years, I .can see my way never to borrow on the English money market again, except for the consolidation of the existing loans, or for renewing loans us they come due. An Hon. Memiikk : How is it done ? Sir GEORGE DIBBS: No matter how it is done. I can see my way, by careful ex penditure and economy here, to place this colony in tho happy position that New Zea land is in to-day, when, if we waiit money, wc can borrow it within the colony, and not go to the London money market for another j shilling, except the two and a half millions ! for Treasury bills, which will come due in 18 j months or two years. I A 5 PER CENT. INDEBTEDNESS. | By keeping o(l the London money market it means that in the course of four or five y ars we shall be enabled to consolidate our public | debt on a 3 per cent, basis, and save annually . an expenditure of £800,000, or something approximate to that. ("Hear, hoar.") That ' is tlie ultimutc end of our financial scheme, i One good season and the whole deficiency may evaporate in a mnmonl, if only the j Government will be strong enough to resist: tlie demands made on the public purse by the lion, members in the House itself. The House itself must assist any Government to effect economy. My trouble with hou. mem bers has been to resist their applications, which I have sometimes done iu a manner perhaps not more polite than was necessary. But all these things must end. ("Hear, liear.M) THE GOOD TIME COMING. Retrenchment must be carried out, and this Government has led tlie way ; and that being done the colony will rise from the depression liko the phoenix from its ashes, and will resume a continuous course of pro gress and success. We have had disaster and misfortune, and our people have been in want of employment, but all these troubles have been borno with a patience and en durance that reflects credit upon the country, and proves the pcoplo true to their national character. The country is not in danger of rebellion or revolution, and never will be. ("Hear, hear.") The people are loyal to the laws under which they live, and to tho, Con stitution which gives them their political life. (" Hear, hear.") But the people will sec the necessity for watching more carefully their expenditure in future, and for working harder than in the past, and they will then soon regain their financial buoyancy. While the people have borne their troubles in patience they have had an immense amount of suffering to endure, j TWO GOOD SEASONS. While nearly every financial institution has changed its character, there has yet been one good feature of the times, and that is that we have had good seasons in this colony for the last year or two. That will tend enormously to this colony stepping to the front, thanks to the policy or the present Government. ("Hear, hear.") I will give tlie freetraders a touch while 1 am about it. , cultivation, tlie extension being something like 40 per cent, in two years. That land is bearing a magnificent harvest. The wool clip is the finest we have ever had in tho colony, and though prices arc low it is, along with the abundant harvest, having its beneficial effect on thecountry. That, with the change in the financial position or the State, will enable the colony to turn the corner, and wc can see now that great progress is in store for it in the future. (" Hear, hear.") THE BANK ISSUE ACT. The question has been raised during tlie last few days regarding the policy of the Govern ment in respect to the Bank Issue Act. I am not going to tell you what that did for this country, or the extent of disaster it averted. The interesting question has arisen at this stage, will that proclamation which was issued for the reconstruction of the banks and for the benefit of those which did not reconstruct bo carried on or not? Will it be necessary, in tlie interests of the colony, to extend the operations of that Act? Now, I think the best piece of news that lean give to tlie House, and certainly one that will be received in the country . better than any statement that has been made here for a long time, and certainly one tbat will have the result of increasing the credit of the colony in England, is that the Bank Issue Act will not be renewed. I have been in consultation with the banks, and can state authoritatively that the renewal of the proclamation will not be required. When that proclamation runs out on Novem ber 14 there will be no renewal and the country will stand in tho proud posi tion of having weathered the greatest storm any colony ever bowed under — and it has weathered the storm, thanks to Parliament and the Bank Issue Act. I am in a position to announce to the world that on the day 1 have named — November 14 — New South Wales will resume her specie payments. We have turned the corner of the depression, and New South Wales is on tlie high road to fortune and fame, because of her retrenchment and economy. In providing Jor car-marking certain revenue, and also in establishing a sinking fund to repay our public debt, wc show that our actions are as honest as our intentions. Thanks to Almighty God, the seasons have been so grand that the colony stands to-day in a position unrivalled before the world. (Loud cheers.) Mr. REID, who rose amidst Opposition cheers, said that lie could not congratulate the Premier on tlie success of his extem poraneous statement. It would have been much better, he thought, if tlie hon. gentle man had followed the time-honored custom of .committing the large number of facts ami figures with which he had to ileal to paper. At the same time there was a great ileal in the statement to which he had listened with much satisfaction. It was a matter for very great satisfaction to learn that another million had not been added to tlie deficit. The Premier seemed to feel himsoli aggrieved that anyone should have imagined that there wouid be a deficit, but as a matter of fact, he bad never appeared in the capacity in which he appeared that evening without having a companion of a million deficit. Tlie truth was, however, that the hon. gentleman had still a million deficit round his neck. Looking at page 11 of Ways aud Means iie found a most stnnciiduously gratifying state of tilings. iLe took tlie account ol the lion, gentleman for 1894, and looking at those figures he had no hesitation in saying that never in ah the fields of imagination had a more beautiful fairy tale been compiled. The country was in such a brilliant position that the Premier hud been enabled to add £225,000 to the sinking fund, and yet show a surplus of £117,000. If hon. members would turn back one page they would hud that there was a deficiency of one aud a half millions on December 31, 1893, and that on January 1, 1894, that had entirely disap peared. The hon. member had separated his figures for 1894 from those of the previous year. He had brought forward tlie deficiency from 1891 and 1892, and charged it iu an accumulated form against the year 1893. Upon reference to the statement of 1891 hon. members would find a similarly remarkable example of the keeping of public accounts. The Government had an object to serve in making the accounts of '91 look us black as they could, just as they had au object to day in making the accounts for '94 look as bright as they possibly could ; and just to show the feats of accountancy of which the gentlemen on the Treasury benches were capable, he might point out that after bring ing forward a credit balance in the accounts of '91, amountiug to £47. they immediately proceeded to charge that year into the services of '88, '89, and 90 to the tune of £200,000. Indeed, they went further. There was an Act passed in 1891 to make a certain refund of rents to pastoral lessees, and in- steading of debiting tho account of 1892 (tho year tlie money was actually paid) with the transaction they put it against the accounts of 1891. a proceeding t!io impropriety of which the Auditor-General took occasion to point out in his solemn annual report. Mr. BRUCE SMITH: Tlie Attorney- General said that tho money would have to bo paid in 1891. Mr. REID : What be wanted to know was the sort of deception that would bo practised upon tho people of the country and tho financiers of London if a cablegram was sent to England to the effect that the Treasury anticipated a surplus of so many hun dred thousand pounds in 1894, and there was no surplus whatever, but, on the other hand, a large deficiency? with regard to the Premier's proposal to ear mark certain portions of the revenue, all he could say was that tlie lion, member was trying to make the people of England boliove that by setting apart a portion of tlie revenue he was giving them better security than they already possessed in the whole of the country's assets. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : It is a first charge, Mr. REID : That was how a bankrupt talked. The oar-marking of the revenue was for tho supposed benefit of credi tors from whom wc had borrowed ill the past — creditors who believed that their securities were represented by the entire revenue of the. country, and not of those from whom we were going to borrow in the future. With regard to the sinking fund, it was absurd, with a deficiency of one ami a half millions, to talk of putting a miartcr of a million aside. They might well wonder how lie was going to do it, especially when he promised that he was not going to lay the hand of the taxgathercr upon anybody's shoulder. Tho hon. gentleman was certainly no protectionist. Let them take tho present position of affairs into consideration. It was strange that they had not heard a word about this loan, which had been such a wonderful financial success. If the loan hud been sucli a great success, it would not have made much difference to the 4 per cents, of tlie colony. On tho 28th September, the day before the loan was floated, this colony's 4 per cents, were quoted at 105 ; within a week afterwards these stocks had fallen to 101\. The loan was floated in September, and the bonds bore interest from July 1, and the colony paid charges amounting, in the case of this' loan, to £1 7s lOu per cent., an enormous umouut to pay. lie now cumc to another subject, the one on which the hou. member for Balmaiu (Mr. G. 1). Clark) had moved the adjournment of the House that afternoon. When he heard the Premier stand up and glorify his Govern ment for spending £20,000 for bread for the unemployed, lie thought it was about time that they took some other moans. Was there an hon. member there who would not admit that the policy of Governments in the past had been to spend a large amount of loan moneys on public works, and to bring a lot of working men here from tho cither colonies, and now by tho cessation of public works those men had been thrown out of employment. The Government bad iiilro- ' duced legislation lo help the banks and to . help the merchants, and now thev could do ; suinetliing to help the unemployed, j Mr. 1TASSALL : Well, what can we do ? I Mr. REID: They could take a few lines | out of tlmt long list of works passed by tlie ; Public Works Committee and also by Par- i'iirvmunt, and they could begin by raising a I loan. There were works of undoubted utility which would repay the money expended upon them and advance the progress of the 1 country, lit giving work t.o tlie unemployed lie would begin with the oldest residents of the colony. (" Hear, hear.") Mr. WILLLS: You are a protectionist. Mr. REID: No ; lie was a freetrader, but be was not a freetrader in llesh and blood. He would give employment according to the ; length or time that a man had been a resident of the country. He would then first give employment to the married men, and he M'otild let the new chums take the brunt of finding employment in the country. He suggested that it was surely possible to select works of undoubted safety on which to give some at least of our surplus labor a chance of employment. He did not want to sec this cancer growing up in our midst, for when a man could not get work and his family were starving the best man iu the world might become a criminal. (" Hear, hear.") Mr. CANN : Hear, hear. Mr. REID said that Mr. Cann had saved tlie Government several times from ship wreck. (Opposition cheers.) Mr. CANN : Mr. Reid would not help liiiu to put a butter lot of incn there, but now wanted his (Mr. Catni's) help. Mr. REID: He did not want anyone to help him in that way. He was only asking help to bring the Government to a sense of their duty. (Cheers.) Did not lion, mem hers know that if to-morrow he brought forward a vote of censure on tho Govern ment on this unemployed question, lie could carry it? (Cheers.). But tlie Government, having done what they iiad done, could simply prorogue Parliament, and snap their fingers in tlie faces of the House. give the men bread. Mr. REID: The hon. member could only flourish in a scrimmage. (Cheers.) He asked tlie Government to do in this what they did with regard to the Bank Issue Act — ask those who could give them advice to meet them in Cabinet. He had been asked to introduce a deputation to the Government on the matter, but took no steps pending the delivery of the statement. He intended to ask the Premier to appoint a time to receive it, however, and he urged members to join the deputation, irrespective of all party considerations, simply out of a desire to improve tlie wretched state of affairs that existed, to approach the ; Government with a hope that, some works would bo established tlmt would lead to relief. He suggested that tlie Government might be able to employ a number of men who could work luilf a week each if there was not enough work to employ them all regularly. (Cheers.) He placed his services in this purpose at the disposal of the Government in an earnest spirit, and sincerely hoped that this Parliament would adopt some rational, cautious, aud useful metliod of providing work for the unfortunate men who needed it. (Cheers.) Mr. M'MILLAN said though he was not prepared at that moment to criticise the statement closely, he thought it would be found a statement of clever bookkeeping rather than of fact. He pointed out that there were no details available of tlie sav ings, and that according to the method of account-keeping in vogue those savings could not be taken to the credit of- this year. They must be included in tho savings of 1894. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: No. Mr. M'MILLAN: The statement was one of figures purely, and if the forecast of Sir George Dibbs could be carried out he would be delighted, though, not having the details before Jiiiu, and anticipating that the' Supplementary Estimates would probably add considerably to the expenditure, lie feared that the net result expected would not be realised. He suggested that before the debate was resumed a plain statement of the savings should be circulated among members ("Hear, hear.") Regretting thai Sir George Dibbs hud imported unnecessary references to resumptions into his statement, Mr. M'Millan said that Woolloomooloo Bay , was resumed in viewthat the foreshore should not be alienated, and at a time when values were low enough to warrant the operation. Woolloomooloo was one of the finest harbor frontages in the port to-day. But be did not. wish to drag in these party elements. He iioped the expectations of the hon. member wuiild be realised, though be thought lie had overdrawn the roseate state of affairs that was to bo experienced. The hon. gentleman was certainly out in his belief that we could do without, again resorting to the London money market. Wo must continue our rail way system— (" Hear, hear")— and as the traffic developed and population increased millions of money would have to bo ex pended to expand the facilities of the exist ing lines. Let them be sensible, aud above all things show tlie British public that we intended to create an equilibrium in our accounts, for after doing that we could reduce our indebtedness by means of our surpluses. He would, suggest that the debate upon the statement, should be now ad journed. (" Hear, hear.") Sir GEORGE DIBBS would agree to the adjournment. He was much surprised at the proposal of the leader of tlie Opposition in regard to, relief works. He would have thought that he had seen enough of the system in tlie past. Mr. REID : I mean nothing of that sort. Sir GEORGE DIBBS : The leader of the Opposition was playing pretty low down when lie advocated the dismissal of all aliens from the civil service. Mr. REID: I said I would not give them the preference. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: We were on the eve -of an election, and the hon. member had piayed about as low as he could to secure voles. Mr. REID : That won't get votes. Sir GEORGE DIBBS: The lion, member should take the trouble to rbatl his speech to-morrow as it Appeared in tho press, and tlie same remark would apply to Mr. M'Millan. He would consent to the debate being adjourned until Wednesday next, and would also see that any information those hou. members, or any other members, wanted and were entitled to, should be supplied. Mr. M'MILLAN : Wluit is the actual state of the revenue ? Is it about the same as on October 1 ? Sir GEO KG E DIBBS : I will give the lion, member the next time wc meet all the infor mation he wauls. ("Hear, hear.") Progress was then reported, and leave given t.o sit again. 