Queer Ainu Customs. When the Ainu meet, they rub their hands together in a peculiar manner which is meant to pass on blessings to each other. They continue to do this for a considerable amount of time. Then they stroke their beards, making a curious rumbling sounds in their throats, and again rub their fingers and palms together, after which the beard is once more stroked and the business of the interview begins. The women behave in a still more curious manner. They do not salute their own Bex at all, but are extremely respectful to the men, covering their eyes and looking down on the ground when they pass a male acquaintance or even a male stranger. On entering a hut where a man is, a woman first of all removes her head-dress and hangs it on her left arm. She then brushes back her front hair, ยก and covers her mouth with her right hand. All this is preliminary. When she sees that the man deigns to look at her, Bhe draws the right index finger acroBS the left palra, up the left arm to the shoulder, thence acroBS the face beneath the nose, and so round backward behind tbe ears. When Ainu, especially Ainu women, meet after a separation that bas lasted some time, they hive a pretty way of telling each other their experiences in a sort of chant, and in tbe pleasantest sound of their singularly sweet voices one forgets their wild and unkempt looks. The Japanese women are equally remarkable for the sweetness of their voices, but have the advan- tage over their Ainu sisters of delicate and dainty ways, the charm of which the most stolid globe- trotter is constrained to own. If the women of Ainumoshiri, as the Ainu call their land, are the drudges of the men in their youth and middle age, their opportunity for revenge comes with the lapse of years. The curseB of an angry old woman excite the utmost terror in the bravest'bear- hunter. He flies panic-struck from such names as Bhunuma-ash (mangy deer), tontoneppo (bald-pated boar) or, worst of all, rai-guru (corpse), or inaosak- guru (godless fellow). After death her ghost is regarded with even deeper dread. 