u By MISS M. E. BR ADD Oil, Author of "Lady Audley'a Secreb," "The Venetians, or All in Honor," "Aurora Floyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Just as I Am," "Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," " Weavers and V/efc," &c.;, <ic. [Published by special arrangement; with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVII.—( Continued,.] Nor was companionship ever wanting. Martin Disney devoted himself to her with an unfailing patience. Upon no pretence would he leave her for more than half an hour at a time—just the space of a walk to the Hill of Gardens, or the length of the Via de' Oondotti and the Corso; just the space of a cigar in the loggia. He read to tier, he talked to her, he waited upon her. Tabitha and he were her only nurses ; for Liittc'nen was a young woman of profound concentration of motive and had early taken unto herself the motto, One baby, one nurse, ijjhe conscientiously performed her duty to her infant charge, but she rarely lifted a finger to help anyone else. It was drawing fcowaids the end of July; the weather had been lovely hitherto—hot, aud very hot, but not insupportable for those who could afford to dawdle and sleep away their midday and afternoon existence—who had horses to carry them about in the early mornings and a carriage to drive them in moonlit gardens and picturesque places. In the suburbs of the great city, across the arid Campagna yonder, at Tivoli,. aud Fraseati, and Albauo, and Castel Gan dolfo, people had been revelling in the fulness of the summer, living under Jove's broad roof, with dancing and sports, and music and feast ing, and rustic innocent kisses snatched amidst the darkness of groves whose only lamps are fireflies—deep woods of ilex, where the nightin gale sings long and late and the grasshopper trills his good-night through the perfumed herbage. Here in Rome the heat was more oppressive, and the splashing of the city's many fountains was the only relief from the glare and dazzle of the piazzas, the vivid whiteness of the great blocks of houses in the new streets and boule vards. Blinds were lowered and shops were shut in the blinding noontide heat, and through the early afternoon the eternal city was almost as silent and reposeful as the sleeping beauty—to awaken at sundown to movement and life, and music and singing, in lighted streets and crowded cafes. Suddenly, in the dim grey of the morning, the slumberous calm of summer changed to howling wind and tropical rain—torrential rain that fell in sheets of water and filled every gutter and splashed from every house top, and ran in wild cascades from every alley on the steep hillsides. The Campagna was one vast lake, illumined with vivid flashes of light ning, and the thunder pealed and reverberated along the lofty parapets of the ruined aque ducts. The tall cypresses in the Pinciun Gardens b6nt like saplings before that mighty wind, which seemed to : howl and shriek it3 loudest as it came tearing down from the hill • to whisble and rave among the housetops in the [ Piazzi di Spagna. ! "One would think the gho3t of Nero were shrieking in the midst of the tempest," said' Isola. as she .listened, to the fitful sobbing of the ■ wind late in the dull grey afternoon, while her husband andFatherRodwelljsat nearher Couch, keeping up that sad pretence of cheerfulness which love struggles to maintain upon the very edge of the grave—the broken-hearted make-believe of those who know that death waits at the door. "Hark!" she oried. "There comes a shrill cry every now and then like the scream of a wicked spirit in pain." "Rome is full of ghosts," answered the priest, "but there are the shadows of the good and the great as well as of the wicked. "Walk ing alone in twilight ^on the Aventine I should hardly be surprised to meet the spirit of.Gregory the Great wandering amidst the scenes or his saintly life; nor do I ever go into the Pan theon at dusk without half expecting to see, the shade of Raffaelle. And there are others' —some I knew in the flesh—Wiseman and Antonelli, Gibson, the sculptor, consummate-' artist and gentlest of men—yes, Rome is ful; of the shadows of the good and the wise. One can afford to put up with Nero." "You don't mean me to think that you be lieve in ghosts 5" asked Isola deeply interested. It was only five o'clock, yet the sky was grey with the greyness of late evening. Here ia this land of light and sunshine there had been all day long the brooding gloom of storm clouds and a sky that was dark as winter. "I won't analyse my own feelings on the subject; I will quote the word3 of a man at whose feet it was my happiness to sit some times when I was a lad at Oxford. Canon Mozley has not shrunk fram facing the great problem of spiritual life in this world—of an invisible after-existence upon the earth when the body ia dust under the sod. 'Is the mother of our iLord now existing?' he asks, and answers, 'Yes. I believe that all fathers, mothers, bous, and daughters are now existing. Nature has disposed of their bodies as far as we can trace her work, but their souls remain. So I read in Homer, in Virgil, aud in the New Testament. This existence, I am permitted to believe, is a conscious and active existence.' Canon Mozley, the man who wrote those words and much more in the same strain, was not an idle visionary. If he could afford to believe in the presence of the dead among us, why so can L And I believe that Gregory the Great has whispered at the ear of many a holy father in the long line of his successors, and has influenced many a cardinal's vote, and has been an invisible pow6r in many a council." "I like to believe in ghosts." said Isola gentiy. "But I thank God those that I love are still in this life." She held out her hand with a curiously timid gesture to her husband, who clasped it ten derly, bending his lips to kiss the pale thin fingers. Oh, Death, pity and pardon are so interwoven with thine image that neither pride nor anger has any force against thy softening influence. She had been false. She had wronged him and dishonored herself, cruelly, cruelly, most cruelly; but she had suffered and repented and she was passing away from him. Let the broken spirit pass in peace, let the fainting soul depart in an atmos phere of love. That day wore itself out in storm and tempest and the night came on like a fierce death-struggle; and the wind raved and shrieked at intervals all through the night; and again next day there were gloom and darkness and a sky heaped up with great lead colored clouds; and again the torrential rain streamed from the housetops and plashed in the streets below; a dreary day to be endured even by the healthy and the happy—a day of painful oppression for an invalid. Isola's spirits sank to the lowest depth and for the first time since Allegra's marriage she talked hopelessly of their separation. "If I could only see her once more before I die," she sighed. "My beloved, you shall see her as soon as the railway can bring her here. Remember, it is you who have forbidden me to send for her. You know how dearly she loves you—how will ingly she would come to you. I'll telegraph to her within half an hour." "No, no, no," Isola protested hurriedly. "No. wb can never meet again in this world. I took my farewell of her in the chureh. I meant it to be farewell. I was'-Very happy for her sake when I saw her married to the man she loved. It wa3 a selfish repining that made me ask for her just now. I would ■ not have her summoned here for worlds. She is so happy at Venice—happy in her honey moon dream. Tell her nothing, Martin— nothing till you can tell her that my days have ' ended peacefully. She has borne her burden for me in the past. I want her to be free from all care about me—but not to forget me." " She will not forget, Isola. She loves you fondly and truly." " Yes, I am sure of that. She was dearer to me than my own sister—cared for me much1 more than Gwendoline ever cared, though Gwen and I were always good friends. Poor' frivolous Gwen! bhe writes me affectionate letters, hoping she may get to Italy in the autumn, though it is impossible for her to come just now. And mother and father write to me just in the same way—mother regretting that her health won't allow her to leave Dinan; father hoping to see me in the autumn. Their letters are full of hopefulness." Her husband read to her for the greater part of the lone, gloomy day. Ee read St. Thomas a Kempis for some part of the time. The book had been on the. little. Cable by her side through-, out her illness. He read two or three of Frede rick Robertson's sermons, and for occasional respite from too serious thought he read her favorite poems—Adonais, Alastor, and some of Shelley's lovely lyric3 and those nassages in Childe Harold which had acquired, a new charm for her since she had grown familiar with Rome.. "Read tome about Venice," she said, "and let me think of Allegra and Captain Hulbert. I love to fancy them gliding along those nar- : row picturesque streets in the great, graceful, ponderous gondola I know so well! It is so nice to know of their happiness—and that— they will never be parted." So the long summer day—without the glow and glory of summer—wore on, a,pd except for her excessive languor and feebleness there were no indications that the patient's state was' any worse than it had been for some weeks. The dootor came late in the afternoon and felt: her pulse and talked to her a little, but it was easy to see that his visit was only a formula and that he had no hope of doing her any good. "You have such an excellent nurse, Mrs. Disney, that I consider my position almost a sinecure," he said, smiling at the faithful-, Tabitlfa, who f^ood ^waiting Jos jiii instrgH^ tion, and who never forgot She minutest detail. Tabitha oame in from the adjoining bedroom ©very now and then and adjusted the pillows on the sofa,_ and sprinkled eau-de-Cologne, or fanned the invalid with a large Japanese fan, or arranged the soft silken coverlet over be>r feet, or brought her some small refeshment in the way oE a~eup of soup or jelly, and tenderly coaxed and assisted her to take it, talking just as much or as little as eeemed prudent, always careful neither to fatigue nor to excite her charge. f lobe continued.) 