AMIONG CHINESE HICHWAYMEN. The mandarin junk upon which I was sailing down the Blue river of China lay, for the day, at the wharV, Nankin, writes a traveller among the Celestials. I left it early for an inspection of the ancient capital. In the atternoon I took the com mon wheelbarrow conveyance to visit the tombs of the Mings. The coolie who trundled it said he could take me there and back by sundown. A thunderstorm delayed us, and the sun went down while we were among the hills, two miles at least from the city. The coolie insisted upon my stopping at one more ruin in a grove just off the road. It was so dark that I could not have seen it, at the best, and I told him to hurry back to the city. It is hard, bhwever, to convince a Chinese coolie of anything, and I was not surprised when he turned deliberately toward the ruin. It was almost dark in the grove, and as we approached the indistinct masses of masonry they gave me a very strong suggestion of all sorts of ghosts and goblins. Suddenly the coolie began torun. If he had been going the other way I should have thought he was frightened. Before I had time to think, however, the barrow was tipped sharply to one side and I was floundering in the tangled under wrowth. As I sprang to my feet every rock and shrub about me seemed alive. Out of the very ground men seemed to rise. I thought there were at least a hundred. Probably a dozen would be nearer right It would have been folly to struggle, yet I was upon the point of at least entering a vigorous protest, when my arms were un ceremoniously caught in i noose and securely bound, my feet were tied, a cloth was bound over my face, and I was laid upon my back in some sort ef a box. It was all done so quickly that when it was over I could still feel upon my hands the imprint of the branch which I had caught when falling out of the wheelbarrow. Not a word had been spoken, but I knew by the motion that I was in a sort of a palanquio, and -was being carried somewhere. The air was stifling. It was rank with opium. Some of the fellows must have been smoking there while waiting for me. Between the cloth over my face and the opium fumes, which were all the air I could secure, I was suffocating. I shouted,, but it did no good; the steady, silent swing leoet on. Evidently the fellows knew what they were doing, but did not propose to tcli me. The scene changed and changed again, and yet it did not change at all. A thousand different things seemed going on about me; then therd was nothing at all going on, and I was very comfortable and very sleepy. I shut my eyes for a short nap. When I opened them again I was in bed in my gaudy little state.room upon the mandarin junk, miles away from Nankin, on the great Blue river. How came I here? Two men had brought me down to the wharf in a palanquin. They said they came from an opium den, and the officers of my escort, thinking I had yielded to a popular weak. ness among themselves, paid the follows well for saving them the necessity of hunt ing me up. Miy watch was gone, so were my money, my pocket- knife, and my hand kerchief even. Everything I had about me that could be of service even to a Chinaman had disappeared. They badl put me to sleep by burning an opium rope in that closed palhsquin. It was the gentlest, most complete, and courteous highway robbery that I ever heard of. Exchange. CERTAINLY the best medlcina known Is Sanders and Sons' Eucalypti Extract. Test Its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, in. fluenza-tho cellef Is instantaneous. In serious oases and accidents of all kinds, bs they wounds, burns, acaldings. bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy-no swelling, no inflamma. tion. Like surprising effects produced in eroup, diphthoria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, swellings, etc., .llarrbcea, dysentory, diseases of the kidneye and urinary organs. In o ume by hospitals and medioal clinics all over the t globe; patronised by his Majesty the King of B Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibtion, Amsterdam. Trust in this'approved article and reject all others. \\--Wholesale depots for Tasmania, L. Fair thorne and Son and Hatton and Laws. e n taslled by.chemists and storekeepere at Is 9d and S 2i 6d per bottle. . :o 