1 Dead Witness. Br ALICE MAUD MEADOWS, Author of ' The Bomance of a Mad-house,' 'The Sins of the World,' 'A woman with a Secret,' &e.; Mrs. Ford and her danghter Merry are staying with the letter's cousin, the wealthy Sir Jasper Le Strange. The elder lady has set her mind on baring the barouet for a eon-in-law, and Sir Jasper adores Merry, bnt she lores his younger brother, Leo. Nevertheless, the mother's arguments in a manner prevail, and Merry agrees to marry, but not to love, ber consin. One day a bearded stranger comes to call, and sends np his card. Sir Jasper tells the bonsehold that the man brings tidings of the death of his elder brother, Beverley Le Strange, who went out to Australia fifteen years before, and in whose absence Sir Jasper has assumed command of the estates. But when the two men meet in the study be finds himself face to face with the brother be in his heart hoped was dead. CHAPTER V. Beverley?' Jasper repeated ; 'Be verley 1' He had know it when he bent over him, but he conld only say the name. 'Yes, Jasper,' taking both his hands and holding them — leaning forward and kissing him for very gladness, as they bad kissed when boys. 'I have come borne. I always meant to when I had lived my grief down ; for I did love that girl, Bud I always meant to write, only, somehow '—jerking his head a little — 'one never does what one means to; and I knew you'd be looking after things for me, keeping them straight. Bnt now I shall settle here and marry, perhaps. Jasper, yon are pleased to see me ?' ' Yes— yes,' he said. ' Of course I'm pleased ; but it's a little sudden. Ton should have prepared me. Yon sbonld have written me. I thought yon were —dead.' Beverley laughed. Dead,' he said. ' Why should I be dead ? No, thank God, Fm alive and veil And yon thought yon were Sir Jasper, of conrse. I't a little hard upon yoo, perhaps, that I have turned np ; but you are glad that your brother is alive, Jasper ?' ' Yes ; of coarse Pm glad. Sit down, Beverley.' 1 So I will. Give me you hand once more, Jasper ; it ia od ,o see you. We sill talk business to-morrow. To-night vse will only rejoice to see one another. You're not married, Jasper?' ' No.' But engaged perhaps? Does she love you dearly, Jasper, for yourself alone ? Willshe mind that your brother bascome home ?' Jasper bit his lips. If Beverley lived he bad not the slightest chance of marry ing Merry — if Beverley lived ! 'Tell me about yourself,' he said; 'never mind my affairs to night. Have yon done well out there? Have yon prospered ?' The merry twinkle came Into Bever ley's eyes. ' Whatever I have made, you shall have half,' he said. ' I must take my title and estates, but whatever I have made you shall share — the money I have worked bard for and madein fifteen years. 1 don't say it is mnch ' — his eyes twinkl ing more than ever — ' but whatever it happens to be — much or little — you shall share it.' Jasper looked at his brother's clothes; looked at the plain stick which he bad carried — a stick which he had probably cnt himself — and which was crowned with a dali looking piece of metal, and said to himself, ' He has made nothing.' 'Aod yon nst help me to find a wife,' Beverley went on. ' My heart is swept and garnished of the old love, and ready for a new. I have seen, one woman whom I could love already. She told me that her name was Merry. She told me that she was your consin. She said she wished Beverley would come home. I Was half a. mind to tell her that he had.' 'Did you ?' He asked the question in a low, intense whisper. Beverley noticed nothing strange. ' No,' he answered, I wanted to tell zny brother first ; bnt I feel that I conld love that girl, Jasper ; she is like an angel.' Jasper reached forward and took hie brother's stick — the action was merely mechanical. ' I am Sir Beverley Le Strange,' he went on ; ' have a great estate, and money. A woman might, perhaps, take me for what I have, and then I conld ' make her love me. It is strange that I should have met this woman whom X feel that I conld love, so soon. To-morrow, Jasper, you must introduce me to her — to your friends. It is too late to-night.' ' Yes,' J asper said ; 'it is too late to night.' He was thinking — thinking hard — not so mnch of the title and estates which he would lose,butof Merry. TTia brother promised him the half of what he had made in fifteen yeara — the half would probably be a thousand or two. Had It been much he wonld not have promised him half, and he wonld rob him of every- nung else. Mrs. Ford wonld never force ber daughter into a marriage with himif he had nothing. Why should she t He wonld lose her. /- "'- 'I wonld rather die,' he said to him- self. 1 1 would rather die a hundred deaths. I will not lose her— I will hbt.' 'I think Til go to bed now, Jasper,' Beverley said ; 'one glass of wine to gether, brother. Thank God for letting us see each other again — .thank God that you are well and hearty.' He poured out the wine, and the two' men drank. 'And I pledge yon my word that yon Mall have the half of all I have made,' Beverley said ; 'the rest shall help to my pretty things for the fairy. You are in the blue room, I suppose, Jasper 1',; ' Tea,' he said ; ' bnt you will go there to-night of course.' His face as looking pale and -drawn now. He wonld rob me of everything— MeryUiing.' he said to himselfj 'wife, title, home — everything.' 'Then Fll go to bed how. ComfevritK me, Jasper — share the room with me, tew old fellow, a? we need tojusllidjs;. ; He turned his face towards Jasper for ; .6 moment, a smile in Lis eyes, .then "he talked towards the dope. Hehad nearly mMbed it— hU my nMBt'jmjiM come to Jasper. He lifted the stick, and brought the heavy metal end with a deadly blow on his brother's head. There was a sickening, crushing sound, a hor rible thud, and without a cry Beverley Le Sirange dropped to the floor. Jasper etepped over the body, tamed the key in the lock, then stood trembling and look ing down at the wreck he had made of what a moment ago had been a man bis brother. He was quite dead. It strnck Jasper as strange that a man conld be living one moment in foil health and strength, and the nest quite dead. He felt no sorrow at what he had done— only a strange awe that he wonld have done it, and done it so easily. He stooped close over fab brother ; blood had trickled through his thick hair, and was running down his face — bnt a very little. He wondered whether anyone had heard his brother fall. He waited for a moment to see if anyone woald come, bnt all was quite silent — no one had heard. ' What shall I do with him?' he said, half alond. ' I mast get him away ; bat how? Aod it most be thought that he went from here after Merry saw him come, and Sir Peter saw him.' He looked ronnd the study. He knew every nook and corner of it by heart,bnt be wanted now what he had never wanted before, a hiding-place for a dead body — a dead brother. ' The cupboard !' he said. Of conrse, the enpboard.' He went to the table,and taking glaas after glass drank all the wine there was in the decanter ; then with a shudder he approached his brother once more, took him by the arms, dragged him to the cupboard forced bb body io, shot it,and locked it. Next he again crossed the room, un locked the door, and looked op aud down the faalL No one was about He could hear the sound of talking and laughing in the billiard room. He went to the door aod opened it noisily. ' Good night !' he said, fondly. ' Good night < Come to morrow if yon can. Sorry yon won't stop. Good-night' He turned to shnt the door, and found Sir Peter almost at hb elbow. ' To whom are yon saying good-night V he asked. ' That fellow from Australia. He has jnst gone.' Sir Peter moved forward as he said, ' So poor Beverley b really dead ?' A little shudder went throneh Jasner. ' Yes,' really dead,' he said,' ' Really dead !' ' Poor Beverley !' Sir Peter said. ' What a dear fellow he was 1 So good, eo generous. Come into the study, Jasper, and tell me all abont it' ' No, no ; not to-night. I am too up set, to-night I wonld rather not talk abont it. His death was painful — very painfnl !' ' Yon have all my sympathy, Jasper.' Sir Pefer said. ' Tell me abont it when yon choose.' He took Jasper's hand and gripped it tightly, silently. That is how men show their sympathy. 'Go to bed, Jasper,' he said ; 'go to bed. Good night' Jasper west np to hb bedroom. - His brother was dead, oat of the way, so far as the succession was concerned. Bnt what was he to do with his body f He most get rid of that ; he muBt bide it securely. It it wereeverfonnd the crime wonld probably be traced to him. Merry and Sir Peter could both describe the man who had called upon bitn. Every one at the station and on the road to the Castle would have noticed him. Few Englishmen grow every vestige of hair that they can, as the Colonials do — he was noticeable at once, if only for that. He sat down in his dressing-room, thinking and wondering how he could get rid of the body. 'Unless I can hide the body,' he said; ' hide it eo that it will never be found, I am not safe — not safe at all' He thought of hiding-place after hiding place, but in every one there seemed a chance that the body might be ' If it were as easy to get rid of a body as to take a life;' he said to himself, 'There would he more murders com mitted than there are.' Suddenly fab eyes fell upon bb razors in the case upon the dlning-table, and Merry's words came hack to him : ' I -daresay he would look quite dif ferent without all that heard and whiskers.' That's it,' he said ; 'that is the way ont of the difficulty. No one will know him then; bnt have I the. nerve? It will be horrible; horrible ! Bnt I will do it. He took np the razors and went down the stairs oucemore. ; The lights in the billiard-room bad been turned ont : hb guests had gone to bed. He entered the study and locked the door, poured ont a glass of brandy and drank if Off. - The lamp had burnt a little low ; he turned it np, then, shuddering and trembling, be unlocked the enpboard. His brother lay there,- huddled np ; he palled him ont and stretched htm upon the floor, pat the lamp down- be tide fata, thte look the razor in hisfaadd. The bine eyes looked np at him smil- tnoln ka fait -olaV otiil ' faint hnf «AMB. 9 — Bity conquered the weakness. He took the dead head upon his knee; cot away the beard and whiskers with: a prir-pf scissors ; then, with a firm haadf ekaeed . Vie corpse. ' ' 1 In an hoar it was done. The free that had beehcovered with hair ; was clean shaven;the hair of the .head was cropped close; and in the centre of the crown; there was a hare-shaved pateh.Anhonr ago the dead man - had looked like n Colonial, mow .he 'looked, like, a dead; priest. No one— on one in the world—. conld have recognised him as the same! man." r" .".j; After awhile Jasper had no horror of bis business. It was necessary. Whenit' was dbne'he.gathei«d tip 3h:e hair, and threw itintbe fireplace over sqmebnra-: ing paper, then he tamed jont the dead, man's pcxiket.and looked at hialinen to_ see that them was no name (narked upon it. If he ootid .get hfanjoutofthe house; he was ultejasfe. v --ff. A'-'. V. | LwtiLfrat him -whero he thnst otlile faifiw-tirohreqmeaymkadwls bri.toffle:£etWMn Ou «arth moon ; nature seemed to have entered into league with the murderer. He went out into the grounds, and looked np at the windows. Lights shone from all the rooms that were occupied. He was glad of it. Even if anyone should look ont to see what sort of a night it was, peering from the light into the darkness they conld not distiognieh anything. Had the gas been turned out- in any room there wonld have been more danger. He looked np at Merry's window and whispered her name ; then he re-entered the house, knelt down, caught his brother's arms, and dragged them one over each shonlder ; then he rose slowly, and with difficulty went out into the falling Bnow and the darkness of night, across the lawn, past the summer house. ' Leo and Merry were there — had been there what bad seemed but a moment ; what must have been an hour or more. The yonng man had taken the ring from the girl's finger and gronnd it ont of shape under his foot,and made her swear moat solemnly to be. trne to him. Now they were saying good-night ; bat, oh 1 good-night takes so long to say when young folk love. ' I mnst go,' she said, ' Leo, I mast go. Brooks will be frightened ont of hb life. I mast have been here half an honr.' 'Five minutes,' he said ; ' not more — but yon ehall go, darling only — what b that? Hash 1 — someone is coming.' They drew back. Something — some one passed the window of the summer- house — some horrible creature that eeemed to have two heads The . moon was jnst coming from behind a cloud, and shone faintly. Merry scarcely kept a scream from her lips, and clang trembling to her lover. ' It was a ghost,' she whispered, when it had gone. ' Oh, Leo —Leo —you must take me back. I could not go alone, Lao. Did ever you see anything so horrible ?' : ' Hash, dear ! hash,' he said, trem bling a little himself ' I will take yon back, of coarse ; bat promise first, dear — prombe that you will be true.' ' Yes, yes, she said, « Oh, Leo, L'O, I am so frightened.' ' He almost lifted her, harried her across the lawn, kissed her hnrriedly, and saw Brooks let her In. Then he tnrned away again. ' What could it have been T he said to himself. « What could it have been? Great Heavens, here it is aeain.' He -drew behind a tree The shadow passed him once more, going mora swiftly, and this time it had but one head. At three o'clock the enow still fell, bat the moon shone brilliantly. The whole world seemed silent. Nature seemed holding her breath. And then the sonnd of a f aint,horrified cry broke the silence, Throngh the snow which lay thick npon the world, a boy came staggering, stumbled np the stepB that led to the drawing-room window, and disappeared ioto the Castle. CHAPTER VL ' Who believes in siogeing the hair to make it grow ?' Mrs. Elliott raid, the next morning at breakfast time ; 'because whoever it b I wish they would not do it at night. I never smelt such a horrible smell of burning hair before, and the whole honss seems saturated with it this morning.' Was it burning hair ?' Sir Peter said. 'I thought the whole honse was on fire, but it was too cold to go down and see. Mrs. Elliott looked indignant. 'We might all have been bnrnt to death, for all yon cared,' she said. 'I knew you were safe,' he answered, j 'Ice won't barn, yon know.' ' Bat it will melt.' 'Will it?' he asked. 'I wish it would in your case.' Merry and Jasper both looked pale, and took little part in the conversation. Mrs. Ford made no comments npon her daughter's appearance. She knew she was pining for her lover, and deemed it bestto take no notice of it. She will soon get over that when she is married — she said to herself. ' Do you expect the Bushranger this morning, Jasper ?' Sir Peter said, 'Yon mnst introduce him to ns.' J asper turned a little pale. ' I hope he will come,' he said. ' I expect some ' boxes and things of my poor brother's, too. It will be painful looking throngh ttm,' He never married? Mia. Elliott naked- - No,' Jasper answered. One of the footmen came In with the letter bag as bespoke. He was quite a yonng fellow, usually with a bright,roBy face; to-day it was ashy white. Sir Jasper took the bag without looking at him, Mrs. Elliott's eyes were shaiper. ' Good Heavens !' she said. 1 What's the matter with the boy ? Are yon ill, James V ' No — yes/he stammered. YeB ; I don't feel very well.' ' Yon look awful,' Mrs. Elliott said. ' Yon .had better go to bed, I should think. Look at him, Jasper.' Jasper looked op at him— somehow the expression of the boy's jfoce seemed familiar to him f 'he wondoredwhere be unu owu JU9V wuawvifuicu -lwwik then remembered it was in bis own face, as be had seen it reflected in the glass, whBn he stood up after having shaved ths3boip8e. 3 ' What's - the _ matter1? he said, sharply. 'Nothing, Sir Jasper,' the bby said; fsjTrion't feel well, that's 'all— I'don't fcelprelL'; v- />' 'Well, go to -bed,' Jasper said, and rose abrnptiy from Iris (hair. 'There's something in the air/ Mrs.; Elliott said. ' Merry looks half-dead, ; so does Jasper, bo does James, and I'm; not surprised after, that awfnl smell last: ®lght/ I Biverley's boxes duly Arrived. Only Jasper looted throngh them, and after j fae had done so a great regret filled his heart,' not so : mnch became , of the. cruelty of -his. icrime, bntbecause be; fonndihat it had been unnecessary. The fariffifcrwho had comehome to faimhadj comehomericbTrfah ;indead. : Papers .of hw .referring toproperty in, Australia ohbwed ' that he . was , jeomhthing little short of a milHonkirei and half of it witfaj hrothariy gohmoatyhB would have given to Jasper. ' Thu%btile "wonld be bis now,1. generoo8 « brother had he'known of hie he regretted bis crime because it -bad been unnecessary, and he had a terror of being found out. It is eo that most people regret Bin. Beverley's body had cot been found. That in itself was a terrible thing for Jasper ; he had thought that the next morning someone would be surr,to have seen it, that the inquest wonld have been held, aod that the unknown priest would have been buried in a nameless grave, that the danger would all have been over, bnt the snow that bad been falling slowly on the night of the murder had fallen more quickly towards morn ing — bad continued to fa'l nearly for forty-eight hoars; then a sharp frost had setin,had continued for some weeks, and Beverley lay under its white pall, and wonld not come to light till the snow should melt. ' If only he were under the gronnd,' Jasper said, 1 1 should forget ; bnt how can I forget, when I know that he is lying there, nnbnrried ? It is horrible, horrible. I dare not be the one to find him, and no one ever can till the snow shall melt.' He bad another grief Merry seemed suddenly to have grown brave— she wonld not wear his ring ; she wonld scarcely speak to him. Her mother talked to her in vain. 'I have promised Leo,' she said. 'Lso says that he will work for as. I woald rather starve with Leo than feast with Jasper. He frightens me more than ever now.' ' And I am to starve, too, IsnpposB ? Mre. Ford said. ' I can't help it, mother/ the girl re turned. 'I love Leo. We will giveyon all in our power : we will keep very little for ourselves. 'Yon are a fool to talk like that, Merry/ Mrs. Ford said. 'Jasper is almost a millionaire now. Do yon under stand what that meaoB ? He conld give everything, everything the heart of woman c mid desire. 1 am your mother ; I have a right to your obedience, and I Insist that yon marry him.' ' I shall not obey yon, mother/ the girl returned. ' I love Leo.' And she spoke bo firmly that Mrs. Ford's heart sank. 'If I were yon, Jasper/ Mrs. Elliott said, one morning, at breakfast-time, ' I should inslBt npon James telling yon what is the matter with him ; be is not ill, I think, bnt he goes abont looking like a scared ghost; look at him next, time he comeB in. Jasper did look at him, and called him to his side. ' What is the matter with yon, James ?' he asked ; ,have yon anything on your mind ? Mrs. Elliott thinks yon have seen a ghost.' The yonth trembled violently. ' Ob, my lady, worse than that, he said ; ' worse than that. I ought to have told a month ago, bnt I dare not. I was frightened — I thought, mayhap, yon'd think I'd done it, and I ought not to ran off I tbonght he'd be found, bnt he's ont there still, in the cold — covered with the snow.' Jasper grew pale ; the others looked mystified. 'He — who — what?' Jasper said sharply. The boy -mnst have seen the dead body of his murdered brother; there wonld be a chance now of digging him ont of the snow and getting him bnried. ' Ob, pleasp, sir, the poor priest — the poor murdered priest !' he said, and hid his face in his bands. Everyone looked horrified— murder is a most terrible word and a most abhorent deed. v ' Good heavens ! what does the boy mean ? Mrs. Ford said. I ' Here, sit down,' Jasper said sharply, drawing np a chair, ' and jnst explain what yon're talking about. If yon have been ont when yon ought not to have been, yon've been pnniahed enough, ap parently; yon shall be pnniahed no more.' The hoy sat down, trembling still. ' Gb please, Sir Jasper/ be said, ' it was the night the enow - name. I'd asked leave of Mr. Hurst to no' home for an honr or two, and he wonld not let me go. We had a party on, and so I took French leave, aud went, getting ont of the drawing-room wtpdo'w. I left it a little way open and ran home ; at three o'clock I came back. It wae snowing pretty fast, and the moon wae shining. Coming np the Chestnut avenue I stum bled over something. I looked down to see what it wae. The boy stopped and shivered. ' Yes f Sir Jasper said, /_Yes J' L ' XlAras a dead "body, Sir Jasper. The snow had made a sort of coffin for him ; bnt it seemed to. have drifted off his white face. He was lying on his back. Hia lips were wide open. He seemed staring at me.' ' You mnst have been dreaming/ Sir Jasper said, ' or yon had taken tod mnch beer. How would a dead man— and a priest, of all men — get into my avenne f 1 He was dead, Sir Jasper,' the boy aaid. ' And he looted like a priest. His face was clean shaved, and he had a round place on the top of his head. I looked straight at him. Then I ran .like mad and got into the house. I've seemed to see him ever since.' 'There, that will do/ Sir Jasper raid. awn wwuswo— T|Wj VUD lUVunuil did yon see .anyone else about f. 'Not a soul, Sir Jasper/ - He dismissed the boy with a nod, then glanced round. Everyone looked rather pale. ' What do you think of it, Peter ?' Jasper said. : ' The boy certainly think he saw some thing/ Sir Peter returned. ' I should think you had better make him point pnt the spot and have the snow "dag away.' 'You really think' that he" wak not drank ? There are np priests about here that I know of.' : " ' Priest, or no priest, does not Beein to me the point at all/ Sir 'Peter said. ' H there is aman burikl under the snow, the Booner he is dug ont the better, I think;' 'My opinion is that the hoy was dreaming or drunk/ Jasper said 'how ever we will have tiie snow dog away, of conrse. I'll give orders at once.' ' He rose bom the breakfast UMe ahd went from the xoonu Now tiiatthetime . faadcome whraklsbrptherjmdMfriiihd ; lie frit a little £rightened.' .N9 one wonld; recognise thedesd tflarahger vhojhadJromet Castie b frirtnightago— thatwas perfectlyimpoe- tible; botheiom«nbeMdhow;ashehad! shaved the aead&ce;, the hrother Sof Sis like wbat it had been fifteen years ago. SirFeter knew him then : was it possible that Sir Peter wonld recognise him ? ' Perhaps he might have, jnBt after death,' he said, to himself ' It is possible, though I think not probable. Death changes the face so. bnt he has been nnder the snow a month now. There mnst have been an alternative in him by this time. Bah ! how horrible it is ! Why conld he not have been fonnd and buried at once ?' He sent for the footman, James.' ' Can yon point ont the spot where yon stumbled npon the dead body F he asked. ' Yes, Sir Jasper/ the boy answered trembling. 'Then tell two of the gardeners to bring spades and come. I will be with yon in five minutes.' He went back to the breakfast-room. Sir Peter was smoking a cigar by the window. ' We are going on a wild-goose chase/ he said. 1 Do you care to come S' ' Well, yes. I may as well, and I don't agree with you. I think we shall find something.' Jasper looked at him sharply. ' What do yon think we shall find I' he said. ' What the boy Baw — a dead man. I have been wondering since you left the room whether anything conld have hap pened to the bnebranger, the Australian. It was cniions he did not tarn np again. Jasper langhed. ' Now, Peter,' he said, ' conld anyone have mistaken him for a priest ? Yon saw him. Was he clean shaven ? ' Xt was only an idea that flashed into my mind/ Sir Peter said. ' I forgot that J ames said the poor fellow whom he eaw dead was clean shaven,' Snow was no longer falling ; a cold wind was blowing that nipped Jaspsr and Peter to the marrow of their bones as they, preceded by the boy James, who trembled as he went, walking towards the spot where in the moonlight he had seen the dead num. Twoof the gardeners, with spades thrown over their shoulders, brought np the rear. The boy went straight across thelawn. The snow lay, perhaps, two feet deep, and walking was difficalt ; here and there it had drifted, and ran np tike a white wall, throngh which it was a labour to push. ' It was here !' the boy said, pausing at length. A little frown crossed .Tasner's face. It was not the place the spot was farther on. Was the dead man never to be fonnd and got rid of ? He tnrned to the gardeners. 'Dig carefully, my men,' he said. 'Jnst lift the snow away.' He leant with his back against a snow- powdered tree. James stood close to the men who were digging as though fascinated. Peter stood near Sir Jasper. Slowly the snow was thrown npon one side, bnt was cleared away to the gronnd without anything being brought to light. The gardeners turned and looked at Sir Jasper. ' I told yon the boy had dreamed it/ he said to Sir Peter. ' He was drank. of course — he was drunk. Some men see rats and snakes ; perhaps others see dead bodies.' 'The fool — the fool 1' he said to him self. ' He has shown ' ns the wrong place ; it is farther on than this.' The boy looked mystified. ' 1 saw him, Sir Jasper,' he said, ' as plainly as 1 see yon. He lay just here by this tree. I noticed tfae drooping branch — I ' He pansed and looked ahead. 1 No,' he said. 'X have made a mis take. It was farther on ; it was there.' He pointed to another spob. Jasper's heart gave a great leap. The boy was right now ; that was the spot. ' Do yon feel inclined to stop while they try again, Peter ?' Sir Jasper said. It is bitterly -cold.' He moved on. . Yes,' be said. ' I feel sure that we shall find something.' Once more the two gardeners began throwing the snow noon one side, the boy James standing quite close to them, Jasper and Sir Peter a little apart. A hand seemed gripping the murderer's heart — gripping it more and more tightly as each spadeful of snow was thrown npon one side, and the moment when the dead body mnst be discovered grew nearer and nearer. He conld scarcely control the sonnd of his breath. Once or twice he felt as though he most scream — as though he wonld drop down dead-roth .the tension, the excitement, if he did not EcreaM _ ' I am qoite safe,' he said to himself ; ' no one — no one in the world could recognise him as the bearded Australian. In a week he will be bnried, and I shall be safe; no one can connect me -with the murder. "What reason conld I have for patting a poor priest ont of the world ? None, none.' He was not looking now, bat snddenly ah exclamation from one of the gardeners made him raiee his bead. Hia spade had struck against something, which offered more resistance than the snow. ' There is something here,' the man said. . Sir Jasper did hot move, bnt he spoke toJamee. ' Do yon remember how the body lay ?' he aaid. . ' Yes; Sir Jasper —the head this way ; the feet that/; « Then clear "the snow away from the face with yonr hands, my meD,' Sir JaBper said, ' afterwards yon can dig the body .out with yonr spades.' ' The men hesitated a moment; It was nnf. a nloaaanf. -inh Then fVoe nhavreri stooping -down, taking the snow .np by handfols, and throwing it npon one tide. The boy James still leant forward Sir Jasper and Sir Peter kept their places a little apart/. ' , In handfnls after handfols the men threir the. snow tipon one tide, then sud denly both, stood upright, mnchas a man stands when he is shot, then .stepped back ; 'at the same moment the boy grew ghastly white, staggered and almost fell. 'Great heaven!' he said ; : ' another mati-- not ?£b prat another nun f and jfelldown in the suow. : .t. . 'th nhB tentia Sir Peter "and ;8ir jasper Bboodhesidethe stmwgrave;giive one look, then staggered backalso ; "for, looking up at them witit . b|n smiling 3xed-eyef>, was-r-not the amooUi-fairod, desn-shaved,prieatiy man they'tadlaesa led tb expaaf tb Bee rrribt the 'holte ,as '; Jasperfaadibaried.it- fante.rbeKdedj " .so-SHin-Fi ,r<- Castle on the night when the snow first fell. ' A miracle — a miiacle condemns me F Jasper said, and fell fainting ioto Sir Peter's arms. CHAPTER VIL 'He is dead — Jasper is dead ?' 'Yes, quite dead.' 'He shot himself P Yes.' Because be had committed mnrder, bec&ose; he said that he must be fonnd ont? ' Yes.' ' And the poor murdered man is really Beverley — there is no donbt aboot it !' ' No ; not the elighteBt.' ' Ob, Leo, Leo 1 How conld he do so cruel, so horrible a thing ?' ' I do not know,' he eaid ; ' it is in comprehensible.' He conld not say to thiB timid, gentle girl, 'Love,that makes men do many great and noble deeds, also makes them do many that are wicked and heartless. He killed his brother becanse he feared if he lost his title and estates he wonld lose all chance of von ' 'And yon think, when we saw that shadow with two heads pass the snmmer- house, that it was Jasper carrying the dead body of his brother ?' ' Ybb, dear.' She cime a little closer to her lover : the mere telling of these horrors fright ened ber. ' I wondered why Jasper thought it was a priest,' she said. 'I cannot understand anyone mistaking poor Beverley for a priest. His face was almost covered with hair.' ' Yes, it was a strange mistake/ he said. He conld not explain this horror — this natural phenomenon to the girl. But when he and Sir Peter and the family doctor were alone they talked it over. ' I understand it all,' the doctor ex plained- ' When the boy James said the man he saw was clean shaved he spoke the troth. Mrs. Elliott and all of yon spoke of smelling a disagreeable odonr of burning hair on the night which mnst have been the night of the mnrder. After Sir JaBper had committed the crime, he probably was, as all mur derers are, tronbled to know where and how to hide the body. His brotht r, by reason of the great and unnsnal growth of hair on his free, was very noticeable. Two people at least had seen him enter tllfl riokfln (tit nnn lane) n ntnnl 1 n him leave it. If his body were fonnd, and any one recognised him as Sir Beverley, Jasper thought it probable that he wonld be suspected of the mnrder. Looking at his brother it most likely struck him how different he wonld look without the hair on his face, so he shaved the corpse and burnt the hair — the smell of. bnrning hair ac- connted for.' ' Horrible, horrible !' Leo said. ' That accounts for James seeing a clean-shaven man,' Sir Peter said. ' It does not account for the - body btiog fonnd with hair covering the free. Was it a miracle ?' ' No, certainly not,' the doctor said. ' One moment and I will explain. The human hair is not only imperishable after death, bat it grows after death — it grows often until every mascle and tissue is exhausted. Iu vaults the hair of wo men has grown so luxuriantly as to buret off the coffin lids ; there is no thing s'.range in the hair of a dead man growing — it is, as I said before, a natural phenomenon. That Sir Jasper did shave the corpse is certain — the air in the middle of the crown is much shorter than elsewhere. A very wicked deed has been brought to light io a very wonderful bnt a perfectly natural way. Sir Jasper thought himself quite safe. Ignorance, my dear Sir Leo, is not al ways bliss ; in this case it would not have been folly to be wise.' Sir Leo was looking rather pale- 1 it is horrible — horrible !' he B&id.; 'I most get away from it all for a time. I conld not live here yet.' He went from the room, searched horo anr) 1 Viopc fnr Mnrrw \fra made no objection now : he was. Sir Leo, rich beyond the dreams of avarice. He fonnd her looking pale and ill ; the terrible crime had upsst her. ' Merry,' he said, ' we both want a change ; we are both upset by these terrible events ; we ought to get away from the place. I want to go abroad. Shall we go together ? Shall we, sweet F She put her head down npon his shoulder — his arm stole round her. Oh, Leo !' she said. ' I shonld like it, only — only isn't it too soon after—' '-No,' he eaid, quietly. 'No, dear, life ia too short to waste a day of happi ness. We will be married quietly, quite quietly. We trill go abroad, and when yon tire of me — only me, we will come back.' 'Then we shall etay away for ever,' she eaid, kissing him gently ; and Mrs, Elliott and Sir Peter coining in very softly, and rather sheepishly, to tell them 'that as two negatives make an affirmative, perhaps two hates might make one love, or, at all events, that they were going to try the experiment,' quietly retired. ' I daresay it is jnst as well that we did not tell them/ Mrs. Elliott said. 1 shonld not be at all surprised it I changed my mind by to-night.' , Sir Peter pnlledher arm throngh his, and kept the elim fingers in his clasp. ' While there's life, there's hope,' he said. i Dreatbe again. — u/oyas Widely. (the end. 