WILDFLOWER. CHAPTER IL — fCosinroifD.} The three had their supper, Martha eat ing hers by the fire,* and staring into its depths as ehe eat and munched, and Avice watching the shadow of her head and blowsy cap on the opposite wall, and think ing of Old Mother Shipton, whose history ehe had brought all the way from Berns wood in her bundle. ' ThoBe things had better be airad, you know,' eaid Martha after supper, as Avice busied herself with the bundle just alluded to. ' Oh ! thank you, yes !' replied A-vice ; 'and I think my night-cap is damp ; for Mrs. Podgis put it the top thing, and once, when a man let the window down, all the snow came in upon it.' Presently they were going to bed, little Avice with her thoroughly aired night-cap in her hand. ' Avice had better sleep with you to night, Martha,' said Hern. ' Of course.' ' I'm not frightened to sleep alone,' said Avice, confidently ; ' it's only bad girls that the ghosts come to.' ' Who taught you that ?' asked Martha. ' Mrs. Podgis.' ' She was a wise woman,' said Martha. 'Avice, go and bid your grandfather good aight' ? \- Good-night; grandfather.' She held up her lips to be kissed ; but feigning not to observe the motion, he lightly touched her hand, saying, huskily, ' Good-night, Avice.' They went put of the room and stopped. The vcice of old Hern was calling Martha from within. ' Wait a moment,' said the house keeper ; and leaving Avice standing in the passage, she returned. Avice had sharp ears 5 for, despite the low tone of inquiry, she heard her grand father sav — ' Has he been here to-night, Martha ?' 'No.' ' I passed him in the street to- night j he brushed by me — we touched each other's arms.' ' Did he see you ?' ' No, thank God I' ' So much the better.' Martha returned to Avice, and led her up tbe stairs — up and up, till she was lost in a maze of long dark passages with count less doors at every turn. 'Who sleeps in all these rooms, Mrs. Badge?' asked Avice. ' Nobody ; they are offices for people who come in the day time and write,' with a disparaging emphasis, that told of a thorough contempt for manuscript, ' frill 4 o'clock in the afternoon.' ' Poor things,' said the sympathising Avice, ' how their fingers must ache.' Martha paused at the top of another flight, and pushed open a door which stood on the left hand side. They entered a plainly furnished room ; and Martha set the light upon a chest of drawers and then locked the door. ' Is this your room ?' said Avice. ' This is mine. Yours will be next to it.' She took off her cap as she spoke, and hung it on a nail. She looked so fearful without a cap, that Avice undressed herself with a shudder. When she put on a huge night-cap with conntless frills, Avice could' bear it no longer, so tightly shut her eyee. After a time they were in bed, Martha rigid and corpse-like. ' ' Mrs. Badge,' whispered Avice. ' Yes.' ' Who is he ?' « What, chad ?' ' Who is he that grandfather asked about down stairs ?' 'Did you hear?' ' Yes.' ' A bad man, my dear ; and the less we know about him the better. There, say your prayers and go to sleep.' And Martha shut her eyes, and began to snore profoundly. Avice joined her tiny hands together ; and in that darkened room lisped out many childish prayers j and then dropped peace fully of£ into dreamland, and went back to Bernswood, and Mrs. Podgis and Spot, the great cat. CHAPTER in. A Spelling Lesson. When Avice Hern awoke on the fol lowing morning the sun was streaming into the room, and Martha Badge was gone. Avice got up, dressed nerself , and brushed some splashes of dirty snow off her black frock, after which she looked out of the little window at the Thames. ' Oh ! there's the river — there's the river !' she cried, clapping her hands, ' and the sun ehining on it, and the boats ! How pretty to be sure !' It was a bright winter's morning ; and the broad river glistened in the sun. There was a light golden mist hanging round St. Paul's, and a haze about house-tops, factory chimneys, church steeples, and the brick-and-mortar wilderness across the xiver which rendered the scene quite pic turesque. The snow was thawing rapidly, dripping from the massive sto&e; coping of the roof above the window, from the coal barges drifting down with the tide, from steamboats lying at their moorings, from tarpaulins covering Huge mounds of hay __ vessels gliding onwards, from roofs of wharves and breweries, and buttresses of . bridges, making a grand dissolving view of everything. . The child lingered at the window, and watched the life upon the silent highway with 'her great wondering eyes. It was the first xiver Avice Hern had seen in her \- young life ; And Its novelty attracted her. Bernswood was an inland, village— » pretty, green nook in an English landscape; and the murmuring brook that went round by the alders, and turned the old water- worn -wheel of the little mill, was nothing to this I 'Why, in one place she could have jumped across that brook, if Mrs. Podgis had let her 5 and Spot, he did it every day, , after the birds he neyer caught. ' Oh 1 are you up?' v . , Avice turned her head, and saw the hard features of Mrs. Badge peering round the ' door. .''....,'. '.' ? '** Good morning, ma'am/' said Avice. . «« Ah, good morning 1 will jots, come -Lowa to breakfast?' 'Is grandfather awoke?' «Oh,yes!' Avice left her post of observation, and went out on the landing-place after Martha. ' We shall have your room ready to night, Avice,' said Martha $ ' this is it.' «« Oh 1 'I hope it looks upon this beautiful river,' she cried, pushing open the door and running to the window. Satisfied with the result of her scrutiny, and without a glance at the neatness of the apartment, or the tasty manner in which Martha had festooned the chintz ? bed-curtains, she darted out again, and trotted -downstairs after the gaunt housekeeper. Mr. Hern was up, and 'waiting for his breakfast. He looked more like Punch than ever, in the daylight, a respectable kind of Punch though, for he was brushed up for office hours, wore a russety black dresscoat, with only one button off: the sleeve, had a tiny brooch of gold wire fastened to his clean shirt, and was, on the whole, a dapper little gentleman, with an annihilating stoop. ' Come, come, Avice, this is a bad hour — 9 o'clock.' ' Is it so late, grandfather ?' she said ; ' oh, dear ! And my time is always 6, too. But I have been up some time, looking at the river.'* ' Six o'clock I a very good lame for little girls,' remarked her grandfather ; ' when the spring comes, Avice, you shall help me in the garden.' ' ' Thank you, sir.' ' Now, Mariha, pour the coffee out.' Martha unbent her stiff frame a little and dropped into a chair, and the day commenced for Avice Hern. After breakfast Avice had the morning almost to herself , and there was plenty of time to observe and grow famiiialr with her new home. Martha Badge, assisted by Betsy, a wan-looking aide-de-camp, who made her appearance from a dark cellar in the area, where she had been filling coal scuttles since daylight for the office rooms, went 'wandering about the lower regions on bewildering missions, whilst above stairs there was a constant ringing of the bell and a continual opening of tha door. A flood of clerks, young, middle 'aged, and sexagenarians, set in as the clock struck, and came up the steps, from which the deep snow of the preceding night had been shovelled away, and went buzzing about the house like bees in a hive. Avice raised the blind of the sitting room, the window of which had a cheerful prospect of the area, with occasional glimpses of Betsy, clicking about in pat tens, and looked at the entrance steps, and saw the clerks wend their way up them in all variety of boots. Then, the scarlet coated postman came, in a great bustle, with town, country, and foreign letters, and there was money to be paid on the last, and Mr. Hern's voice was heard snapping up the postman. Then came a straggling clerk, who was reported for being late, and af tar that, with a whirl and a plunge, Mr. Arthur William. Stanmore's carriage, fol lowed by Mr. Arthur William Stanmore himself, secretary to the office, near White hall, who ran up the steps three at a time and disappeared. When the bell had ceased ringing1, and there was a humming throughout the house- — just like there was at her own school down in Bernswood, Avice thought — little Miss Hern went in search of Martha Badge, and, chancing upon that lady in the kitchen, requested something to do. '? You nrosn't trouble now,' said Martha, who was on her knees, deep in the calcula tion of a mass of office towels, piled in a huge basket before her. ' But mayn't I have a duster, Mrs. Badge?' '? Thirteen— fourteen — don't bother — fifteen — do go away !' Avice was returning, somewhat crest fallen, to the parlor, when Martha called ont her name. Avice stopped. '? You'll find a spelling-book in the table drawer j learn a bit of it, and I'll hear you after dinner, Avice. It'll keep you in practice till you go to school.' Avice went back to the zoom, and found the book at the back of the drawer indi cated. It was a very old book, witfc one cover off, and the other suspended by a few threads 5 several leaves were missing, and those which remained were dog-eared, and dirty. On the title-page was written, in a fine schoolmistress's hand, a hand that tad long since resolved itself into its native dust, ' Master Walter Hern— his book.' - Walter Hern I who could that be ? Her grandfather's name was James, and her own father — ' poor father,' whispered Avice — was called after Mm. After some reflection, which did not tend to throw much light on the subject, Avice set herself to learn a column of two syllables, and applied . herself . with such hearty good will to the task that in less than an hour she -was master— or mistress, perhaps — of all the hard words on the list. When that feat was accomplished;' she resolved to ran and surprise Mrs. Badge ?with an exhibition of her diligence, but Mrs. Badge was nowhere to be found, and Betsy, upon being cross-questioned con cerning her, thought she had gone upstairs. Ignorant of the sacred precincts of 'office,' and of the divinity that doth hedge a government, Avioe started in search of Mrs. Badge, and toiled up the stairs and along the passages, carelessly turning mys terious corners, which led to more stairs and more passages that she hadnever seen before, until she was finally lost in the great house. She came upon windows that looked upon the river, upon windows that looked into the street, upon -clerks, with pens 'behind their ears, who were carrying unwieldy 'books-— ugly dirty brown books, with red backs— and who stared with astonishment at the small apparition in their path j upon clerks* legs, sticking out of open cupboards and presses in the passages, the owners cf those members being- engaged in diving for especial papers^ upon clerks, with lanterns Who -were going into the dark depot, on the first floor, where the letters were kept ; upon everything but Martha Badge. Avice grew xa&re; bewildered in her ideas j there was suchNa noise of banging doors that it frightened her. She fancied she had gone* up too- Mgh at last, and came down again by a back stone staircase, which ehV remembered perfectly, and then,; took another turnihg, hoping that it would' lead her ta her nacle'a parlor j bat it did not, although there was a door at the end of the passage very much like a door she had seen somewhere in the houae, and so she made a dash at it and opened it. . She would have given all ehe had in the world — though it was not much — to have got safely out again, and unobserved ) but she had no power to move, and could only stand fascinated by the gaze/of two pairs of eyes which, met her own, and transfixed her. - ? - ' . Avice had entered the room cf Mr. Arthur William Stanmore — the great ball room, so symbolical of ' once upon a time' — and. at the table, and before a handsome desk, glittering with silver fittings, sat the secretary, a tall young man of about 30 years of age, -whilst at the opposite end eat an old gentleman, -with a bald head, great white -whiskers, and. gold spectacles. Both gentlemen laid down their pens, and stared aghast at her. 'What do you want? What is it? What is it ?' rapidly asked the old gentleman. ' Please, a/r, I — I want Martha Badge.' The secretary leaned back inv his chair and gave a short laugh, but the old gentle man looked crosB, and Avice immediately began to cry. ' (io away — go away — go away I' said the senior gentleman, nourishing a fat white hand in the direction of the door, ' tnere, tnere, go away with you J' Avice had mustered sufficient strength to make a retrograde movement, when the secretary called, her. . She timidly advanced. ' Well, my little girl, and who's Martha Badge? There, don't cry. I'm not going to eat you J' He was a handsome man, and he looked so kindly at Avice, with his dark-brown eyes, that she ceased whimpering, and answered — ' Mrs. Badge is my grandfather's house keeper sir,' Sho concluded with a deep, reverential courtesy. ' And who is your grandfather, my little maid ?' ' Mr. Hern — this is house, sir I' The young secretary checked another short laugh, by covering his lips with a well-shaped hand, and said — ' Indeed, that is a piece of information ; thank you. And what did you want with Mrs. Badge?' ' I thought she would be kind enough to hear my spelling, sir.' Mr. Arthur William Stanmore took the dirty book from the hands of the young scholar, and slightly glanced at the page before him. 'You have learned your lesson?' he inquired. *' Oh, yes f sir.' 'Good girl,' he said. 'How old are you?' ' Ten, sir.' 'Ten! a good working age. There,' giving back the spelling-book, ' you may go now, and here's half-a-crown to put in your money-box. What did you say your name was ?' 'Avice.' ' Avice ! old-fashioned name — old-fash- ioned child,' mused he. Then, addressing her, he said, ' you lost your way coming here, did you noS, Miss Avice ?' ' Yes, sir.' ' Mr. Xiowry, will you be kind enough to ring the 'bell? . The orderly can show the child to the housekeeper's room,' he said, taking up his pen. ? The old. gentleman, who was chief clerk, and kept his brougham, and a villa at Nor wood, rang the bell as directed, and as Avice found some difficulty in re-opening the door, he rose, with much evident dis gust, and, after turning the handle, gently pushed the child out of the room. ' You musn't do this again — very silly, very absurd,' he said, with a remarkable volubility cf speech. ' Tell Mrs. Badge to keep you to your own room, and not to, to, to, to come disturbing gentlemen in the oiSce again. There's th6 orderly, ask him to show you to your own apartments j there, go along, go' along !' And with a parting push on the back, he returned to the secretary, who was affi-jri-ng his signature to a paper that would be a spelling lessen to all England, and afford matter for a next week's leader i_. the Tores. (TO BE CONIDnXED.') At the last meeting of the Burwood Council Alderman Bedgian disputed the right of the Mayor and overseer to order the removal of a cer tain street lamp in George-street without consult ing the aldermen of the ward. A petition was presented by Alderman -_. E. KuBsell-Jones, urg ing the Railway Commissioners to provide an entrance to the eastern end of the platform of the JBurwood Eailway Station. It was decided to forward the petition on to the commissioners for consideration. The overBe9r reported that the new culvert across the Burwood^oad had acted splendidly during the recent heavy rains. In con nection with the lowering pf the levels of the Bur wood-roadin the vicinity of the railway station, and owing to the recent alterations caused by the widening of the railway u-.^ Alderman Eedman pointed out that the cpst was in excess of the ^specification and estimate to the extent of JE214. -alderman Paisley, m explanation, said that it was distinctly understood that the estimate given was without labor. So^e of the extra cost was caused by the necessity of constructing a culvert of larger dimensions than was anticipated. There were always extras m works of this character which could not be provided for on first observa tion. These facts were endorsed and supported by the Mayor and Alderman Archer. 