DONG A BRA. * (from our own Coriesp'jiident.) Nothing of particular iinte has occurred here since my last. Hence yon haa no correspondence. The bay harvest is nearly completed. There arc still large quantities in the fieldsto be carted in. Most of the cuttinz has been p aforaied by the Reapers and Binders and, in some cast 8, heavy wheat crops for hay have been cut. The wheat crops arc nearly ready to reap, and, notwithstanding the red rust., should turnout satisfactory results. The w eather foijthe past few days has been very warm, with dry east winds. A rather disastrous fire took place on the 29ih ult., (it is said that it was occasioiicd by sparks fiom a pttsdng engine) in the viciuity of Nhmgoo. Aooul SOU a res of good feed was destroyed, 10 acrcs of hurley of Mr. Stevens', FOUIC bar of Mr. Krands', a stable of Mr. H. F. Walileck's, a shepherds hut and contents and a stack of hay, ami other damages, in tlie ease of Mr. Stevens, a small invalid farmer—who lost the whole of his crop—is very severe, in fact the general losses are such that no person can afford to suffer. Had the wind not changcd, some hundreds of tons of hay would have been destroyed, besides standing crops. Knough has been said and talked of about the spark protectors. The result is well known. If an individual causes a tire, he is liable; if a railway company docs the same the law should apply in like manner. l\c. Pollard visited the 6uene of the fire, and, with the assistance of the neighbours, Icpi the fire from spreading, but their cffoits would have been unavailing if the wind from the cast had continued, and this (ire is undoubtedly only the firstof a series if something is not done for the prevention of the same. The Rer. G. E. Howe, of Perth, the Chairman of the Wesleyan district, has been here on a pastoral visit. He preached at the Wesley Church on Tuesday evening, taking his text from Acts 11 chap. 24 verso. " For he was a good man, aud full of the Holy Ghost and of faith." The sermon was replete with anecdote, both instructive and amusing, and a large audience listened to it with attention for 33 minutes—of course about twice tiic usual time. Yet it was like, Barnabas, good.—On Wednesday evening, tlie Rev. gentleman delivered a lecture in the Mechanics* Institute entitled " The old folks at home." Hie Hall was fairly well filled, and the very amusing Cornish anecdotes that he favored us with (coupled with the dialet) rendered the evening an exceedingly pleasant one. Hiss Pearso presided at the piano, and favored us with some music and singing. After a vote of thanks having been accorded to the lecturer, the meeting terminated. The Bev. G. E. Rowo wet the district officers for the pur]^ot» of arranging for next year's supply, and we understand that the present intention is to send a married Minister from South Australia, to reliev* the Bev. Mr. Prior, wbo is to be stationed at Perth. At the Dongarra Polioo Court hetdfo-dxy, W. Abbott was sentenced to six weeks imprisonment, for being in the unlawful possession of a bottle of " Sandy Grant" whisky, but Sandy Grant did not lose the whisky.' The proprietor of the Irwin Hotel was the sufferer. 