[?] WIY LADY. [By A. Jamiesom Wkainfohd.] (Author of 'Madge,' 'Dorothy Warner,' and other short stories.) CHAPTER III — ALICIA — ELEANOR. — Coil tinioed. ' Come out; into the garden after supper, Mias Preston,' said ona of the handsomest of Alicia's favoured adorers. ' It's grand outside in the fresh air this warm tnght. ' ' It's a lovely way to spend Christinas Eve a b a ball, I think,' observed Alicia, 'lam so glad my biriihday ia on the twenty-fourth.' ' Ah ! That reminds me, said her companion, a young and fashionably dressed man, putting his hand into his breast-pocket. ' I have omitted to presont my humble offering to the princess of many charms, ' He drew forth a small white packet and placed ifc in her hand. ? Thanka many,' she said with a slight geBture of affectation. But really,the light here is far too dim to do justice to its probable merit. Let us walk down the drive1 to the gates where the lamps are shining so brilliantly. What say you, Mr Trinbad?' He bowed hia assent. They went-down the broad white drive, and paused before the gates, where the strong light from the lamps fell full upon them. Alicia opf-ned her packet and disclosed. 3 valuable jeweled hair ornament. 'Beautiful ! Exquisite .' ' ahe exclaimed with a little scream of delight;, which came to ani abrupt pause as the voice of the policeman stationed outside the gates reached her ear. He was speaking in rough tones of authority to a woman who was pressing against the bars of the gates and rstaring somewhat wildly at A'icia and Mr Trinbad. 'Now th»n, missis, move on. Move on, I say ! ' ? Move on, ia it ? ' returned the woman in tipsy derision. 'Look at her! My lawk! Ain't she a beauty?' ' Hush, mother !' s»id a low earnest voice, and the speaker, a young woman, plainly but neatly dressed, approached, and placed a hand on the oiher's arm. ' Oome home with me, mother. See how late ii is growing.' ' Go home yeraelf Nellie, I'm a^oih' to give my child me blessin'. Ain't she a beauty ? Ha ! ha ! ha !' Involuntarily Eleanor, for ib was she, turned her eyea in the direction indicated by Bess's shaking finger. What did she Bee?! A beautiful young lady, elegantly dressed, with a fleecy shawl lightly thrown round her gleaming white shoulders. She just met the gaze of those brilliant dark eyes,' and her own fell. 'Mother, mother,' she pleaded, 'Have pity, mother. Oome home now.' Bess laughed, but pushed Eleanor a persuasive hand away, at the same time making a hilarious attempt to knock the latter'B hat off. It was then that the silent spectators in the garden saw her face. Singularly fair and refined it lookeu for one in the Btation to which ahe appeared to belong, and now rendered more than usually pathetic by the pained and pleading expression it wore, made more than a passing impression upon Alicia and Mr Trinbad. Neither npoke, and neither moved. The policeman spoke again. ' Look here ,misais,you juat'move on or I'll ran yer in.' Eleanor turned to him. ' Please, sir, be patient for a moment — but for a moment;' her voice broke. 'I can't have yer mother a makin' a 'sturbance here yer know,' the policeman returned good naturedly ' Still I'll give yer a moment to get her to go on, but no more of them remarks ,missie, mind.' Beas had never ceased to stare at Alicia, who on her part had stared back again. A more refined nature would probably have suggested immediate retirement from the proximity of an intoxifjated woman, but Alicia felt only amused, inter- ested, and possibly 'slightly sympathetic, as regarded the owner of that pure pale face. Eleanor spoke again. ' Mother, for my sake, como home now. See,mother,I will help you' She drew the tipsy creature's arm under hare, and attempted to lead her away. ' Ta, ta !' said Bess looking at Alicii, 'Ta, ta !' She lnosoned the ragged aunbonnet she wore, and waved it f= cetiously. and her still abun dant, but grizzled hair fell thickly on her shoulders, and thus she disappeared from sight on Eleanor's arm. ' Good Heavens !' exclaimed Mr Trin bad drawing a deep breath, ' what a lot for that girl ! Did you notice her, Mias Preston ? With a face like an angel, and such a sweet voice. Oursed with a mother like that wretched creature.' Mr Trinbad was seldom moved, and Alicia regarded him with some slight astonish ment. ' OE course I noticed the poor thing,' she said shrugging her shoulders, 'but let us go in, dancing is just about to commence again.' 1 Utterly heartless,' reflected Mr Trin bad an he gave Alicia his arm, feeling rather virtuous himself, as he compared tbe former's appartmt indifference with the compapsinnatp sen'impnta be had just expressed. ' By Jnvn ! SbVfl be a good rna'ch in a worldly oorisn rf t.he term, but give me someone less sfjln*h in whos-i anatomy the organ of feeling is not quite wanting.' ' How dull you are,Mr Trinbad,' vouch safed! Alicia, slightly raising her eyebrows, the gentleman had made no furthsr remark. 'One is liable to become slightly overawed at times, in the presence of such a galaxy of beauty,' he observed laconically, surveying the gay scene before him with a glance of small interest. In.truth his thoughts had returned to that pale pure face he had seen momen tarily, when the tipsy woman had tossed back ' her daughter's hat, he had noted the look of shame and sorrow which had convulsed the fair classic features upon being bared to the view of his companion and himself. He fancied he again heard the low accents of that pleading voice, and something akin to sympathy stirred within him aB he did so. The dance over, he wandered listlessly into one and another of the many rooms which had been ;thrown open to Sir James Preston's gu-sts, and at last found himself in the library. Whilst there, his cisual glance was arrested by the portrait: of Alicia, hanging near the window. He walked towafds it, and being something of .--n artist himself, prepared i;o criticise it freely. But. lo, lie pauspd, with wide open! eyes, fie he had proceeded more than :a few paces, exclaiming, ' By Jove !' Then a moment sfterwardn, ' almost tho fac simile as I'm alive ! most extra ordinary !'In the sweet face - f Alicia, hf saw reproduced the delicate Hnaments of that ;pure pale face, which had so im pressed him at tho gates. ' A wonderful coincidence,' he remarked to himself c I must find out who wan tho original of this portrait.' Then he began to Btudy tbe same attentively, though he could scarcely have told himself why he did so. How long he stood there he never knew, but at laBt Sir James entered in quest of a book con taining a quotation over which there had been some dispute between two of hia guests. Ah ! Mr Trinbad, you have discovered a weakness for the companionship of books, j see,' he said genially. Mr Trinbad turned hastily round. ' Sif James,' he aaid without ceremony, 'whase I portrait ia this V I ? That !' faltered Sir James, ' that ia the j portrait of my only daughter, and she is I dead ' His voice grew husky. I ' My dear sir, I beg your pardon, but I is Miss Alicia her child 1 I perceive no I resemblance,' said Mr Trinbad somewhat I mystified. I ' There is not the slightest resemblance,' I said Sir James, ' yet Alicia is her child, I her only child/ He turned and left the I room, but without the book he sought, I CHAPTER V. — 'it?' CHILD, IHY TIME HAS I NOT 'XET COME ' I For a time Bess walked quietly on, I leaning heavily on Eleanor's arm, but I every now and then she muttered to her- I aelf, and occasionally clutched at the jjirl I to sav-e herself from falling, as the effect I of 1 he alcohol she had so freely imbibed I began to show itself more forcibly. Pro- I senfcly she halted before the bar of a small I and ill lit public-house, and despite I Eleanor's utmost efforts to dissuade her I from duing ao entered and called loudly I for beer, leaving the former waiting out- I side in the moonlight. The atmosphere I was heavy after the sultry summer day, I and redolent of stagnant gutters, stale I tobacco, and spirits where Eleanor was I standing. She felt faint, weary, sick at I heart, and involuntarily she uttered a I faint moan ao she waited. A passer-by I heard the sound low though ifc was, and I paused to learn its import. I ' You are ill, faint,' said he kindly, I drawing near to Pleanor. I ' No,' and ahe moved a little, which I caused the light from the open door of I the bar to fall upon her face. I The speaker started. He was a mer- I chant belonging to a largo and well known I firm, a grey haired man and the father I of a family. He had thought to see I probably a half-starved factory girl or a I slovenly maid ; instead he saw a pure I oval face, the fine lines in which were I only equalled by the expression of ex- I quieite refinement which it wore. I ? Good heavens !' ho exclaimed, ' What I evpr brings you here ?' I In a voice so low, bo tremulous with I nhame and sorrow, that he could scarcely I hear it, Eleanor replied that she waited I for her mjthpr. I 'Mother.1' exclaimed her interlocutor, I What ! Your mother in that low place ? I El?anor bowed her fair face in assent. I Wi.hout giving himself time for I rbonght, the gentleman entered the dirty I lifctie bar, and Jooked round at its I occupants. Two or three rough looking I men, and one woman in bedraggled I skirts and a lorn sun -bonnet, comprised I the same. They. all turned and Btared at I the newcomer, and then he Baw that the ? woman's face was large and coarse- I fpatured, and that it bore traces of con- ? tiuued dissipation, and then he waited I fur no more. I ' Listen,' he said, hurriedly addressing I Eleanor, ' T am the father of a'family, I ? have daughters no older than you ac ? home. If you have somehow got into I that womaij's power tell me how it is I sad I will help you.' I Eleanor lifted her pale face and I steadily regarded him before answer- I ing, Then *he Eaid slowly ' She ? it my mother. I have lived with I her all my life. I think there ia no help I for me, but I thank you ; oh, yes, I thank ? you.' Kbo covered her face in her hands I and turned away. H ' Ni^ver,' aald the grey haired gentleman I excitedly. ' Never were mother and I child uinro unlike.' He put his hand I into hisj jocket and drew out a card which H he placed in Eleanor's hand. 'If you are I ever in need of help, such aB I could I lurnish, come to that address,' he said. H £)he thanked him -.nechanically, and took H ma oaru, out ane cuci not look at it. Tnen ? she again raisad her eyes, great wistful I blue eyes, to his face, and said with such ? a spiritless air that it wrung his heart to I witness it. ' There ia but one way of I escape open to me.' I ' And that is ? ' queried the gentleman I eagerly. H ' Through death,' said Eleanor. He I raised his hand doprecatingly, but Bhe ? had paaied into the topen bar, and he I could do no other than go on his way. I It was with the utmost difficulty that I Eleanor succeedftd in persuading BeBB to I allow herself to be taken home, but at I last reeling, shouting at intervals, and! making the night hideouB with unearthly, I l|es, she reached her destination, bt Hfb before similar sounds emanating froi Htc own room 8 reached her ear. Hig ?Jched voices, noisy laughter, ribal Hfnarks filled the air. Their door stoo Hln, and in the first room were perhap ^Hdozan men and women holding Sunken revelry. Thuir appearance wt H leted by a general uproar, and crieB o Hjum on, Bess! Here's to me lady ?Flth! A pint for me lady ! We don Mfdown with quality 7i9very day ! ' HBess staggered to the table, on whio Hfod several black bottles, and helpe ^Bvself. Near the door but taking n ^|. t in the proceedings aat a broad-face ^|i\ng man with a mild,but not too intell ^B jit expression. As Besa left Eleanor H [a f.nd staggered in, the latter gave on ^M (d terrified glance round the room an ^M ned away. H tCum on, me lady ; yer's notgoin , I H ',' said an ill looking man in a lou ^| ce, rising from his seat on the flooi H b at the door he found his exit barrec H a broad-faced young man had ah H f,n for the purpose of thrusting hii H 'at form in the doorway. ' Out of th H y,' paid the ill- looking stranger, tryinj H iBSume a tone of boldness, albeit th H fc that he possessed a shaking frame. H You'll feel the weight o' this first, H .lied the other, baring an enormous fis ^B . arm as he spoke.. H ?ho ill-looking man scowled fiercely H I returned to his seat notwithstanding H jleanwhile the owner of unlimited siz- H & muscle remained at the door till al H I once more applied themselves to th- 1 1& bottles ; then he slouched out intc H 'narrow street slowly, aimlessly as ii H e, till out of the sight and hearing oi H tipsy revellers ; and then he shook his H e form and walked off at a brisk pace, H [e was one of the few friends thai H anor possessed, and now he was going H earch of her to protect her, to help H fiad a shelter for the night, bui H ther should he go ? H jter that wild despairing glance, ^| imor had fled into the moonlit street H what direction she knew not, till z ^| it ehilliness in the atmosphere and ^| ,'hoarso croaking of frogs, told her thai H jwas near the river. But she went on ^| dly, as well be by the river as else H re, since there wad no place for her to ^| o. Like a mocking phantom rose the H are in her fancy of the beautiful lady H :ichly dressed, her handsome lover, H id, and perhaps husband, and the H )y garden. She thought she saw Ho. their glances of pity, pity for her, ? ;; outcast, the beggar, who knew not Hfre to lay her head. The drunkard's Hfl, an object of pity, of scorn, of aver H ; She clasped her thin hands and H:':ed on, and on, and on across the HI bridge, and then back again, back H la and forwards, backwards and for H Is. She looked at the river far H w, and noted the silver gleam of H noonlight on its rushing torrent, and H looked and looked, till the water ^| aied a cruel fascination for her, till H ;urgling eddies seemed to speak, and H is what they said. ' There is but one I of escape for you and that is death, H ;d, death,1- Die while you are young, H free from the atainofsin. Die while ^| ire able to lay claim to other than the H of man. Die while you are in pos H on of your own respect.' Fragments H :e wise counsels she had received from H philanthropic ladies who attended the H b school returned to her memory, H ihey seemed only to mock her misery. H e seemed no hope, no help for ber. H 'n and again she clasped and un H |ed her thin hands, again and H [ she moaned and sobbed in H ilsh of spirit. What was there H i.fe for her to do? Her mother, H ?e to the morbid craving which had H Wised her beyond redemption in H ?irorld, no longer could she save her ? ^temptation, no longer influence her ? food. Still she was her mother, and I j'ould not leave her; in order to better H^wn condition, Bhe could only die. Ivs once thit fevered brain was stilled H^VouM have peace; the sore struggles, ?|iUer rebellion, the unsatisfied long ?for what was good and great, all l|i be at an end, all would be swallowed I! the quiet of the grave. She raised Haves to the moonlit heavens, and fured, ? Beautiful sky, I could be ,7 there.' Bub at that moment a l|| trembling seized her frame, there Ifi sound as of rushing winds, and it I then in a low soft tone were these words m spoken 'in her ear, 'My child, thy time ;h has not yet come. Flee, ere thou corn id mittest a great sin.' A wonderful calm id fell upon her Btricken spirit. She turned is to see from whom those words came, but a she was alone. She did not wonder, Burely is that voice, those words, were born of f, Heaven rather than earth. She looked 'b again at the gleaming waters, but with 't what different feelings 1 No longer did they possess a fascination for her, but h instead, an inexpressible loathing filled d her soul, a horror of the terrible tempta 10 tion which had so lately beset her. She d pressed her hand tightly over her eyes to i- shut ' out the horrible sight. ' Lord, I 's thank Thee,' she Baid brokenly, ' I thank le Thee for saving me from a great wrong, d Forgive me. Oh, forgive me.' The young man of elephantine propor 11 tions met Eleanor a little way from the d Rcene of her sore trial ; he uttered an r. exclamation of gladness as he did ao. 1\. ' Oh, Eleanor, he eaid, ' I'm right glad 0 to find you.' Then he paused for want s of words to expresB his feelings. 'Right e glad I am,' be repeated, and then he g stopped again. e 'Have you been looking for me, Matt?' she asked gently. ,' ' Aye, I soon set out. I'd have broken t all their bones before I would have let them foller yer. Aye, I'd have broken all their bones,' he said slowly. ' Matt was Eleanor's humble follower, espousing her cause upon each and every ? occasion, and many were the blows given by that huge fist to ensure the latter'B 3 freedom from the persecution of unwel ' come and unwarrantable attentions. P ',You are very good to me,' Eleanor said wearily. J ' Good, yer call it. If yer only would ' let me be good to yer, Eleanor, I'd take care on yer all yer life. Yes, I'd take : ' care on yer all yer life.' ^ Hdr gentleness had emboldened her bashful and somewhat uncouth lover to declare himself. Hitherto she had some 1 how kept him at a distance, but to-night ; ; the severe mental strain through which i * she had juafc passed had unnerved her, i I and made it impossible to maintain her i t accustomed reserve. i 1 'I'm very fond o' you, Eleanor,' he vouchsafed awkwardiy as he found that i she did not (peak. j She looked at him, at his big, broad, ] stupid, good-natured fdce,and she shivered c slightly as she did bo. I ' I'm awfully fond of yer, Eleanor,' he repeated, apparently afraid that she i doubted the assurance. ' I — I believe you c are, Matt, and I am very grateful to you t for all your goodness to me, but I could r not marry you.' i ' Oh,' said the disappointed Matt, 'are 1 you sure, Eleanor?1 p ' Quite sure Matt.' s ' But if yer were ter marry me,Eleanor, ' I'd be so good to yer, and stand up for h yer 'gainst everyone and everythink. The love would come, for I'm awfully a fond o1 yer, Eleanor.' y ' Listen, Matt,' said Eleanor, ' if you 1 were to ask me for a lovely flower, fresh I and sweet, and moist with mountain dew, t' and I offered you a bruised and withered ' stalk, what would you do ?' t ? Throw it away,' replied Matt prac- t tically. t 'I thought so,' Eleanor said gravely, but the ghost of a smile played round about her sweet mouth as she spoke. 1 Matt stared at her with a look of tl wonder in his round eyes, then he said, ' When I see you a-sewing and a-sewing, h a-straining your poor dim eyes by a bad ' taller candle, and a-crackin' yourgpoor bent back all day, it makes me feel — I h don't know how it makes me feel,1 and tl he passed his great hand over his now w sheepish eyes to hide the tear that P lurked there. Eleanor was moved. She put out E a thin roughened hand and timidly pi touched one of the huge clenched p] fists. Matt looked down at the fe touch, and his fingers enclosed and gi imprisoned Eleanor's. ? It does me good, oi he said with a suId. ' it d«asi!me pond innf-. to 'old your 'and. I know I ain't fit fer yer, Eleanor, I know I might as well ex pect a hangel from 'eaven to 'ave me, as ter think o' you.' ' It is not that, Matt/ Bald Eleanor nervously, 'you are good, how good' I alone can tell. Do you suppose I hare not known that you have followed me whenever I have been late home, that you have done this to save me from annoy ance, and that it mattered not how tired you were after your hard day's work on the wharf, you never failed to be there if I were late. Do you think I do not know how good you are to yonr widowed mother, or how steady you have always been ? 'but as she said this Eleanor gently but firmly withdrew her hand from Matt's. But Matt was elated at her praise, his dull face positively glowed with satisfaction. Surely she must like him after all, or she wouldn't say such nice thingo. ' Eleanor,' ho Baid, ' where are you going to-night?1 She turned & troubled face towards him. ' I do not know, Matt.' VUUJU UUUlt? Kilt IllWIflJCl i3, UU O'lIU eagerly, { she'll be glad enough to have yer.' Eleanor shook her head. Matt's face fell. ' Why not, Eleanor 1 Mother would be kind to yer,' she Baid wonderingly. She looked at him for a few moments without speaking, and then Bhe said Blowly — ' Are you offering me a shelter for the night in your mother's home, as you would anyone who was poor and friendless, anyone who had no place to lay her head, or are you offering me assistance because — because you love me?' Matt opened his round eyes. ' I'd lend anyone a helping hand, Eleanor, anyone as came in me way, but I'd soouer the person was you, Eleanor, sooner than anyone else, for I'm very fond of yer, Eleanor,' he added. ' Listen, Matt, I will accept the shelter of your mother's roof to-night if she offers it, just the same as an outcast dog would take advantage of a corner by the fireside, dumbly, gratefully; but think of me only as that outcast —say to your mother 'Here isahomeless,friendleBS — ' ' 'Never friend less ! ' exclaimed Matt, his dull eves lighting, ? never friendless while this arm can make good use of itB muscle.' ' Say to your mother/ continued Eleanor, 'that you have brought one who cannot lay claim to other than the care of the Supreme Being, of whom we can but dimly think as a ruling power as great and wise as it is just and merciful, but which is, notwithstanding, to us most inscrutable.' She appeared to have for gotten to whom she was speaking, and Matt, who had barely comprehended half )f what she had said, was riot sorry to lave reached his mother's door. An elderly woman sat in the front room limly in the moonlight which streamed hrough the window. Her son struck a natch and lit a small lamp which Btood lpon a table in the middle of the room, Chen he put one of his great hands, ;ently though be it said, on his mother's houlder. She started, and awoke. You're late, Matt/ was all she said seeing lira only. ' Aye, mother, but I've brought a bird .s has lost its nest to yer, mother. Can -er, will yer take care on it, mother V Chen Matt shuffled to one side, and SJeanor spoke 'lam without shelter for he night/ she said colouring painfully, Your son discovered that I had nowhere o go, and he said he thought that you, hat you perhaps would be so good as to ake me in/ she ended abruptly. ' Your name V asked Matt's mother. 'I know only my Christian name/ said Jleanor, her cheeks flushing anew * and aat Is Eleanor.' 'My Lady!' exclaimed the woman, lvoluntarily. Eleanor bowed her head. Thoy call me by that name,' she eaid. 'I know/ said Matt's mother, extending er hands. Poor child, poor child ! May le Lord pity and help ye. You're right WAWV1UV V\S VUU U11U1 UUJL \J 1U V UUU1 J. \J\Ji. t 'oor lamb, poor lamb.' The continued strain had severely taxed lleanor's strength, and now this unex scted kindness from Matt's mother roved too much for her overwrought lelings. She essayed to express her ?atitude, but burst into a helpless flood : tears^instead. (To he continued.) 