ENTERTAINMENTS. MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. Mr. Walter Bentley's treatment of Hamlet— themany-featuredoharaoter—this psychological paradox—isexactly what one would expect from an actor of great natural ability, clear brain, and patient, persevering disposition who has studied under Irving. Like Montgomery and Fairolougb, the two greatest exponents of the part we have had^ here, Mr. Bentley is happily free from mannerism and staginess, except some little tricks of speech which oan hardly come within the category. His walk is natural, his beanng manly, and his by- play full of delicate details so cleverly contrived that only the keenest observer oan consider them studied. When the new tragedian appeared ' on Saturday night he was greeted as I warmly as he could have wished, and as he pro oeeded to unfold by word and action his .plan of Hamlets inner nature the house followed with keen interest, and called him forth on curtain-fall at every interval. The develop- ' mentofthat eore distraction withwhioh the heir to Denmark's throne iB punished was care fully and conscientiously wrought to the tragio finish, but it strikes us that the oourteous quality of Hamlet's noble nature is hardly so graoiously expressed as we have seen it done, for Hamlet is essentially a gallant gentleman, versed in all the manly sports, aooomplishments, and ceremonious duties of the time, and courtesy sits well on him wheu_ the call is made. Perhaps Mr. Bentley, wishing to accentuate the grief and morbid tone of Hamlet's temper, purposely makes him oold in his welcome of his guests and in his commands for their proper disposal. In some versions Hamlet throws off his morbid air and beoomes the stately oourtly prinoe, thus showing by strong contrast the darkness of bis moodiness when the fit is on him, and the complexity of his character as a whole. Mr. Bentley, however, may see a subtler mean ing m the phrase" Come then: the appur tenance of weloome is fashion and ceremony ; let me comply with you in this garb, lest my extent to the players, whioh I tell you must show fairly outward, should more appear like entertainment than yours." We do pot suggest for a moment that the aotor entirely overlooked the refinement of Hamlet "to tone, air, and thought expressed there stood before the houso a m&u; of princely mien, born and bred in a Court, with all suoh ad vantages that his exalted] position oould give him, a student, a oavalier, and one of nature's noblemen. That was all apparent; it was ab straction and the lack of warmth when custom called for feeling that seemed to mar, though slightly, an otherwise admirable deportment, This was nobioeable even in the olose associa tion with Horatio. The intellectuality of Hamlet is one of Mr. Bentley's trump cards. He plays upon the sensitive strings of his hero s morbid mind with the tender touch of one who knows the delioate instrument well. Many will agree with us that the finest pieoe of acting in the whole absorbing performance was in his treatment of Ophelia. There was so much of tenderness without passion and nervous agony without fierceness, which gave double significance to Ophelia's heart broken, pathebio ciy— O what a noble mind fs here o'erthrown! Tbe courtier's, soidier's, scholar's eye. tonrrue. sword; * Tbe expectancy and tcbb of the fair state Tbe glass of fashion and tbe mould of form. It was indeed a shuddering sight to see That noble and most sovereign reason, Like Bweet bells jangled out of tune and harsh. And this soene was made the more impressive by the ^ attitude ^ and tone of tbe distraught Prince is the delivery of the famous soliloquy "To be or not to be," whioh immediately precedes this painful, powerfully pour trayed interview. Mr. Bentley was self restrained in the trying scene with his royal mother, and did not behave with the royal mother, and did not behave with the almost frantic violenoe some actors assume. Indeed much of the same chivalry which was interwoven with his wild words in dealing with Ophelia appeared to serve him in the ordeal with the Queen, despite the horror and disgust which jarred the fine, highly strung sinews of his lofty mind. But we might cover pages in analyzing Mr. Bentley's diagnosis of Hamlet's] mental constitution. Mr. Stoneham's style of ghost did not excite our awe. Mr. E. B. HuBsellmade a conventional ClaudiuB, and wore his robes and crown at Ophelia's funeral. Miss Kate Bishop made a comely Gertrude, but was not particu larly strong in the scene with her stern, dis tracted, upbraiding son. We have little else but praise for Miss Marie Fraser's Ophelia It was gentle, maidenly, and graceful, without self - oonBciouBness, the main defect being a peculiarity in enunciation. She has what aotresses value highly—a singularly flexible, pliant figure—and her movements were eaey and natural. The mad scene was toucbingly worked out. As for Ophelia's venerable father, Folonius, he had bettor justice done him by Mr. L. MaoGowan than usually falls to his lot, for that gentleman presented him as a dignified though of course garrulous old man, whose demeanour suggested that he had reached the rank of Lord Chamberlain by good servioe. Folonius is often made a doddering old gabbler, but he appeared in a better guise on Saturday night, and his advioe to his son was given in the authoritative but kindly parental manner of a grey-bearded man of the world, who knew its ways and wiles. The wayward Hamlet treated him with less of the contempt than usually falls to hiB lot when actors of less judgment than Mr. Bentley chaff him in the olassio terms of the text. The gravedigging scene was not so well carried out as it has been here in Adelaide, but the house relished the grim wit of the old earthworm and his companion well enough. The rest of the oast as follows *— "Laertes, Mr. H. K. Roberts; Horatio, Mr. H. Hill; Rosenorantz, Mr. M. Majeroni (ft eon of the late deeply deplored Majetom, by-the way); Guildenstem, Mr. A. M. Sea ton; Mar oelluB, Mr. H. Lookton; Bernardo. Mr. O. Wakefield; players, Messrs. Foriham and Grant; priest, Mr. G. Hughes; Osrio, MiBB V. Vivienne; aotress. Miss Ina Laurenoe; page, Miss R. Aslin, The dresses were handsome and appropriate, and the soenery does not need mnch comment. Mr. Bentley's costume was composed of theususl rioh and sombre habili ments of woe associated with Hamlet, relieved by a little white facing to the collar, which was very effective. There is room for some small improvement in the general performance in certain directions— for instance, we do not like the omission of the flute episode—but as for Mr. Bentley's impersonation itself his version is highly acceptable—a graphic picture of intense conflicting emotions in which the subjeot never loseB watchfulness. Indeed, that is what strikes ns forcibly about Mr. Bentley s style, his Hamlet is alert and Keen with a suspiciousness which has nothing commonplace or suggestive of a madman's cunning about it. When his vague suspecting is approaching certainty there is an iri aesonbable restlessness and enquiry about his brilliant eyes. The pure tragedy buskin fits to™, y?11 witoont a doubt. That the house liked ms acting was proved by the enthusiastic method of the final call, compelling Mr. Bentley nnd his company to boar for some' minutes Iwneath the hurrioane of applause. "David Garrick", played by Mr. tSantley and bis company on Wednesday night, - IB a clever comedy and a good one, clear of the scggestiveness which en many plays portraying the life of the period possess, and full of the fine subtle wit which strikes bo much deeper than ooarser humour. There ie a wealth of wit and humauity about the piece, and in its picturesque ooatumery it is a piece one can enjoy with ear and eye. The romance and humour of it are enough to awaken our sympathies. Moreover, the hero is a man whose character, to impersonate, requires more than a well-knit frame and a flexible voice. There is depth in it, because as Garrick has to assume a vice when he has it not the actor is put upon his mettle, for there is acting within acting. Perhaps the finest scene is the one in which Garrick, for a laudable, nay noble, purpose, viz., to wean a romantic stage-Btruck girl of a hope less love infatuation, poses as a reckless rollicking drunkard, is the finest oi ail. It is a scene in which the actor runs the i isle of spoil ing the effect by exaggeration, nnd yet as a counterfeit posing in the part of a man wbc is not what he eeeme to be, he must c j it so well as to reflect no discredit on Lb* role. As Garrick acting he must act wi'.h truth to nature, and the test is a severe oue when critical eyes are upon him. There is also the undet current of pity and respect for the un mistakable agony of the girl whom mind he j ie trying to cure of a romantic passion, j This influence, appealing as it does, to j a man of chivalrous nature, makes the masquerading hero almost betray himself and complicates the trial of the actor's powers. He has to enact the part of the dissipated scamp well enough to warrant the idea of the girl and those around her being deceived, and 1 yet he has oIbo to show the audienoe that in { reality he feels compunotion for her, and thns these complications require quick transitions ! carefully carried out to completeness, or the j scene goes flat. Looking at the porformanoe in these lights, we liked Mr. Bentley'e impersona- j tion of David Garriok very well, and yet there was a something wanting which cannot be | exactly defined. PerhapB he was a little " off- j colour." to use a colloquialism. At any j rate the soene with that good but coarse j old soul. Alderman Ingot, was wanting in finish. It was cold and a trine spiritless, but in the uproarious drunken soene, whioh really makes the life and text of the play, Mr. Bentley rose to the oooasion, and, without overstepping the line, made the act as enter taining, with a dash of sentiment, as the most critical of the spectators could wish. He was very effective in the quick ohanges from the simulated intoxication to sober earnest, compelled by the rush of feeling under the wild appeal of Ada Ingot, the lady for whose sake he consents to tem porarily obliterate his better self in simulated , ribaldry and inebriety. He was decidedly effective in the final soene, where the real nobility of Garrick'e mind comes out in his in terview with the lovesick girl. The house saw beneath the surface and applauded to the echo. Respecting the talented actor Mr. Walter Bentley, whose quality lovers of the legiti mate drama will have an opportunity of testing shortly, on exchange says:—"Mr. Walter Bentley, theeminenttragedian, hasoom pleted a somewhat stirring, yetmost successful, tour in New Zealand, through which, judging from the accounts of the looal press, he made something akin to a royal progress. At the ' different centres of population extremely good fortune attended him in the shape of a newspaper controversy on ' Church and Stage.' One illustrated paper went so far as to give a dual picture, one side representing the Auckland Opera-house crowded to the doors to witness a performance of ' Hamlet while the other represented a well-known divine, who had attacked the stage, preaching in a spacious tabernacle to a desert sea of empty i benches. These controversies invariably resulted as that of which the Rev. A. Marshall I was the subject did in Melbourne. Mr. j Bentley was made the recipient of testi monials and addresses to no end; and, laden with these interesting tributes to his popu larity, be is now about to begin another tour through Australia, opening a season at Ade laide Royal on March 1." The Era for August 27 is responsible for the following paragraph -. — "Mr. Gladstone, always energetic in the cause of reform, has just made an attempt to bridge over the abyss which divides our dramatists from practical, life. It is long since _ we have had a play wright who was not either purely a man of letters or an actor. Tom Taylor was, perhaps, the last who was a worker of some distinction in the Suiie service as well as a writer of plays. It is not so, of necessity, elsewhere. In Spain, for example, Senor Eehegary was at onoe a leading politician, a famous engineer, and] one of the first of dramatists; and now Mr. Glad stone has determined, not to write a play him self—though in a few years he will probably find this vent for his superfluous enemy neces sary—but be has included in his Ministry the author of one of the most popular of modern plays. This author is Mr. Herbert Gardner, and the play—for which even a Cabinet Minister need not have blushed—is 'Our Bitterest Foe.'" Lord Tennyson's "Beoket" is to be pro duced at last by Henry Irving at the Lyoeum. It has been promised long enough and often enough, and the patient public are thankful to hear that Henry Irving will give them " Beclcet" as soon as he is done with "King Lear." "' Beoket" was originally written for production by Mr. Irving, and its appearance will doubtless cause considerable discussion regarding the power of the late Lord Tennyson as a dramatist. It is to be hoped that " Beoket" will meet with a warmer weloome than was accorded either to " The Promise of May" or " Queen Mary." The Pull Mall Gazette saysAn " Achurcb Charrington Dramatic Company" is in oourse of formation. Efforts are being made to pro vide a theatre where (to quote the prospectus seDt out) "men and women may enjoy the best dramatic literature and acting under somewhat different conditions from those which generally prevail on the English stage." A permanent body of artists will be formed, "which will not, however, preclude special engagements for special parts; exoellenoe both of individual acting and of ensemble will be secured, and while a successful production is holding the evening bill other plays will be tned at afternoon performances. These (and the other) objects of the Association are so excellent that it would be churlish not to wish it every success. Elton has not lost much time. He had hardly said good-by to Australia when he Booted another success. He has "caught on" in London. 