THEN AND NOW. Men who play fast and loose with political principles just as the occasion seems to require often find the ghosts of past actions unpleasant companions on f<hB nnlitipfll battle field. Tlio turned cout of a political leader sometimes forms the best flag under which opposing parties could march to his overthrow. In calling attention to the Premier's position and utterances regarding property taxation ten years ago Mr. Reid has scored heavily against him. As Treasurer of the Stuart Ministry it fell to tho lot of Sir "George Didbs to make a financial statement early in 1884, in which cortain proposals for tho taxation of property were set forth. It is beside tho purpose just now to dwell on the details of these proposals, which, to quote the words of Sir George Dibbs, were to "mako property of all kinds, whether owned by persons in or absent from thc colony, contribute some, thing like a reasonable sharo towards the public expenditure." Tho reasoning with which ho backed up thc proposed tax is very good of its kind. It is, in fact, exactly that employed to-day in support of a slight tax on land values by persons whom Sir George denounces as single- taxers, confiscators, and enemies of society. Speaking of property-owners, chiefly of the larger sort, Sir George Dibbs let fall those memorable words in his place in Parliament on January 24, 1884 : — It is they who enjov all the advantages to which I have referred, yot up to this date they have not contributed one penny to tho revenue. They have all tho advantages of thc improvements effected by tho Govern ment by the expenditure of the large sums borrowed from the mother country. They have tho benefit of tho construction of railways, tramways, harbors, and bridges — they reap all tho advantages of those improvements by tho increased value of their property, yet up to the present day they have paid nothing towards the cost of government. The class of persons to whom I refer may live tempo rarily, or, perhaps, permanently, out of tho colony ; they may enjoy tho highest refine ments which modern civilisation can afford in the capitals of London and Paris ; they may havo incomes of twenty, thirty, forty, or fifty thousand a yonr, and yet they have paid nothing up to the present moment towards those institutions of government which in reality havo protected and facilitated tho acquisition of their class of people to whom I refer contribute less towards tho revenue of this country — and, consequently, towards its good government — than tho humblest mechanic whose family consume dutiable goods. This is just tho state of things that pre vails at present, allowing for a few bungles made by Sir George Dibbs with regard to tho kinds of property which are and which are not increased in value by public expenditure, and concerning which his utterances of to-day arc equally confused. I11 those days I10 would have placed a penny in the pound on tho valuo of ... all kinds of property in the absurd belief that property- owners of every class gained in something like due proportion from public expenditure. It is true that owners of laud derive benefit without taxation from good government ; it is not truo that owners of " houses, stores, and every conceivable kind1 of chattel pro perty " do so. Houses, stores, and mos£. kinds of property, except land, depreciate in. valuo every year ; land almost alone increases. And' thc owners of nearly every kind of property, save land, do con tribute towards tho expenses of government, and contribute more than they should. Tho freotrudo party now are making an effort, and a much more in telligent one, in the same direction as that made by Sir George Dibbs, the freetrader then, namely, to apportion the burdens of taxation more equitably. There is much moro need, too, that it should ho made. With tho help of tho present Premier many moro millions havo been borrowed and spent largely in thc interest of those "who draw princely incomes from the country without contributing 011c penny to its taxation." He has mingled with some of them since that time and come back among us with considerably altered views about the amount of taxation that SJiuuiu uu auviuu. utk wiu oLuiiuiuiio iinu the backs" of tho humble mechanic's family "who consume dutiable goods.'' But if tho extremists of land value taxa tion, tho incendiary upsctters of order at whom he rails so incessantly now, want the strong meat of oratory against brazen untaxed privilege that seeks to shuffle out of every obligation of public taxation, they cau quote thc Mr. Dibbs that used to be. 