1 FEARFUL CAB RIDE. 1 HAD taken a carriage to go home from f tie meeting of the Benevoleut Flannel s'*ociatican, of which I am a member, for it as a pouring rain, and no umbrella was of any avail; aol we had gone just about half a odile throu.gh the dismal streets, when the driver sudlenly stoped, and called througl. the little windlow on the roof " Madam." " Well," said i. "Could you do me a favour-me and a poor half-drowned lady out here? She wants me to take her in. Of course, it would be a good thing for me, with my big family and low wages, and it would be a charity to her, poor thing, on such a day; but of course, if you object-" "Oh io, I don't object," said I. "I aroiddl't keep a woman out in such a storm for worlds. Let her in." " Thankyc,"said the driver. And I opened the door. In an instant a woman had hurried in and taken her seat opposite me. She was a pretty woman, with a dark complexion and long black hair, braided oddly enough in two pigtails like a little schoolgirl's. Perhaps she was 30. She wore a mourning gown,elaborately trimmed, a breakfast cape, and a little sealskin cap that might as well have been a man's as a woman's. She had no gloves, no umbrella, no waterproof cloak, and I felt sure, as I looked at her, that she had been obliged to go out is the rain to call the doctor to a child with the croup, or to someone who had met with all n:cident, for ohe had seemed to for get her own comfort entirely. I felt sorry fo her as she wiped het poor little wet hands on her handkerchief. and lookedl piteously at her wet dress. But to speak to a stranger is such a step for a wom:an, andl .he Inad not uttered so much as a "thank you " for my courtesy, though she had two or three times looked straight into omy face with her big black eves. I sat in silence, therefore, until at last she fixed a long steady gaze upon me, and said : . " It is ia wet, unicomfortable sort of world afterall, isn't it!' SIndeed, it seems so to-day," I said, with a glance at the lenld-colosred sky. " And it Ilever ramsi in heaven," said she. " Oh, no." "I hope not, I am sure," said I. " \Where storms do not come," she repeated, as though making a quotation. "iOf course it does not. But then," she added quickly, "you see one stays with one's husband and childlren at any cost. As long as they are in this chilly, wretched world, one must wish to stay." "Indeed, yes," said I. And then, seeing that she was agitated, and remnmbering my fancy that she was going fora doctor, I said, hapllhazard: " Andl when anyone we love is ill, we grow gloomy, and fear all sorts of things.' " Yes," said she. "I have a husband, the dearest fellow, and two pretty children pretty and good as a mother could wish and how anxious they were when I was so ill. Terribly anxious. He cried-a great, stout lman. Yes, he cried. Of course the little ones dlid. And when I died- " " When you diedl i" I repeated. " es, when lldied," she esaid, in a louder tone. "When I dlied, I say, lie fainted. Oh, you think it strange that I should speak of my.-elf so. Nobody believes me; but it's true. I am not living; I am only mate rialised." I could not make any answer to this ; I only shrank away into the corner of the car riage, for though I had no idea that I was in company with a ghost, her words made me nervous. 1We had yet a long way to go. I though the driver was doing his best, and what with the clatter of the horse's hoofs, the patter of the rain, and the usual noises in the street. I doubted if I could make my voice heard if it became necessary. " Yes," thle lady went on-" yes, I haven friend who is a spiritualist, and I went to her at once, and as soon as I appeared to her she kindly materialised me, and I want to snty so. I want, to ntay materi5alisd, because, don't you see, though it never rains in heaven, I must stay with mny husband and little ones, if I can._ They'd miss me so." "Oh, you will," I said, in some trepida. tion ; "you surely will. Let us drive to your house, and as soon as your children kiss you, you will know that you are no longer aspirit. Have you told the driver where to go? ShallI " She put her hand upon my arm and drew me down, as I arose to endeavour to call the driver. "Stops," she said ; "n9 soon as I cross the threshold where my corpse is lying I shall be a horrible ghost agaiu, and frighten them all. Don't you know that? Sit down !" I sat down. She kept her hand on my arm. " Listen !" said she ; " an't you hear the sounds behind its? Spirits coming to carry me to heaven. I don't want togo to heaven; but there is only one way to uvoid it. Tie spirits want a spirit to take away. and it mu-t be a young woman's spirit. You-you are about my age. are you not ." " I suppose so," said L "Yes," said sihe; "and have you a hus band." "I am a widow," said 1. "Good," said she. "How lucky that is ! You'll want to go o to heaven because your husband is there ; I want to stay because mine is here. Come. I'll send your spirit with them-you'll let me, won't you !" I hlad grown very cold, and felt that I was trembling very much, but I found power to ask her what seemed to myself then to be a very important question. "Itow would you do it? It depends a little on that--"- "Olh," said she," as roe now, there is just one way. I must cut your throat-but I have a very sharp razor, and it won't hurt at all. It's much the best for us both, you see, my husbhand being here, yours there. And those spirits, with their white wings and cold hands will never know." She drew a razor from her pocket as she spoke and opened it. I made one dash for thie door--whlich I should have made sooner hadil I gueseed at. the hIidden weapon, you may be certain--but as I did so hier face changedl, hier eyes flashed furiously, and she clutched me by the throat. I gave a wils ncreamn, tie carriago otopped, anl I bharn amidst my terror the voices of two men shouting something close beside us, Then the woman was struggling in a policeman's arms, and a gentleman held tihe razor in his hiands and folded it away in its sheath. There was another carriage besides ours, and these two men lnhad sprung from it. "lMadam, I hlope you are unhlarmed " said the gentleman, speaking with a slight foreign accent. " Yes, I am thanklul to say I am," said I. " You know what it all means i" said hlie. "It was a fitle mind that illness warped so terribly. She has been ill, and seilo believes hIerself now a spirit. It is a delusion of hero that if slhe can send a spirit to heaven she imasy remain hero herself. My poor Isadora l Forgive us the terror you have felt. We thought her well-watched, but she escaped us. I believe that dwelling too much on spiritualism has caused all this." Then he bowed, and followed his wife into the other carriage, andl I saw her clinging to him as they drove away.--l fomdanld. 