CALEDONIA. A short time ago Mr. George Stevenson read a very interesting paper, before the members of 'the . Caledonian Society, entitled " A synopsis of- the History, of: Caledonia. - At the request of a num ber of our readers, we print the paper in eaitenso. as follows : — : . ; The etymology of the word " Caledonia " is, like I many other ancient names, partly conjecture. ; Celydd, in Welsh a woody shelter, is the popnlar ' derivation. ' It is- thought by some .that it may i probably contain Gael, and if ?so the - Caledonians j would be the Gauls of . the dons or, hills.- The J ethnological relation of the people is rather, obscure, ! . the probable opinion being that tlicy belonged to j "the British branch of the great Celtic family. . That part of Scotland, formerly known as Cale donia, comprised all the portions north of the Firth of Forth on the East and the. Firth of Clyde on the West, and. probably, the Hebrides or Western Isles with the Orkney Islands on the north. The counties or shires included Caithness, Sutherland, -Ross, Skye, . Inverness,. Elgin, Banff, Aberdeen, Kincardine, Perth, Mull, Inverary, and Dumbarton. The extensive coast line is both wild and rugged, and has always been noted for its boldness of view and grandeur of scenery. Referring to the very earliest history, it is stated that;Gathclus, a Greek with a band of followers, went to Egypt about the time of the Exodus, and, after performing many great actions, was appointed comniander-in-chief of the Egyptian forces, and married Scota, Pharoah's daughter. He- ' was creuitea wun naving too much sense to follow the Israelites iuto the Red Sea, and, after the over-; throw of tlic Egyptian Army iir that memorable event, he fled .with his wife, lauded in Portugal, arid formed a kingdom in Brigantum. In -process of time a descendant of his became king of Ireland. The Scots are said to have first come from Ireland, Fergus; the son-of Ferchand, was their first king, and founded the Caledonian monarchy three ceii- airies before the Christian era $ and a lino of oiie hundred and ten kings succeeded and sat on the throne which be had founded. Another account states that Britain was inhabited several thousands of years before the Christian, era. It is said that a people of the Basque race' spread over the greater part of Europe before the "arrival of any branch of the Aryan race, and. were in pos session of Britain at a far remote period. The traces of their occupation are scanty, consisting mainly of stone articles and tools and human re mains. ... It .seems probable from .this evidence that tribes, at any rate akin to the Basques, had occu pied Caledonia before the advent of the Celtic race, the latter beiug now represented by the Welsh, the Irish, and the Highlanders. The Celts were the first branch of the Aryan, or Indo-Europeans, who first invaded Europe, spreading Over a great portion of it. These were followed at intervals by other branches of the same race, who pressed the origi nal Celts onward' and outward, this being: the com mencement of the long struggle in the early part of our European history.' Mauy.think the Celtic race occupied Caledonia in the Stone Age gradually sub- duing and absorbing the preceding race. Evidence clearly indicates that they had occupied the country a long time prior to the Roman invasion. They had metallic weapons,. war chariots, herds of cattle and other evidences of, culture and organisation. They believed in ghosts, spirits and supernatural beiiigs', but- have left no evidence that they ever had a priesthood or ministry. , Forty five years before the Christian era, Julius Csesar visited England, but it was nearly a century later before the Romans attempted to conquer and possess it. The Roman conquest, was begun in -.the year 43, and in 77 their province had been extended to the Solway Firth. In the following year Agri- cola, who had been advanced to the chief command, entered the border counties, but. his advance was contested at every step by warlike tribes, who, althongh they offered resistance, could riot prevail against the trained soldiers of the Roman a rm v I Adrian, the Roman General; erected a wall and chain of forts between the Tyrie arid the Sol way, near Carlisle, about 70 miles in -leugth, "and vic tories gained by the Roman Army north of that wall were dearly bought. The first real history of Caledonia is met with in the fourth book of Pliny's Histories Naturalis, where it is stated that in the year 77, in a very meagre notice of Britain, the Caledonian Forest was the northern boundary of the Roman part of the island. It is again men tioned in -the . Agricola of Tacitus iri the year 96 where, ..ill brief geographical descriptioris ofi Britain and in the account of Agricola's campaigns, Cale donia is mentioned as Britain north of/the Firth of Forth In 120 Ptolemy, the>geographer; gives the name of Caledonia as one of the manyjtribesamong whom he parcelled out the Britannic Island Albion, commencing with the Mull of Galloway. The Romans were quickly obliged to abandon part of their conquests for, in the year 129, Adrian's Wall, which extended from the Tyne to the Sol way Firth, was the northern limits of the empire in' Britain. Soon afterwards theyj erected another, wall which commeuced at Bridgeness on the Firth of Forth and crossed the country to near West Kijpatrick on the Clyde. Iu 208 the' Emperor Serviiis determined to subjugate the whole island, and when he proceeded north of the wall he lost 5Q,000 men through disease, - fatigue, and the sword, and almost re peated the record of the Battle of the Grampions, fought in . the year 84 at the : River Tay, when the Caledoniaus under Galgacus taught the. Romaus that the 'warlike tribes of the north were not want ing in bravery and daring. Some historians say ; that Caledonia was first inhabited by Germaus on account of their auburn hair and big; limbs — one thing is certain, they knew even in those' early days —how to fight. In 161 Calphurnius Agricolo was. sent by Anrclius, the Roman Emperor, as Governor to Britain to pre vent incursions of the northern tribes. In 201 peace was proclaimed, but in 208 the Roman Eagle was carried to . the most northern point, readied. Even at this date the Caledonians painted their bodies with the forms of animals, and, notwith standing the rigorous climate, wore scant clothing aud iron ornaments. Their arms were a sword, small shield, and spear ; their chariots and mode of ' warfare was hy rapid attack, and as rapid 'ietreat to the forest and the marsh ; they:lIved;oh the -pro duce of herds and the chase, and their .mode, of' government was by chiefs. . - . -; From the death of Severus, in 211 to 305, the. his tory of Caledonia is unknown, and it was.in :the latter year, the Picts were first mentioned with- the Caledonians. Picts was the Latin name given to the northern tribes, who preserved longest the cus tom of painting their -bodies. Their ' language, though Celtic, is a problem which' has. never been solved, as few. it any: words used by them have' been preserved. The Occupation of the southern por- tiou by the - Romans, was, by the middle of the? fourth century, very much disturbed by the fre-' quent attacks of the Picts and the Scots. Iu tlie - year 407 Constantine passed over to Gaul, with-, drawing all his available forces, and . the. Roman sway ceased. After the Romans had left, the tribes occupying that portion of the country which had been subdued formed the small kingdom of Strath clyde, lying between the two walls, -After', it was cut off from the north of Englaud by the; encroach ments of the Saxons, it comprised - the counties of Ayr, Lanark, Renfrew, and parts of Dumbarton, Stirling, and Dumfries. The small state was ex posed to the iucessant attacks of the Picts arid the Scots from the north and west, arid. the Saxons from the South, and, although the Britons fought hard to; defend that portion of their" kingdom, it finally became absorbed in and with Caledonia. The Scots who, originally came from Ireland, had made their final settlement in Argyleshire and the neighbouring isles in the beginning of the sixth cen tury. This body of Scots were led by three sons pf Ere, viz., Lorn, Fergus, and Angus — a tribe who sometimes fought amongst themselves and came into conflict with the Saxons and Britons of Strath clyde, but the people south of the Forth of- Lothian 'remained essentially Saxon, and superseded -the Celtic inhabitants at an early period. Besides ? the feuds, incident to tribal communities— the. Picts, the Britonsi the Scots, and the Danes or Norsemen carried on an internecine warfare with one another. In :'t be seventh, eighth, and ninth centuries' these, . tribes often. met in conflict on a dehateable territory- between; the Forth and water of Almond, in ; the counties of Linlithgow and Stirling. ... . The historic kingdom of .Scotland, which, no, doubt took its name from the powerful tribe of ' the Scots, had its original centre on the banks of the Tay at Scone, Perth aud Duukeld. ' The venerated' coronation stone was at Scone and there the kings were installed to the throne. Perth was one of the chief towns of the country from the earliest period, and Dunkeld, fourteen miles further up the Tay, ' has always been the key to the Highlands. Strath- more, the Carse of Gowrie aud the Carse of Stirling, . were worth fighting for, and from the dawn of the historic period this became more apparent. In the year 839 the Danes invaded . the territories of the Picts and defeated them, but two, years later Keneth M 'Alpine obtained the small kingdopi of the Scots. in-Argyle; anil in 844 he mounted the throne at Scone, his actual kingdom consisting of Argyle, the counties oLPerth, Fife,. and parts, of Forfar, Dum barton; and Stirling with Scone, the riMount oi Re-; lief, and Royalty, as its chief seat. ?. From this time forth the north -was -gradually absorbed. After the, establishment- of the historic monarchy of M 'Alpine', ; whose reign was wise and fruitful riPmuch good— the succeeding monarchs were called kings. The establishment of a monarchy brought with it many troubles,' as ; those within its borders were, often at discord, and those without iyere en vious of . their supposed prosperity. In the year S6.0 Ken-, neth 'M' Alpine died arid was succeeded by his brother Donald, whose reign , only lasted four years. .. He was succeeded by Coiistaritine I, a son of Ken-, neth, who had many struggles with the Norsemen. About the middle, ot .the ninth century, these .ruth- less warriors, the Norseriien, extended their de structive ravages along the' east and west- coasts and far into the interior.- They ransacked itt.on every side and inflicted great suffering on the people ; in-: deed, their operations seemed :as if they were wholly bent on plunder. The kiug was slain by them on the coast, of Fife 'in 877- Afterwards the Norsemen advanced, iiito the heart of thie kingdom, aud in 900 King' Donald was slain when fighting against them at Dnnriptte'r. .. Constantiue II ascended the throne and in 904 defeated the Norsemen at Strathern, slaying their leader. In 943 Malcolm I succeeded to tlie throne and attempted to extend the' bounds of the kingdom beyond the Spey, in whi'di he failed, aiuVll years afterwards was slain atFete- resso in, Kincardineshire. Iudulf, a son of Constan tiue II, ascended the throne and in 954 took. Edin burgh and adrleibit to the Uinrrdom hut, he dis- . appeared in 962, - when a contest arose"vbetween - Duff and Colin for the throne, which only termi-, nated in 971 when the latter died. - , :' Kenneth, a Son of Malcolrii I, next ascended th®-: throne, but 24 -years later he was slain at'f Fetter", cairn. He was succeeded by Gonstantiiie Illjyhqse right was contested by Kenneth M'Duff Cqq.stan- tine fell two eSr s 'afterwards, arid M 'Duff refgifprr" eigh t years, lie being slain at Strathern, and iiMOOo Malcolni ll ascended the throne, and in 1018 fought the -battle of Carham on the banks of. the Tweed, where ho gained a complete victory. In his reign the kingdom of Strathclyde was incorporated, aud he died in 1034, being succeeded by Duncan, a grandson, who was slain by Macbeth > near - Elgin; Macbeth succeeded to the throne arid "was an able and vigorous leader, as under him the people en joyed peace until he was slain at Suniphanan in Aberdeenshire, - Iu the year 1058 Malcolm III, called Canuiore« ascended the throne arid attempted to 'extend hi . sway over Northumberland and Cumberland. Th Noririau conquest of England had the effect -of driving the Saxons riorthwaid. and Malcolm 'mar ried Margaret, the sister of Edgar, and consequently became interested in the -claims of the -..Saxon prince. He invaded Northumberland five times, and at .the castle of Alnwick he and his eldest son were slain on the 13th November, 1093. - Donald Bane took possession of the kingdom, which he held for six months, and was driven out by D.uh'cati; i son of Malcolm, who was slaiH six month's Rafter- " wards? Donald Bane again resinned the tlirone, which he held for three and a half years, but was displaced by Edgar, Malcolm's eldest sou, who reigned nine years. From tlie beginning of the 11th century the name Scotland was first' applied to that . country ,;and, of course, it absorbed the whole of Caledonia? whose striking history I have been tryiug to shortly des cribe. The Caledonians were not all heathens up to this period for St. Ninian, the sou of a British priest -and educated at Rome, labored amongst them and died in 432, upwards of sixty churches having been subsequently dedicated to his name; St. Kenti- gern' better known as St. Mungo, began his work at Strathclyde in the middle of the. sixth century. ;St. Colnmba, who was born of a royal race in Ire land in the year 521, is the most renowned of all uie aaiuua. oe iihu 111a luauiruiriuu au luuii wnicn was -the centre of. religious life in Scotland .for two centuries. The influence of the early " saints aud their successors upon the subsequent religious feel ings of the people was remarkable for, till the Re formation; their death and miracles were comraemo- ' rated as part of the worship of the nation. I have now brought the history of Caledonia down to the period when it was absorbed in Scotland. It is riot my purpose in this paper to enter upon a history of 1 Scotland . . There is ample, room, for thought for. any one so inclined In the irifiuxjof -tlie Norman and? Saxon nobles, feudalism, -the noble deeds of Wallace and Bruce; and the great Refold mation .Tbe persecutioris of the Covenanters wpiild of itself form A- large paper, and other exbiting, aye? thrilling events, down , to the present day would-1 probably interest all. The cruelties of:Ghurch;arid' State are themes upon which a Caledonian of ' the present day could descant upon without ceasing ; but, if put on paper, would have to be seriously, abridged. . ' ; The descendants of Bonnie; Scotland, borri -in the Australian colonies under the sheltering 'shade of our own eucalypti; .with :the freedom, of thought, ' action and speech enjoyed under the glorious South ern Cross, can never fully realise the history of his : mother country, which; was written in the blood ot her heroes. Scotchmen fought, as only true and patriotic men can fight, for liberty, home and couu- try, in the early history of that famous land. From the Union with England, which was consummated on the 6fcli 'March, 1707, when Scotland became a portion of Great Britain, to the present time Scotchmen have proved their heroism ten-thousaud times over uuder our own Union Jack. . In the rig orous climate of Alpine regions in the Peninsular War, in the Crimea, and on the burning sands of India, they have established a record? for bravery which has been the admiration of the world. Thi'oughout the civilised world Scotch merif are to he found engaged in the different pursuits of life. Such are the adventurous natures of those from the more nor tberly prov inces (formerly known as; Caler donia) that it has been asserted if ever "the long? looked for North Pole be discovered, a Caledonian in his, tartan plaid will be found on the summit ready to, negotiate for the purchase of the entire polar re- i gipns. If conjecture be right there is no human being, there to dispute the title ; otherwise the. pur chase would have been completed, or if the.other oontrjicting party haggled too much, he would either have had to fight or run. So, dear to the hearlrpf a- Caledonian are the traditions and customs ofMiis native land, that even if he be found in the frozen regions he will probably be discovered in his native kilt and plaid, and if custoiri required it even as .'sparsely attired as Burns' " Cutty Sark" of Tam-o'- Shanter fame. ' ?Tlie perseverance of Scotchmen is proverbial, and the exercise of self-denial when necessity demands, \- is the admiration of every community whose first principles are honesty, honor, and faithfulness. Of course the Caledoniau has his failings, and who has none,? Bnt eveu his crowning weakness — stubborn ness— is to a large extent excusable, seeing that he is generally a martyr to his own hasty conclusions. It is generally understood that a pure Caledonian haying once said that black was white, and white no color at all, he would die maintaining that. stater? ment in its entirety, - despite all evidence -tq the "' contrary. This, characteristic,, however, wheii ex ercised in a right direction, has raised Scotchmen the wide world over to positions of the greatest trust- and responsibility. ' His social qualities have been keenly criticised in every community, and they have nobly withstood the test. For fidelity to his marriage vows he has seldom beeii surpassed, arid \vhile lie has ever been like " a lamb at home" he never flinched from death even its cruellest form, when such sacrifice was ne cessary for the protection of home, kindred, and country. In the chase he has ever, been a veritable lion, tlie keenest and bravest of sportsmen, always showing a decided preference for pastimes which require the exercise .of muscle, and especially those tinged with a spice ;of danger. Of course iu the battle-field-his colors have always -been in the van, and no charge of cowardice has ever oven been pre ferred against hitn;:"and while he never refused the right hand of fellowship to a friend, lie never turned his back on an enemy? ' ' ' In edncation, patriotism, and. philanthrophy he has no superior and few eqaals. The most erudite arid sound lawyers iriclude Lord' Karnes, Lord Ers- kine, arid' Lord Jeffrey. : Airi'ongst ; the historians we find' David Hume, Dr. William' Robertson, Pat rick F. Tyler, -Sir Archibald Alisoii? ? Dr. John H. Burton'; Thomas Carlyle, and DrV'.W-. F. Skene. Foremost amongst' the writers of fiction I may men tion Sir Walter Scott, Dr. Smollett, John Gait arid John Wilson. Amongst the innumerable list of heroes we find Wycliffe, the morning, star of the Reformation, and John Knox; and her theologians iuclude Dr Thomas Chalmers aud Dr." John Tulloph. The great medical schools can boast of Adam Smith, Hume, Reid, Stewart, Campbell, Brown, Mackintosh Hamilton, Ferrier, and Bain. It is estimated that Scotland can boast of 2000 poets, includiug Allan Ramsay, James Thomson, Robert Fergusson, Tho mas-Campbell, and James Hogg, better known as " The Ettrick Shepherd," la-sides the immortal Robert Burns. ' j. Do not think that I have forgotten the virtues j. and graces of Scotchwomen, lior the prominent posi- I tion they occupy in everything that is ennobling to ;.the sex." . They have ever been worthy helpmeets . to their brave and noble lords and masters in' their fidelity, industry, culture and: charity. : ?A;:true 'Scotchwoman possesses all the. graces and charms which distinguishes a true and' pure woman',1 Of i course, like the sterner sex of that ilk, she has a : mind of her own in marke'd contradistinction to; J pusillanimous weaklings and nonentities ; but as this " mind" is generally subservient to reason and good sense; it is an adornment , iu her character rather than the reverse. -Has not her virtues and ,. graces been: extolled by immortal bards wliich: shall be hauded down in all their pristine' beauty arid faithfulness to succeeding generations. . When vwo '..muFjjqf .-the slaying of Malcolni I at. -, Eetteresso in" 954,'and; of Colin arid. Duff fighting , for the Crown from : 962 to 971, we are reriiitided of the circumstance that? the representative of royalty in New South Wales is Sir Robert Duff,; who is the owner of Fetteresso Castle at the present time. It will thus be seen that tlie first gentleman in the colony,- tlie oldest and mosfimportant of the group, is a Scotchman, and the first' lady a Scotchwoman, with visible proof i-th'at: they JWvill have a goodly number of descendants. May their stay in this'' sunny laud be happy, and prosperous; and vvhije by their wise counsels and' good exairiple they confer many benefits on this colony, mry they-carry away many happy and pleasaut; recollections .. pf New South Wales. 