CHRISTIAN WORKERS' CONVENTION. THE fifth annual Conference of Christian workers, in connection with some of the southern Churches, was held at Port Elliot Congregational Church on Wednesday evening, May 31. About sixty friends partook of a social tea at 6 o'clock. This was managed by the Port Adelaide Endeavourers, some of whom hud evidently walked many a mile to secure wild flowers for the tables. Unfortunately the weather waa by no means propitious, or a larger attendance would have been secured. The Conference was said to be one of the best of the series. The following churches were represented : Goolwa (Wesleyanj, Port Elliot and Port Victor (Congregational). The Rev. C. Hodge presided, and made a few well chosen and appropriate remarks. Hymns and prayers were freely interspersed with the addresses. The subjects introduced were, " The need for evangelistic effort," and " the need for Spiritual power." The former was introduced by the Rev. T. S. Williams. The purport of this address was to show that while Churches are arousing to the need for social reform, and while our pulpits are becoming more freely used for the discussion of social problems, care must be taken lest we neglect our evangelistic work. Dr. McLaren recently said, referring to England, " Wa are becoming terribly secularised over here." There is a similar danger in South Australia. However much we may be in sympathy with social reform, and with the attempts to popularise the Church, we must be beware of this danger. Three special dangers threateu the Church. (1) The toning down of the term " sin "until it is regarded merely as an error of judgment. It is too often forgotten that at the back of all social reforms there is antagonism to God. (2) Neglect of the doctrine of the " New Birth." Religion is more than the mere evolution of goodness and honesty. It is a new life. (3) Misconceptions of the Atonement. Christ's death was more than a martyrdom ; it waa a sacrifice for sin. It is this blessed evangel with which we as Christian workers are ta evangelize the fvorld. In a very interesting and able address the Rev. J. Nairu (Goolwa) introduced the second subject, " The need for Spiritual power in our Churches." It waa shown that nothing was needed more than this. There is a danger of relying upon machinery—special efforts, &c.; But no work will be effective except backed up, and indeed inspired by the Holy Spirit. We may have beautiful churches, and cultured ministers, and eloquent preachers, but without the Spiritual power it will all fail. The disciples were associated for three yean, with Jesus, yet He commanded them to " wait " for the baptism oE the Holy Ghost. As Christian workers we must seek that Spiritual power. Soma discussion ensued, and at tne close of the meeting all felt that it was good thus to meet together, gpeciai united evangelistic meetings are to follow, commencing at Port Victor on June 18, and subsequently at Port, Elliot and Goolwa. The Port Elliot friends were cordially thanked for their hospitality. 