The Bronzewing Cricket Club. [Br ^s, Australian, ; iw thb ?' Globe.'] We were known as the Wallabies and we rather fancied ourselves, sported dolors; *nd Jaid.sluim to the title of tie premier inland cricket clnb in any direction. Witbia a eet-at-ablfl nircnm ^irence^Hs^fflid® beaten everything. One ft^f^lfaejofter, -every township liad saccombed to the might of oar crack bats and the invincible swiftness of oar left-handed bowlers. And we yearned for fresh worlds to conquer. There had even gone around a bated whisper of the metropolis, coupled with sncb-namBs ns^Brace and Bannertnan, ?' Syd 'Gregory and « Sammy ' Jones. WhyJ^ul| we not venture to show onrgelvWat%fdore?Park, and discover whether 'long Jim's' terrific yorkers, or ' Modgee Mick's ' deadly breaks wonlcl^prove as effective there as on their naiiW'EoU? W« were full of pride, inflated with the consciousness of a long^5i triumphant season, and dete^pmjra'tnat-Wri another arrived the nameteFilie Wallaby Q.C. shpq?d be as familiar as household words in «^^i i^HE JCHAliENGE. Thin^e^^reot this stage when the secrfttaryvof the club received a letter — a ba^BDelled^ atrociouslj-written chall enge, «ekl3l;wi&i-ihe; imprint of a great dirty, thumb. ; It ran :?--« Us, as c&lla; onreelres the 'Bronzewing Cricketers of Cnttawatta Greek, hereby invites you to a friendly game to see which is best man ont of the two. As oars aint a fust^asf^'rbund we bad better come to yourn. 'Hopping this finds you in good belth 'as it;;leave8-us at present thank God *fof it, 1' aW yonra' traely,- Jim Brown, Gaptia and Bouler.' Yfcn£finiay35fcry to imagine how this unique production was received by the high-toned and fastidious Wallabies. At Urst&tlwas;: determined to ignore it completely, out we were simply spoil ing for a fight, and it was resolved at last^at^jne more victory, even over such inglorious opponents, as these, would help to put us in fitter trim for the -gretTopolts. ? Accordingly a (court eoas^r^lp^wasi sent,*- Arranging all preliminaries.' Cnttawatta wo knew by name only as a sm&U; settlement, some 50 miles away in the mountains, whose inhabitants bore a 'none too savoury reputation in fhe matter of horseflesh. THK BKOSZEWINGS. W^e rode into the township early, all curiosity to see the mountain men who had the audacity to challenge the best tearafjia^ide the capital ; bnt, early as we were, they were before us. As we Approached the first public-house we saw quits a mob of sbaggy ponies, their tridles/yiatenadjes mended with bits of green bide, and wire, standing patiently around 'i^Pf«sertfly '/-''their owners appeared, great, heavy- bearded fellows, with hand3 like phouldere of mutton and feet like canoesj; and all' evidently fresh from*7 ''aips round.' ' -' Their captain introduced his| men? shortly. ''There,' said hP^ittf fiiwave of his hand; 'is the ~ CnttftwatCa Waps;' 'There,' pointing toa very greyheaded, man, 'is Jack Bailer, Hecsmesfrora a place in the ole coni?fn| Ithey /'calls Nottingham. An* he's^layed .tlio^ame 'ever since he was so high. He've come to see fair P'aJmw ISijEe's^vjbips^i' bowlers among as. »^u| tdo«s Itj mainly. Gome an' ituvW dfinTc M fchnidsf Itfc my shout.' This InVvHabie preliminary over, they unsaddled, turned, their horses out, and annonnced their intention of ' shifting,' ft pipceBsof |i^lich we were anxious to eeelhMr&Qlt;^ not knowing .but what ihel Ipeffl^^o take tho field booted, . bw«^||i^|»n|r»d4s ihey were. Bnt when we Tetpned Irdiu our hotel, elaborately got lip in flannels, and blue caps upon which the Wallaby shone in silrer thread, we found our opponents radiant in new but evilemelling bronze colored moleskins, bells of carpet snakes' f kinsjwhij«| filurt*, Vnd soft felt hats deaWJ iu%iu wb? of a beautiful pigeon from ,-,-w'h!cii-;Jthj?y took their name. Aroubd^^ilch brawny neck shone a green silk handkerchief, new elastic-side boo^i «B0Mea their great feat, and they tripped about the field aud passed the ball to and fro with a neatness and dexterity that made us stare. But they objected to matting. They had never heard of such a tiling. Why, wasn't tha ground good enough without having to cover it up ? At home they played in all sorts of places, never taking any notice of ' bumps and hollows ' ©r even a boulder or two. Bat they were reasonable folk. Aud when we pointed out the impossibility of scientific players like ourselves batting or bowling on any but the very best procurable pitch, they laughed good-humouredly, and gave in. They laughed still more when we told them how much our beatiful green carpet had cost us, and what pains and expense we had gone to altogether to make our ground one of the best for its size in the colony. WELL TO THE OFF. Winning the toss, they, by the advice of '-)!,! .lack Sadler,' sent us to the wiok.-i-. He also acted umpire for the visitors. If there was one thing more than .-mother upon which we pri-ied our selves, it was our leg hitting. But, to our disgust and annoyance, we never got the ghost of a chance to show what we ?could do in this particular department of the game, as the Bronzewing bowlers pitched everything well to the off. Thus, one of our most dashing bats put up a soft little catch to a ball he should have left alone ; and another thinking to profit by the le3Pon, never stirred his bat to the ball that sneaked in to his wicket. And not for nothing, as we soon discovered, did the Bronzewing captain add that other title to his signature. He bowled medium- fast, with an old-fashioned delivery, square from the shoulder, aud got such a twist on the ball that it frequently broke in, despite our batting, a full two feet. The 'left theory' was almost entirely unknown in those days, and it has often struck me as curious that these wild Bushmen should have been among the first to discover and obtain its obvious advantages. Straight, swift, bowling, dead on the wicket, we could play, and were accastomed to. But these new tactics, with a field bunched all up on one side, bothered us completely. The fellow at the other end bowled underhand enormous things which rose slowly gyrating, took a long time to fall, and when just ont of reach shot in like rockets. There seemed nothing to be got by waiting, so three or four men ran out to meet them, missed, and were either clean bowled or stumped. Even when one did get a hit at the ball it would not travel. Such was the spin the bowler managed to get on it that* it went only a short distance, and lay there swiftly revolving in a little cloud efdust and errass stems. Will it be credited that when, the end came we were all out for 30 ! It was by far the lowest score the Wallabies had ever made, aud not only did we very acutely feel our position, but some thing like a general funk set in. How ever, after several long sleevers of colonial, we plucked up our courage, and trusted to onr swift bowlers to retrieve the fortunes of the day, especially as, merely drawing their socks over their trousers and expectorating on their hands, opponents refused with disfcain onr offer of pads and gloves. No man can bat well with broken shins. The old chap, who evidently, in a quiet way, controlled the team, sent two men in. I heard his parting words as they left their tent. 'Keep thy bats straight, as I shown thee,' said he, an' thy eyne open. It be what they ca's lest boolin'. But never thee moind. Stay the straight ons, an' knock spots off'n the others, an* we'a gotten 'em roight enough.' And they obeyed him implicitly. They had eyes like hawks, and a moBt ungainly style. But they got runs with exasperating regularity. ANNIHILATION. Mudgee and Long Jim bowled like demons, but could find no hole in their bate. Then, when they became fagged, the Bronzewings knocked them all over the ground, to the intense delight of the township, which, having suffered many heavy beatings fit our hands, appreciated keenly the present state of things, and rolled up,, man, woman, and child, to cheer the Cuttawattas and «*njoy our discomfiture. To be brief, they simply annihilated us, putting on some 200 runs, while our second innings was only a miserable facsimile of our first. We had ordered a supper for our vistors at the Woolpack Hotel, and I believe they enjoyed it. But we, although - strived to do our part as hosts, felt sore and shaken, and altogether crestfallen. When we awoke next morning, the Gottawattas had been gone for hours, and we never saw them again. But shortly afterwards some valuable horses disappeared mysteriously from the neighbourhood. The police-sergeant always insisted that the Bronzewing G. G. were the originators of the raid. But he could never prove it. Nor did we ever go down to try conclusions with the metropolitan club. 