imirn About His Father's Business By Rev. ,C. H. Spurgeoa. . It is peculiarly pleasing to the Christian to observe tlio interest which God the Fathor I takes in the work of salvation. In our earlier days of childhood in grace, we conceived the | idea that God the Father was only made pro pitious to us through the atonement of Christ; that Jesus was the Saviour, and that the I Father was rather an austere judge than a I tender friend. But since then, we havo learned tho Father through the Son ; for it was not | possible we could come unto tho Father except through Jesus Christ. But now, having seen Christ, we have seen the Father also, ana from henceforth, we both know the Father, and have 'seen Him, since we know the love of Christ,-. and have felt it shed abroad in our hearts. It is always refreshing, then, to the enlightened Christian, to call to mind the intense interest which the Father takes in tho work of salvation. Here you find in this verse it is three times hinted at. Salvation work is called the Father'Bwill. "It is not the will of your Father which is in he&Ycn;, that one of these little things should perish," but more, it is His will that shosen, the blood-bought ones of Christ, should everyone-of them be redeemed from the ruins sf the fall, and brought safely home to their Father's house. Note, again, we are told that Jesus.was sent of tho Father. Here, again, yon see the Father's interest. It is true that Jesus rent Himself away from the glories of lieavcn, from the felicities of blessedness, and voluntarily descended to the soorn, the shame, and spitting of this lower world. But yet His Father had a part therein. He gave up His only bogotten Son; Ho withheld not the darling of His bosom, but. sent away His well-beloved, aud sent Him down with messages of love to man. Jesus Christ comes willingly, but still He comes by His Father's appointment and sending. A third hint is also given us. Salvation is here called God's work. "It is My meat to- do the will of Him that sent Me, and to finish His ] work," "Wc know that when this world was | made the Father did not make it without refer ence to the Spirit,- for "the Spirit of God | moved upon the face of the waters," brooded ever chaos, and brought order out of confnsion. Hordid Ho make it without the Son; for we are told by John the apostle, 11 "Without Him ! was not anything made that was made." Yet at the same time, creation was the Father's work. So also is it in salvation ; "tho Father does not save without the Spirit, for "the Spirit quickeneth whom He Trill." Ho doth not save without the Son, for it is through the merit of the Redeemer's death that we are delivered from . the demerit •f our iniquity. Notwithstanding this, God the Father is the worker of salvation as much as 5c is the worker of creation. Let us look tip then, with eyes of delight, to our reconciled God and Father. 0 Lord our God, Thou art not an angry one ! Thou art not an austere ruler! Thou art not merely the Judge, bnt Thou art the grand Patriarch of Thy people! Thou art their great Friend! Thou lovest them even as Thou didst Thy Son! For Thou didst not spare Him—Thou didst' send Him down to suifer and to die, that Thou mightest bring Thy children home. "Glory be unto the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost, as it was in the beginning, is now, ana ever shall be, world without end." The particular contemplation of this morning will be, however, to describe Christ Jesus as He manifests Himself as doing- His Father's will, and finishing His Father's work. Our Lord and Master had but cne thought, but one wish, but one aim. He I concentrated His whole soul, gathered up the vast floods of His mighty powers, and sent I them in one channel, rushing towards one ' great end: " My meat is to do the will of Him that sent Me, and to finish His work." In bringing oat the great truth of Christ's entire devotedness to tho work of salvation—a dovotednoss so great that He could say, " The .zeal of Thiuc house hath eaten Me up"—I shall want to call your attention first of all to the fact, verified by the Gospels, that His soul was in all that He did. Mark our Master ! When He goes about doing good. The task i'r | not irksome to Him.. There are some men who, j if they distribute to the poor, or if they com fort tno fatherless, doit with such reserve, with euoh coldness of spirit, that you can perceive that it is but the shell of the man that acts, and not the man's whole rouI. But see our Divine Lord. "Whenever He walks you see His whole ' self in flame; His whole being at work. Not a single power slumbers, but the whole man is engaged. How much at ease He seoms among His poor fishermen! You do not discover that His thoughts are away in the halls of kings ; but He is a fellow with them, bone of their bone and flesh of their flesh. He walks in the midst of publicaus and* harlots, and He is not ill at ease; not like one who is condescending to do a work which he feels to be be neath him; He is pleased with it, His whole soul is in it. Mark how Ho takes the little children ou His knee, and though His disciples would putthem away, yet whole spirit is so truly with the poor, with the sinful, whom Ho came to save, that He says, "Suffer the little children to come onto Me, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." Look up iuto that face, and there is a whole souled man thero ; not one whose thoughts are set on dignity and power, and who is schooling himself rdown, toning down his mind to the circle in which ho moves, as a matter of cbn jrtraint and duty. . His vocation . becomes His dolighk His Father's service is"His dement/ Hois never,"happy, when ;-Ro is out of rt. , He casts His whole oeing, His whole spirit,' into His work. 2: Ae a -further proof of his devotedness,. you will observe that whatever a man takes, to heart as being the object of hia life, it always ^ makes Mm glad when be sees it succeeding. * Now vou notice in our j Saviour's life, that when he goes into a Phari see's house to eat bread He always seems under constraint. In any chapter which records what Jesus said in 'the house of a Pharisee there is a want of vivacity. He speaks solemnly, hut evidently His spirit is spellbound, He is unhappy. He knows that He ig watched by cavillers who resist His good work, and He there saith hut very little, or else His discourse hath hut little joy and brilli ance* therein. But seo Him amongst publicans ; when He is sitting down with Zaccheus, or j when He is come into some poor man's house, ; and is sitting down to His ordinary meal; there is Jesus Christ with His eyes flush ing, His lips pouring forth eloquence, and His whole soul at ease. " Now," says He, " I am at home ; here is my work; here are the people among whom I shall succeed." How the man snaps his chain ! You see the Lord Jesus Christ as the cliild-man, no more re straining Himself before the watchers, hut speaking out of His full soul all that His heart thinks and feels. Now'you generally know when h man's heart is in his work, by the joy he foels in it. You see' some preachers go up into their pulpits as though they were going to ho roasted at the stake ; and they read their sermons through as if they were making their last dying speech and confession. What .do you think they call it ? Why doing their duty! True ministers call preaching pleasure, not duty. It is a delight to stand up to. tell to others the way of 'salvation and to magnify Christ. But mere hirelings cannot go higher than the idea- of doing their duty when they are telling out this glorious tale. Jesus* Christ was none of these. .''My meat is, He said, "todo the will of Hun that sent Me." The only tiires that Jesus ever smiled and rejoiced are the times when He was in the midst of poor sinners. At that time "Jesus rejoiced in spirit, and said, I thank Thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, that Thou hast hid these things things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them unto babes." Let Him see a penitent, let Him hear the groan of a sinner mourning over his evil way, let Him discern a tear trickling down the cheek of one of. His hearers, and Jesus Christ begins to he glad, and the Man of Sorrows wears a smile for a moment upon that pale and sorrowful face. At all times there is a travail ing in birth for souls ; He is only happy when he sees the family of God enlarged. 3\. There is another test by which you may know when a man's' spirit is in his work. When a right noble lord, some time ago, stood up in the House of Lords to speak against the infamous productions and prints of certain publishers, I felt quite sure that his lordship was' thoroughly in earnest, because he grew angry. Alter some person .had ventured to defend the filth as connected .with the glories of art, Ms lordship replied in a very tart speech, wMch at once let you see that he meant what he said, and that he felt the work upon wMch he had entered to he an im portant one. Now, our Lord Jeeus Christ sometimes grew warm in speech, hut He was never angry except with men who opposed the good work with wMch He came, and not even with them if He saw that they opposed it through ignorance, but only with those who stood up against Him on account of pride and vam glory. Did ye ever read such a mighty tirade of threatening as-that which roars from Christ when He is speaking against the Pharisees ? But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men; for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in. Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer; therefore yo shall receive the greater damnation. Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves. Y© blind guides, which strain at a gnat and swallow a camel. Ye serpents. ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell ?" if Methinks I see His holy cheeks glowing with a Divine furore, when He hurls His thunderbolts about Him, and de nounces the men* who shut up the gates of heaven, and will not enter in themselves, and those that would enter in they hinder. Now, you can see that His soul is in it, because the man grows warm. The loving spirit of Jesus, who was trodden on like a worm, who would never defend Himself, who had not a spark of resentment towards His persecutors,hut "when He was reviled, reviled not again," who gave blessings for curses—oh! how He kindles into a flame when He sees enemies in the way of His poor people whom He has come to save! Then, indeed, He spares no words. Then can He ply the Jash with a mighty hand, and lot them see that the voice of Jesus can he us terrible as thunder, while, at other times, it can he sweet as harpers harping with their harps. 4\. It often happens, however, that when we are really earnest about some pur pose, some enemy will rise up. Unconscious, perhaps, of the nobility of our purpose, he will misconstrue our motives, vilify our character, and tread our fair name in the dust. There is a strong temptation at such seasons to defend one self. We want to say just a word about one's own sincerity and heartiness of purpose. Tiro temptation comes very strongly on us, because we think that wo ourselves are so wrapped tip, so intimately connected with the work, that perhaps if our name he injured that work may suffer also. How many good and great men have fallen into this snare, so that they have left their work in order to take care of them selves, and have at least diminished some little of their ardour, or commingled the ardour wMch they feel for these objects with another fervency of spirit—the forvehcy of self-defeuce. Now, in our Lord Jesus Christ- you see no thing of this. He is so set upon Hispurpose that when tbey.oall Hini^a drunkard.He does npt driiy it; when they say He.is a Samaritan and is .mad, He takes it silently and seems to say, " Be it so, think so if you will." Now and then there is a word of complaint, bntnotof accusation. When it is really for their good, He will rebuke them, and say, "How can Beelzebub oast out Beelzebub?" Bui tbere is no defence of His character. Christ has left on record in His sermons no apology for anything He said. He just went : about His work, and did it, and left men to think what they pleased about Him. He knew right well that contempt and shame from some men are but another phase of glory, and that to suffer the despite of a depraved race was to be glorified in the presence of His Father and in the midst of His holy angels. Yet we might wonder, if we did not know who He was, that some little personal a mosity did not sometimes creep in, but you never detect a shade of it. Many there were, I dare say, whom He knew to be His dire enemies; He has not a word to say against them. Some would come up in the street to insult Him; I do not find that He took the slightest notice of them. Many there were, too, that spread all manner of ill reports, but He nover told His disciples to try and stop the ill tale that was abroad. He treated with silent pity the calumnies ' of men, and walked on in the majesty of His goodness, defying all men to say wliat they pleased, for all their devices could no more make Him turn aside from His course than the baying of the dog can make tlie moon stand still in her orbit. And so, too good to be selfish, too glorious to care for anyone's esteem, He could not and would ' not turn aside; but as an arrow from the bow of. some mighty archer, He sped on His- way towards His destined target. I have just a question or two to aak ere you disperse. On whose side art thou man, woman ? Art thou Christ's, or art thou Satan's ? Answer that question then : Whose art thou ? Answer now another. If thou hopest that thou art Christ's, Christ's motto with every man is, " out Casar, ant twllus" He will be Caesar in your,hearts, King, Emperor, or nothing at all; He will reign entirely over you, or not at all; Christ will not go shares in your heart. Are you i wholly Christ's then ? " Oh," saith one, " I hope so." Ay, but. take care it is not mere hope, but tbat it is the fact; and lift up tby heart and pray, "Great God, sanctify me wholly, spirit, soul, and body; take full possession of all my powers, all my members, all my goods, and all my bours, all -1 am, and all I have; take me, and make me what Thou wouldest have me to be." God bear that prayer for tl^ee, and make thee wholly Christ's. 