THE NATURALIST. THE LION HOUSE AT THE ZOO. IJie habitant leones— Old Map of Central Africa. Tow public characters arc "at home" to visitors (luring so many hours of tho day as the inmates of the liou house at tho Zoo, who might with justice cutor a protest against tho incivility of tho publio, winch insists on taking tho notice that " tho lions will bo fed at 3 o'clock" as a pressing invitation to bo spectators of their manners at meal times. Even tho hardened African traveller has boon known to winco jiO<5er__tko sustained criticism of his blaok fqlo, creatures upon his manner of taking his -fooilq/anjllho beasts that wero born to rulo in the jungles. 'and deserts of an uncivilised )4®W mqy woli complain of a judgment passed on their advanct) in manners based upon the daily appeal to, .their /primitive instinots. Yet tho 'efojibfiij ,b_ftii<! lion house so far differs from the- 'ordinary lifo of the other inmates of the Zoo that, for an undisoerning publio whioh wants oxoitement and has no time for observa tion, there is overy inducomont to confino its visits to a particular hour. The cattle sheds, the antelope house, tho monkey palace or the aviaries present much the same appearance at any time in the day. Tho pleasant round of comfort — eating, drinking, playing or sleeping — goes on without variety or long cessation. But the lifo of tho great carnivora is ordered differently and" with greater exactness. In tho morning, in tho lion house, nil is quiet. Tho animals are resting or sleeping, and tho only visitors arc artists or photographers, whom tbe lions "oblige" with a sitting at a cheaper rato than any professional models in tho trade. We wonder in how many characters tho old Nubian lion, "Duke," has appeared? He has striven with Hcrculcs, cnrriod Una, been vanquished by Samson and shot by Nim- rod. Ho lias roared at Daniel, and eaton martyrs innumorablo ; and now that his grand old body is shrunk, his oye dim and his roar diminished to a poor old lion's plea for an early bono, he still lives on canvas to entertain Androcles in his don, or dies, the last of his raco, in tho doscrt cavern of some artist's fanoy. Doubtless life is easior to the old lion thnn if loft to ttie cruel ond which nature reserves for tho last days of tho noblest of beasts. But wo could wish that some benevo lent fund wore opened to givo him the food that ho loves best in Ilia last days, and thnt Mr. Briton Riviere would paint liim as bo is, — while tho groat black mane still hangs like a robe upon his shouldeis, and tho stiffened limbs still give support to the shrunken yet majestic frame. Ars lowja, vita brcvis, is, perhaps, a saying which would appoal to tho hungry lions equally with tho artistic visitors at tho Zoo, as feeding time approaches. At 2 o'clock p.m. the animals awake, stretch thomselvos, and yawn, showing the width of their enormous jaws, and row of gleaming teeth. Tho' public grows interested, and the artists desponding. Even tho little lad in kniokerbockcrs, tho work on whose oascl sug gests the story of Michael Angolo's first essay in sculpture, drops his brushes and runs to tho steps at tho back to watch his sittore in action. Thou follows the mauvais quart d'heure before dinner— in this case unduly protracted. All the beautiful, lithe creatures, pacing ceaselessly to and fro, noiseless as ghosts, soom to be performing a kind of " grand oliain," which bocomes faster and faster as their impatience and hunger increase. As tho howling of tho wolves in their distant cages is heard by tho lions, cxcitomont breaks beyond control, and tho roars of the hungry beasts only ceaso as tho truok of food is emptied. As a spec tacle the sight has a cortain interest. But except for those whose imagination can pic ture no other side of animal life in daily con tact with man, it is, perhaps, tho worst moment to select in order to appreciate tho real oliaractor of those most friendly beasts, tho lions and tigers at tho Zoo. In tho early morning hours, when their "sit ting rooms " have been duly Bwept and strewn with fresh sawdust, and tueir toilet — which is always oomploted in their sleeping chambers — Is finished, tho Iron doors are oponed, and the owners of the different cages oomo leisurely out to greet the day, eaoh in its humor as tho night's sleep or natural temper dictates. On tho last occasion on whioh tho writer waltod on tho tlgorB1 tcvtc it was evident that some disagree ment had marked tho morning hours. Tho tigress from Hyderabad came out with a rush, and greeted tho world with a most forbidding growl. Sho then stood orcot, liko a disturbed cat, switching her tail to and fro, and after examiuiug "overy cornor of the oage, sum moned hor mato ' with a discontented raar. Tho tiger tlion stalked out, and en deavored to sootho his partnor with some commonplace cares?, which apparently soothed her ruffled nerves, for after sharpening her claws upon the floor, she lay down, anu rolling ovor on her back, with paws folded on hor breast and mouth half open, went most con tentedly to. sleop. Tho pair of tiger cubs in tho noxt cage wore still sleeping tho long sleep of youth, ono making a pillow of tho other's shoulilor. Tigers, it may be observed, do not sleep like cats, but resoinble in all their atti tudes of repose the luxurious languor of some 33 petted house dog, constantly rolling over on their books, and sticking up their paws, with heads upon ono side, and eyes half opened. J ilia pair of cubs, now some 2 years old, are tho youngest inhabitants of tho house, having by tho Maharanee of Odeypora in 1892. Both cubs, when called by the keeper, can bo stroked and patted liko cats. But no tiger which has yet lived in Regent's Park has been so compioteiy tamed as tiioir noighbor from Turkestan. Taking into account tho hard ships endured by a wild animal in its transport from the distant steppes of Central Asia, across tho Caspian Sea, thcnca by rail to the Euxine, and finally by siiip to England, it is diffi cult to maintain tho belief in tho "innato forooity " of tiio tigor after making tho acquaintance of Warsaw. When ho was first bought by an English offi cer, who discovered him in a cage waiting for a purohaser on the eastern shore of tho Caspian Son, tho tlgor was already an adept at " tricks." Ho would pick up and pour over his head a basin of wator, and was ns tame as a poodle. Tho aniranl remembered and recognised his first ownor lone aftor ho had found a resting place at tho Zoo, though not at so long an interval as that aftor which tho lion in the Towor showed its affection for its old keeper. This lion, which a certain Jfr. Archor, employed at the Court of Morocco, " had brought up liko a puppy dog, having it to lie on his bod, until he grew as rt as a mastiff,- and uo dog oouhl moro gcntlo to thoso lie knew," was sent to tho Tower, whero, after an interval of seven years, ho recognised ona John Bull, a servant of his master, who according to Captain John Smith, "wont with divers ofliis friends to see tho lions, not know ing that his old friend was there. Yot IhiB rare boast smolt him before lie Baw him, whining, groaning and tumbling with such an expression of acquaintance, that, being informed by the koepcre how he came, Bull so prcvnilcd that the koepors oponed the grate and Bull wont in. But no dog could fawn more on his master than the lion on him, licking his foot and hands, and tumbling to and fro, to the wonder of all the beholders. Bull was quito satisfied with this recognition, and managed to get out of tho grate ; but when tho liou saw his friend gone, no boast, by bellow ing, roaring, scratching and bowling could express moro rage and sorrow ; noither would ho either cat or drink for four whole days afterwards." Warsaw's affections have not boon put to so severe a test ; but his forbearance may bo judged from the fact that ho will allow his paws to be pulled out between the bars, and his toos examined to bco whether his nails want cutting. Jaolr, the Indiau tiger, rivals Warsaw's good temper, and surpasses him in beauty. He shares, with the young Sokoto lion, the place of honor as the finest crcaturo in tho gardens. When he arrived, in 1888, as a 5 months' old cub, ho was led by a collar and chain like a big dog, and for somo time was led to and from his cage by the keopors with no other precaution, until his reluctance to he shut up, when he preferred to walk at largo, led to his permanent imprison ment. A tiger cub from China, which arrived recently in tho garden?, was not less tame, rubbing bis ehceks against the keeper's hand, purring and setting up Its tail like n friendly cat. This cub has lost its coat, owing to tbe hardships it endured before arriving at the Zoo, and lives in private apartmontB at tho back of tho house; but the fur is now growing, and before long it will take its place among those of its kind who are already introduced to London society. Death lias left moro than one gap among the old inhabitants of the house, and two at least will bo replaced with difficulty. Tho rare snow leopard from Thibet did not long survive its arrival ; ono of the pumas has diet), and its mate is as yet inconsolable; while tho old jaguar from Corriontes, most richly colored and picturesque of all the great cats, in also missing from the ranks. But not ovon at Amsterdam, the headquarters of the "liou trado " in Europe, is there such a gathering of the great felidet as in tho Society's Gardens in Recent Park.— Spectator. Tho Archbishop of Canterbury lias announced that the noxt Lambeth Conference will tako place in tho year 1897. The first conference was held in 1867 ; and the second, which by proper sequence should have been held 10 years after wards, was postponed until 1878. The third in succession would, therefore, be duo iu 1898, but there being an historical circumstanco con nected with the year 1897, namely, tho anni versary of the arrival of St. Augustine in Kent, the archbishop has thought fit to rcvorttotbe former numeral, and the celebration will take place in 1897. Professor Vamhiiry has boon lecturing on tho Fashion of Languages before tho Budapest English Club. English, he said, may now ba called tho most fashionable language in all tho five parts of tho world. It began to spread in the first decades of the century through English literature, and in Asia by means of accelerated communication. Steamers wore the wings of tho English language in tho far East, and its spreading from Iudia and the Straits Settlements to China and Japan issimply miraculous. Thcro is no exaggeration in saying that tho number of English speaking Asiatics amounts to-day to 3,000,000, that of Europeans to moro than 1,000,000, and thoso added to the 126,000,000 Anglo Saxons give a total of English speaking men and women of 130,000,000. Should the ill- crease continue in the same proportion, tho middle of next century will havo 200,000,000 English speaking persons, and English will havo norival in the world hesides Chinese. Phonetically English is unsuitable for tho foreigner, and tho lecturer declares ho always suffers ncuto pain in the jaws when speaking publicly in England and trying to imitate genuine English. Tho phonetic difficulties are, however, amply re warded through tho expressiveness, the rare preoision, vigor, and exactness in which English surpasses all other European tongues. 