Bop' Column. Wagner as a Boy. — Wilhelm Richard Wagner was born at Leipzig, March 22. 1813. When he was nine, he went to school, where he was the despair of the teacher who in structed him in music ; he paid no attention to his practising, but seized every onportu nity of repealing the melodies that lie bad beard, especially those of " Der Freischutz," which had already kindled his powerful im- agination. Aneient history, mythology, Greek and Latin were his favorite studies, but his heart was really in none of these, for he had a secret aim that absorbed all his thoughts and feelings— he was a poet I In his eleventh yenr he won a prize for the best poem on a dead schoolmate, and soon after he translated the first twelve books of the Odyssey. He taught himself English, and immediately became so absorbed in Shake speare that he decided to write a tragedy. For two long years he toiled, and during this period he contrived to kill off forty-two people in his drama. He was forced to re lent, however, and to recall tliein as ghosts in the last act in order to have performers enough to play the parts. Meantime he had left Dresden where lie had been living, and entered a school at Lcipsig, but he had so neglected his studies for musical composi tion, that he was put back a class ; this So discouraged him that he gave himself en tirely to his tragedy. When he bnd nearly finished it he first heard Beethoven's music. This bad so strong an influence over him that he determined to set his tragedy to music, and purchased a book on thorough bass to prepare himself for tbe task. So fascinated did he become with the study, that be de termined to be a poet no longer, but that music should have the devotion of his life. When his family learned of the tragedy, they were much troubled, for they felt it was the eause of his backwardness at school ; but when they found him to be writing music, they were in despair, for tbey believed it to be nothing more than a fancy, and that it might do the boy great barm. He was not to be discouraged, however, and composed in secret. But at last ho was placed under the instruction of Theodore Weinlig, a man steeped in the spirit of " Father Bach," who put him through a six months' study of counterpoint. Now he learned and loved Mozart. The Boat-Dwellers of Japan.— Young people who live in Australia may fancy that our cities are crowded, and that many families must live without very much air to breathe or space for tbe boys to play in. Whpt would they say to the boat-dwel lers of . Japan ? In that crowded country hundreds of families spend their lives and bring up their children upon the water, and know nothing of the land, except as they make an occasional visit to it when obliged to purchase supplies or attend to some un usual business. In every bay along the coast ore found hundreds, if not thousands, of small craft called " junks." These are small, flat-bot tomed boats, and are owned and inhabited by a man and his family, just as houses arc in other parts of tho world. Their business is the transportation of goods and merchandise of all kinds, and their navigation is a sort of family affair. One traveller says : " I have seen a boat twenty feet long most adroitly managed by three children all under Beven years of age. I am told that, notwith standing their aptness at swimming, many boatmen get drowned, for no boat ever goes to another's aid, nor ivill any boatman save any other from drowning, because as he says, it is all fate, and he who interferes with fate will be severely punished in some way." Among these wonderful aquatic families children of thred years old will sometimes swim like little fish, and if one is backward in learning, he will be thrown overboard, and teased anil tormented until he is obliged to learn the art in self defence. Ah ! it is in reading and learning about the people of other lands that we find how much we have to love and be thankfnl for in the broad free life of our own. But even here there are children who would be better for such frcqueat baths, and perhaps you would have great difficulty in persuading the little Japs that life in the hot and crowded streets of our great cities was to be preferred to that of the junk- men on the rivers and harbors of their own country- An Adventure With a Huge Buffalo- — 1 had singled out as my meat an old bull with long, highly polished horns and tbe most magnificent mane that bas ever come under my notice. I determined to have that head, and to carry it East with me as a trophy. To Bingle the brute from the herd and to plant a bullet from my revolver in his shoulder was an easy task, when aided by such ahorse as mine. The remainder of tbe herd thun dered off to the west with my companions in full chase, and away toward the east went my wounded buffalo, with me a good second, sending a pill into his side whenever he swerved en»ugh to give me a chance at his heart. Suddenly the idea seemed to enter his cranium that he was flying in a direct line from his friends, and he wheeled about and charged mc, his magnificent head cocked sidewise, ready to toss my mustang, his nostrils and eyes blood red, and the foam flying from his. mouth. When the buffalo swerved, my mustang made a noble leap out of his course and landed me. with his off fore leg in a marmot's hole, bringing him to bis knees, snapping tbe bone of his leg off like a stalk of straw and Bending'me headlong to the ground, right in the path of the wounded bull. I was some- what shaken up, but my eyes were wide open, and the approaching danger seemed like a weight on all my faculties, benumbing me so that I could not move so much as an eyelid. The bull came on, his hoofs rattling on the bard prairie like the bones of the end man in a minstrel show. Ilis hot breath came full in my mouth and nostrils ; one of bis horns caught in the collar of my hunting shirt, tearing it away, and then his hind hoof grazed my temple. He was as glad to escape as I was myself, and careered over the prairie after the herd at a three minute gait, while I arose and planted a'merciful bullet in the brain of my doomed mustang. One day of thiB sort of thing is worth a year's dawdling about at the seashose in a dandified coat to amn who is not properly unsexed. :An Old War-Horse-— The Rev. J. g. Wood, tbe well-known English writer on natural history, relates the following true Btory in bis recent book on the horse : " Some years ago an elderly gentleman died, leaving to his widow all his property, including an old and' staid horse. It so happened that there was a review in the neighborhood, and the old lady, who was stone-deaf, drove over to see it. During the manoeuvres a regiment of cavalry passed her and as they did so the trumpeter blew on his instrument some signal which she from her deafness did not hear. The horse, however, heard and understood the trumpet call. Old as he was, ho sprang off at full speed, galloped into the ranks, and put himself in line with perfect accuracy. xu« aigum ui cnarge was then given, and off went the horse with his comrades.. The old lady shrieked, and dragged , at the reins to no purpose. Where the regi ment went the horse went ; when it wheeled he wheeled, and when it charged he charged, dragging his expostulating mistress after him throughout the whole, of the manoeuvres. " After the review was over the officers crowded round the old hprse, who evidently .had belonged to . the .cavalry, and offered a .tery high price fori him,' in order to make a pgimentsl pet of him. The offere, however, ; were refused." ' "Tho world ft eficqld; loto ' (1 really osn't stay), Unless one has gold, love (I must get away). My heart is all thine, dear (Oh i won't there be strife) i A ARVI okils ho min/i , SB» (Oh, Lord ; Here's my wife !) 11 A font is a baptismal basin in church, Im't'it, father ?" asked yonng Sharpehih».: " Yee," ; iretbrnCdtha old gentleman, Shortly. PfeBmaoy5 author gain anaou i 