? THE CHURCH BELL IN FARUM. BY JOHN D. HOBST. IN Denmark, in the north-eastern part of the island of Zeeland is a beautiful little lake called Lake Farum. It is surrounded by green forests; its Blowly rising banks are lightly covered with-the famous Danish beech trees mixed sparingly in places with birch and elm trees. Now and then ydu will see a rugged oak, a tall fir or a slim pine come up, dark and somber looking, between the light green beech leaves. In the south-west corner of the lake the woods open for a short stretch and give room, for the village of Farum. It is a cosy and inviting little place, with its thatched, whitewashed farm houses and oldfashioned flower gardens in front of them. It lies very peacefully with the old, time-stained church right in the middle, looking as if it were a greatgrandfather to all the other houses. Its once bright red tile roof is covered with a thick layer of green moss which has spread over it year after year till at last you cannot see the tiles any more. One particular feature of the church is its belfry. How it ever came about nobody knows, but it happens that its bell is very much larger than church bells used to be in the days when it was put up, and all the villagers are very proud of its bigness. Once on a wild November night, the old whitehaired pastor was sitting in his study. It was nearly midnight. The next morning he was going to visit a sick friend and give him the bread and wine for the last time on earth. He had known this friend for many years, and how sorrowful he felt when he was going to part with him. The wind raged with all its fury against the walls, and sometimes it seemed as if it would tear the roof off. He did not mind it; he was only thinking of his dear old friend, and trying to find the words which would bring the greatest comfort to him. He went to his desk, opened his large Bible, and turned the leaves. He went from one page to another, and still he could not find the right words. The old clock in the wall struck twelve. The last stroke had hardly ceased to sound —But what was that ? Had he heard right? Yes, there it was again and again—the big church bell ringing out on the midnight air with such a peculiar clang. He knew it was not any one pulling the bell rope; he was sure it was not the wind that moved the bell, but still there was the sound again and again. He closed the Bible, put on his coat and hat, and walked along the gravel path in the garden, through his own entrance into the churchyard. The wind was still raging with unceasing fury, clouds followed clouds in a wild chase, once in a while the moon would send a pale, ghastly light down upon the white tombstones, but he did not shrink. He looked up at the church bell and listened. Now he could distinctly hear the sound. It was though somebody scraped the bell softly with a piece of metal. He put the key in the lock of the church door, turned it and went in. The moon just then cast a dim light on the tall whitewashed arches. He listened sharply ; every sound had ceased. He listened again ; no sound. He raised his powerful voice and called out: " Who is here ? AVho dares to break the peace of the church ? " Every vault gave back the echo of his voice, but no answer came. He listened again, then he seemed to hear a groan which came from the belfry. "Step down" he said. "I, the Lord's servant, command you." A moment, and then he heard soft steps coming down the ladder. He was amazed, for the sight which met his eyes was the last one he had expected. From the aisle advanced towards him a child, a little boy, not more than eight years old. His eyes were dim with tears, his cheeks were pale, his left hand was tightly closed as if he kept a precious treasure in it. " Oh, please do not be angry with me because I stayed in the church," he Baid gently. " When the man went to ring the evening bell, I went with him and hid. I did not mean any harm, sir." " And why ! " asked the pastor in wonder. " What made you stay in the church this wild night ? " " O sir," the boy answered, " my mother is sick to death," here tears choked his voice. " I know it my boy, but do not despair. You know life and death are in the hands of God. But what made you leave your mother's sick bed ? " " I heard yesterday," said the boy, " that the rust scraped off the church bell just at midnight will surely bring life back to a dying person. So I thought I would go and scrape the rust off the bell and bring it to dear, dear mother, and save her life. So when it got dark I hurried here to the church." " And all alone? " "Yes, sir." " But were you not afraid ? " " No, sir. Not then, and not when I went into the church and hid ; but after the clock struck eleven I saw from my hiding place the white ghosts on the church flodr. I said my prayers and they all went away ; but soon again they came. I was eo afraid I did not know what to do; but at once I sang out as loud as I could, "What a friend we have in Jesus " I thought of my dear, sick mother, and I gathered all my courage and climbed up into thp belfry. Just then the clock struck twelve. 1 wasn't afraid any more and I sat down and scraped off the rust from the bell. See, I have it here. Now I want to go home. Oh, I am so sure that it will save my mother." " You ate a, brave boy. God will reward you for your love of your mother, I am sure. He will hear our prayers. Come, let us kneel ut the altar and pray." The wind still raged in its fury, but it sounded to the two as only the rustle of angels' wings. It blew down through the organ pipes and like the sound of beautiful hymns, it floated through the old church. The sky was clear now, and the moon sent its full light in through the windows, and shone on the silver candlesticks on the altar table, and they in turn shot back the light with a brighter lustre, which fell on the old man and the little boy praying fervently, while tears rolled down their cheeks. " Come now, my child," said the pastor, " we will go to your mother. What is decided above we do not know, but depend upon the Lord; he will help you, you good, you dear boy." "Yes, sir, let us go. I am so glad: I am so happy. While I prayed I saw a beautiful sight— a host of angels flew past me. Oh, I am so sure they carried life to mother." The old pastor took the boy by the hand and with rapid steps they walked out of the church. But what is the swiftness of man to that of the Heavenly Father ! When he heard the church bell sound with a holy tune, he had sent an angel to the sick mother's bed ; he had closed her eyes in refreshing sleep; and when the two entered the sick chamber, she slumbered peacefully, with a happy smile upon her lips. The faithful nurse was asleep, too, a sure sign that danger was over. Suddenly the mother opened her eyes and they fell on her little boy kneeling beside her bed. She drew him to her and krssed him, her face beaming with happiness and love. The old pastor shaded his eyes with his hand for a little • while, then he exclaimed, "Why, mother! you are tenfold blessed with a son like him ! God bless you both." The mother soon, recovered. She put the rust from the church bell in a little box and kept it in a secret drawer. And when after years came, and the country grew too small for the boy, now a young man, and he left it to try his fortune in the New World, the old mothers' heart would sometime! grow faint at the thought of all the dangers and temptations which would meet him, and perhaps draw him away from the right path. But then she would go to the drawer, take out the little box and look at it and she would say : " Nay! the little boy who scraped the rust off the church bell for his mother, can never go far astray." And she was right. 