Protection Abandoned*. Ministers last night executed a right about face movement as peculiar as any that has ever been known in Australian politics. They have hitherto done honor 'by word of mouth, if not by act, to pro tection; and now, when they find them selves in sore straits, they look no longer to protection but declare for direct taxa tion, in the form of an income tax and a tax on Civil servants' salaries. Mr. bKE last night said, with most unnecessary emphasis, that ha thought the Government in proposing the taxation it had, had shown courage. That may be at onoe conceded, the Ministry is full of courage. It will face everything except loss of office. To stay in power it will, despite occasional vaunts to the contrary, endure any humili ation, and perform any shabbiness. Last night, after the House had hy a majority of eight refused to assent to its proposed arrangements for public business, and that snub had been accepted without com ment, Mr. See, who a month ago was boasting of the correctness of his Esti mates and denying the necessity for more taxation, rose to repudiate those Estimates in nearly every particular and to declare heavy taxation to be urgently required. The statements he had to make under these heads he did not make in the guiee of con feBsion, but rather as a matter of boast. He seemed to take a perverted pride in his gift for over-estimating revenue and under, estimating expenditure, and to parade all eorts of figures to show that in inexactitude he surpassed even the most noted models. This was a courage bordering pretty closely on old fashioned impudence, but the performance was tame to some of the Treasurer's others. He declared that the policy of himself and his colleagues had done a great deal of good to the country, and he at the same time went into a careful statement to show how the revenue on all those things the increased or decreased consumption of which is an unfailing index of pros perity, had materially fallen off. He declared himself as much a believer in protection as ever, and straightway proceeded to propose a graduated income tax and the docking of tiie Civil servants' pay. So as to make plain how far this Government has departed from its prin ciples, we will reproduce an extract from Sir Geoege Desbs's manifesto issued in October, 1891, on the formation of his Ministry. Here it is : It is clear that large additional revenue must be raised. It must be remembered that property values have seriously declined and are not yet recovering. This shrinkage in value causes contraction of enterprise, and therefore of employment. The shrinkage and its consequent evils would be made much more serious bv taxa tion in this direction. Ministers are in favor of taxing what is called the ' unimproved ' value of land, and that mode of taxation is not only justi fiable on the part of the State, bat may also well be placed among the powers of local governments and municipal bodies. We think, however, that such an impost would fail for a very considerable time to bring any substantial revenue into the Treasury. After full considera tion we are convinced that immediate resort must be had to the Customs for the great balk of the necessary new revenue. We hold to the policy of protection. We are of opinion that import duties are the more justifiable if they are each as will result in the establishment of new industries and in largely' increased employment I for our people. Upon that policy we shall act. j At the same time any duties we shall propose will ' be as moderate in character as is consistent with ] our declared policy and witb financial require- ! ments. No vote of the House could censure this Government as severely as they can be proved to have censured themselves. The | only proof necessary is to compare the manifesto of 1891 with the speeches of 1893\. In 1891 immediate resort was to be j had to the Customs as the best way of ! raising extra' revenue. If the Customs | were the right resort in 1891 they are the i right one still. There is no finality about protection, as the bigger that import duties - are the more thoroughly are they supposed to promote a beneficial object ; and, besides, the 1891 tariff was purposely fixed at a low scale with a view to expansion. But so disastrous has proved the monetary situation that the Ministers dare not expand and increase the tariff. They shirk the subject, they shudder at it, and then arrogate credit to themselves for taking up a fraetrade policy of direct taxation. Another inconeisteney must be noted. They have taken an income tax without any effort to intro duce on their own account a land tax in which, they said in 1891 they believed in principle. They may excuse this by pointing to their 1891 declaration that a land tax at present would, increase shrinkage and bring in no considerable revenue. Bnt then why do they propose that the local bodies to which they look for so much financial relief should be empowered to collect one? Turn ing to what the Government has done about the Civil Service, the proposal to out down the number of Civil ' servants, and to render the remainder liable both to income tax and reduction of salary, is a confession of what we have eo often urged, that the Civil Service is grossly overmanned. If it were not for the abuse of political appointments the rigor ous catting down of Civil Service emolu ments would find little support. Civil servants getting over £200 will now be liable to income tax, 5 per cent, reduction on retrenchment account, and 4 per cent, reduotion , upon superannuation account.' It may be interesting to point out that only last November - Sir George ~ Dxbbs,' and Messrs. COKBLAKD, SlATTEET, LiTjtfE, BiBTON, See, and Kedd voted igainst a reduction of Civil servants7 salaries. But if these gentle men were made to swallow- their 'words and their votes once a week it 'would not affect their continned appeMte for office. The Premier, replying on the motion for adiournment last night, solemnly denied that the present Oovenunent had made any ' needless ' appointments forthe public service. , That, however, is a inatter of opinion. ' The ' lion, gentleman might juBt -as well declare that Ms Government had made no need less . appointments of magu$ra1&B.; As with the latter ?owiiith. Mir Ci^jwrranla* What is certain ie that an extraordinary number of new appointments have been made, and whether any of these are needless or not might best be judged after seeing a list of the names of the favored individuals, and the offices to which they have been appointed. The opinion of any member of the Ministry on such a subject should be taken with a grain of salt. We would very much like to see a complete list. : . It may be interesting to note that ihe Evening News was the first paper to mention the proba bility of an income tax. On Wednesday, the 11th instant, we had the following : But even with the most rigid economy and retrench-: ment the Government ?will be unable to cope with the financial difficulties without additional revenue, and to ohtain this it is thought the Treasurer will ask for the imposition of an income tax, : although of what percentage and -with what exemption is not at present speculated upon. ? The Shiels Government in Victoria has been defeated, Mr. Patterson's motion of a want of coo fidence having been carried by 45. votes to 42. This is a very narrow majority, but probably, like Mercutio's wound, it will serve, at all events, to do away with the Government as at present constituted. But it seems not at all unlikely that a new Ministry may contain several of the representatives of the old one. It is interesting to note that in the colony where at one time party politics, in the English meaning of the term, had a more definite character than in any other Australian com munity they have in this case at least dividing lines so faint as to be' hardly appreciable by outsiders. This fact, of course, does not show that such boundaries have been obliterated. By no means, but simply that through causes which are readily intelligible they have been temporarily forgotten. Our neighbors, indeed, are just now somewhat in the position of a ship's crew who see the abso lute necessity of devoting all their energies on the work of keeping the vessel from actually sinking. Thus in Mr. Patterson's indict ment against Mr. Shiels's Ministry the point chiefly insisted upon is that they have failed to carry out that policy of retrenchment which the country had- recognised as the be all and end all of a successful administra tion under existing circumstances. The charge was emphasised, though not added to in any way, by the further assertion that the Government had lost faith in themselves. This was met, as might be expected, by a general assertion that the retrenchment scheme, so far from having been ineffectually dealt with, had been most conscientiously carried out. * In reply ing to the attack of Mr. .Patterson, Sir Grahanr Berry seems to have reverted to some thing of his old habit of delivering platitudes in a solemn and oracular manner, when he happened to be gravelled for better arguments. He is reported to have said that, in order to restore confidence, it was necessary to make expenditure and income more nearly meet. . It needed no ghost come from the grave to tell people this, or rather it needed no financial genius fresh from communing with presumably kindred spirits in London. It, however, needed a considerable amount of courage on the part of Sir Graham to maintain that he and his colleagues had not merely devised economic projects, but had even practised them with considerable success. In what ever way the politicians may deal the cards after the next shuffle, and whatever may be the issues of the game, those who are really responsible for the stakes, that is to say, the 'Victorian public, are sincerely to be pitied. The outlook is decidedly unpromising. The death is announced of Mr. Butherford B. Hayes, who was, in 1876, defeated by Mr. Tilden for the Presidency of the United States, but who was ' counted in ' by a mysterious juggle in re gard to some Southern votes, a proceeding which was within an ace of bringing about a civil war, but, as thingB were, only served to demonstrate the political good sense of the American people. An Electoral Commission was . appointed to settle the dispute as regarded the count of the votes, and though this commission found itself by a majority of one unable to redress the wrong that had been committed the nation loyally assented to abide by the fiat of the body to which it had submitted the case. Mr. Hayes, who had done gallant service during the war, and might, if he had been elected in other circum stances, have been a popular President, was, be cause of his disputed title, under a cloud throughout his term. The Democrats delighted to gird at him; they published a newspaper portrait of him with the word 'fraud' stamped across his forehead, and they were always endea voring to represent him in mean and ridiculous lights. Mrs. Hayes was a strong temperance woman, and would allow no wine at the White House table; whereas it was al leged that ,Mr. Hayes had no fanatical scruples, and though not daring to drink any thing stronger than tea in his own home, would cheerfully take a glass of wine when he escaped the dread eye of his better half. This was a theme for inexhaustible mirth ; and exaggerative ' wits even went, most unwarrantably,to the length of asserting that Mr. Hayes had a great deal less difficulty in walking out of the White House ^atesthaninwalkingback.Afterhisretirementinto | private life Mr. Hayes had another misfortune. ! An ingenious rascal called Bobs Eaymond ' (a person not unknown in Australia) was J sent to interview the ex-president, and was j refused admission. Eaymond, who was not to be j baulked ' of his copy and pay, took his! pen and wrote quickly an account of how he had found the once chief magistrate sitting on a gin case in a corner grocery store whittling sticks, and bragging of the extraordinary profits he could make by selling chickens and eggs. The yarn took amazingly, and . thereafter . chicken stories were 'worked against ex-President Hayes as remorselessly as they once* -ware against a former. New South Wales Governor. There was peculiar bitterness against President Hayes in a section of the newspaper world as he had been virtually put into office by r *ke STew . Yobk Timbs, The Toms had been going to come out, like numbers of its contemporaries, with the news of Tilden's election when it got word of some doubtful Louisiana votes, and at the last moment took the bullby the horns and boldly de clared that tlie Sepublican had triumphed. The monthly meeting of the St. George's Horticulturial Society was a most successful one. Two members (Messrs. Bradshaw. and Went worth) delivered: addressee; the former on the cultivation of chrysanthemums, and the latter %n roses. Both were listened to with rapt attention, A number of fiowers, fruits, and vegetables were exhibited, and several awards given. Votes of thanks were tendered to those who gave the ftd dresses. :„- ;.'? '' ':?._?; ;---,.? ??_:-.? .. t .?..-. :;?:?:/-?? y At a meeting of the new HortioultnralSoaety at Bourke the other day, it was resolved to adopt the rules of the Wentworth Society, with! certain necessary alterations. The first show a to be hplfl about irhB l?wriatf nB ffi :y*jr xkiS*Wl ??. - ' ?? : 