! A NOVEL FOR« OF INSURANCE TEE SOCIAL DEMANDS INSURANCE COUPANT. The London Nmee of November 23rd con. taina em »rttole desorifeingoiiovel form: of insurance-the'Social Demands Insurance Company. It says ¡-" 'What ia the. least ! can give without seeming shabby V ie a ques- tion which many citizens have to ask them« selves on the arrival of every post. A large, percentage-of our letter« (w's are not speak, ing of charities) are *equests: for money» for money to be spent" on ' futilities r with .which weh^vuuosyttpathf, bat toayhioh tradition -compels asió subscribe.. There seeins to a raoe of busybodies, for example, «ho ei for the.purpose of getting up testimonü and monumenis, and memorials. They i pear tö Consult the almsaao daily and to i themselves ".Wbdai can we teaed the pot iqto oommB'morating P" Áítadst every daj th's birthday, ot the Centenary, or the tero j ténáry of Uomeoody; A hundred years bi pafised sinos {'rodgers was born, er died, published his immortal work. " Let us something," cries the busybody; ''for 1 illnstriods memory of Prougers.'' He . tb consults the 'Biographical ôiotiçfàary,''a finds that Prodgers was born at Little Fi lington, or diod there, or was at school the So he determines tb make Little Pedlingl a kind of Stratford-oa-Avons he takes ii his donaseis, serin other, busybodies woi than himself/ he makes a oordmittee, . writes to the papers, he sends letters tc ? the oonspionons ?people whom he can thi of, he stake for their namies, and, worst of « for their mdney. These tbingB cannot o*one without money, and Little P*dlingt (which never heard .-of Prodgers before) entHnsiastio,. but -does net j. stfbsoribe. {'rodgers ^drinking fountain is proposed I tíie temperance people j the local bookseu is all for a Prodgers-library (aa if any one little Pedlin^ton jever, /ead. * book !) ; Prodgers mueéum,oontaining PiodgenP rélú [the walking stickpot Prodgers, his old bool 'his quill pens, letter« to Prpdjgers, arid sin lar.obleote, ia ..'.». felt want.". Êvery saan 'letters is asked to ¿aabsoribe. There is Prodgers fite-marry- distinguished expre siops of regret are received, the , local clari perorate, Andlail tboie splendours hare to I paid:for; - Than, the problem arises, "Ho little can Ï give .fer Prodgers and .his. gio: without seeming shabby t". ? There'axe thousands ol' snob demanda. ', is Professor H'Olashan'a silver wedding, « hjs golden wedding, or he is resigning h ' chair, add come noxious' person decides thi Ú'Crlashau matt have antimonial, or thi bis venerable features must be immortalize ^n . canvas orrin ;amrbfe. The natara! an inst thine; would he for the enthustait to pt bia hand in his own purse anal defray tl Sieeessary andvconsidorahle .expenses. Bt hat ia the last thing ^cf^hich the entbnsia) hihks)thè:gir«s bis ujfiess timo to commit tees stad-circulars, and world .bf ponei people, who never; think of M!$}a»baa, ai asked 'ta istthacribe. There is ap help ft ithaca, taehsorlbeLtheyl must, that M'Olasba say smirk in marble., or. frons in oils. 1 hey hold their bands,_ will they not b bought mean, envions, «ad uoTfleHdly F Te hey b^ ncenthttfiaamiuthe cause.. Th World las rVftgM et ;witho¿t a statue c Prodgers or a portrait bf- Ai'Glasban, an might oonynus~to-doTi»i"Bat-tfaey bavet pay, and n^tteutir,V(*fc.' to pay aa little a possible, and with tha-amaUe&t; oenoslvabl amount of prehhltt ! lu addition tpJJbose. endless and^nperfluou demands, there is the o'onstanV tax of wed ding preseneB; These usually take-the fora Of th* «m'áUest and Cheapest article* in silve and ormolu,-hut taire-is? the trouble of seloc ting them, »nd thi expense of buying thor, kt retail prices.;:' '. c . Te meet' aUtbsss; difficulties, and tb lightei tbe needless bnrdeus cf fife, the Social De manda Insurance Oornpany'hns boca formed The» eopipty/ oh receipt pf a subscription graduated ¡appordjpg to sup Income and needi bf tbe members, pri|l transact for themtbi whole bujaiueee, cu the cheapest possibTi peale. The society is not afraid of beinj palled B^iibby^.it bas no oerporat'e delisacj pf feelidjr. j'.Dojpg a large ready-méney bnsi peas, ^ flocjety enjoya exceptional facilitiei for /the .phrphese ófailver muffineers at t considerable ^isceunV ned is thus prepared eranÜy to.wdnoa.tke .appusl expenditure oe eddipg presents,. lt bas established a fixed ra!ioofwntributións to testimonials of all descriptions, large" bankrupt etPok ol jepergp.es J and depprative clocks "has been aeonred, and silver weddings can now be arrangeai foi pu satisfactory, yet economical, terms. In^he .matter of portraits, the sppiety hap engaged a staff of Impressionists andr sculptors*' ghosts, ' who will work at low rates, yet,produoD articles whioh, tbecooiety flatters itself , are calculated to give artistic satisfaction. Moreover, a collection of pain tera, misfits baa boen. secured, , on ' very reasonable terms. These are portraits rejeo .ted'by the vanity of the sitters, and it has :beon estimated that they can be oonverted iato tolerable likenesses of almost «ny profes- sors, actors, schoolmasters, generals, ^musi- cians, landlord«, pf masters of hounds, at an almost .nominal expenditure. Thus comman- ding tbs market, »nd utilizing artistic refuse (that great principle of modern ^economy), the society is prepared to conciliate the moat 'apparently..^antagonistic inhusesbf, and is epiaaUy fjeâdy tc treat intb the organizers of testieaonials and-with the unfortunate persons j whoj Sjre.at preqent oempel^ed< to' defray , the 'expenses. ;.rf ? rTbe sppiety,: of course; makes BO pretence of beings a purely .â>hilanthrôpia affair, but has all;the prestige of a paying concern; The dividends, as the society frankly annonnoes, are earned partly on thé life insurance prinoiplè. ïnqpiries are made into the : oHaracter. and habits ot each member* and his; liability^ onU$ for testimonialB and memorials is estimated by ,an aeoomptshed staff of actuaries and Accountants. Speoial privileges are allotted tp,literary persons, who «re peculiarly-snbjpot to these taxes and peculiarly oopspipnous for'lack of adequate means. The mutual principle is also token intpaçoount, as any pne of the members may oonopivably beepme ,the object of a testi- monial pr* memprjal himself. On the prin- ciple Totlending ; libraries, ppergnes,. decora* tive«oleoksi and nailer expreseions of ésteeut mayigothe ^oupd/jkmopg the members, who frill taft« ho rplíeíed^ pt |i|iirruls4 «ot only of those distressing objecta, bot of snob wadding presenta tts are now reserved for-tb« domestio chamber of horror«. These will be removed by tbe society ott Milted periods/ without extra charge, the expenses beiaf defrayed at a kind of oleariag-hoaae aad by deane of sale by auction. Tbe system is admirable in its simplicity. Members (who have paid their subscription) merely send in to the secretary their weekly pile Of social begging letters, and have BO farther trouble With the matter. The seers« tary, who* bas been cbosen for his Immense experience and intimate knowledge of the. human heart, will send the smallest possible' ' subscriptions or" A letter' conveying an elegant and moving expression of regfet, and oí inability to contribute. For Dukes in &&* vantageous circumstances the highest sub» ecriptiou to a testimonial will be Ü10 10s., whim in no case will a person of letters be Charged more than 0s. Sd. Owing to the society's system of transférable portraits, it is estimated that abondance of these memo- rials Will always be on band for soy occasion. The society is prepared to parches« old por* traits of the Victorian era, and basts; bet must firmly deoliae te deal in equestrian statues, for Which the demand ie slack, while a sufficient supply has been laid ia to mest the demands for portraits of masters of hounds. Tba society is not without hopes that ft* : procedure may" end* in entirely destroying the business in testimonials/ memorials,, drinking' fountains, r/tatuesy and wedding preaenhV But this, of coursé^- must be an .affair of years,-perhaps of oentnrles, and iä the mean' time the society offers eligible opportunities' to persons in almost every cuss ot We* Artists rejeoted at tho Boyal Academy find here a market for their output. Almost tiny -. portrait of a gentleman, by aid".el 'si.gow* and a jpold chain, may be converted "into a? . mayor, while the addition of a £fddell and Soptt, and an expression of responsibility; : will farnleb a head meeter on économie »ria« oipïësv The society employs ile own erchi toots, builders, and decorators for íaemoriaf halls, founta$na¿. and moserims^ and ls '.pre' parad tb treat with the organisera of bssaarsv Having secured a large supply of theological works, the society obh furnish présentation libraries te towna on the lowest tormi con* ' sistent with efficiency» Candidate's for Par* foment wiU .ba. dealt with en. specially favourable terme. 1 * I ) ll. '? . .1 I ? 