THE PROFESSIONAL PLAYEE. It is always assumed that tie professional player of a musical instrument is socially superior to the skilled meohanio or artisan, though there is no reason in the world why be should be. An orchestral player may be a person of •distinguished culture and address; but he may also be illiterate, ooarse, drnnken, not scrupulously honest, and, in short, a person whom sensitive composers and conductors would sot employ if his mechanical dexterity could be dispensed with. An organist may be in every respect the superior of the rector, but he is just as likely to be the inferior of the keeper of the vilage shop, who does not oothplain partifralady about his status. Some of the more ianooent of my readers may be shooked atthu, and may demand of me whether a man whose. oooupatioo is ID' interpret Hande1,' Mo«art, Beethovea, or :e7en 4 Jaokaon in B flat,' is not likely- to have a more elevated goal than a buyer and seller of pots and pans. I reply, aotintha least. Ton might as well ask whether a navvy, oonstantiy, employedon vast engineering _ eohemes, is not likely to be more large-minded than a watohmaker. : Take a manwith a quiok ear and quick fingers ; teach him how to play an instrument and to read staff-notation; give him some band practice; and there you have your « professional,' able to do what Wspier could not have done for the life of him,, bnt no more aecenanlya musioian in the wider sense than a regimental marksman or broadsword instructor is neoessarily a general or a master of foreign polioy. He need make no more distinction between Beethoven and Brahms than a compositor does between Shakogptare and Tennyson: even when he has an exceptionally fine sense of the difference between good and bad execution, he may not have the ghost of an idea of the differences between good and bad music. Orchestral players good enough to find constant employment xn the best European orchestras, and yet with the manners, ideas, and conversation of ordinary private soldiers, are lees common than formerly; but they are still contemporary foots, and not at all anomalous ones, exoept to muddle-headed people who imagine that every man who can play a string of notes written down by Mozart or Bach must have the heart and mind of Mozart and Baoh.— G. B. Shaw, in the World. 