The Present Outlook. Winter is now upon us, and has brought with it an accompaniment of dearth of money and work. Labor .indeed seems to have become a veritable drug ia the market just now, and many of our breadwinners may be seen at 411 hours of the day, playing at " rounders" on the wharf, instead of following their legitimate occupations. Nor is the depression felt in Port Augusta alone. All through our fair colony the same paralysis of industry is to be observed, and the same baleful influences seem to be at work. Yet for much of the trouble which appears to be overwhelming us, the people themselves are responsible. This is our position 1 A large and wealthy colony with resources which are unrivalled, has a mere handfull of population, and the bulk of them are poor and many are in actual want. Surely this state of affairs ought to rouse every thinking man from the lethargy which has overtaken the people to ask the question— Where does all our wealth go to ? The answer is not a difficult one. The bulk of the wealth of South Australia is spent out of the colony by absentee landholders, and the bulk of the wealth kept in the colony remains in the hands of a few, who are at present very chary about using it in any way towards the development of the country. The present position of Zew Zealand affords a good object lesson for South Australia. The establishment of Freezing Works from end to end of that colony has had a great deal to do with her progress. At the present time Zew Zealand may find a profitable market for her meat, and possessing as she does rich pastureland, she is able to reap big profits from her pastoral resources, but there is something more than this to account for New Zealand's prosperity. . The legislation of the present parliament has had for its object the settling of the people on the land. It is true that the great leader of the people and parliament, John Ballance, is dead, but before he died he breathed into the dust of the legislative bones a spirit of democracy, which has created a new life among them, and will be for the lasting benefit of the colony. John Ballance abolished foreign borrowing, and during his term of office, loan mongering was unknown. He abolished land sales, and substituted in the place leases with right of renewal at a rent to be altered according to a periodical valuation. He famed and nearly carried a bill to prevent a single individual from holding more than 2,000 acres freehold, and when this measure bad been thrown out by the Upper House, he introduced into that body of nominees, practical democracy in the shape of brawny boiler makers and printers, defying and defeating the governor of the colony, who bitterly opposed the innovation. All the actions of this government were actuated by a similar spirit, and when the great and wise leader of the people breathed his last, he bequeathed to his colleagues a policy which will be for' the lasting welfare of his race. We believe that the spirit of democracy wdl'-come to the rescue of South Australia. Already the country has returned to parliament an overwhelm-, ing' majority who are pledged to democratic principles. Many shrug their shoulders at the name of labor candidates, the progressive land tax, or anything which has the taint of democracy in its composition, and predict I a fearful future for the colony. For our own part we are disgusted with the past, and with the present which is built on that past, and. we look forward to the future with great and strong hopes. We believe that prosperity will come with wise and wholesome legislation by the people for the people, and that poverty and want will shortly be (as indeed they ought to be) unknown to our land. LEIGH'S GREEK. — Our Leigh's Creek correspondent writes:— We have bad some nice rains here, and we expect to have abnndBnce of feed in a few weeks as the grass has already began to show. CHANGE OF PBOPBiETOBSHir. — Mrs Kinnear (late of Sabarban Hotel), notifies her many friends and old customers that she has taken possession of tbe Temperance Hotel, and will be prepared to cater in her usual popular fashion for the accommodation of the public. ADVANCE IN PBINTING.—On Saturday last a large and representative assembly gathered at the invitation of the Register proprietors to witness the setting to work of their new Hoe stereotype, web-printing, and folding machine. Mrs Thomas, widow of the late KyJfin Thomas, and mother of one of the present proprietors, set the -mechanism going, and tbe unique sight of copies of the Evening Journal being turned off at the rate of 12,000 per hoar was witnessed by the spectators. An adjournment was afterwards made to the Agricultural Society's room, where success was drank to tbe Register proprietary, and a number of speeches delivered. MtJBDEB AT POST LINCOLN.—A yoong woman named Danzic, was, on May 8th, brutally murdered at Little Swamp, near Port Lincoln, by one George Page, her nncle' The' circumstances of tbe case are as follows : Page went to Mr Henry White's honse, four miles from 'Port Lincoln, where the girl was in service, and deliberately pointed a Sneider rifle at her and fired, the result being instantaneous death. Tbe murderer then gave himself up to tbe police and confessed to tbe crime. Page is eaid to have been actuated by jealousy and is generally regarded as a mentally weak individual. The Little Swamp neighborhood boasts a by no meanB enviable reputation, and has furnished several events in the past, of an immoral and criminal character. FOBTONE'S WHEEL. — We understand that Mr James Coghlao, of Port Aogasta, who was approached a short time ago by an agent of a London next-of-kin company, has departed for tbe old land, for the purpose of laying claim to money amounting to nearly £700,000. Messrs Zoost and Mark Antony have advanced the wherewithal to pursue the eoarch for riches, and the chances are if Coghlan succeeds in annexing the prize, their generosity will not be forgotten. If on the other hand some other Coghlan tarns ont to be tbe right man, they will possibly have caase to regret their temerity. There can be little donbt that tbe sum would be specially welcome to Mr James Coghlan just now, as he has long been numbered with the nuemployed, and is by no means in affluent circumstances. In the terse and erudite language of the late Patrick Boyce Coghlin, the case appears to be ODe of those inexplicably mysterious happenings brought abont by the eccentric turnings of tbe wheel of the indefatigable old lady of fortane. THE AGES OF THE " HOUSE.'"—Taken altogether the preBent Assembly may be described ae a middle-aged Honse. The on!y member over the'Psalmist's 'limit' is Mr. G. C. Hawker (75). Between the ages of 60 and 70 we have Messrs Catt, Burgoyne, Cock, Landseer, Gilbert, and Randell. In vigorous middle life—that is, in the decade between 50 and 60—are Messrs Playford, McGillivray, Scherk, Coles, Wood, Howe, Hague, Caldwell, Riddock, Blacker, Handyside, McLachan, Bartlett, and Henry Downer, Included in tbe stage between 40 and 50 are Messrs Brooker,. Archibald, Kingston, Price, Honrigan, Holder, Grainger, Hooper, Giles, Cockburn, and. Lake, Sir John 'Downer, Messrs Homburg, Butler, Johnson, Hawker, Monle, Caetine, McDonald, Short, Poynton, and J. R. Kelly. The youngsters of the House—those between the ages of 30 and 40—are Messrs Coneybeer, O'Loghlin, McPherson, Gillen, Foster, White, and Ash ; while the baby ie Mr betchelor, who is tinder 30.— Antolycos, in Mt. Barker Courier. WHEAL TURNER COUNTRY.—It is exceedingly gratifying to learn that Mr Brown, the government geologist, has been sent to examine and report on that splendid belt of metaliferous country in which the Wheal Turner Mine is situated. The latter fine property has been developed in a most enterprising fashion by a South Australian Company, and now nothing but the want of railway facilities for despatching the ore, is keeping back the working of the mine. But the mineral resources are not confined to the Wheal Turner, for several other grand prospects bave been opened out by different syndicates, on the same line of country. What is wanted, however, to allow of the mines being profitably worked, is a light cheap line of railway, like those in use in similar country in America. Given this construction, and the mineral area conld be made a veritable hive of work and industry. Perhaps after Mr Brown has inspected and reported, sufficient inducement will have been offered for the government to supply th much required traffic requirement. CRIPPLING OUB INDUSTRIES.—'The action of the government in closing oyster beds in the Port Lincoln district and prohibiting kangaroo killing on West Coast areas is calling forth mnch adverse criticism. With regard to tbe justification of the adoption of measures for tbe better conserving of onr oyster supplies we are not in a position to judge, bat certainly we are of opinion that the shutting out of hunters from the above territory for three years is a mistake. The present depressed time is, to Bay the least, inopportune for lessening tbe possibilities of employment, and were tbis not so, there are not wanting many men competent to form an opinion, who believe the proclamation to be premature on other grounds. As it is, a laTge number of men have been thrown out of work, and their valuable trapping plant rendered useless for some time to come. But what makes the business more galling to bear ie that it is a well-known fact that the lessees in Bome cases, after the hunters have been-cleared off, employ blackfellows to continue killing the protected marsupial. And while on this subject we feel bound once more to protest against tbe one-sidedneaB of the Kangaroo Protection Bill. It ia simply, ae it reads now, a modified copy of some old British game law. The interests of pastoralists must be protected, we acknowledge, butBO must those of the honter, and when blackmail -is levied by tbe former for banting privileges accorded, there does not seem to.be jnnch fear of tbe latter happening. If we are not miBtakep thjs above is a practice which is not altogether unknown among e Bill we hope will be forthcoming during tbe next Parliament, and the Governmeat might even, now very rparonably withdraw their proclamation to close thei West Coast lands against the kangaroo , hooter. WILMINGTON RACES.—The annnal Wilmington race meetintr will be held on Tuesday July 11th. Full particulars will heaven in a later iaene. RECErv*D.—The colonial*A1 Reciter," part nine, 1893, being a handy little volume of selected pieces in prose and veree by famous foreign and colonial authore. Tbe Reefy r is published by Mr A- T. Hodgson, bookseller, Norwood, and may be obtained from all booksellers, at the moderate charge of one shilling. The' present edition, undoubtedly the beet of tbe series, comprises 96 pages, and the selections will be fonnd of great value and iuterest to all classes of readers, more especially to those who are always on the look out^for " a good piece to recite." CKMETEBY GARDEN.—The show of flowers at the cemetery garden is just now a splendid one, the chrysanthemums especially being exceptionally fine, and of great variety ; some of the plants we are -informed are rare, and were obtained from Adelaide specially last year. The mass of flowers does great credit to the gardener, Mr Bradbury, and is an example of what tan be done by care and irrigation. We are informed that pilfering is stall very prevalent, rosebuds and other fine blooms being frequently taken. Ratepayers can obtain flowers on obtaining an order from the town clerk. POONINDIE.—Messrs Moule and Poynton interviewed the Chief Secretary, on Monday last, and asked that the Poonindie Mission Station, might be surveyed and cut up for cultivation purposes. This fine aboriginal reserve is only ten miles from Port Lincoln and comprises some of the best agricultural land in tbe district. ItB area is 5,000 acres, and the river Todd runs through the whole extent. The soil is a black loam, exceedingly rich, sheoak timber is plentiful, and in the different gullies beautiful springs of water are accessible. There are about 50 people at the mission at present, four of whom only are foil blooded blacks. Poonindie wonld provide a fine home for 50 white families, and the government would be justified in acceding to the request of the petitioners. A touch larger reserve should be established in the far North for the natives, and a system adopted for managing same, similar to that sketched out by us some montbB ago. DIOCESE OP POBT AUGUSTA.—The third Synod of the DioceBe of Port Augusta was held _ in St Anacletus' Church, at Petersburg, on Wednesday, April 26th, the Feast of 83. Cletus and Mascellinue, Popes and Martyrs. Tbe Bishop of the DioceBe (the Right Rev. Dr. O'Reily) presided. The Mass prescribed to be said at the opening of the Synod, viz., that of tbe Holy Ghost, was celebrated by the Very Rev. James Maher, Vicar- General of the diocese. The Litany of the Saints and other prayers were recited, and then the formal and special business of the Synod began. The districts of Pekioa, Georgetown, and the Burra were constituted as parishes, and the Very Rev. James Maher, V.G., appointed immovable rector or parish priest of Pekina, while the Very Rev. W. O'Dowling, S.J., and the Rev. J. Neubauer, S.J-., were constituted administrators or acting parish priests of the Burra and Georgetown parishes respectively. The priest* present at Synod were, besides those shore named, the Reverends J. H. Norton, R. Doyle, T. O'Connor, P. Cleary, S. Karlinger, S.J., A. Parsch, S.J A Marsehner, S.J., W. Dunphy, F. Carroll, SJ., W. Doyle, E. A. Mulcahy, and M. Ward.—Southern Cross. MUNICIPAL.—We note that the Town Council has just" completed the metalling .of FjKnde^s Terrace from Marryatt-Btreet, to Wesleyan parsonage, end also Jervoisstreet, from Young-street to near Mr bowning'B residence. The improvement is one which has long been reqnired, and the construction of the work at this critical juncture in labor circles has given employment for a Bhort time to a number of the unemployed rate' payers. The-Council has also had formed in Gladstone Square a garden, which is to be planted with flowers, shrubs, and grass plots. Tbe plan adopted by the Council shows a circular garden divided into fonr sections; in the centre is Tassie's monument, round which is a fine grass plot ; radiating from this are the four sections, two of which are laid out in rectangular beds, and two in circular beds. Water is laid on with three quarter hose taps to every Bection, thus enabling all portions of the garden to be watered. Tbe ground 1B to be fenced in with a neat wire and wire-netting fence, and provided with two gates at the main entrance. The whole when completed will form a most attractive . improvement to the square. DIGGEBS' REQUIBEMENTS AT TBETULPA —On Monday last, Mr Burgoyne, accom panied • by several other gentlemen pre sented a petition to the Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands from a numbei of diggers at Teetulpa, asking that the leaBe of No. 4 Well, S.E. of the gold field might _ be withdrawn from sale. The memorialists pointed out that the supply of water in' the well was the nearest available for domestic and gold washing purposes, and that to leaBe it would mean a great hardship to them, as a lessee would be.bound to charge heavily for use of same. Mr-Siwe sympathised witb tbe object of the deputation and recommended a visit to Mr Jones, conservator of water, which advice was acted upon. After explanations had been again conducted, Mr Jones promised to withdraw the lease from sale, providing the diggArs formed themselves into a trust to take the lease over at the Apset price, £3. This provision was agreed to by Mr Burgoyne on behalf of the diggers, and the well will be made over asapon as possible. We may add that thepetftiofcere express themselves in their letter as very satisfied with present prospects of the field, and hope to see gullies yet opened up on the field, as good as any which have yet been worked. POBT AUGUSTA SCHOOL.—The education department bafcat last complied with the many requests which have been made for further seating accommodation for the children, by having placed in position a number of new desks and eeatB in the infante' class room, which iB now completely furnished ; the desks and seats are made of xeJ deal, neatly finished and varnished, and are fixed on iron stands^ to a height .suitable for yoong children, The work was carried out by R. Honey, of this town. We noted also when examining tbe deska, thst an electric -call bell bad been fixed in the lobby for the'purpose of calling tbe children to tbe principal's room, and also for notifying to the scholars tbe change of time for the varioasjJessonB. The wires are connected with tbe head master's desk, end by simply prising tbe button the teacher can call to itb^ various rooms. Under the old system a monitor had to be employed to take round the instructions; this was % most inconvenient way of carrying on tbe work, and (consequently Mir Hunn determined t0:ehaag6 it, to that 4nd had fixed Tip t)M ekclric call bell described. W^KjS Informed that tbe work was Metalled and 'portions of it made by the head * alarm ia pehfatt/i heard outeMtwita thingis cooofiflt on Mr Hons, *1 introduced tin ~ •RATEPAYEBS MEETING.—A ratepayer's meeting is called for Thursday May 18th, to consider matters in connection with the leasing of the oval to the Athletic Clubs of Port Augusta. ENTEBTAINMENT.— A grand entertainment will be given in the Town Hall on May 24th, under the direction of Mr Canlfield Barton. Part I, will consifit.of a series of grand table anx, and Part II, of the popular operette " Breaking the Sptll." The local orchestra will assist, and a musicnl treat may be expected. Music.—In our business colnmns Mr L. Fontenoy intimates that he still intends to merit the support of his many musical patrons. Pianoforte and. organ toning will be'conducted during tbe next yi-ar on usual terms. We may add that as Mr Fontenoy is a local man and his merit is beyond dispute, mnch more patronage might be accorded him in the latter line than has hitherto been the case. DB RYDER.—The above talented laHj' it will be seen by advertisement, intends to give an illustrated lecture at Port Augusta on May 22nd, and at Qaorn on May 23rd. The well known ability with with which Dr Ryder handles tbe different features of Oriental life should ensure her large patronage at both places. A com pany of adultB and children will be on the platform dressed in Eastern costumes on each occasion. QUEENSLAND RELIEF FUND.—Mr N. A* Richardson writes re the above:—Your correspondent evidently is not a subscriber or at all events a reader of your paper, otherwise bn wonld have seen that all amounts received by me have been properly acknowledged. The total amount received and forwarded to Queensland by me waB £118 6s which the Union Bank sent free of cost, I enclose you the acknowledgements from the Secretary. The lists were closed end of March. WATEB SUPPLIES FOB SETTLERS.—The government geologist will, as soon aa he returns from inspecting the Wheal Turner country, proceed along the coast from Port Augusta to Franklin Harbor for the purpose of choosing sites for boring tests. This step should bave been taken a couple of years ago in tbe interests of farmers, many of whom in attempting to travel through to tbe new areas at -Franklin Harbor, have loBt eome of their best stO'-k; indeed in some cases intending settlers have been compelled to turn back from their journey and await more favorable opportunities to cross the long stretch of dry track. RECONSTEUCTION OP THE " NATIONAI "— The National Bank of Australasia will take a stronger position than ever, after reconstruction, says a contemporary. Possessing originally a capital of £1,000,000 it will come out from the aBhes with a capital of £4,000,000. Of this amount tbe shareholders are required to subscribe £1,750,000, witb £750,000 still to be paid upand tbe depositors are aBked to take shares to tbe value of £1,500,000. The shareholders will have to pay £3 per sbare at once, and the balance of £3 in allotments spread over four years. Da positore, except those having current accounts, are offered new deposit receipts in equal amounts for five, six, and seven years for about two-thirds of the amonnt owing to them, with interest at 4 per cent per annum. Current accounts not over £100 will be met at once. Those currentaccount creditors beyond that sum will be asked to take deposit receipts for onehalf and similar receipts for the other half payable in two, three, and four years, bearing interest at 4 per cent per annum. A CHEERFUL NOTE FBOH TBE WEST COAST.—An esteemed correspondent sends us lhe following :—Gould there'be anything more cheerful than this ? I wonder how many farmers' wives look upou-wbat most people regard as tbe common place work of a farmer's life, with tbe same happy, poetic eye. She is writing to her medical adviser, conveying thanks for relief afforded. She eaye " The glorious run is freshening np everything, renew ing the energy of both master and man, the earth is beginning to robe itself in its mantle of green, and the newly sown wheat is already bursting from its hiding place beneath the ground. The plough jogs along, steadily turning the fresh BID tiling mould as it goes; while tbe man whistles merrily on. Should we not rejoice and be thankful ? " This too from the much debated West Coast lands. I hope " that there Bartlett" will see this. It may be some modicum of thanks to bim for his perseverance in securing tbe opening up of the land in that district. EXPECTING THE MILLENNIUM. — The Spectator examines the basis of the pious expectation entertained by the Rev. Mr Baxter and bis 650 follows who assembled in tbe Memorial Hall in Farringdon street on tb» 5th inst., that the end of the world and the advent of the millennium will take place on that day in the year 1896 Mr Baxter, the expounder of the prophecy, said pare mathematics conld demonstrate nothing with greater precision than that 1896 is the correct year for the Ascension of the Baints. In the vision recordc in the Apocalypse there are the words " I am Alpha and Omega." Now, in Greek, Alpha equals 1, and Omega 800. Placn 1 before 800, and there is the year 1800. The year of the vision was 96; add this, and you have 1896—Q E.D. It is not worth while to criticise Mr Baxter's figures, or one might protest that they are hardly satisfactory. In the first place, how does he get his data on 5tb March ? Tbis is still unaccounted for. Secondly upon ftbat authority does he assign the date of the vision of the year in which Domitian died ? And, finally, hie treatment of the Greek letters seems somewhat arbitrary. Alpha, it is true, means nmo erically either one or a thousand, accord ing to its accent; and Omega, by the same rule, means either 800, on 800,000 If be is going to make Alpba' into 10U0, he onght also to make Omega 800,000; in which case, the second Advent, according to Mr Baxter, will take place in 801,896 A.D. . ~ STATISTICS or THE WORLD'S SHIP- WRECKS.—We hear much of the many finely-modelled Bhips that are built from time to time, but little of the many vesarls that are lost Occasionally public intonst is excited by heroism displayed in saving a shipwrecked crew; in many cases the loss of tbe ship is only indicated by a line pt two is the list of casualties in the duly papers. Who, for instance, wonld think that last year sixty-eight vessels, the larger proportion ships, sailed from some port or other, and, according to Lloyd's anneal return, never again were beard of, and these, too, were fairly good-sin d craft. What of the crews? The Mory can never be completed, the sufferings may be gneBsed at And Britain and ti-r colonies bave more than their fair shan-, for while we make up half of the tot»l losses we contribute 28,500 out of tha 49,100 tons which have thus passed ont of the record. The total number of *reck', too, eeemB large—1,086 vessels of 649,946 tons; but it muBt be remembered that tber>are probably always afloat on tbe high eeas over 20,000,000 tons of shipping, which fact although it increases the sur prise that So many vessels should be IOM without any news, indicates generally a» fairly low ratio of loss—3 to 4 per cem of tonnage. It may be accepted as a test imony in favor of steel that of the total tonnage lost only 12 per cent was constructed of this metal, while 41 per cent was of iron, and 47 per oent wood sou composite vessel*. NOBTHEBN TERRITORY ELECTIONS.—The result of the voting up to date is as follows: Solomon 249, Griffiths 166, Stow 110, Coward 10. As there are but t worn ore boxeB to be examined, the papers in which are not expected to exceed 30, the election has been practically decided. BAND OF HOPE.—The Band of Hope meeting was held in the WesleyanCUprolv on Thursday evening, when Mr Safttyn" presided over a fair attendance of mem-' bers and friends. A short programme of Readings and Recitations waB carried ont by ChriBtina Marcos, Annie and Emily Hodson, Hilda Ward, and Mr A. J. Sexton. BOOTS AND SHOES.—Mr H. Surm&n; informs bis many patrons and' the public generally, that he has removed his large stock of boots and olothing, from his well known emporium opposite the Town 'Hall, to the more central and convenient premises, next to Messrs Brown & Pybus. By assiduouB attention to the public wants, he expects to do a more extensive trade even than be has done in the past. LAOBOSSE.—"On Saturday last, 6tb inst., he local Lacrosse Club varied their usual programme -by visiting Wilmington, to play an exhibition match witb a view of starting the game there. Twenty players in five conveyances, started at 12 a.m. on Saturday morning, reaching Wilmington at 3.30 p.m., after a pleasant drive. Play was commenced at once in the presence of 70 or 80 residents, who appeared to appreciate the efforts of the players, and especially the tumbles caused by playing on grass for the first time. A number of onlookers tried their bands at throwing, at half time, and from the way several handled the "cross 11 Wilmington Bhould be able to raise a decent team. The visitors stteuded a dance in tbe evening xnd enjoyed themselves thoroughly. Several started for home after the dance while others waited until Sunday, so BB to have, a look at Wilmington and negotiate the "PasB n in daylight. The trip was a BUCCOBBBO far as the outing was concerned the weather being all that oould be desired, and it now only rests with the Wilmington athletes to crown or mar the efforts put forth on their behalf. FLINDERS ELECTORATE.—Says " Aatoly- CUB," in tbe Mount Barker Courier '"The election of Mr Poynton, another Australian native, for Flinders IB a wonderful circumstance. Hitherto squatters or their friends have looked upon that constituency as a pocket borough, and I suppose it is the only district in tbe colony for which Mr Andrew Tennant could have won election. Mr Mortlock and Mr Horn, too, would have bad considerable difficulty in persuading. any other voters to give them a majority. Tet Mr Poynton is a militant shearer wbo on more than one occasion has come ont prominently iu antagonism to tbe pastoralists. Mr Rid* dock conld only have obtained success in Victoria under very exceptional circumstances, but at least his name has been associated with the district for very many years, and his brother sat for that constituency with Adam Lindsay Gordon as a colleague in now-forgotten days. Mr Poynton, however, .is comparatively a new man in tbis colony, although he; was born in Victoria and ato6d for Newcastle three years ago. His attaok on the squatting stronghold of Flinders was looked upon by the Ifcbor party almost in the nature of a forlorn' hope, but be worked very bard to attain his position. Many of the farmers and their sona are members of the Shearers'. Union and in Port Liocoln and elsewhere are sympathizers witb tbe cause of the workers; Mr Poynton has been industriously wooing the district for a long time,'' and be took the trouble to .viBit almost every centre of settlement iu tbe electorate, which stretches from West Australia to Queensland and from the Southern Ocean to the centre of Australia." 