A STEANGE SIN. CHAPTER L mr, 'michael armstrong. No one who was not brought into daily contact with tho poor of East Weerham could realise the honor and reverence with which the name of the man whom I will call in these pages Michael Armstrong was associated ; and only those who knew of the long scries 01 generous deeds which had won for him the love of the people, and who were aware, as I was, of the purity and nobility of his life, could understand the intenso excitement and indignation which were nroiised when it became known that he was in prison on a disgraceful charge. Mr. Armstrong, as I recollect him, was tall and gaunt, with a stiff carriage and angular square shoulders. His limbs Were so ffeshless that his clothes suemed literally to hang upon him ; and he had tho appear ance of a man who had at ono time of his , life endured terrible privations, which had left him shattered in nerves and in health, bo emaciated was ho that his head always remindod mo of a skull — ana, indeed, tho bones of juw, check and forehead could dis tinctly be seen under the tense and tightly- stretched skin of his sunken face. Thin hair of a grizzled red was brushaii across a high and wide forehead, which wan developed to mi extraordinary fuliiCBS at the temples ; aud deepset red-brown eyes glittered with unnatural brightness beneath the overhanging brows and shaggy red eyebrows. A coarse red moustache stood out so stiffly over lips which had the grey, death-stricken look of a consumptive that the corners of the mouth were acureely concealed ; and his shinny, kuotty-knuokled ana yellow hands shook. with a.strange ner vousness as ho swiftly rolled up and lit in numerable cigarettes, without ono of which he was seldom seen. . Ho and my father wore friends of many years' standing, mid when the failure of u bank, followed almost immediately by my father's death, left me penniless, Mr. Arm strong, who was a man of means and a bachelor, insisted that . I Bhould make my homo with him, offering me a sufficient income . in return for my scrvicos as his private secre tary. He was, I think, the most melancliojy and moody man I lmvo ever known, aq'd every year his melancholy scorned to become more marked and more morbid. Towhat.it was attribatablo I do not' to this day-know, except in a vague way, and my father, as he has often told me, .never knew it at all. That it was not, as was sometimes suggested, duo to teligious causes seemed evident from tho fact that Mr. Arm strong never spoke of or. made any outward profession of religion, and never under any circumstances entered a chapel or church. But, on the other hand, the whole tone and tenor of his life seemed to me, who knew hiin best, intensely religious. For sickncBs, Buffering or want ho had an. intuitive in stinct, and I have known hiin ready with sympathy or nssistanco in caBes whore not even intimate friends had suspected that of sympathy or assistance there was any need. Was a.hard-working family struggling to pay its way or to keep up an appearance of respectability under the pinch of waut, Mr. Armstrong was Burc, by some mysterious means, to become acquainted with the facts, and to hit upon a dolicately-dovised plan by which he might assist without wounding What he considered honorable pride. When diphtheria was decimating one of tho ponrost und most squalid quarters of tho town, it was Armstrong who, as .was fre quently said, "saved mora lives than the doctors," and who, heedless of hiB.own health or of the dangers of infection, gave himself up, bodv aud soul, to the stpvice of the sufferers. Ono would scarcely suppose that so melancholy a man would prove a welcome visitor in sicknoss ; but, sincere and unaffected as his melancholy un doubtedly was, ha novcr carried it with hiin to tho cottages of tho poor or to the sick room. Women of all ranks ho invariably treated with a certain gentle deference which, thoujh very marked, was perfectly natural to liitn ; and I never yet. saw; the child in whom be, did not seem'tb inspire an instinctive liking and trust," ' AH. this I learned from my fathers or dis covered little by little for myself, for if ever thero was a man who did good by stealth R was Michael Armstrong. . He had indeed the 'most singular and morbid, dislike to having his bouevolence known ' or even alluded to.. Gentle as was his manner gen; erally, an allusion to his generosity, would lead to a passionate outburst of fierco invec tive which, after it was over,, would leave him moody, morose and irritable for days. More tOan one well-meaning clergyman or minister under whose notice some charitablo deed of Mr. Armstrong's had directly or indirectly come, and who had ventured on an appreciative word, bus, to my knowledge, been givon to understand thut his remarks were considered as an impcrtineht and un warrantable intrusion upon the privato affairs of another. Mr. Armstrong's account-books, which are ia my possession, show that he subscribed large amounts anonymously to many deserv ing institutions, although his name never, under any circumstances, appeared in sub scription-lists. And yet, if invited per sonally to subscribo to these very' institu tions, or if called upon by thoso who were collecting for some local charity, to which ho had already contributed anonymously, he would rcfuso in so curt and churlish a man ner that tho request was not likely to he re- peated. At first people feared him, and spoke of hint as an unmannerly bear ; but no ono can do.good, day by day, in a country town — no matter how stealthily ho do it— and keep his well-doing a secret. Little by little the truth leaked out, and while the upper and middle classes regarded him as an eccentric but noble-hearted man, the . poor of the district simply worshipped him. CIUI'TERH. . , TUB ARREST. .. \- Things wont on in. this tray; for .many- years, during each of which Mr. Armstrong seemed to grow, ih'brb melancholy,' brooding' and careworn; until one day the' town, and in fact tho whole neighborhood, was thrown into a state of intenso and unpre cedented excitement by thn news that he was in custody upon a serious charge. I do not propose in this narrative to enter upon anything which is not necessary to a right understanding of essentials, and into the particulars of Mr. Armstrong's offence I need not go further than say it wns one which in a man of his reputation aud position would be considered peculiarly disgrace ful. . That he had committed, or was even capable of committing, such an offenco was everywhere declared a moral impossibility ; and that au explauation, which would effec tually clear him, would sooner or later bo forthcoming was hold by ull. Even men who, because their own- lives were known to be low and dissolute, might havo been supposed ready to believe any charge against the character of another, the blamelessness of whose life was a silent con demnation aud reproach of theirown — even theBO men refrained, for once, from trying to make capital out of the affair ; and some of them did not hesitate to express their hope that tho accusation against Mr. Ami- strong would turn out to bo umounded. And then, like thunder out of a olear sky, came the intelligence that Mr. Armstrong had not only admitted his guilt, but had absolutely refused to defena himself or to allow himself to Le defended. Great as was the shock which the news of his arrest had been, his admission ot guilt was a still greater shock, and for the first few moments all who heard it looked at each other with faces of blank, mistrustful dismay, on which were plainly writton the questions : "Whom, then, cun we trust?" and, "Are all men alike equally corrupt and rotten at heart?" But this wavering in the respect which was felt for Mr. Armstrong was only Tem porary, and the reaction in his favor, l>y whicb it was immediately followed, carried him at once, us on the crest of a huge billow, to a still higher place in the public sympathy, for tho belief that the crime had been committed dur ing a moment of mental aberration had 'scarcely been suggested before it was universally accepted as the one and only explanation of the case ; aud groat indigna tion was expressed that no medical opinion was taken with a view to sanctioning bis transference from the prison to an asylum. Chapter III. the trial. The town of East Weerham, where all this occurred, was at one time famous for tho collieries which gave employment to some hundreds of men ; and it no ' fell out that my friend's arrest and trial took place within a few weeks after a fearful uccideut iu which many lives were lost. Mr. Armstrong, who, notwithstanding bis haggard looks aud attenuated frame, wits a man of considerable physical strength and capable of great endurance, had been one ol the most active and hnrd-working of the "rescue" party. He was in the first " eage " which descended the burning mine, and had risked his life again and again in the perilous tusk of searching for. the dead. It may well be supposed that the heroism and untiring devotion which he had dis played during this lerriblo time hud en deared him more than over to the hearts of the people, and it is no matterfor surprise that hi3 arrest, almost immediately after wards, should have aroused intenso, excite ment and sympathy among the colliers, many, of whom were then out of employ ment on uceount of the tcinporaty stoppage of. work necessitated by the disaster. As tho hour for the trial approached, a vast crowd, consisting of those unemployed colliers, and of men, women and even children from the surrounding villages and poorest parts of the district, collected in the largo market place, where the town hall was situated, and all in such a state of distress and excitement that tho police became not only anxious but alarmed. Two minutes after the doors were open the court was full. Tho handful of police who had tried to stem tho current and maintain some show of order wus practically poworlcs9 against bo groat a number, and the judge took his seat under such circum- Btauces as have probably never before oc curred. Chatter IV. "god dless nnil" Mr. Armstrong's was the first case on the list, and I shall never forgot the scene which took pluce when his name was called, and his familiar figure was seen to enter the dock from the hack. The spectaole of tlio matt whom they so honored and loved standing iu that shameful pi acq was too much for those prosent, and, as if by common consent, there broke from that great crdwd a cry like that of a wounded animal, which was followed by a torrent of weeping and wailing from tho women, as the people stood up, some with outstretched hands and streaming eyes, to sob "God bless him !" while those who were near the dock struggled and pressed to shako his hand, or even, in one or two instances, to kiss tho sleeve of his coat. Scandalised at so unheard-of an outrage upon the majesty of the law, the dozen or so of polico who wure in the court struggled auu pushed about vigorously among tho packed and heaving masses ; but their in dignant threats and cries of "Order!" Eassed unregarded, and indeod Were scarcely eard among the sobs and bcnodictions of tho people. Under ordinary circumstances the judge would have given orders for tho court to bo oleared. To do so in this instance would have been to provoke a riot ; und after a short consultation with the head of the police,, he very wisely adopted a cottrBe which, if it set precedent and legal etiquette at defiance, had the result of quieting tho people and preventing a disturbance, i "This expression of your respect and affection for Mr. Armstrong" — I noticed that at no stage of tho trial did ho ever refer to tho occupant of the dock as tho "prisoner" — "docs you and him honor," he said, as soon ub he could niake'himself heard., " but T -'cannot allow this uproar to proceed, ahd unless order ia immediately re stored the'eonrt will rise, and tho case be sent elsewhere for trial. Such a course will oniy prolong Mr. Armstrong's suspense und anxiety, and I trust that for his sake, if for no other reason, you will control your feelings." ' ' This, had somo effect in quolling tho tumult, and Mr. Armstrong, whom ft had been thought advisable to take out of court lest tho uproar Bhould result in a riot, and an organisod attempt at rescue be mado, , was brought back. . Ho had scarcely taken his place again beforo a sickly- looking woman, who lisd been swept iu on the crest of tho crowd aud carried up close to the dock, sire tailed out a gaunt be-shawled arm towards him, while with the other she clasped to her bosom a little child, almost a baby ; and tho weij, white-faced creuture, catching sight of tho fumiliar features of the prisoner, smiled up at him and held out a baby hand, as if iu expectation of the cake or sweetmeat which it had learned to associate with bis en trance. " Don't believe nnytniog bad against Mr. Armstrong, Bir," cried the woman; turning appoalingly to the judge. "'Irn couldn't do nothing bad if 'iin tried. I know 'twas 'im saved my poor 'usbitnd's life down yon mine, and but for Mr. Armstrong there's a many 'ere as 'ud starved afore now." Again the storm of weeping and wailing broke forth as ono poor creature after another strove vainly, amid the tumult, to bear her shrill testimony to the kindly deeds of the prisoner; but up to this point -the crowd, except in its manifestation of sympathy and affection, hnd shown no dis position to behave other than peacefully. At this stage of the proceedings, howover, two policemen, fearing a rush towards tho dock, took up their position inside it, and the eight of Mr. Armstrong standing guarded on either Bide, like it rcommon felon resulted in such a roar of rage and indignation, that jiad not'tfie prisoner himself agalu'ithi.l' agairf : held_ up his hand, iu deprecating and hp- . ploring remonstrance, a rush would thcu and there havo been made to rescue him, and a serious riot'uudoubtedly ensued. Chatter V. "guilty or not guilty ?'' Something like order was at last restored and the trial proceeded with, the proofs which were brought forward of the prisoner's guiit being conclusive and convincing. It sp happened that, tfith tiie exception of the judge (and .even he, I afterwards learned, had for many years been aware of the noble work which Mr. Armstrong was doing), nearly all who were engaged upon the case were residents in the district, and knew the accused personally, or were acquainted with the unselfishness and nobility of his life. It was for this reason that the prosecution was as half-hearted as it was, for the evidence against Mr. Armstrong was given and elicited with unconcealed reluctance. When tho judge asked, merely as a matter of form, if charges of a similar or any other nature hud been. mado against the accused in the past, tho quostion remained for a moment unanswered, not because there could be any doubt about the reply, but because, as Mr. Armstrong was unre presented, some hesitation was fe.t as to who was tho proper person to respond. Tho hesitation was, however, only momentary, tho counsel for the prosecution taking upon himself to answer with marked emphasis that, on tho contrary, no breath of scandal had ever attached to Mr. Arm strong's name before, aud that there were witnesses without number, and representing all classes of society, who were willing and- wishful to come forward and give evidence as to the universal respect and honor in which ho was held. For a professional adversary to voluntarily make an admission which tells aguinst his own case is very unusual, and this chivalrous and generous speech called forth a burst of enthusiastic cheering, which was again and again renewed, and only died away when Mr. Armstrong, with his oharaeteristio dislike to hearing himself lauded, Bteppcd to to the front of the dock, and, with a gesture ot intense annoyance, expressed, somewhat ungraciously, u wish that the proseoution would confine its remarks to the fa,cts.of.;he. case. And here I must say something about the prisoner's goueral aspect and bearing throughout the trial. When the news of his arrest was first made known tho opinion was generally ex pressed 'hat even if ho were acquitted, and declared to leave the court without a stain upon itis character, the disgrace and humiliation of being accused, if ouly wrong fully, of such an offence would kill him His melancholy had always made him appear careworn and aged beyond his years, and it was expected by ull that when he was seen in court on the day of which 1 am writing, it would be found that, short as had been the time between his trial and his arrest, that time would havo sufficed to change him from a comparatively young man to an old oue. Knowing his nervous, excitable and brooding temperament as I did, I fully con curred in this view, aud, indeed, feared the worst possible results, und I oould scarcely believe tho evidence of my eyes when I saw him enter tho dock, looking younger by a score of years than he had looked before his arrest. His figure was more erect, and his bearing more alert and vigorous, than it had been within many people's recollection of him. The color had coir.o back to his checks, and the light to his eyes, anil, strangest of all, his habitual melancholy seemed to have disappeared, and on his face there was something of the brightness and beauty of youth. That this singular change was attributed, not only by the spectators, but by tho judge and jury, and notwithstanding the prisoner's having pleaded guilty, to the consciousness of innocence seems likely.ehoagh ; and I be lieve it was p in ly answerable for the evi dent prejudico in his favor with which the case was conducted, nnd for the intenso de sire to believe the best of him which was manifested throughout. The look of the man seemed positively in spired, and there was a dignity in his bear ing nnd u light on his face which made one think of him as a martyr facing/persecution and shame for conscience'3 sake, rather than as a prisoner on his trial for a disgraceful charge. Tho evidence was at last completed, and on tho prisoner declining to sav anything in his defence the jury were informed that the time had come for them to consider their verdict. After a few minutes' whispering the fore man intimated that there was no necessity to leave the box, as they had already come to a decision. The judge, nt whom the clerk of the court glanced as if asking for instructions as to whethcrbr not he was to proceed, seemed, now that the decisive moment had come, scarcely less moved and excited than tho spectators, and could not trust himself to do more than mako a hasty gesture of assent with his hand ; aud than, after the usual formalities, the quostion was put: — " Do you find the prisoner guilty or not guilty?" There was a momentary pause between tho question and the answer— a pause which, though it was only of a few seconds' duration, seemed positively awful in abso lute cessation of sound and motion — a pause in which ovory breath was held, and in which it seemed as if the very hearts of all present were standing still ; and then, clear, firm, and unhesitating, came the answer, " Not guilty." . A choking gasp, as if that great assembly had, like one man, come-to suddenly from u swoon, quivered in the air, and then — the spell was broken, the overwrought nerves gave way,' and, bursting' from hundreds of throats, enmo ringing cheer after ringing cheer, and peal after peal of uncontrollablo and hysterical laughter, as meu ehook hands again and again, in tho wildcat enthusiasm and excitement, and women throw them selves int.o oach other's arms to laugh and sob and pray. It did not need that the words " Not Guilty 1" should be shouted by those around the door tq those who thronged the stair- I way, and thence passed on from mouth to mouth, through the packed hall and porch, to the waiting masses outside. They knew outside tho moaning of that cheer, and took it up and re-echoed it again and again with a - roar which threatened to drown the joyful din within. Bui ia all that scene of deliriouB joy aud'' boundless excitement one face only looked grey and old and strickon ; due form there was which seemed .to 'pass in tho moments preceding and followinjg tho de livery of the verdict from youth to age — the form and face of the man whom the united' voice of the jury had declared innocent of tho crimo with which hc.waa charged. I watched Mr. Armstrong as ho stood np to hear the verdict, and could not but notice how firm and manly was his bearing. His eyes were bright, his fac6 calm and confi dent, and so youthful-looking' that I could ' scarcely bclievo tbat he and the moody- melancholy and timo-worn man I had known were one nnd the samo man. He seemed to bo upheld and sustained by somo faith and confidence. such as inspired tha martyrs of old ; but as tho words " Not guilty " passed the lips of the foreman, tho color faded out from the prisoner's face, aud the light from his eyes, and a fee bio old man, with a look like that of death on his features, sunk back into tlio arms of the warders, ouly to leap up again, and to tho front of the dock, where, trembling from head to foot with emotion, and with both hands grasping tho bar, ho cried passion ately, Ji "I am guilty, as God is my witness, and I olaim to be justly judged !"' Chatter VI. a disl'uted verdict. A sudden, palpitating hush filled the crowded court at these words, and tnen something like a start ran through the as sembly as the foreman of tho jury, who, it had not been noticed, had remained stand ing. said in pleqr and. ineisivo yoicti r " I wish", to ttdd, iny' .lorii, thut . wo" are each and all firmly convinced that at the time tho offence with which Mr. Armstrong is charged was committed, he must havo boeo in a state of mind in which he could not bo held responsible for bis actions, and it is for this reaBou that we return a verdict of ' Not Guiity.' " As the foreman's last word died away, and beforo the judge could niako uny re mark, the prisoner spoke again — at first with an almost painful slowness which was evidently the result of a tremendous effort to master himself, but afterwards with a consuming passion and fire. " What I did I did dcliberately and wil fully, and when 1 was in full possession of my senses. I decliua to recaivo my freedom by means of a lie, and I call upon you, my lord, "to sec that no personal feeling be allowed to intarfcrc with tho administration of justice. There is not olio of you," he continued, almost fiercely, turning as ho spoke to tho jury, "who believes in his heart that I um, or was, mad ;" and then, with a sudden break in his voice, " Some of you — most of you— are. my friends. Itis possible that it may have boen in my power to render two or three of you a ser- vico. Oh ! If I have any elkim upon your gratitude or regard — if I have ever served you or my . fellow townsmen, or am in any way entitled to your rqspect, I beg you, I beseech you, I abjure you, to be ttue to your convictions itnu your con science, and not to humiliate mo by a verdict of acquittel which you know ia your hearts is a lie." Though the silence which fell upon the court after this ringing and passionate ap peal was only of a few seconds' duration, it was painful in its strained intensity, and when it was broken by the first word of the judge'd reply, the sense of relief was so great that one long-drawn sigh escaped from the lip3 of all. He began by pointing out to tho jury that their verdict wus utterly out of order, inas much as they were not called upon to dccido thequestion of Mr. Armstrong's responsibility or irresponsibility. All they wore required 10 do was to decido whether he was guilty or not guilty of the offence with which ho was charged. But if they fouud the accused guilty, there was nothing to prevent them from adding that in th'eir.opiiiion ho should not bo held, responsible, Ls they were con vinced "IKiii'tFlf offenco " was cbfnmittnd 'at a" time when lie was. not answerablo for his actions, and it would then remain for him, the judge said, to remand Mr. Armstrong until medical opiuion in regard to bis mental condition could be obtained. When tho jury returned to tho' box after half an hour's deliberation the foreman stood up to say that they were prepared with a re-statement of tho verdict, in ac cordance with the judge's remarks. They would comply with the regulations which it was necessary to observe in BUch circum stances, and return a formal verdict of guilty ; but they were one and all convinced that the offence was committed when the ac cused was not answerablo for what ho did. Mr. Armstrong's protestation of his full re sponsibility in regard to his actions was, he and his colleagues believed, a common feature ia such cases. Tho jury considered, the foreman went on to say, that the cir cumstances under which the offence was committed were such that no one not abso lutely an idiot could liopo to escape detec tion and conviction. So far from being wanting in shrewdness and in common sense, Mr. Armstrong, when in possession of his faculties, aud notwithstanding his eccentricity, was known to be a man of keen perception and exceptional clear-sighted ness. That such a man — a man of high socinl position and honorable reputation ; a man who bad . for twenty years livod openly among tbem, and who, if lie had any propensity to ovil.doiug, was in possession of the means to follow his incli nation where there would be little fear of detection, could, .when in possession of his faculties, he capable of such incredible folly at to commit, iu the very town in which lie was universally known, an offence like that with which he was charged could not be seriously entertained by the jury. And if further proof of Ill's mental aberration wore needed, tho jury believed it was to be found, not only in the fact that the accused had refused the right to be defended — a right to which tho lowest criminal was en titled— but also in tho extraordinary scene which they had just witnessed, nnd in his persisting, in the faco of an acquittal, in declaring iiis own guilt."' "Our verdict of 'guilty' is, then, wo wish it to bounder- stood," said the foreman of the jury in con- clusion, "tantamount to e unanimous ncquittal. Wo honor Mr. Armstrong for his noble if.' quixotic conscientiousness in wishing to suffer punishment for an offenco for which he — mistakenly —believed himself responsible ; but nothing could convince us, who know him so well, that lie could wilfully commit, or even wish to commit, a dishonor able action." Again a mighty and approving roar broke forth from tho packed and heaving masses, but it ceased as suddonly as it had com menced when theprisoner was scon staggering forward to the front of tho dock. For one half-minute ho stood swaying backward and forward as if about to fall, and then he lifted a fucc working and distorted with anguish to tho window which lighted the court from the roof, and, throwing his arms upward, cried out in a voice to which it was terrible to listen : — , "I appeal from earthly justice to divine 1 Judge Thou between them aud me, O God, and suffer not tbo guiity to . go un punished !'' And then I10 fell back, with the blood gushing from mouth and cars aud noBtrils— a dying man. Chatter VII. a strange sin. As tho events which I have boen describ ing happened 20 years ago, and no ono immediately concerned in the caso is likely to suffer through the trutlt being made known, I give below part of a letter which I received from Mr. Armstrong 011 tho duy following his arrest. He began by solemnly charging mo to make no attempt cither to uofend him or to obtain his release, and then went on as fol lows : — . " When I was quite a young man- excitable, emotional aud of a deeply 1 religious temporamont— I was suddenly subjected to a terrible temptation, to whioli, in a moment of unexpected weak ness, I yielded. The thing was hardly done before I was overwhelmed with tho most awful remorse — remorse which was the more agonising from the fact tbat I was uhable to satisfy my conscience by making reparation for the wrong I bad done, or by confessing my guilt. " Reparation thero could be none, for what had been done could never bo undone ; and tlio consolation of confession was equally donied me, for to havo made knowu my sin would have brought misery and disgrace upon the innocent. " You may call mo morbid, or oven mad, if you will, but God is my witness from that day to this I havo never known a moments peace of mind. Life closed for mo in tho hour of tho committal of that crime, and the thing which has borne my likeness iB not myself but my phantom "Ihaveslood asidennd watched life's dance of passion and joy go by, knowing that I was but a ghost, aud bad no part to play among living inon and women. Dare 1, who knew that I had 110 right to take th c hand of au honest man in friendship, oiler my love to any woman I honored aud loved ? If 1 could only havo mado confession of my crime, if 1 could only havo stood forth for what I was before all, I might at last have proved my repentance, and havo oarnod tho right to my own and to others' respect. But confession and atonement were, for the reasons I havo stated, nlike denied me ; and from that day to this I have walked the world conscious that I was a living, incarnate Lie — a thing which seemed white aud fair beforo men, but which knew itself to be one of the foul- ost and most loathsomo creatures that defile God's earth, "Can you understand now why it was that I was always. solitary, brooding and melancholy ? Can . you wonder now .why qycry thoughtless ; word- of praise wa> to me —who knew -myself for' "what I wits, end who was soeking, by tho complete surrender and sacrifice of self, to atone for . the 0110 irreparable' wrong I had done — liko tho tearing away, by a rude hand, of the bandage from an unhealed wound ? I have got up in the night, after heanns such words of praise, and looked at my reflection in the glass, uutil I saw such loathing of myself, ex pressed upon tho uneanDy ghost.faco which loomed out at me from thu silver twilight, that I could meet the look iu those eyes 110 longer, aud slunk nnd stolo away, with furtive, backward-cast glance, like a guilty thing surprised ; and I remember that once in my haired und abhorrence of myself I struck tho grinning thing with my clcnuhcd fist, cutting my flesh to tho bone and shiver ing tho glass to atoms. "At last I felt that I could bear the buidcn of my sin no more. To stand iu the dock, or 011 tho scaffold, would bo a very heaven compared to the hell of remorso and self-loathing to which I was each (lay condemned, "And so it was that I determined to commit, or go through a form ot com mitting (for the thing itself I had no ieeling but loathing and abhorrence), tho offenco with which I am charged, and I planned it to take place at such a time aud under such circumstances that detection and conviction were inevitable. "Tho rest you know ; and you know now, too, why I have forbidden you to take any steps to defond mo or to explain away my crime. To do so would bo to rob me of thu one thing for which I have longed as man never longed for woman, the starving for bread, or the dying for life. Tho cup of shame which I hold to my lips is sweeter to me than evor was sunlight to the prisoner in a dungeon, for now at last I know that I shall not step into otcrnity 11 11 iaearnatu Lie — now at last I can face God and man and my conscience again, for, if I am known and branded as a criminal, I am at leaBt not that foulest of all foul things which defiles God's earth — an unsuspected hypocrite 1" 