THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thcksdat, Septembeh 21. me &PEAKSS; (Hon. J. Coles) took the Chair at 2 p. m. BAROSSA WATER SCHEME. Tha COAIM.ISSIONE11 of PUBLIC! WUiiKS, to the tion. A. Catt, speaking from memory, eaid the atepa that had been taken for the acquuition of land in connection with the Baroria water scheme consisted of the lodgment of the necessary applications and papers preliminary to making applications for certain lands to be leased under tho Water Conservation Act of 1SS6. WORK ON THE RAILWAYS. The COMMISSIONER of TUBLIC WORKS promised Mr. Beookek to call for a repcris into the allegations contained in a letter signed by Mr. J. B. Gould, in the RajisUr.as to long hoars on the railways. Wherever possible the time was equally pro portioned. To Hon. A. Catt— H9 would have a report prepared dealing with the employment of oScen on the lines. Mr. COCK asked whether the Commissioner of Public Works was aware that upon one day in the week two men had to work fifteen hours at tha gooda-shtd. Tha COMMIS SIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said there were no men who had to work more than eight houre per day there. THE BLOCKERS' TRAIN. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, to Mr. McPhersox, eaid no arrangements had yet been made as to the restoration of the Mockers' trains in the hills, bus arrangements would be made immediately to provide for tha running of a later train on Saturdays. DEEP DRAINAGE FOR TOJLEY. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, to Mr. Pkice, said he waa obtaining information to determine the adviaableness of extending the deep-drainage system to Unley, Hyde Park, and Goodwood. The probability waa shab the districts would be found suitable for the purpose. TUNNEL AT HAPPY VALLEY. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS told Mr. Caldwell that the No. 3 ahafs on the line of tunnel, Happy Valley, had been sunk since the discontinuance of work by Mr. Hedges some 91 ft., and no difficulty had been experienced. With the exception of the pump the same machinery which waa used by the former contractor waa still in uae. No fresh machinery was required to finish the work according to the specifications m No. 2 FORFEITURE OF TENANTS' LEASES. The PREMIER told Mr. Dowses that the Government could not undertake this session to introduce legislation to providsfor relieving tenants against forfeiture of their leases in cases where pecuniary compensation would be a sufficient satisfaction. MACARTHUR RIVER MAIL. The TREASURER told Mr. Solomon that one trip had already been made by the steamer Darwin between Porb Darwin and the MacArthur River. Three others were arranged for in alL The four trips cover a period of one year. 3ELLTNG BONDS. Mr. SOLOMON, on the motion to go into Ways and Means, called attention to the recent Bale privately of £50.000 worth of bonds. A return waa recently published in the Press showing that an oiler from, oar brokers, Messrs. Daniella, Mullians, & Co , had been accepted by the Agent-General at £03, Ies« £ per cent, paid for brokerage. He found that the transaction, coat the country from £600 to £700 more than it ought to have done, and in addition the value of our stock was seriously damaged in the London market. He had already commented upon the in advisablanesa of putting small parcels of the balance of onr loan upon the London market whenever the market showed an upward tendency. The London Times showed that the quotations for our stock were very much higher than the prices that were obtained. On Anpu3t 3, when our telegram was sent, the absolute sales of our 3k per cent, stock were £01 and £94J, from 1 to if per cent, more than we got. On August 4 tho quotations for absolute sales were £3i. £9-l-. and £iU?., and on August 5 ealea wero effected at £9Sj and &MJ.; i On August 6 and 7 there was no market, and or_Augnst 3 the sales were £9-1 5a. and £94 10a. On Ansust 9 they went from £93 to £94, £94J, and £34j|, and on August 10 the price waa £&- 20.4. Therefore on August 3 stock waa sold a& £92 13s., when it waa worth £94 as. and £94 10--. in the open market. If sums from £t-00 to £700 were to be thrown away in this way the sooner they had a different system of floating loans in London the better. The average difference waa IA par cent, on the £50,000, and the action brought down Australian stock all round. It was an absolute loss to the country, and the Soaring of the etbck in this huckster ing retail manner was absurd, i The TREASURER said 3Ir..5oIomon had .better bo sent hotnss as Agent-General. ? If Mr. Solomon's statement were correct the present Agent-General ehould be kicked out, for he waa utterly unfitted for the position, and w&3 sacrificing the colony. The hon. member had taken a false idea of the situation. Mr. SOLO MON— Figures prove it The TREASURER— Twelve months ago, when the Government sold some of the balance of the stock in London, some hon. members got up, as if they knew all about the London market, and said it waa improper for the Government to eell in the huckstering way t&6y were doing. Tha consequence WO3 that they had to float Treasury bilk at £4 lls. 3d. They bad an offer in London for £250, C00: tut there waa trouble in the House, and the Government could not take the offer. They were not allowed to seH it in the retail way, which waa the proper way to sell ifi.- They had offered the whole of it, and could notsellib, and they should take nd vantago of every opportunity. They had lost tens of thousands of pounds through hon. members who talked glibly influencing other hon. members who knew nothing about the market, and the whole of the stock would have been sold at a more satis factory price than they could obtain that) day. Aa a consequence, he had to pay £13,000 to remit interest to England. He determined when he camo in to sell aft the firat opportunity he got. The Agent-General advised that be had an oiler, and trie stock would fall. Mr. SOLOMON— Tt did not fall. The TREASURER— That disproved the hon. member's contention that the sale would make the stock fall. Ho knew the Agent General, and the colony knew that he had the beet interests of tha colony* at heart;, and would not sacrifice the interests of the community. He trusted hue, and would take his advice and sell whenever he said that the time waa a favourable one. The Agent-General had made a good barcain, and he had got most favourable terms. What would happen if he adopted the course sug gested by the hon. member and advertised in the London papers for offers for the loan 1 The Etock would falL At the present time it waa 10 percent higher than Victoria. Mr. GR.A.TNUER— No it is not. Mr. SOLOMON— That is nothing to blow about. The TREASURER— It was something to Mwrratulate ourselves upon. Mr. GRAINGER considered Mr. Solomon's remarks wera pertinent and very accurate. Eves the Agent General could make a mistake, uid there ouftbt to be an enquiry into this matter. It was absurd that our mon«v should be sold in small parceb. If the Treasurer ?ranted to float the balance of our loan, why did he not advertise the price we wanted for it* Do the thine above beard. The effector selling this £50.000 waa to Ptart rumours thas we could not meet our engagement!?. That was according to a cable appearing in one of our papers. An Hod. Member— What paper was that? An Hon. Member — Wasn't ia the Adscr liaer? Mr. GRAINGER thought it waa the Regis ter. Mr. ARCHIBALD — The message was made np in King William-street. Mr. GRAINGER— The Government could have got this money in London some time oeo if they hid liked to have advertised it. Ha would like to know who had thi3 stock. Is looked suspicious, seeing that the Agent General was not smart enough in getting 1 per cent, more than he could have got. When we had a broker paid by the colony to do our business in London we had a right to know to whom the stock was sold. In fact, under the rules of the London Stock Exchange the name could be demanded in the room, and the rules provided that every transaction must be marked. As to the Treasurer's statement that our stock waa 10 per cent, higher than the Victorian, that impression got abroad ap parently because some of the people in London wanted Victoria to sacrifice her stock at 10 per cent. lower than our stook. It was but natural that these people should attempt to get stock 13 cheap as possible. We should require to issue stock sojee of these days. If the colonies went into the market at the same time they ivould cut their own throat?. He would eng zest that the Treasurprs of the colonies shoufd combine to issae federated stook and borrow on behalf of Australia a? a wnole, each colony taking what it required. Some arrangement of that kind would prevent the colonies clash ing to their own detriment. (Hear, hear.) INCREASED LAND AND INCOME TAXES. In Committee of Ways and Means._ Further consideration of the fol owing reso lution, moved by the TREASURER— That 'he Chairman be directed to move the ITuuse for leave to bring in a Bill for an Act to pro vide for increased taxes on land and income, and fcr other purposes. To which the Treasurer moved to add — The increased taxes to consist of the following, viz.:— 1. An additional land tax of one halfpenny for every pound sterling exceeding the amount of fiva thousand pounds of the total assessed unim proved value of all land owned by any party, i An absentee tax of twenty per centum added to the amount of land tax and additional land tax payable in resnect of land owned bv absentee ' 3. Income tax at the following rates in lieu of the rates of income tax heretofore in force: -(a) On all income der ved from personal exertion at the rate of four pence -Halfpenny for every pound sterling of the net amount thereof up to and inclusive of the sum of one thousand pounds, and at the rate of sixpence for every pound sterling of such amount above tha said sum of one thousand pounds, (b) On all incomu consisting of the produce of property at tha rate of ninepence for erery pound sterling of the ne: amount thtreof up to and inclusive of the_ sum of one thousand pounds, and at the rate of one shilling for every pound sterling of such amount above the «aid sum of one thousand pounds. Mr. GRAINGER moved— To leave nut, ail t ha words after ' tax' in paraprarh 1 of iheTieasurer's proposed amendment, and add ' where the p.-- e.«sed value of land is £S,OTO and less than £io.cno, \A. in the pound sterlin™; slO.oOO and less than £20 1)00. Id ; £20.000 and less than £30 Oft). -''(I: £30.000 and less than a. 10,000, Art.; £40,000 and 'ess than £50,000. gd. ; £50,000 and less than £70 000, Id.; £70,-i0O and less than £00,000, i-i.; £00 000 and less than £110,000, Id.; £i 10.000 and le«s ;h--n filSO.OM), 1-Jd.: £130,000 and less than £150000 lid ; £150,000 and less than £l7i'.0i)0,i;d.; £170/j00and le«s than £130.000, lid.; £11)0,000 and leas than £210,000. ljd.; £210,000 or exceeds that SUMr. GILBERT for Mr. WniTE withdrew hi3 amendment to omit the reference to in creased land tax. Mr. GRAINGER said it would be well to have a definite system of taxation and not keep on tinkering at it. In Victoria the pro gressive tax was much higher even than that proposed by Dr. Cockburn some years ago. The highesc rate of his proposal waa ljd. They had heard a lot about equality of sacrifice. If it were right to have progressive taxation with regard to probate and succession duties 'sir' JOHN DOWNER— That is quite a different principle. Mr. GRAINGER could not see it. If the progressive system were right as regards income and estates of those who were dead, it must be right as regards estates belonging to people who were living. He did not want to be hard upon the men who only had £5.000 worth of land, for a man with a vineyard could not utilize it any more than he did. In these days the Treasurer said he was opposed to the progressive land tax because it was singling out a class for taxation. That was what they were doing with their present proposal The T RE ASU RE R— No. Mr. GRAINGER did not think the pro gressive land tax was a class tax, but he wanted to see large estates utilized and divided up. They were a cost to the country, and were no advantage to it. If hon. members wanted to read arguments in favour of the principle they could read the speeches of the Commissioner of Public Works, the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, and of the Minister of Education when he nailed his colours to the mast. He believed progressive taxation would come, and rather than have the matter crop ping up year after year let them settle it that day. once and for all. Mr. BROOKER— What amount would it realize ? Mr. GRAINGER said the Commissioner of Crown Lands or the Commissioner of Publio Works could tell him. The wealthy people could afford to pay more than the poor man. Sir JOHN DOWNER said his opinions on the progressive land tax were well known. He agreed that it would be well to settle the matter permanently, for the community was unsettled by the constant alterations. Let them consider what he would call the graduated scale and the object of taxation. The object of taxation was to pay the cost of government, and the person who should pay for it was the person who benefited, and he should pay in the proportion which he received benefit. Every one received benefit from the State, poor as well as rich ; so that the expense of government was as much a necessity of living as food and clothes. The graduated system was that a person should pay according not to benefits received, but to the means they had of payment. Was that principle just? Government was as much a necessity as means of living. Would it be right for a tradesman to charge for the means of living according to the means of the re ceiver to pay ? Mr. ARCHIBALD— That would be a paternal Government. Sir JOHN DOWNER— Certainly, but that was what certain proposals were tending to. Mr. Grainger referred to death duties. A different argument applied to that, for much might be said as to tho right of a man who made his wealth to bequeath it to persons who had not earned it. Considering it upon the principles he had enunciated, it was assumed that increased means did not bring increased necessities, but they did. But what were these increased means? Principally the results of thrift, and because a man possessed more thrift than the improvident he was to be made the subject of special taxation. (Hear, hear.) That could scarcely be a reason for the imposition of extra burdens. Another objec tion to graduated taxation was its arbitrari ness. No precise basis could be given on which it proceeded. Moreover, it was unjust and dangerous, for once start the principle that the taxation was not to be proportionate with the benefits received, but the accumulations of wealth, and they would go on till they reached that glorious millennium which Henry George and Bellamy had favoured us with in their books. The pro posal of the Government was to double the tax on land over £5,000 in value. As Mr. Grainger had pointed out land was already doubly taxed as land and the income derived from it, and now it was proposed to double even that. What was the principle on which land was to be selected in this way ? Either because the acquisition of land was wrong, or the people had made quite enough out of it, or the holders were not using it properly, or simply because they were wealthy enough to pay extra, whether property was land or not. Was there some inherent quality in land to make it the subject of special taxation ? (Hear, hear.) If it were to be imposed on the ground of wealth there was no reason why land was selected ; neither was there because of the income de rived from it. It could not be said that it had been wrougly obtained, neither could it be said that the present owners had had it for centuries. What was the reason, he would ask again? (Hear, hear.) He was glad tho land owners in the colony were devoting attention to the matter, and had come to the conclusion despite the visits of certain individuals who endeavoured to persuade them other wise that the graduated land tax was an iniquitous proposal. (No.) If the tax was a revenue tax it could be evaded by cutting up the land into holdings of less than £5.000 in value. Mr. POYNTON— Then we get it through Customs. (Hear, hear.) Sir JOH.V DOWNER— Then the tax was really punitive in character. Assuming the tax was for revenue purposes its obvious result would be to decrease its value, and the neces sary effect of the division of large estates would be the reduction of land values generally throughout the colony. Mr. BROOKER— The speculative value. Sir JOHN DOWNER— The sale value. He had repeatedly heard it stated that if more people occupied the big estates they would be better utilized, but that was a mere assump tion which he had not heard proved. The cry for this graduated tax came from the town not tho country. (H«ar, hear, and No.) The TREASURER— Tho Farmers' Asso ciation were the first to propose the progressive land tax. (Cheers.) Sir JOHN DOWNER— They had changed their minds since. The Minister of Education was quite safe in declaring his policy at Strath albyu. He was cheered to the echo because he was going to relieve the bulk of the people from taxation and make a few pay. The farmers in his district who had thought about it at all had realized that this graduated tax was a pernicious principle — (Hear, hear)— and meant a gradual destruction of the land values throughout the colony. It was nearly time the producers of the country made a stand and understood that the towns were not to do everything. All the members of the country districts would be agreed about the matter in a little while. Supposing they accepted this graduated tax now, would is stop there '? No ; next year there would be another alteration. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HOURIGAN— What do you think of an all round income tax ? Sir JOHN DOWNER did not object to it, provided it went all round, and it could be proved to be necessary. Tne Treasurer would soon ask the House for more taxation. How much wonld this amount to? The TREASURER- About £23,000. Sir JOHN DOWNER thought that would be insufficient. He was disappointed that the Treasurer had not told the House about the present financial position of the colony, instead of merely moving thn resolutions. It was five weeks since the Budget had been delivered. The TREASURER— I told you not long ago; about a month. You don't want a budget every day or two. I will go into the matter again on the Bill. Sir John DOWNER held that the time for explanation and discussion was certainly and properly in thia Committee. The Treasurer ought at any rate to have given more informa tion. It was well to have finality in our taxa tion system for another reason. Our colonies were being looked at with interest as an experi mental field to a great extent for tho benefit of English people. But tho home financiers would not care to lend and invest here if we kept on changing our conditions. Mr. McPHERSON — They would look worse if we could not raise sufficient taxes to meet our liabilities. Sir John DOWNER— Exactly. Personally he would very much prefer a property tax to any of these schemes, but he did not like our constant changes, and it was better to have a tax which was not even the best than keep on changing. (Hear, hear.) Let ua keep to the land and income taxes that we had ; if necessary double both, but at all events make both ends meet. Mr. BROOKER — Would you vote for that ? Sir John DOWNER— Undoubtedly if it were shown to be necessary. He would go for increased taxation if necessary all round, but first of all he would use every experiment to keep the expenses down to the lowest possible sum. He would entirely oppose the first resolution at all events. He could see no justification for selecting any one class of property for special taxation, while the method in which it was proposed to levy was unfair and unreasonable. (Cheers. ) The TREASURER said that it was impos sible to please some people. He made his financial statement in the middle of last month, and as things were exactly the same now he had not thought it necessary to make any further statement. He had a better rail way revenue than he expected to get, but a worse Customs return, and so the one balanced the other. Speeches like that just delivered by sir John Downer, which set town against country, were most unpatriotic. The hon. gentleman attempted to fix upon the towns the starting of the progressive taxation principle. The farmers of the community started it. The President of the Farmers' Association at that time, Mr. John Millar, stood for Parlia ment for Stanley, and strongly advocated the progressive taxation. Mr. GILES — He was only one. The TREASURER— The farmers took up the matter very strongly. As fast as the prices of produce fell land values fell too. That was always the case. There was no agitation in England for bursting up large estates, but prices of produce and land had fallen nevertheless. So far as the principle was concerned when it was first introduced into the House in the form of death duties he favoured it. (Oh.) He had always been in favour of progressive death duties. which could be applied all round. He had never been in favour of singling out one class for taxes. Mr. JOHNSON— What are you doing now? The TREASURER, was putting the tax on incomes also. He had been singled out as an opponent of progressive taxation. He had assisted to support the progressive taxation upon death duties because it applied all round. Mr. JOHNSON — You have turned a somer sault. The TREASURER— Some people turn a somersault by stepping on a piece of banana peel. (Laughter ) The PREMIER— Here, that will do. '(Lanshter.) The TREASURER— I would be an obsti nate fool if I did not change my opinions sometimes. Mr. GRAINGER— He walks on banana peel. (Laughter. } Mr. DOWNER— You have changed since the elections. The PREMIER— Do you never change? (Interruption.) The TREASURER— The position he took up was that it was unfair to single out the people who owned land while they allowed the people who owned shares to escape. The graduated scale could be used as a dangerous weapon, and if carried to an extreme meant confiscation, and it might be carried too far. ( Hear, hear ) He did not think their scheme fell heavily on any one. Mr. SOLOMON— What about the mort gaged estates? The TREASURER— Supposing the mort gagee was taxed the man who owned the property would have to pay the tax. Take an instance. The East-End Market Company bor rowed 11,000 from the Savings Bank. If the mortgagee was to be taxed in a proportionate amount the Savings Bank would call in their mortgage unleea the mortgagor paid the tax. Mr. SOLOMON— That shows the unfairness of the tax. The TREASURER— It showed that the man who owned the land should pay the tax, for if a gold mine was discovered the land owner would take it. Mr. MOULE— What would the mortgagee do with the money when he called it in? The TREASURER— Lend it again, but it would be lent at a higher rate of interest so as to cover the tax. Mr. MOULE — Is nob the rate of interest regulated by supply and demand ? (Inter ruption.) The CHAIRMAN— Order. I must ask hon. members not to interrupt. The TREASURER -Interest was regulated by the cost of the supply of money. Mr. MOULE— Why did the rate not go up in New Zealand when the tax was put on ? The TREASURER argued that the land owner paid the tax. Mr. GILBERT complimented the Trea surer on his ingenuity in explaining his altered attitudes. It came of great practice. Mr. SOLOMON— He beats Brough. Mr. GILBERT— When an hon. member frequently changed they wanted to know how long he was going to be before he changed again. The TREASURER— I never changed on this question. The PREMIER-:You are the only one who never changed. Mr. GILBERT eaid the opinions he held three or' four years ago he held now, and he failed to see the justice of the principles of the pro gressive land tax. There was a reaction throughout the country in respect to the matter. The conclusion tho farmers arrived at was that if they agreed to the progressive land tax as soon as the Government got into difficulties they would reduce the rate so that the small producers would have to pay more. If the principle was just why should it be limited, as in the present proposal? Moreover, this proposal was introduced as a sidewind, for the Treasurer wanted more money — more money, too, he was afraid than he would get. (Hear, hear.) He deprecated such Fabianism. Why not fight the matter out openly? (Hear, hear.) Although not wholly responsible the agitation as to land taxation of the last few yeaw had much to do with the depreciation of values and the increase of mortgages. The proposal of the Government would undoubtedly press unduly on the pro ducers, the very class who should last be selected to bear fresh burdens. (Hear, hear.) It was all very well for hon. members in the city to talk who know nothing about the distress the suffering farmer had to endure. Mr. POYNTON— I know as much about it as you. (Hear, hear.) Sir. ARCHIBALD— We know your little game. Mr. GILBERT would like the hon. member to get up and explain what he meant. He belonged to no particular interest. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ARCHIBALD— Your little game is to defeat the Government. Mr. GILBERT— It was a matter of prin ciple to him. Mr. ARCHIBALD— Why misrepresent us ? Mr. GILBERT had no intention of so doing, oaly couutry members necessarily knew more of the condition of the producers than city representatives. The proposal of the Government was a step in the direction of making the land bear the whole burden of taxation — a most inequitable scheme. There was no reason why a man should be taxed on his land because the land .and his holding could not be removed. It was most unfair, too, that mortgagees should have to pay such heavy taxation. The men who were in the worst position were those who had spent their all on their holdings, and had lost practically their whole interest in tho land. (Hear, hear.) Mr. O'LOUGHLIN considered that the opponents of the progressive land tax three years ago should now accept the Government proposal which was very moderate. The necessity of introducing some taxation scheme for bursting up large estates had been clearly shown, ln adverse seasons the big owners would add section after section to their land, our Customs revenue would decrease, and in time the people would become only tenants ; that was if progressive land taxation were not adopted. Mr. GILES contended that this progressive taxation would seriously affect the land owner both as regards the payment of the tax and tho depreciation of land values. He would be one to prevent the accumulation of large estates pro vided he did not injure present owners. It was unjust to tax people on the unimproved value of land unless they exempted the mort gage, as was done in New Zealand. The Treasurer had said if this was done it would affect the rate of interest, but it would not. The rate of interest depended upon the amount of money in tho market and the value of land. There was talk of large estates. Why, only the other day the Government put men on land in 90,000-acre blocks with right of purchase. Now they wanted to tax them for holding so much land. Mr. BROOKER— Why did those men go on to the land ? Mr. GILES— They were enticed on to it by low rent.-'. Mr. BROOKER— I suppose they wanted the land. Mr. GILES— They should not be punished for holding the land. He urged the Govern ment to put things on a fair basis. If they would not exempt mortgaged land, then let them exempt the price actually paid to them for land and levy the tax on the increment. The farmers did not want the increased tax. An Hon. Member — Your colleague says they do. Mr. GILES got his support from the farmer.-!, while Mr. O'Loughlin claimed his from the townships. He laid tha blame for the position upon the Treasurer, who was in office when the mischief was first started, and now he was going to increase it. Tho Treasurer was in the House when the men were persuaded to buy the land. It was the thin end of the wedge, and he would oppose- the motion. Mr. McDONALD said Mr. Giles and Mr. Gilbert were consistent property taxers. He was just as strong on the land and income tax. Was Mr. Giles prepared to accept an all-round increase of 1d.? Mr. GILES— Ves, if you exempt the mortgagees. Mr' McDONALD was not prepared for an all round increase. The mortgage was a bogie, because the mortgagor would have to pay the tax. They should do nothing that would prevent capital coming into the colony. He regretted that the Treasurer had not delivered a supplementary budget speech, so as to inform the country what difference the altera tions in the taxation proposals oi the Govern ment would make. He would support ths progressive land tax with a repurchase scheme. He would only support the Bill for one year, because he would not go in for extra taxation on the land until it was seen whether the cost of Government could not be reduced. He would support the absentee tax. That was a blow at the South Australian Company. He wished that Company would sell their land, because it was a cause of much speculative legislation. The rents on that land were much heavier than the people eould pay. Mr. MOULE had given notice of a resolu tion, and it had been pointed out to him that if carried in that form it might be evaded. Therefore he wished to strike out from ' taxable amount' to the end of the sentence, and insert 'tho amount due to the Crown for purchase-money shall not be included in the amount.' He was glad to hear Mr. McDonald say that he would only agree to the Bill for one year. There waa plenty of room for economy, and greater reforms could bo made withuUt touching any salaries. If the Government would alter the system by which the balances of the Banks were kept up, as recommended by the Civil Service Commission, some £G,000 would be saved. The TREASURER— That is all done. Mr. MOULE— Nothing of the sort. Economy could easily be effected in regard to the Agent- General's establishment. The PREMIER— Why didn't you do it yourself ? Mr. MOULE— The present Government did not give them a show, and sneaked their seats. As bo the proposals of the Government for taxation, ha regretted that they did not give more prospect of fixity. He was tired of such tinkering, and he could not regard the Government scheme as a com promise. Mr. Grainger's proposal was much fairer than that of the Government. He claimed the support of ths Premier ? The PREMIER— The claim is not recog nised. Mr. MOULE — No doubt the Premier would go in for repudiation. He claimed the sup port of the Premier in regard to the exemption of mortgages. In 1890 the Premier spoke as strongly as possible in favour of the mortgagee paying the land tax. The taxation on blocks over £5,000 in value would average 3d. on every sheep. The rentals which the people were even now paying for land not exclusively adopted for agriculture were fu'ly as much, if not more, than the owners could fairly pay, although, of course, that was mainly attribu table to the fall in the price of wool. Iitt the Treasurer go in for some scheme with prospects of permanency — the New Zealand scheme, for instance, which most of his colleagues favoured. While for mortgaged land people had still to pay the same interest they were now asked to pay an extra tax as well. The Government if they wanted to settle people on the land should adopt the New Zealand system of taxation. Mr. HOMBURG agreed with all that had been said as to the necessity for economy. The present Government had suah a following that they had an opportunity to economize which no Government had had during the last three years. He had perused the Estimates, and still savings might be effected without impairing the efficiency of the Civil Service. Every effort should be made to make both ends meet before increasing taxation. Mem bers who believed in the property tax should move for it as an amendment to the proposal of the Government. He believed in it, as at the present time the burden of taxation did not fall upon those who should bear it. The Downer Government considered the question and came to the conclusion that it would be unwise to alter the incidence of taxation during the next three years. He would oppose the Premier's motion, but if a property tax were moved for now he would immediately go to his consti tuents, discuss the position with them, and come back prepared to vote on the question. He had no fear of what their views would be. Mr. McPH^RSON— Are you prepared to resign your seat ? Mr. HOMBURG— No. The question of taxation should not be made a party question. (Hear, hear.) In the matter of taxation mem bers should all do their best for the interests of the community, and a Government should not stand or fall on a vote on a question of taxa tion. There must be increased revenue. Members would not have the increased Cus toms duties proposed by the Downer Govern ment, and the present Government therefore had a right to ask for an increase of the present land and income tax. If they were to have an increased land tax he would prefer the proposal of the Government to the progressive scale wanted by Mr. Grainger. He might even support the latter's motion if he thought it would mean finality in the matter of taxa tion for some years at any rate. The proposals of the Government wero not, however, fair, and he would move an amendment for which the Labour party should vote. Mr. McPHERSON— You won't get it if we don't believe in it. Mr. HOMBURG said it was from their ticket, although he did not believe in all of it. As soon as Mr. Gramger's amendment was disposed of he would move to make the half penny increase apply all round. The CHAIRMAN— Mr. McPheraon has already notified thab he will move in thab direction. Mr. HOMBURG— So muoh the better. He would follow the hon. member. T&e; land under £5,000 was not of such moment as to induce him to favour progression. Mr. HANDYSIDE— If you put on a far thing you will get whab the Treasurer wants. Mr. POYNTON— Would you vote for a re mission of the Customs on necessaries ? Mr. HOMBURG would agree to ib if the Treasurer could spare the amounb. As to the absentee tax he was sorry Mr. McDonald was going t' support it. Ib was aimed ab the South Australian Company. He had no sympathy with that Company, and he wished the tax would induce them to sell their land to the farmers instead of keeping them as tenants. The tax would not affect the South Australian Company, but it would be shifted from the landlord to the tenant. Mr. BUTLER— So would the land tax. Mr. H 'MBURG recognised that it- would fall upon the tenant, but they could give it back to the tenant through the Customs. The South Australian Company did screw the tnnants. Some of them complained that the rent was too high ab 7s. or Ss. per acre, and the Company pub the land up to auction and got lls. per acre. Mr. BROOKER— Showa that people wanted the land. Mr. 'HO MBURG -The land was only worth what ib produced, and the cheaper the land the better for every on©. He would support the Government in getting ib out of the absentee if the Government initiated legisla tion by which the landlord would be prevented from putting the tax upon the tenant. He knew a system by which it could be done. That was by having a Board to fix the rents. It would be said that ib was interfering with the sacred rights of property. He did not think much of them, but they had to be just to both parties. He and the Treasurer bad tried to get the Company to give better terms to the tenants ; but in vain, and the day waa near when the landlord, who was no longer beneficial, should be got rid of. He was now in favour of the Tenants' Repurchase Bill. The tenants were saying, 'Don't put additional taxes upon the Company, or else they will tax us.' Dr. ,Cock bum's proposal meant an extra 2a. or Is. 'tid. per acre in some land in his district. If the Board were instituted he might support the absentee t&x.; He would vote for all the progressive income taxes. At 6.30 the House suspended its sitting for an hour. Mr. HOMBURG, on resuming, said in Continental countries the whole of the income tax was uson the progressive scale, but the exemptions were much lower than in South Australia. In Germany a person having £20 ?was liable to the in corns tax. If the Treasurer wished to raise ex era revenue the exemption might be made lower. Mr. ASH— Not with the Customs. Mr. HOMBURG— Yes. If the amount was capitalized £4,000 was exempt from the income tax. That was too large. He had an amendmenb, which ab the proper time he would move, so as to prevent & man's losses being brought into account To do so was a practice disallowed in New South Wales, Eng land, and Continental countries. Under the Act a man was allowed to deduct £200. If he had £10,000 invested in mortgages, and made a loss of £300, he would sbill have an income of £4S5 ; ye. he escaped the income tax because of the lo?o in capital. There was the possibility thab by euch a practice a man with a lob of capital would escape taxation altogether. Hon. members should have some knowledge of hovr the income tax was working, and he would move when the Bill was in Committee thaS greater control should be given to the Minister over the income tax. At present the Commissioner of Taxes and his assistants wera sworn to secrecy, but the House ought to obtain a reporc as* to the working of the income tax, and th»n ha thought many amendments could be made whereby the amount desired might be increased. The Attorney-General had said that when he was a member of the Playford Government he favoured an absentee tax. The proposal of the Playford Govern menB was to tax absentees' capital and not land, but ho was not strongly in favour of it. Mr. McPUERSON said the reason She tax was introduced xna to increase the revenue, and the scheme that was passed should be one tha: would give thera additional revenue and also bring about a better and easier mode of settling the people upon the land. It was argued by some that the land tax could not be pus on without destroying the agricultural in dustry. . He was surprised at some of tha statements made by the farmers' representa tives, and some of them would do moro to shake the confidence of the community than any statements of those who desired to see land reform. The proposal would not affect the small fanners, for there were comparatively few wlio held land valued over £5,000. Only £6, COO taxpayers paid a yearly tax of 3s. 9d. Mr. MOULE— Averages 'don't prove any thing. Mr. McPHERSON— They proved that few farmers held land valued over £5.000. There were only 670 in 1SS1. Mr. Gilbert considered thab the tax would destroy the yeomanry of j South Australia, bat an all-round increase in the land tax would bring them into existence. Mr. MOULE — Taxing people does not bring them into life. Mr. ARCHIBALD— It depends upon the way the tax is put on. Mr. McPHERSON— Certainly. He would move in favour of an all-round increase in the tax. Mr. SOLOMON— And the income also. Mr. McPHERSON would nob discuss the income tax. The hon. member wanted him to say that he only favoured a land tax. The all round increase was fair, and if passed would give the Government a reason for remitting the Customs. Mr. BLACKER— Ha '. ha ! I wonld like to see you on a section for twelve months. Mr. McP HERSON— Perhaps some of those off the land might do as well as Mr. Blacker. Mr. BLACKER— You try it. Mr. McPHERSOIn might if the Parliament gave him the opportunity. The farmers' re presentatives were not treating the farmers fairly, because they objected to an increase of the tax, forgetting that the Government would then remit the Customs. Mr. GILES— Put a tax on wealth. Mr. McPHERSON— And tax a farmer on his ploughshares, winnowers, and all that he had. Mr. HANDYSIDE— Let every one pay alike. Mr. McPHERSON— That hon. member ne» er recognised the primary and Beoondary principles. A property tax was a tax on industry. Tho large landholders would not pay it, but their tenants. That would be the case with the South Australian Company. Mr. HANDYSIDE— They hold compara tively little land. Mr. McPHERSON— £1,009,000 worth any how. If his arneudment was carried more people would be relieved through the Customs duties than appeared on the surface. On tea, coffee, cocoa, kerosine, and sugar the duties amounted to 5s. 7d. per head of the popula tion. Ib was incontrovertible that an increase in the land tax and a decrease of Customs duties would benefit the farmers. (No.) They would be better off than if they had to pay a wealth tax. (Hear, hear.) The amend ment he would propose would eive the Govern menb more revenue and enable them to take duties off the necessaries cf life. He moved to strike out of the first section of th» motion the words 'exceeding the amount of £5,000.' Mr. BUTLER contended thab those who from the early days had worked on the land for which they had oaid high prices wero entitled to some consideration, and should not be taxed. At present a man holding £5.000 worth of land would pay £1 ft Ss. -Id. Under the proposals of the Government a man with £10,000 woroh of land would pay £31 Us. If there was a mortgage of £7,000 he would still have to pay £31 5s., although he would really only have £3,000 worth belonging to him. Mr. McPhersou held out the hope thab if his amendment waa carried the duties would be taken off the necessaries of life. It was not likely thab thab would happen. More money was to be borrowed, and next year the Trea surer would have to meet an expeuditure of at least £()0.000 more bhan this year. A small farmer with 100 acre3 of land in his district and a family of six would by an increased land tax pay £3 10s a year, and if there were no duties on the necessaries of life lie would only have 30s. a year knocked off. Mr. WOOD— Ycu havn only reckoned the farmer himself. You must reckon 0O3. saved for each of his family. Mr. BUTLER said Mr. MoPher3on talked of a wealth tax being a tax on farm imple ments. Protectionist duties had to be paid to maintain working men in the city ab high W3ges. Before additional burdens were im posed on the people expenditure should be saved by the amalgamation of offices, doing away with some of the higher paid officers and in other ways. The Government had done something, bub they should do more. He believed in progressive taxation if there were only ono direct tax in force, bub in South Australia they were taxed on land and income besides by means of Customs duties. Now the Government proposed double pro grefesive taxation by taxing both land and income beyond certain amounts. Thab was not right. The Treasurer had thatdaydelivered a speech very different to his utterances of two yeare ago. Then the Treasurer said the progressive land tax violated the first canon of political economy, and he also spoke of the injustice of taxing a man on the land he nominally held instead of what really be longed to him. The Treasurer had wandered from the fold. He was surprised that the Government had made their proposals withoub any reference to some such scheme of utilization as mentioned by the Commissioner of Public Works when on the hustings. At the same time Mr. Holder agreed that some thing should be done with reference to mort gages. When on the hustings the Premier also said morteagea should be considered in connection with any scheme of pro gressive taxation, and yes the Govern ment had brought down theee proposals. A» to the absentee tax four- fifths of what the tenant made from the land went outside the colony to the landlord Company, who never paid Customs, income tax, stamp tax, or succpssion duties. He thought they should pay the stamp tax. The Government should endeavour to encourage the absentee Company to sell the land to the tenants. He supported the progressive income tax because the wealthy, however they made their wealth, should pay the tax, especially considering how much Customs the poor people paid. Mr. HCHERK had always favoured and still supported an all- round increase in the land tax. There was no soheme thab could not be evaded. As to the progressive land tax he had always said he could only aup-orb it if there was classification. A property tax would fall upon the consumers and upon those who could least afford to pay it. Mr. BUTLER-So would the land tax. Mr. SCHERK— Ib would not. Ho pro tested against the constant cry ot town versus country. The country would nob pay the increased land tax, bub the greater portion of ib would be paid by the city. He himself would bo affected, but would gladly pay the increased tax. He would lika to Eee the Customa duties removed not only from the necessaries of life, but also from those things which could not be manufactured here. They could not afford it with another hd. in the pound, but they could do it with !{d. in tha pound. He would support the absentee and income taxes. (Hear, hear.) Mr. C ALD WELL had always preferred the property tax. No honest man would seek to ev'ade a sound principle. He had been opposed to progressive taxation, bub reili/.ed that public opinion waa changing, and tbab principle would come in at no distant dato. They should try to reach finality, but in these troublesome times they should nub tinker with taxation, and he would have left it alone for another three years, so as to secure conSdence. Ib was questionable whether at the presenb time they should burst up large estates, although he liked to see people settled on the land— fairly widely settled rather than con gregated in the towns. Country people could not bear increased taxation ab the presenb time. What the Government proposed was class taxation. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS— Ts is nob. Mr. CALDWELL— Then it is aprogresaivo tax. Mr. ARCHIBALD— 16 is an economic tax. Mr. CALDWEIiL would not support the Government, bub he would deal with the amendments according to their merits. He read an extract from the American Bcvicw in which a Frenchman contended that the equalization laws passed in France at the time of the great Revolution had ultimately led to the impoverishment of the peasantry. In South Australia economy should be practised. Borrowing should be stopped. South Aus tralia now stood second amongst all the countries of the world for indebtedness par head of population. Mr. BATCHELOR— The money has nob been expended in exploding powder. Mr. CALDWELL— Unless something waa done the time would come when fresh taxation would be required to meet tho needs of the colony. Mr. HAGUE said it had been stated thab Adelaide paid half the land tax. Now. the land value of the city land wai £6, 503. (i 73, while that of the wbols colony was £.-1,000,000. Even the value of land in all the Corporations of the colony was only £10,505,003. If possible ha would like to bake the dnties off the necessaries of life, bub the Ios3 should not be made up by putting a tax on a section of the people — oa the landholders. There was not much land in South Australia which was not utilized, although there might be differences as to whether the beat use was made of it. The present bime was the most inopportune they could choose to increase the land tax, bub he would support the Government with regard to the income tax. Mr. ARCHIBALD thouehb the Govern ment should be complimented for an effort to deal with taxation on economic principles. The tendency of modern times was to have a fairer distribution of wealth. The proposals cf the Government were infinitely superior to the crowd of amendments proposed that after noon. They were nob proposed to benefit South Australia, but to kill the Government proposals. (Hear, hear.) They were told the farmers were in favour of a property tax. The farmers who knew anything about econo mic problems— and some of them had clearer notions on those questions than some of their members — were not in favour of a pro perty tax. (Hear, hear.) That was the tax of America, but Professor Bryce had shown 'hat- many form3 of wealth, such as bonds, shares, &c;, could ea?i!y evade taxation. Farmers wculd pay the property tax. while merchants wculd easily evada it. (Hear, hear.) He regretted that the Government could not support) an all-round increase. Land values had fallen on account of the low prices of produce. It was not legislation which had caused the fall. The metropolitan mem bers had been misrepresented in that respect. Mr. RIDDOCH belonged to an obnoxious clasa. (Hear, hear.) Most of the people he represented were farmers, and when he told them at election time thab he wonld oppose any sort of increased land tax they signified their approval. The increase of land taxabion would decrease values. He knew land for which he would have given £3 an acre sold for £2 because be could not see his way clear at the time when there was a possibility of a progressive tax being adopted to accumulate land. He opposed the absentee tax. which would do the colony harm abroad. Even now South Australia waa looked upon as the happy hunting-ground for faddists. (Hear, Irear.) Ib was a serious matter if tha land of the colony waa mortgaged to the extent of £20,000,000. With produce low, too, how could the land bear increased taxation? It was strange that people who had been forced to take land — as many of the early settlers had — shculd now be placed under additional taxation. Mr. E. W. HAWKER said from reading and personal ofaversation he had come to the con clusion thab the property tax was the moat equitable and satisfactory one, and it was the only one which would prevent the mortgagor having to pay. Moreover, it was the only one which would yield as much revenue as that proposed by the Government. He should nob be surprised to see the property tax reverted to in New Zealand, and in America he only heard one speak against it, and his objection arose out of the fa^t thab the assessor waa elective. It was continually asserted thab no money was spent on the big estates, bub he had gathered statistics which showed thab very large sums were spent principally in labour. On one estate in four years £33,614 had been spent, or an average of £8,411. He instanced others on which averages of £5,581. £7,775, and £5,557 had been spent. Mr. McPHERSON— I would like to know the name of the estates. (Hear, bear.) Mr. HAWKER would get permission from the own&rs; and give the hon. member the information. On the hustings he had stated that if the country waa in difficulties the wealthy people would have to come to the rescue, and for that reason he would support the Govern ment proposals, although if they bad been introduced to break up big estates he could not have done so. He would have liked to havo seen Mr. Boucaut'a taxation proposals carried. South Australia had less resources than any of the other Australian colonies, and therefore an absentee tax on income would nob be desirable. He would, however, support the suggestions of the Government in regard to absentees. (Cheera.) Mr. COCK thought the Government pro posals a very fair compromise. The property tax had nob been a success in New Zealand. Mr. GILES asked the Government to reporb progress. Mr. Archibald had said that tho e who had supported the amendments in regard to the mortgagors wer« trying to kill the Government proposals. He and other members had advocated tho exemption of mortgagors for years— (Hear, hear) — and such insinuations were unjust. He would not have Baid anything but for the way the Treasurer cheered Mr. Archibald's statement. (Hear, hear.) He wished to explain thab Mr. O'Loughlin was elected by townsfolk and farmers, while he waa chosen more particu larly by the farmers. Mr. O'LOUGHLIN was glad to hear the explanation. Ha had received an all-round support. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BLACKER was surprised ab Mr. McPherson'a statements. Thab gentleman evidently knew more about the condition of the farmers than the country members. Mr. Scherk had said thab the farmers would not mind paying a little more tax, but they were nob in the position to do so. Ib seemed, Lowever, with the colony in the present con dition money must bo raised, and he supposed ib would be necessary to put a little more tax ation on the land. He did nob like the Go vernment proposals at firstj but had eventually decided to support them. Mr. WOOD would support Mr. McPherson's amendment. As a farmers' friend he wanted to do the best he could for them. Mr. Giles regretted land values had gone down, yet he had assisted towards that end by going for the leasing of land at lower renta than ib had previously paid. Mr. Butler complained tbab the farmer had to pay protective duties on implements. Working uieu did not get all the benefib from protection. The farmers gob some in the shape of a stock tax nnd a tax on cheese. Who paid those duties? The working men. Farmers were better protected than tho working men. No doubt She prices of products were low, and he would like to see them higher; but the producers did not pay any higher taxes when produce fetched more. He knew a man who bought land for £40 who had given his children a college education, and now wanted £2,000 for his land. He (Mr. Wood) had worked as hard as that man, but he had not been able to accumulate as much. It waa not the so-called faddists who were likely to decrease the value of land, but those who raised such a cry about some of the proposals. No class of people had gob more from the Government than tho farmers. They would get scill more if they were taxed on laud values, which wonld be on tho producing capacity of their land. Mr. GRAINGER had heard some very odd arguments. Out of nothing a cry of town versus country had been raised. It was dis graceful. All should work for the good of the community. Mr. Giles had been unfairly accused of bringine forward his idea about mortgaged land. The Chairman would do well to confine the discussion to one amend ment at a time. The CHAIRMAN— The hon. member is out of order in reflecting on the conduct of the business by the Chair. Mr. GRAINGER— I dare say that is your opinion, bub ib is not mine, and if you don't undarstand what the rule* ? The CHAIRMAN— The hon. member has no right to address the Chair in that manner. The hon. member is not respectful to the Chair. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GRAINGER— I will withdraw any remarks you don'b like, bub your remarks to me were not altogether respectful. In the interests of debate and in the conduct of business ib is desirable thab we should discuss one amendment at a time. I don't impugn your honesty, but if the Chairman in Victoria were to allow debate on a question of thia sort and encourage it by his ruling, and got hia hair off when anybody obiected ? The CHAIRMAN— the hon. member has no righc to mako such a remark. Mr. GRAINGER (sarcastically)— Anything you obiecb bo I will withdraw. The CH AIRMAN— The hon. member must respectfully withdraw. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GRAINGER (niincingly)— Most re spectfully, too. The CHAIRMAN— The hon. member is not acting as ho should towards the Chair. (Hear, hear.) I think hia good sense should teach him better. Mr. GRAINGER — Moab respectfully. (Laughter.) Are you satisfied with that ? I am putting the case of another county, and I have a right to do so. You can appeai to the Speaker if you like, and if he ia against me I will take it to the Supreme Court. (Loud laughter.) If you rule me out of order I know what my course is. Ycu will drag this country and Parliament into an expensive law suit if you are nob care ful what you are doing. (Laughter.) The PREMIER— I rise to a point of order, and ask if the last remark is respectful. The CHAIRMAN— The hon. member is not treating the Chair respectfully. Mr. GRAINGER — I am not making any threat. I wish to establish a point which will lead to more intelligent discussion. I regret that the Chairman, for whom I have the highest regard, did nob agree with me, with all due deference to you, Sir. (Laughter.) I thinkit would be better, with all dupdeference to you. Sir — (laughter) — if we could limit this discussion, with all due deference to you, Sir. (Loud laughter.) Tho PREMIER— I ask if the continued repetition of the expression, ' with all due deference to you. Sir,' and the mode in which it is repeated, is respectful to you, and I ask you to take the necessary steps to enforce respect. (Hear, bear.) The CHAIRMAN— The hon. member is treating the Chair in a disrespectful manner. (Hear, hear. ) I ask the Committee to support the Chair. (Hear, hear.) Mr. GRAINGER— I know the law on the subjecb. It you object to the expression there is only one course for you to take. I am willing that you take euch steps aa you like. I have my remedy, and _ if I am wrong I get the worst of it, and if I am right I stand up for my right. The language I made use of is perfectly respectful — (No) — in spite of that challenger, that bearer of pistols thab won't go oil, the Attorney-GeneraL ' (Oh, oh.) He has interfered with me several times, though I have a right to say whab I like. He has tried to produce a difference between me and you. It is said — Those who are apt to interpose Are apt to get a blo«dy uoae. (Loud laughter.) Bub in Parliament th6y don't get anything of that kind. (Continued laughter.) The Attorney- General must put in bis oar. He cannot allow one of his Ministers to couduct a Bill. (Laughter.) It was for you. Sir, to call attention to any dis orderly conduct on my part, and nos for the Attorney-Gt-nera), who sits there and scowls with a murderous glare on hia face. (Laughter.) I want to establish the point that these amendments should be dealt with one at a time. I eu?geared it humbly and respectfully, though you did not take it in the spirit I meant it. I am extremely sorrv that I raised the ire of the Ministry and cot into a difference with the Chairman, though it- waa entirely unintentional. (Hear, hear.) I do not wish to dictate to you. Sir, as to the mode in »hich you should conduct the business, and I merely made the suggestion, and directly I did eo it was like ' putting a certain chemical in water — it went nz;:, splash. (Laugh tet.) I regret that I canno: get a majority for the progressive land tax. Mr. BARTLETT saw little sen?e in Mr. Grainger's remark'. (Laughter.) That hon. member posed as the poor man's friend, but there could be no doubt, judging by his amend ment, that he was befriending the rich man. After the way the Premier had spoken at the Eight hours Demonstration he was disap pointed at the taxation scheme the Govern ment evolved. He would like to see the big estates put to a proper use. The South Aus tralian 'Company had raised a very good tenantry, and he would not object if Dr. Browne, Messrs. Angas and Riddoch, and others did the same. The proper way to tax these monopolists was on the " horseshoe' principle of geometrical increase. Mr. BROOKER moved— 'That the Com mittee do now divide.' Carried. Mr. Grainger'a amendment for a progres sive land tax waa put in the form that the words 'one halfpenny for every pound' be struck out. Negatived on tho following division : — Ayes, 11— Messrs. Bntler and Caldweli. Sir John Downer, Messrs. Gilbert, liumlyside, 3] cLachlan, Moule, Eidd-jcb, bhort, White, and Grainger (teller). Noes, 20— Messrs. Archibald, Ash, Hartlett, Batchelur, Blacker. Brooker. Cock, Cockburn, Coneybeer, GiJlen, Hasae, K. \V. Ilawker, Holder, Homburg. Houriyan, .lenkins, Kingston, Landseer, SlacGilhvray, M-:Pherson, 0'Lor.Klilin. Poyliton, Price. Solomon, Wcoil, ami Playford (teller). Majority of lj for the Nues. Pair.— No— Mr. Houper. Aye— Mr. McDonald. Mr. Jklcl'herson's amendment for an all round land tax was then taken into considera tion. Mr. ASH could nob supporb an all-round increase unless ha was assured that it would be followed by a remission of Customs duties. The latter should be achieved first. To do one withoub the other would only increase the burdens of the farmers. Ho would like to know what tho Government were going to do in the matter. The TREASURER— The Government will nv+ke no promise. Mr. GRAINGER said he waa returned nob to tax tho farmers any more. They could not stand it. If Mr. McPhersou knew the extreme distress, almost poverty, of some farmers he would not advocate the all-round land tax. Many of them were noc as well off as working men in Adelaide, and would gladly exchange, if they could, their positions. They were op pressed with debt, and had to come almost as beggars to the Commissioner of Crown Landa, asking for time to pay up. It would be cruelty to further tax them. They could not possibly pay any more money. Mr. CaLDWELL considered that Mr. Grainger had laid struggling farmers under an obliuation for stating their case so well. Mr. McPHERSON had moved hia amend ment in good faith. If it were carried the Government wouid have more revenue than they required ; yet they wonld not give a guarantee that they would devote some of it to a remission of the Customs duties. Mr. WHITE— You have not a ghost of a show of carrying your motion. Mr. McPHERSON only asked a fair thing. Mr. JOHNSON— You know very well Customs duties cannot be taken off. Mr. MoPHERSON thougha the Govern ment should say whab they would do with the surplus revenue they would get if his motion was carried. Mr. COCK moved — ' That the Committee do now divide. ' Negatived. Mr. JOHNSON gave Mr. McPherson credit for more intelligence than thinking that the Government would make both ends meet even if his amendment was carried. Mr. McPhereon knew they could nob remit Customs duties, but would rather have to find fresh sources of revenue. Tha land would nob bear more taxa tion. The produce of the counbry was not paying for the debt of the colony. Why should the 40,000 people who had land support the 40,000 who had none? Mr. McPHERSON'S amendmenb was put in the form thab the words ' exceeding the amount of £5,000' be struck out. Negatived on the following division : — Noes, -J6 — Messrs. Ash. Eartlett, Blacker, Butler, Caldwell. Cock. Cockburn, Sir John Downer, Messrs. Gilbert, Gillen, Grainger, Hague, Ilanrtysiue, E. W. Hawker, Holder, Jenkins. Kingston, L'mdseer, Moule, O'Loughlin, Pojnton, Kiddoch, Short, Solomon, White, and Plavford (teller). AYES, S. — Messrs. Archibald, jJatchelor, Coney beer, Hourigan, MacGUlivray, Price, Wood, and MePherson (teller). Majority of IS for the Noes. Paiiis.— Noes-Mtssrs. Homliurg, Scherk, Kan ilell, and Brooker. Ayes— Messrs McDonald, John son, Hooper, and Giles. Mr. ASH asked if tha Government could give them some idea as to when the debata would be relinquished. (Hear, hear.) The TREASURER had asked the House to sit in order thab he could introduce the Bill. Mr. MOULE — You cannob introduce ib this evening. The report will have to be adopted. Mr. HOMBURG waa surprised ab the Government. There had been no obstruction, and hon. members should bo given a chance to geb their trains. Mr. ARCHIBALD— We've lost our train and have to stop here all night. Mr. McGILLIVRAY and others— ' Hear, hear.' Sir JOHN DOWNER said the Premier had stated that the House should sib late thab night as a sort of threat. The TRE ASURER— Nothing of the sorb. The PREMIER— Certainly nob. Sir JOHN DOWNER had endeavoured to treat the Government; with scrupulous gene rosity — generosity which was nob returned. (Cheers.) The important taxation proposals of the Government had only come before them on Tuesday. The TREASURER— Ib waa a parb of the Government policy. Sir JOHN DOWNER said all tho session had been occupied in the discussion of busi ness which was immaterial. (Hear; hear.) He did not blame the Government, and would nob have blamed them if th«y delayed longer, but surely they should nob ask the House to sit all night to geb a matter of this sort through, a matter which needed the most careful con sideration. The PREMIER— You had a good eay on ib. Sir JOHN DOWNER said is was the only time he had troubled the House. No Govern ment which had come into office bad been treated so generously by those whom they had ejected from office than the present. (Hear, hear.) The PREMIER— What, still harping on that? Sir JOHN DOWNER again objected to the Government's proposal to sib all night. It was hardly fair to hon. members, who had given them very fair treatment. Mr. GRAlNGhR eaid the debate had lasted longer than was expected, and tho Govern ment could nos introduce the Bill that even ing, so that he hoped progress would be reported. 4 Mr. MOULE said the Government would nob save time going on. He moved to add to section I — Where the land ia mortgaged the mortgagee sliaTl be chargeable with the land tax on the amount of the mortgage. With respect to the lands held under right-of-pun-hase le^so from the Crown the taxable amount shall be the amount which has been paid by the lessee on account of such purchase. Sir JOHN DOWNER asked members whether the Government were reasonable. Members, of course, bad to do their duty, and they should do it intelligently, which they could not do as wsll at that hour of the inora ing as earlier in the day. The action of the Government waa unprecedented. (Hear, hear.) It was only the Premier who said — 'By Heaven I will, because I will,' and wanted to carry out his inflexible will. (Hear, hear.) The Premier would have been the firdb to object to any other Government forcing a division on the first day of the consideration of a question. Mr. PRICE asked if they were to come another day and have the same discussion again. There was too much 'yabber' in the House. Wnen he came to the House he w&s; told' to hold his jaw. and he had done so. ( Laughter, and Oh.) They had talked all day. Now let a division be taken. Mr. HAGUE thouKhtsuch an important question should be dealt with in a whole House. Some members had wasted time, but others should not suffer. Mr. ASH said the Premier and his col leagues, who were experts in stonewalling — (laughter)— could not say there had bean Btone walling. Their action was calculated to oause stonewalling. Mr. GRAINGER wanted to see money lent on mortgage in email sums, therefore in New Zealand mortgages of under £500 were exempted. The PREMIER said the Government had no wish to punish the House. They recog nised that with a few exceptions the House bad intelligently ocoupied the time discussing the question. The experience of the night wonld justify the Government in asking the House io sit in the best part of the day— in the mornings. Mr. ASH — When will you receive deputa tions ? (Laughter ) The PREMIER — On Mondays and Fridays. The House was determined to pro ceed with business. The reputation of the House and the Government was ab stake. Some members wanted to obstruct. Mr. JOHNSON— They have learned of you. Mr. JENKINS— And have passed their in asters. The PREMIER— The beet part of tho day should be given to the discussion of publio business. (Hear, hear.) The time had passed when only leisure waa civen to legislation. Recognising the reasonable treatment accorded by the Committee the Government proposed to ask the Committee to pass the first resolu tion and the one with reference to the absentee tax. That was a reasonable compromise. Mr. JOHNSON had never practised Etone walling, but he was going to begin now. He believed tho Premier's colleagues would give way, but the Premier wanted to b» the b« all and end all of the Government. (Hear, hear.) The reason a vote was not taken was that twenty members were away. The TREASURER — They went away believing that the vote would be taken out Mr. POYNTON— T&ey; have ail loft pai'rs. Mr. JOHNSON— No, they had not. It would be a mistake to pass the amendment, aa the mortgagee would put the tax on to the mortgagor by increasing the rato of interest. It would not help the farmers. Tho amendmenb waa negatived. The first section was carried on the follow ing division : — Ayes, 22— Messrs. Archibald, AeIi, Bartlett, Batchelor, Cock, Cockburn, Coneybeer, Gillen, Grainger, K. W. Hawker, Holder. Uourigan, Jenkiui, Kingston, Landseer, MacGUlivray, McPlierson, Ol-oaghlin, Pojnton, Price, Wood, ami Playford (teller). -i'gks, 10-Mesirs. Butler, Gilbert, Hague, Handy- side, HoiubnrK, Moule, Hiddoch, Short, and White, and .Sir John Downer (teller). Msjority of 12 for the Aves. 1'AiiiS.— Ayea— Messrs. ilooper, Scherk, Blacker, Keily, Brooder, G. C. lianker, and McDonald. Noes— Messiy. Solomon, Johnson, Iiandell, Giles, McLaclilan, Caldwell, and 11. E. Downer. Mr. GILBERT considered ib would be unwise to impose the proposals of the Government for absentee taxation Mr. ASH thought the absentee taxation of the Government » ould be impolitic. Suction 2 was carried. Progress reported ; Committee sit agais Tuesday. BUTTER BONUS BILL. Received from the Legislative Council with oub amendment. PAPERS. ' Final reporb of the Koyal Commission on Stores; receipts and expenditure of the Botanic Gardens, 1892-3 ; amount* expended and interest derived from expenditure in districts . under the Waterworks and Water Conservation Acts. ADJOURNMENT. At 12.44 a.m. on Friday the House adjourned till Tuesday ab 2 p.m. 