THE STORY OF or ANDREW FAIRFAX, (BY JOSEPH •OCKING.) BOOK I. FavnIao HIs Womc. CHOKAPTERI VII.-fConeinued.) Everything was great, imposing here. The broad flight of steps, the groat doors, thile stately calrvngs, the lofty towers, all impressed him with the majesty of the .miind that con ceived it all. This was Christopher *Wren's message to his age, and he had given it grandly. True, the stone walls might crumble amay, .and in time the building woild fall, but the idea of the great cathedral would live on. Into Oheapsido went the 'bus, and still the same crowd. On to the great civic buildings, the Exchange, the Bank, and still Andrew watched, and thought, and drew conclusions, and for the first time lio was glad that he no longer lived in the luxury of a rich man's hIouse. -At last he realised that hlie had been led to thinkl, and to see what he had never seen before. As the friend of the wealthy, he would, perhaps, never have taken the trouble to think; now he felt he must,-his environments had altered his life. - He did not remain at Liverpool street station; indeed, without scarcely waiting a second, he walked back to wards his lodgings. When nearly arrived there, he realised that he was hungry, and that many hours had passed since he had partaken of food. So he went into a little coffee-house, where he partook of a cheap meal, after whic he went back to his den, and sat for a long time almost as still as a statue. He looked at lhis watch: He had not been obliged to part with it yet, and he was glad, for it had been given to him by the only father he had ever known. It was half-past 8 o'clock, but it was a summer ovening, and quito light. Putting on his hat again, he found his way to the little hotel at which he had stayed when he first left his old home. TWas Mr. Finns at home ? Yes. Mr. Pinns was in the coffee room alone. Andrew found his way there; he had not seen the room since he ceased to become an inmato of the. hotel. Whenever he had seen the little editor it had been in the dingy office, who while there had magnified his position and had treated Andrew as one of the staff, although there had been oft times an evident dLesire to brehak down his editonial reserve and to become familiar. ..Ah, Fairfax," he said, as Andrew. entered, ' notlting: wroig,, is, tlihi'e-- hum ?' 'I don't know, replied Andrew.; 'but I must talk to sqme end, and I have come to you.': : * 'What do you want ?' 'Advice.' Ezra FPinns gave expression to one of his peculiar chuckles, and his editorial dignity broke down. 'Advice, eh ?' he said. ' Who listens to advice? Nobody. You will follow your own ways whateveradvice I may give. ' I want to write,' said Andrew ;,: 'I cannot waste my tile' as I have been doing, and yet I don't iknow which way to turn.' 'VWhy, aren't you writ-ig now ?'.: 'Not as I wish.: I slimply scribble, -I don'~ write 'TI: say nothing orth saying. : : ''Well, whose fault is that'?'. ' My own, I /suppose'. Perhapis :I. have nothing to say, and3yetf Ifeel so mulch.' 'W ell, say yrour felinigs.. 'I can't. They will not fori? theni-: selves into words. I think !I want: a cause to advdocate;. I want to %voice some great need;,. .,' :.. ' Why don't you ? There are needs. enough, God knows. ' What are they.?':i' :: Ezra Finns jumps to his feet, and straddled up to Andrew. : .:,.. ' You an autlior' and talk like that? Sticking to yourreport, my lad ; don't touch sacred things: wIith -unclean hands!' 'You mistake me,' .said Andleu. 'There are so many things which want doing that I can't think enoughl about one. Everything is so big hath I fail to grasp.' Ezra Pinns looked at him steadily, and silently meoasured iis man. Certainly thero was nothing small, nothing weak about him. Both body. and head wereoo perfectly shalped, and fully developed. Besides, there was nervous springiness of action, which indicated a wondrous vitalit3. ' What have you beeon doing lately ? he asked at length. 'Besides what you havoe. knowni about; I hiveo wiit?iten a: novel'. ' Alh, taken it to a piublisheor '::: 'Soveral.' ' Woll?' ' Reofused in eryl case?.. ' Just so--vel ; il kely. . hat was the s.subject' ' I wroto about;that of whliolicI knie something.' - ' What ?' , Wo, ?.d~ o.' " ., :"::: ::;·.:!?i ' West Enid life.' ' But what phaso of it?' 'Their life generally. Their polij tics, cuetoms,.intriguos, and -' 'Anid of course the earl marricd.the virtuous youngest daughter, and all that kind of rubbislh. Look here did you express tihe deepest foelings of your heart in writing it?' -'No,' roplioed tihe young man, hang ing histond.?? ' Hoow'hon could you expect it to be' accepted ? Young fellow, .I know vory little of West'End lifo, buit :the peopleo there have their feelings, their . ' ·' ? .''". :" "' :( :'?: '' '" " unutterable longings for higher things than those which engross them. Did you try and express that deeooper lifo ?' Androw shook his head.' SNo wonder you fAiled, then. You write a society novel! It's not in you. Youwouldfeelitwaste of time to.try and describe what takes ini a'society novel, and I don't thlink you are able as yet to take in hand the moroe serious work. Besides, publishers are sick of novels of high life. They have been streaming in by the thousand. Every conceited fop and sickly girl think of writing a story of ligh life, who. all indulge in the same foolish absurdities.' ' But I must write about somnething that I. am acquainted with!' 'Yes, and you must be in sympathy with your subject. Your characters must possess you. They must live in you, and you in them--their woes yours, their desires yours, their wants yours.' Ezra'Pinns spoke with an earnest ness that almost amounted to passion, and Andrew was astonished at his in tense feeling. 'Publishers are tired of hacklieoyed t~hemes,' went on Mr. Pinus, :' simply because the people are tie~d Not that some themes can be hdtkneyed-. still, even they waiit new settinlgs. The struggless of the human heart and, God knows, the. human heart is a curious affair-are ever of interest, but different phases of life require different interpretation. Hnave you thought of any other sides of London lifo besides that which you have--have-attempted to deal with bhh-in your-your-bah- novel ?' 'I've tried to think, but I cannot. London is too big for me. This aflter noon I rode from Victoria to Liverpool street. The life simply stunned me. I could understand nothing. So much seemed to want saying, but I did not know what to say. I kow tha4 there is a great message to tell out about the commerciallife,-indeed, the whole of this'? great city life,-but I felt it was not for me !' 'Not yet, perhaps, but-well, is that ill ?' 'No, it's not all. Some time ago I went down to the East End. I sperit a day there. I came home feeling sick. It crushed me; I was miserable for days,.but'I felt I could say nothing. It is a great cesspool, but I could not tell how. to clean it.' 'But you wanted to ?' '~Wanted to? I-I longed to be able'to interpret their hearts' yearn ings and to tell how the day might dawn, but I was in the daik-all. in the dark.' 'AAud do you think, you fool, that you. could see enough in a day, in a week, in a month, in a year to know their needs ? 'The prophet who is to redeem the East Endmust live among t~hem, beoas they are, share their bur dens; live under their conditions, see them in every phase of their life. I may be wrong, but I think their pro phet will have to come out of the East :End.% Their own product and yetpure in: spite' of everything. No doubt 3esanut made a sensation with his " All Sorts and Conditions of Men"; nio . doubt he is a close observer, and possesses genius. But he only touched theo fringe of his subject. There. is misery which he. never even hinted at, heroism of which he didn't seem to dream, pathos too deep for langiage, poetry sublime. Man, the East End is a world by itself. I don't say to you, never tackle the East End, but~ you:. want a lot of preparation before you miust dare to do it.' '.I feel it; but what would you have nie do?!' ,'Do you still feel that you must write ? Musr ! mark you!' :'£es,' -said Andrew, 'I must. Every day I seem to hear someone tolling me to write something real. I ask what, and the only reply I got is, find out. I have tried to give up the idea of becoming an author. I have thought of emigrating, of going to sea, of becoming a soldier. I have no doubt I could soon pass the examina tion necessary for a commission.either in tlhe armiy or navy.. But I couldn't do it. And so, though I have hated it, I have written for your paper, and written for that "penny dreadful" series, always trying, however, to get something better. . All the time I've been unsuccessful, and yet I feel I must go on." Ezra .Pinns gave a grunt of satisfaction. *.': Leave London,' he said. 'Leave London! Where would you havenmego?' ' Your father was a farmer, wasn't hoe ?' , . 'Yes.' 'Ha e you never had any desire to go t~o the old honme? Eh! Look here. Who keeps the towns alive? The. village people- the country p~6iple. But for them the towns would die out. The excesses of tlhe towins .would eat out the vitality. The constant stream from tihe country keeps us alive. They foeed us, they bring to us the strength of natural life. And yet the country is neglected!' Andrew gave a great leap from the chair, his eyes flashing. ': I ]know i I've seen ! ' he cried. ', What do you mean ?' :' I'ye got what I want at last. It's all lenr now.' . ';:iWhiat will. you 'do?'. said ,Mr. Piins: eagerly. i'iiiI'll:go downm to my old home;' I'll tr3 and get work on my father's old farm 11;:I'll -live among the country people, share thlleir toil, enter into their life, and then-God helping me, I'll :tellltheir story !' Ezra 'Pinns jumped to his feet, and a look of gladness came into his eyes. ' Right, right,' he said, 'and if you are not a fool after all, you will be a novelist, and by a novblist I mean, and, mark you, I would have all others driven from thle field of fiction -by a novelist I mean a poet, a preacher, a leader of the people, a p'iophet, a man inspired of God!' - Andrcew thought of the distant voices which he hlad heard, of the hands held up as if appealingforhelp, and the faces which expressed unutter able longing, and'his heart fluttered strangely. ' Fairfax,' continued ,the little man, and there was tenderness in his voice, 'I kneow what you wanted to do, and what you ought to do a long time ago. At least, I thought I did. It sti'uck me the first time I ever spoke to you, and so Ih ]ave-ac?t?d-as-as Ihave. I tried to lead you to despise literature-and mark you, a lot of liferature should be despised. It is more-well never mind. I could have done differently for you, but I wanted to-to-see of what stuff you were made. I knew that if you could stand the work to which I introduced you, you must really love writing; if you didn't, well, it didn't matter. Be sides, I knew you sadly wanted prac tical knowledge,--a knowledge which the last nine months have give you. You are ready to go out into the country to learn; but it must be a long time before you write.' S' Yes, yes, I know ' said Andrew. Cllow will you live in the country ?' 'By working.'. 'With:fyour head or.body ?' 'Both.r M1r.. Pinns gave a grunt of satisfac tion. * When d& you go ?' he asked. 'To-morrow.' BOOK: II. PiEPmRmIo FoR His WoRc. ' OCHAPTER VIII. '€?FAR FRiOM TlJ sMADDINO CRowD.' 'Dear lovely bowers of innocence and ease, Seats of my youth, when every sport could please ! How often have I loitered o'er thy green, Where hiunble happiness endeared each scene! How often have I paused on every charm The sheltered cot, the cultivated farm, Tha never-failing brook, the busy mill, The decent church that topped the neigh b'ring hill; The hawthorn bush, with seats beneath the shade, i'or talking age, and'whisp'ringlovers made.' \--.~IVR GOLDSRTII. SThe next day Andrew found his way to Mr. Adolphus Vellum. 'I am come to tell you that I shall not be able to write any more for you,' he said. 'WVhyr what's the row now ?' asked Mr. Vellium. 'There is no row,"'replied Andrew. ' I have simply come to tell you that I must cease to be one of your contri butors.' Mr. Vellum turned' his chair round. 'I know what it is,'he said. ' You think you are underpaid; so you are. I was saying to myself last night, says I, "Young Faii'fax's ability has not been recognised: Fourpence a page is not enough for him." I'll put on another penny. Andrew could scarcely .keep from laughing. 'I believe in paying men,' con tinued Mr. Vellum, 'and although a penny a page'll make a difference to the profits, I'll do it. I want to re cognise your ability, Fairfax. A penny a page'll mean eighteenpence a day to you, nine shillings a week, or, if you work on Sundays, ten and six pence.' 'I assure you that has no weight withl me whatever,r said Andrew; Smy mind is-' 'Come, now, I'll put on another ha'p'ny. I've never done it before for so young a hand; but you've got promise, and I want to bring you out. There's no reason but what---if you'II stick to me, of course-you may become as popular as even the author of "The Battle withl a Ghost." Of course you must not expect it all at once, but it'll come. I'll be the making of you, I will, and'-here Mr. Vollum became confidential-' I'm thinking of start ing a new firm of publishers, and you might,-I don't say you will, because such a thing only happens to tlhe few, -but I might make you an editor in time, and thlion you'll have an office of your own, like me,' and he swelled with the dignity of his office and the greatness of his offer. 'No,' said Andrew; 'my mind is made up.' 'Then you've beeoon bought up,' cried Mr. Vellum. 'I've brought you out, and now the editor of a tuppeny, or threpeny whlo can afford it have seen your stuff, and have bought you over. It's a mean, dirty shame. Where would you have bin, but for me? 'Who know'd you? Nobody but Pinns. And now when' you are gettin' useful, you throw up the sponge, and coolly walk away. It's a hard blow. I've a good mind never to bring another man out. It gives no encouragement to a man of leotters like me to encourage such tyros as you. Come, now, what do you want ? How much do you want me to give?' 'You quite mistake me,' said Androew; 'I am not going to write for another editor, at any rate, for a long time. I'm leaving London.' 'Loavin' London!' Mr. Vellum ;genorally got wrong in his pronuncia tion whoen he became excited. 'Leav in' London! Why you niustbe mad! Just as your career was openin' up. Just when I could do something for you. Why, man, in time you could make as much as three pound ten a weoek, and be as widoly knbfown as Deadwood Dick.' 'Nevertheless, I am going to leave London.' ' Where are you going.' 'Into the country.' ' But not for long ?' ' For a year at least.' Mr. Vellum looked at him steadily, as though he doubted his senses. (To 'e continued.) 