-. A GHOST HOAX. \- One of those oases which sceptical \ minded persons at once pronounce delusion or imposture is repotted from Maclean. The widow of a man who was drowned five or six months ago was living in a house which her husband had owned. From a week or two after his death, stones and other missiles used to be nightly hurled on the roof. One night the verandah screen was s°t on fire. Watches' were set of police and civilians, but for anything they could discover to the con- trary, these things were done by in- visible hands. The upshot of it was that the woman who was the victim of this extraordinary persecution went mad, and was sent to the Grafton Gaol for medical treatment. A reward of £10 has been offered for thé convic- tion of the unknown offenders. Bnt so far not the slightest clue has been found. Here in- deed is the material for a supernatural story of the moBt thrilling kind. It was probably from much slighter hints that the late Mr. Le Fanu put together most of those uncanny but strangely fascinating tales to which he gave the very suggestive title of " In a Glass Darkly," and which are among the very best ghost stories ever wiitten. In talking of stories one is reminded, too, that in Sir Walter Scott's "Woodstock," or at least in the introduction and notes to that novel, there are some very curious accounts of phenomena witnessed in an English Manor House in the middle of the 17th century, and not very dissimilar to those which are believed to have brought about insanity in the case of the unfortunate woman at Maclean. To confine oneself, however, to the ! strictly common sense side of this matter, and leave other speculations to those interesting persons who profess to commune directly with the spirit world. It is of course very likely that the etone throwing, &c.;, was the work of some stupid, but at the same time most cruel, practical joker-or of more than one such. It is quite conceivable that such persons might, despite as strict watch, manage to escape observation. There is another theory which may be worth considering-that is, that the woman" herself was the agent. The insanity which she has now developed seems to have been preceded by the symptoms common in ncipient stages bf that affliction. She is said to Have appeared queer. For her to have done all those things whioh have excited so much surprise would certainly have been no more than, a fit approaching madness might easily ac- count for. 