JtaHi UPCRFT'S CRIMPE, A SIARSIILAND RIOMANCE. Ic TIIoaus ST E. I.Ier. CHIIAPTERII .-CoCrsNEED. It was their custom to take supper in the kitehen. There was no helpfor it: her father came and took his seat at the table, a?n: for once his egotism did good service. lie never glanced up from his plate to staul his daughter's face. Had he done so, her look must have rouased his aspicions. She made a great pretence of eating, but ntot one morsel passcd her lips. She was thinking-thinkin, -until she cr l hardly refrain from blurting out the whlen truth. how Upcraft must he coffering, exposed as Ihe was to the damp, chilly night: The very sight of the kitchenr ti:e was a to:ture to lcer while Ies was debarred from sharing its warmth and brightness witll ha:. If her i.:t!:sr had actually known that TIpcrafe was shiveringc in the colh outside-if lhe had tla:nev planned to incrrease Jessie's naony '-he eornl hnfily Ihavo bhlaved with grocter cImning: Eo St least it seemed to hcr. lie always wao a slow eater, anld des appetite ae dorn failed him. fBut to-night- as it appoired t s Jsa,-he ate at a snail's pace and with the app:etito of a hungryhuotsaman : And thea-whoa he at last pct down his knife and dfgk-he irenw h:s chair towards the kitchen oea and hegar slowly to Lill his piupe. Surrev a:re misehirvoca. demon had wlhispelre. the a?gcestio int) hies ear to settle himself here i?nstead of reeir;ncg into his own sanctumas it was such an Iut?nrslsI action on Iis part. W'as ic bec?ase athe had made the kitchen fErso o :sight! It was with no thouaght of his, but of .r.other to-nithLt, that less had stirred it into so cheeriul a bl,ze. Mr fliryet., whiie still occupied in lod3ing his y?p.e, lok I rasel:Ld abruptly at Jess, and said : "mWlt-"-wh: t has i'pcraft got to say for his' Self!" Tess calght her breath, as if she had racdived a s:ta.. lier face had betrayed her, she ttought. lier father had guessed what had happened. Shel couhl not speak: she could only stare at him in blank nmaeement. " What's lam;as nowt-Keep your eaye to ycurs·lf :" cried Mr Bryce angrily. "Iiavsn't y:u read the man's letter yet"' "Jnim's let:tr" I-- No, fater: not yol. " M'ae tipa-lights of 'ern! That's tLe best tL.i you can do.-Come!" said lie, ip itin to his ci erechanut : don't you see I'sm waiting far a tihti" Sha struck a match and handed it to him withlout a word. And now, as it still seemed to .Tess. her father a:eoked withi more deliberation than he had even exhibited when plying his knife and i6fik. Hie smoked, and fetl into meditation, and knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and smoked azain, until her power of endurance was nearly .renot. The clouds of tobacco-smoke that tiagored over his head interminably contained thevery essence of his tantnlisingcmood. Having at last finished his pipe, Mr Brrce ~egan to show signs of drowsiness. Ile had a habit at times of falling asleep over the fire ofter his ecening smoke. This prospect was more than the girl canli bear. She began to make agreat clatterwith the supper plates, as she washed and stood them up in the rack. This goi-e had the desired effect; for her father presentlyrose from the chair and, grufly bid sting her "good night," betook himself to bed. I Jess only taited to hear him close his door: in another minuto she was at Upcraft's side. '"D ul you think I had forgotton you. dearn You must be half dead with cold." She led the way into the house. W hen Uccraft had washed tie mud from his hands and ace--had exchanged his prison gar ments for a discarded suit of her father's-and had eaten and drunk of the best that Jessie cculd provide, he finally rose from his chair beside the tire and held out both his hands. "Good-bye, Jess-good-bye !" She looked up entreatingly'. He was a hand some young fellow, with dark resolute eyes. Ha spoke with an earnest, appealing ring in Sh voice. "Jess ifI don't got clear of this neichbor h-cd before daybreak, I shall be taken. Think what that means ' A look of aguihh crossed her face. "You shall have tidings of me-I premise that," he went on.-"Don't be down-hearted. Je?se. What is my trouble new-now that I knoa that you never thought me guiltyt I bad begun to despair-to lose all courage when no consoling word came from you. But I have somcl:hing to live for now !" Jess coul.l not speak; she could only cling ti him in her grief at the thought of parling. She realised what it meant-or at least what she dreaded what itmust mean. She mightget tidings of him, though she csreelv kne how. Eat to night they had met for Ike last time lir brain reeled at the thought. She sat shivering before the dead kitchen fire, hali daz,d, un!il the cold gray dawn was look. isg.in. She stared about hea, and eradually t;e whole scene of the night that was passed rushed vividly back into her memory. She went to the window, and, drawing aside the Crtain, peered eagerly out. JeS.. va-cr? asa CIInAPTER III.--TIDIC s. Threeayears wentbv. It was winteragain. The asarchlands lay baneath a thick coatinge n+ya; rime; and the oniy'signs of life were the guile caming in from the sea with their plaintive cry ifr food andslhelter. It was holid:ay-time. Jeas was still a teacher a. the village school. Dut she no longer felt ready to dance home along her path; for the promise of tidings which Uperaft had given her had never come. The girl had lost all hope. And yet she went about her duties cheerfully: the old routin, of villagelife continol to run ita uneventful course; end it wasseldom that asyone-u lessitwere her little friend Jim- delcoted a line of care npon her face. One dismal afternoon--ess having gone to alend the day with friends at Thurrock fIsh Itra Gilkes sat Warmnggherselfover the kitchen fire, Mr Bryce was having his after.dinner nap, the only time when the woman ot any rest at the eollage. Jim knelt upon tu hearth. rug at his mother's side, rubbing his fat hands together, just as no knelt and warmed them uron the night of his expedition with Jess acrose the marshlands three years ago. Suddenly he touched his mother's arm. "There's the yig ain n !ai d he, his small keen eyes glittering with excilement. "Don't van hear it, motlheri' " ever mind the firing, Jim; "et to work:" acid Mrs iilkes. "It makes me downright quetr to look at you when the convilCs is abroad. It's high imeiyou was a-groving out of in, and no you' begn to earn our Own Ieringf too."r .Tim was on the point of replying, and not Withoat impudence, to judge from his look, when there ca me laou knock at the frol t door. fe hurried down the passge to answer it. I tfue doorstep, under the porch, stood a tfll man ia a great for coat. TLero was just enough ls .iht left the gatherin mist to see his face. Jim stared at hie for a moment, and then gasped, as though he had received an anespected blow in the back. Is Miss Bryce at home." S".o, air."' "r Bryce". "Yes; he its. What--whatname ', Tell him," sail :the visitor, "that a gentle. man has called to see him." Jim rapped at the stuldy door, and receiving an order to 4 c:me in," instantly obeyed. "What's it all aboo?t" Mr Bryce sat upright in his armchair and looked sternly aver hl shoulder at the boy. Jim delivered his musre,e "Whyl don't you show him inl" said Mr It:yee. "I'm a-doinr of it, ain't I'" And Jim ecened the study door to its full extent. The visitor stepped in. Having closed the a d-or behind him with a jerk, Jim groped his way hack to the kitchen as though he had been struck bhind. l"Bless the ?-o." cried MIra Gilkes, catchin, her son by the sholdershe leaned ai the wall, how palg te iL:" "No I ai't: i " "Ton are, im. aYour as pale as If you'd is see'd a ghost! It's all alooger the liring. ai You're It'worritin. eocr head again about teem conwicts,'" said MIrs Gilses. "It ain't w n: good a-contradictirg me." n0 Jim made no farther attempt at contradi.. al tion. He throatr his hands into his trousers • packets and stared wonderingly at the fire. Ileanwhile 3r Brrce, who had beoen startled i not of his nap, :cold make nothing of the d' visitor in the uncer'.ain light of the fternoon. A rWhat do y?Sa want with mae" said he gruffly. rt "Nothing. I've caine," wa the reply, r to ace your daughter." t The man's voice, and the dim autline of his w face and figure 13 ie stood betweeni him au.d .' thelight, brought a sadden look of hatred and i indignation. '. Upcrait! Why, you are surely d I'm perfectly anes.-Are you enpecling her /Is hame?" h .Ur Dryce got on from his chair and stood s upon the hearthrug with his hack to the fire. ] "I am expecting her home. But you had g better not wait," saii he, in a Significant tone. " "If you were a millionaire, and without it reproach, you could neat marry her now. You ae saupplanted-forgottcn . Do you know Colonel Woodward" He lives at Thurrock sl Hall. That's the mean she's going to marrSy. d Do yodoubt me ? Ask the first villagogossip i yOu meet id it's not tn;e !" UpcrafI went ontwithoutanother word. Mr JA BIryce walked to the window and peered after s: him in the fog. Hesaw himpassinto the high- | load and turn his steps towards Tharrock vitlage, Then he began to pace restlessly up vs and down his room. At intervals an elastic |c lume lit up bis face; it was full of ?tftiness el and fiendish thuaght. Ifs ad been scheming ti for years to marry Jeas to Colonel Woodward [( of Thirrock Hall: and suddenly this man Uliraft became again an obetacle in his path! . A decanterotond on the table. Me emptied t: the last drop out o! it into his wian-glass, fc 35) drruk it off and then rang the ell. And now he stood grimly smiling, with his face half. turned towards the door: and he seemed as though listening to the signal-gun, that still boomed across the marshes like an ominous voice. John cperaft heard it too. He stopped abruptly, and pressed his haods to his ears to bshut onut the sound. It carried him back to that terrible night, three years ago, when he was out upon the marahbands, a miserable con vict, shivering with acute ague. Surely he a-as still the convict-surely it was for him that the gun was firing: The old sense of horror recurred. IIeshook fromheadto foot; and it was out bh repeatedly tou:hing his fur coat ard pasain' his hauds over his limbs that ho could eanrnce himself that he was no longer in prison garb, no longer hunted. In his grief and overwhelming despair. lie began to wish that lessie Bryce had left him to die in the marshes where she had found him. It would hvre been kinder, a thousand times kinder, than to have recalled him to life in order to subject him to this misery. For a moment he was screly tempted to strike across the marshlands and reach the river-side, where with cneleap he could end it all. But hisbetterjludgmeutsoonprevailed. Ieeconquered the momentary weakness, and went on towards the village nwith a growing strength of purpose ic his etEp. There was 0n sense of shivering ?wo, no tiho:gbht of beodiug to destine. The lihts of Thurrock village had come in sight. Hre was erect and determined: and he presently catlked into the village inun-n tun called the ' Old Hulk "-with little trace of the recent sJffering to be soeninhisresolute face. But the crownsig test of Upcraft'e moral strength now a?:rited him. The bar-parlor of the "Old Hulk" was small and ecsv There was a table in the centre, around vlr:ch a number of men were seated. Soum: had drawn their chairs close to theboard : while others sat back agaiust the wall, seeming to prefer a more distant view of the glass or tankard to which they laid claim. The compacy had raised a pretty thick fog, in oppoaition to the. fog outside, with their tobaco-smoke; and Upcrstaft, by war of making it denser, lit a cigar, after taking a vacant seat near the window. A lightresembl. ing an old ship's lamp hung iifrom the ceiling. But Up;raft had no dread of being recognised, for this was almost the firt time he had net foot in Thurrrck vilfaee. A silence had fallen upon the company when pcraft came in, but only for' a moment. An elderil man with a closely-shaven face soon toak sp the thread of talk. IIe gave a nod before he spoke, as if to challenge contradiction. "Sot say. lie's a gentleman." "Av." chimedin a middle-aged, hook-nosed man-2"and aich untoo! What more do a girl wanti" "Look at his ate!"said a youth, diparag ingly. "Lie's older than she be, yer, see, by twenty year." "Thea haven't settled the day," said a wrinkled person in the chimney corner, whom Upcraft took to be the sexton, "have they "' Before an answer could be given, a carriage drove up to the inn door, and all eves were directed towards it. The landlord was seen to hurry out. Then the window of the carriage was let down, anda face appeared there in the light of the carriage lamp. It was less. pperaft's first impulse was to go out to the door and greet her. IIowbeautifulshe looked! A great yearning possessed him to hear her voice. IHe longed to touch her hand once more. But the impulse was quickly mastered. He sank back inhis chair. She was in Colonel Woodwvard's carriage, and of course lhe was at herside. The taproom gossi had fairly con finued old Bryce' wore.. he was Colonel Voodward's fiancee. It oa late! (m neo 