CHAPTER XX. ONE FBIEN'D AND MANY FOES. Keith bed hoped to make one more trip j before laying up for the winter. But he had , a oomrade's consideration for his men. They had behaved splendidly, even when most they | had reason to doubt his seamanship, and he ; was anxious not only to keep faith with them : to the letter, but to give them what he called "a reight gude merrie time." They had signed articles of the most stringent if generous oharaoter. They were similar to those which Preedie had signed in the days of Eoyland. Every man had a vote in the affairs of moment, had an equal title to liquors and ■ rations in times of pressure; prize-money was to be shared in proportions laid down, with proper regard to position and wages, from the captain to the humblest soul on board; games of dice or oards for money where prohibited; lights were to be out at fixed times; no woman was allowed on board; all weapons were to be kept in clean and perfect order; no quarrel was to be settled with arms on board ; duelling was disoountenanced, and could only take place with the captain's per mission, and then the meeting must be on shore; desertion in time of battle was to be punishable with death; equal severity to be meted out for theorime of robbery; no man to retire from the service until his share of booty amounted to at least one thousand pounds; injuries to a person in the service to be compensated out of the common stock. This sum of a thousand pounds apieoe had already been earned by the capture of the St. Dennis, after the offioers had reoeived their propor tionate shares, the oaptain taking three, and the subordinate officers two and one and a quarter. The men o* the Anne of Dartmouth who had signed artioles with the rest were more than content, and they were devoted to their new oaptain. The division of the spoil, the surveying of the ship, the excursions ashore, the gardening the councils of war, and the extra nights of grog and merriment, made the time go as quickly as it was pleasant. But before the month was ended, and on tbe eve of serious thoughts of a last brief cruise before the winter should set in, the wind changed, and the snow came down in a blinding storm than was followed by keen frosts and ioy blasts, suoh as made it a very risky thing to engage in any further enterprises until the spring. It was argued by some thatinaotion for six months at least woiiud demoralize the crew; and Preedie suggested that it might be well, to lift anohor and lay up at Salem, or even in the harbour of New York, where they could ship the extra hands neoessaiy to complete manning of their new vessel. But Keith, with a lively faith In the strength of England, while he was willing to war against her, hinted that neither Salem nor any other American port might be safe. Furthermore, the Americans would consider their capture of the St. DenniB an act of piracy in a flag flying the stars and stripes; and as for a cruise in the southern seas (also proposed by Preedie), he was for letting well alone; it was in these latitudes that it should moBt satisfy them all to make their power felt. As for inaction, he planned out a continual fight with winter to keep open a track to the garden hut, and, moreover, there was plenty of work to be done in adapting the St. Dennis to their own tastes and requirements. He was for settling down into winter quarters, and those quarters the Harbourof Wilderness Greek. While the question was being discussed, winter intervened with barriers that left no option whether the ship should sail or not. The master of the frost and snow drew his strong chains across both entrance and exit. The entrance was a little sea of ice. Jagged rook and shining boulder were fringed with shining beads and pendants. Bergs began to form m the waterways outside the creek. Captain and orew acoepted the inevitable, and for such a company they passed the time in very wholesome fashion, fighting the snow and ice and putting the ship into perfeot repair, making hardy trips of sport with gun and trap, and living a life of activity, only now and then debased by a debauch of drink and ribald songs in which Keith would join with a wild, unoontrollable energy. He had, never theless, fits of despair, days and nights of Bpeeohless depression, followed by an unnatural aotivity. His cheeks grew thinner and thinner, his aspect more and more gaunt. In appear ance he had put on a premature old age. Only half through the allotted span of man, he was worn and wrinkled as any patriarch. His sunken eyes had nevertheless the brilliancy of youth. They sparkled in their cavernous depths. His thin hands were strong as eagle's daws. A long drooping moustache worthy of a Norseman's visage, mingled with his strag gling beard, white and brown—a mixture of youth and age. HiB dress was picturesque in its careless commonness,; a worn and ragged leather jerkin, baggy trousers, high brown boots, a broad buckled belt with knife and pistols, and a slouohing hat of felt, worn far back, leaving the strange thin expressive face open to sun and storm, defiant, wild, vengeful. He might have been made of iron, so little did he heed or fear hardships of sport or march of sleepless nights and days of perilous work and hard. In his profane way of looking at things he would say that God would not let him die of cold or heat, of steel orpoison, it was bis will to torture him with ghosts and fit him for the lowest depths of the fiery pit, tor He had a grudge againBt him whioh nought he might do of good or evil made any aooount. Then he would steal away where no eye could see him and weep bitter tears and pray in a blasphe mous manner, as one bereft. After this would come a calm, a tightening of the lips, and a planning of murderous deeds of plunder and of vengeance. For the open part of two years Alan Keith and the St. IDennis led a charmed life. They were the scourge of the adjaoent seas, and flew their varied flags as far away as the Azores. Successful in every enterprise, they adjourned for occasional rest and safety to their land locked fastness of WildernesB Creek. John Freedie had ventured to sail a valuable Eng glish prize into Salem, where he was received with great rejoioing. Keith's lieutenant had also succeeded in converting oertain securities into ourrent drafts. His lettero from Plymp ton had also proved of great value. Plymton's notes'! he had turned into gold— at a considerable discount it is true. Furthermore, he had made arrangements for the St. Dennis to go into port there or at Boston whenever she ohoBe. A Washington authority had secured him a proper oom miBsion for the St. Dennis. But Keith would not budge from Wilderness Creek. He had, however, early in the seoond season of his adventures as pirate and privateer, consented to the burying of the ship's remaining trea sures. A party of Miomacs had been seen off the southern shores of the oreek, and with them, it was thought, an European offioer. Furthermore Keith had had the misfortune to take a British money ship the very sohooner with gold for the troops for whioh he had been on the look- out before her time last year. The schooner had tried to give the brigantine the slip, but Keith had overhauled her, and over matched as the sohooner waB, she had never theless fought desperately, and there had been killed and wounded on both sides. Keith, after taking out her money and per mitting theremainderof her orew to take to her boats, had burnt the ship. By the weird light of her flaming timbers the boats had been picked up by a British frigate, on her way to assist in the convoying of an East India fleet. She took the schooners men aboard and made for Halifax, where she landed them and reported the loss of the sohooner. Here she met the St. George about to sail, ana on board she carried Lester Bentz, whose seocndhand knowledge of Keith's harbour had been under serious consideration at the Admiralty, and who had been compelled to sail with the St. George. Fortunately or unfortunately for Alan Keith, Pat Doolan had succeeded m making his escape from the Bhip on whioh he had been held to sail for England. He had got back to Halifax in time to hear all about the doings of the pirate Keith, as he was called by the Englishmen there, who rejoiced that arrangements were being made to take him and his ship. Pat had suoceeded in getting on board a fiBhmg-smack that was making her way into Labrador waters. They had witnessed the fight between the sohooner and the brigantine, and on her way to Wilderness Creek Keith had thought it wise to bring the smaok to in response to signalB whioh Pat had suddenly exhibited without the permission of the master. Pat, making himself known, was taken off to the great delight of Keith ; and the St. Dennis began to drift towards Wilder ness Creek, muoh to the antonishment of the smack, that was studiously giving Demon's Rock the customary wide berth maintained in all weathers by every careful mariner. The master watched the fateful ship plunge into the breakers, and all his hands stood aghast at the sight, unable to aooount for her seeming to confound rooks and shoals and broken water for the navigable ocean. Some fiend, no doubt, had taken hold of the helm; while others beneath the keel had dragged her down; for presently Bhe disappeared without a sign. The men of the smaok thanked their good fortunes that they were Bafe; and Sandy Scot and his men gave a mighty cheer of weloome when once more they bbw the St. Dennis Bail into harbour. Pat Doolan's news sent a cold shiver to the heart of Alan Keith. Their haunt once dis covered. they would soon be faoe to face with England afloat and ashore. If Miomacs had been seen, and with them an European offioer, they had best prepare for a fight to the death. Bentz on lx>ard the St. George was a sign that their days of ease were over. It was resolved to prepare for attaok. Already there were several graves near about the entrance to the cave of Demon's Book. It was deoided to add to these five others, that should be store houses. They were to contain the more bulky of the Company's booty. Conditions and agreements were entered into as to the future in respect of survivors. Keith had taken an extra bond of fate in secreting such of his store of money and securities as he thought best to have under hiB personal oontroL This buried purse consisted of his own personal savings at Heart's Delight, the moneys entrusted to Preedie by Plympton for their enterprise, his share of the Spanish haul at the Azores, and smaller stores of stones and scrip. Five brandy and wiDe casks filled with booty, to be redivided among the survivors, were buried among the other graves. Upon them were piled stones and boulders in aoareful formal manner, each grave with its cross and rough record of names and ages. But the oommander of the St. George had no notion of making acquaintance with the Harbour of Wilderness Creek. He discounted the Bentz romanoe sufficiently to steer clear of such nonsense as a secret bay; but he was under the impression that there might after all, for a small ship, be steering way through the hitherto regarded as inaccessible rocks to the westward of Demon's Book—perhaps by Belle IbIb, and the ship navigating such a oourse being shielded by the hilly coast, and finding her way many miles out to the eastward. Keith had taken an entirely exaggerated view of the possibilities which grew out of the information brought by Doolan. In order to clear the way for the exit from the harbour, and also to give reality to the graves, the treasure- ship was piloted out and permitted to go to pieces on the rocks; and to this day there are remains of her still, wedged into the jagged foothills of the high torrs that appear to march along the shore headland upon head land one endless range upon range of stony dangers. Pat's story of the destruction of Heart's Content and the carrying away of Plympton did not serve to oheer the lowering spirits of Alan Keith. And Sally Mumford and his son, what had become of them? Pat had no news whatever of them. They had disappeared from hiB ken and knowledge from the moment the Bodgers marched into Backbay Valley and laid violent hands upon the settlement. He thought master Plympton had been able to give Sally considerable money, and that he had advised her to make her way to Halifax. But the trouble had so taken hold of his miud that he did not rightly remember anything; and having been in the sea after his escape for a whole day and a night what he had really known had got washed out of him, and that was a fact. It had been in his mind to find Miss Mumford and offer her marriage, so that he might have had authority to protect her and look after the boy; but whether he would ever have the chanoe to meet her again, that was a puzzle sure, though it was not a greater improbability than his having met Master Alan Keith, the brave and mighty hero. The brave and mighty hero felt that he was doomed to a seriouB fall from the romantio heights to which he had soared in the imagina ! tion of Pat Doolan,'and from the fairly safe i position whioh he had hitherto oonBidered j secure at Wilderness Creek. Not that he feared death. That might oome when and how , it liked. But he had a grim idea that he was ■ doomed for all kinds of miseries of oaptivity ! and torture, that he had for some untoward I reason been marked down by fate or Heaven ; for black and cruel misfortune. After all ' was there a Divine and jealouB God? Had he offended the Majesty of Heaven in giving up ■ the grand simplicity of the Scotch Churoh for i false faith of Father Lavello and for the selfish j reason of being more acceptable to Plympton j and his daughter? Keith brooded and drunk I and drunk and brooded until he wbb in a fever of rage and violenoe; and, as if moved by the very fate he dreaded, he ordered the St. : Dennis to be once more made ready for sea ; The sight of Doolan had brought back to him ! piotures of his happy days, and he soemed to ! near whispered prayers in a dearly loved voice : in the interest of little David. He commis sioned Doolan to find his son, and thought of some provision for him that might be safe; and : he undertook to put the Irishman ashore at : some favourable place or time for the purpose; | but it was otherwise ordained. I Leaving the southern outlet of Wilderness Creek the St. Dennis found herself under the surveillance of a frigate whioh presently made ' sail towards St. John's, possibly on oonvoy ! work, for the fishing ships were once more : sailing into Newfoundland waters. Keith's 1 prime objeot wrs to put Doolan ashore, and < Boston was thought to be his best port. The j St. Dennis made for Boston, but before sun ' down found her course barred by that very | three-decker from whioh she had escaped in : her earliest adventure under Keith. Bearing j down from the north, and now fairly in sight : was the frigate they had observed early in the : day exchanging with her British signals, ! which had, however, not deceived her. Keith j ohauged hiB course and made for the Bahamas; and now began a chase, in whioh the brilliant seamanship of the oaptains was only equalled ' by the sailing qualities of their ships. They ■ were three graceB of the sea, the three-decker playing the magnificent part of Juno. At ■ sundown the frigate flung a Bhot squarely into ■ the lower rigging of the St. Dennis, and the I three-decker stood by to watch the fi^ht; for the St. Dennis was within range. Keith _ had ! not been idle. He had manoeuvred his ship so ! as to get broadside on, and hardly had_ he ■ roared down the main hatchway "Fire" than the St. Dennis trembled from keel to top ' mast with the explosion ; that was Keith's ! response to the ohallenge of his adversary. i When the smoke oleared it was seen that the ; frigate's mainmast bad fallen, and that her sails were riddled and torn. "Noo, my lads," shouted Keith, "at her again while she's tekk'n up wi' sails—noo, lads, wear ship—this time sweep her infernal decks. Ah, ah ! that's it; by the Lord Bhe'll wish she werebaok i' Halifax!" The brigantine broke out into thunder and lightning, and the frigate was sorely smitten with the bolts. Her sails were in rags; one of her two remaining masts were shattered. " By the Lord, her deok's a cemetery," shouted Keith ; " stand by, boarders! the George iB nae longer lookin' on." The three-deoker had no idea of continuing to play the generous part she had elected to observe at the beginning of the fight. Regard ing the two vessels as well matohed, the Vice Admiral was willing to let the frigate have the glory of the contest and capture; but the frigate was so hard hit that duty had now to give place to sentiment, and before Keith had barely got out his last words the side of the three-decker burst into flame, and the brigan tine reeled under the blow that struck her fore and aft. As the Bun dropped into the sea night came on almoBt like the dropping of a curtain, but not before the brigantine had sustained the shock of a seoond broadside from the St. George, directed with terrible and fatal skill. The brieantine was literally oroBhed under the weight of the murderous hail.lf thedarkness had beensomewhatdelin >1 the St. Dennis might have been saved by t>ie foe, and no doubt would have been, not only in a spirit of humanity but for the glory of her capture and the arrest of her daring mast-r. Knowing the danger of the waters into whioh they had followed the retreating brigantme, the three-deoker and the frigate had stood out for the open sea. During the night the brigantine drifted upon the coral reefs of the Bahamas, and every soul except one was lost. He rose up from the wreck and stood forth a grim silent figure, with bleeding feet and hands torn upon the reefs Btood forth in the night—blinded with spray, deaf with the cries of the dying and rush and roarof the waters. When morning broke the St. George sent off her pinnaoe to the reefs, but the ship was already breaking up, and no living soul oonld be seen, only a few floating bodies whioh the sea had not yet released from the spikes and spurs of the ooral reefs. But on the barren snores of Abaco, before the day was over, that same grim figure with the bleeding feet and hands all torn fighting with the living rooks, rose up once more and walked in a world of mocking sunshine. 