TRopeUst. AT BERKELEY HALL; OR, Tale That is Told. i>y preston lee 0x13. In faith, ohild, it was a start you gave rae then, standing in your white frook before that portrait. T am grown old, now, and more nervous than when in years gone by I found my mistress gazing at thia same pioture of the young lord and hie first wife. The story of these very paintings it was I promised to tell you ? "Very willing to apeak am I of thoae daya in whioh my thoughts atill dwell, but you must bear with an old woman'B humble Bpeeoh. To begin, then, the old lord, Sir Arthur, was on hie death bed when oame the letter from Mr. Harold iu foreign lands. Long ago he hod gone to Florida, in the States, aud married a Spanish woman, sinoe when his family knew but little of him. But now thia letter came, pleading with Sir Arthur to take hia only ohild, a daughter, and oare for her in the home of her ancestors. Also eaid Mr. Harold, that lying on a bed of illnosa and nigh unto death, so great was hia trust in hiB brother that he had made arrangements for the ohild to depart for Berkeley Hull as soon as he was gone from her, knowing that her unole would endeavor to take plaoe with her of father and mother. Sir Arthur, on reading this ae a meB-' sage from the dead, was Bore distressed, and bade me to him. "Mrs. Wilkins," lie said, hie poor voice all tremulous like, " my brother, by this time awaiting me beyond the known, has tent hie daughter to mo to rear, and muoli I fear that X shall not be here to weloome her. So to you I give trust to make the little one happy until my son Arthur comes home to take charge of her." . Thereupon gave I my solemn promise to do my best, being but a young thing my self, just turned of twenty-three, and not yet a year married. Mr. Arthur was the only son, and a deep grief was it to the old lord that he was not with him in his last extremity. But Mr. Arthur had travelled away two years sooner, arazed with the sorrow of „ hie young wife's death, and for all he wrote regularly to the old lord he made no. mention of his baak-ooming. Yes, that is the young Sir Arthur and hia wife. She was the daughter of a neighboring gentleman, and handsome m you one, albeit too large for my liking. "A fine-looking woman is mistress Elizabeth Berkeley," Baid everyone. But big and Btrong though she seemed, she lay aoad of a cold before they hod been married four months. The young husband was like one mod when the brown hair and blue eyes were eovered away from him, whereupon his father sent him to foreign oountriee to eok forgetfulness. But I was_ telling you — an old woman rambles, lassie, and it aeems but yester day, these happenings. Well, the old lord died and was laid away where all the Berkeleya sleep, and iu a fortnight or lesB came the little nioue. Ah, but she was upon, was Misa Agatha Berkeley 1 When she est in the shadow, one thought eho had her Spanish mother's hair ; but when ahe oame forward in the light, though it still kept its deep tone, It seemed that surely Bome of the cold radiance of the moonlight in her Southern country had warmed and melted in her tresBes. And though her shining eyea wore blaok as midnight, to watoh her brows and lashes, hor skin was fair as lilies, minding me of nothing so muoh as of tho spotless auow that lies against the charred trunks in the foreat. She was fifteen when she came to mo, this . pretty, pale oreature, but ao small that ahe looked to be a ohild of eleven or twelve, and eo pitiful in her blaok frook that my heart warmed to her ; eo that in the years that oame wo grew fast friends, ' more like to sisters than mistress and ' or Bcrved Miss Agatha as I had Mistress Elizabeth before her. When Sir Arthur had been notified of tho old lord's doatt) and his young cousin's arrival to us, he wroto that as yet he was .not ready to return, but that MIbb Agatha was to have all that bofittod a Berkeley, 'enjoining upon Mr. Olark, his man of buBi- jess, tho care of this, and of hor gover- i leases and masters. But when Miss Agatlm, amid new I loenos, put away hor grief and booame \- jer gay. ohildlike self again, she, and eho tlono, reigned at Berkeley Hall. The old lawyer rah down from London almost weekly to bring one governess and tako away another, and all beoauee Miss , Agatha would havo it eo. Truth to toll, as sweet and lovely as alio scorned, ahe bad Satan's own temper, and a time of terror It woro hore when our protty mis- tress wob crossod in any way. But with me aho wasnovor angry. For ono reason, it mattored not tho question, I gavo way to her, for being bo little oldor, not well could I tako authority. Perhaps it may have baen as my husbahd — who was ' butler — said, that in this way I made hor still moro fiory and ungovernablo ; but God knows I always loved iny young min- tress.and would not willingly have harmed her. Well,, in some way time drifted by till Mies Agatha had ruled us 'four yqars, when, ooming slowly Into thjs plotura. pioture of Sir Arthur ana Mistress Eliza- both, his wife, aB you Btood butjuatnow, Beinz nineteen vears of aso, my mistress was A- a child's height, slender and graoeful. Perhaps I am partial Lo by- t.t.S'Srrja1! woman. Well, she turnod toward me that evening and called me in her gentlo voice : "Here, WilkinB." I went up to her before the portrait. " Wilkine," she said, " this ie my oouein Arthur and hie wife?" ! "Yes, Miss Agatha," I answered, her voioe. Why had they tho portrait made in ao I told her then, as, but yesterday I told you, how that Mietrosa Elizabeth had a fanoy for being done in the pink and gray brocade ehe bad worn tho night Sir Arthur curae u-eourting, and how he, in his gay way, made mention tlmt she had best be Beated upon tho same divan, with him standing to look down on hor,. even as he had done that time. And bo the gay young thingB had it painted, for all the old lord'B teasing. And the day it was framed and hung, as I was seated here with my broidery, on account of it boing a oool spot, in they oame all smiles and happiness, to stand before it and praise or fault-find gaily. Mistress Elizabeth laughed at the admiration the artist hud caught into her husband's handsome face, and ho vowed hero hot half handsome enough to give her justice, soribbling with his peuoil upon tho frame "ThoEventful Moment," as I myself read when they were gone. Well, all this and muoh more I told Miss Agatha, eho questioning mo, in terested, in her pretty way. I Bpoke to her of his grief, liow he had Bought foreign wanderings, and hor large blaok eyes filled with tears. " Wilkine," ehe asked elowly, " do you know I like hie faoo 1 I love it 1 Do you think that my cousin will ever come home? I should try to.coinfort him — and I could do it. I could indeed, Wil kine I" Ah, she was always a bit fanoiful, poor thing. Well, just then behind us a step Bounded, and I turned lo seo Sir Arthur 1 Older, browner, handsomer, but etill Sir Arthur. His eyes sprang to rnoet those of the woman in the portrait, and he atood etill jn a kind of spoil-bound wel coming. As for Miss Agatha, she turnod paling to the wiudow, after a glimpse of his stern, sorrowful faoo. Presently Sir Arthur drew a deep sigh, lilcu one rousing from a swoon, and for tho first time seemed to see me. " How ore you, Mrs. Wilkins ?" ho eaid, in hie old, hearty way. " And is that my little cousin over there 1" At this Mies Agatha rose from tho win dow seat and oame forward, putting her elendor hand into his strong clasp. Muoh aetoniod was Sir Arthur to find his cousin auoh a woman, for ho had thought of her only as a child; forgetting that time had stood not still at Berkeley to await hie coming. In the days that oame I was always with then, Bitting, as need be, at a respectful di8tanoe with my work ; and well I know, !ong before Sir Arthur or my protty lady lersSlf, that hor heart was longing for hia love. Ah. well, child, if waa not strange. She hod loved him before, she saw him, and now that he had come ho was bonny to lqpk upon, aud always with tho ladica had h6" a Way that was tendor and chival rous. The old forests where she had wandered alone now knew two young beings rambl ing in the shade ; for hours they rode to gether, and long talks had thoy. Even as hisprosence waa happiness to lior, so he never seemed to tiro of hor playful ways, her soft, slow, sweet voico, hor evi „ dent liking. Jlarely looked Sir Arthur in those days upon the portrait called "The Eventful Momont," though often oame he with his oouBin for s tomping game of battledore or graces in the long gallery. Some months had gone on in this way, and Miss Agatha grew eaoli day more gentle and sweet till well-nigh had we for gotten her terrible rages, when ono even ing she entered her room to robe for dinner. I had left her a moment einoe reading Qlone in the library, but when I glaneea up at her I saw ehe was pale like death, and had her white teeth set cruelly over her lip. " You may go," ahe said quiokly, see ing my look. "I ahull attend to ray own coatumo to- night." I left her at onoe, for I saw she was angry, and wondering what the cause, I wandered iu hore. Then I knew. On a couoh before this picture lay Sir Arthur, hia eyes fixed upon the pioture of hia handsome wife. He did not hear my coming, and even as I stood thunder- struck a shuddering sob shook him, and ho Baid aloud .: " So eoon, my Elizabeth ?" Noiselessly I retreated and sought my mistress. If she had seen end hoard aught that I had her poor loving heart muBt be near to breaking. Whon I entered the room Bhe was standing before the long mirror, unfasten ing her splendid hair. Ae it fell heavily beside her pnlo face, it was like heavy amcke drooping on a enow-olad roof. "Madam," I questioned, wondering at my own bravery, " what gown ahall I make ready ?" " Did I not tell you that 1 should not' nocd you ?"ahe answered slowly, liko ono wlioae thoughts are far away. Without answor I took down a green gown, meshed over with white lace, 'ono in whioh Sir Arthur had likened her to n aoa-wave with.tho orest of foam breaking over. "It is in this gown that my master likes beet to sso you," I ventured again. Ali, my dear, I fear I should not bo so courageous nowadays. She turned fieroely, and I thought her nngry eyes wquld burn through me for an instant ; thon she oast hereelf down in a wild passion of tears, " Oh," eho cried, and never ehall I forget tho agonised voioe, " oh, Wilkine, you know it! You have seen that I lnvo him I And—and havo I shown him ?" in a broken whisper. " No— oh, my poor child, no 1" I mado loving haste to say. " It — ho— Sir Arthur lovoaliis cousin, and kuowa that Bho loves him in— in that way ; that ia all ; boliovo mo, that ie all." In aorno dognoo was aho oomforted, but hor griof and ehamo overwhelmed hor for a time, and it waa long oro I waa permit ted to robe her in tho ooa-wavo gown ; and thon, indeed, what with hor pallor, she waa moro liko a spring snowdrop. For all I oould boo, my lord woo ao usual at dinner — a fino gentleman lio, with his.. powdered' hair.and rjtoh jwttire-r— seldom, and then with downcast eyes. I saw Sir Arthur look at her anxiously onoo her to the' musio room, I following and sitting near the window, ' as was my wont. Sir Arthur seated his oouein in a high- booked ohair before tho spinet, and then Bbo spoke in a voioe which was half a sob : "I oare not to aing to-night." But my lord insisted, though he saw ahe wished to refuse ; und presently her white hands fell on the keys, and Bhe ran over tho prelude. When the sweet voioe caught up the strain, Sir Arthur drew his ohair close and sat liatoning with hia eyea fixed on Miss Agatha'B face. "I am thinking of thee alway— with a love I am longing for thee alway-lay thie thought unto tby heart—" Suddenly her voioe died away dnd her nervous hands crashed discord down the keys. "I cannot aing to-night, my oousin," she said, answering hia startled look. ' ' Not that ballad, but it may be I Bhall do better with some other." Over Sir Arthur's faoe flashed a iron- dering expression. Then he eaid with a gaiety strange and new : ' I ory your pardon, oouain, but we muBt have our same ballad to the very end." "Not if I oannot sing it," she said, gently. 1 \ " And if you cannot, why ? Did you not sound that sweet voice through all the strain but a week ago ? And does the nightingale forget her notes so soon ? Try again." . And so poor Miss Agatha was foroed to aing tho ballad. And I, in sympathy with her wounded heart, understood the trembling tones in whioh at last ahe finished: '' When the glowing crescent oradle gleamed that night from out the skies Then he spoke to me with langeage— he had told me with bis eyes.'' Ao thoso last wordB died away Misa Agatha turned slightly, with' a faint smile, and met Sir Arthur's eyes. All tho truant blood flushod into the white .throat and face to meet hia gaze. As for him, he had gone quite pale, oruahing thomusio in hia hand and leaning for ward. "Ah, Agatha, have 1 indeed told you what I havo so hardly struggled to con- coal V I heard him whisper Bof tly. Even while joy for hor filled my heart, I saw her draw back in scorn. " My lord, you forget Mistress Eliza beth Berkeley I" alio said. Ay, it was a oruel word she spake, and forgetting myself in dismay, I had al most sprung toward her when I heard hia voico once more. "I do, eweet Agatha, though', as seemed more meet, I tried not to lose her from my thoughts. But a man can not choose but render tip his love with those black eyes upon him." When 1 perceived from her faoe that not again would she scorn hor happiness, 1 Hod away and left the twain, rejoicing that it was ao. / Well, they were married at ones, and for all thr-- loved each other truly, they wero not happy. Poor Lady Agatha was je&loUB; of the portrait of Mistress Elizabeth ; ehe could not brook to see her husband looking so at hor iu the pioture. Well do I remem ber when she made a silk ourtain and hung the portrait over. As I said just now, ahe waB always a bit fanciful and ohildlike. Scarce had I, assisting her, completed the hanging of tho Bilk, when in come my lord. When he saw what ehe had been about, hie brow contracted as though some sudden pain beset him, and he questioned : " Is this well done, Agatha?" " Ay, sir," she answered steadily. "It is well done for mypeaoeof mind, though not, psrohanoe, for your desires." And with that she ran paat ua both like a mad creature, and ' flung herself sobbing on hor bed. Sir Arthur, always as forbearing as on the night of their betrothal, suffered the ourtain to remain without further speeoh, and shortly after yielded to hie wife's wish to have. their portraits painted, seated, aa on that evening' in the musio room. Indeed, he refused her nothing, and when ehe bade him have a jjame let into the wood-work of the frame he oomplied with but little delay, though ehe would not tell him wherefore ehe wished it. "A Pause in the Musio;" ehe had chosen, and though always it sounds to me like a fanoy pioture, yet it was her desire. One evening, when for some reason she seemed sadly low spirited, Sir Arthur drew her in here for a game of romps ; but she went and stood before her own portrait, hanging beside the qurtained one. When her husband oame to her side, Bho turned suddenly, leaning against him, and eaid sadly : >Ah, Arthur, it was an unhappy mo ment when into the musio of your life I brought my discordant notes. Tho musio paused — never again to be eo eweet.". At this, comprehending her whim of the name, Sir Arthur woe sore wounded ; but ho reproved, her gently for her idle fancies, and presently she grew quite gay in aeeuranoes of hia tender love. But it was only for tho time. Matters wont from bad to woreo, and my mistress grew more hard to boar with each day. For the first time she quarrelled with mo, hor over faithful maid, and hor fits of passion oame oftener and lasted longer. As a revelation did it como to Sir Arthur hor unoontrollable tomper. Always havo ,1 believed that tho poor ohild wau near distraught for fear her husband should love hotter tho dead wifo than tho living. Often wondered I at his' marvollouB patience with his passionate wife, for she would have oaused a saint to wax wrath, though I speak against one dead and gone. Well, one evening, toirmko a IongBtory short, my lord and lady sat at tea, and it was IwhoBervcd thorn. Presently my mistress nakod her husband if liia tea woro to his liking. Pleasantly enough ho unswercd, iu his joking way, that it had boon made sweotor for liim in days gone by. My lord thought of his inaulgont mother and -Lis doys of boyhood, but my mistress was in a white rago directly. "Would to goodness tho Mistross Elizaboth wero hero to mnko it for you 1" sliooriod, inhorinsano jealousy, and oro ho or I saw what bIio did, aho had flung thu warm ton full in his face. I stood doprivod by fear of motion, but my lord, for tho firob_ time in a long life, hud lost control of his tompor. Dashing tho tea from his foco, and strodo to hor side,, and oh, it wob an ovil moment in y/hich ho did-.auch .a cruel not 1 for ifi far ; l£ay iithqb I-toll'y ou/in', 1 hejiaoed the bare, pretty arm end broken it against hie kneo i My lady sank baok fainting, and my lord, when he saw me dart to hor side, got himself away. Well, he sont off at onoo for a Burgeon, and the arm was sot, and muoh was the wonderment ae to the breaking. I oould, only say that I had found her lying When aho oemo to herself again I was sitting by hereto, and nevor shall I for got the anguished look when she saw the bandaged arm and task remembranoe of what had happened. . She turned toward roe with wide-etrotohed eyes. » You will not let him oome in, Wil- dreadful to witness. "How can I ever blame poor Agatha's lack of self-control," ' he would groan, "when my sinful temper haB led rae to so brutal an sot 1 Do you think ehe ,will see1. mo to-morrow, Wilkine?" . But though on my knees I pleaded with my lady in his behalf, she steadfastly re- fiisod eaohday to see him. When I spoke of hie agonising remorse, Bhe interrupted me.' " Wilkins, will you oarry my husband a meseago from me ?" " That will I," I answered, right gladly, for methought she had relented of her harshness. "Tell him from me, then," she said, and her voioe knew no tromor, 41 that never in this world, "or the next, do I wish to see his face ngain," "Oh, my lady,". I begged, almost stunned, " do not ask me to tell him that!" "You promised. Go 1" Bho said, coldly, and, with tears streaming from my eyes, I went. Sir Arthur lifted toward me, when I entered to him, a faoe wliioli had aged five years in a fortnight.. " Well, Wilkins ?" lie said, a faint hope brightening in his eyes. How I delivered that oruel message, I know not, but presently, weeping bit terly, I found myself baok with my lady, and shivering like one in 'an ague. No questions put my indifferent mistress, and almost, for the time, I hated her. When she could have come from her room, but kept it, through fear of meet ing Sir Arthur, and whon he eaw that it was even eo, lie handed me, ono day, a large envelope thick with aoctentc, ask ing that 1 give it unto my mistresB. She perused the document coldly, and ro- plaoingit, bade me oarry it baok, at whioh my lord inquired eagerly if hie wifo re lented of her coldness. When I answered him nay, a look of blank despair fell over the handsome face. . Ho told me the envelope contained hia commission, and that ho should go away on the morrow to serve the king, seeing that he could not his wife. And my heart bled for him when he eaid he oould not ride until ho had soon hor. So 1 made bold to bid him follow me to my haughty lady's ohamber unannounced. When he entered in I shrank back amid the hangings, afraid for thiB thing that I had done. My lady eat gazing from her window, and did not glance up at the footfall, thinking it mo, until, Btruck by the silence, Bho turned and saw hor hus band. " You 1" ehe' eaid, in a voioe mingling fear with scorn'. ; " You 1" " I am come to say good-bye, Agatha," he answered, cut to the heart by look and tone. Then quoth my oruel lady, with-hand outstretched to the door : " So bo it, fare theo woll, Sir Arthur," He turned, leaving her presende, and his face was that of the old lord, his father, when he had lain dead in hia coffin. And ao my miatresa let him away with out word of forgiveness or wifely love, even though her heart raged in her bosom through worship of him. But she ohide me not for the bringing of him to her ohamber. For many months we led .a right lonely life iu Berkeley iiail. - My master wrote moBt regularly to his harsh lady, and eaoh letter ehe read with indifferent, mien, handing it therewith to mo, that the ser vants might know how their master fared. This news carried I to tho servants hall, and of the war, but knowing my duty, spoke naught of the passionate tenderness end pleading for forgiveness whioh filled hia pagos. Never a line of good or ill did my mis tress pen, held by her wioked pride. But' when the winter came on severe, and the great hous&grew; chill and draughty, tbon did sho grow eaoh day more unlike her self. No .longer did sue read, or sing, or- run, ohildlike, through the groat halls. Hours now ahe passod gating out at the snow-clad forests and gray skies i and oft- times at night, whon the gusty winds roared through the craoking trooa and whistled sharply at tho house corners, would I see her straining her eyes out through tho darkneaB. And on oue such a night I found hor weeping in the win dow seat, and 1 knew sho pondered on my lord, homolosB, and battling not alone with men, but with fieraenoss of tho ele ments and a dospalring heart. It was thon I pluoked up courage to beseech my lady to write and bid her hus band homo again, knowing how that sho had forgiven liim long sinoe. Whioh same, after muoh bitter sobbing on my bosom, my lady did. But for her stub born prido now was she punished by a waiting long and grievous to bo borne, in whioh wo hoard not from Sir Arthur, savo rumora of battles hard-fought, won and lost, and of many killed and wounded. In tho early- spring my mistress fell ill unto death, and after many wooko, in whioh it seemod that tho struggling soul must suroly osoapo tho fragile littlo body, I robed hor once moro, and carried her down to tho groat hall whore sho liked bost to bo. And I think wa both wopt for vory happiness that aho had not fled away during thoso months of suffering. And now sho Baw that it was summer time for tho trees woro hoavy-loavcd and tho grass sprung greonly, and still her one thought was for tho warrior husband for whom in oilonco sho had grieved herself down into the shadow of death. As tho hot days dragged by wo saw that health waa not for hor again unless tho absent oamo. For sho grow no stronger, and whon I lifted hor from chair to oouoh, or carried hor along tho stairway, almost it was as though I hold my own infant in my arms. Ono ovoning, when I hadouahionedher in the doop window eoat, with tho sashes all thrown wido that she might feel the faint broozes stoal across her wan faoo, sho spolco to mo of this. "Wilkins, do you think ho will come quiokly V" And I, knowing of whom she thought, mado haste to answer ; " Suroly, my lady ; in a f(W weqks now, at tho utmost, ' . "But Wilkins," hor s'nowor came; mingled with a lob; so weak was she, noor lamb, that scaroo oould sho speaK without tears, " but oh, Wilkins, then! mQvnotbe hero I" So ohoked was I with the fear that she spake tho truth, that I oould only kneel at hor side and Kiss the thin handB. With that she looked at me keenly, and reading my face drew in hor breath sharply, onoe or twloe, as a person wakened suddenly from deep sleep,- then turned hor face ngaiu to watoh tho stare, oalm aud bright above earthly unrest and gloom. Presently I sank low on the floor, loan ing my head lightly agalnBt my miatresa, and so we But far Into the etar-lit night. But-bethinking mysolf of hor feeble state, I besought her to allow mc to bear hor 'to her ohamber, and when she anawered me not, a cold fear sprang, like a clutch ing hand, to my heart, for I saw that aho had swooned. The next day my lady asked mo if I would render her a service. "What would I not?" I asked, where upon quoth aho : < " When I am. gone, do you tear the silken covering from the portrait of my' husband and Mistress Elizabeth, and should ho oome agaiu, tell him I bade it done. But firmly am 1 persuaded tlrat in another world he eoes my sorrow and re- pentanoo, and I myself will have his love und pardon ere many days." Nevertheless," sho said to mo, a littlo lator in the day : " I am , trying hard to await his coming, but it is so. long— go wearily long!" and again : "Ah, many and many a break waa-tbere in the two-fold musio of-out- livosl Mine were the discordancies and the failures. Tell Arthur that now I have paiised to take breath for an endless har- mony." No, it had not been a happy marriago, that of my lord and my lady, and yot they loved each other. My lady's Spanish blood had epoilod her for an- English woman, and my lord's English tempera ment gave him no oluo to the wild pas sions and ohauging moods in the woman he had won. Well, my sweet mistress Agatha was- sinking lower and lower, and all woro. despairing of her life, when my lord oamo homo. Biding hard- he came, mud-He- e'pattered and travel- worn, dashing up to the great hnll door and flinging from his stood, Adown tho stair was I coining when I eaw him on the threshold, and as ono paralysed 1 stood, nor could open my mouth for joy. But my master strode aoross thu hall and up the stair to where I halted, his jingling spurs and olunking sword sounding strangely harsh in that quiet house. "God save you, good Wilkins," he said, merrily. ' Do you mistake a raun for a ghost that you stand and stare? Whero bidee my dear lady ?" And then methiuks he must have seen trouble in my face, for he'grasped my arm so that it was blue for many days, and demanded hoarsely : " May it please you, air," I said at last. " my mietresa is very ill ; I fear this sud den joy will kill hor. Lot me toll hor you nrehere, lost — " "No, nol my sweetheart will not die of me 1" he cried. "And love shall anatoh her from the very grave 1" He sprang past me and into tho oham ber of my mistress. I heard a wild sqream, and thon eank trembling on the stair ; for only that day the dootor ..had said a sudden shook would kill rny poor lamb. But, ah 1 1 noed not have whimpered so vninly, for from the hour of Sir Arthur's ooming Mistress Agatha rallied ; and when at last ehe oame. down stairs again, her dark eyes soft and tender with happi ness, her husband carried her, not L In truth, even had he not grudgod me that sweet aervioe, she had grown muoh too heavy for my poor arms. The pioture of Mistress Elizaboth wan presently uncovered by my lady's own hands, and in the days to oome often atood she before it with hor husband, ad miring its fair beauty with never o traoe of jealousy or anger left in hor ohastened heart. For love and suffering had done in liar their work. Many years have passed alnoe then, child. I am an old, old woman, out living huaband, master, inietreee, all J loved. I eon only wait patiently for the brief days to end whioh separate my dear ones from the fond heart that loved them eo, and whioh ie faithful still. 