BRITISH AND FOBEICH . j t„r i* willing to risk his reputation tbst crea© of tartar will cure small-pox in W • of the dog tax In Berlin from T S l ' o - e d the villa at Cannes In hic hthe Dake of Albany died has just pre- Led h it to y his widow. » fatality occurred at Stirling North, a being swept away by the fid waters and drowned. The Times says the prosperity of the Australian colonies 'denes* very largely on their export trade with Eagland. The E»rl of Jersey, ate Governor of New Bnnth Wales, has been elected an alderman of foe Middlesex County Council. The magistrate and town councillors of Altona have granted 1,600,000 marks for the Suction oi a fishery harbor Emillo Sihierso, a German, is attempting a iournef from Manchester to London npon a rolling ball 7ft. 9 n. in diameter. The sbootlDg of the Indian native army, einoe it has been given the Martini-Henry tiflj, has improved to a very marked extent. An old man in Southwark Workhouse has received «n intimation that he is heir to £170000, left by a gentleman in New York. The wall round the city of Babylon at the height of its prosperity was 56 miles in length. A wall round London would be over 70 miles Id extent. Queen Natalie, of Servia, who recently paid g visit to the Sultan of Constantinople, revived from him the Order of Cheaak in brilliants. Henniker Heaton thinks the colonies of the British Empire wou'd willingly agree to the institution of a uniform system of Imperial postal orders. The total losses incurred by depositors and shareholders through the failure of the Balfour group of companies are estimated at #,086,932. The friends of the G>vernor of Ohio, M'Kinley, have collected aud presented to him P.OOOJol. which he had lost through being surety for a friend. A disease having many of the characteristics of yellow fever is puzzling the doctors at Qenoa. One fatal case of the mysterious malady baB occurred. Cavendish, the well-known whist player, is reputed to have played 20,000 rubbers in 10 years, and has won about j£2000. He never played for high stakes. In a riotat Nassau, New Providence, a mob ol 2000 blacks attacked and burned the guardroom of the constabulary. The trouble originated over the murder of a constable. A number of young American gentlemen have formed an Anti-Crinoline Club, promising not to take a lady to a theatre or concert, or dance with one at a ball wearing such an A Chicago letter, condensed in the Adelaide Awtrdische Zeitung, states that the local busi ness is nearly exclusively in the hands of Jews, representing at the exchange 75 per cent, of the &n; oil-well struck at Toledo, Ohio, is fljwat the rate of a thousand barrels a day and cannot at present be shut in. The novel sight "witnessed of the country around beine deluged with oil. 6 Misprints are often very amusing. One of we tunnmat, perhaps, conies from the Totnes K ' said that the Newtoperform w h e r e i n U i B Hayda'e ° 'i ( ; 8 has now passed through the come J firs'! c h a ®' m i n R l California, and has be- S Z i r i R e i n ^ ' State, the o f t b e h o l d i ng *ir own with those grown in any othei country. th i A *t\\.? a U i v a ? r e c e n t , y returned to w!5nd o ?h n m U 8 i \ o f t h e o d e w h i c h » b J ire of .L r 6 Q u f n > h e w r o t e for the openbarne. d t t n c g h i s h o l i d *y at Rocque- \- X r r ^ Constantinople writes: Jern^leni • lfi i C o ! d N a z^th and tat fri2 D' n 6 dPr n° n 8 d i e d > ^ne had their •tRamleh" a r n v e d 1 u i t o "Ousted France IsEdouard bebg erShfteV; ^ l a h e l * h t > who is now ^-"Inutive S l r "P^ of bis , m e t h a B h a d t o d r a w comber f o t»Ji,r a h hi, t h e m e d i c f l l "amination. director of ufe°Rav°i n*^ D r ' T r i m e n . ftfers to the fart thtt f t a n ® a r d e n R > Oeylon, 7 e r * 1 0 0 l b s - of tea * et6 of Britieh I'°i d U t i n s t h e y« ar 84'bs. Uhina. ' y 1 6 l b s - being the produce oi The 'V 6 8 1 '» Germany were s^^.Vrwsi* ship lg Mysorean throughout, immense oare has been taken with it, and no labour has been spared. Severe fighting has been renewed between the Dutch and the Achinese in E«t Sumatra, and in a fiebt that took place on tbe Tanaang River the Dutch sustained a loss of 40 killed and wounded. They claim to have been vie torioup, but tbe Achinese have interrupted communications. The biggest cannon in the world has been sent by Messrs. Krupp to the Chicano Exhibition. The gun has a calibre of 19£in., and uses 7001b. of powder at each shot, the force of the discharge being so enormous tba . tbe shells will pierce through a 20in. plate of f steel nine miles away. The shells are 4lt. long, and weigh 26001b. Theop raste Renaudot, the founder of jour nallsm In France, to wham a statue i'b about to be erected by bis grateful countrymen, was born in 1584 at London ; and his newspaper, entitled La Gazette, and afterwards La Gazette de France, has been published uninterruptedly from the beginning of the 17th till now, the end of the 19.h century. Among the celebrities who usually reside in Florence are "Ouida," Silvini, and Rossi. Salvini lives in a palace, owns a theatre, and holds bis head as high as any Florentine noble. Rossi begins to look old, but Salvini has still a juvenile air about him, especially when he is eeatei behind his favorite white horse, which he drives daily. Mr. Jenkins Jenkinr, who was for 28 years coxswain of the Mumbles Lifeboat, has just died, at the age of 69. During a long and eventful career he has been instrumental in saving no fewer than 131 persons from shipwreck. 1p. 1883 he was presented to the Prince of Wales at Marlborough-houoe, and had received substantial gifts from the German Emperor. Tha Chicago Exhibition authorities have made en agreement with a large American firm gran tic g the right to print the catalogue inEiglifh. Germany has already printed its catalogue in three languages, Garman, English and Spanish. The German Commissioner has pointed out that the new arrangement might interfere with a portion of the German catalogue. A remarkable Beries of Roman iron tools, over sixty in number, were discovered in a rubbish pit daring the excavations at Silchester in 1890. Among the tools are anvils, hammers, chisels, gongeB, adzes, and a carpenter's plane, the only one yet found in Britain. The find also included two plough coulters, a sword blade, a large gridiron, a lamp, and a brorz? steelyard. The engagement of the hereditary Grand Duke William of Luxemburg to Princess Anna von Bragarzi is announced. The bridegroom being Protestant atd the bride Catholic it will be a mixed marriage. The Pope generally only grants permission when the promise of the contracting parties is made that all children shall eventually be bronght up in the Catholic religion. Tbe import value of living poultry compared with the export in 1892 in Germany \- showed a surplus of 15,043,000 marks; on slaughtered poultry, 2,477,000 marks ; on eggs, 60,784,000 marks; on albumen, 131 000 marks; and on rough bed-feathers, 9,672 000 marks ; total, 88,101,009 mwks. Tbe German agriculturists should do all in their power to reduce these imports and save expenses. O e of the most carious facte about the late Earl of Derby was that he was absolutely the reverse in private of what he was supposed to be in public. In public he always spoke with preternatural gravity, and in private he was one of the most humorous and entertaining of men. Even some of the very beBt talkers of the time have declared that they would willingly listen in silence for a night to Lord Derby's drolleries. Curioas and tragic are the stories which are current about the Paris Morgue, "La Bague Fatale" being the least known. This ring was one of evil omen, for it was found again and again on the hand of some member of the same family, and always in posfesslon of one whose end was tragic. It is 6aid to have appeared at La Morgue five times, to have been claimed each time to appear again on the finger of some fresh victim. At a recent meeting of the Meteorological Society, Mr. Shelford Bid well, F.RS., said photography has shown that the lightning flash of tbe artiste, formed of a ncmbor of perfectly straight lines arranged in a zlgz)g,has no resemblance to anything in nature. The normal or tropical fliah is like the ordinary spark discharge of an electrical machine. It follows a sinuous course, etrikingly similar to that of a river as shown upon a map. American papers relate the following :—A wild Indian of the Chicbasau tribe recently came to Sherman in Texas to look for a soldier who had run away with his wife. The delinquent was found, and a fight for life or death expected. But instead of any serious quarrel, the injured busbacd handed a puree of 120 dollars to his successful rival, saying that this money belonged to his former wife, whom he despised from the bottom of his heart. - At an evening party' it was remarked- that nobody could draw two things at once. Sir Ed«in Lindsaur replied that he thought he could ; and, taking a pencil-in each hand, ho drew simultaneously and without hesitation, with the rfght hand the profile of a stag's head and all its antlers complete ; and with the left hand a lovely horse's head. The acts of draughtsmanship were strictly simultaneous, and not alternate, and the drawing by the left J hand was as good as that by the right. ' Daring Mr. B*lfout'd progress through Bilfast, on Eister Tuesday, a man watching the procession was seen by a police inspector putting his band to bis hip pocket. A constable having been promptly set to watch him, succeeded, without attracting general notice, in taking from him a large Colt's revolver. Mr. Balfour's carriage was just passing at the time, and to prevent a disturbance no attempt was made either to arrest the man, who appeared to be stranger in the city, or to obtain his name and address. It has been found that a meteorite which fell in Missouri from the direction of tbe constellation Perseus, contains 25 per ceat. of an unknown metal, which, when examined by the spectroscope, corresponds to the hypothetical element peculiar to the sun which has received the name of helium. Another meteorite which fell in Dikota last August does not, from the analysis just published, seem to contain anything very peculiar. Iron is its chiel constituent, but nickel and cobalt were also found in considerable amount. The late Richard Barton travelled in Afghanistan uoder the disguise of a Mahomedan fakir. He played the role so well that the inhabitants had a favourable idea of his holiness. All the more he was astonished when one evening in a village, where he met with the same flittering reception, the elders recommended him to depart quickly. In answer to a question his friends told him that he was so well liked that the inhabitants contemplated to have his tomb, which tbev considered as a blessing in their village. Burton hastened his departure. At a late meeting of the Royal Botanic Society ot London, among the orchids and other plants in flower shown wsb a specimen of Laportea—the "burning tree" of India; both leaves and stems of this plant are covered with Blinging hairs after the manner of tbe nettle, bat of a far more virulent nature. It is stated that when touched the sensation felt is as of being burnt with red-hot iron, the pain extending over other parts of the body, and lasting for a fortnight. Little or no mark Is to be seen on the skin, but for some time after, should cold water touch the part, the pain returns with all its original intensity. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the London Chronicle reports the burying alive of a peasant in the village of Maruten, in the government of Kalooga. The victim, who was shortly to be married, 1 happened to fall atleep on a stove, the fumes of which partially asphyxiated him, and rendered him unconscious. His relatives, thinking that he was dead, had him buried without delay. Shortly after the funeral some one passing by the cemetery heard sounds proceeding from the newly-made grave. When, after considerable delay, the grave was opened, the Victim was dead, the body presenting a torrible spectacle. Mr. Henry Perigal, FRA.S, who for 40 years has been treasurer of the Royal Meteorogical Society, belongs to a family remarkable for longevity. Mr. Perigal's father, who was 99£ years of age when he died, was one of 13 children, nine of whom attained respectively their 64th, 67th, 77th, 80th, 88 h 90th, 94.b, 97th, and 100th year, tLe last five averaging 93 years 100 days. Their father and mother died in 1824, the former being nearly 90 and the latter upwards of 80 years of sgp. Mr. Henry Perigal was the eldest of six children, one of whom lived to the age of 85, and the youngest Mr. Frederick Perigal, now in his 82ad year, was present at a dinner given by the society to hia brother on his attaining his 92ad birthday. A Paris correspondent writes :—" M. Augjste Vacquerle and M. P&ul; Menrice are hard at work with tbe 400,000 leaves of written matter left by Victor Hugo, and not unfittingly called by the poet "L'Ocean." Tbe work was done during the period of exile at Guernsey, and does not include the papers a'ready published in England. Victor Hugo si ems to have been almost miraculously prolific between 1852 and 1870. He fnquently wrote or revised a whole piece in one day, beginning at 5 o'clock in the morning and working on till lunch. He then took a walk in the country, and composed verse aloud. In the evening he read to hiB friends. M. Auguste V&cquerie; hopes to publish another immense parcel of MSS." Waddesdon, the pictarerque and imposing 16th century French cla.eau with which Baron Ferdinand Rothschild has adorned the Vale of Aylesbury, has already become one of the show places of England. The estate around it is about 3000 acres in extent, and in the space of 12 years these 3000 acres of agricultural land have been converted into a park of r»re beauty and variety of laudEcape. Nothing so extensive in the same way has been carried out In England during the present century. The cost, of course, must have been gigantic, but mere money would have been powerless to produc3 each an effect if it had not been backed by a real eye for the beautiful as well as great energy and skill—for the owner has been hia own landscape gardener. The house itself combines all tbe charm of a last century French interior with the most cultured type of the refined luxury of the present one. The Madagascar Newt tells a strange, bloodcurdling story cf a crocod ile. A young girl had gone one evening to fetch water from a river, when she was caught by a crocodile. Tbe corpse was foand headless the next morning, and the brute, which was discovered not for distant, was surrounded and pierced by spears by about 60 inhabitants of the village when the poor girl lived. The crocodile was cat la t wo, and carried into the middle of the village, where, the be'ly being opened, the head of tha victim was found in it, also various bones of dogs, and a leather wristband which belonged apparently to a former victim of the voracious brute. The two sections of the monster being coupled measured 15ft. 2in. from nose to tail, the diameter at tbe place of the section measuring 2 t. 3in., the whole giving an approximate of 3701b. Tbe corpse of the unfortunate girl was buried next day, oxen were killed, the family and relatives of the dead demonstrating their sorrow by loud shouts and songs, and drinking much strong liquor and coffee. From a study of the skeletons of whales buried in tbe basin cf the Black S?n, tbe Caspian, and the Sea of Ara , M. Van Baneden has arrived at some interestir>£ 1 coi clueiona regarding the physical geography of Europe as late as the Miocene period. A' that epoch it is probable that the whole of Central Earope was traversed by numerous arms of the sea, the Black Ssa reaching to Vienna, L> z, and even to the Like of Constance. The : Bosphorua was formed owing to considerable de- pressions towards the close of the Pliocene or b ginning of tbe Q lariemary period, and permitted the water ot the Mediterranean to pouriato a basin formerly cJnnec'ed with the Arctic Ocean. Then a new series of animal forms gradually dieplcced the s^i cies formerly characteristic of this inland n<-a.' Bat it is evident that the Cispiaa had been separated before the new species had reached so far, for we fiud in it 54 species of fii'jrs which are neither in the Sea of Aral nor the Black Sea, and only six which it has in common with tbe two other inland seaB of which at one time it formed a part. The Queen during her drives in Florence was always preceded by an outrider, while on the box of her Mfj ^sty's carriage rode either the "Highland attendant" or th9 "Highland servant" in full Celtic par\ Then came a carriage in which sat the " Munehi and Indian Secretary " in solitary state, arrayed la a splendid O iental costume, and blr-zmg with gold lace. O i the box of the carriage was one of the Iadian domestic?, and the menial was a ways attired in a sumptuous native dress. The 1 Manshi (H&fiz; Abdul Karim) has fairly puzzled the Florentines of all classes, and also tie Italian Court, for it is reported that after King Humbert's visit to the Qieen at the Villa Palmierl, bis Majesty rrquested Lord Vivian to inform him who the Munsbi is, and «v hat is his exact position in the Household, as the King did not understand why this magnificent and imposing Hindoo should have been formally presented to him. - Tbe popular idea in Italy is that the MunBhi is a captive Indian Prince, who is taken about by the Qieen«B an outward and visible sign of her Majesty's supremacy in the East. A case of considerable importance to the public was decided in the. Mayor's C )urt, before the Recorder of London, on April 25. Mr. Baumann, lately M.P. for Peckham, went into tbe Ritnbow Tavern, in Fleet- street, one day in February, to have lunch. After paying his bill, he asked for his overcoat and umbrella, which were nowhere to be found ; and Mt. Baumann had to return to his chambers under the shelter of a cotton umbrella lent to him by the manager. Mr. Baumann brought an action for £7 13s. 6d., being the-value of his "goods and chattels," and the jury in the City gave him a verdict with costs. The Innkeepers Act does not apply, as a restaurant is not an inn ; but in answer to tbe questions left to it by the learned Jadge, the jury found that the . defendant undertook to take care of the plaintiff's properly, and that he invited the plaintiff to use the coat-pegs and umbrella-t-tand supplied, and that due and proper care had not been taken by the defendant. The plaintiff conducted his case in person, and the Recorder observed that he did not lose anything by doing eo. The following story was told in a recent number of Gat sell's Saturday Journal by a sleep walker :—Oae night 1 left the house, asleep of course, without disturbing anyone, and made my way to a summer-bous , a place I visited so often in my sleep that It r wus always the first to be searched whenever I was missed. It appears that at the time I reached the doorway of the summer-house, from which. I could easily overlook the road on which a garden abutted, a terrible tragedy wasaboutto be enacted. The houee nearest ou.s was occupied by an old maiden lady and her nephew. On this particular night the nephew had been to a party at eome distance, returning toward home between 2 and 3 o'clock ia the morning —just at the time I was taking my walk abroad. As he reached the roadway at the end of the garden, he was set upon by two ruffians, and after a severe struggle was overpowered. The robbers, for such they were, were about to rifle the young man's pockets when I reached the end of the garden. Owing to the white dressing-grown, and the pale, mild light of the moon shining on me, I suppose they believed I was a ghost or eomelhing (qually uncanny. Anyhow, my parents say that when they arrived on the spot—having missed me and at once started in search—the two men were Lurrying away, casting terrorstricken glances behind them. The young man, although seriously injured, eventually recovered, and now Bays he owes his life to me. The curious part of the matter is that, although I was, when discovered, leaning over the wall, apparently looking at tbe ixjared man, I had not the slightest recollection of tbe affoir|on awakening. 