A Commonplace Daughter. [For the MIner.] CHAPTER XVI.—(Continued.) With next morning's sunshine and duties the story of Master Mark's ghost vanished from Matilda's more practical brain. Emma dared not mention it any time when they might be interrupted. In the evening both the maids had been set by Nurse to hem dusters, for after last night's experience she was determined not to allow them to waste precious time in idle talk; she herself was engaged ironing some frills for Mrs. Graham's caps when Ella entered the kitchen with a note for Matilda to take to Miss Hedley. When the girl had gone Ella stood talking to the tried old friend, and watching the dexterous way in which she handled her iron. Matilda had only been gone a few moments when the door flew open again with a bang, and she came tumbling in, looking white and terrified out of her wits. Nurse jumped at the noise and bang went her iron upon the floor, smashing it and scattering the hot cinders. Ella, too startled to speak, gazed from the frightened, shivering maid to Emma, who also began to shake and grow pale. Vexed at the mishap to her favorite iron, Nurse turned sharply on Matilda— "Bless my heart, girl! Whatever is the matter with you, banging about like that ? Can't you speak ? Come, what is the matter? Don't you see Miss Ella wants to know why you are making such a to do?" "I beg you pardon, Miss Hella, I didn't mean no harm, but—oh, lor ! " She was seized with such a violent fit of shivering that Nurse, alarmed at last, rushed to her assistance, placing her in a chair by the fire and trying various means to restore her equi- librium. "Come now, Emma, you needn't take on because Matilda has been upset," she said sharply to the other, who, hardly less pale than the shivering Matilda, stood idly gaping; " you go and clear up those ashes and the iron. See you don't make any dust about them frills. Matilda will tell us in a minute what ails her, Miss Ella—eh, Matilda?" . "Yes, Matilda, what is it? Has any naughty boy frightened you ? '' "N-o-o, Miss, it warn't n-o b-o-y, " gasped Matilda. " Was it a man, then ? " said Nurse. "No it was not a body, it was—oh, lor ! " and she was off again. In spite of herself Ella could hardly keep from laughing—it looked so ridiculous. However, Nurse grew thoroughly angry, scolding, so that Emma came to the rescue, saying she could tell what was amiss. So with many breaks and beggings of pardon the story was told. Ella could hardly believe her ears as it proceeded. Nurse, at the end, regu- larly shook Matilda, asking how she dare pretend she had seen such things. This brought the girl to herself. She stuck positively to her story, saying she had just reached the lodge when "it" appeared, clothed as Emma described; that "it" had stretched out a gaunt arm to her, too ; but this time came the words " I want you." The idea of being '' wanted " by a ghost was too appalling, and proved too much for her usually strong nerves Without waiting for more, she turned and fled, with the result known. As these further particulars were given, a light broke in upon Ella's distressed mind. Turning to the old servant, she said— " Come with me, Nursey, we will explore this. These stupid girls must be shown their mistake." The old woman for a moment held back—she professed to be a thorough unbeliever in ghosts, yet she had no love for hunting them up. However, as her young mistress was determined to go, she followed obediently, in spite of the beseeching of the maids. The moon was shining brilliantly, and almost every stick and stone could be discerned about the garden. The two explorers skirted the shrubbery, rounded the house, and saw the lodge before them— almost completely wrapped in the shade of the surround- ing trees. Notwithstanding her courageous exterior, Ella found her heart beat more and more violently as each step brought her nearer the dread spot. But it was not from fear of the spirit of dear little Mark—it was from fear that a wild hope which had arisen in her heart might have no foundation in fact. Suddenly Nurse grasped her arm, and shivering in her turn, pointed to the lodge, now only a few yards distant. " Miss Ella," she whispered hoarsely, " let us go back, 'there is something there." For answer her companion pressed on, and soon, to her great alarm, rushed towards the mysterious "something." Then came a glad cry for " Nurse." The old woman, wondering what it all meant, hastened up, and was greeted with— "Nurse, dear, it is Rob ! I thought it must be—poor old darling ! What is it then, Rob?" she asked soothingly, as the boy pulled her away from Nurse. " Ella, what will they do to me ?" . " What will they do to you; Rob ?" " Yes, for killing Mark ? Oh, Ella, don't let them take me ! You won't, will you?" Oh, my boy—my dear old boy ! Was it that you were afraid of ? If you only knew how we have hunted for. you. How we have longed for you !" she cried, clasping him in her. arms. He laid his bead upon her shoulder, and flinging his arms round her neck, sobbed for very joy for being once more at home. It would be im- possible to describe the joy in the house when the lost was found again. The cause of his disappearance was forgotten for the moment in the joy of having him once more amongst them. The mother clung to her favorite as if she would never let him go from her sight again. She made them bring re- freshment for him into her room, watching with tearful eyes as he almost greedily devoured what was placed before him. Then when he had finished she drew him to her, and with his head resting on her pillows, he told his story. The others left the boy with his father and mother, being willing to wait to hear the particulars of his wanderings further on. These were not many. Frightened at the result of his prank, also at his father's words, and not knowing what the consequences might be, he had resolved to fly. After a weary pilgrimage he reached a port, and tried to obtain em- ployment on a vessel outward bound. However, all the captains to whom he spoke seemed to consider him a run- away, and advised him to go back to his people. He had hung about the port hoping something would turn up for him, until at last people began to look upon him with suspicion, so he gave it up as hopeless, and after another time of wandering, he deter- mined to come home. Afraid of what might still be in store, he had taken refuge in the lodge for the last two days, hoping to obtain the information he desired, and so was discovered. As the father and mother looked upon the boy, listening to his account of work- ing for a meal at one time, at another gaining a few pence and making it last a wonderful time considering his voracious appetite—as he told them of the nights he spent in the open air or in corners, the description of which made them shiver with horror —they wisely felt he had suffered enough, No word of rebuke crossed their lips, and the poor, tired, ragged little wan- derer wondered how he could have dreaded coming home, but, more than all, how he could have left such a home. For a short time after Rob's return the household lived in a state of con- tinual excitement, but in a few days this wore off and things went on as usual. In the days of their double sorrow Madge had felt little inclination to speak of the happy time she had enjoyed at Stanleigh, and no one had pressed her with questions. Now that all was going on as of yore—except that little Mark, with his solemn but winsome little face, was missed at every turn—she began to talk of the happy weeks. Ella's many questions re- ceived copious answers, and Mrs. Graham was never tired pf hearing her daughter sing the praises of her own old home. But both noticed that the last evening was never mentioned—the one of the Spencers' ball, from which the vicar had summoned her. Both con- cluded that the thought of what had been happening at home while she was so differently engaged was as yet too painful, so forbore asking any question in allusion to it. Sir John and his wife had written often and most kindly during the time of sorrow and anxiety —the former still keeping his intention of coming before long to visit his rela- tives. Madge took up her duties again cheerfully, but Ella, having proved her capabilities, had now a voice in the government. The latter felt most keenly the gap in the schoolroom where the little brother had been. The little fellow's death made an alteration in all —especially in Fan and Rob—while even Jack seemed to have lost some- thing of his usually high spirits. Madge and Ella often sighed as they noticed how quickly the two elder boys were growing up, taking a man's care upon themselves. It seemed sad that they should so soon have to learn so much of the troubles of the world instead of a lengthened happy time of boyhood that they should so soon have to think of putting their shoulders to the wheel. (To be continued.) [Commenced in the " Miner" or, Saturday? July 8.]' 