PRETTY DAFFODIL’S PINKERTON LOVER, OR BLACK DONALD’S REVENGE. A ROMANCE OF THE STRIKE AT HOMESTEAD. • CHAPTER X BY EMMA GARRISON JONES. “Father, father, how- long will this go on?” The speaker was Lottie Leith, the sweet face white with' terror, her dove eyes dis- 'tended, her lips pallid and tremulous. For the third time since the great whistle had heralded the coming of the Pinkertons, the distracted girl had made her way to her /other's side. She bod no difficulty in finding him, ho was always at the front, whore the -danger was greatest. and the fire of the enemy most severe. , That was the way with honest Tom Leith, as his neighbors called him. . If a haw task wore to bo done, bis strong hands were always ready, a. danger . to face, ho was on the spot Lottie found him at bis post gun in hand. “Here again, little one?” he said, a smile softening ms rugged face, “ didn't I toll yon to stay at homer , “ Yos, father, bat I am so anxious I can’t bear the suspense. Father,' how .long will this go on?” “Till the Pinkertons out yonder in the barges, come to terms.” “But,' father, Jock may bo out there- and and, ob, father, father, what if you were to shoot him?” The girl’s voice was shrill with agony. Her father laughed os he pat aside her \- clinging hands. “Tut, tut, .girl, I’m ashamed of you j don’t forgot you’re, a striker’s daughter and expect to ho . a striker’s wife one of these days. Jack. Lomax ain’t no fool; if ho is out , yonder: ob ho will manage to take care bflar&Borf;,.you may be certain of that, so get. book to the cottage, little one, and look after things there. Wo don’t want pur women folks mixed np in this sort of busi , ness.”' - - . ■ I.', you.may get hurt” •. “ ’Twont bo tho first time I over got a scratch.' If anything happens send you word. .Go, I-say, little one.’” ■ ‘lAnd if there’s any news of Jack, father?” " “ Yousball know,”-- • . Lettie turned ' slowlyaway; and the oid : striker went, back to his post - “Idon’tbeliove in war and bloodshed,” he had said'at the outset, “bat since we’ve been dragged into-it, Ttn hot the man to hide .behind some other follow’s ,hack while-ho does the shooting. ,1 intend to blaze .away until, the last Pinkerton goes' under,” and ho kept bU word,' ■ Lottie heard the guns pouting out their rattling volleys, and the artillery thundering from (ho hills, os she struggled through the noisy crowd on her homeward way, Mow and (hen the wails of bereaved -, women filled the air—blood had been shed ; men who wore strong and fall of life, when the hoarse cry of the warning whistle startled Homestead to its feet now lay bleeding and dying . on the sands. On the barges, top, the sacrifice of human life had been .terrible. Man after man had fallen and been borne back (o the shelter of the cabin.' -The very water of the river seemed to ran red with human blood. A cry of terrible agony, sprang from the poor girl’s lips. Where was Jack, her lover, . her betrothed husband, the idol of her heart? Out there in one of those coffin- liko barges,, unable to escape, held at bay, like a mid beast), by his own comrades. -The thought was more than she could boar. The poor child pressed her hands to - her throbbing temples, With a bitter ciy. What shall I do? Oh, God help me, what shall I do. Wbat have wo over done here in happy, little Homestead that a calamity like this should come upon us? Pity and save us, ob, God; in Thy loviug kindness, pity and save.us. , , - The streets of .the town looked' lonesome and .deserted; the doors and windows-of the pretty cottage homes were dosed, and on the hills stood the great steel works, grim, inexorable, and unyielding as fate, itself. “Ah, Heaven,” thought Lettie, {pausing a moment for breath, “something or somebody must bo terribly wrong. Why _ couldn’t the trouble bo peaceably settled? Why couldn’t somobo'dy give way rather than bring all this death and suffering upon ’noocent people?” No answer was 'vouchsafed to this momentous question, but just then a mourn > ful procession came filing by the street.' Four men bearing a dead man on a stretcher, and following them a woman, with torn garments and streaming gray hair. “Curse them,” she was crying in a wild, hoarse voice, her haggard face uplifted to- Heavon, her thin hands boating (be air. “Curse the men who brought this trouble upon Homestead. May the curse o’ God fall upon ’em They’ve billed my boy; there he lies. I’m a widow, and ho was., all ~I bad to look to for support and comfort, all I bod to love. They’ve killed Him. They shot him down like a dog. May the curse o’ God'rcst upon’em, I say.” . Lettie started on, shocked and terrified, but her way was again obstructed) Following the first sad procession came another even more pitiful to behold. A man in tbo prime of life, strong, stal wart, rugged and unyielding as. the iron of bis nativeJjills; a moment before full of life and . hope) now lying 'stark and stiff with a bullet to his' heart, and 'followed to his desolate home.by bis bereaved, opd half a dozen helpless children. . “ Vengeamco, , the woman wns crying , in ~ herterrible grief. „ “ God’s vengeance on tfie oitfrderers of my husbdnV, He was a peaceable'-" Christian man, never lifted his hand ag’in his foller-znan. and had no more to do with all this trouble -than a babe unborn, yet (here bo lies, shot down like a dog, and the bread tuk out o’ my children's months. Vengeance, I say,. Vengeance from Heaven on them that, killed him I” . . - ..Her voice .arose to. a loud, wailing cry, and she tore at her gray hair with frantic hands. “Oh, I can’t stand . ibis I” cried Lettie, patting her fingers'in'-her ears. “Oh, poor people, may God pity them I” And she turned into a by-street, and at last reached her cottage home.' How silent and desolate it looked. The very flowers in the, pretty front yard seemed to. hang their hoods, and the canaries, Jack’s gift, hanging in their pretty gilded, cage outside the parlor window, sat silent on their singing roost There seemed to bo noth ing but desolation' and death in the ones thriving, happy, little borough. Lettie opened the cottage door and entered. Not a sound greeted her. Even her pet tabby bad deserted her favorite cushion, and the little cottage piano stood open, os she bad loft it the previous night-nil its music bushed. A strange' premonition of. coming trouble seized upon the unhappy girl with the force of a'nightmare. She looked about her with dilating eyes. Something terrible was about to happen. She felt it in her very bones, so' to speak. After wandering about the lower port of tbo bouse-in an aimless, miserable way Lottie went up-slaiis and instinctively sought the chamber in which her bridal finery lay folded away. She tip-toed across (ho room as'., if it ware a death-chamber and raising the lid of. the groat oaken chest gazed • down at her pretty treasures through fast-gathering tears. The bridal robe,the dainty sHppcrs t lbo cloud - like veil and sweet, white prange-bloaoros which she might never wear. The words of ah old -song she bad heard her' grandmother sing when she was a little tot in pinafores flashed through her mind ; “ Yes ter night the moon shone bright, And a whippoorwill sung in the .willow-- tree, The old church windows were alljilight, And the priest at the altar a-waiting for mo—. , For ma who a happy brido was to he, But my lover came not o’er the dark, wjjdr . ' sea. ./>& “In a cedar chest, with rose leaves fai And sweet, .sweet lavender blooms Lies an orange wreath for my yellow hair.a. And a silken robe with a boar-frost For me, who a happy bride was'to bo, But mylover came not o’er the dark, wild* l sea) “Alas, alas I the days .go by, The whippoorwill sings in the willow-tree.' I wait ana wonder, and weep and sigh— ‘My own true lovp, oh, oomo back to mo I’ Bat bo bomdth not o’er the dark, wild sea, And a happy bride 1 ne’er shall bo,” j With the said retain - of the old song—“ A happy brido I ne’er shall bv"—ringing in her cars, Lettfo shut down down the heavy lid of the old chest and turned to the window, her hands extended and a cry of passionate. pain on her lips* ? “Ob, Jack, where are' you? Why , dqn’t you come book to mo? I can’t endure this suspense. Oh, Jack, if I don't hoar from yoa 1 shall die-I shall die !” A.sudden crash at' the window, os if Borneo hard missile' had been, thrown against /ft,' startled (he girl almost, but of her senses. / She turned quickly, but there was notoib'g\ to be soon. Trembling* and -nervous, fiber ’started to leave the room, but before she reached (ho door, crash 1 came the mysterious sound again. Clinging to. the window,or flattened against, the glass, rather, was a silver-white object, ■ with bright eyes and flattering * ■ For the first moment, in her torrorand' bewilderment, the foolish girl honestly believed that her lover was dead, and this fluttering thing outride, the window was his’ disembodied spirit. . She stood trembling, almost fainting,for an instant, then, as ,the fluttering creature beat its wings against the glass again and gave utterance to a piteous cry,, she rushed to the window and throw up the sash. The bird fluttered in with a second cry, and took, refuge in her fbosotn, staining her dross and oven her bare throat .with & gash of warm, red blood. “Ob. she cried, “it is a pigeon, and it has boon shot. Not even a pigeon can escape death in Homestead torday. Poor bird, it is dying.” The pigeon fluttered convulsively, uttered a shrill cry, and slipping from Lottie’s hands, fell dead at her feet, its silver-white feathers dll stained with blood.' She stooped and picked it up, with a sobbing cry of pain and terror. “Another omen,” she said, “something is wrong, something bos happened to Jack.” While yet the words were on her lips something beneath the dead bird’s wing attracted her attention. It was a liny tablet, fastened by a bit of string. Lettie removed it with trembling fingers and read the following lines ': / “ Wounded and dying in the bonds of the enemy.” “Jack." CHAPTER XL Daffodil Lomax, looking white and wan as a graveyard ghost, stood face to face with her disguised lover. V Dolly Burns, divining* tho situation, had discreetly withdrawn, leaving - the two together. “Two’s company, but a third party’s a nuisiyice in a'Case like this. I’ll take myself off,” she said, w-ith a gay : “lf I con do anything for you, however,, or help you in'any way, or forward your plans, please remember I’m yours • to command. You’ll find mo out in the park yonder, . under that clump of oak-trees. I’vo boen ou the go since four o’oleok, so I’ll sit. down and got my breath a bit, while you two come to an understanding. Good morning! Don’t forget now, if'you need me, I shall bo within sound of your voice, and you may trust mo to do what I can.”" Dolly took herself off; and Daffodil, white and trembling, turned, andfaoed hor mysteri ous lover. “ Well,” she said, in a faltering voice, her pale lips quivering like a child’s, “you sent for me. 1 have come; and here is the ring Her lover came nearer, his eyes gleaming beneath his heavy brows. “ You promised not to remove the ring from your finger,” be said. “Yes, but I was obliged to break that promise. ” “ Why were you obliged to break it?” “ No matter; 1 would rather not explain ; and since I’vo.got the ring back again, there’s, no need. Now what aro you going to do?” First of all, to return this nog to your finger.” ' He took her passive band as bo spoke and ■lipped tho ring on her finger. “It is too large,” said Daffodil, with a faint smile. “ I’ve been ill, and my hands' have gone away to nothing*” “Poor little bands!” said her lover, lifting the white fingers ho still held to his lips, “they have grown slender; but, never mind, it won’t bo Jong before this ring is changed for a wedding-ring, and wo’U try to have that lit bettor.” \- Daffodil shivered and drew away hor hand. At that moment a great oommotion shook tho town to its very centre. The roar of artillery from tho hills above the river, followed by. Iho responding guns, and* tho peculiar sound of exploding dyna mite. •The battle between tho lockod-out men and the Pinkertons was still going on in deep earnest. “Ob,*' cried Daffodil, wringing her hands; “listen, listen, they are killing each other, and my. brother and father aro both in tho fight, -You., promised to prevent all this trouble And bloodshed,” she added reproach fully, “but you failed to keep your word.” “You failed to keep yours first; if you had come,to mo at daybreak, with the ring on your linger all this might have been pre vented.” Daffodil looked at the speaker with wistful, questioning eyes. “Are you tolling the truth?” ho said . Ho bowed bis head, bis white board sweep* ing his breast, bis eyes gloaming beneath his shaggy brows. . “Why should I toll you an untruth?” he said, seizing her hand and drawing it beneath bis arm. .“ Why can’t you learn to (rust rao? Como, now. it is never too late to do good. Your brother and father are out yonder in the fight, you say, and you want to save them.” “ Yes, yes; I am willing to lay down my lift) for tboiv sakes 1” “There’s no,need to do that, sweetheart. Your life belongs to rao, and I shan’t let you lay it down..for . anybody’s sake, bat liston now, a word , from mo can put an end to all tbis war and bloodshed. ” . . “Ob; won't you speak that w3riL . Won’t you save iho people of and ruin?” , NV,v-\ “That* is for you to say,-7 dear'll tile gin.” r t “What am I to soy? What.do? Haven’t 1 told you I am .dowD my life?” . Daffodil’s lips quivered'Wfth'-exriwmont as she spoke, a wild rose flush boomed on hor wan cheeks, and her-eyes shone like stars.* Her mysterious lover watched hor with undisguised; admiration. “She’s the sweetest, simplest little soul God over made,” be said under bis breath, “and as beautiful as>an angel. It seems too bad to deceive her,' but it can’t bo helped. I don’t intend to let the pretty little saint slip through my fingers, and go back to that black-browed striker, and tho only way is to secure her “while l have o chance. I’m dead in love with*tho pretty, blue-eyed witch, and besides, I hope through her to bring some of those hard-hearted raillmen to terms, or the -whole of ’em, maybe for they’re just like a flock of sheep jumping over a fence. If tho bell-wether takes a notion to go over, the rest are sure to follow. If, through tho influence of my prettv Daffodil 1 can induce Dan Lomax, and maybe that ferocious-looking giant, Block Donald, to came to terms I shall bo sure of tho root. So here goes. I’ll secure my pretty bird while there’s a chance, and when she finds bor/olf in a gilded oigo. surrounded by all the flash and glitter, that women love, she’ll bo willing enough to forget and forgive the post,” This characteristic soliloquy occupied but o single moment of the so-called Harold Huntingdon’s time; with bis next breath ho turned to the trembling girl at his side. “There’s no need to lay down your life, pretty one,” he said. “What I ask you to do is to give it to'mo. 1 think you understand how much I love you. _ Well, 1 wont you for my own, dear little wife. Hitherto you bavo turned a deaf car to my pleadings, but now if you want mo to use my influence in bring ing tbis foolish riot to an end, you mast give mo tho dosiro of my heart. I have a carnage waiting, so come with mo, sweetheart, and before tho sun sets you shall; bo my dear little wife. ” Daffodil, drew back, - with whitening lips and dilating eyes. “No—no,” she cried, in a faltering voice. “ I can’t—l can’t Don’t ask mo to do that 1” “ Why not, pretty one?” . , . “ Because it would bo wicked. It would kill my father and mother. Oh, don’t ask mo to do that, don’t ask mo to. do that ” shrugged his shapely shoulders rihermath' coat.' sweetheart,” ho replied; “but fair play you know. If I mu&o;?t, r go with mo aud .be my jW'raasjtiiJtmsk mo to put an end to nil Jiius .lf your fatnor falls by a or ypur brother goes down Mshdif oro fired, remember, the fault isn’t mine.” , Poor,'silly Daffodil, brought hor thin bands together with a shrill cry. “Ob, don't, plooso, don’t, I can’t boar it. Mark 1 there go tho guns again just like thunder, Oh, my God ! father’s bat there and Jack, and they may both, bo killed, and then my poor mother’s heart will break. Yes, yes, I’ll go with' you, I'll do anything to save my dear father and Jack.” “Spoken like a ; sensible girl,’’ said her lover, taking her.band and drawing it within his arm. “Wo’U ge at’once. My sweet Daffodil, you shall never regret Ibis stop. ” . “ But will you' keep your word?” the girl demanded, .turning on him with flashing dyes. “ Will you save my father and Jack? \feRV-'7op*>£at an end to all this trouble? • B Wear yti rndjEbaVyou will. Swear, I say." V “ I to do what I; con. " / i'Qomo on, Ihen^ there's nob a moment to logo,said n a choked voice. And" they iphssefl^frhm beneath the shadows sholtcring<rnaple trees and went down ;the deserted in arm. the open square Dolly Burns arose from- a rustic seat beneath the clump of'oaks and hastened toward them. (< So you’re oil at lost!” she cried; waving her band. <( I bid you Godspeed.' Tou. may trust-, mo .to make it all right with your people, Daffodil, and whenever you care to near from Homestead all you’ve got to do is to drop me a lino, and you’ll get an answer. Good-bye.’’ .< \- -Daffodil waved'her hand in answer, but she could not speak for tears. A few yards distant, at the corner of Liberty and Malvern street, a carriage stood waiting. At a signal from the old man in Rip Van Winkle disguise, the driver Jumped down from bis box and threw open the carriage door. « Here we are, sweetheart, let me help you in." Daffodil turned her sad, white face toward the home she was leaving, : perhaps, forever, with a piteous ory of anguish. 'For an interval tho guns bad ceased to roar, and there was .silence on the: river, the Pinkertons: being hidden in the cabins ot tueir' barges, and tho looked oat men resting on their arms behind a stronghold of steel rails. For a time, Homestead was quiet, no signs of a riot, in the streets, no sound of angry voices on tho air. Daffodil looked about her for a moment, her blue eyes drowned in tears. “ Good-bye, father! good-bye, mother I good-bye, Donald I" -■ Tho words died away in a sob, and pretty Daffodil dropped down liko a blighted lily at her lover’s feet. u Hello, she’s fainted. Lend a hand- here, Jim.” . - The driver was.on the.spot in a (winkling, and between them they raised tho unobnscious girl and 'placed her in tho carriage. Her disguised lover jumped in beside her, and the vehicle rattled away over the stony streets. Dolly Barns watched the carriage unfit it was quite out of sight, then she clapped her bands together with a sharp report. “Thank Heaven!” she cried .exultantly, “she’s out of my way at last !” CHAPTER XII. The day on which the Pinkertons landed, or attempted to land, . rather,, will be long remembered in Homestead. It will stand as a block letter date on the' calender of overy household, to ho pointed out and talked of, and lived over for many years to oomo. The noon bolls had rung, and the town clock was nearing, the stroke of one, when Mrs. Lomax at last found her husband. Since the gray of early dawn, tho wretched woman had been running hither and thither like one distracted, seeking in j vain, for ,some tidings of her lost child, and at last sho found her self face to face with her husband. Weary, battleworo, a bullet-hole through his hat; his left arm hanging powerless at bis . side, but not one whit loss determined than when be wont rowing up tho river at early dawn to spot the Pinkerton barges. His wife caught sight of him during a cessation of hostilities, and flew to his side. “ Ob, husband, husband!” she gasped, “ our child, our child!” The master .workman put his right arm about bis wife and drew her close to his heart. “ Poor wife! ’ ho said tenderly; “ this has boon a trying day, I know, but you must keep up a bravo heart Remember baby, but a strong, stout fellow.” “But, Dan,” tbo poor mother interrupted, “I’m not talking about J&ok.; Daffodil’s gone, and I can’t find a trace of her any where.” Tbo striker’s powder-blackened face grew i pale. “Daffodil’s gone? Wife, are you out of your senses ?’’ “No, Dan, but I will bo soon unless some thing is done. Think of our poor, frail littlo girl wandering about tho streets, and out of her bead, too. Oh, Dan; Dan, what shall wo do?”' Her husband took hold of her wrist |and hold it in a grip like steel. “Look hero, wifoj’ 1 ho said, bis voice hoarse, his bearded lips quivering; 1 can't understand. Bogin at the beginning and tell mo tho whole story. Don’t get excited now.' 1 “I’ll try not, Dan, At half-past throo this morning, after you left tho house, I wont, to Daffodil’s room and she was sound asleep. I kissed her and lay down on tho couch in the next room and soon fell asleep myself. The sound of the millwbistlo awoke me. I jumped up and found that my child was gone.” “And has she been gone over since?" “ Ever since husband, and all our efforts to find her have been in vain. • Tbo poor mother spoke with forced calm ness, but her face was white as death. The master workman stood . silent a moment, a curious expression creeping over bis rugged face. A moment later be ground out an awful oath between his shut t otb, bringing bis horny bands together at tho same moment with the report of a pistol, “£)h ; D.m, what is it?” cried his wife, regarding him with a terrified gaze. “Never mind, wife, don’t ask mo now, it may ho all nonsense. 1 hope to God it is, bub I board a bint dropped to-day, there mayn’t bo a grain of truth in it, but if it turns out that there is tbore’ll be murder, that’s all." # “Oh, husband, what do you moan?” “Nothing, nothing, only the little one’s gone and we’ve got to find her, that’s all, wife. Ah I here comes Donald Bayne, the very chop I want to see. ” Mrs. Lomax darted forward and caught tbo young striker by tho arm. “ Ob, Donald, Donald, have you found my child?” Then sho stopped short, her terrified eyes fastened upon the young man’s face. Something sho saw there struck a chill of awful (error to her very soul. “Oh, Donald,” sho whispered, “what is it? Wlnt has happened? Is my child dead?" “No, no, rhaven’t hoard anything, don’t get oteiled, Mrs. Lomax. Daffodil isn’t dead.”. “No, indeed, 1 parted"with her in excellent health and spirits just three hours since,” spoke a voice at her very elbow, and turning swiftly, Mrs. Lomax found herself face to faoo with Dolly Burns. It is remarkable how soon a wiokod inten tion or a determination, rather, to do an evil thing changes tho whole expression of tho human face. Hitherto, Dolly Burns may have boon looked upon as being a triflo pronounced in hor manners,but nobody would have dreamed of calling her a wiokod girl. Now,' however, as Mrs. Lomax turned and looked at her, there was an expression in tho girl’s f-ico that rondo tho lady shudder and ! draw back. Dolly oahio olosor, however, a laughing, dare-devil light in her black eyes. “Don’t fret about Daffodil, Mrs. Lomax,” sho said, tossing her head and glancing over hor shoulder at Donald Bayuo. “Sbo’s all right. She gave mo a dozen messages of love for you all, and told mo to say that you must make op your mind to forgive hor," „ “Forgive her for what?” “ Why, don’t you knew?. I was suro you did." Sho smiled this time, showing all hor shining, whito teolh. Donald Bayno watched hor intently, but he did not utter a syllable, or oven by a glance betray tho storm of pain and passion raging in bis soul. Dan Lomax wont to tho girl’s side and laid a heavy hand on hor shoulder. “See hero, Dolly,” lib said In a stern voice, “if you know anything about Daffodil, out with it at ohoo. Can you toll us what has become of her?" “ Why, to be suro-1 can,” answered Dolly promptly; “ sho eloped at an early hour this morning with her Pinkerton lover.” There was dead silence for a moment, then Dan Lomax raised his clenched fist. “ It’s a. lie 1” ho' said hoarsely. My girl would scorn to do a thing liko that. It’s a l»<v l sayl” . Dollv Burns laughed in his faoo. “It’s the truth,” sho answered boldly. “You know it is, and eo docs Donald Bayno, Yoiir girl wasn’t any hotter than other girls, it Booms.. She’s boon mooting hor Pinkerton lover in secret over since sho oamo back from Chicago. 1 told Mrs. Lomax as much at - the last meeting of tho Daffodil Club,' but sho wouldn’t believe mo. Well, this Is the end of tho romance; Daffodil’s gono with iher Pinkerton lover, and when you soo tho dear littlo soul again, sho’ll bo Mrs. Harold Huntingdon.. Quito a high-sounding name, Isn’t it? You mustn’t bo hard on hor, Mrs. Lomax—sho sent her. lovo to you all and hoped you would forgive hor, and I’m suro you will. I bid you good evening. Good bye, Donald,” ond-with,a.stnilo and a shrug I and a toss of her head, that sot hor immense I oar-ringi, all. aglitter, Doily Barns went her 1 way. (to br oonwn oei).-) 