Horseracing. On the second day of Bockhampton Tatter sail's meeting First Demon won the second leg of the double from Lucky Boy, a son of gouvenir—Lucky Athol, who lias been gradu ally running into form of late, and working his Way up the ladder. Luckstone, another sou of fionvenir, won his third recc during the meet frig: Talkative failed to score at all, thongh he Iran three times, hut may do better {may have jflone better by this time) at Barcaldme on the 13th and 14th. The following is a copy of the objection lodged by Major George with the Canterbury STockey Club against the Challenge Stakes going to D. O'Brien's Loyalty: "It having pome to my notice that at the time oftherace the horse Lovalty was disqualified from competing for the Challenge Stakes, I, as the owner of The Workman, who ran second, claim from you first money, and object to your paying, or Shaving paid the same to the owner of Loyalty. I understand that the owner of Loyalty was on the forfeit list at the time of the race, and I Imperially base my claim to the stakes on this ground, under the rule. Ah required by rule 185, I enclose £2. At the same time I request rou will be good enough to give this matter your careful and immediate consideration, with p view to paying me the stakes, which under the circumstances I believe I fairly won.'Y; Some weeks ago I reported the sale of the steeplechaser Blister for 124 guineas. The Horse has not been long renuving his owner the outlay, for he won the Steeplechase at Sfentone (Victoria), last week. The smart Archie filly, Kitty O'Shca, who ywept the board at Toowcrinba last Christmas, and ran second to Bosy Dawn for the Slxad hroke Handicap in May, giving the winner her year and some pounds weight, is for sale, as Her owner is giving up racing. Kitty has heen enjoying a spell since the Toowoomba kaces, and is just in nice trim for going into vorkfor the spring meeting?. Bosy Dawn and Kildare did not acquit themselves so well at the Havkesbnry meeting fLB they did at Bandwick the previous week, Slid so far, Stone's campaign in New South wales can scarcely have l>o?u remunerative, if lie has contented himself with backing his own horses. The A. J.C. spring meeting begins on Satur day next, when the principal events for de cision are the following, for winch we give the acceptances and weights:— Epson Handicap, 1,000 tors.: I mil*. at lb rt lb Snngebak . ,, 9 9 Belgioruo .. 7 10 Paris .. 9 G Birinji.. 7 8 Sundial .. 8 12 Panoply 7 8 procldeigh .. 8 10 Elymas 7 6 ' Chatham ., 8 8 Melinite 7 6 Oxide ., .. 8 8 Lady Trenton 7 4 Sanation .. Little Bernie.. 8 8 Chand Bee Bee 7 2 8 G Becovery 7 0 Impulse ., 8 G Kookaburra .. 6 12 Jjannceston Whakawatea.. 8 G Emiu.Pasha .. G 12 8 6 Bliss 6 12 g.K. .. 8 4 Blue Blood ,. 6 11 Bnoclench 8 4 Cannon G 11 Vttcr (10-lb.p.) 8 4 Lullaby 6 10 Alchemist 8 o Budgeree 6 10 Alexander ., 8 2 La Pcronse ,, 6 10 Sainloin ., 8 2 Melodia. . 6 9 San O'Connor 8 2 Formality , .. G 8 Shamrock . 8 0 Gala' .. G 7 "Warpaint ,. 8 0 Cameline 6 7 Hurrah ., 7 12 Pearl Powder,. 6 7 MQetos .. 7 12 'i Speejg Stakes, w.f.a., H mile. Stepmak Camoola .. 9 0 Loyalty ..'7 5 Becovery ., 7 6 Projectile ..75 Pulvil.. 7 5 Mahee., 7 Salutation .. 7 A.J.C. Derby, ljmile. (The following include the probable starters.) Solanum Tivoli Fharamond Projectile Thespian Trentola La Reroute Pulvil Delaware Trenchant Pounamon Panoply Colossus (Beiyl colt) The order of running will be—starting at I o'clock—as under:— Hurdle Race, 2J miles. Triid States, special w.f.a., lj- mile. Derby States, l-i mile. Epsom Handicap, 1 mile. Spring Stakes, 1$ mile, w.f.a. Kensington. Handicap, 1 mile. "With Tuesday's racing we shall have an op portunity of dealing on Monday next. These are no Queensland representatives j among the 29 {mostly duffers) nominated for I the Hurdle Handicap. The best at the weights j may be Hilma, Vesphane, Escort, Barzan, I Albeit, and Anarrow, and the situations may | be bestowed on Escort, Vesphane, and Anar row. It i3 hard to say what will start for the Trial, but, with a run. commend me to Pulvil or | Solanum, failing them, to Tomeraire and Trenchant. It is not at all likely that- all tlie thirteen horses given above as "including tho probable j starters" for the Derby, will go to the post, and it is likely enough that one or two (or more) not named' hero may face Mr. "Watson ; but ] I think the names include the winner, no matter what else goes down to the start. Oa form, perhaps, the beat to follow is Projectile. With regard to Pulvil it is not easy, without having seen the race he won the other day, to estimate tlie value of the victory, for though he carried. 8 st. 7 lbs ! and won easily enough, the company - was very Lad ; he was handicapped at 2 at. less than Barnaby Budge (10 et. 7 lbs.), and there was not a horse handicapped below his own j weight—8 st. 7 lbs.—mnch that was above ! hackney form, unless it were Ophir, Actress, and' Brightlight, and the trio are no great i shakes. j Solanum'a performance deserves to be rated j as highly as Pulvil's, even though his win was I only obtained by the disqualification of the first- horse. He was handicapped to receive only 11 lbs. from Barnaby Budge, and Mr. Scarr therefore rated bun higher than Pulvil. Panoply allowed good form last season, and Pharamond ran well over 1 mile and 3 furlongs, on Saturday; so well that, in an indifferent field, ns we may reckon it for this year's Derby, he may run very promiuently. Dela ware may be dangerous if he is well. Cupriste must improve a lot on anything he has shown as yet to have the ghost of a show, though some good judges reckon him u real good colt. I d<Ji't say lie,isn't, but he hasn't proved his excellence so far. [He has been scratched since this was written.] To be brief, however, I like Clarke's selected, Solanum, Pharamond, and I Delaware best, and whatever beats Projectile | will probably win both A.J.C. and V.R.C. Derby, and likely enough the Melbourne Cup too. For the Epsom Handicap, perhaps, War paint, Sainfoin, Alexander, Budgcree, Chat ham, Bnngebuh, and Buccleuch are better I tlian any other half dozen, and the placed J | horses might be Bongebjui, 1; Sainfoin, 2; | Budgereo, 3. For the Spring Stakes, I like Caraoola. In the l-inile Kensington Handicap Clinker, M.L.A., Rosv Dawn, and Kildare are nominated,! but pending declaration of the weights I will not discuss their chances. M.L.A. ran a really good colt at the Hawhes bury on the second day, when he won the : J-mile Members' Handicap, under 7 fit. 10 lbs./, in Imin. 151 sees. Pharamond's performances, nnder 7 st. 11 lbs., in the Grand Handicap, won j : by his stable companion. Ballaicr, in 2 mins. : 23x sees., who was in receipt of two years and ! 7 lbs. from tlie Clan Stuart colt, was highly | creditable, and gives him a fair show, oa paper, | for the Derby, 'the time was very fast, though j not up to the record made by Aristocrat J at .Roscliill, under 9 st., when the latter ran the distance in 2 mins. 22£ sees. The stable backed Pharamond, and are said to have had only a few pounds on Ballator. The winner is a five-year-old horse by Mon ; mouth—Sapphire, bytheDrammer—Amethyst. Kildare ran well up, fourth, j ^ Ben Bolt, winner of the Caulfield Cup, at i five years old, in 18S6, won the Monsoon 8takes ! at the late Calcutta meeting, nnder 10 st. 3 lbs., ' and beat Blaze, Yatapa, Lady's Maid, Extant, ! and Glenora. | Stainboul, 11 st. 7 lbs., wou the Hurdle Race j at Caulfield, on Saturday, 1 mile 5 furlongs, in 3 mins. 13 sees. After all the Admiral will not visit Sydney this spring. Mr. S. G. Cootc says the horse will not start before the Caulfield meeting in October. The well known Queensland jockey, Kins man, met with an accident so serious while 1 schooling Sailor over the practice hurdles last | week at Randwick that his life is despaired of, his tack being broken. Sailor broke his neck when he fell, and lay stretched out on top of ! Kinsman till dragged off. The Author, winner of the Plymaston Handicap at the S.A.J.C. meeting, Adelaide, on Saturday, paid a dividend of £72 18s. £7,717 passed through the totalisator daring the day. It is reported that the Queensland colt I Tridentate, owned by Mr. Herbert Hunter, got ! cast m his box at Mordialloc on Saturday, but j that he did uot hurt himself much. ! The following question und answer from 1 the, AHs'.rtite'ian will be read with interest:— ] "A horse is running on a round course, measuring exactly a mile, and a 6ocond is running on the same course, 3 feet outside tho | former, all the way. How much further does the outside horse travel than the inside one? The answer is 18 feet decimal 65 (very nearly), which is greater than 18 feet 10 inches, but not 1 quite 18 feet 10J inches." Ormo's defeat of Lu Flocbe in the Eclipse Stakes was considered inconclusive and un satisfactory, the filly's formatting thought too bad to be true, as she finished on indifferent third, divided from Orme by some lengths, arid ■ a hitherto m oderate'three-year- old, Mcdicls, who garo Orme eorae trouble tho finish, ! catching brm napping. It was feared the ^pnir | would not moot again, but Boron von Hirach polled La Floohe out again at Goodwood, against the duke's colt, in the Gordon States. mile, in" which the filly met Orme on 4 lbs. better tonne than at Sandown Park. Tho weightswereOnne,9st, 12lbs.; LaKlecke,9st. : 0 lbs. The Baron also started his colt "Water- , cross, 4 years, 9 at. 8 lbs., and Colonel North's ' Royal Harry, 3 years, 8 at., completed the j quartette; 6 to 4 was laid on. Orme, while La j ileclie was at 4 to 1 and Wateroress at 9 to 2. La Fleoho was said to have "come on" a stone at least 6inee Sundown, and she certainly ; ran far better than in the? Eclipse Stakes. She made her own running, with Orme at her heels, for a mile, when the eon of Ormonde drew alongside und looked like coming away alone aud untroubled, but La Flccke was not done with, and battling it out, though in trouble, with the courage of a lioness, held her own to within u few : strides of the chair, when Ormo drew gradu ally away, and won cleverly by a nock. "Water- ' cress was many leugths away third. I In tho Prince of Wales Stakes of 200 sots. I i each, at Goodwood, Galloping Dick (Mr. D. Boird's), who had won the valuable Richmond : Stakostheday before, 6tarted at 11 to 10 against. 75 to 20 was tho price about ''Dan" Cooper's Glare, and 100 to 11 against Speed (winner of theJnlyandChesterfield Stakes)audBullingdon. ; The favourite did not get a place in a field of j four, tho winner turning up in thcD uke of West- J minster's home* bred Bullingdon, who is by and outof a Derby winner; hissiro being Melton, and his dam tho famous Hermit mare. Shotover. He won by a head The Stewards' Cup was won by Mr. Milner's Medora, 3 years, 6 st. 12 lbs., ; who is a sort of sister-in- blood to Ormonde, : being by Bond Or out of Agneta, by Macaroni.; out of Fair Agues, and very closely "related to j tbe Blacklands' sire Bucktljorpe, whose son, Young Buckthorpo, by the way, isabout the most racingiike2-year-old weha ve seen out this season. : The Goodwood Stakes, 2-3, miles, was contested 1 by a bad lot, and run in fearfully slow time— namely, 5 mins. 14 sees., the winner being Mr. Ellis's Red Eyes, by Goggles (sou of Speculum) —Miss Horry, 4 years, 8 at. 1 lb., beating tho Prince of "Wales's The Vigil, by Ben Battle : —Vesper, 3 years, "6 st. 7 lbs., and six others. ■A very inferior lot went out for the Good wood Cup, 2^ miles, won by Mr. J. B. Bar- i ton's Barmecide, by Barcaldine—La Trappe, aged* 8 st. 6 lbs., in 5 mins. 12 sees. Insurance, by Gilderoy—Granada, who ran second, started favourite at 2 to 1. The winner*s price being 4 to 1. Realm's two-year-old sister, by Archie—Em press, arrived in town this weak, and was quartered for a time at Carter and Fcnwiek's stables. I had an interview with her on Thursday, and found her a well-grown, well cared for, lengthy filly, with a nice, quiet, lady likebead, and slightly dishcdnose,longrem, slop ing shoulders^which willgrowlouger and deeper as the filly puts on age. A good deep brisket and barrel, ribs not too round, but sufficiently deep fore and aft, strong quarters, good gaskin and forearm, plenty of substance and size, and promising to be at least a finer specimen of the racehorse to the eye than her famous brother. Let us hope she will turn out as good. In oolour sho is a nice chestnut, sprinkled with silver hairs, and a silver patch here and there. Capriste wrs withdrawn from the Derby on Monday. Onyx, dam of Sardon3*x and Nordenfeldt, ; dropped a dead foal to Cuirassier recently. Ameetinc of the committee of the associated ; clubs (Canterbury Park, Rosehill, Hoorefield, "Warwick Farm) was held in Sydney on Mon day, when Mr. Hanrahan, tho late official measurer, was heard in what the southern papers call his own defence. All that appears to be known about it is that Mr. Wilson, who was superseded by Mr. Hanrahan, will continue ; in charge of the standard, a foregone conclusion. Narina, the racing pony, arrived in Sydney from Melbourne on Monday. Clraker landed all right from Brisbane last week. There was no buyer for the right to Rand wick St. Leger reserve at the sale of privileges this week, the highest bid being £023. Candour's dam, Canary, foaled ft colt to Splendour the other day. 