|in/wE; :L ADS ; ANDJ illlSiR TMMrS STflRY ! See Page 7. By Florence Wardeh. SYBIL CHASE; , ; Oft TIE GAMBLER'S WIFE. . pi ." T. - . 1, - , . .. chapter xfc THE FEMALE LAGO. 1 ; The engagement between Laurence xnd Margaret Waring had been a family affair, and brought about princi- pally by the romance of a maiden aunt, z with whom the young woman was -a favourite. Edward had been under this rela tive's charge after the death of his parents, which occurred during his childhood, and she had petted and spoiled the boy as only a spinster could nave crone. : _ Mr. Waring, the uncle of Margaret, was one of Miss Laurence's neighbours, , and the girl had almost been as great a favourite with the spinster as her own nephew. < Indeed, it was said that Mabel Laur- r ence had loved Margaret's father in her I. youthful days ; but how that might be " no one well knew, for the old maid 'l wisely kept her own secrets, as women, f after all, are apt to do when there is nothing to gratify the vanity in them. But it happened that the boy and > girl were reared up almost like brother "V ind sister, and the two houses were al- V most equally homes to both. /"3 "Edward, then a youth of twenty, was j- travelling in Europe, and by one of the ; ri,' old lady's last commands was to remain there at least a year longer. When the j.« f- mill was opened, it was found to con- ;«j tain a singular clause — one common s:: enough in novels, and as the spinster ,' v; ftd been an insatiable devourer of Y'"3i Hfckt literature, it is quite probable that ' she derived from thence the idea which 7, was expressed in the testament. V i l". - Her fortune, which was a very large _,;. one, waB divided equally between her t nephew and Margaret Waring, on con- \ Idition that they became husband and ' jwife ; otherwise, there was no provision ; ' made for Margaret, and a small annuity was left to Laurence. f Now, I am not drawing upon my v imagination for these details. j" Miss Laurence was convinced that ' (Margaret and her nephew had loved each other from childhood, so she believed herself acting for their own I-.-, happiness. ' uv The year passed. Edward Laurence " leturned home when Margaret was '. seventeen ; the engagement had been regarded as a settled thing. The young people loved each other — there -could be no doubt of that. m "r> I- Two years before the commence- %. .-v ment of this record, Mr. Waring' had to jgo to the south for his health, and it ? iwas necessary to provide a companion ifor Margaret during his absence. M' (Some people introduced Sybil Chase, «nd she spent the winter in the family. gyp f From the time of her entrance into that house could be dated the real un- v happiness of the young pair. | | Sybil had been brought up by a bad, ; unprincipled mother, educated far be- /<' yond what the woman's means could permit, and for what end only her own 'j erratic mind ever knew. > ' We will not inquire too closely into tbe records of that Bohemian life. It \- is sufficient for our story that she at Jengtb took up her residence with Mar- .jjaret Waring, just as that young lady's engagement to young Laurence became 'known. ' ' How it came about, Margaret could " 'never have told; but before she was many weeks in the house, Sybil Chase .'p' had made herself of the utmost impor tance there. . j When Margaret had time to think, she felt a certain unaccountable repug- | nance to Sybil ; yet in her society there 1 was a charm which few people could have resisted. With all the wild fervour of her passionate youth, Sybil became fatally attached to young Laurence; yet so — j firm was her self-command, so deep / "her powers of duplicity, that she gave , ' no sign of the passion that consumed ' t her. In the depths of ber soul she was resolved that the man she loved should '"q never fulfil his engagement : but just as I' J she was beginning to weave her meshes around him, Mr. Waring returned . home, broke up his establishment, and vi proceeded with his daughter on a long tour through the West Indies and < ' Southern States. ' Once more this singular young crea- i ture was thrown back upon her $ mother's support; An imperfect re- \ conciliation took place between them, ) >i and she sank gradually into her old j life, which became more and more irk- 4 some from contact with persons so un- " like those with whom she had been, recently associated. With her mind in this restless state, iShc heard that young Laurence had followed bis betrothed to Cuba, in which place the marriage bad taken place. / The new6 stung her to madness. In the first paroxysm of wounded affection and mortified pride, she fell in with Philip Yates, married him privately, ,ttnd ran away. \- fi In two years she came back to her mother again, but to be the protector, not the dependent, now. She had money, which was shared generously Withdhc old woman, but, in a short time, this constant companion- , ,ehlp with an unrefined and evil-minded woman became unendurable. Sybil was in no state of mind to accept the dull life presented in the compnnion- cfihipu while this fervour was strong upon Iter, ahe met Laurence in tho street. She choked dov/h tho passion that swelled id her throat, and inquired ikitidly if his wife had been seriously \- , & . A- Laurence laughed, v- . ,' "Yifehe answered, colouring « " Oh; Maggie and I are net married yet The old gentleman say6 that we k're young enotigh to wait. 11 ' Sybil's heart' bounded in her bosbm. Her eyes flashed— she could not al together conceal the triumph of her joy- " " Are you ever coming to see Mar garet?" he said. " Margaret— Margaret Waring? Ob:, yes." . '.'The old gentleman is seriously ill agiin. You ought to come. He often says no one ever proved so good a nurse as you." " The good and generous old man. I will go to him." She went to Waring's house the next day, and stayed there. Mr. Waring was ill and selfish ; he would not let her go away. She yielded with apparent reluctance, and commenced her work. By her soft words, broken sentences, and subtle looks, Margaret and Laur ence had become almost completely estranged, and nothing but the per- BUasion of mutual friends prevented their breaking the engagement which bound them, Sybil looked on and waited, fostered their difficulties, and watched for the moment that should secure the victory to her love. She was greatly aided by the manner in which their betrothal had been brought about, the consequences of which had been exactly those a wise person would have anticipated. The romance of an involuntary en gagement wore rapidly away. Both were pained, and each blamed the other for things which were at once the fault and the misfortune of a forced position. Margaret was proud and exacting, morbidly sensitive, and her high spirit revolted at the idea of submission. On the other hand, Edward was as passionate and imperious as he could possibly be; his temper was violent, and when that was roused, he gave way to every reckless word that anger could suggest. The young girl grew cold and un sympathetic, careless of exciting his rage, but often taking refuge in an icy impassibility, which excited him more than any recrimination would have done. A stubborn, obstinate will de veloped itself in her character, against which the waves of her lover's passions beat in vain ; but that resolution sepa rated them still further. All this had been the growth of Sybil's subtle influence. For the first period of their engagement they had been very happy. Had they both been older and wiser, both parties might have done much towards changing the state of things. Margaret was made to believe that her lover bad ceased to care for her, and wished to continue his engagement only that he might tyrannise and com mand. Her health had become delicate, the bloom of early girlhood was fading, and although still very lovely, she bad learned to think her beauty gone, and decided that with it all affection had departed from the heart of her be trothed. He was Irritated by the indifference with which she treated every attempt at a reconciliation, and the violence of his temper increased in proportion to the pain of his position. They suffered greatly, those poor, blind creatures. Daily the cloud which had descended upon their home grew blacker, and swept them still further apart. The marriage of this young couple had been deferred from various causes, the "rind"?.! one belondn'' to Mr. Waring's frequent illness an<T the deli cate state in which Margaret's health had fallen during the past year. Laurence almost made his home at ; the house, and as he had no profession or settled business, he found more tinie than was requisite for making himself miserable, and gave way to all manner of repinings. During her former residence at | Waring's house, it had chanced that : Hinchley had never seen Sybil Chase, and her very existence was almost un- < known to him, before that introduction 1 on the hillside. Thus she had no ; fears of a recognition, or that her face would bring back to him that fearful : night in the valley ranch. With her cheeks as fresh as the roses, Miss Chase descended the stairs, i went forth to the garden, and pro- i ceeded to the rose thickets, looking beautiful and bright as the dewy scene i that surrounded her. i She had a basket on her arm, a pair ' of scissors in her hand, and daintily snipped off the stem of such blossoms l as pleased her. ( . Occasionally, in the midst of her I employment, Miss Chase glanced to wards the ball door. i The first person who had appeared i was Mr. Laurence. i He saw Sybil, and walked towards i her. i Miss Chase was greatly occupied just i then, and gave no attention to his approach. I " Good morning," he said ; "are you j talking so sweetly with those roses that i you can neither see nor hear ? " < " I am trying to steal their colour," > the said, with an honest sort of frank- i tiess that was very captivating. < " Look at this bud, Mr, Laurence ; < did you ever see anything so beautiful?" t " Lovely, indeed ; you perceive you were over fastidious about giving away I your flowers hot night, Margaret did not prize them us highly as you ex- t pected." \ " What proof have you ? " , ijir ( "She gave one to Hinchley." '' < "Ob, yes, so she did; but he is a i relative, remember." "Who ever supposed lie was any- i thing else?" " Oh, I thought-that It, from the i way you spoke — " "What did you think?" "That you were -not very pltased, If t must-say it" . . $44 ' Ji "I thought very little about the matter. I have no fancy for setting up as a pale-faced Othello." '.'Oh, dear, I should hope not; there would be nobody but me to play Emilie, ahd I should certainly run away, instead of standing by. poor Des- demona. But I have to beg your par don for my-absurd mistake." " What do you mean ? " "For thinking you were displeased. I might have known you had more sense, but I Have seen men who would have pouted for a (week over a trifle of less consequence." " Did you think it wrong ? " "No, but I am riot a proper judge. I suppose every wife ought to be ex ceedingly careful ; but then is. a woman to be deprived of every bit of sentiment and romance?" ".I don't think Margaret is addicted to either. I should be sorry to believe it" " And I, too. But I must take my basket of flowers into the house ; don't stand here - fighting (shadows, Mr. Laurence." " I am not aware that I have been doing battle with any Such unsubstan tial thing," he answered. Miss Chase turned towards the house; he followed, but with a new train of thought awakened in his mind. He accompanied Sybil into the breakfast-room, helped her to arrange the flowers, and in the process they fell into a pleasant conversation. It was a full half-hour before Hinchley or Mar garet made their appearance. A great deal can be done in that length of time, especially when econo mised with as much wisdom as Sybil Chase was capable of employing. CHAPTER XII. MOTHER AND DAUGHTER. Soon after breakfast Hinchley and Laurence rode over to a neighbouring town upon some business for Mr. Waring, leaving the two ladies alone. Miss Chase and Margaret still sat in the breakfast room, the latter pretend ing to read the paper from very weari ness and disinclination to talk, while Sybil had some embroidery in her hand, and, under cover of that employ ment, watched her companion with keen scrutiny. v I am seized with a fever," she ex claimed suddenly. Margaret looked up and smiled a little. "What is the name of it?" she asked. " One common enough to us poor, weak women — I want a new spring dress. If it were not. for leaving you alone, I am inclined to run into town and make a purchase." "Do not let me detain you," re turned Margaret, feeling so ill at ease with herself and every person around her, that she was pleased with this pro spect of solitude. " I suppose the gentlemen will very soon return." " I am sure I do not know;" she an swered, indifferently. "You will not feel lonely if I go ? " " Pray do not think me so foolish." "You know that I like to sit with you, Miss Waring." " But to-day so to town and shop if the mania has taken possession of you. : By the way, if you see any pink organdy, you may purchase it for me, and leave it at Mrs. Forrest's to be made up. I remember now, a new dress is the very thing I want." " I had better dress at once ; let me i see, the train starts at eleven. I shall be in town at two o'clock." "Oh, yes: before, perhaps," "Have you any other command?" ; she asked, pleasantly. " None, thank you ; what a fine day i you will have." "Oh, lovely ; good morning." x ( Margaret returned this farewell, and Miss Chase took her departure. | There the unhappy girl remained, i and . let the hours float on while she gave herself up to a thousand bitter < reflections. , How the promise of her girlhood had l cheated her 1 The affection which she < had believed was to brighten all coming years, was rapidly fading from her life. < While Margaret indulged in that mournful reverie, Sybil Chase was on i her way to the. city, smiling and pleas- j ant, affable to every one that came in t her way, as she drove over to the station. Cheerful and handsome she looked, < sitting in the train, and being whirled rapidly along tbe pretty route on her < way to town. She reached the city even earlier | than she anticipated, -and went about her errands at once, with her accus- i tomed straightforwardness. j When she had completed her pur chases, Miss Chase took her way to a j retired and somewhat unpleasant part i of the town. She had her veil drawn, ind hurried quickly along as if anxious not to be observed by any chance or < other acquaintance. i She stopped before a decent-looking tenement-house, ascended the steps, \ glanced about with her usual caution to see that no one was watching her, ahd sntered the hall. She mounted the i (Yeary staircase, which appeared inter- ( nittable, passed through several dark intries, and at length knocked at one 3 of the doors which opened into a pas- sage nearest the roof, t "Come in, can't you; the door is 1 not locked." - So Miss Chase turned the knob, t >pened the door, and entered a small, r plainly-furnished room, bearing no evi dence of the extremo poverty which f sftentimes makes tho tenemont-hdilse 1 j 0 dreary. e A woman was seated near the little window, in a stiff-back chair. "So you've come," was her only t mlutation. . \ " Yes ; did you expect me ? " t " I expected you three days ago." i "I was constantly occupied it wm. « impossible for " ell "You need not lie," returned the woman, curtly. " I won't," said Sybil, serene as ever. She seated , herself, opposite the fe male, and -untied her bonnet- strings. The wotmri looked keenly at her, and a strange sort of affectionate look crept over her whole face. . ,r " You're brooding mischief,'' she pronounced suddenly and emphatically, as if she would permit no contra diction. . . . "What riialces you think so ? " Sybil then exclaimed. " 'Cause you grow good-looking 5 when you get the bright, contented look, I always know there's something in the wind." "You. are very wise," replied Sybil, evincing no (displeasure at the accu sation. 7 " Yes, I ain't blind ; I've generally kept my eyes open going through this world," " That is the only way, if one does not wish to run against the wall." " ijks' -y.pvL did once,'.' retorted the woman; with a chuckle ; "you know you did that, cute as you think your self." Sybil did not answer, but shruggqd her shoulders slightly and gazed out of the window, occupied with her own re flections. "Now, don't act as if 1 was a log of wood," said the woman, fretfully. " There is nothing makes makes me so mad." "I was waiting to hear what you would say next." "What did you come fot ?" " To see you, of course. I came because I' thought you wanted some thing." " You should have brought me some money three days ago. I hate to be behindhand with my rent " " Surely you ought to have enough for that ; you know how little money I possess." " Fiddle-de-dee 1 Ask that Laurence for soma" " I cannot do that. You must see how impossible it is." " There is nothing impossible where money is concerned. But no matter, take your own way." " It is growing clear," said Sybil. " Time it did ; you've made mistakes enough." Sybil did not appear desirous of pursuing tbe conversation. She took out her purse and counted several gold pieces into her palm, while the old woman watched her with covetous eyes. 7 " That will serve you until I come again," she said, extending her hand. " That is Bafe," said the old woman, more complacently ; the touch of the money had evidently mollified her feelings. " Now, let us talk about something else — about your plans, say." "I cannot answer yout questions ; everything -is dark yet — a few months will dediae." " Don't you get careless, you know." " There is no fear of that ;' I am not a child." " No ; and you have learned by the hardest means." "Do not ever speak of the past; I can butv it now ; I have buried it 1 ' " Well, it ,is a dead friend I guess you are not sorry to be rid of 1" Sybil looked white; her eyes had a Btrained, 'unnatural expression, and her hands clenched together with the old force and tightness. " It is all over—all overl" " Nothing to be afraid of I suppose, unless you believe in ghosts and such things." i Sybil's face changed ; she dropped her hands ; the color came back, to her cheeks— she laughed outright, a defi ant, mocking laugh. " Not at all ; no ghost will trouble me— not even his!" "Tell me a little how things go Dn." The woman drew clOBe to her visi tor and inclined her head to listen at tentively. She noted every word and move ment, while a bad expression crept aver her face, until it seemed impossi ble that it should ever have looked :omely or pleasant. Sometimes she nodded approvingly; ance she laughed outright. Sybil put up her hand to check the merriment, which would have grated aarshly upon a less well-attuned ear ;han hers. " 1 must go now ; I shall not be aack by dinncr-timo as it is," said 5ykf- " I should be there; there is much I :ould do," said the woman. " I know that, if you could only con- :rol your temper." "Never you fear me ; I can do that tasy enough if there is anything to be gained by it." " One never knows what may hap pen. Always keep yourself in readi- less to obey my summons." " 1 could start at any moment." " We shall be obliged to wait ; an ipportunity may arise by which I could ntroduce you to the house" "Make the opportunity. A smart voman can always do that." "Ah, you have not my prudence." "I guess you learned it lately ; but ve won't quarrel. If I'm required I'll ;ome." " You would not care in what way ; rou Would not mind the occupation ?" "Bless you, no! I'm good at any- hing— genetal housework, cooking ; t's all fish that comes to my basket" "Good-by!" said Sybil; "I shall mss the train if I stop another mo- ncnt." Tbe woman followed her to the loor, gave uomc added parting ad- rice, and watched fcer disappear down- taire. Then she returned to the room and :et about preparing herself a cup of ea, chuckling Occasionally in a sharp vay, like a meditative macaw, looking io unpleasant the while that a timid ndiviaual would hove been rcluct- ttit to remain alone iu the room-with iae-TO-BH Goktihuxb 8 ,-C 4 