THE R1DDLER. NEW PBOBLEM. 10,557. Anagratuinatic Charade, by C. E. C. Parti. My first flio» fast o'«r land and sea my second to supply. My u>hUe brings messages to all, the tow a* veil as high. And folks export to find in it whute'er the; wi^li to know; To come it ts the cue for what to say and where to so. 'Ms welcome when it oomes to US-US welcome as the day. And you may find an angry man where'er it goes ftitray Yet. strange to say, while every one thinks proper to abua# U, Y(in'll scarcely Bod a single man contentedly reftue We'll take tbe letters one by one; you'll find that there are nine; And try what combinations we are able to define. A weapon used by eavaKe man,'twas light and sharp and long. Tbe weapon most used nowadays, though small, is keen and strong. What nations should not rash into unless its to defend. Unpleasant duty Mils may be. the opposite to opend. A place in ancient Churches where the squire could sleep unseen. Where newti and blindworms must not came to wake «ur faity queen. I cannot eat the apple-peel, so take it oil in imate, What Simple tsimon told tbe pieman be would like to taste. How tigh to table oft ii brought, among the J panese, W hat rises in the vine whene'er It feels the tourh of spring. What he felt when he found himself in .presence of tbe King. What Jack once made the knocker do by pulling at a string. Tbe fabled god of nature who sat placing on bis pips. What farmers do to wheat-crop* ** soon as tiiey ace ripe. Wnat be did with bis watch when be was so short of cash. What she would like to do with bet slater's pretty sash. It* teeth are even, sharp, and strong, and yet it cannot eat. W« gathered these this morning, they are young and green* d sweet. What little girls should learn at school, and sailors often do. Thai noise sets all my teeth on edge, it jars me thiougb and through. . Come, take your forty winks in thU comfortable chair. The hollow in the neck that Is just below the hair. What tells of coming tadpoles in the pools and run ning FtreatOB? A grinning, hairy creature, how like a man h« teems! - Unnatural ezcresoence that Is hard to take away. Be must be in tbe House of Lords; he's ens of them, tbey say. If jou don't put this round yon you'll catdi . horrid cold. If you don't sell yonr shares at this 'tis yon that will be sold. Part IX. An old phonetic riddle may remind you si the ward. To expect yon 'o remember it is surelyquito absurd. It has nine letters, I hare said, and you will soon discover WU .t wa are told Is bl&k; and whyt, and yet is red awl over. Don Quixote was not this when with windmills be wuuld fight The moon looks faint and weary, and Menu (mailer crery night. The vnse is clear as crystal; it Mine from Derby shire. The opposite to spring tides; too low to bathe, I fear. What ^hakspeare called the yellow leaf, and red bot dons can do; She mads a sharp sound with her band, "I done care that fur you." Tbe Christian ours. Mahommedana tho mgbt iron) Mecca keep; Tbe creature Cleopatra cliose to bring eternal Tlie psalmist in nine inches sums our little length of lite. Bid her away, she must not stay to brave tbe oomlngstrife. What your uew boards will do If fan ware 4h«n w the rain. What dresses do to streets when tfasyVe cocas bared by a train. The smallest bird in Enjiland,t3o<ik Sobln's pretty bride. What poachers set to catch the hares on many a COuntr/side. What poets call the lorer's cheek when hollow, thin, and pale. The bread came fresh this morning, I do not like it stale. An insect that in England stings- and buzzes roanil vonr bead. What pretty women should not do-it makes their noBes red. A word oft used In poetry, its meaning is before. A fruit that's crisp and mellow, sweet and juicy to the core. The ghost's command in " Hamlet" as it melted into afr. A ehow seen.for a pennypiece at every English fair. What spring does to the flowers and Government to leases. The stone lie filing went through the glass, and shattered it to pieces. Old-fashioned name for water-jug that in the chamber stands. A Highland prophet, hoary-haired, keen-eyed, with trembling bands. A Scottish name for little ones just toddling at the knee. The editorial pronoun made small by adding E. What like a girdle laps the earth with murmurs sweet in tone. What men and wheat and walls and pitchers all are said to own. All correct answers to the above received before Tuesday, September 6, will be acknowledged Sep tember 9. (See Notes and Correspondence.) 