Our Laidley Letter. CORISTMABeDE IN LADLEY. On Saturday Plateiok.street looketd like former times. The business places were deoked with grseeery, and the shop window. ,uiplayed the ohoices warel. •Business flourasned for the nonce. The evenineg was oomerved as Chriatems Eve, and there's no doebt the people made a desperate efflt to shake off the Sinbad of "depression," and to make tbinga hum. The evenoiog passenger trains had landed a goodly number of vaitcors, and, as .abeeut friends and relatiees met and greeted, one had to admit that Chrmstmas was not dead--that i: warn tll a "mighty power in the land." the street was full of people. who, for the time at any rate, had thrown dull oars to toe wands, and happy merry youngsters essei y bothered their pateos and m .ere into all snort of little ea:r'l aenoor. The exteriors of miny of the shopu were illuminated with C amese lanseros, which showed well amonqgt •e.e profesion l gre. nery, nd ins de the num ber of ist odiag I u oamein and buastlieg atton dance gave essence of liovely trade. This ohI nothbly the case with tie esitablishmenbs of Asere. Us?eo. Wyman and Overell and C. 'be "' pube." also appeared to be doing a steady bhz fond rgna)--uot the nois),, rowdy, drunken L ni, out are rational enjoyeng of the ' Eve' -wesll, not on to a1 abstineuoce lanes. buat cemperanoe prioople--'be Apostle's advice " e tsmpu.etse in all things, diligeat in butitess." heing geserally observed, At oune tmo the Post and lTelegiaph Ofices attraotsd much a taenton, t was bwas e ted hat the tlBoer iu charge intended 'to it Inuinate ts e ptemises with the "ajectrlo I glh," but unfortunately thre was leome ?shlng wrong with the "ourrente"--som5 wretbh said tbhy ll seat ilt' Mar's dud ;kpelica came al ug just In time to save him rom beinug utrung up ui top of a hand tselegraph.pole. Any way,the mleellationwa postp, nd. The oven age vetj iymens was much e lhaeoed by the sweet strains of the tewa band and as Irom the beloenyof thk Q N.. Hotel the aummer ephyra genatly wafted ,i' duloet sonads of the bszten iumlomcents, n.i'gi"i with the pleesat olmking of oonvivisl gla asc, ior Ihe street, the fact that Obrlstas nead come was plain to all. The Armh?also materilUly aselstsd so enliven the town, hablt vseer ani anon iere flights of crackers ,~ reamed--o some-hbe asureations of the night. Snuday, with thothermometer borde?r:nlg on tl.e century in the ooolest pla-es- too bhot tO go to Cl c h-was - useentilly tidny of rest, of reouperanon tsa preparation or the "day of daeys," the dawn of whicih pe pEmw.e o a regolar sooridr;a typicl Qogtsand Cosli - mas Day. IJ was hut andflary-dry In a m, toroloi'e asasoe, I mas, fit the nomesrot p meate aoaemes of Irrigation ~ta were a?coent, fully oated sn.d practioally workled dorirg th day prevented any serious "'drought" iL ou " Inwrdes." In the morning the maesses, AcB, in the oman Catholiu Chuocb and the earli comLtuoica services in the Anglican Ghbnr? were largnely attended. as weas ales the ernve service iso she latter, which had been• l tastefully desorated with greesery, ferns. fl ,were, and toioce pot- plants by ome of thO ladin of the songregation. Octlide of ou houles bthere was nothling stirlcag, even tile most knely straeger being gsthacre into oom' famoiy niuole. Socrry Chrisetmse I Wht a fares it is ?c man. of nu; who? Vailty~ and vexation ?l esinrs; bow we grafts and atrive to delnde edo aelesintohbavings a merry CO.iclmas. "*4ou what sad momoree, what ghosts oi'lon agh,' does pulatade in this Suthera land oil u times of osr yonth, when life was so bkitb. anjI.lm soi easy; these hbspp boyish days in she "odotantrse." ' n sp'ts or the W"g weary year?s how tbhW oteiroa of by -iue days haunt ou-" the pleasant sreetq o the dear old towa," the old farm boo-,, tbh chimaey cruer, and the yule log, the teliesnil now,thke slitding on the vitage pond, thbs old ehoeol-oaose, the qeaint old ehorah and itce slient gravr-yasd, es which "oar sld folksb" are at .t., the red-berried helly, the misitletso bough, and the ivy green, "?be old frindehiFp and esady~ loves"-all dead o as eave thobse thongats thut-cOnos die ' 'onougc that sake the etruog hears weas, And bring a ptllor ste tbshe cek And a race beotwe the eyle." Meiry Chrostmae.t?? What rote,whn li~ke an old wor-oaut "'worker," we are vasinly liokingg for a breua ms the tecue so that we may make for the "rca" thu gave ns brith, to die. I fnOy, Mr. Edite? I hear yea marmerug " hoor esllow; bad wmaskey m nt have them ba?o." You are waar. I merel1 subaoribe to fotomona dic;um, " Vanity of vmestes; al ti vanity." Uo Boxing Ds1 thes weather, en would iMkh, prevented meha real enjigment. A srolng hot wetkrly wind was blowing, aedI .ewod that under a lolty ahingsd sroof the u-ermomeer stlood at it05 for houre. From an early hobr boreomea and bouggies otd be seesn movng itt in all caieotions, some to private piOaieai. &a.; The blvaleon Army also mus tered in foiee, and ield a esncouesafl ating up t s-esenet ;ht tbecre•s msj erity headed for the.oreside camrneal of sports and raese. Eoruside. or Mr'O?atmi Cossaing, e as pretty a spot as can be touod its he Leckyer distrot. li'ested ian the , ladle Valley, some seven md4ec Irom the raiitwla station, away from the ,ssy haunts of men5.i.eetted at the feet of the eyslastieg hille, with the elear ever Srliwing wasere o the samtv . Laidley Greek gantly "tisEg a past the green and mossy banla, and the Cstle Roeck ad.'loaty Mistake Range in the bine haze of the die?tUoe, wath noght to turb the esalanee but the mat maring wind samongat the dark-green ehoeti a .trees, the dieott ceo Gf the " wonga" far op on the wooded.hi bl?laidea, or the catter of ale blue mounsain parrots among the hoes-ladened crimuoc.bloom of the tea-trees down by the brook, rm.the cool, deep holse of whiok lurk the shy platypos, the eod, and the malletc-what a place Is Is to wile away the peaceful happy hourel Senb's life I Far abler pon thsan mine would fail co describe the sylvan beanties t Btarnaside. Yet the trail of the er·' pens heas been ecen hera Tarnnmoil and srife ani fiherce btles have raged here; and now coe raees and sports-comeoff in a paddook kindly, lent for shs occsios by Mr. Philip M'Osath. Twa 8PoeR Mncmau a BONeeSe. My stomaoh beiqg unable to useunulase the drmatick of thes t6ugh old turkey that formed a portio of my Coristmas dinsel, with me ovings Day was ushered in with a severe attack. of dyspepsis. I did not feel equal to going up personasily tos report the Barneide affair, but in the iiterest of the Q,T.-the leading papor oWest Moreton-and, regard. less ol coat, I took every precaution, euI thought, to obtain-,an, early, foll, and corrdoet report. KSowing.f-elway whatthese nountry mdeetings are, and the dicoulties that attend a raportelr that goes themre, I employed not fewer than tarec, so that these should be no hitch in haviug soan elaborsts aeonaoot in your Thursday's ilue e; but "the beet laid plans of mon and mie," &be.; All the ass staff on the greusdel was cleared out by.2-rm.; you oan gesee the resalp, Mr. Editor. 'Ib.day every onsaI mit is prosterated from the hat, to., and has theb most bay remepmbrnoes of the rase and aporte meetings. The specirl reportero are atill opi st Bro. Chris.e waiting for ioed odep and ailSoan glean in the town is that it wasa. most eaoeesfual meeting. Aetording to the gate money,.nover 80tedolt people moust have heenon the ground. Thbe ladies mastered is grest fooe. the nooth and beauty of kli parts of the district being represeanted. b.. O ehabaert,.of the. Brenside Hotel, ran the refreshment bar on the groand, and provided a repast fr the stewards sad visitors at his hotel thtweoald have done credit to a ~BUE bane meating. Mr. George Oraham, of this towneatered In thetempeslaee and fruit liee. Eaoh did' a large buineass-in fact, the sets stcffinbsth plaes' rat out qeite early in the day. Thbl was ? n a groat mesasre orai to the ibtese 'hesat, it being too rily to drink ewen mild oalonial beer.; The Bueuide Haedioap. one mile and a qqlr ter, ie won-by f': Sneeda's Larrikin, carrt· log 8t.. i ider 'Thomse M'Kews; D. Doneva~Dd Traveller. 84t. lte.. rider J. Jail, 2; ?nd P. Shhedy's R.EI, Set. 2ib., ridden by D. Golertaq, 3\. 'Plbe Maiden Raoe fell to Bracelet, ant lbs priatipal footroace to young Maroney, with ?arry,, the hall caste, eaeond. This meagi?s informatiosis the only result of all my. eltO. rate preoutioar. Heow true it is, if yeaowabs a.thing-done properly, do it yourrself. cot I AnORDIAnt Y PIFAT. i have jpsct been informed, on rehableanl rity,. by a person who wouldn't--in fau.aol! sont --tell a tie, that the sao's heat wasso$ tones yoeterday that it sotually igpitedo i beg?hbour'b wood brat. ENABL-E GlRlETINGB.. I wlish you anod your oumeron redere "LRappy and Prosperous Nsw Year." ['e thaukoear Eorreepondent for his 6 ly w.ahese, sand trust that ha soand all our L y readers are aboeut to enter opon what will pic one of the happiest and moeet prospouep?ons they have ever ,xperienloed.-E.. Q?.7?] 