THE MERCURY. HOBART: WEDNESDAY, SEPT. SO, K9S. EPITOME OF NEWS. Pinafore 6shing excursion this afternoon. Amalgamation of Launceston City Council and Marine Board on the lapis. Election of trustee under River Clyde Act at Bothwell on 7th proximo, Tea meeting at St. Stephen's, Lower Sandy .Bay, to-morrow evening. Concert at New Town Templars'-hall on Friday evening, in aid of tho local Band of Hope. ,: Extraordinary election of City Auditor on 28th inst. Nominations recoivablo from 21st until noon on the 2öth inst ".Sketches of Travel," by Mr. Robort Kor mode, at Congregational Schoolroom, Friday evening. Limelight illustrations. .Intending University candidates can 'obtain copies of schedules from the Regis- trar. * I Secretary Hobart Bowling Club invite) applications for now memberships. Season commences during October. Pacilic Lodgo, No. 5, T.O., rogular meeting this (Wednesday) evening at 7.30. Visiting brethren invited. Events for Colebrook Racing Club Spring Meeting (November «.)) advertised. Nomina- tions closo ou 10th proximo. Doloraino ratepayers by resolution nt public meeting hold last evening, condemned police centralisation. By advertisement Harry Pearce sincerely thanks House Surgeons and nursing staff at Hobart Hospital for setting Him on his pins again. Quarterly examinations under - Pharma- ceutical Society of Tasmania will bo hold on tho 10th proximo. Applications required 10 dava prior. ? Priddy's Marvels at Thoatro Royal de- clared tho best variety company now travel- ling. Great house last night. Chango of programme to-morrow. Silvor quotation 3Í 2-5d. Cholora deaths at Hamburg. Robáis still bombarding Kio do Janeiro. Now Zealand Government Liquor Bill bas been passed by the Upper Houso. Two deaths occurred among passongers per B.B. Oroya from Adolaido to England, Culvert's gold mountain in West Australia declarad to uo a myth. Queensland negotiations for subsidising Canadian mail Bcrvico have fallen through. J. 15. Browor, jockey, seriously injured at Randwick yestorday. Charles Peters under arrest at Molbourno for abducting Mrs. Clara Parker. Active fighting in Mashonaland nppoirs to be closely impending. Attempt to causo death of Emperor Francis, by wrecking train, has been frus- trated. Supreme Court of Queensland has sanc- tioned roduction of capital of National Bank of Queensland to ?1,600,000. Wator sotting exhausted on Coolgardie goldfields Not much gold getting. Many mon destituto and starving. Conference at Melbourne botweon steam- boat owners and engineers re, future ratos of wages has collapsed. : Forty thousand French coal-miners gone out on Btrikc. English North Country miners slowly going back to work at tho old wngo. Eight lives lost in the rush for land on the Chorokco Rcsorve, United States of Amorica. Proposed radical changes in mothod of re- gulating Australian Mutual Providont Society's business has the sanction and ap i prov«i of Wgh actuarial authorities ia Eng land. _ IN the Legislative Council yesterday. A petition, presented by Mr. LORD from the Richmond Municipal Council against the Centralisation of Police Bill, was received. The Scab Act regulations were tabled. The third reading of tho Real Property Bill was agreod to, and tho measure passed. Thç Council adjourned at 4.15 p.m, until neil day. ^^^^^^^^^^^ IN tho House of Assembly yesterday, ' Petitions wero presento» in opposition to tho Launceston Water and Gas Bill, and the Police Centralisation Bill. A motion for counsel to bo hoard at tho Bar, in opposition to the formor bill, was, after a protest from Mr. CLAUK, agreed to. Mr. RKIIIEY, as a matter of privilege, ex- plained Ins vote on the subject of Technical Éducation, and Mr. Binn, under cover of tho same right, defended the reasons why ho had been absent from the House on several oc- casions lately. The Real Property Act Amondment Bill wai received from tho Council with amend- ments, which wero orderod to bo taken into consideration next day. The Mount Lyell-Strahan Railway Bill was referred to a Select Committee. The Mines Consolidation Bill was read a second tima, and passed through committee v. 1th slight amendments, ai far as clauao 1113. The consideration of the Income Tax Bill was resumed in committee, progress being reported on clause 24. At 11 p.m. tho House adjourned till 4 o'clock tho fallon ing af tornoon. IN' ' the Assembly yesterday the ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved the second reading of the Bill to Consolidate and Amend the Law relating to Mines and Mining. As usual, not only in this colony but in all the others, the House received the measure in a very languid fashion. There were but a few mem- bers present, durimrthe time it wasdealt with, andino one thought it necessary to make any remarks supplementary to those made by the ATTORNEY GENERAL, who gave a very brief outline of the measure. It must be borne in mind that the Bill, which looks a most formidable one in point of bulk, is intended to consolidate the law, no less than fourteen Acts being included within its ample folds. This -is, of course, a very great gain, for which the thanks of the community are due to the ATTORNEY GENERAL, and those who gave him their assistance. Certainly, the law should bo contained in one Statute, so that those who try to understand it may be able to do so, even if those who run may not bo able to read, The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, we need hardly say, made the usual reference Jo the duty of the Legislature to encourage miuing, using this time, however, the word " stimulate," but, as we Oiave often said, we apprehend that this end will be best attained by leaving the miners as far as possible to take caro of their own inteiests. The official mind, unhappily, cannot be made to comprehend that no industry ever is helped by governmental meddling, for it is possible to do a great deal of harm with the very best intentions, whilst it is seldom or never that any good is accomplished. It seems to be the aim of the Ministiy under this now Bill to meet the interests of the prospector, the miner, and the capitalist, and we are told that an attempt has been made to prevent one class having an -advantage over another, and we may hope that the attempt has been successful. We know, however, as a matter of fact, that the main work of the Bill will be done under regulations, aud that we shall have to say of this, as of other forms of government, that the one which is best administered is best. The bill does not, of course, touch the very-vexed subject of the forfeiture of leases, ¿ about which there has been so much said and so little done, and which will yet be the cause of a great deal of trouble. To our mind, it is astonishing that miners have not longsincerebelledagainst both mining monopolies and the miners right as a perfectly useless document, which serves no purpose but to cause trouble and expense. As a basis of title it is an absurdity, a relic of the old license days, and might be dis- pensed with without loss or danger to anybody, and with great relief to a large number of persons. The Bill makes some changes in respect to these documents, for the miner is to pay only half fees if the right is taken out after the end of June, but it is a pity that any such document ?hould be allowed to exist at all. In another respect the Bill shows an advance, as all Tasmania is to be in future a general mining field, so that some useless distinctions are abolished. Another advance is made in allowing minors to mine for tin on one acre under a miner's-nght, from which they have been hitherto prohi-, bited, whilst busiuess-licenses have been abolished. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that there did not appear to be any reason why a man should not carry on his business on a mining field as well as anywhere else without a license, and he was quite right, for the business-license is but another relic of by-gone times, when it was thought that nobody should go upon a gold- field without having some sort of ticket to show. , \ , J With regard to mining leases some [ changes ¡tro. mudo, so that any area witina tho prescribed limits may bo taken np. But it has been decided to reduce the area under consolidated leases, which lins met, as far as wo have heard, with general approval. lu cold mining n consolidated lease is limited to 30 acres ; a mineral con- solidated lease is not to exceed lüO acres ; whilst the term of tho new leaso is not to exceed the term for which the original leases were granted. Amongst tho now provisions is one to allow tho working of beds of rivets, lukes or streams, but the license ia not to bo in force for a period exceeding twelve mouths, mid tho right to work may bo put up to auction if the Minister thinks fit Tho powers taken under l'art VI. aro very large, and may be said to involvo tho practical working of tho whole measure. No doubt, a great deal must bo left to regulations in any case; but, in this instance, wo think that unnecessary trouble and expenso will bo occasioned by having t«o systems of survey in the colony, when all tho work could bo done in one Department. It is not long siuce there was no little trouble in respect to surveys on the West Coast, and such trouble will, certainly, occur again if the existing system is allowed to remain, but Ministers do not appear to have had the courage to face the matter fairly, although they might have thereby done something in the way of retrenchment. Nor does there appear to be any intention to sweep away tho absurd and vexatious regu- lations n8 to marking out sections, which have been shown to bo morely calcnlated to help the jumper in his business. ' Tho new provisions relative to the drainage of mines are taken from the legislation iii force in Victoria, where it has not proved altogether a success, but we may say that it is, perhaps, about the best that cart be (lotie With so difficult a subject. The provisions allowing "holdings for cultivation on mining areas are good, and likely to be useful, but they may give rîao to some trouble and litigation, as the holder of the cultivation! licenso will have no right to the minerals in the land. Still, settlement and cultivation on tho mining fields are things which deserve all the encouragement that can be given to them, and will more than compensate for any trouble that may bo caused. The provisions of Part X., which relatos to the associa- tion of minerals, ,appoar i to tis iad miiably calculated to cause a great deal of litigation, of which we have had some examples very recently. Tho whole_ of the legislation it regard to the association of minerals appears to be unnecessary. There is" no good reason why miners or'companies should not have all that can be found within their claims. The notion that gold should bo distinguished from other metals, though mingled with them, belongs to the dark ages, when it was thought that the miner was rather a wicked sort of person than a benefactor of the State. What does it matter to the Government who gets ¡my metal, so long no it, ¡a got, and turned to the general benefit ? AU that seems to be required is, that it shall be seen that a leasehold Liken up to work tiu shall lie presumably in tin country, and that an auriferous distiict is not treated as if it was merely a tin-bearing one. If gold is found mingled with tin or copper, surely those who make the discovery ought to have the benefit of it. The House galloped through 12S clauses with hardly any discussion, and in a House of about twelve members. When the House got fuller the Income Tax was taken and the Mining Bill dropped. THE early adjournment of the Legislative Council yesterday was tantamount to n re- fusal to proceed with tho consideration of the Government taxation proposals at their present stage. It was understood that a financial debato would have been commenced by tho Chief Sccrotary moving the second reading of the Taxation Bill for 18S3, and as a matter of fact ho was pre p»nd to make a statement. But.there was a feeling amongst members that the whole financial position and Ministers' propoinla thereon should bo considered in globo. The absenco of any of the taxation bills for 1804 from the notice paper made this iinpoB.ible. And u meeting of the mehibora had been accordingly held in the early pait of the day to consider the matter, at which it was decided not to proceed with finance at all, till such time as tho Assembly had transmitted to tho Council the scries of new taxation bills. This decision of u majority of the Council appears to have been communicated to the Government, and explains »hy tho Chief Secretary's motion to strike out the Order 'of the Day for the second reading of the, 1803 Taxation Bill, and have it put on the notice paper fir the next sitting was made without com- ment, and agreed to without u questioning voice. By this aotion the Council, of courso, ignores tho contention that the bill providing for tho deficit iu 1803 stands on an entirely different footing from the scheme fot 1804, and that the delay in russmg the measure into law renders more and more problematical the possibility of .collecting the taxes during 1893 every day that the delay is prolonged. PosBibly members will oon ¡der this view of the case at the od jsurned caucus meeting, which it is under- stood will be held this morning. { 1 Tur. leader of the Opposition in the Aiiembly took occasion yesterday to complain of our | comments npon his inattention to the work i of the House during the present session, but in doing «o he practioilly admitted all that has bean ohirged »Rainât him, and errn assigned the very same reasons that were | given in these columns for hie neglect. He has been weary and out of sorts, and has, 'constquently, given no assistance to the Government during the passage of either the Income Tax or Centralisation of Police Bills, 'two important measures upon which they were entitled to claim his fullest co-opera- tion as a duty to the country, whatever bis private fetlings might be, Tbat is all we said, and the position is not one whit altered by Mr. Bird's so-called explanation. It is quite easy to anticipate the time when Mr. Bird will cither claim this intentional abstention from interference in the measures lo bo something in the nature of a virtue, or will twit Ministers with in- accuracies which may possibly havo crept into tho measures simply because they havo been deprived of the careful scrutiny of a watchful Opposition, to which Ministers ore themselves entitled by their own perform- ance of that thankless rôle. But that is only the personal view of the case. It is the,country und tlio electors generally who may eventually suffer by such one-aided legislation ; otherwise it would not matter one,jot whether Mr. Bird was in the House or out of it. ?; ' ' " ' ^ Titi: letter of our Scottsdale correspondent, in which ho speaks with regret of the loss of the services of the drill in- structor for tho local Kiflo Corps, is a fuir sample of what would hate beou the feeling in the country districts had tho Defence Force volo been csrried in the Assombly on the scalo to which it Mas reduced by the Government. That feeling of regret « ill be increased when it is known throughout the laud thal not only hy the nation of the Assombly will tho drill instructors Le cut off, but that there will bo in futur.! no pro- vision for uniform, aims, accoutrement, or ammunition, or even for any of tho clerioil miichincry at hoad-quartcrs that lenders I l.o continuation of the cxistenco of tho force at all possible. When this is known there can bo little doubt that there will bo a general fooling of ¡niliguaticn throughout the oouutry distriots, for the tovcrnl corps will aimply have to be dis bunded, unless the men make most extra), ordinal y efforts to sustain the whole thing themselves, which it may bo slid has never been found possible elsewhere. What irem- j hers of the 11 o u so of Atscmbly in dealing with the matter seem tohavaforgottcnistbitevcn a Volunteer Forco entail« a certain amount of expenditure for instruction, if it does so for , nothing else, whilo ho would he a churlish | fellow iudeed who would expect those who j so generously come to the aid of their fellow citizens to pay their out-of- pocket expenses thomio'.vec, instead of sharing them amongst tho community. Tho Force, of which tile Scottsdale corps is a branch, is one of which tho colony might well bo proud, for it is tho only purely Volunteer Forco in Australia, and would be lound to be a very valuable arm indeed in the event of cither a civil disturbance or an attack by an outside enemy. In England and everywhere olse the feeliug of patriotism the volunteers dis- play is shown by the provision of proper ioitruction, good arms, ammunition, and a liberal capitation grant, and this colony, being no moro able than nuy ollur community to do without snob, servie«, should not be behindhand in recognising its cluimB in a timilar way. Mtmbers arc said to have been unaware of the result of their voto the othor evening. If so there ia a very practical way of showing it. THE EXIIIBITIOK.-The grain sowed at the opening of tho Exhibition concert-hall the other evening has borno fruit already. The General Manager's office was bEsiegcd yesterday with a number of shareholders, who went Into the first rush as usual with- out much thought, and then grew faint- hearted by the wuy, «n,i let their culls fall into arrears, but who, on going to the hall, had to confesi that nat more than half its worth had been made known, and then, becoming conscience-stricken, hastened at the first opportunity to renew their conti-' dence. Bebides these others were inspired to take up new shares. Tilt so two ex- amples are certain to be extensively foi lowod as the direct outcome of the new in- terest awakened in tho Exhibition. WAUBA DEIIAH'S BONUS.- The Minister of Lands (Hon. \V. Uartnoll) bus received a communication from the local Muniotpal Council regarding the disappearance of the bones of the aboriginal woman Wauba Debar from Bicheno TheycompluinthatthoCurutor of the Hobart Mmcmn, in his enthusiasm to increase the attractiveness of that institu- tion, has been at tho bottom of the machi- nations to remove the remains. An English monarch might have turned Cromwell's body out of Westminster Abbey, and hung it on "Tyburn Tiee," and French Jacobins in- vade the royal vaults of St. Denis, and fling the remains of anointed kings into the common ditch, but that did not matter ; a do/.on such wrongs did not make a right, and tiley want to have Wauba Debar's bones re- turned and given a decent re-interment. The municipal authority wants to know whether the Minister, of, Lands gave his authority for the exhumation, and if ho could aid in getting the bones restored to Hiern. Mr. Hartnoll has replied that he knows nothing about the matter, and has no power to interfere. So the bones rest till tliouott move, which will probably bo into u glass cuse at the Muttum. PllOrOSBD COMl'LKTIOK OF TUB MTJSKUM. -Some 30 years ago, when the Government of the day was waited upon by a deputation from the Royal Society of Tasmania with rolcreuce to a building for museum purposes, it |,ave a piece of laud, and a1 so stated that if the citizens of Hobart subscribed £1,003 the money for a building should be pro- vided. Dr. Milligan, then secretary to (lie Society, went to work «itli so much energy that £1,500 were subscribed, and a portion of tho building «as quickly erected. Then, in 1887, another portion was built, now the Tasmanian Court and tho Art Cillery, which was opened by Sir liobcrt Hamilton. But even then the original design WUB not completed, and another wing still remains to ho added. Two years ago the Govern- ment was approached on the matter, and it was promised that a sufficient sum to cover the necessary cost should bo placed »a the Estimules, This was done, and Parliament readily voted the sum asked for, but since the depression set in the money has not been available, Hon. W. ' Sloore, M.L.C., however, hua a scheme by which the necessary sum might be raised, and it will be placed bofore the public in tho course of three or four weeks. Those who are iu possession of tho details believe that tile proposal will meet with tile approval of nil conccrnod, Thoro are several reasons why a di finito step should be promptly taken in this mutter, cne of tho most importait being that at tho close of the International Exhibition there will be, as is usuil at such times, n number of works of art for dis- posal; to the local Art Gallery, cither on favourable terms of purchase or on long loans, but to .secure these there must be a proper place to hang thom. And it cannon tor one moment bo contended that the present gallery is in any way suitable, It is badly lit, and already overcrowded, to the loss of st lulen's und pleasure by the public. Mr. T. Searoll has prepared a set of* plans to complete the original design, and they uro now on exhibition in tho Art Gallery, show- ing plenty of space for a well-lit and spjeious art gullery sufficient for the requirements of a generation. The main entrance would be then transferred to Macquarie-street. The sketch shows u substantial and attractive block of buildings. A rough estimate of the probable cost ol the work has been ob- tained, and it is fouud thal by proceeding with tho work at this time it could be done for considerably less than the sum originally granted by Parliament. THE UNIVERSITY, - The half-yearly sessional meeting of Senate is to be held to-day. In the agenda paper prepared for the meeting of the University Council held on Monday last, Mr. Justice'Dodds' motion re University Scholarship was incorrectly printed. " An interval of not b-ss than two days" between closing of Senior Examina- tions and revision of clasi lists should have read " seven days." ToRfcno COUPS.-The annual quarterly inspection by the Commandant WSB held last evening, there being present besides the Commandant (Captain Parker), Major Wallack, Captain Henry, and Lieutenant Packer, 33 rank and file, and the Garrison band. The men were marched to the Queen's Battery, and while one party did some good work with the eleerie light, using the generating engine and all other appli- ances themselves, .another party was exer- cised in signalling, by means of flash lights, between the Battery and the Commandant's house at Barraok-square. A message was flashed and reply received, both being per- fectly intelligible to the initiated. After inspection and practice, the men were marched back to the Post Office and there dismissed. OFFICK or STORES. - Contractors and tradesmen are notified by advertisement that all accounts for stores, etc., supplied to the Public Service on orders from Office of Stores must be rendered to the department for which the stores were ordered, and not to the Office of Stores, as heretofore. TASSIAN'S PKMNSULA FRUIT BOARD,-The fruitgrowers of Tatman's Peninsula meet on Saturday, 30th ins t., at 3 p.m., in the State school, Koonya, to elect members for the Fruit Board for the ooming year. SICATIVO CARNIVAL.-As it is a Btrict rule that no one but those in lancy dress will be allowed on tho floor, to-night's skating carnival at the old Exhibition-building pio miscB to be highly attractive. The march by 100 skaters, the maypole dance, stilt skating, and Mr. Snruthcr'u baby elephant, "Jumbo," which will make its dibiU, aro noticeable features. Thero is also the milo challenge ruco between Harvey and King for £2 and a medal, so that thojo who at- tend will havo their time fully occupied in a particularly interesting; way. INSIST upon having H. Jones nnd Co.'s O K. Tomato Snuce, and IXL, Preserved Rabbits. They are the best. BAD ROADS,-Timo was when Hobart rosidcnts could, with pardonable pride, talk of the excellent roads converging from their oity to points of interest in Hie neighbour- hood, Tho main Latinccston-rou I was nlways referred to as of special excellence, a model highway, along willoh visitors might bowl in their carriages ol' lide on hursebatk with all the pluisuio ukin to smooth mid easy locomotion. To-duy tho order of things is changed. Tho roads in any and overy direction from Hobart aro sudly f.illing into disrepair,Um nuioh-vuunted Launceston main-road especially to. Tho trip from town to liiiilgewtitor, oncon most pleasant excursion, is uow tho vory reverse. Ruts, holes, obtrusive a'ono?, «hep mud puddles, and rotten places, aluuud all the uuy. In point of fact, the chief highway of tho oolooy is rnpi Hy getting into the condi- tion «f a country bj-way, «hero traiiio is scant uud Road Board trustees are short of money. Whether locil nut hot itius or tho Government, or both, have been to blame, is of less interest to travellers than tho speedy commencement of repairs CITY POLICE COUHT.-The bench at this Court was occupied yesterday by the Polico Magistrate and Mr. Joseph Solomon, J.P. Janies Picket, charged with lurcony on tim 15th ¡nat. of a 8:lvcr watch va'no £8, tho property of Hugh lliompion, was remanded until tho 22nd inn. A oharge of assaulting a shcrifl's bailiff named A. C. Edwards, pre feir.d ugainst Klltn Walker, was with- drawn, Mr, K. D. Dobbie, Crown Solicitor, appeared for the prosecution, and stated that the matter had been suttl-d. The fol- lowing sUtcment in writing was ten- dered by Mrs. Walker, which wits roid by Mr. Dobbio to the Court:-"To the Sheriff of Tasmania. I, Ellen Walker, do hereby acknowledge that the sheriff's bailifT sud his assistant did on the 23rd tiny of August lu«t duly execute a writ of habtrt facias, dated July II, ISO.i, issued in an notion Crisp and Walker and Ors., by giving possession of tho land described in tho Mild writ to Alfred Crisp, of Iloburt; nod 1 do further acknowledge that the said Alfred Crisp now holds the snid lund under and by virtue of the raid procos >. Dated this 10th day of September, 1803. U.lcu Walker, X her mark." A ohureo of allowing cows to stray ot WcBt Hobart, preferred against Ann Kennedy, of »''Macquarie-street, wa» withdrawn, as the iinimuls were under tho charge of another p«r far miliiinly conduct and ussnulting the polico, was Bent to gaol for tlireo months, without the option of a fine. COURT OF REQUKSTS,-Tho following is the list of cases set down for healing, before the Commiisioner, io the Couit of Requests £10 Jurisdiction, to bo hold in the Supreme Court on Thursday, 21st inst : - Stacey v. Jackson, Silver Prince Assooi ition ». New b:rry, Bri e ti, Hawk-s, Colling v. llal'mn, lkin r. Barber, Ibbotc ». Barber. ASSAOLTASD BATTKKY.-A Police Court waa held ¡n'thoGeevcs'.on-hnll, Geeveston, on 16th intt., when William Risliv was churgod, before Mo-s s. E. L. Hall, S.M., nnd R: Hill, J.P., with assaulting und boating C'hailes Slurp. The nssiulc took p'uea in Rialey's house.. Risley pleaded gu'lty, mid stated to the Bench that Sharp esme into his house; and they had,som« words about some gravo fenecí. Hu ordered Sharp out of the houto, but he would not go ; with that he (Risley) lost Iii? temper and strack him. Sharp denied the sUloment. The Bench ruled that Ris'ey was Btroog enough to remove Sharp without using violence, and fined him for the offence £1 and costB. .' SilOi'BllEAKisa.-Entrance win effected some time during Monday night to the pre- mises r of tho Melbourne Clothing Co., Murruy-Btreet, by thieves, who removed a quantity of clothing of various descriptions and made good their eacape. The pruiniscs were closed as usual, but next morning ii was found that the fittiug-room at theirear of the Bhop wns in disorder, and a large hole had been cut through a purtition. The yard of tho premises abuts upon the rivulet._ The housebreakers had climbed the returning wall, and force! the door of the workshop open, (ffcstiog this without any fear of dis- turbance. The partition at tho icurof the drapery rack, where cntrunco was effected, is of zinc, which was easily out away with a chisel, and, thus ingress was made to the fitting-room, ''No arrests had bceu made up to last night,' but there is every probability of the act having been committed by boys, nnd it is expected that soma of thom will be lodged in the cells to-day. MlhOHiKVous- FIMMCS. - Some idiotic person h is of lito taken delight in playing tho ghost in a burying-ground on the Sandy Bay-road, an 1 has frightened soveral timid females It is suggested that some ofwir activo young men, ieeking a little excite- ment and active exercise combined, should run this ghoulish individual to earth. They would, certainly, be doing a public servies prai ¡ding, ot courBC, that thoy do not " nur him muuh " when they bowl him over. ST. DAVID'S LITKIIMIY Soau.Tr.-The St, David's Literary Society held their usual meeting latt dening in the Synod-hall. After tho routine buiioess had been diiposed of, Mr. J. D, Shaw read a paper entitled "A Glimpse of Dr. Johnson," in which ile gave a brief account of the doctor's relation with Grub-street, and his affection for the f4ithfnl Boswell; after whioh Mr. T. R. Marsden read.un interesting ps per on "Sir John Franklin's Life and explorations," in- cluding a short sketch of his career whilo Governor of Tasmania. A hearty vote) of thanks was accorded to both gentlemen, after which the meeting terminated. ! i HOBABT CATHOLIC LITKKAHY ASSOCIA- TION.-The seating accommodation of St. Joseph's schoolroom was taxed to its utmost list J night by the members of the nbovo Association and visitors, the occasion bting the reuding of a paper on " The Truth about the Spanish Inquisition," by the Rev. Thoa, Kelsh, Father Gilleran (praiidcnt), in the chair. The usual routine business having been transacted, the Chairman, iu u few brief word?, introduced tho lecturer, FathurT Kelsh, who wns received most cordiully, The paper opened with . a reference to the popular idea current about the Inquisition, and the visions of tortureB and horrors con- jured up by the very name, and then went on to Bhow that though by no means to bo acquitted ou all its proceedings, yet it was not the terrible monster which it has gene, nilly been considered. After explaining tho meaning of W10 term inquisition, its origin was traced in the first instance from tho bishop, whoao duty it is to watch over and' guard his flock against poisonous pastures, though the institution of ht°r days began in a decree of the Council of Verona, A.D., 1182, further dnvelorel by tho Council of TOUIOUBO in 1229. and established in Spain in the year 1480 chiefly against Christians con- verted from Judaism and relapsing into their former infidelity. Tho ohargos generally udducïd against the Spanish Inquisition were then dcult with in detail, the popular idea of on auto-da fe ox posed und refuted, Llorente's figures as regardB the number of victims greatly re- duced, the Popes und Churoh exonerated from identification with the Iuquitition ; the dungeons shown to bo no worse than EogliBh prison» of thoie days; the penalty of fire condemned as atrocious, but practised in other countries as well us Spain, Eugland included at that period ; victims fleeing from persecution welcomed and befiiended by the Popes;and evenInquisitorscxcomniunlctted. Ia conclusion said :-" I only echo the feel- ings of every Catholic when I «ay no one wants back the Spanish Inquisition, and cay, with Cardinal Gibbons, of America 'I heartily pray that religious intolcran.-e may nevor take root in our favoured lan 1. May tho only King to force our conscience be the King of Kings. May the only prison erected among us tor the sin of unbelief or misbelief be the prison of a troubled con- science. And may our only motive for embracing truth be not the fear of man, but the love of truth and of God.' " The conclusion of the lecture was the signal for long an I hearty apphuso. At its conclusion M. J. H. Keating proposed in a eulogistic and appropriate speech a vote of thanks to the lecturer. He also dealt with the political aspect of »he question from a historical poiut of view. Mr. J. 3. Gleoion seconded the motion in a few very compli- mentary words. The question was discussed, and the motion supported by several other members, concluding at 10 o'clock by the passing of tho vote by acolamation, TASMANIAN ? EXIIIMTION ORCHESTRA.- A rehearsal of this nawly-formed orchestra was held in the Town-hall last evening. About 30 were present. The musical direc- tor, Mr. A. J. Mills, conducted, and Mr. O. J. Roper, the orchestral sccrctiry, at- tended to all minor details, Schumann's "Slumber Song," Suppe's "Marche der Teufel," and the accompaniments to Men- delssohn's " Fo'itcge.sang" wero practised, This latter work is to be performed in a few weeks' timo by the Grand Choir »nd Orchestra at the formal opening of tho con- cert-hall to tho public. HoiiART ATIIMÍTIÜ CLUH,-A boxing con- test under tho Marquis of Qncensberry rules for a puise of £40, comes off at the Alhlutii Club to-night, commencing at 8.30, Tho match is between Harry Miller and Jim Baxter, the best of which in 15 rounds will be adjudged tho victor. There will also bo an exhibition of wrestling, club swinging, and general athletics. THE BEST AND PUREST COCOA.-The Medical Annual says:-" Tho name 'Cadbury' on any packet ot Cocoa ia a guarantee of purity." Tile popular beverage for all seasons. THEATRE HO VA I, - Prlddy's marvel com- bination again attiiictcd a large audience at | tho Theatre Royal las*, nigitt. The pro- gramme contained a number of itartllii* novelties of tho variety type, oil of willoh wcro loudly applauded, in mott cusoi re demanded. Tlio'lSthiopInn burines« was In tho capable har.da of Mossrs. Watts, Cirllan, Sutton, lind I). self. Mr. J. P.. Wadlcy's ballad singing was muoh enjoyed Miss Ootavin'* seng "Loonorc," from Ula t'a Carmen, wnsono of the features of tho first part. Tha clover feats of Sylvo took spectators by storm, win, had thoy an oppoitunity, wnnltl have re domandedovcry ¡tom in lils perform ince, Tho slack wiro dancing of Mdllc. Carina was also notcrtorthy. I'riddy'a slido for life was a most during performance, exhibiting con- siderable nerve. Mr. Horace Bent, who posed as nu imitator of Max O'Uoll, gavo a very funuy dUstrtation on " Woman," which caused loors ot laughter to proceed from all part) of the house. Hie winda con- cluded with a screaming «ketch, Un Coup de lltizior, which sent tho audience away in high good humour. 1'iiddy's Marvols occupy tho boirds nguiu to-night with the sims programme To-morrow they will ohaiigo it for a now ^iclcotion ftom ll.oir varied repertoire. PEOPLE'S 1'ornr.AR CONCERTS.-Mr. W. Maokenzie has been uppoiute.l musical director of the popular couccrts which aro being inaugurated by Mr. Harold Ashton, and which will Uko place in the Tem pcranoe-hall cvory Wednesday evening, commencing from the 27th ¡nat. Tho con- certs will bo under the direct auspices of the Early Olosina Association. TRINITV CONCERT.-Tho exoolleut musical programme prepirod for the concert in Trinity schoolroom last night was worthy of a better uttoudanco, but those present en joytd a vory plonsant tnutic.il evoning. ,Mies Lottie Roper, in hor piano solo, Ruben stein's *' Valso Caprice," displayed f.rcat facility of execution, and her performance gave evidence of careful study. Mrs. Tr>n thim- Fryor wai in excellent voice, and met «¡'ha hearty reception on each aipcaranco 'Watson's ''Beautiful RDICB," und "Clearand cool ", (Dolores) wcro equally suitable for displaying tho vooilist's capabilities. Mrs. ,\V, Lovett's tnlo was much cnjojal, and her 'duct' with Mr. J. Dear, "Lovo Divine,'1 from Staincr'B "Daughter of Jaiius," narrowly escapad un encore. Mr. J. Dillon and Mr. J. T. Fryer contributed a violin und 'collo solo respectively, and Misses Westgarth and White played two mandolin duels with much taste. The Trinity hand- bell ringor.-t, under the master, Mr.F.Miliorr, rang 120 changes, and the "Salisbmy cling'," and the weird music of the bells was very popular. The veteran basso, Mr. J. K. Fryer, sang "Simon the ccllnrer " with much spirit, aud Pinsuti's melndiouB quar- tette. ''Goad night, beloved," was vory ¿apibly ro'idered. I RAWKI AT TIIK TKMPEBANOE-HALL. - Be- tween 1,400 an J 1,500 people woicossembled within tiio four walls of the Temporáneo hull IsBt night to hear Rawci deliver an ,ud dresi upou the hubits uud cus'oms of his people, tha Maoris, und to plead on their/ behalf for the whorowithal by which his mission cm bo'canicd out successfully. Rawoi held his aadionco ipcllbouod through- out the cveuing, and what with witty and pathetic , descriptions of the superstitions, the'curium (oik-lore and dumestic cere- monies, an outline of what the Maori was and what tho pakcha li .ii made htm, Rawci gave his hearers something more entertain- ing than a lecture, yet more instructivo than a bald sketch of his mother's people. Referring to tho ongiu of tho Maoris, Ruwei said this hail, always been u debatable ques- tion amongst scientific men, especially philologists. His-people lind scvoral tridi tions,' all-moro or less interesting a-:c1 romantic'. One of tho most probable was as follows :.-" Ngahue, a resident of an island called Hawaiki, in the North Pacifie, ' pro- bably Hawaii), one of the Sandwich Islands,' incurred the hatred of a powerful chief, and wa« compelled to fly for his life. Securing a canoe and some provisions ho paddled out to sea, and was given np for lost by his sor- rowing friends. Some months after, how- ever, bo returned with a marvcllons account of a wonderland ho had dissovcred in the South Seas ; in glowing languago ho des- cribed its vase forests, its imokine moun- tains, it« steaming lakes, and gigantic birds. The Islanders wore amazed, and preparations were at once made to set out to this land of strange nights. Tho forests were ransacked to find rata, rimu, and totaras to build canoes. Seven large ones were soon completed, and named Miitatua, Tainui, Te Arawa, Horouta, Aotca, Toko mam, and" Kurunupo. Provisions, consist- ing of kumaros, taros, dogs and rats wcro laidio, and a party of adventurers set forth on their journey ovor the Pacific, whila their friends wcro left turrowiug behind. After an eventful voyage, during which theso adventurous spirits endured great hardships and suffering, Lnd was sighted ; that land, the sight ot which filled their hearts with great joy, was New Zealand." To-night Rawci will again lectura in the Temperance Hail, and to morrow ho will bo assisted hy a number of baiutiful luntern slide* of New Zealand and Maoris au natural. liltmmi AND DOREION MULE tOOIETr. The 73rd annual meeting of tho Southern branch of the Tasmanian auxiliary will bo held, under the presidency of Bishop Montgomery, to-night at tho Temperance | will be among tho speakers. ¡PARLIAMENTARY DEBATING ASSOCIATION. -The dlsuuaeionon " HomeKulo"(Ireland) will he icsuincdat to-night's meoting. j PAST GRANDS' SOOIAI,.-Members re- quiring extra tickets-for friends for this social are requested by advertisement to acquaint tho b'earotary at the Lodgo this evening. . . _ CHESS.-It baa boen definitely decided that the match botween tho Hobart and Launceston Chea Clubs will take place noxt Saturday, the 23rd inst. Thero will bo nine players a side, tho following huving buen olio ion to represent Hobart :-Messrs. A. Strathern, W. Burn, J. W. ToplU, U. B. Bignold, T. Searell, A. B. Howoll, C. B r nard, H. C. .Kingsmill, and G. D'Emdon. This ¡B tho third telcgraphio chess matoh betweon Hobart and Launceston, though only the second with the Launceston Club al at present constituted, tho first match being played between the Hobart Chess Club and a club attached to tho Launceston Mechanics' Institute. Botli of the former inutclies haye been won by Hobart. Tho members of the Hobart Club aro at present engaged ia a Iel el tourney,' a great many of the principal games, having still to bo played. , lllIKlNTEUCOtONtAI. FLOtJOHIVO MATCH. Mr. Pedder, the ban. sou. lo the intercolonial ploughing mutch, to bo held at Cambridge next month, has received a , letter) from Mcssis. I*, and D. Duncan, agricultural im- plement makers, Christchurch, Now Zea- land, intimating that pet the s.S. Mauapouti, which leaves on Soptcmber 19 (yesterday), that firm was Bending a representative to Hobart to compete in tho mjitoh, both \\\itli double and single furrow ploughs. A notifi- cation of au outry from Now South Wnlos has also been rociivcd. Thus New Zou Und, Now South Wales, UMI Viotoria util be represented. lu the firmer colony agricultural pursuits are carriel on with greater vigour, and on moro scientific Haca than ia any part of Australasia. Messrs. Duncan's representative may, there- fore, have much that is new to tell us, as ho represents a very noted firm. In tlie matter of obtaining teams for com- petitors this entry adds another to the list of ttams required, but it is hoped tho difficulty will be surmounted. As to ths land selected for the competitions, it is of a light loamy nature, and even should the weather provo to be wet it will be in good working order. It is also handy to town, so there will sure to bo a groat exodus to the meeting. CHOPPING.- The chopping match for £10 betwotu Matthews and Lynch takes place at Berriedale to-day, with another match for those who havo never won an adverliiod prize. TAKANNA.-A meeting of the Noifolk Bay Regatta committee was held oa the 10'h inst. I« was decided that the annual regatta should Lo held on November 0, and that the programme should include the fol- lowing races :- 28ft. Yacht Race, 21ft, Yacht Race, DB.C, Race in short fours, District Race in short fours, for those who bavo not won any prize exceeding £12. BALI, AT SOUTH ARM.-On Friday next a ball is to be hold in the Calvorton-hall, South Arm, iu aid oi the hall fund. Tue e.s. Taranna le ives Brookc-strtct pier at 7 p.m., and not atG.15, as previously adver- tised, and returns at 1 a.m. from South Arm. The night should bo moonlight, und no doubt many vi ill avail themsthes of tho doubla pleasure of tho trip and dance. T|ta Surrlval of tho Fittest Mr» S A Allon s World's llslr Kcstorur lias outlived all othor moan, of restoring gray or faded hair ts tho lieh colour and froihnm of youth. ADYit« TO Hormas !-Are rou tarakan In yum reit bj- a tick oulla lurTerlnj with the pain oi culling tooth ÜO at onco to a cuomlst and got a bottle c1 Sirs. Wr.sHLow'a SooxniNu Svrtur. It will rollov« the peor lurTcror immediately. It Is porfootly härm- ten ina pleasant to tute. It produces salural qulot ?loop by rollovlne the child from pain, add tho llttlo choral, analtos " as bricht as a button. It «oothm Hie child, It softons tho gun», allan all pain, IOUOTOI wind, rogulates thi bowels, sod Is UM bait known roueily for dysentery and dluibma. whether arlslns boa toothing or oUUr uuin, Mn Wiulow'i Booth. Vat »rrup li sola by modldno dealers ernrrwbora at Is. led. |«r bottle I 