TEE MAKIN CASE. The Sydney baby-farming case shows among other tilings how quickly one ; sensation is displaced by another. At the time when the disclosures of what ap peared to be wholesale infanticide were made, a thrill of horror ran through the entire community. A coroner's enquiry 1 was conducted and a verdict pronounced against the accused persons, who were thereupon committed for trial. That act : was ended and the matter almost imme diately dropped out of the public mind. Perhaps it would be more correct to say that it was crowded out'by the occur ; renee of other events that rivalled it in their startling effects. It is only necessary to cast a cursory glance over the brief interval which has elapsed in order to see how tragedy has succeeded tragedy, now in cme place and then in another, so that every week and almost every day has had its fresh and absorbing sensation. In Victoria mysterious and undiscovered crimes have roused public curiosity and strained all the observing faculties to their utmost tension. The ^mystery of the severed limbs of a human body that suggested a ghastly butchery has never yet been cleared up. The story told by certain boys about an unknown man deliberately drown ing an unknown woman by holding her under water is not known for certain to be either fiction or fact. In this colony the Hyde Park case of suicide and attempted murder is only one of several tragic incidents, including the wife murder and suicide of Gin Gar, which for the time being engrossed general atten tion. West Australia has contributed its share to the long procession of gruesome narratives, and there is hardly one of them more pitiable and painful than that of the father who shot two of his own daughters and then pub an end to the life he had forfeited to the law. The cases that have been referred to are but a few of those in which mad passion, unreasoning jealousy, and the indulgence of vicious propensities have impelled to the perpetration of fearful crimes. The student of human nature who takes note of their constant recurrence and allows the impression they are likely to make to sink deeply into liis mind may be excused if he becomes melancholy and pessimistic. Such inci dents reveal both the worst and weakest side of humanity and convey humiliating suggestions as to its possibilities of evih The brutality of which men are capable when their meaner instincts are allowed to rule or their animal propensities gain the upper hand is almost enough to destroy hope of the future of the race and to substitute for it a feeling of despair. The Makin case is one of those in which the dominant motive was cupidity. There is no reason to suppose that either the husband or wife was especially merciless or cruel to begin with. They had brought up a family of their own and, as it would seem, with a fair amount of success. The repeated scenes that took place during the earlier stages of the enquiry tended to show that there was no lack of natural affection between the parents and their own children. The girls knew_ nothing of the manner in which the infants they were accustomed to see about the house were disposed of. So much of better feeling was left to the heads of the family as to induce them to keep their operations secret, and that probably arose quite as much from some lingering sense of shame as from a fear lest they should jeopardise their personal safety. The hysterical outbursts which took place when one condemning piece of evidence after another was produced opened the eyes of the young people to the kind of traffic which had been going on in their own home, and the wild reproaches of the mother against one of her children whose testimony told against her, all con veyed the same impression. The par ticular fiend that succeeded in corrupt-1 ing people who had previously borne a good name was the demon of avarice. The remark made by Makin himself that there was a good thing to be made out of babies indicated at what point the down ward tendency began. It was seen to be . a lucrative profession to adopt infants that were both a shame and a burden to their parents, and then to get rid of the cost of keeping them alive. The profit to be made was not to bo despised, and then it was made so^ easily. Nether violence nor any thing of the kind was required. All that had to be done was to withhold the i means for keeping the tiny lamp j of life alight, and then it would j go out of itself. The rest was just as simple, and was guided by the same principles. "Why acknowledge that a death had taken place, and set the j meddlesome police making impertinent enquiries % Why go to unnecessary trouble when one effect would probably he to advertise that it was not quite safe to entrust children to their care, and so ruin the busi ness V And why go to the expense of a coffin and a hearse when an hour's work with pick and spade would be so much cheaper ? It is easy to imagine the | man and woman secretly debating these j questions alone and in the dead of night when they had the first corpse on their hands. The conclusion they then came to guided their future conduct. Such questions are usually settled once for all. They do not bear talking about even by case-hardened criminals. The ghosts of the innocent little ones, however, seem to have haunted the places where their bodies were laid in unhallowed i graves. To escape from them as well as j from troublesome questioning there was repeated " flitting" from one home to another. As a rule a fresh burying ground was opened in the new locality, till at least fifteen bodies had thus been put away. That number has been unearthed by following on the track of the Makin's wanderings and there is no certainty that the tale is complete even now. The finding of the jury evidently in dicates that in their judgment the male prisoner was the more guilty of the two. It is not easy to understand how this con clusion was arrived at, for if the charge is proved that murder was done it follows as a logical certainty that the woman must have had a hand in it. The infants were under her careand in an especial sense her charge.^ The only ground on which such a convicted criminal can be recom mended to mercy is that she acted under some degree of coercion, and there is Jittle to support that theory unless it be her violent outbursts of grief and invec tives against her daughter. The reserva tion of certain legal points for the consideration of the Full Court leaves it still an open question whether the extreme penalty of the law will be inflicted, while at the same time it does not in any sense clear the accused. If the decision of the presiding judge as to the admissibility of certain evidence be upheld there will be no need of any further investigation, but if not the entire case may have to be gone over again with reference to some other of the Makin's victims. As the matter stands now the difficulty of sheeting home certain classes of crimes receives forcible illustration. It will be remem bered that the original discovery of a dead body was due to the merest acci dent. The Makins had removed from the place and deemed their guilty secret perfectly secure when the opening of a drain gave the first hint of crime. The i deed had been committed months before, j and the clue to its perpetrators was of the weakest. It was in following it up that the whole ghastly story was un ravelled which has shed such lurid light on one phase of city life, and one cause of infantile mortality. While it is only right for accused persons to have every chance of establishing their innocence, the conscience and the common-sense of the community will be outraged should the ends of justice be defeated after all by a technical quibble. 