. THE HOYELBT. THE MYSTERY OF HERNE LODGE. BT T1IK EAUL OP Dksaut. THE EPILOGUE. . . i CHAPTER, II. the end, unless- (CONTINUED.) .Emily met us nt tlio door aa wo ar rived, .with a woebegone visngo that, to my' practical mind, meant aomothing gono wrong oitlior with the cook or the cooking. ' . " Sho has nevor como out of hor room yet,, stud my wife, "audi have only with difficulty persuadod her to lot mo put some food — a slico of ehickon and a glass of sherry — through the half- opon fln'M A\Tltnf r»it ia ilvn with her ? Do eithor of you know ? I felt convinced that tho amateur, if not tho professional, slugo had lost a gein when I took to business in the city, as I pleasantly asked how wo, who had been in town all day, could possibly know nnything concerning tho inmost thoughts of a young lady at Tootham. Ralph brushed past us and retired to his own rootn. , Then Emily descanted still further on Enid's refusal to admit her to her room, aud remarked, — "To have to sit opposite Ralph at dinner while she is in tho house and yet not there, is like — well, it's like having a man to play tho liddlo, and letting him come without tho how. Can't you get behind tho mystery, John ? Your healthy, honest- " " Stupidity, Emily." " Well, choose my words if you like, my dear ; whatever it is of yours, it often goes further than tho cleverest manoeuvres cau go." I tried Enid's door, but all I got was a soft-voiced request to let hor be quiet till morning. JLlivipil) ItUtiLl CI j \\)i|n IUU 1 11 1 JJilllU 14 0 lU bo put off ; and after several colloquies through the door, it was arranged that a meeting between the lovers' should take place after dinner in tho room up stairs, which my wife called her boudoir, and which I had christened her ntcss- ' room, not alluding to military matters, but alluding to the mo3S she — preparing food for hor chickens, aud watch ing ovor her incubator which did its chicken-bearing there— made in that untidy apartment. From this interview Ralph eamo in dignant, perplexed, miserable ; a very ghost of the strong, self-reliant, bright Ralph of ordinary times. " I cannot niako her out," ho said to me about 20 times, as we sat, as usual, smoking. "'Lot her be unmade out, then. Wait till tho effect of this trash has passed off. Wait till to- morrow morning. Vou can't expect her to forgot this ghastly story in less than 12 hours." Then Emily bustled in, fresh from hearing infant prayers upstairs, and excited. " Enid is coming down!" sho cried; as 'sho spoke I saw a certain drawing down of tho corners of her mouth that betokened repressed anger. " That's right ! " I tried to speak heartily, but the tnouth frightened mo. " Is it ? " Emily could bo terribly rlntf wtlflll P.hnSfi. "I think it was bad for her to brood up there any longer," put in Ralph. " Well," and the mouth dropped cor ner-wise still, '' she is coming down now to speak to j ou two— to you two — and I am to stay away." " My dear Mrs Weltor " " My dearest Emily " Wo were both "cut short. " I am very fond of Euid as you both know ; but there nro some whims and faucietf — if thoy are only whims and fancies and not secrets, which I should not allow, at ieust so far as John is concerned — that " At this moment Euid Arthur, or Pimiicfnii fie ma Irnnw llfll 1:0 hu. glided into tho room, passed Emily as if she were not there, smiled a sad wan smile to tne, and sat down wearily in my big chair. " Don't bo offended, dearest Mrs Welter," she said in that soft tone that that no one living could resist; " soou you will know the reason of my curious conduct. Forgive mo and let me speak to them alone." Emily gave nie a furious glance— as iE I wore answerable for anything, opened her mouth to speak, looked at Enid's pale face, at hor weary eyes, with tho deep black rings under them, hesitated, and finally left the room, banging the door loudly by way of pro test. As if to make her own echo to bin' own protest she also banged hor door upBtairs; and it was not until this sound caino to our ears that Euirl spoke. She spoke to me: Ralph was standing by the mantelpiece, looking very big, very handsome, and rather eross. "You have road tho manuscript that! found in tho vault ?" " Wo have read tho document pur porting to have been written by your poor father that you took out of my collar," I replied, "feeling that common senso was especially needed hero. "And — Ralph " £ She turned to him with an imploring jOSturc, and in a minuto ho was Kneel ing bj' t'10 '! '1Gl' I'01' lulutl 10 j r0S0) p,u+. phe stopped mo with a gesture. niT ,, T "Don't go, Mr I am not aaluitnod that anyone', J0118® or all you, should see that I lo7G Ralph (Goring." Ralph kissed tho hand ho hold in his, «nd licit secretly thankful that Emily's onbral feelings were sulliuiently strong tto .preclude the idea of her ovor looking through a keyhole. Emily's ideas of lovomakiug wore strict, and perhaps peculiar. " A man," she has said, " should no more make lovo to a girl before othors than lie should take his tub in Ilyde _ Park,. .._T.ubb.iug and . loyo making are innocont, of course, but you don't want to soap or spoon before . your frionds." "Ralph," wont on Enid, in a mea sured voice: that was now in her, — " vou . know, and Mr Welter knows, what 1 know. Do you still,' with that knowledge, wish to make mo, tho daughter of such a mother, and of a father who " " Stop Enid," cried Ralph, jumping up, "tho tiling is all nonsense, a nioro hallucination of your poor father's." " Rut" if it bo all true.?" sho asked, looking up at him with a dreary gaze tlmt made my hoart ache, for I loved Enid too. " IE it woro to provo truo —which it is not — a thousand times worse oven —vou are still Enid— you aro still -my Enid." "I have thought it all- over, oh so often!" said she, passing ono little Itonrl nvn»» Imp nvpn. 11 nnil T flnnir imim ..w. --: - - Sxknow it to bo false. Oh, Ralph, oh, Mr Welter, ho was so kind, so gentle, so considerate, — it cannot bo truo I It cannot bo truo I " Here -she, in her turn, started up, and Ralph took hor in his strong arms and comforted her. I felt horribly de trop : bub was too anxious, — or was it inquisitive? — to go. For a fow moments thero was nothing to bo heard — of course I did not look — but Enid's sobs. Thou sho broko away from him. " Good- night Ralph, dear Ralph — good-night!" T.U thoir farewell thoy forgot nie, and T. was glad they should. I am still glad to think that at this supreme mo ment their good-night was not tram melled by any recollection oE an on looker. " To-morrow," said Ralph, sinking down into a chair as sho left the room, — " tomorrow .1. shall be able to niako her forgot that infernal writing." Then thero was a long silence bo- J...... .. n! llin I' 1i<nl-nr1 -Prtll H n II LWUCll lib, it oi»L'iii.u inau ntoiuu iui u»ui an hour. All of a sudden Ralph asked tne, — " Did you boar fluid go upstairs ? " I had not, but I saw nothing to won der at in that. " Rut tho house was dead quiet, and one always hoars tho croak of the swing- door at the top — good God !" Ho leaped up, lit a candle, and dashed out of tho room. I followed hi m . " Ralph— what is it?" I thought I heard tho words — " the cellar," and then he ran. down tho pas sage that led to the back stairs. Tho barred window at tho end was open and t.lio draught blow out; tho candle. I heard lum slop. " Where aro you off to?" I asked, panting, for I was not accustomed to iuiiry. " To the collar." " Without the key." " Come back and give it mo." We went hack. Thero was some thing in Ralph's face which' kopt mo silent. I wont to the drawer where my cellar key was kept, — the drawer was unlocked. "I supposo I never locked it after putting tiie key back," I said. No key was there. With an oath Ralph seized the bod- room candie, this time choosing tho one with .i class shade around it. and hur- ried out of tho room. " I followed. Tho cellar door was open. Through tho wiiie collar wo went and straight to tho opening at the back of tho false bin ; Ralph hold down tho pundlo to it. It was also open ! Beyond, all was darkness— darkness and silence, I got ono hasty view by tho dim candle-light of Ralph's profile — Lis firm ness of character very evident then ! He crept first through tho narrow opening of the vault, I waited for a spaco, while you could count twenty; for mind you, a middle- !i cod fdtv man with a wife and child dependent an him is not altogether in the habit of, or in training morally or physically for, dashing with semiiuiiatic lovers after equally touched loveresses about grj.m collars in tho dead of uiglit. And then I crept jn after Ralph. Nothing ! I have been trying to escape tl;p de scription of this scene — I have even tried my feeble powers of humor on its threshold, but hero it is at last ; nothing will ovor prov.ept my seeing that awful sight again, living through that horrible minuto once more, whenever I have a touch of .liver, or am sickening for tho: gout. For tho first second I was jd the vault there seemed to be no oue else there. I held my candle up and down, I atlvanco carefully over tiie stones, and then I stumbled over soiuotliing. It was tho Hag t hatpin id had raised long ago, when Ralph.;- nd I had been watch ing her. Tl.i eg jL J<jjvered my caudle and loolcod down. Ry tiie dickering light I only sloiyly discovered this: — Euid lying apparently lifeless in a tomb, uud, beside her, touching her, touching her — a skeleton.! " Ralph ! " J. ojaculated feebly ; and to my intenso sntisfaetioiiijlie answered jne from a cornor of tho vault. But his voice was not liko his voico, and it sounded low down — on the ground. " V/here aro you, Rglph ? " I asked again. Then J. turned roghd and saw him just as lie was gifting up. " Why— ivli.it has Imppoilfid ? " " I don't know," — ho was by my ditto and snatched the candle out of my hand ; his own must luivo fallen when he first caino in. "I can't toll — probnbly I fainted when 1 first saw that — saw her. Is alio dead ? is sho dead ? " Thpro was something weird beyond ray no"'01' description in tho Bight of him kneeling' > 1,10 gvo-for it seemed a grave-between !ho aeo.ningly mum- mute body of the girl lie "ud t,,ftt horrible thing. Thoy were lying so closo together that I. could hear tho noise nuulo by tho disarrangement of tho bones when bo moved, jt . , . \- Ho bold tho catidlo close to hor fnco, to lier mouth, and tho feeble flame flickered. Then ho gave a groat shout.. "She is nlivo ! run for help, Jack— a doctor ! for God's sake bo quick ! " I was half in the excavation myself, banging ovor them and .watching the white and beautiful fneo. " No— no doctor— mo help I " Sho- had suddenly oponod hor eyes and spoken. . " What is it, my. darling ? " said .Ralph, taking hor in his arms and try ing to lift her. " Tho story was all truo," sho mur mured, in a low voico, "quite true." " .lack," cried Ralph, beside InmsolF ; " run for lights, for " " Ralph,'' hor voico sounded clear and distinct now, " Do not send him away. Do not let anyone come hove." Sho turned with a heavy sigh, and not easily, for Ralph hold hor close, to the other side, where the thing lay al- most. i.uuciinig iter. " There — you sco ! It was . all truo, all truo. The paper was on this !' 1 took it without looking, and " For a moment lie let go his hold of her, putting his hands up to his eyes with a gesturo of horror, with an in stinct of keeping off tho sight of tho mother and ,daughtor lying together there, and suddenly a wild unearthly shriek rang rouud tho walls of the vault, and bofoi'o wo could either of us inter fere Enid had thrown horsolf upon the skoleton that lay by heir side, in hor frenzy hugging its hones to hor young body, kissing its grinning mouth whero no lips were, and trying to make the arms meet round her own swoct neck. "Enid!" cried Ralph hoarsely, " Enid ! " Rut tho only answer was another of those fearful shrieks, and then — oh! I shall hear it till I die ! — thero came from tho moving mass of tho living and tho dead, a burst of wild inorrinieiit that was worse than all. # # # Thero is hope still, they say. Tho men srcuiou m nrain msoasos noiu om, hope. .Rut Ralph Goring is a moody, gloomy, hard working "and unpopular journalist, with gray hair and a forbid ding manner, with no friends save Emily and me: and tho years roll ou slowly as ho works and tries to hope, wliilo every day his poor bleeding heart throbs moro and more slowly. Herno Lodgo is neglected and lorn again, — not to-let, for the secret of tho wino collar must uover bo revealed — but deserted of all but a euro-taker,' who livos in the drawing-room that Emily had made so pretty, so homcliko. Wo live in Essox now, and if some times in our simple pleasures, iu our joy at tho growing up of our .children, we forget tho sorrows of our old frioiul Ralph, and tho fearful fulfilment in tho ease of Enid of tho cruel if just enact ment that " the sins of tho father shall ho visited ou tho children,'' let us bo forgiven for tho fault that comes from our being only human. Emily onco a week returns from whero Enid is, with a hopeful report; but, the liopo notwithstanding, on tho nights succeeding lheso melancholy visits I pretend to sleep aud hoar hor crying far into tho night. A tamo ending to a story. Rut this, is all I have to tell abpiit tho romance of Herno Lodge : and this is tbereforo THE END. 