CHAPTER II. Although I am very much tempted to do so, I must refrain from enlarging on the hearty welcome I received at Jessie's from all the family. Mr Maitland was a thorough specimen of what is the colonial ideal of Father John Bull - bluff, kind, hospitable and trustworthy. Mrs Maitland was a lady from the crown of her silvered head to her foot, well shod and small. There was a little army ot brothers and sisters, and for a wonder they could get along without much tramping on each other's toes. The house was a big one and the family fully occupied it. Mr Maitland was a large land owner, and of course he was deeply interested in every mining adventure about Maryborough. He spoke of the Allans at breakfast several times, and seemed to think them a pair of Quixotes with more money than common sense They had stated, he said, a philanthropic scheme up in the Wimmera, but he evidently thought little of the prospects of success, Yet they were received when they drove up after breakfast with the utmost cordiality. The gentlemen retired to the study immediately after the introduction of the strangers, but during the short time they were with us, I felt that the eyes of the younger Mr Allan were always following me wherever I went about the room. It gave me quite a strange sensation \- very pleasant, undoubtedly - but utterly bewildering to a young girl who had always been on a perfectly unembarassed footing with all the men she had hitherto met, and had never dreamed of what is called love, it was a revelation. After about an hour, I was asked to the study, and Mr Maitland laid the case before me. The gentlemen were thorough believers in rhabdomancy, or the power of discovering certain metals by the wand. I had never heard of the thing before, and I suppose expressed my wonder in my face. Mr Allan explained. " There are certain persons - and you are one - who possess this power. We shall only ask you to take a walk with us and your friends and hold a little stick in your hand in a certain way. You know," he said in a lower tone, " what depends on it. We have purchased a large tract of land, and we know there is a rich reef below the surface. We want you to bring us as close as possible to it to prevent unnecessary expense. That is all. " " I have never heard of minerals being discovered by this means," said Mr Maitland, " but I know that it has been tried with the greatest success for water. If the young lady likes to make the experiment, I shall take a great deal of interest in it." What else could I do than say it would give me the greatest pleasare to be of use, though I doubted I could do much good. Ted - I always thought of him as Ted \- bent over and said - " Surely you cannot have forgotten what occurred only yesterday." I had not forgotten what had occurred, and Ted read his reply in the quick flickering glance I threw into his smiling and earnest eyes. Christmas Day was fixed for our experiment, and I confess the ordeal through which I had voluntarily promised to go prevented me joining in the Christmas Eve jollity with the vivacity of my age or spirits. Jessie rallied me on my unwonted quietness, and said it was all through the magnetic influence of young Mr Allan. Of course it was, but I was not going to confess it to her or anyone else. Christmas Day came, and the whole party of us started out on our adventure, some on horseback and a big load in Jessie's pony carriage. What I had to endure in the way of "chaffing." I was the witch of Endor at the very least, and Jessie would have it that I wanted nothing but a broomstick and my place in the carriage might be taken by Mr Allan. I was demurely silent under it all. An impromptu picnic had been suggested, and the good things provided. About-half-an hour's driving brought us to the scene of operation. I was impressed by the experience of the day before, but I must say the company generally looked on the whole thing as more of a " lark " than anything else, and the young Maitlands, all home from school, did not hesitate to express in plain terms their heretical ideas. But Mr Allan and his son seemed to have no doubt on the matter, and treated the scepticism of the others with quiet disregard. It was a pretty spot where we halted. The woodmen had long forsaken the glade between two swelling hills, but had left behind them the great stumps of the trees they had felled, and round the trunks had sprung up small thickets of shoots crowned with the soft, green foliage that contrasted with the silvery pliant branches. The soil was encrusted with tiny quariz pebbles, barely leaving room for the stunted bush grass and vagrant orchids. " Now, my dear," said old Mr Allan, " all you have to do is to take this rod by these two prongs and hold it out before you." The rod was V shaped, with what may be called a long stem. I really did feel ridicuious, but I had promised, and was determined to go through with it. It was a trying time. At first they all came after us, and we had tbe full benefit ot their opinions, and these not very complimentary, but gradually even Mr Maitland got tired of the experiment, and they all went off to see about the contents of the baskets, except, of course, Mr Allan and his son. Up the hills and down their sloping sides and across the gullies, where here and there we saw the little holes of the prospectors of the old digging days, with the tiny heaps of "mullock" at the side. Notwithstanding all my determination, I was getting tired and discouraged myself, when suddenly - A tremor shot through tin rod and quivered through my arms. The point ot the stick twisted and curved and wrinkled, and actually bent itself in the air until it formed almost a semi-circle, and nearly forced itself out of my hands. I was frightened - so much so, that if I had possessed sufficient presence of mind, I should have dropped the wand to the earth. It reminded me of Aaron's rod, which turned into a serpent. " I knew it," Mr Allan almost shouted. " Go for Mr Maitland, Ted, and bring the pick and shovel. Ten minutes' work will reveal everything." Ted went away at the double, leaving his father and me, the one exultant, the other amazed. He returned in a very short time with Mr Maitland and all the rest. In a minute he had his coat off, and seizing the great pick with his brown, sinewy bands struck it into the eartb. We all stood round in a circle wondering what we should see next. The steel point dug deep into the stubborn soil at every stroke, and rooted up the great boulders of quartz from their ancient beds. Then the strong man bent to the shovel, and swept away the loosened earth from the excavation. Suddenly, he knelt down and seemed to examine the spot where his last stroke had fallen. " There is a reef here." he said , " and right beneath where I am standing. I can't judge its thickness, but this," he continued, " will show what it's value may be." We gathered round him, and he held up a little cornered mass of white crumbly quartz, evidently broken away, and all along the blueish seams were tiny specks of shining yeliow metal, which centred in a mass of leaf-like gold, that filled a little cavern in the body of a fused rock. It was gold - gold indeed, and expectation was justified. I need not repeat all that was said in the way of wonder by Mr Maitland and his children. Jessie was more than astonished. Like myself, she was half frightened, and thought it was a bit uncanny. As for myself, I was actually bewildered, and could not help wondering at the change which the experience of two days had made in the character of a young, inexperienced and fickle girl. One can easily guess, what topic was discussed at our alfresco luncheon. When we were leaving, Ted came up to me and said - " There is no one here, perhaps, who will retain a more vivid remembrance ot this Christmas Day than you will, but you most have a memento. This piece of quartz is yours. Keep it. I may become the owner of it again, but no one has a better right than you to the first fruits oi the " Christmas Reef." I had dreams, rather pleasant dreams, that Christmas night in the dear little room, which was festooned with honeysuckle and blush rose. The days melted into weeks, and the weeks into months, and still I lingered at " Iara." The school-girl friendship between Jessie and I broadened out into the communion which lasts a lifetime. I was at home at " Iara," and loved it. Perhaps I had become accustomed to look forward to the presence of one, to make up for the gaiety of the town and compensate for the dullness of a country house. Ted Allan was a constant visitor at " Iara." With all the energy of his strong nature he threw himself into developing the " Christmas Reef," which promised to become one of tbe wonders of the country. His father's trouble about the future of his great scheme was at an end, and he soon left for town to carry out his philanthropic ideas - which completely absorbed him. Ted came constantly to see us all at " Iara," but although he and I were frequently thrown together and although I instinctively knew that I was more to him than anyone else, he never allowed his preference to be betrayed to me or any one of tbe Maitlands. I think he thought me too young for such things, and I am sure I had no idea of the extent to which he monopolised my thoughts and my existence. One evening he mentioned incidentally that the next day he was going to explore an old shaft about half a mile from the place where we had discovered the reef. " It looks," he said, " as if it was on the same line, and I should like to see how the country makes. Joe Perrian and I wiil have a look. It is just on our borders , and it will be interesting to see how the people who sank it failed to get the gold." Jessie and I knew where the shaft was and half-playfully she proposed that we should walk over and see Mr Allan and his mate at work. He seemed delighted at the proposal, and we promised, unless something else turned up, to meet him on the condition that he came back to " Iara" with us. We knew Joe well - a big, blue eyed Cornishman, with the strength of a giant, and the sunny kindliness of a child. Next day we did walk over in that direction. The shaft was at the foot of a little hill with a great mound of yellow earth raised beside it, and near it an old waterhole made years ago for mining purposes, and now partially silted up with big tree trunks stranded in the thick, muddy waters, throwing their gnarled shadows over its dim enrface. When we came to the top of the little hill, we were surprised to see a man running rapidly round the great heap in the direction of " Christmas Reef." He saw us and began gesticulating furiously and shouting for us to come quick. " There is something the matter,'' said Jessie, " that is Joe Perrian." My heart leaped to my throat, but I gulped down my emotion, and seizing Jessie's arm, I ran with her towards the shaft. Perrian was at the mouth of the shaft when we reached it. " Mr Allan has fallen down," he shouted, " are you girls strong enough to lower me ?" The air I thought was bad, but he would go down. It must be bad yet, but there is a chance it is disturbed, and I shall take it. Something has to be risked. I should go down hand over hand, but have no knowledge of the depth." The moments were precious. If there was a chance, it must be taken, and at once I felt every muscle in my body become strained and tightened, every energy and force wound up in tension. " Go down, Joe," I said, "and we shall see." There was a windlass bridging the black square hole. In the past, it was covered over with a number of planks, and we used to a take girlish delight in looking between the interstices and calculating the depth to which the gulf extended. The rope hung loose over the cylinder. Perrian caught the rope and placed his foot in the loop. We then lowered him away into the darkness. I could not, even at that moment of intense and agonising uncertainty, help thinking what a brave man this was. Without comment and without demur of any kind, he simply offered himself to death in the way of duty. There was no mock heroism there. The scanty light of the candle he held . in his hand was soon swallowed up in the overwhelming blackness, and then we heard a shout - a shout of something like gladness - not the shout of horror or despair. " Don't lower much farther. Easy, easy, that will do." We stood there wondering and wondering what was happening so close beside us, yet so far removed from us. In actual distance it was only a few steps, but what a change that distance made ! We had noticed that Joe had a long, small cord wound around his body when he went down. We heard nothing from him, but we saw the windlass rope tighten, and in a few minutes - perhaps they were only seconds, but time was an awful laggard just then - Perrian's face appeared at the surface. " He is still alive," he said. " When he fell he caught between a plank and the wail of the shaft. The plank had been left near an old drive. He was far below it when he told me to ' wind up.' The air is not very bad. Something must be done, and at once. He is fastened to the rope, but someone must be below to guide, and you two girls could never raise the weight yourselves." " I'll go below," I said, grasping the situation at once. " You will," said Perrian. " Well you are a brave girl, indeed." I don't know about being brave. I could have thrown myself down on the yellow, ugly soil, and wept in an ecstasy of hysterical frenzy, but I knew that that would be real madness. " I'll go," I said, " if you will tell me what I am to do. I have often enough climbed a rope and slid down a rope in the gymnasium." " That was in fun. but this is in grim earnest. Remember your life and his depend on your courage. Give me your hand." I held out my hand and placed it in his. It was small and brown, but I know not a tremor betrayed the awful struggle that was going on in my soul. " lt will do. You will have to slide down the rope not more than twenty-five feet. You must stand on the plank and take the cord which I have tied about Mr Allan's body. When you are ready we shall haul up. Shout to us. What you have to do is to guide. Do not allow the body to swing against the side. That is all." Then with a gleam of light in his kind face. " He will owe much to the courage of a brave woman." I said nothing. I dared not speak. " Heaven ! what a sensation it was when I swung myself over that yawning abyss of horror ! I gripped the rope with the tenacity of steel. My fingers clutched it as if they would bury themselves in its tough fibres. Then I went down. The cold walls, ugly and blotched, sprang up past me and shut out the light of day until I travelled through a twilight into almost palpable darkness. It seemed an age, but was in reality only a few seconds when my foot touched the plank and I knew that the first part of my work was completed. There, huddled up, was the form of the man so dear to me. His head was resting against the wall of the shaft, and his body was doubled up between it and the plank. Heavens ! if that plank were to fall. Down, down, far down I could hear the sullen echoes of water when the stones which I conld not help disturbing whirled through the awful void. But I most not indulge in fancies or fears. I saw at once that the big rope was securely fastened. Joe was not a man to do things by half. The cord was partly coiled on the plank, and the end trailed down far bdow. Now I could see. My own body had shut out the light, but now a square patch of sky was cut above me and I could see Joe looking down. " In God's name haul up," I shouted, The face was withdrawn. The rope tightened and I felt the plank shake and quiver and rock as gradually the tension increased, and slowly the body rose and began its awful journey. I think I did my duty, although even now those awful seconds seem buried in a cloud like the ghosts of frightful dream. Up the awful burden went, and again darkness was all around, but I kept steady, and at last I could see the load taken from the rope and drawn in by the Cornishman's strong arms. Then a great loneliness descended on me. There was a dreadful consciousness of being forsaken, and for the first time I myself became the subject of my own thoughts and the terrible possibilities of my own position almost shattered what little there remained of my courage. " Are you strong enough to tie yourself to the rope," Perrian shouted down. " If you place your foot in the loop, you will be up here in no time, but the excitement may have been too great, and I am afraid to trust you. Will you tie yourself to the rope ?" " I will - I will," I cried, "Send down the rope." The rope descended, and I wrapped the cord round it and my body again and again, and tied it as fast as I could, now trembling with excitement, my hands bruised and torn by the chafing and the unwonted work. A few minutes passed, and I was in the free open air of Heaven again, and the breeze kissed my cheek. What a difference between that glorious freshness and the stagnant and sluggish atmosphere below ! " I shall run for assistance," Perrian said. " Miss Maitland has already gone towards the reef." Now that the excitement was over, I felt the reaction. I felt the hysterical struggle and tottered to the spot where Mr Allan lay stretched out as if he were dead. Sitting down, I lifted his head on to my lap. An awful gash had torn the scalp, and there was a dreadful suppleness in the arm bent beneath him. He groaned when I touched him, but he was evidently reviving. His eyes opened, and there passed over his poor, bruised and wounded face the smile of welcome recognition. I bent down my head and caugbt the words as they struggled through his feeble lips - " My wife for the ages - I knew it." Yes, and at that solemn moment I knew it too. The clouds of fate were rent, and I could catch a glimpse of the soul life of the past. It was no longer a girl they found there bending over the senseless body - it was a woman, with a woman's soul vivified into a new life and a larger existence. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * I am contented. The magic crystal was right in two instances. I can trust for the others. At any rate, I feel transfigured, and feed my soul on the ether of hope. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 