OUR PARIS LETTER. . , fbom oub own corespondent. At a banquet whioh was held ou the 23rd inet, to oelobrnto the anniveren-y of the foundation of tho Robublio, M. Goblet made nn impor ant speech on tho lines to he adopted bv Ihl Rndi-n1-Rnninlinfc nartv in the Chamber. Tho d. finilions are not very clear, and the aims of tho parly do not setm likely to he oblaiwfl. Thoy comprise " a p'ogro-eivo transformation of the social Blate," which without partaking of ail tho ideas of Socialists, wou'd have many poirti in common with them. Amongst theee wonld ba tha obolition of the monopolies of the Bank of Franco and the mining and railway cempanies, tho separation of Cbnrcb nnd Biato, and the revision of tho Constitution "Can »< really Bry that wo live under a Republio, that is, tho government of tiio counlry by the country," eaid tbo orator, " whon for soveral months after the general eleotione we remain without representation between two aesr mblio», one of which has ceaeed to exist, and tho other is not yet called into life, and the head of the executive power roloB Franco alone with iho Min'stera?'' M, Goblet could not stale exactly what the polioy of tho Chamber was likely to be. He bopod it wrnid bo Radical, but, in any oase, bo wbb dead against " Republican Copcsntration." He would like to see the Deputies arranged in two great parti, s, s the larger of wh-ch wou'd be in power. As te the honorable deputy, who ib an ex- ; Minister, not muoh ohaogo was made by the Government while that gentleman was in power, although there were a lot of Deputies in the Chamber who asked the lame question as M. Goblet now doce- There is a great difference between boing a candidate and being in power. Ae to the partisans of tha Bnpublican concentration, they have by ne means given p 'the ghost. They maintain that a homogeneoae Ministry, although highly deeirab'e, ie impossible, or at least that its formation is premature. They ray that a solid majority must be fonnded on b common political programme, and that then only a homogeneoua Ministry can b9 formed. But aa there is no snob political programme, there is no chance of a solid majority. Such ia the view of oertaio obtefa of Opportunism, and it must be confessed that there is something in it. Nevertheless, if there is no common pro. gramme, tbore is a common sentiment ihit may well take its place, and that is tbo sentiment of resistance lo the Ultra-Radical progrsmmo. Hers there is undoubtedly oommon ground on which a m ijnrity oan tike ill stand, end a Ministry, ^present ing this majority, would not be difficult to form. Indesd, the simple polioy of te- sistanoe ia the taat of all poMlbla pro- grammes, because it is o isii r to a, ran upou what is not wonted than to frame a pro- gmmmo on which the majority can cordially agree. Tho grand sensation of tbo hour ia tlia reoonoiliation of the German Emporor with Prinoo Bismarok. Tbo Emporor sent a telegram to the Prinoo, expressing anxiety about hia boalth and offering him ono of the Royal chateaux wherein to pass tha Beriod of convalescence, as the oliinate of Friedriehsmhn ia somowhit bliak. In reply, tho Prinoo thanked tho Emperor for hia attention, but said that his modieat adviser objaotsd to bis removal for tho preeent. The news of the reconciliation ef the Emperor and the Prinoo hae been welcomed with delight by the immense mnjnritv of the German nation. Speaking of Germany the PrnBsian Diet oomes to an and in the coarse of next month by effluxion of time, and there will be a new general election. As tho politi cal eyBtem of Prussia is based on a suff rage of the moBt restricted oharaoter, the probable composition of the new diet do s not give much ' anxiety in Government quarters. It is Bnre to Vo in the main l/Oiaervalive, and tn ba sympathetic towards existing insti'iitiflne in Prussia But it ia impossible tbat Prussia oin en tirely ignore the etnte of uormon feoliog, a« manifested in tho recent elections to the Reichstag. There ie a strong Socialist e'o- ment in Germany, and this will ho refi-otod in the elrctions to the Prussian dint. This Socialistic spirit takes various disguises, but iho predominant fooling if a certain dissatisfaction with the present distribution of property. Tho distinction between those who possf Bs and thoso who do not possess pro|ierty in Germany is great, fond Prussia, after all, is butja part of Germany, and likely to echo Iho dominant feeling. The miners' strike ia the Pas de Calais, is now general, over 42,000 msn hotiog loft work. Coal production is oompletoly susponded, rxcopt at the Feriay colleries, whore out of just under 1000 employees, upwards of 700 oontinue to work. On tho whole tho miners are behaving admirably so far as publio order is concerned. Ia Belgium tho striko is entirely confined to the Chnrleroi district. The question ae to whether tho msn should go ont or not was pat to a general vote, and of 10,000 votee recorded the majority wore in favor of a strike. In none of the other mining districts is there any probability of a strike. A number of Freoob coal dcalora have sent orders to the Belgian miners, but up to tho preeent no change has boon made in the pricaB. Tbo Jogo do Paix nt Lens wrote to tho mining company asking tbom to submit to arbitration the differences between tbom and the men. Ho has re ceived an answer to the effeot tbat tbe company cannot consent to this measure, because in 1891 a definite basis was agreed io nod to thia the company has adhered, nod is prepared to adhere. Nothing has happened einoa then to entitle tbe men to claim iocreascd wages, and therefore arbi tration is ont >f tbe question. In addition to lliie reply, the company lias forwarded to the pnpoie a document ehowing that it bss always paid even more than the Bum agreed to in 1891, and that the output per man is now considerably It bs than it wbb then, The company iB prepared to prove from its bookB that all tbe Btatements be addod tbat tlia strikers appear to bs dis couraged by the failure to induce the Anzin minora to join tbem, and there is a probability that all the men will soon re sume woik. Tbe miners at Anzin are still guarded by soldirrs as a matter ot precau tion. Owing to the want of foal the sugar it fi aeries in the Pas de Calais have been obliged to suspend wo'k, ond serious injury will be done to a very important industry if tbe minors do not resume work shortly. Although not an actually accomplished fuct, there iB littlo doubt but tbat tbe post of lbs Chief of tbo General Staff will be oonferred upon General de Boiadeffre, a distinguished o flier, bearing a name wbiob is to bo found in iho military annals of tbe last two conturi.B. Both his father and nncle were officers in the " Grande Armee.'1 Bofure tbe outbreak of the Franco-German war, yomg de Boied.ffre wis aide de camp to General Chsnzy in Algiers. When tho war broke out lie was atlachsd to tbe 13tb Army Corps, uodor General Vinoy was presi nt at Bedan, and alter the sur render came baok to Paris. During tbe Beige ho left Paris in a balloon with im. porlant despatches for General Cbanzy, with whom ho stayed and raw all ths fighting that was dono by tbs a' my of tb„- Loire. After the war he was Military Attaoho at 8t Petersburg and was made a General of Brigado in 1887. A nsw edition of tbs " black book " is prepared by the Parisian mattsr tailors. 7 hia work, in which th-y insert the names of all those oustomers who do not pay, wus originally published seventeen years ago. The method by which the hook is compiled is that evtry tailor gives the name, addiers, and profession of every customer who has not paid up with regu larity, and any person who it a bid payer finds the channels of credit barred for him whenever the bo.k ia consulted. Of tbe names which figure in the list a large num. ber are marked "profession unknown", In tho e cauos whore tha profession is known the majority are tradesmen, 254 of whom appear ia the hook. Commercial travellers come next with 185, then students, 74; publicans and journalists) 81 each ; professors, 72 ; engineers, 60. There ore also inoluded46 artistv, 40 actors 40 servants or waiters, 37 druggists, 36 financiers, 33 arobiteots, 27 dootors, 27' jewelltie, 27 working mon, 16 musician's, 14 rentiers," 12 bookmakers,, and 7 sculptors. To ths honor of conoierges, ba it eaid, tbore is only sna blaok Bhoep amongst I koiu, an honor they share with tbe far less numerous vocations of Egypto logists and " tx-mayors." Tho moBt ap posite entry in a ' black book " is that of " one negro." > I An important marder trial has been \- 1 concluded at Maoa.' . A man named Bardot \- 1 waa ohargod with auaiiiniUng his mistreat tbe Oumtisso Oh-Ltiane du Chateau, u woman who, in spite of her title, Was of- very loose morals. Ho had forbidden her to nesooiato witli a woman who was even worse tban herself, and on finding har in this woman's company told hor to loave On hor refusal he stabbed lur in tho breast, inflicting u wound from whioh she diod a few minateo later. The Publio Proaeoutor- impliod that he did not objeot (o extenuat ing circumstanoes, being probably aware that tbe jury would find tbem in any oaBO, and Bardot in five yeare' time will be onoe mora iooae on oooioty. A rather important deoision wao given by the Ooart in the enit recent ly instituted by M. Eiffel against M. Lemarqnte, the legal representative of tits Panama share holders, to restrain him from patting an embargo npon oertain funds belonging to ths plaintiff, depoiitod in different banks, and Baid ta amount to about 18,000,000 francs. M. Eiffel was non- saited, ths Ornrt maintaining the warranto iesuod in force. The funeral of Benoit Melon, Pocialiet, historian, ooenomio oriti", and former member of tbs Commnno, was very im- posing and important. At lus own re quest the remains of Malon wore oremated at Pore Lschaise, and oome 10,000 parsons assembled at the obsequies. Maion's world wide repute so an advanced writer of the best type — refined, cultured, and temperate — was attested by tho disoonreea delivered at tbe cemetery by men of nationalities as varied as their social station, as well as by the general respectability of the crowd and tiio presence of a large otndont element therein. Malon died at Aomeres, and tho enrtege left that subnrban place abont 8 30 a.m. At tbe Place Olicby it wao joined by n procession of close apon 1000 persons, and en route to the cemotery tbe orowd con'inued to increase, until at tbe ontranoe to Pore Laobaise it was of very considerable proportions, On arrival at the central avenue about two oooro of red flags ond ths green bannerette of the tailors' society were anfurled amid lond ories of "Vive l'lotornaiionai," "Vive la Commune." Slowly tbs prooesBion passed on to ths orematoire, where ths flags were displayed, and, despite, a heavy downpour, speechoB were made from the steps for about an hour. Amongst tboee present were several English, German, and Italian Socialists, and revolutionaries from varionB othsr countries. Of ths orators who spoke Olovis Huguos, the poet Deputy, wee moat popular. He recited a rhythmio eulogy ocmpessd by himself. Others speakers and n numher of Freemasons were listened to with muoh attention, and tho orowd st tbe close of speaking proceeded en masse to the "wall of the Federals," where cheers were given for " the heroes of the Com mune." . MM. Delnhayo and Bontille have exbi. bitcd to the Paris Academy of St-ienee an ingenious application of eleotrioity as a fire alarm. A email ball of alnminiam is sup ported at one end of anarm,withaonanter. poise at the other, the apparatus being in equilibrium at any ordinary presanre and temperature of the air. If, however, tbe specific giavity of the atmosphere of a room ie considerably diminished either by a rise of iemperatore or an tdmixlnre of coal guB in sufficient amount to become explosive, tbe balance iB destroyed, and the la nil l n ( ftllin IV . Amnlainn an nlonlvSn s/uia iu aaiuufji t vuipiaraa nu viawittw v»» cait by which an alarm bell is set ringing nntil the normal state of tffa're is re established. Dr Abel Jeaadet has presented to the Comedio Franoaise a lelio of Talmt. It is a piece of the great tragedian'! hiart, preaerved by tho turgeon who made the post mortem < xamination, and will ba plaecd in the 8alie du Comile, next to the fine painting by Robert Henry, "The Death ofTaima." As a woman named Maubrae, who re sides at Olicby, was splitting a tog ef wood, Bho discovered ioside several tin tnheB filled with black powder, and con nected by wires. Tha report soon spread about tbat an infernal machine had been found, but on being examined at the polios station it proved to be nothing worse thm a galvanic battery, thoagh how it oame ti be inrido a log of wood ia a myBtery. The piece of wood end the battery have been esnt to the Municipal Laboratory to eee if tho question con be aolved there. A status to Joan of Aro waa unveiled tho other day at Vouooubure. High mass was celebrated at the ohnrch in the morn ing, and a eotmon of Joan of Aro wbb de livered by Abbe Le Ncrdez. M. Foinoare, tho Miuieter for Public Instruction, arrived at noon, and, after hutching with the bishop, prooeeded to nnveil the elatce, previous to whioh ceremony the bishop de. liverxd a stirring addresB, to which the Minister replied. Owing to numerous complaints, the polios have arrested at Avignon aman named Lou's Ferrand, who bad been advertising in the Paris journals and offering to provide em ployment at 10 francs a day to anybody who would send him 1 frano 26 centimes Ho hid two establishments— ono at Avig- uon and tbe other at Marseilles. At the former of theBe alone he had reeeived more than 6000 letters. From a bank book found in his possession it ap peared tbat he hid received 19,000 francs. It ia elated that ths French maoufao- turers at Aignss-Mortes have invited baok the Italian workmen, who left after tbe late fatal riots, and have promised tbat theii safety ebali be guaranteed. A nam- ber of ths men, being presumably unable to obtain work in Italy, have noaeptsd this offer. j Tho death is announced of M. Adolphe Sellenisk, 'formerly ths bandmaster of ths Repablioan Guard.' He was born at Btras- burg in 1820; and had besn a bandmaster ever tinco ho was 22 years of age. M; Bellewiok was so popular iu his native oity that the excellent town bend of Btraa- burg bad adopted bia name, and wai only known under the appellation of Ballawiok fanfare. This was luppresssd, s year ago) I by order of the Btatthalter. Bsptember 29. SSisv" 