A SOLDIER'S SECRET. "I Baw thorn today, and I can bo thom again tomorrow." j "Tomorrow? Where?" And now tho dark eyos, full of trouble, glance quick. ly up. I Hear thoso Bounds from bolowl Tho Bhrill voice of the colonel: "Column of fours. Break from tho right to march to the left." Tho inevitable boom, boom, br-r-ooin, boom, boom, of the drums. Loud plaudits and cheers from the! crowd. Lively applauso from the por-j tico. Low voico are indistinguishable, here at tno window. Brewster puns down tho shado; it may shut out the. noise, thin as it is, and so long as one;, can't see anything, why havo it up? j "Where?" sho ropeata. "I thought' thoy wont east, and that we" — But she gets no further. The pearl pendant la' rising and falling lilco a storm tossed; shallop. Her slender fingers are nerv ously twisting and untwisting her filmy, handkorohief: . Tramp, tramp, tramp, echoing tho drum boats, the column ott fours is striding away down the ap-, plauding thoroughfare. Then, as the band clears tho left flank of the line and' opens out aoross the street, joyous, spirited, ringing, it bursts into martial song. Where had she hoard that intro duction before? Surely there's aomo- - thing familiar. But she has no time to think of that now. | "I supposed— you never cared for— detached service," she faltera. "But — is it your wound?" Ho shakes his head: | "Three months ago I would not havo left the rogimont. Now I am better anywhere away from it." '! Oh, Curly, Curlyl "What fools theso mortals bel" You should have sense enough to see how utterly the situation has changed. You ought to know that something more than gratitude haa. prompted all old Berrien's clumsy ef forts' at cordiality. You ought to seo by Mrs. Berrien's unaffected kindliness that the cloud ha3 heon dispelled. Why, stand in your own light, a victim to this bumptious prido, striving to persuado yourself that had it not been for tho for tunes of war her father would have In terposed today as sternly and positively, as he did before and sho — sho would probably have as meekly, tamely sub mitted as she did that bitter night of parting at the gate? Can you never for give that unresponsive hand, that half shrinking, constrained goodby? i He is silent, waiting for her reply.1 He will not look at her, for her beauty dazzles, almost, drives him wild with passionate love and longing.. He haa worshiped her, adored her as loyal knight might worship his queen of love and beauty. Down in liis heart of hearts her image has lived through every instant of the fierce campaign and roigns there' now, rebel against it as he may. Her silence daunts him:. If he had thought to pique or trap her into qnestioning, it was unworthy of his love and her. Her little hands are clasping now. Sho haa started, raised her head, is listening in tently. Absorbed only in her, in hia love, in his wrongs, Brewster has lost all ear for tho thrilling, martial musio growing fainter and fainter down the street, hut the look in her sweet faca startles him. The color has fled. Tha dark eyes are dilating. One little hand is uplifted, as if to ward off any other sound. Borno on the night wind tha strains como full and rich upon tho ear. No wonder the girl is silenced, Btunned. Oh, for the clasping mother's arms nowl Oh, for tho lovo, tho wordless sympathy, that was hers that cold, gray wintry morning when tho battalion with its loved ones strodo buoyantly away dowii tho winding road at Pawneel All tho heart breaking sorrow, all the vague, throbbing, quivering pain, come hack to her again as now she leans breathless agnlnBt the casement listening to the same sad, Bweet, tearful old song: j Love not, lovo not, yo hapless sons of clayl ! One instant only sho stands trembling there, then a great sob surges up in her throat, and, burying her faco in hor . hands, she hursts away, she runs Bhe knows not whitlier. Out into the de serted corridor, along the carpeted aislo she speeds. Tlion to her left, wide open, brightly lighted, she spies tho elevator, and, with thu leap of hunted hare to its form, she springs within. No one there. She tries to shut the sliding door, but qiow some ono is there — Brewster — and his one arm is too strong for hor two. 1 An instant more and he is with her, blessing the fates that had carried off the attendant for a surreptitious look at the departing regiment. With quick de cision Curly pulls tho starting rope, and when the car has glided softly upward just half way to tho next floor checks its motion, then springs to her side. Nover till that instant had ho known the full misery of a crippled and useloss ami. : "Winifred, sweet one, listen!" lie cries, seizing n slender wrist and striving to draw her hand away, as, sobbing, she crouches in tlio corner of tlio cage, whilo his brave young heart is thumping with a joy and exultation it nover knew bo- fore. His bluo eyes are aflame with lovo and gladness. "Listen! Don't cry sol I must tell you." R-r-r-r-ring! goes tho confounded ele vator bell. Sho springs to her feet, sti fling her sobs, conquering her womanly weakness. "Oh, do let me out!" she cries, dash ing away tlio tears. "I won't," he answers, with such a joyous, teasing triumph in his deep toneB. "Though a million men a min ute ring that bell, I'll never let you go now— never. Yuu cruel, wicked, heart- loss gill, yon sent me away" "Oil, do let mo out , Mr. Brewster!" sho pleads. "Indeed you must. R-t- r-r-r-ring. Tliero'a that awful hell again." "You sent me away," lie calmly con tinues, whilo liis eyes dance and gloam, "utterly miserable because of yor cold ness and constraint. You knew 1 wor shiped tlio very ground you stood upuii. You know I loved yon better than any-' tiling in tile wido world" (il-r-r-r-r-r- B-r-r-r-r-r-ringO i "I must go." sho pleads, straggling hard to troo tho hand ha lias clasped, "Oh, do. Mr. Brewster." "You shall; you shall tho VoryinstaJ ' you hava paid toll, Miss Berrien," lit laughs low. (R-r-r-r-r-r- B-r-r-r-r- ringl) 'Til put you out on any floor you wish, when yon have said just two words." "Oh, quick! Do let ruo go!" and sho makes a frantic lmigo at tho starting rope, hut too late. His daring arm i3 around her now. Ho can use hut one, and that has enfolded and drawn her close to his breast. The clat-tor of tho boll is deafening. "Oh, pleaso," she murmurs, struggling in vain and glanc ing up in his glorifiod face; "Hot until you say, 'Yos, Carroll.' Wow, quick! Winifred, do you love mo, "just a little?" Wo answer. Head bowed again, and now on the only available resting place. (B-f r-r- B-r-r-r-r-r- B-r- r-r-r- ring!) "I can't hear," ho laughs low and joyously, and tho blond head hows until tha curling mustache is sweeping her flushed and tear wet cheek ''Did you speak, Miss Berrien?" "Yes. Carroll." A more wh'— "Ijodaer, pica so, Oh, what eloquence thero is in that one clasping arml "Oh, pleaso, lot mo got Yea, yeal yes! — if I must." And then tho hell rattles madly, hut unavailingly, arid for tho instant neither hears. For tho in stant sho can speak no more, for tho soft, red lips rtro scaled. ; Two minutes later, as that brightly lighted car glides down and comes to a stop at the parlor floor, a flushed aud wrathful youth ' confronts the tall cav alryman who calmly steps forth as "though on air and holds out a warning hand". "Young man, if ever I hear of you qnitting your post again and allowing a .novice to get caught between floors, you'll got into trouble. It's lucky for you I'm tho only ono who can toll any- ' thing about it this time." But tho wrath is gono, and with bulging ' eyes the hoy glares at the round gold pioco in his palm, then at tho vanishing lieu tenant and then into the emnts car. Homoward bound I Tho horses are aU aboard. Tho second battalion has steam ed away. Berrien's men from the car windows are answering tho cheers of the crowds of citizens assembled to see them oil. Tho ladies, safely ensconced in tho cozy interior of the Pullman,- are Baying udion to tho number of friends, army and civilian, who have accom panied them to the train. Tho conduc tor ha3 just reported "All ready, sir," to Major Berrien, who goes back in command, and Winifred, clinging to her mother's side, pcera eagerly ovor the hcuds of the surrounding throng. Hol- den signals to his better half to cpmo off, unless she prefers going hack to Paw- rco without him, and with much laugh ter and playful effort to keep her aboard, in which the jovial major is most prom inent, that popular young matron is finally lifted from tho roar platform. Mr. Ridgeway, who ha3 attached him self to Miss Berrien's side, bocomos sud denly aware that sho lias disappeared1 and returned to the intorior, nlso that Curly Brewster, waving a brown tele graph onvelopo over his head, has shoul dered his way into tho crowd and is making for tho car. "Wants another goodby word, I suppose," gro\vl3 Ridge way to himself, in deop disgust, ' yet comforted ' with the thought that tho train will be off in a moment, leaving Brewster behind. Far forward a hell begins to ring, tho steam to hiss; tho couplings of tho boa cars jerk aud strain; the horses snort and Btainp in their wooden cages; tho motion readies the rear of tho train, and tho Pullman leaps forward with Budden start, then settles into slow, geritlo glide along tho 1 polished rails. \- 'Tnmb!o off, Brewsterl" shouts Ridgo- way in feverish anxiety. "You'll be car ried away if you don't." "Shut up, Ridgo," whispers Randolph urisyiupathetically. "He's carried away for good. It's you that's left:" , . "Why, hello! hero's Brewster!" booiris . 'the major as lie enters the sunshiny car, when at last the crowded station has faded from view. "Thought you were : 'ordered to Washington, lad? Changed -your mind, oh? What, Berengaria?" ' \- "Be quiet, Dick," whispers his amil- ihg wife. ' "Ho hasn't changed his mind. Neither has Winifred." ' But Holden is riot the only one of the Pawnee party who remains. Sc-rgeant Ellis has a furlough to visit Louisville, 'and is to tako the train thither. In his cavalry nniform ho was at the station to seo his comrades safely started, and . the la3t choers of the troopers were for : him a3 ho stood with kindling eye and ' flushing cheek, the center of a crowd of . curious citizens. As the train disappears around the distant curve Holden touches , his shoulder. \- "At noon, Ellis?' "At noon, sir," is the prompt response ; ' and the sergeant recovers himself and, 'springing to attention, raises his hand in salute. Holden smiles. "I fancy that's about tho last time' you'll be doing that sort of thing,"! he cays significantly. "You may rest assured that the im- pulso will remain, doctor. It is tho out ward sign of an inward respect that every day has only served to strengthen." At noon Holdon is at tho hotel with a carriage, and Ellis, transmogrified, a de cidedly distinguished looking civilian, stops forth from tho vestibui" and joins tho doctor. "To Warren L. Guthrie's ofllco," Is tho brief order, and tho carriage rolls rapidly away. "Mrs. Holden is with Miss Guthrio now," says Holden, after a moment's cilenco. "As yet alio is to bo told noth ing — .is you desire; but should we hear favorably as to the commission beforo cur return to Pawnee?" ho asked tenta tively. "Ko, doctor. If we moot again it must bo as I was, not what this cam- jfaign lias mado mo." " What you have mado yourself, maul ' JJon't talk of it in that way. The Lord made you a gentleman. You made yourself a soldier." Ellis smiles. "A gentleman despite night prowling arid petty larceny?" ' "Well," says Holden, "that's some thing I leave you to isottlo with her. It '|cems you only carried .out a fair warn- ing, though .of course you had no idoa of tho ghastly effect it would havo. But you never .told mo how you reached that balcony." . "Easily enough, doctor. I.simply took a light rope and grappling hook from tho firehouso, climbed up the rear porch at tho end away from where Kathloon and Murphy wero, went along tho south slopo of tho main roof to tho chimr.oy, slung tho rope abont it and lowered my self gently to tho balcony, then throw off my overcoat and stood at tho open window. Sho had gone, and I thought I was too iato, hut catching sight of tho very picture whoso return she had de manded and whioh I had sworn to have ngaiu as well as to see her, I was jnst en tering when I heard her step upon- tho stairs. I did not see her. Idonot3oehow it was possible for her to seo mo ; yet thera came that scream of terror, and tho fall and then the rush. It all flashed over mo in an instant that I had boon guilty of a mad brained prank— that it would never do to bo caught there; it could never ho explained. I was up on the roof in a second, snatched away the hook and ropo, crouched down to the hack porch, waited a momont for Murphy and Kathleen to run in6ido, thou slid to tho ground, hid the rope under the wood pile in tho dark collar, squeezed through a gap in the fence into the captain's yard next door — they wero all over at tho Hazletts' — then donned my ovorcoat and joined tho men running tip from tho laundresses' quarters. La to nt night, as tho sentry told Captain Rolfo, I wont back, ostensibly to got my pipe, and re- . covered the ropo and hook. That was all." Holden ponders a moment: "My wife has told mo what sho know of your ' interview with Mr. Guthrio after poor Jack's death; but Miss Guth rie would never speak of what passed between herself and you." . On tho pale, clear cut face the lines of care and Borrow and privation seem to deepen. The shadows darken about tho mournful eyes. "I suppose I should never have blamed hor ns Tdid," he answers', -"but I was mad with grief ovor Jack, with helpless, hopeless indigna tion over Percival'B accusation; and then, of all others, to have hor turn against me as sho did — that was the bit terest cup! Her father's influence in her overwrought condition was what did it, I suppose; but she drove me from her sight ns though I were indeed a felon, demanded tho return of every line and trinket sho had ever given me — oven that prized little carte do visite I had- carried abont me for a year. It was then, whon she declared she would never look upon my faco again, that I went wild with misery, or despair, ibup- poso. Is wore that sooner or later sho should seo mo, and that before I died her picture would ho back here in its old place, and then I loft her. God knows, tho experiences of the years that followed might have knocked the ro mantic nonsense out of any man. My poor sister seomed to be tho only ono who had any faith loft in me. I wan dered all over tho west as Ralph Erroll, mining, 'grab staking,' working like a dog. "I was starving in tho hills when Brewster oamo to my aid. I couldn't take his money without telling him something of my story, hut I gavo ao names. He doesn't know today any thing about tho old trouble— idoes- ' frcuin that he well knows the people vho wero onco my most cherished friends. It was through him 1 enlisted, and within thrco months a mine I had located and yet couldn't sell for a dol lar began to pay. By tho time we .cached Pawneo my half interest in it proved worth all my years of toil. Then 1 thought to eeo her ngain — took my fur lough at tho very tirno hor father was weat trying to find me and undo the wrong he had done, and — you know the rest. She was here, and I returned only to learn that sho was about to leave and that Captain Rolfe was her accepted lover. Bearded, aged, uni formed as I wob, I believed ehe would not know me even if wo wore to meet faco to face, and believing, more, that no vestige of the regard she onco felt for me remained, believing, too, that she was to marry Captain Rolfe, I was bit- tor, brutal, mad enough to strive tc carry out my vow. Tv.'ico I had seen her on that balcony on the moonlit even ings, and I determined that tho Slight of her departure she should see mo for tho last time." You know tho rest. I shaved clean, so as to look us much as possible as I did in tlio old days, wore my civil ian dress and — nearly killed hor.!' "It was a fearful experiment," sayB Holdon gravely. "Abont the maddest tiling you could havo done." 1 was mad, doctor, when I heard she was to marry him. God knows I have realized it daily, hourly, ever sinco. And yot, how could she havo seen ine? She never reached the door." '"Simplest thing in tho world. Noth- , ing but tho old priaciplo in optics — the . angle of incidence and the angle of re flection. That mirror ovor tho toilet table did tho job. I saw yon in tho moonlight at the balcony window when yon couldn't see ma in tho dark hall, and neither of us could have eeeu tho other had tho mirror been away. Now hero's Mr. Guthrio. Mind you, you'vo got to make nmends for that harebrained poo- formanco at Pawnee; so no word of re proach to him. He's old and broken." Three minutes later tho clork has re tired, after ushering Holden aud his friend into the private ofiico. The in stant tho latch has clicked a gray haired, soitow stricken man, tears standing in his fading eye3, hands quivering and . trembling, totters forward and might , havo fallen bnt for tho strong arms that catch and clasp him. "My boy's friend! my boy's friend— whom I so wrongodl" ho falters, and ' then for awhile there ifl solemn silence. "Is Mr. Percival'6 confession complete, and lmvo you soon it?" asks Ellis gently. "I have, my boy, at last." "And it clears me, Mr. Guthrie?' . "Utterly and entirely," tho old man! cries. "I thank my God 1 was wrong-— ; I waa wrong I" j Ono scene moro. Pawneo again. The ! night train has come from the oast.' i Holden'o carriagols at too' ' oB, 'oaS: so is Brewster. 9 ' ' "All right?-all prrangod?" whispers .the doctor, as ho springs from' tho cap j' and grasps the liontenont'a hand. T'.'AIl right! xKonyon's just left liim,? answers Curly, and then busies himBelJ lifting tho merry children from tha step, welcoming Mrs. Holden and care- . fully assisting Nitu Guthrio to tuc ulab." \- form. "You happy fellow!" she murmur- ; "How can I congratulate you? It's an ;; nounccd, is it not?" And for a mcmon- Bho seems, despite pallor and fatiguo. , tho old buoyant, radiant Nita. j, "Announced?" answers . Curly. ' "My ! ; mothor-in-law elect— God' bless heir— ' j says my face announced it before that . elevator could roach tho lower floor." : They drive rapidly up tho winding j road, and, though plainly nervous and : excited, tho fair guest never loses her ' presence of mind. Sho has something j appreciative to Bay as they pass each fa. j miliar object — tho lower gate, whore the. xpruco sentry stands at a carry in sa lute; tho guardhouse, whero tho relief ie just forming; tho broad wost gate; the . brightly lighted barracks across tho pa- rado; the group of trumpeters in the moonlight out under the tall, glistening flagstaff. Then como the rush of Mur- i phy and Kathleen to open the door and assist them to alight; tho rapturous greeting between tho children and their | Hibernian friends; tho fragranco of cof-: foe floating in from tho kitchen; tho' hickory logs snapping and sparkling in; tho fireplace; the old familiar rooms; tho swinging lamp in tho hall. "Wolcomo to Pawuoe onco more, Nita," says Holdon, clasping both her j hands. "Wo ve had enough of pale , cheeks and drooping spirits. "We've brought yon hero to recall tho roses— to win you baok to joy and health, and to your own old room, Nita. Now will you promise not to faint this time, no matter what spooks you see?" Sho is trembling violently. Sho looks , into his booming faco with eager, ques tioning, imploring eyes. "Como, dear," whispers Mrs. Holdon, "I'm going up with you." ! Tho doctor summons tho ohildron into ; tho dining room to seo the lovely flowers on tho table. Mrs. Holden twines her arm abont her couBin's waist, and up the stnir thoy slowly go. Nita trembles mors and more. Thoy aro within a few steps of tho landing, and as they como in sight of tho open door Nita shrinks closer to her consin's side. Thrco steps more and In the dark chamber thore gleams that silvery shield of mirror between the dim white curtains, reflecting tho dazzling moonlight from without, They reach the' landing and Miss Guthrie pauses, breath, less, unnorved. She can go no farther. ; i "Nita, it was no ghost you saw," whi®-; pers Mrs. Hold6n. . "Shall I call him?". One instant the blue, eyes dilate, wild: with hope, incredulity, joy and fear, all intermingled. Then there is the sound of a quick, springing stop along the hall. A tall, dark halrod, dark eyed soldier fairly leaps toward them. Nita turns; quickly at tho sound, and then with out stretched armB throws herself forward to meet him. No terror, no anguish now, hut, as sho is clasped to his heart, Joy -unutterable in her stifled cry , in tho one word — "Haroldl" ; xas bhd. . . 