THE IYSTEM 0! KAMA 5 DONIBitSKA i Chapter I. L The first time that auy one m Florence heard or saw the name of Donimirska was one afternoon in February, 1878, at the house of Mme. de Montrieu. A letter and card were handed Madame by a punotilijus footman who awaited orders like a wax figure. Madame was in her salon sur rounded by a few intimes—some fascinating ladies and as many gentlemen to be fascinated. After glancing at the card Madame tossed it to her cousin, Lucille de Fayette, with the observation, en passant, “ Pretty name, n’est ce pas ?” Then she opened the letter, which was from a dis tant and distinguished acquaintance in Mos cow. It was a polite letter of introduction presenting the sisters Katherino and Karina Donimirska, “ both musicians of the rarest attainments, Mile. Katherine being as fine a pianist as her sister is a singer. The.writer recommends them to Madame’s considerate attention and presents his cordial saluta tions,'’ etc. _ “A pair of prodigies—how charming! exolaimed Madame de Montrien, after read ing the note aloud. “ A veritable novelty for my reception next week. Who brought the letter?” she aBked the footman, who was still waiting. ; ** A young lady. She is in the reception «• Oh_she oalla at once,” observed Madame. (* Quite unconventional, but excusable, Isun pose, with artists. Show her to the salon. * | The servant withdrew and his return waB ! awaited with eome curiosity. After a few minutes “ Mile. Donimirska” was announced, the portiere was drawn aside and a young girl entered alone and rather timidly. She had left her hat and mantle in the ante room, whioh proceeding was as quaintly un- . conventional as the call itself. If she had done this for effoot it was certainly well , planned, for her appearance as she stood be fore the light and bright silk draperies at the door was surprising—in fact, startling. Her gown was black, her hair was black and her | eyes were black. In contrast to this, the \ flesh of her face and hands was white ana , fine as a lily. She woro her heavy hair with- ( out eurl or wave; parted in the middle and £ drawn loosely over the brow back to the nape | of the neck, where it was held in a Grecian j coiL Her gown was of satin and fitted to ] perfection, but was absolutely devoid of i trimming. Milo. Donimirska advanced to- , wardB the hostess, who arose and greeted . her in French, which language the girt spoke , fluently. _ t “ Artists are always most welcome in our j salon,” Madame averred with much gracious- ( After her visitor was seated, and they had , exchanged a few general and courteous re- , marks the conversation became more personal. ] “ Will you appear in Florence pro- . fessionally?” “Yes, Madame, that is the object of our j visit to Italy. My sister is still singing in ; Russia, but I come on in advance to prepare the way, as it were, for her comiDg.” These , words were spoken with a pleasant smile and an air of confidence. | “ Then I infer we seo before us the . pianistc,”suggested Al.de Fayette (“Lucille’s husband," as he was generally designated in ; the salon). , “ Yes, Monsieur,” she replied, without any , further comment. “ Will your sister Boon follow you?” en- < quired Madame, who had quickly seized on to the plan of having this pair of prodigies at - her reception. “ Oh, yes. I expect her in a few days." j 1 * If she in any way resembles her sister, we shall be very happy to make her wel come,” asserted the hostess cordially. Mile. , Donimirska smiled amusedly on hearing this, and then explained “ In that ease Karina’s welcome is as- | sured, for we resemble each other very much. ; My sister and I are twins, you know.” “ Oh, iudeed, how interesting 1” they all exclaimed. Mme. de Montrieu was de lighted. _ “ You a«» oWia , ami to turns you aicvotb bo gifted, how oharming it mnst be to see and hear yon together.” “ Well, I don’t know about that. Karina does sing wonderfully, but I only play.” “But how does Mile. Katherine play? May we not have an opportunity of judging ?” again suggested M. de Fayette. . “Certainly, if you wish it. What shall I piny ?” was the prompt reply, and she im mediately went to the piano. “DoyouknowtheRhapsody?” aBked one complaoent dowager in languid, aristocratic “Yes, Madame, I know several; which one do you wish ?” “Oh, of course I mean Liszt’s. My daughter plays it,” she answered with a self-satisfied manner. “But Liszt has composed fifteen rhap sodies.” Ab the Db wager seemed unable to make her request more definite, Mme. de Fayette spoke up. “ Oh, do give us Greig’s spring song. It is such a favorite of mine, although, of course, it is only a trifle. I heard Plante at his last concert fairly fling it from his fingers like a feather.” This laBt sentence was addressed more to the room than the pianist, and conveyed the impression that Mme. de Fayette knew exactly how the piece should be rendered1 But they soon forgot Plante and everythin!? else. Mile. Donimirska’s playing waB sb beautiful that her listeners were carried away. She seemed to he describing rather than performing thiB idyllic song of 3pring. Faint and faraway as an evening zephyr are the first tones whioh glide from tne right hand. They tremble and vibrate like flutter-1 ing leaves—a movement which continues throughout the first part, while constantly weaving in the most weird and fantastic har monies. But this is only an accompani ment to the tender, bell-like melody whioh the left hand carries. While by no means slow in tempo, there is yet something langnorons and amorous about this melody, and it is borne upon the accom paniment like the perfume of flowers upon the breeze. The second part is more sombre _a rift ot olouds aorosB the moon, a touoh of dullness to the atmosphere. But it is soon over, and the mellow brightness sgain bursts forth more glorious than before. The melody is now uppermost, and is light and fanciful as gossamer. The breeze has subsided, there ia only a shadowy accompaniment in the left band and everything seems white and still. The whole pieoe is ethereal as a vision. Scarcely had the last tone-wave subsided when a short, thick-sot, square- faoed, finely dressed man appeared at the portiere. “ Ah 1 It is a lady 1 Bravo 1 Bravo 1 I ' always appland the'ladies.” This was said with a Bmile which was supposed to be 1 gallant. “Bon jour, mesdames and machore hostess.” ’ He kisBed Mme. de Montrieu’s jewelled ! fingers, and all things indicated that he waB a 1 familiar guest of this salon. Every one greeted him smilingly. • “ We hardly dared hope to see Count . d’Omar to-day, bat you see, blessed are they who expect nothing 1 ” exolaimed his hostess , brightly. . •* But what is this I hear on entering— k classical music instead of the latest gossip 1 } Quite an innovation, to be sure.” t “ Oh, yes—allow me to present you to to Mile. Donimirska.” Allle. Donimirska bowed from her place at the piano. A strange pallor had crossed her face when the Count entered, and there came l to her face a look of defiance. M. de Fayette observed this and thought it was caused by j the Count'll first flippant romark, which bo glaringly revealed ma lack of musical appre ciation. “ Always happy to meet a musician,” af a finned the Connt as he acknowledged the in s troduntion. “Can’t you give us something r else, Mademoiselle, something gay and lively 1 —a good, rousing valse? Do you play any t daaoe music ? " I “ Oh, yes, Monsieur; I oan give you a o dance, ” and before there was time for another d remark or question she turned to the instru T ment and played a prelade of twelve weird e and solemn notes like the strokes of a bell, n Then she leaned forward with more tension and began to jerk and snatch from the.piano a rugged, Tattling valee theme, angular ami o spasmodic in character. • i Jjs diablo ! What do you call that piece?” v asked the Count, in an aside, of Mme. de ' Fayette. 1 “ Your exclamation is apropos,’ was the j ready response. “ It is the ‘ Dance of a Death,’ by Saint Saeus.” Ihe Count mentally decided never to start ” that girl on another valso. ' As a musical description of midnight, jj ghostly revelry this ‘ ‘ Dance Macabre ” has J probably never been surpassed. It presents t a vision of skeletons, demons and ghosts a capering around open graves. The skeleton theme is always spinning and chattering, h but the ghost dance is gruesome and t stealthy, but never slow, they are all too » hurried—the time is short from 12 to 1. And o then you hear them shriek and scream, and a they chase each other around tho dump churchyard. S Katherine’s fingers themselves seemed to a be demons racing over a graveyard full of t: white slabs and black monuments. But finally e the dancers shuttle to their graves, the last v belated skeleton hurries to his place and tho a olock strikes 1. s Aside from the wonder it aroused Kathe- t rine’s playing awakened a strange interest in herself. But there was little opportunity t on this occasion for further acquaintance, as j, she soon and very abruptly arose to go. When she touched Mme. de Montrieu’e hand ^ at parting that lady said, “By the way, g ma chere, if you have come here profession- £ ally it will be well, you know, for you to meet some of our influential people ; of course T the most select of that number you have already met,” and she smiled prettily towards her other guests. “ But next Wednesday I ^ give a large reception. _ You may bring your sister then, and I will introduce you to many of my friends.’’ r Thus the clever, social tact of Mme. de Montrieu construed a tavor desired into a , favor conferred. The Russian girl thanked Madame “extremely,’’ and after bowing a genera! adieu retired. “Funny little black thing, isn’t she ?” re marked the Count. CHAPTER II. Mme. do Montriou’s salons looked very beautiful when decorated and thrown open for a reception. There wero tne two grand saloDS and a small one, the music- room and conservatoire, all illuminated with innumer able wax candles and perfumed by countless llowers, and Madame herself looked charming in her Pans gown of pale green velvet, em broidered with dainty moss roses. But Madame was not happy It was that last uucomfortable half hour when the roomB are yet empty, but the hostess must be there ready to make welcome the unfortunate first comer—the hour when tho sudden “regrets” from the most important guests are liable to arrive, and above all it is the hour when you are just weary enough to iinagino ail the mishaps which could mar this, your pet re ception of the season. But Madame’s un huppiuesB at present was not purely imagin ary—the usual sudden regret had arrived. “Now, who is it?’’ she exclaimed, with irritation, as she opened the envelope. “If it’s the English Embassy I shall be furious !” It was not from the Embassy, but Madame was nevertheless very much annoyed. “ It’s from that little Russian pianist— that is always the way with professionals— you never can count on them !” “What is the matter with her?” asked Mme. de Fayette, who stood beforo one of tho mirrors readjusting for the sixth time the diamond orescent in her hair. “ Oh sick, of course! They are always ‘ indisposed' at the last moment.” “ But is the sister also ill ? Did she arrive yesterday as expected persisted Lucille. “ Yes, the sister is coming,” Madame re plied more placidly as she read the note. “ Her name is Karina, I must not forget it. But what do I want with one of them ? The novelty was in having twins—twin-prodigies ! I oau always find plenty of singers. Who knows whether this Karina oven sings well, and besides there is no telling how sho will appoar and act—she may be ridnculonB !” But Madame’s expostulations were inter rupted by the Bound of carriage wheels out side and voices iu the halls. , — mho rtion had commenced. Madame was smiling and'graalomitxxecyQne wasjsmUoi ing and gracious. The rooms were'Eoon bril liant and glittering with gorgeous costumes and many jewels. Mme. de Montrieu was a hostess of adtnirablo cact and quiok percep tions. She could take in at a glance the amount of conversational ability at the com mand of every group in a room. She knew bow to rout or disperse the young men who happened to be wasting their entertaining talents on each other. It was a stupid per son indeed who ever left Mme. de Montrieu’s salon with a consciousness of having ap peared to disadvantage. She always drew out the best qualities of each person—a greater gift this than many accomplishments. It was over an hour since the first guest had arrived. The English Embassy had come in full force; the moat distinguished per sonages wore already there—even Count d'Omar, who was expected late, Imd arrived, smiling and decorated with Russian orders. As Madame was passing her cousin at one side of the room Bhe murmured hastily: “ Will you believe it, that singer has not come yet ' She is evidently _ planning to arrive late and moke a sensation. I know something will happen to mortify me—things are going too smoothly so far.” “ Perhaps that is she now,” replied her cousin, and Madame went forward to meet the new arrival. Karina Donimirska it was indeed, and Mmede Montrieu certainly experienced a sur prise, but not euch as she had feared. Jllle. Donimirska entered the room like _a qneeD, and looked like one. There was iu her hearing no trace of the timidity and look of social experience which was observable in the sister. But in form and feature their re semblance was quite marked. “I eee Mme. de Montrieu is not certain whether it is I or my sister,” she observed with an amused smile. But a society woman never reveals much surprise. “ No. I think I should have known yon apart, although tho likeness is very striking. Bat, you see, I find it dilhcult to greet you as one whom I meet for the first time. It seems as if I know you well,” and Madame verified . her words by claBping Karma’s hand cordi tl si tc g ol di tc 6] I <1 h h d t fl t< ] ( “ Then, Madame, I have reason to very | thankful for the resemblance I bear to . Katherine." Karina bowed as gracefully as ; she spoke. i Mme. de Montrieu’s welcome was genuine; ; indeed any hosteea might he proud ot Karina Donimirska as she appeared that afternoon. Her costume was superb. It was of white Batin, not cream white, but a snowy, daz zling white, and this was riohly embroidered with gold. But the great effect and beauty of the costume was ita trimming of Russian L sable, a broad baud of which outlined train i and also the low-cut bodice. The dark fur ) against her splendid white shoulders formed a striking contrast. Her hair was darn like 1 Katherine’s, hut was dressed more elabo i ntely, being drawn high and held in place 3 by a gold dagger. Her eyes were also dark, but somewhat concealed by dainty gold eje t glasses, which did not wobble or lean to one f side, hut stood erect and firm on her well s shaped nose. She wore no jewel, excepting one single pearl ring of immense size. Suoh was the creature towards whom Mme. ; de Montrieu had so recently harbored un generons sentiments. No wonder she was a surprised and almost disconcerted at the first sight. But her manner was now gracious t ness itself. c “And your sister, is she very ill? Iso s regret her absence.” a *' Yee, Madams, I must confess that only a f severe indisposition could have induced j Katherine to forego the privilege yon have \- so kindly extended to ns. I would not have left her, but Bhe insisted on my coming.” .1 “I am very glad of this,’’replied Madame, \- honestly; “it would have been too bad to r lose both of yon.” I After a few further polite inquiries about ’ jiUe. Katherine, the hostess summoned the ’ nearest standing cavalier and presented him. a This happened to be Count d'Omar, who r had been observing the new beauty ever . since her entrance. j »< lint I believe we need no introduction—is it not the charming pianist whom I had the a honor of hearing last week!” o He felt somewhat relieved when informed o' B of hln mistake, for in point of fwt the 14churmiug pianiato** had not attracted him, whereas this gorgeous creature commanded unqualified admiration, and it was "ratifying to learn that he need not undo any first im pressions in ord^r to now pay his devoted attentions. - . Aud devoted he ^ertainly was from the farat moment to the last of their intercourse. Whether Mile. Dcnimirska was pie«sod with hie attentions or not it was difficult to judge, but certain it iB that she permitted them, even to the chagrin of other admirers who were apparently more desir able and suitable than the Count. Some have wondered, but none understood why the gquaro-faced, BmuU-eyed, more than middle-aged and dissipated Count was fav ored by such a beautiful and brilliant woman as Karina Donimircka. Whon she sang all hearts were captivated. Some voices make you think of things grand and noble, like cathedrals and historic °as* ties, others call up visions of the dainty and exauiaite, like jewels and flowers, but this voice made you think pre-eminently and always of a bird. The quality was light and sweetand high, aud her art was so perfect that every note came with bewildering ease. 44 Patti micht well envy you,** exolaimed the Count with more fervor than understand" ing. As an artist. Mile DonimirEka could cer tainly take the highest rank—scales, arpeggi, stacatti and trills were allrendeted with equal facility. “ Where did you study ? Who was your master ?" inquired dime. do Montrieu, m eostacies. “My father, Madame, taught us every “He must he a wonderful musieftra.” “Ho was, Madame, but wehavo no father now.” There was a ring of bitterness as well as grief in her tones, but Madame only heard tho words. (To be Continued.) 