CHUECN INTELLIGENCE. The Rev. J. W. Mouland preached afi the Prospect Wesleyan Church on " Time's re demption" last dun day morning to a large congregation. Miss Patohell presided at tne organ, and Mr. Knill led an eincient ohoir that rendered aii anthem suitable to the occasion. The preacher took his text from Ephesiane v., 16, and said the figure of the text was caught from the marts of commerce, the incoming tides of commercial life easting up many a precious prize which was seized at the right | moment and which "led on to fortune." But uncertainty and disappointment wait upon all earthly things and prospects. Certitude lies only in one direction—that wherein stands the Saviour with His promise " Come to me and I will give you rest." Christ is never far off to j him who humbly seeks Him. "Hearer is | He than breathing, nearer than hands and feet." j ■ Mr. Mouland referred to the value of time, i that little space between the wondrous past ' and the misty future allotted to man for the j working out of life's great enterprises— the ! only ground on which we could build character ■ and erect a temple of worship to the "great, the holy, and the High." If many of those j whom death claimed during the past year i could come from their graves and re-live their! I lives what a different verdict would the end ! of 1S93 record from that of 1892! How many temptations would be overcome, how much I error remedied! The foes that invaded the I sacred domain of the soul—envy, greed, sel fishness, pride—would find less provsnder on which to satisfy their hunger. Many people valued time by the amount of enjoy ment, fashionable excitement, or money gathering that marked each year; but we should value it by the ideal Christian character that may be formed within its sacred moments, each of which was pregnant with possibilities of good and evil. God's presence and the j Holy Ghost's operatio on the heart will transmute the common moments into pearls and the daily duties into diamonds of price less worth. We should redeem time by lifting each day above the level of its predecessor. Time's value can only be fully known by seeing what every moment produces. The hearers were advised to buy up every oppor I fcunity to inform the mind and enlarge the heart, and to regard time and duty as insepar i able. Tne secret of the Church's weakness was in shutting God out of its minor con | ferences, The name of God was oftener on the tongue than the spirit of Christ is in the heart and life. The preacher closed with earnest entreaty to connect the present with the future in such a way as to redeem the time i from frivolity and low desires. The quarterly meeting of the Ivooringa and Hallett Bible Christian circuit wa3 held on Wednesday, December 2S, at the residence of Mi1. Richard Collins, Mount Bryan. There was a large attendance. The income for the quarter was reported to be within £5 of the quarter's expenditure. The reporb of the year presented by the pastor showed that seventeen young persons from the Sabbath- schools had joined the church, and 25 members had been added. The local preachers had worked with diligence and good feeling. The debts on three trust estates had been reduced. Mr. John Wise was appointed representative to the district meeting. The full amount of the missionary estimate had been raised, as well as a contribution to the China mission, while it was also expected that by a little effort the circuit debt would be cleared off. 