XJ3 LITTERATEUR. (From tee Wdek.) PJROIiOdbB. Between mysBtilstd and mystery thoro is only A thin movablo partition. j Give it a puab, and you may pass from one into tbo otber. Last Week I .referred to mysticism generally, and Specially to its development in religion. This Wbbk I drop upon its near neighbour, myetery in religion; and specially upon that branch of it associated with thit season bf tho dhristlau year. Tho events of Easter are always plaoed in tho eatogorjr of myatoiy j and SometlineB they are so placed os a cover for ignorance, rather than as a sphere for faith. Tho several Chief parte in the mysteries of Easter taay, perhaps not unfairly, be placed in their time ordor, whioh docs not regard the Importance Of eaoh. First is the allogod historic fabt of .tee wsurteotion of JcSuB ; tholi the allegod nature of the resuTreotiou Whioh Ho experienced; thon the resurrootion of all mankind, or ef believers in Hhn, as a tcquonco of His resurrootion. At Easter tho Clergy of moat churches take up these aubjeoto s if they had novor been treated bofore ; thfey traverse the original ground by well worn roads, and seem to be refreshed teomsolvcs, if only because it ia a year Binco teoy wont that Way. At St. Stopbon's Cathedral on Easter Sunday momihg, the preaohor, 6o it is re ported, devoted himself with muoh earnestness to proving tee fact of JESUS CHRIST'S RESURRECTION, This, though said to bo as muoh a matter of history as is tlio fall of Jerusalem, nearly always is, by proaohers, wrapped about With mystery as donso as if it lay wholly with in tho invisible world. It is seldom or never presented to bo believed, as one is expected to hb askod to believe, historic oveilta ; but as ono ie .oxpeotod to rooeivo snbjeoto whioh, from their Very nature, lie in the realm of faith as distin guished from knowledge. Now and aguin a daring individual will rush into tee field armed With proof whioh he intends to be good enough to convince a jury, to say nothing of eonvino- ing a judgo. This was tho ooureo said to have been taken by tho Rov. Father lo Renetel at St. Stephen's. He ia said to havo proved the fact of tho resurrection, by («) tho testimony of friends, (4) the testimony of euomies, .(«) and teat of disinterested persons. But smoo none bf these persons witnessed or oould wit ness tho actual resurrootion, it is diffionlt tesee what their testimony was worth on tho bald foot. Aud so wo got away aa speedily as wo possibly can under cover of mystery whioh per mits us to say («) Jesufi Christ was oliv o on a certain day. (6) On a certain day thereafter He died by crucifixion. (a) On certain days thereafter, oxtending over a period of Bix Weeks, Ho was soon in various weird ways, by separate persons and by companies of per sons, from whioh we aro to infer, what? Here evon very good iucil part company, some tolling Us that there was a resurrection from tee "dead;" others that it was a resurreotion from tho "gravo;" by whioh two very difforent things appear to be intended, hut both alike deeply wrapped in mystery. In ono respeot, beyond controversy, this ovont should be placed in history, and its proofs should be pre sented to ordinary bollef as distinguished from faith. Then wo come to tho MIRACLE OF THE RESURRECTION the ovent, if it oaourred, being different from ordinarily authenticated inoidenta, oc curring boforo or since. Tho early ohurch called it a "miracle," and tho later ohurch partly defends the term, or tee theory ; partly sur renders it ; and generally hide itself, if not with voty great confidence, under cover of a mystery. The plea, not the argument, is this: " There are many things whioh we do not yet know, although they may in themselves he subjects of knowledge, and by-and-by we may know them. Meanwhile we may, or mnst beliovo thom." But sitrely this is very poor work. Subjeots lying within tee field of possible knowledge must be found but, until they aro found teoy may he matters bf trust, as dis tinguished from belief on tho one hand and faith on the other. For "belief takes hold of matters of foot making tho material of know- lodge. Trust takes hold of tho same things ; they not yet being demonstrated to our reason. But faith is over within its own Sublime region, filled with abjeots whioh cannot enter tho Sphere of knowledge, though not beyond our understanding. It may not be a perfectly exaot allocation of oxternal objects and internal powers, but it is near enough to say that (a) We know and boliove somo things ; (6) teat We do not know but trust other things ; (o) that wo more or less understand and fully put faith iu others. His lordship Bishop Webber, at the Pro- Anglican Cathedral went over tho mlr&olo; of tho resurreotion ; and he, too, with all tho oOutoneas and penotratiou manifested in his learned discourse appeared for too anxious to hido away in mystery and to exouse the ohurch for making a very large demand upon faith just whore there should not be any faith' at all, but only simple belief or trust. This gradually leads up to the suhjoot of tee GENERAL RESURRECTION. Regarding this question tho best minds hayo asked, What is it from? "What is it to? And must of thom soon seek tho protection of mystery. Those who argue for a resurreotion from tho gravo fool how tremendous the diffi culty. is. Thoy think it is solved by saying that God is able to do it all. There is no need to doubt what He can do; tee question is What Ho will do, judged by what He now is doing. Hie less authority thoro is in tea Bible, if there is any, to relieve in a resurreo tion from the grave," tee denier tee mystoiy needed to support the demand mode upon credtality. Thoso who contend for a resurreotion from 44 death " do not walk in quite tee open daylight. But .thoy are more intelligible ; thoy have more reason and more of tho Biblo on their side; and teoir ap pend is to hnman faith as distinguished from human credulity. The latter theory is sufficiently presented in this paragraph: "Christ's own resurrection yields a proof of immediate resurrootion of ail. He was tee Son of Man, and as Ho fulfilled all tee right eousness of humanity, Ho lived and died as a man, Ho rose and asoondod into Heaven as a man, Why should we assort a part of this and not the Whole? Why die as a man, but rise as God ? Wo havo no authority for drawing each a line of demarcation between these two phases of His career. Instead, tho wholo slgni-. finance of His relation to humanity demands that no suoh line shall be drawn. Ho would not be tee Son of man, nor tho Saviour of man kind, if His resurreotion had boon immediate, and mankind's were to be delayed for ages. To every bellovcr who olosea his eyes in death trusting in Him, Ho Bays, 4 To-day thou shall be with Me.'" ALL THINGS NEW. As th« old passes away, it givos place io tee now. It is better than tho old. It has less bondage through fear ; it is nearer and more real. Tho unknown is oalled mystory. Nearly always the mysteries are deemed awful, torriblo, inimical. Gradually mysteries aro boing solved or caused to vanish llko ghosts. Religion has fewer and fewer myftorica to thoso who sock to ho liko God, and to do His will. Li this there is no mystery ; nothing to mako ufraid ; fear cannot livo in beings so transformed and oonfonned. Away with mystery in all that concerns us now. Whon wo oome at the future it will be plitek 44 And ' teas ..may bo. our faith. Having llfo in its abundance, there ia no break ' ita its currant at death ; there ia no waste of oven endless ages. If joihod to tee divine Lifo, ovory change tatlfib be to inCrb llfo. If ono with Christ how can it bo that wo shall not share His destiny, and go trofa world to world ih HiB company ? Becauso wo are one with the Lifo, death has no more any dominion oVor lis. With suoh liopcB let us await out timo of de parture. With such hopes lob us lay oltr dead ih the grave — not dead, not hero, for teoy aro risen." 