SHEARING AT HEREFORD. I ; ? ' ?& ? Shearing at Hereford is progressing; right merrily. Yesterday a representa-; tive of the Advocate, chancing to be over that way, popped into the shed, and found on the board perhaps 25 pairs of ' clickers. Being about, although tne busiest of the busy Mr. Rutherford was' courteous enough to explain matters not altogether intelligible at first to the stranger in that midst — to show him around and about in a place which,' viewed for the first time, naturally: impresses the visitor, as one of the chief branches of Australia's leading industry, should, perhaps, do everyone else at all; .. . -it r T\ ? 1 I ? p ? 1 _i_i-J il.~i. 1. — -. times, lvir. xmiuenoru suuku ouuu ««_ had to shear, on Hereford, about 28,000; sheep, over 20,000 of which are still to; pasjj through the hands of the operatives. This number, of course, doesn't represent; more than a fractional part of that gen tleman's shearing for the season — take Mnrrnmbidgerie, for instance, with about 150,000, and other places ! — but the big tally is. mentioned as: interesting, perhaps, if only that it shows what enterprise is able to do with the country whereon hope, in less determined hands, would surrender the ghost in pos sibly a single season. The territory referred to is Wyagdon,' a tract of land which, by judicious improvements in the wav nf rinsrbarkiner. carries, since acquired by Mr. Rutherford, five, aye in places ten times the num ber which it was found possible to place there when the grass was sacrificed for the sustenance of useless timber. And these ave all good sheep, as saleable in the shape or mutton, as they are profit able when tho time is ripe to put them under shears. Tbose our representative saw yesterday in the shed referred to were turning off in the active hands of the quarter-hundred operatives on tho board fleeces 'which, though ten months 'old, were heavy ones, as sound as wool can be, and clean to an extent which might bo described as remarkable. Mr. Ruther ford expects to have the whole of his Hereford clip through the presses ia about three weeks time from date. 