CORRESPONDENCE. 'MEDICAL QUAOKERY. TO THIE EDITOR. Sin,-Though as a travellor I cannot rivhl Galliver, I have yet visited a few lands, and still remain an ardent hater of quackery in /every form. The prarie-flower man, who is permitted to vend his nostrums 'at the sroeot corners iUnider Engslish rulq, though prohibited idn supposedless onlightened countries, gives his few guineas to a hospital, as a soliico to his consoionco, for being allowed under aldernmanic patronage to' trado on the credulity of the publio. The lectures bccasionally given to religiuss gatheriags' of young mon; and the public generally abovo a cor tairt a'ge, uuder the guise of teaching physiology,. recently came under view by the society for the promotion :of olfi is of mhorals, and the instructioni' evon. with its suggestiveness .was con si~lere l. aniinooative to sonsuality, aid, nboro inj nuriois than that conveyed:by veuding the most` impure .litoratiro.e Of?" .modicl 'litoiatuie eo have to6" kinds :-First, that .ivhich is:.theo :ommon prIoperty of. the educated phliysicians of the world, and forms:ian international -bond. of .the 'professioni of all civilised coundtries coniitaiing the most recea?t observations:, the most original ittex, and the truest repre. sentations of the living thought of the day for ·.the benofit of . suffering humanity. The othei' class of lit6ra-: turo-worthless, effete material-does not find a. permao~nit ?ocabdtion on our library shelveos, and is, infrt?xinateliy, rapidl.giniereasing. It usuhlly begins \--" way,up in some unknown moun tain, aith a great altitude, ori.at the biottoni of a deop valley, with a lake of unkihown deplth, prementing no appa rent soiurce, and no appparent oxit, and which defies all nieteorological condi tions, lies a grisly old man, with a long 'matted' board--porhlps ..even a c6uint-or a pceuliar old woman, who had a dream; ..and to whom some mangy ghost appeared, and furnished with a hitlherto undiscovered secret or weed, from which their peculiar elixir of lifo is distilled, which is to drive disease from the world, and waft us on angels' wings to realms of bliss, where livers cease from troub ling and the bilious are at rest." Solomon's question, "\rhorefore is thero a price in the hands of a fool to get wisdom, seeing he hath no hear~t to it ?" is now easidly answeored,'for even a fool knows that he must have the senlblance of wisdom; but to nc sure the valuo of a diploma as a proof of education is the difficultyv. •iThese quacks-veritable ravens croaking in darkness, though wishingto be viewed as skylarks trilling to the sun--nrako a feow shells, or bits of bone. from the storehouse of knowledge, and after stringing them together, and playing with them for a little whilo for mer cenary ends, throw them back, but add nothing to the pile but the injury dlone their deluded dupes. In a case tried recently, before Mr. .TJnstico Wright (London Chancery Division), the so-called speciliu was nipped in the bud, and shown to be not ouly worthless foi' what it was in tended, but contained safficinoe poison to kill 2000 people a year, and the opinions or "press notices" appearing in suclh papers as the CGihristian Herald, Ei'o, ?&c.;, wore stated to be arranged for on account of getting the advertisements. The judge said the business was an evil and nefarious system of obtaining money by false protences, and a criminal conspiracy to defeat the provisions of the Medical and Apbthe caries Act. It is surely.not a compli- , nioment to the intolligence of the inhabitnants of the county of INor thumberland that this district should be over-run with quacks and peregri nating members of an honourable calling, who, in presenting innumer able "press notices," fail to supply one from an eminent member (of tlhe profession to which they claim to belong. The tale told in the Victoria Theatre is too disgusting to relate. The hideous character of some of the views displayed worthily illustrated the filthy substance of the lecture. That Noah sailed over a drowned world with n.n extensive ranche of various animals, limited domestic accommodation, food supplies, and grooms, we are taught to believe; but our modern' intelli gence is hardly equal to swallowing the story told in the Masonic Hall of a man having being cut open by the doctors for a cancerous tumor of the stomach, which unfortunately did not after all admit of removal, and after being sewed up the Mattei remedy was administered, and proved so effectual that he is at this moment walking about hale and hearty. Surely there is a gulf fixed between laughter loving wisdom, or true-born gravity, the product of reflection, and such grave-faced folly. The committee of medical scientists, who challenged the Mattoists to the proof of the virtue of " electricitas " for the cure of cancer, delivered the following judgment: "That Matteism consists exclusively of vulgar, unadulterated, unredeemed quachery; that the potions of the Matteists yield no other reaction than that of plalin distilled water, and that the results of administering the sanmo to the patients entirely coincided with t~he results of the chemical analysis." The administration was by the Matteists themselves, with their own medicines, to patienits selected by themselvos as likely to be cured, and the result was that'the cancerous growths went their way uninfluenced in the slightest de gree by the slops administered, which proved it an impudent medical swindlo. A lady of distinction becamo a dupe of the -Maiteists, and secured a sensational journalist with all the forces of publi cations at his disposal, to "boom "this quack medicine. And be it noted thatl it is a representativo of Count ~,ia.toti, who is allowed to occupy our pulpits, and present letters of introduction from the leaders of the church. There are individuals destitute of a sense of the ludicrous, and parsons appear to be amdng them. Ordinary and ostimable. folks as they listened woere seized with a perception of the ridiculous, and hope it may not form aun indispensable qualification for church membership. Shades of the martyrs! We 'can now be surprised at. nothing. Possibly, when Sabbath comes r:ound, if diaries are 'compared, the following will be found: "Sunday-In'disposed."-I am, &Ic.;,.. PROGIRESS. 