superstitions a bout the crow. In folk-lore, the croAv always appears as a bird of the most sinister character, representing either death, or night, or winter. The Hindoos believe, on the other hand, that to eat a croAv Avill prolong life by keeping the hair black and preventing it turning grey. In German Switzerland it is believed that a crow perching on the roof of a house in which lies a corpse, is a sign that the soul of the dead is irrevocably lost. In Sussex its cry thrice repeated is considered a sure token of death. The Somalia, Avho inhabit the shores of the Red Sea, Avage deadly war fare against the crow, Avhich, they affirm, avhs ereated Avhite, but which in an evil hour betrayed the hiding-place of the Prophet by an untimely croak. For this offence he cursed the bird of ill omen, and it became black, since Avhich time it has shared the fate of all creatures Avhen down in their luck, and has been mercilessly hooted and pecked at and dnsf-.rnwpd. The crow is called by Pliny a bird of ill-omened garrulity, most inauspicious at the time of incuba tion or just after the summer solstice. The appear ance of a flight of crows upon the left of their camp sufficed to cow the courage of the soldiers of old Rome, since they looked upon it as a certain sign of defeat, ns certain as Avhen the birds hovered over their standards. So Shakespeare's Cassius presages misfortune at Philippi : Ravens, crows, and kites Fly o'er our heads, and downward look on us As we were sickly prey : these shadoAVs seem A canopy most fatal, under which Our army lies, ready to give up the ghost. The Cyngalese to this day draw auguries from the movements of these birds; the direction of their flight, the numbers in which they assemble, the tone in which they croak, their choice of roosting-places, all are held ominous of evil or prophetic of good fortune. There are, perhaps, few who have not heard of crows that " One is lucky, two is unlucky, three is health, four is AArealth, five is sickness, and six death." The unluckines3 of one living crow is of ancient date, since the Greeks believed that if such a bird appeared at a AA-edding breakfast there would be a divorce, to avert which all roared out : 44 Maiden scare aAvay the crow !" But of far greater antiquity was the belief that if the one crow Avere dead the evil portent also perished, since, according to Horus Apollo — "Hierog," ii. 39 — it signified extreme old age, or a very long life, according to what Hesiod tells us, as quoted by Plutarch in his " Oracles," that the croAv lives nine times as long ss a man. Tlie belief that two crows are a happy omen, and that they appear to Ai'arn men front disaster, is very ancient. Alexander the Great Avas thus saved in Egypt by tAvo crows, and King Alonzo Avould assuredly have perished in 1147 had it not been for two crcAvs, one of which perched on fhe proAv and the other on the stern of his ship, so pointing the pro'.v of the royal barge safely into port. Crows and rooks are very much alike. It is said that when rooks desert a rookery it forebodes the doAvnfall of tbe family on whose property it is. They are also credited Avith being good weather prognosticators. When the weather is about to be very bad they stay as near home as possible; but AA'hen they foreknow that it will be set fair, they start off in the morning right away to a distance, where tbey have an instinct that the food they need is plentiful. Again, if the looks are seen venturing into the streets of a town o village, it is a sure sign of an aDoroaehin'i' snow storm.- -Alf The Year Hound. Wiiv i? apVbrn.hs: . Lv litea cobbler ?— Repft?.;- lie improve: tliA&jiRiejv.; ling, f 