LADIES' GOSSIP. The Westminster Gazette has an article on 'Extravagance in Drees.' in which it says that the dress bill of one titled lady for a year amounts to £1,480 10s. and her hat bill for six months to £40 19*. 6d. The amount yearly expended on drees by women ol fashion is Eet down at from £2,000 to £3,000. A good anecdote it told by Dean Gregory of a fox-hunting parson asked by an evangelical lady at a dinner party if he intended to go to the May meetings. ' Meetic^a in May, madam?' queried the astonished clergyman. ' Hounds meet in May 1 Never beard of suoh a thing, madam !' The country parson had no idea that the lady alluded to Exeter Hall. A writer in the Queen, giving a description of the theatre on the first night of ' Becket' at the Lyceum, notes tbat the ladies of a fashionable audience at a London theatre are mostly in full dress— low bodices and short sleeves. The inevitable velvet sleeves are muoh seen, and the hair is dressed with a torsade of velvet and small upstanding bouquets in 'front. Many of the fashionable dressmakers make pretty tea jackets of an elaborate kind (or theatre wear, and these fit well and are high to the throat. They are not universally worn, as they are hardly dressy enough. In cold weather they have much to commend them. Mrs. Panton, one of the pioneers of the household decoration movement in England, says in a recent article concerning children's nurseries: — 'Every single thing in the nur series should be chosen for its beauty or its coloi, and it should be as impossible for the nursery to be the abode of ugliness it once was as ibis to find a truly frightful drawing -room nowadays among those, at least, who have learned most satisfactorily that art as well as charity should undoubtedly begin at home. The child whose nursery has a vile linoleum floor covering, a so-called 'nursery rhyme paper,' or — worse almost style — has on its walls badly-drawn and colored pictures framed in sham frames made of paper, cannot possibly have oommenced its education under auspicious circumstances.' Mrs. White-Spunner, of Belfast, bas pre pared a magnificent volume of Irish flora for the Irish section at the Chicago Exhibition. The volume has been tastefully bound in dark morocco. The pages are of special hand made paper almost as tough as parchment, bnfa of a most delicate texture. The first page is tastefully illuminated by Mre. White-Spunner in. appropriate emblems. The collections com prised in the volume have been carefully dried so as to retain the original colors and then affixed to the pages. The arrangements, of course, made on a scientific basis, every order being represented and tfae botanical name appended to each specimen. Mrs. White Spunner has been most successful in suggest ing the aotual growth in every instance. It was believed that before this splendid collec tion went to Chicago it would inolude every Irish flower. All but two or three were already in the book. , , A story of supernatural appearances to the Danish Royal family at a oertain castle is told by a correspondent at Stockholm. The original fabrio was, it appears, demolished to get rid of the ghosts, but to no good purpose. It is stated tbat a month ago the Prince and Princess Royal of Denmark went to reside at the castle and the very first night a chamber lain was tossed out of his bed by the spirits. That evening a phantom appeared to the princess as she was writing in her boudoir, where all the candles were lit. Prince Christian, the Piinoe's eldest son, going to find something he wanted in a dark room oame back pale and trembling, declaring that the room was full of men, who barred his passage. The evening before they let* the Royal family were play ing at whist with the hereditary Prinoe of .Sweden, when he suddenly turned very pale and Baid that some unknown person had been beside him who had suddenly disappeared. Speaking of Miss. Flora Shaw, the special correspondent, of the Times, whose collected 'Letters from South Africa' have just been published in book form and whose able letters from Australia are now running in that journal, the Westminster Gazette Mays :— MijM Snaw is one of those women writers whose style iB marked Jby. the judgment and argumentative strength sometimes fcupposed to be specially male characteristics. A discussion on journalists arid thfeir methods was once going on in which Lord 'Cromer,, who had seen a good deal or special correspondents, took part. Somebody/ made a remark Blighting to the average jour* nalistio accuracy. The British Minister-rwho w*s, of course, a financier before he waa a diplomatist — cited from his experience a striking exception. A journalist had come to him onoe about a financial matter ot great* public importance, but tedious and complex ia its details. He expounded it bub never ex^ peeted to see in print anything more than some* loose and perhaps not very accurate generalisa-i tion on the subject. In the sequel he was agreeably snrpriEed by an exposition of thet ease to the pubho at once lucid, detailed, and absolutely correct. 'And that,' he con oluded, 'was, oddly enough, alady journalist.'? It was Miss Shaw, who is probably better in-f formed on colonial affairs than almost any, other London journalist and than any otter; lady in England except the Queen. ]?- The writer of 'Social Gossip from Vanity Fair' in this Australasian, referring to tho. revival of 'Diplomacy' at the GarriokTheatre, in London, says it was- produced ' with the adjuncts of an indoor Roman triumph,' and continues :— 'The modern Londoner's enthu-' siasm for the stage is said to be on the wane^ and. yet the reception given to Mrs. Banorof fr' surpasBed anything of the kind seen in London «' , The Publio wbo go to the pit and,; gallery brought camp-stools and waited in theV street before the dooia from 11 a.m. Possibly' the management arranged this latter detail? Still the revival was a great and unqualified1 Bucoess, and all London had been talking of itt since. Lured by such a triumph as Mrs. Ban-1 croft has had, close upon GO years of age, is itt1 any wonder that girls are drawn to the stage ;' that they work and strive and wait there foe yaars, refusing to believe that they can ba failures or can ever lose all chance ? When tlia-' ourtain fell the Prince of Wales first left hi$ box, went behind the scenes, and congratulated. 1 Mrs. B.,' nobody else being allowed to intrude/ Then the parterre de rois from the stalls and boxes, wb.6re the cream of fashionable and dis-j tinguished pleasure-seekers now afloat in Lon-; don was distributed, went behind the scenes too. The emotion was intense and prolonged.' Women kissed — each other. Many wept.' Everybody called everybody else by his or her! Christian name for awhile. Survivors of the first night of ' Diplomacy,' 15 years ago, were, objects of much interest. They were strangely.! numerous too and could be identified, because/ the World ad the time published verses describe ing the original first nighters.' % Lady Jeune, in the New Review, specifies' the types of women who desire crinoline' to come into fashion a3 follows: — ' There areb the very thin, lanky women without se3thetiq'' tendencies, who have looked miserably ugly.] and who have been conscious of the fact in tho. clinging garments of the last few years. There! are the won?en with sloping shoulders whq* have been for many years unable to show to- advantage what is considered a strong point ocj female beauty and which has been entirely' hidden under the wide, broad sleeves we shall! discard with the adoption of crinoline, for we ; shall not have breadth above as well as below^i There are the little women with short legs t-x, whom the width of skirt and the length, whiebj will come with it, will be most welcome andl becoming ; and there are, last and not least,* the fat women who will gladly hope to lose the^ sense of their large proportions in the debatable space which paay be crinoline or something] more substantial, but which, at any rate, con-, ceals from the publio eye that increasing volume of person of which only fai womem/ know the bitterness.' A PICTURE HAT. 