SPORTING NEWS. ON THE FIELD. (BY SENTINEL.) Satyr and Albert bare arrived from Syd ney in charge of Nolan. Both horses look remarkably well, but I am not assured that the former is as well as he was last year, aid the latter will have All hie work cot out to compass the U.W.tJ in good enough time to win. I may tell baokere that their trainer >e sanguine that he will about land the double. The great aensation of Monday wae the Rcratching of Redleap for all engagement;. This champion of champions has been in everybody’s mouth for the last few days as the probable winner of this G.N.H., but i aturdily refnaed to subscribe to aacn doc trine. From the first, os readers Are aware, I gave him no show, and now all doubts are set to rest by his withdrawal._ Merrigal is as well os his best friends could wißli, at leaßt he was so a day or two ago, but I am Afraid there is .. something amiss. Unusual reticence is observed by the stable, and as it is a reticence'which in dicates disappointment, X somewhat re luctantly advise a stand-off policy. There are certain horses which cannot be got to mix iheir styles satisfactorily. They will race well on tho flat if kept to it, and they will jump hurdles well if raced regularly over them. Merrigal, lam afraid, i« one of thesp. They prepared him for a flat race, which he won, and since then he has turned dog on the timber. This, I believe, is what a up with him. Wellington is very fit, but I have not seen him measured, aud I am told that his owner, who is a popular Tasmanian turfite, has given express instructions to his trainer that no risks are to be taken with him pre paratory to the Grands being run. This, so far, is favorable to his chances, but I Would prefer seeing him do ago with a good trial horse to circuiting oh his own. ... Polonius has been struck out, and a great many persona who fancied hiß chance .have had their doubles split. I raid he was a bit backward for such a race, aud his owner no doubt thought so. Tim Swiveller is vastly improved, and is being brushed up regularly.. Ho is a strong Caulfield tip, and as J. E. Brewer will be up, he is certain to be heavily supported. I may just remark that Tim went in company for a strong turn at Meutone with Xiittle Countess, and the grey mare apparently proved the better horse. Stamboul is improving with each gallop. I saw him work yesterday, and he was in buoyant spirits. A little bird whispered to me that Corrigan would have the mount. This enhances his chances. The \Ticlim, Omaha, and Kapo showed their paces at Williamatown on Saturday, and on those paces neither of them possess a million to one chance. Cuttlefish hae arrived, and is a likely look ing sort. Betting is still restricted to doubles, and is very slow even in that line. Any decided move will be chronicied at once. Matters speculative are unusually quiet in connection with the Nationals. That tho depression which has been bo greatly deplored in ordinary business has been extended to the turf is beyond donbt. Amusement and sport are generally the last spheres to feel the tightness of financial pressure, but,the experience of bookmakers aud those unfortunate thespians who wait for the “ghost to walk” at the theatre treasuries on a Monday is oonvincing pi oof that money is ecarce all round. Many bookmakers who a year or two ago were affluent are now bare as uofledged robins. The outlook IB as gloomy as it pos sibly can be, and several of the right sort, who have had a bit packed away, are about to try their fortunes in other lands. Fully a score of well-known turfites have betaken themselves to South Africa, and otherß are preparing to “ move on” towards India. But let me get on with the Nationals, as they are the most important concerns of the Australian turf to-day. The interest taken in them was never less, and therefore they are not as important ns of yore. Readers will be inclined to doubt it, but up till the hour of writing this not one solid blow has been struck for either event. Iu former years tens of thousands of pounds .would have been depending on the issues. I question muob if one thousand has been wagered straight out on either event at the clubs. Asa consequence, I am without that potent faotor, the market, to guide me to a conclusion. Hearsay and personal observation count for so little nowadays in turf matters, that I feel almost inclined to counsel a doctrine (if total abstinence so far as wagering on these evpnts go. On the other hand, I am inspired that there are numerous good sports who would sooner bet nnd lose than not bet at all. Therefore, I brace up and give them the best which can be got under the circum stances. I had a final fly round yesterday, and my impressions are as set forth. Merrigal keeps well aud hearty, and is jumping more kindly. Tim Swiveller is still a bit above himself, ami will not find bis pipes clear enough for a £ial finish. Stamboul is very fresh. Charley Carter avers that he is a better horse than Ben B dt ever knew how to be, aod thereby infers that it will take the best to get away with him. Fire King has been nursed for this event for several months. On looks I cauuot have him. The Pioneer is wonderfully well, nnd if in the humor, his trainer says, he will shake it. Satyr jumps and gallops as though he had never sustained a smashing up. Wellington looks well enough to make a Waterloo of it for most of the others. Leonardo will m«st probably go out. Kapo and Pot-S-os, bar miracles, possess no show. Cuttlefish is hard as nails, and his trainer says h» will run well if the day is damp. The Victim is not quite well, aud Knight of the Garter was left by Comedian ia a trial, go. . I have omitted reference to our local horses, but will have a word or two about them if they strike me favorably upon arrival. Omaha jumped well at Williamstowu and has taken kindly to the game. There is another important, if not all important matter, and that is the state of the going. If the.weather does not clear up the going will be very bad, and then most of the good ones may turn out to be very bad ones. Of course, if it is wet for good ones it ia also wet for bad ones. I cannot explain it, bnt it is a fact, that when conditions are unfavorable anything may win. If it had not been for the rain on Melbourne Cup day, Glcnloth would not have been ia the first ten. So be careful. 