NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE SORCERESS: (All Eights Reserved. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. CHAPTER Yin. it was a slow train, lne slowest train that there is, is, oi course, far, far quicker than cuiy other mode of conveyance prac ticable in a land journey, but it does not seem so. It seems as if it were delay personified to the eager traveller, especially on tho Continent. In England, when it stops at a multiplicity of little stations at which thoro is nothing to do, it at least goes on again in most cases after it has dropped its passenger, or taken in its lmlf-cmpty bag of letters. But this can never be said of a German, or even of a brisker Belgian train. The one in which Aubrey was meandered about Liege, for instance, till he had mastered every aspect of that smoky but interesting place. It stopped for what looked like an hour at every little roadside station, in order, apparently, that the guard might hold a long and excited conver sation about nothing at all with the head man of the place. And all the while the little electric bell would go tingling, tingling upon his very brain. Thus lie made his slow and weary, progress through tho afternoon and evening, stopj>iag long at last at a mid night station, where everything was wrapped in sleep and darkness, for the arrival of the express; in which the latter part of tho journey was to be accomplished more quickly. If there had been anything wanted to com plete tho entire overthrow of a spirit in pain it was such an experience. All was dismal beyond words at the place whero he had to wait — one poor light showing through the great universe of darkness, the dark big world that encompassed it around, one or two belated porters wandering through the blackness doing mysterious pieces of busi ness, or protending to do them. A poor little wailing family, a mother and two children, put out there upon a bench from some other train, one of tho babies wailing vaguely in tlie dark, tho other calling upon mamma, mamma, driving the poor mother frantic — were waiting like himself. It gave Aubrey a momentary consolation to see something that appeared at least to the ex ternal eye more forlorn than he. He remem bered, too, that there had once been a baby cry that wont to his heart, and though all the associations connected with that had now turned into gall and bitterness, so that the sound seemed liko a spear penetrating bis vety being, and he walked away as far as the bounds of the station would allow, to get, if possible, out of hearing of it — yet pity, a better inspiration , at last gained the day. He went up and spoke to the woman, and found that she was an English workman's wife making licr way home with her children to a mother who was dying. They had turned her out here, .with her babies, to wait, ah ! not for the express train which was to carry on the gentlemen, but for the slow-slow creeping third-class which only started in the morning, and which would, after long waits at other places, reach England sometime, but she could scarcely tell when. ''And must you pass the night here out in the cold ? " said Aubrey. " It isn't not to call a cold night, sir," said the woman, meekly, "and they ve got plenty on to keep them warm." " I'll try and get them to open the waiting- room for you," said Aubrey. " Oh, no, sir, thank you kindly, but dou't take the trouble, tho rooms are tliat stuffy. It's better for them in the open air, and they'll go to sleep in a little while. Baby will be quite warm on my lap, and Johnny lying against me." " And what is to become of you in this arrangement ? " said Aubrey, looking piti fully with eyes that had known the experi ences. both of husband and father upon this little plump human bed, which was to stand in the place of down pillows for the chil dren. " Oh, I'll do very well, sir, when they go to sleep,", she said, looking up at him with a smile: "And when does your train go?" "Not till 6 in tho morning, sho replied; " but perhaps that's all the better, for I'll be able to get them some bread and milk and a good wash beforo we start." Well, it was not much of an indulgence for a man who was well off. He might nave thrown it away on any trifle and nobody would have wasted a thought on tho snbject. He got hold of one of tlie wandering ghosts of porters aud got him, with a douceur, to change the poor woman's cheap ticket for her iiitooneforthccxprcss.audcommissionedhim, if possible, to got licr a place in a sleeping carriage, where, I fear, she was not likely to be at all a warmly-welcomed addition to the luxurious young men or delicate ladies in these conveyances. He saw that there was one found for her, which was almost empty when the train came up. He scarcely know if she were young or old — though, indeed, as n matter of fact, the poor little mother, bewildered by her sudden elevation among the gentlefolks, and not quite sure that she would not have preferred to remain whero she wns and pick up in tho morning her natural third-class train, was botli young and pretty, a fact that was remarked by the one lady in the carriage who saw the young man through the window at her side, and re cognised him in a Uasli of the guard's lan tern, with deep astonishment to see him handing in. such a woman and such children to tho privileged places. He disappeared himself into tho dark, and indeed took his place in the corner of a smoking carriage, whero his cigar was a faint soother of pain. In his human shortsightedness, poor Aubroy also was consoled a little, I think, by the thought that this poor fellow-passenger was comfortable, she and licr children, and that instead of slumbering uneasily on a bench, she was able to lay the little tilings in a bed. It seemed to him a good omen, a little relaxa tion of tho bonds of fatu, and he went away cheered a little and encouraged by this simple incident, and by the warmth of the kindness that was in his lieart. He spoke to them again on one or two occa sions oil the way, sent the poor woman soma tea in the morning, bought some fruit for the children ; and again on the steamboat cross ing, when lie listened to tlie account of how they were going on, from Dover, with a cer tain interest. When they parted at the train he shook hands with tho mother, hop ing sho would find her relation better, and put a sovereign into Johnny's little fat hand. The lady who had been in tlie sleeping car riage kept her eye upon him all the time. She was not by any means a malicious or bad woman, but she did not believe the poor woman's story of the gentleman's Kindness. She was, I am sorry to say, a lady who was apt to take Die worst view of every transaction, especially between men and women. People who do so are bound in many cases to be right, and are so confirmed in their odious opinion ; but in many cases they are wrong, yet always hold to it with a faith which would do credit to a better in spiration. " I thought young Mr. Leigh was going to marry again," she said to a friend whom she met going up to town. " Oh, so he is ! To the nicest girl — Boo Kingsward, the daughter of one of my dearest friends — such a satisfactory thing in every way." " Wasn't there something," said tlie lady of the Bleeping carriage, about a woman down at his place in the country?" " Oil, I don't think there was ever any thing against him. There was a woman who was a great friend of his poor wife, and lived With them. The wife was a goose, don't you know ? and could not be made to see what a foolish thing it was. My opinion is that ho never could abide tho woman, and I am Buro she made mischief between them. But I believe that silly little Mrs. Leigh — poor thing ! we should not speak ill of those that are gone— made him promise on her death bed that this Miss Sometliing-or-other should not be sent away from tlie house. It was a ridiculous arrangement, and no woman that respected herself would havo done it. But she was poor, and it's a comfortable place, and, perhaps, as there was no friend ship between thein, she may have thought it was no harm." "Perhaps she thought she would get over him in time and make liim marry her." "Oh, I can't tell what sho thought ! Ho rushed off in a hurry at a moments notice, nobody knowing what lie intended, after tho poor uaby died, tho very day of its funeral. Not much to bo wondered at, poor young man, after all he had gone through. I don't know how things were settled with Miss Laucc, but I believe that sho lias gone at last. And I am doliglited to hear of his engagement. So will all his neighbors in the country he " " I should not like a daughter of mine to marry a man like that." " VVliy ? I wish a daughter of mine could have the chance. Everybody likes him at home. Do you know anything of Aubrey Leigh ?" Ho did not know in the least that this talk wns going on as the train went rushing on to town ; his ears did not tinglo. He was in tlie next carriage, divided only by a plank from these two Indues in their compartment. The woman who tool; tlie bad view of every thing did not wish him any harm. She did not even think badly of him. She thought it was only human nature, and tliat young men will do that sort of thing, however nice tlioy may be, and whatever you may say of morals and so forth. I do not think, though., she had nindu that little conven tional speech, that sho would at all have hesitated to give her own daughter to Aubroy, provided that she had a daughter. His advantages were so evidont, ifnd the disadvantages, after all, had so little to do with actual lifo. Aubrey did not present himself beforo Ooloncl Kingsward that night. Ho did not propose to follow him to Kingswarden, the old house in Kent, which was the sole rem nant of territorial property belonging to the family. He wanted to nave all his wits about him, to be cool and self-possessed, and nble to remember everything when he saw the man who had given him Bee and then had withdrawn her from his arms. Ho already know Colonel Kingsward a little, and know him as a man full of bonhominio, popular everywhere — a man of experience, who had been about the world, wlio know men. By this time Aubrey had recovered his spirits a little. He thought it impossible that sucli a man, when a younger than him self laid bare his heart to him, could fail to understand, It was true that the Colonel was probably a martinet in morals as ho was in his profession, and Aubrey had that be hind him which he could not deny. He would not attenmt to gloss it over, to make excuses for it. He would lay his lifo in this man's hand as if lie had been his confessor. And surclv, surely, the acknowledged sin would find absolution, the extenuating cir cumstances would be considered, the' lie with which that accusation was accompanied would recoil upon the accuser. The young man buoyed himself up with these thoughts through the long evening. He did not go out or to his club, or anywhere whero he was known. In September there are not so many inducements to stray about London. He sat in his room anil thought of Bee, and wrote little letters to her, which were a relief to his mind, though he knew he could not send them. By this time, lie reflected, they must have started. They were beginning their journoy as he ended his. He hoped that Charlie, that lout, would have the sense to take caro of his mother, to sde that sho suffered as little as possible, to prevent bor from having any trouble — which, I fear, was not the view at all that Charlie took of his duty to his mother. Aubrey, liko all outsiders, had a clearer view of Mrs. Kiugsward's condition than her family had arrived at. He was very sorry for her, poor, delicate, tender woman — and grieved to the bottom of his heart that this trouble should have come upon her through him. Bee was different : there would be so niauy ways, please God, if all went well— and he could not bring liim- Bclf to think that all would not go well— in. which lie could make it up to his Bee. Filially ho permitted himself to write a little letter to meet his darling on her return, and enclosed it in another to Mrs. Kingsward, directed to Kingswarden. They would re ceive it when they entered their house, and by that time — surely by that time ! — his letters would not be any longer a forbidden thing. That morning it rained, and the London Bkies hung very low. The world had the effect of a room with a low roof, stifling and without air. He set out to walk to Colonel Kingsward's office. I forget whether tlie intelligence department of tho War Office was in existence at that time, or if it has always been in existence, only not so much heard of as in our vociferous days. If it did exist then it was, of course, in Pall Mall, as we all know. Aubrey set out to walk, but soon recollected that muddy boots detracted from a .man's appearance, especially in the eyes of a spick and span porson like Colonel Kingsward, who never had a speck upon any garment, and accordingly lie got into a han som. It did not go any faster than the heat ing of his heart, and yet he could have wished tliat it Bhould only creep along like the heavier cabs. He would have put off this interview now, had he been able. To think that you are within an hour at most of tho moment when your life shall be settled for you absolutely by another person's will, anj that your happiness or unhappincss rests upon the manner in which he will look at the question, the perception lie will have of your difficulties, the insight into your heart — is a terrible thing, especially if you know little of the person who has thus be come endowed, as it were, with the power of of lifo and death over you, do not know if his understanding is a large or a limited one, if he has any human nature in him, or only mere conventionality and the shell of human nature. It is seldom perhaps that one man is thus consciously in tne power of another — and yet it must come to that more or less every day. Colonel Kingsward was in his room, seated at his writing table with piles of hooks and maps, and imisses of newspapers all round him. Ho was an excellent linguist; and thoro wcro French papers and German papers, Russian, Scandinavian— all kinds of strange languages and strange little broad sheets, badly printed, black with excessive ink, or pale with imperfect impression, on the floor and the table. He had a large paper kiiife at his hand in ivory, with tlie natural brown upon it, looking like a weapon which could cut a mau, not to say a book, in pieces. He looked up with an aspect which Aubrey, whoso heart was in his mouth, could not read — whether it was mere politeness or something more, and bade Mr. Leigh be seated, putting aside deliberately as he did so the papers with which lie was engaged. And then lie turned round with the air of a man who says s No w you have my entire attention— and looked Aubrey in the face. The young man was facing the light which came in from a large high win dow reaching nearly to the roof. The elder man had his back half turned from it, so that his regard was less easy to read. It was not quite fair. Aubrey had everything against him ; his agitation, his anxiety, an expressive tell-talo face, and the light searching every change that took place in it ; whilst his opponent was calm as his own paper knife, impassive, with a countenance formed to conceal his emotions, and the light behind him. It was not an equal match in any way. ' " I have come direct from Cologne," Aubrey said. " Ah, yes. I believe my wife says so in her letter. "You havo new3 from them to-day? I hope that Mrs. Kingsward is better." ' My wife never at any time speaks much of her health. She was a little fatigued and remained anotlior day to rest." " She is very delicate, sir," said Aubrey. Ho did not know why, unless it was reluc tance to begin what ho had to say. " I am perfectly acquainted with Mrs. Kingswara's condition, said the Colonel in a tone which was not encouraging. He added, V I don't suppose you took the trouble to come here, Mr. Leigh, in order to speak to mo about my wife's health." " No. It is true, I ought not to waste the time you have accorded me. I do not need to tell you, Colonel Kingsward, what I have come about." " I think you do," said the Colonel, calm ly. " My letter to my wife, which I believe she communicated to you, convoyed all I had to say on the matter. It was not written without reflection nor without every possible effort to arrive at the truth. Consequently I havo no desire to re open the subject. It is, in mv mind, concluded and put aside." " But you will hear mo 1" said Aubrey. " You have heard one statement, surely you will hear the other. No man is condemned unheard. I have eome hero to "throw myself upon your mercy— to tell you my story. However prejudiced you may bo against me " " A moment, Mr. Leigh. I have no pre judice against you. I am not the judge of your conduct. I claim tho right to decide for my daughter— that is all. I have no pre judice or feeling against you." " Colonel Kingsward," cried Aubrey, " for God's sake, listen! Hear what I have to say." The Colonel looked at liim again. Perhaps it was the passion of earnestness in the young man's face that touched him. PerhupB lie felt that it was unwise to leave it to ho said that lie had not heard both sides. Tho end was that he waved his hand and said : " My time is not my own. I have no right to spend it on merely private interests ; but, if you will make your story as short as pos sible, I will hear what you have to say." (To he Continued.) 