Salvation Army. ) On Aprii 3 there wus u great meetiug oi the Salvation Army in Exeter Hall, conducted by General Booth, who wus supported by Com missioner Howard, Commissioner Oudraun, Mr. Brnmwcll Booth (chiof of staff), Commissioner Carloton, Mr. und Mrs. Ranger, Colonel Nicoi, Colonel Stringer, and others. Mr. T. A. Denny- and Mr. Seugrum were also preseut in the hall. The roeoting, though enthusiastic, looked a good deal of thu intense excitement which usually oharaoterisos these gatherings. The proceedings wero commenced by singiug a hymn with a ohoms whioh was frequently , re peated. Commissioners Howard aud Cadman then ongaged in prayer. Thu general prefaced his remurks by saying thut that was tho lust time he intended to refer to tho work of the Salvation Army in relation to its past doings. Ilia business in the future' would bo tho press ing forward with more energy the important work of saving Bonis. The aims of the army wore threefold — first, to bring men and womon baokto God ; socondiy, to save them from their sins and make thom good ; thirdly, having got thom saved, to organise them and set them to work to got others suved. His great desire was to create a Holy Ghost en thusiasm, so that his beloved comrades should go forth in the coming year, and compel men . and womon to getsaved. From his oeoonnt of the work and suocess of tho past year it ap peared that- tho army was now established in 33 different countries and oolonies throughout tho world, and its public work was carried on in 21 languages. Thoro .were 46 newspapers and magazines, printed -in 21 languages, of. which thore had been-oironlated during tho past year -43j 960,9961 There- were 3,070 stations or societies, controlled by 10,816 oflloers, in addition to whioh there wero 19,768 looal officers, and 12,229 bandsmen ; audit was estimated that about 7,000,000 poisons were reaohed in some way or 'other each week. During the year tho life of Mrs. Buotii hod been published, and . additional newspapers wore Issued in Bengal,; tho United States, Jamaica, West Australia, and one specially for Germans. Iu the United States thore wore now 4,008 officers and 1, 256 corps, but tho most remarkable success had been in India. . . Throe- thousand convorts had been, added to tho permanent ' force, . arid were now working among the hoathou, and 413 missionaries were stationed in 297 : towns. Iu some parts whole villages had been con verted. Tho sooiul operations had , been ex tensively carried'' on In various parts of tho world, compriBing27slum posts, 34rosoue homes for fallen women,. 11 homes for discharged criminals, 23 food dopots and shelters, 16 labour bureaus und workshops, and 4 funn colonies. Ho said it was a great mistake to suppose other largo institutions suffered by contributlonn being divorted to the army. Ho had gono care fully into tht matter and rourld that _ all of tho largo religious and philanthropic! societies had increased thoir income during the last six.years from £1,187, Oil to £1,412, 494. The total In-, como of tho army last year was £19,393,: apart, from their sooiul operations. For the social scheme ho had askod for £30,000. por year, and tho whole amount received for the last tliruo years only averaged £3,000 a your, .Tho incut-, ing oloaed in the usual way. The Rev. Joseph Cook, , having boon asked at what historic evont ho woiild have moat wished to be present,' replied: ."The crea tion Whereupon this > mischievous; Boston "Pilot slylv remarks that lmd this desiro booui realised tho good parson would probably. -have wanted to superintend the whole- job; - . 