. NEW SOITH WALES PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, MAT 16. The PBESTDEMT took tho chair at halt-past o'clock. T,»MPS AND PEDESTALS AT THE GENERi POST OFFICE. Dr. MACLAURIN, in nnswcr to Slr. Tricko eald that the sum of £3240 18s waa expended on t ?ix lamps and pedestals at tho General Tost Ofrico tho Government Architect's Department, iucludi £218 18s, cxpondituro which wns nccossitatod by t alteration in tho design of tho street. Tho ar of £2400 waa alsoexpondcd by thoPnstal Doparrme for the electric ctiguio, buildings, and fittings i lighting tho Post Office promisee and clock, ns w aj the stroet. No further sum had boen authorised ADDITIONS TO GOULBURN GAOL. Mr. O'CONNOR, m answer to Mr. Hoskin! 1 Mr Dangar, said that tho amount of tho contract Í additions to Goulburn Gaol was £S90fi. Tho cost asphalting tho floors would bo about £."i.14, making alf £10,500. 'fha work hud not been complot yet. THE COST OF JURIES FOR 1892. Mr. O'CONNOR, in answer to Mr. Davies, en that the cost to tho country of juries during tho ye 1892 for travelling expenses, iillowancos, and mai tenancohad boen £18,105 5s, mado up as follows: Circuit und Supromo Court juries, £0997 Os 2i Quarter Eossions jnrios, £8537 10B lOd ; Distr Court juries, £480 3s Gd ; coroners' jurios, £2143 1 6d. Tho amount paid in respect of circuit juries w ¿3324 Os lld. LORD HOWE ISLAND. Mr. O'CONNOR, in nnswcr to Mr. Davies, sa that Mr. Icely received 15s per day tr¿vcllii allowances (in additiou to his salary and pusan, monoy) from tho date of his departure until 1 return to Sydney. Tho Tisiting magistrato to Lo Howe Island had a luckup sent dav to tho leland to avoid resorting to ti barbarous custom of handcuffs and leg-irons, whii wore upon tho island when Mr. Icely was appointe Combustibles and a fow articles of Govcrnmo proporty wore sometimes kept in the lockup boxes, but woro eawly removable Wien Mr. Ice first went down to tho island ho found that Capta Cavaye had onions stored in tho lockup, but ho lu them immediately removed, and gave orders that tl lame thing waa uot to occur ugaiu. THE SCAB IN SHEEP FUND. Mr. O'CONNOR, iu answer to Mr. Suttor, aa that on tho 12th instant tho Scab in Sheep Fund w¡ overdrawn to tho extent of £108 lia Od, but tl assessment under tho Diseases' in Sheop Acts for tl present year hud not yet been roceived. Tho fund hr been devoted to tho payment of satanes of iuspecto and other necessary oflicors, componsatiou, ai general expenses in connection with tho Diseasce : Shocp ActB. It was necessary to lnuintaiu tl fund. CONSPIRACY AND PROTECTION OF PRC PERTY HILL. Mr. SUTTOR moved that tho Conspiracy and Pr« tection of Proporty Bill bo cow road the third time Tho motion was agreed to. and tho bill read tl third timo, and forwarded to tue Legislativo Assen hly with tho usual measago. MUNICIPALITIES ACT AMENDMENT BILI Mr. JACOB moved that tho Municipalities A Amendment Bill be now road tho third timo. The motion was agreed to, and tho bill reid tl third timo, und forwarded to tho Legislativo Assomb with the usual message. GUNNEDAH SCHOOL OF ARTS BILL. Mr. HYAM moved,-" That tho Gunnedah Seho of Arts Enabling Bill he now read the third timo." The motion waa agreed to, and tho bill road tl third time, and forwarded to thu Logislath Assembly with tho usual message. MUNICIPAL LOANS EXTENSION BILL. Mr. PnESiDENT reported tho receipt of a mci sage from the Legislativo Assembly, forwarding tl Municipal Loans Extension Bill. Mr. O'CONNOR moved that the bill be now rea tho first tune. Tho motion was agreed to, and tho bill read tl first time. Tlie second reading was made an order for Wee nesday. THE FEDERATION RESOLUTIONS. Mr. O'CONNOR moved that the order of the da relating to tho consideration of tho federatio resolutions bo postponed and staud an ordt for to-morrow. There waa, he said, on the papt to-night for further consider in committee, tho Vin Diseases Bill, tho consideration of winch might tak eorno considerable time. As it was advisablo to gt that bill out of tho way before beginning tho dis cussion on tho subject of federation, ho intended ne to proceed with federation this evening, but to os the Houso to take it to-morrow. Mr. HOSKINS enid he would Uko ask th Minister ior Justice whether ho did not think tim the question was of such magnitude that it, take: ?with other circumstances, ought to restrain th Government from proceeding with it ut present Tho public had huon informed that th Government intended if possible to closo th session at tho end of the month. If that was sc sufficient business would bo sent up to engage th attention of tho Council until Parliament was pro rogued. Did not tho Minister of Justicn think thu the question of federation ought to stand over, a any rato, for tins session ? In regard t tho financial crista which had arisen, h thought the Government had taken a pruden course The Government ought to take into cou sideration tho fact that tho position at tho presen timo waa unparalleled. A number of financial insti tutions hud, through no fault of their own, hid t succumb, tho offect being to unsettle tho minds of th people tosuchauextentthatthoy wero really incapabl of approaching m a calm and proper munuer tho dis cussion of eo important a question UB federation Things had como, to such a pu<a that no ono wc carabin of entering calmly into that discussion. I federation was carried, thu colony would loso a larg amount of its revenue A lot of the colonista did no know whether they had beon ruined or not Tho wholo of tho colonies wcro in difficulties, um none of thom at tho present timo woro giving mud attention to federation. (Hear, hear.) It reall; interested very fow people just now. It was th' financial difliculty that was cngrosiing alton rion. It was u travesty oa legislation ti ask thom to consider that mutter whei people's minds were so unsottlcd with financia difficulties. Thoy ought to leavo that quustiou ti bc dealt with noxt session. Mr. JACOB said ho thought it was a farce for thi Government to ask them to consider that niattor al tho fag oud of the session. Ho did not believe tin Government bad any sincero desire to go oi with tho matter. It was really very laughabli to find the .yitorney-Genoral, in speaking t( a deputation tho other day, blaming this House foi the delay that had arisen iu conucctiou with dealinr with federation. Tho Government was to blame foi tho whole of the delny that had urisen. Mr. DAVIES said that tho Houso was not in t propor frame of mind at tho present time to dca with so important a matter ns federation. He sympathised with tho Government in tho groai difficulty that boset it in logard to tho prosonl flniincisl crisis. Ho thought that all that wai re- quired to restore confidence was good, sound, prac- tical legislation. Mr. GREVILLE said that if federation hud berni accomplished united action between tho colonie* would have talton pine,;, and tho panic which had occurred provontoil from fpre.idinrr. Ho thought thc discussion of federation at tho present moment would do an iinmouse amount of good. Mr. DANGAR said ho hoped that tho Ministor foi Justico would think twice boforo nsking thom to consider those resolutions nt thu present moment. What was tho uso of passing au abstract resolution, and leaving it to ba dealt with next sossion ? Ho ' thought thero ought to bo another convention boforo those resolutions wero pro- ceeded with. Tho members wuro sick of the sossion, and thoro was not the ghost of a chanco of thoso resolutions receiving proper consideration at tho present raiment. He was by no moans con- vinced that thoy ought lo poss thoso resolutions. Our own internal uud domestic ulfairs woro of euch importunco at tho present moment that tho federation resolutions sank into insignificance whou placed alougsiilo of them. He did not see how federation would havo prevented tho crisis from occurring. Sir JULIAN SALOMONS said ho hoped tho Government would not call upon the Houso to consider those resolutions to-inorrow. Members wero not in n fit frame of mind to consider o. question which was of tho utmost importance He had reconsidered the question of federation, and to the principle would give his support. That matter must Btand over at least boyomi to-morrow. If it were brought forward for consideration to-morrow tho House might roject it. It should bo put off for EOmo reasouab'.o time Tho Govern- ment bad pressing domestic matter« to deal with, and it was not desirable that at tho prosont timo they should take upou themselves the much larger ques- tion of federation. Mr. TRICKETT said ho thought it would bo a pity to enter into that question ut.tho presout moment. He should Uko to know what tho viow of tho Assembly was likely to bo with rogard to tho Commonwealth Bill. Ho did not approve of a reso- lution bcnig passed the otfect of which would morely bo to say that federation BUOUM toko place in tho aweet by-and-byo. Mr. DAY said that tho resolutions would not hind them to anything. Ho thought that thov might pass tho resolutions ou the following night, "und go into committee ou the bill next week. Tho sooner they dealt with tho mensuro the bottor it would bo for the prosperity of tho colonies. Mr. PILCHER said (hat thoso who had read tho resolutions must soo that passing thom wonld bo goiug avery longway boyond giving assent to the principles of federation. Tho words ho objoctod to «ero .'approvos of tho main principle» of thepro 50sí!8 *?* a foaoral constitution embodied in tho Jralt bül of tho National Conveution." Ho lor ono did not approve. Another objection was uiat tho colonies at the present timo were not awe to bear tho additional expenditure which would M involvsd. Having regard to tho presont state of SürW' 0,0 option toan additional oxpensiye lena ol Qovemmoat waa an insuperable ono. Tho/ could not como to a doeision on this point too calmly ot too deliberately. If tho matter came up for consideration, say, in n month's time, it would rcceivo at their hands a deliberate and better consideration than they could {rive to it at the present time. This course, ho thought, would bo not only moro beneficial to this colony, but to tho object which tho hon. member had in view. Mr. O'CONNOR «aid that tho course which he pro- posed to tako waa one which had not been decided upon without duo consideration of thowhole circumstances, and although ha had very attentively listcnod to tho various suggestions and arguments which hud been put forward against that course, ho had not heard anything which hud satisfied him that it was a wrong ono. It oppcared to bim that the Houso had not quito realised the position in which tilia colony stood in rognrd to federation. If this « ero simply a matter requiring an expression of opimion of that Houso in rogurd to tho principles and detniU of the measure it might vory well be said that a moro fit time might, havo been chosen to bring it forward. Ho thought, however, that ho could satisfy tho Houso that this colony was under an obligation to deal with this question at the earliest period. To satisfy hon. members that such was tho case ho would recall their attention to tho history of this matter as far as this colony was concerned. In April, 1891, tile Convention, which was composed of tho dologates of this colony and of tho other colonies eloctod by ¿ho different Parliaments, met for tho express purpose of bringing up draft pro- posals. Tho Convention drafted certain proposals and decidod to submit them for approval to tho variouB Parliaments. By an unfortunate chango of circumstances not necessary for him to particularise, and in regard to which he (lid not attach blame to anybody, it had boon impossible to deal with tho resolutions, at nil eveuts up to the commeucemont of this session. Sir JULIAN SALOMONS roso te a point of ordor. Eo contended that the hon. member in moving for tho adjournment of a resolution had no right of roply. Mr. O'CONNOR, on tho point of order, said that he had boen challenged all through the debate to make a statement os to what were tho intentions of the Government. . Mr. PRESIDENT ruled the hon. momber out of order. Ho had no right to a roply, but he had understood that hon. memberB wished Mr. O'Connor to explain the decision of the Government. Mr. O'CONNOR said thnt if the House allowed him to make a statement as to the decision of tho Government ho would go on ; but he declined to address tho Houso with tho limitation that he should only go so far os some members thought flt. If tho Houso withdraw the objoction ho would, go oa, but otherwiso ho would say nothing more. (Voices : "Divido."; A division was called for, but there being no tellers on tho side of the " noes " the question wus resolved iu the afflrmutivo. Tho only disseutient .was Mr. Dangar. VINE DISEASES BILL. The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole for tho purpoeo of further considering tho Vine Diseases Bill in dotail. Clauso 19, " Subsidy to boards." Dr. MACLAURIN moved tho omission of tho daune with a view to inserting in its place tho following now clauso :-" Tho Minister may cause to bo paid out of the consolidated revenue in any year to any board by way of eubsidy such sum of money as may iu hts opinion bo uccossary for carrying out the provisions of this Aut not oxceedingiuamount tho Bum collected us rates by such board during such year." Ho said that this would meet the ob- jections of Beveral < hon. members. The utmost amount that would bo entailed on tho con- solidated roveuuo would bo £3900 per aunutn. Mr. DAVIES saul that moro than three times the amount stated by tho hon. member would bo ro quired. Mr. DANGAR said that tho amendment, al- though not altogether satisfactory, went a long way to meet some of tho objections raised (luring tho dis- cussion on tho clauso. Tho amendment was agreed to on tho voices. Clauso 20, "Replanting of Vinoyards." Mr. DANGAR moved as an amendmont tho omis- sion, after tho word "planted," of tho words "or be pormitted to grow either," eo ns to provide that " no vines shall bo planted in any land from which any disoasod vines havo been removed." ' He said that ho objected to tho restriction that no vinos should bo plaùtéd or permitted to grow within a radius of one milo from an iafccted viuoyard. Mr. SHEPHERD said that it was quito right to provent any now vines being planted within a radius of one milo, but to root up all healthy viues within that radiufl would be very extravagant. Dr. MACLAURIN said that it was not tho inten- tion of tho bill to root up vinos within a radius of one milo of an infected vineyard, but to provent new vinos being planted. Tho amendment was agreed to on the voices. Mr. DANGAR moved tho further amendmont of the clause by tho omission of tho words " or in any laud within a radius of ono milo thereof ; " tho wordB " or bo imprisoned for any term not exceed- ing six months ; " and the words " or growing in or." The amendment of tho clauso in thoso respects was agreed to, thus altering it to read :-" Nomines símil be planted in any land from which any diseased vines have boen reinovod for n period of four years after such removul, and nny porson who shall commit any ' breach of this soctiou shall, on conviction thorebf, pay a penalty not oxcocding £100, and all viues planted on any such land within such period shall bo destroyed by un inspector or district inspector, as tho caso may bo." Clauses 21 to 25 inclusivo were agreed to as printed. Clauses 2G to 30 inclusivo were agreed to, in most cases with verbal amendments. Clauso 31, " Appointment and payment of dis- trict officers." Mr. DANGAR «aid that ho was opposed to giving the hoards power to appoint an unlimited number of .inspectors. If the clause was adopted, it would afford au easy way for making appointments and saddling tho Civil Service with a lot of incumbrances, who would do very little work for the salary they would receive He moved the amendment of the clauso so as to limit the powers of each board in regard to appointments to ona district inspeotor. Dr. MACLAURIN said ho would accept the amendment. The umendment was agreed to. Dr.MACLAURIN moved tho further amendmont of tho clause so us to render it obligatory for each board to pay tho salaries of its own inspectors and other officers. Tho amendmont was agreed to. Mr. DAY said he did not approvo of mombcra of tho board being paid for their services. Dr. MACLAURIN moved tho furthor amendmont of tho clause so ns to mako it próvido that no mem- ber of a board should bo paid for his services. Tho amendment wns agreed to. Clauses 32 and 33 were agrood to. Clause 34, "Power of board to lovy rate." Dr. MACLAURIN moved tho amendment of tho clauso by tho iusertion of a proviso, thus making tho first portion of the clause read :-" 1. Every board shall have power to inpose and levy annually a rate according to tho valuo of every vineyard within the district not exceeding £1 per côntum of tho valuo of each such vineyard ns entered m tho nssessmont roll. Provided that if necessary to liquidate claims for compensation or to meet other liabilities, the board shall within any year levy a rate to the full amount of £1 per centum, or two or moro equal rates amounting iii tho aggregate to£l per centum," Kc. Tho second sub-section of tho clauso was aniendod so as to próvido for appeal against ruting. Clauses 3ij and 30 wero ngreod to. Clauso 37, " Occupier liable to pay rate in tho first instance." Dr. MACLAURIN moved tho amendment of the claiiïo by tho omission of tho latter portion of it, thus muk'uig it read :-" Every rato imposed under this Act shall bo payable, in tho first instance, by tho occupier of tho vineyard ; but unless otherwise expressly provided in any leiiso or agrcoineut, such occupier, if a tenant, may recover from his landlord oue-hali the amount of the rato paid by or recovered from him as money paid to tho uso of tho Ijndlord, or tho sanio may bo deducted from, or set-off against, tho rent then duo or thereafter to becomo due." Clauses 38 to 47 wore agreed to. Clause 48, '. Onus of proof on dofondnnt," was, at tho instanco of Mr. JOHN SMITH, negatived. Clauso 49 was verbally amonded. Tho remaining provisions of the bill were agreed to. Tho titlo was amonded. Tho House resumed, and the bill was reported with amendments. , Dr. MACLAURIN moved that tho report be adopted. Mr. SHEPHERD njoved ns an omondmcnt, " That tho bill bo recommitted with a viow to the reconsideration of clauBo 9." Better methods than those contemplated by tho clause could be adopted and would prove effectual. Tho amendment was agreed to and tho House went iato committoo. Mr. BURDETT SMTTH moved the amendment of sub-clause A of clauso 9, so that the quarantine, instead of extending to " evory vineyard within a radiua of ono milo " from the vineyard in which, tho disease was discovered, should not extend beyoud "every vineyard within n radius of a quarter of a milo " of tho infected vineyard. Dr. MACLAURIN said ho objected altogothor to that proposal. That matter had alreadr been care- fully considered. Ho moved that the Chairman do now leave the chnir, report no progress, and ask leave to sit again to-morrow. Mr. SHEPHERD said that ho oonsidcred that the bill was u wrotched mensuro from beginning to end. Tho motion for reporting progress waa agreed to, and tho House hu Ving resumed progress waa reported accordingly. ADJOURNMENT. The Houiie, nt ó minutos to 9, adjourned until 4 o'clock on Wednesday. 