A LOCAL TOUR. NOTES ON A FLYING T11IP. (1Y A IRAVELLING COrE15 SPON;IT.\'r In travelling around amongst the farmers in this district one cannot help noticing the great improvenments that are taking place on every hand. The forest is perceptiblygiving way-ver slowly and grudgingly, but still suroly-- and Nature is daily' losing ground before the onward march of man. One sees a gap hero and there cleared of every tree and stump actually " fitted for tho plough"-and looking fine with a crop of oats, field peas, horse beans and potatoes. On some of the flats around Shady Creek the faruisers are now ploughing for maize, and there is no doubt it grows rcal well there, and is, as one farmer put it-" hard to lick for the milkers." Nearly every one you meet who is interested in land is asking about . ' STE SUGAR BEET I Will it pay to'grow? Could we dispose of it? Some of the farmers mako the most atrocious puns concerning this'particular root. One man thinks there is no end of " sugar" in it, and another takes just. the opposite view, dnd declares it to be his " bete noir,", while .a third maintains that as a cattle food "it -can't bed 'beat.' " Tihe ghost of Dr. Johnson will appear to some .of these people yet, and theil per. haps they will-stop it. Mr. lastings, on the Bloonsfield-road. who, by the way, is the oldest settler about here, -has grown some sugar beet for'the last three years, and speaks in the highest terms as to its growth. He showed nie a fine specimen of linseed (home grown), and said how well the flax throve in this district silholi properly 'ciltivatbd.. There is no doubt that these' two products-flax and sugar beet- will be getting a good sharo of atten tion next season. At SoiR. JOHN ALTLIARTRIE'S. the crop of horse beans is looking very healthy, and I hear they yield very abin dantly;. Whilo' traversing the' Red' Hill track, I came upon-I was going to say a clearing, but the clearing part has yet to come-a place where a great many trees had.been cut down. I couldn't make it out at first, but on nearer approach, saw bark huts, and a moment later an elderly main, two women and some' elnldren came into view. " Come and have a cnp of tea," called out a cheery voice, so I hitched up mny nag to a young peppermint, aln', after crawling over, under, and round a few tritling obstacles in the shape of mess miates prone on the ground, and on each other, came to where the billy was boil-. ing. " This is the ' Mizpnh' Village Settlement,. said one of the party, and we have made a start, as you see ! There was no doubt about the "start." .An earthquake in that particular spot could hardly have made more trouble.' Your readers are of course conversant with the Act underwhlich - Tllt PII.ILA(;E SiTTLEiS 5 go on to the Ind. The bark inhuts are jinst to serve for the time being, and soon all hands will turn to and build six houses, there being that munber of families on this ;00 acres of land, each settler getting' 50 acres. The survey is not completed yet. When it is the settlers will draw lots for positions. The land immediately round about'tlhe canmp is not the best in the world, but no doubt each isan twill find solme good patches on his 50 acres. The people have gone in with the right spirit, and are very Hopefull of success. The gentler sex especially will not hear of obstacles, but are just " a little skeary" about snakes.. They have not ihad the pleasure of meeting any yet, and from what T could unndcrstand, don't want to. Anyway, they are quite" fidll up" of towni life. Their firewood won't cost ' quito' a shilling a cwt., and the water is already laid on (in the gully)-no rent to payaund plenty of fresh air. The children seemed to think it was a sort of PROLONGED " PICNIC, and looked thoroughily happS. Only two of the settlers' wives have coins as yet the others will sooti follow. 'Those fallen trees must look. very formidable tosmen not accustomed to bushl work, but "log ging,-up" will sooin become faisiliikr, and fire will prove a good friend. "lWe want a cow badly," said one of the party" " that would be agreat help !" The good geutleman sitting next sue on the log was inclined to throw cold watec on the coiw; or rather on the idea of getting one. '" Why, we'd lose a cow here it we hlad one," said he. Both -his ecompanions, lloweveer, instantly over-ruled that notion. "Don't you think for a moment we would lose the coir," said they in one breath- " not the slightest fear of that, for we are quite willing to follow thatecow all day," and far into the night I think-they said, to avert such a calamity. I verily believie they would undertake to give any ordinary cow a. week's start,; and then find it. I caw a n'ice hell and a brood of well-grown chicks nakkig themiselves quite at home aluongst the logs,.and was told that a' CRATE OF FOWLS was on the way, buhot had been delayed. fMy friend on the log said siomething about the fowls being in a crate rather' longer than was good for them, and liad a kind of foreboding that the fowls in question would not reach the settlement (not alive, anyway)-but it was no go, nothing could damp the spirits of .his eompanions they- wouldi't hear ond word against those fowl--- dead or oliveo-and made some rs fcerence to Job, at which swe all laughed, and none more heartily than msy friiend iimself. If the other settlers are all as cheerfiul anid deerminied as these they will pnsh their way, and have no cause to regret their resolve. 