THE CLERICAL SCANDAL. TO THIS EDITOR. REV. J. B. JOHNSON'S EXPLANATION, CON FESSION, AND CHALLENGE. —I remain, yours penitently, JARVIS B. JOHNSON. Auckland, 9th December, 1893. JOHN GIL[?]. Richmond road, Auckland, 10th December, 1893. Dear SIR, -As an explanation of the above appear ing in your issue copied from the Melbourne Argu [?] . I beg to lay u plain statement before you, and leave you and the public to judge. About nine yearn agu I left Ireland—where I had been engaged in Christian work—lor these colonies, bringing with me official credentials from the Aoglicin, Wesleyan, and Biptist Churches, and from the IrMi evangelisation Society. Arriving in Vic toria, I became associated with the United Methodist ■tree Churches. [Mr Johnson states what were his epgageoientd in Victoria, and the success whieh attended his labors] Daring my five aud a-half jears ministry m Ballarat (though according to Argus correspondent I wai there only two or three years, which is He No. 1), I was'married to a lady member of ray church, who was a comfort and help to me in the work until by a severe cold she was prostrated with infiimmation of the bowels, which developed later oil into cancerous tumour. Nine doctors saw her, some were constantly m attendance. However, after seventeen month** severe illness she died, leaving me with roy wee child. Universal eymtmthy was expressed. The constant strain of the affliction and the crash of death so pro* strated me that a change was inevitable. Some kind friends found me the whe’ri-witlv and I procured a holiday from the church, and I came on to New Zealand with no intention whatever of remaining there. On my way to Auckland from the South I was spoken to in reference to’ joining the Wesleyan Church, While in Auckland X conducted services in connection with the Wesleyan body; and attended the Helping Hand mission* once or twice. I then re* signed frcoi the other body by'cable, their conference sitting at the time at Bendigo. name, by the way, was down on their list of stations for oue of their principal circuits). In answer to the cable, a reply was sent, stating that my resignation was accepted. “ With regard to Credentials, that as no information was to hand con* taining Mr J. B. Johnson's reasons for resigning w this annual assembly declines to comply with hisapplica* tion for credentials, but leaves the same in the hands of the Connexional Committee.” My application having been sent to the Wesleyan Conference at Dunedin, with numerous credentials, I was unani mously accepted. Presently a cable having been sent to Victoria to know my'standing in' the ministry, a reply came, ** Credentials not satisfactory,” which was sent on to me. This was the first thing I heard re any dissatis faction with ray life or conduct. I could not explain it, and returned to Victoria to make enquiry; arrived at Melbourne and called on the pitsldeut of the Free Methodist Church for credentials, and received the following:—(We have already given the credentials, which stated, “That this committee regrets that it cannot recommend him to any other religious body.’ ] I asked him, “ Why the last clause i” He said, "You know why.” I said, “No, 1 don’t. He said, "You know how things are at Ballarat.'* I said, “What things?” He said, “The rumors,” I said, “What rumors?* and demanded to know what they were. He would not tell me. I asked him if lie could not give me a better credential, and and he said, “ No, we are not obligated to give any of our ministers a credential.” Fiually I said, "What have the ministers against im?’ to which he replied, “The ministers have nothing against you.*’ I then re turned to Ballarat, and was received with a warm welcome, and made enquiries in reference to the said rumors. It seemed'to me the whole thing was a lot of gossip. I remained in B illarat for about a week, during which time'l went about publicly, and it was widely known througn th“ press that I had returned, and persons came on every band to welcome me. Mr Johnson states that a public tea meeting Wi»s held, at which he received an illuminated address which he gives:— City of Ballarat, Victoria, 2Sth March, 1893. To the Rev. Jarvis B. Johnson. Reverend and dear sir, —On the eve of your departure for New Zealand, we feel that we cannot allow you to depart from us with out an expression of the high esteem and respect in which you are held by all those with whom you have been closely associated during your ministry of five years and a half in this city. Asa pastor, you have labored most earnestly and successfully in the dis charge of your many and arduous duties. Your preaching has been fraught with the power of the Holy Ghost, and owned of God in the conversion of multitudes of souls, edlfyiug believers, comforting the sorrowing, instructing all, whilst your pastoral visits have brought sunshine into many a home. Your efforts in connection with the temperance cause, the Womens Christian Temperance Union, and the People’s Saturday night meetings, have largely contributed to the success of these movements and your labor in mission work amongst the poor, and in alleviation of their distress, has been appreciated bj'all. We assure you of our sincere and deep sym pathy with you in your recent sad bereavement, and in expressing our great* regret at your leaving us, join in a heartfelt- wish that your mission work in New Zealand, for which you are so eminently fitted, may be abundantly blessed. We are, on behalf of friends and members of your church and congregation, faith fully yours, (signed) David Cooke, Mayor of the City; E, A. Boswarrick, president of the W.C.T.U.; Win. Roberts, president of the Y.P.5.0.E.; A. W. Crowe, secretary of the P.S.N.M.; and James Adams, the oldest member of Mr Johnson*s church. . t 1 ft for Auckland on Wednesday morning by the. 6 25 train; yet at that early hour a Urge concourse of people 'assembled on tbe platform, offered prayer, and sung farewell hymns iu tears as the train moved out cf the station. I may say that white I was in Ballarat I took every opportunity of seeing the presi dent, tried to reason with him, and furthermore offered to pay all expenses cf the connexional com* mittee coming together to have matters investigated, and, it necessary, appear before them personally, to dear myself of anything they might lay to my charge, but this was refused. Then I prepared a long state ment aod submitted it to the president to be laid before the committee, which was to meet in about three mouths; be read it, and 6eemed favorably im pressed. Some of my late church officials waited upon him, and it appeared that there was no doubt of my getting m3' full credentials when the said committee met. My own church gave me the following creden tial. signed by all the officials:— United Methodist Free Church, South street, Bal larat, Victoria.—The Kev. J. B. Johnson, who is now leaving Ballarat for New Zealand, has been a minister of the United Methodist Free Church, Victoria, for a period of seven and a-half years. Tbe last two years in full connection. During the past five.and a-balf years he has been pastor of tbe South street Church, Ballarat, during which time he has been instru mental in working up a good church. His preaching has been very acceptable and fraught with muoh power, and blessed in the Balvation of very many souls, and in tbe edifying of believers. He resigns on his own acoord, and leaves us with all our best wishes for his future welfare and success.—John Roberts (cir cuit steward), Benjamin Jennings (secretary), John Doran (chapel steward), James Adams (church steward), John Gilbert (church steward', Henry Gren fell (church steward), George Fuller (poor steward). — 27th March, 1893. I also received credentials from the Mayor of the City, Canon Mac Murray, the Victorian Alliance, the Women’s Christian Temperance. Union, the Good Templars, the Rev. C. Lancaster, Wesleyan minister, the Y,P.*.C.K., and many others, all speaking in high terras of my life and tabor in Ballarat (which gives the lie (No. 2) again to the Argus* dorre«poudeut, who ea>B I received a credential from oris member of my church). I sailed to New Zealand on the s.s. Te Anau, and we were about five or six days on the way\ duriog which time I was very ill with mental strain and seasickness, and was prostrate on a bed on the deck for five days and nights. We arrived in Auckland about 1 o’clock in the morning, aud I left the steamer at C, pro-, c *eding to a friend’s place where n message reached me that roy credentials were required by 9.30 s.m., to be taken to the - Rev. H. Bull. This took roe rather by su» prise, a*s I received a cable on the other side telling me I was appointed to Freeman’s Bay, also a lengthy paragraph from your paper in reference to the appointment! which led me to conclude the whole matter w as right, or I would not In all probability have left Victoria with this adverse credential. Furthermore, an account of it was in the Helping Hand paper with my photo., which still further sub stantiated my impression. Truly, a letter was written by the district chairman (the Bev. W. Lee) to Ballarat, informing me that I was received by the Wesleyan Conference, subject to my credentials being satis factory. Unfortunately, this letter did not reach me until 1 returned to New Zealand, it having been sent back from Ballarat. It was at this junoture that I took a false, sad step, and did wrong. On the impulse of the moment tbe thought came—**The credential from Mr Harrison is un&aiiriactory; and unfair; sup press the unsatisfactory clause, and add the words which he spoke, in effect if not in the same terms, to me at the Botanical Gardens a .short rime before I left *(to the eff'Ct that the ministers wished me well). I yielded to this impulse, feeling, in my frenzy, that it was my just right to suppress that which I believed to be false and inspirtd by jealousy. To make a long story short. This amended credential was accepted, and I went on with my work at Free man’s Bay. After rest of body and mind for a few days, I reflected on my netion, and realised I had oommitted a grievous 6in against both God and man. 1 was much distressed, and broke down under it. I oonfided in a friend; and. after consultation, it was thought better to leave the matter till the committee should meet ou the other side, and send me, as I had qo doubt they would, a fuller and more favorable credential. This I had resolved to take to Mr Bull, with a full explanation of the whole matter. After some three -or four months’ delay, a letter came, staring that the said committee saw no reason for going into the matter any further. Later on 1 wrote to Mr Harrison for a copy of the original, meaning to do the same with that. No answer came. I then wrote to Mr Bull for the one I had given him, and 1 destroyed it because I could not live any longer under the realisation of the wrong, whatever the consequence might be. I would be right with God. I knew my action wonld cause an investigation, when f was determined I would confess the whole matter, which it has done, with theconsa quer.ee that I have not only confessed but resigned my position, and thrown myself and my wee mother less child on the world. I would here point out another inaccuracy in the Argus 1 report to theeffefc that rumors detrimental to my character had reached New Zealand and caused the investigation, which is not so(which makes He No. 3),for by my own action I brought the whole thing to the front, for had X not moved it might never have been known. Fur thermoie, in all the correspondence between'the authorities of the Free Methodist churches and Mr Bull no charge has been laid against me, neither has the nature of the said rumors been made known, which has rather puzzled tbe Wesleyan ministers. I consider it was unmanly, un-English, much more, un christian. for the Free Methodist authorities to be constantly referring to rumors and never daring to make them known, and it looks as though there was nothing at the back of these rumors to substantiate them; it teems like stabbing a man id tbe dark. Now, Mr Editor, I acknowledge I have done a terribl** wrong, and I npoioelse to the Wesleyan iamf Free Methodist churches both here and on the other side. However, let roe sny, though I do not want to make I‘ght of my a'ction. still it was done on the im ptilnp, when I was suffering great mental strain and weakness of body; when 1 was not really capable of judging in such a matter; also the provoo*tion was very great, for I contend I was harshly trbated by the heads of the Free Methodist Churehsfter many years of faithful service. I may be Judging wrongly when 1 say their action was inspired through bitterness at my leaving their body, for they had never laid any chH rge against roe, but evidently tried me, found me guilty, and sentenced roe without giving me any opportunity of defend ng myself, [Here Mr Johnson quotes a letter given him by tbe Mayor of Ballarat. J Citv of Ballarat, Town Ilall, 23rd February, 1893. It affords me much pleasure to testify to tbe worth and ability of tbe Rev. J. B. Johnson, who has laborep in Ballarat for the past five years. Having had ex* ceptional opportunities of coming in contact with him, both as a minister in the discharge of his duties and as a citizen, 1 have found him to be a man of genuine worth, and one who to know him is to appre ciate him. His only fault is that with so much energy he works too hard. I shall be pleased if any recom mendation that I can make will in any way assist him in lifting in his profession, as he deserves promotion, —David Coorb, Mayor of Ballarat And why such a public farewell, the presentation of such an address, and credentials from so many public institutions; and how is it that 1 have received letters by every Australian mail up to th® present date from leading persons of my late church ? also from persons occupying responsible positions in thecity of Ballarat, which I have placed before tbe committee who have investigated my case, such letters full of kindly re marks and sympathy; yet no reference to any' kind of rumor. And why such a credential from my late church signed by all my church officials'? Surely they ought to have known ray char acter, when I had laboured and lived among them over five years better than the president who lived a hundred miles away. Why did the president allow me to preach in one of hi 9 churches, and have, a farewell tea, &c.;, if my character was questioned; and why was my name down for one of their principal circuits when I resigned? Why was I stabbed in the way I was, when through absence I was unable to de fend myself? And why is the whole matter, with much that is falie and libellous, put in the Melbourne paper when the correspondence between here and there was considered confidential? Why the abomin able lie and libel published that I came, to New Zealand with a second wife (which I notice you have failed tr> copy from the Argux), when I did no Ruch thing? I challenge them to eeaich the public registers to see if such a 'marriage has taken place, and to subject the matter to the closest investigation. The facts of the case are:—My child’s nurae happened to be a New Zealand young person who had visited Ballarat by order of the New Zealand doctors for her health’s sake. She suffers with her lungs. While I was in New Zealand on my holidays, she was very IU, and was ordered by Dr Scott, of Ballarat, to at once return to Auckland, as she could not live long if she remained in Victoria. When I re turned to Ballarat, hearing this, I called in some of my friends, and held a conference on tbe matter, as to whether I had better allow the said young person to accompany me to take charge of my two-year-old motherless child, or whether I had better send her on before, or let ber remain behind for another steamer, and they advised me to take no notice of anyone, but to take her with me and do the thing openly, which 1 did. If their statement in re ference to second wife is any criterion to go by, we may readily judge as to tbe truthfulness of the other rumors. Alas, that under such provocation I should have made such a false step. This I deeply regret, and have confessed it publicly and privately. In tears 1 have confessed it to God, and received Hlb abundant forgiveness. Being on my way to Victoria, I am placing my case in the hands of mv lawyer, and demand my credentials. Trusting you will insert this In full, which is a true statement of my case, and can be verified by the committee who inrestigited the matter.- StR —With your permission I wish to state, for the bentfit of the above gentleman, who is at present so painfully and prominently brought before the public on account of the paragraph which you copied from the Melbourne Argus of the 30th ult, that. I was a resident of Ballarat during the whole time of his ministry with the United Free Metho dist Church in that city, and being a partner in a large drapery firm whose premises were situated very near the church, I came in almost daily contact with members of his congregation, and never ba\e I heard a disrespectful word or rumor concerning him; in fact, Sir, Mr Johnson was a minister universal!}’ esteemed for his many good qualities and actire interest in temperance work and social reform movements, and especially was he loved amongst the poor. When Mr Johnson returned to Ballarat from a New Zealand tour, large farewell meetings were held, when he challenged anyone to make a charge or prove* anything against him. The statement in the Argus is very far-fetched, and the announcement of his second marriage utterly untrue. The people of Ballarat were very sorry when he made it known that he intended settling in New Zealand, and I believe there are many in Ballarat who would gladly welcome Mr Johnson back again. If the rev. gentle man has acted indiscreetly in altering & damaging credential given to him after years of faithful service without ever being called before the church authori ties to answer any charges or rumors, he himself, I feel certain, will fully explain and apologise for acting under the impulse and provocation whi.-h that docu ment must have given. Hoping, Sir, that Mr Johnson will demand an explanation from his accusers and fully dear himself before the public, is the earnest wish of yours faithfully. 