JERUSALEM— MIRACLE OP THE HOLY FIRE. Entering the gate of the holy sepnlohre churob, the first object which attracted my attention wis the stone of nnction, vehetated as the spot where the body of onr Lord was anointed lor bnriai. several large oanaies are kept standing at each end, and over it are suspended several silverlamps. The piljgrims all bow ; and, afrer making the sigh of the cross, kiss the sacred stone. Leaving the stone of nnction, we were conducted to the holy sepalohre. The monnment erected over the tomb contains two apartments. In the first is the stone, where, it is said,; the angel made his appear ance to Mary ; in the other is the holy tomb. I waited some time for the pilgrims to with- draw. While standing there, a pilgrim nnfnrnd. and at the sierht of the tomb. went and sobbed as over the grave of a parent. Seven ty-three feet from the holy sepnlohre we came to the chapel of apparition, in which a few Oatholios were engaged in evening service ; the music, for softness and solemnity, exceeded any thing wbioh I had heard in Asia. From this ohapel we returned to the holy sepulchre ; and, passing throngh the Greek obnrch, ascended Meant Calvary. It Is sixteen feet above the level of the tomb. I stooped down to look into the hole in which, it is snpposed, stood the cross ; below which is a fissure in the rock, made, it is believed, when Christ onr Lord bowed his bead, and' gave up the ghost. On Easter eve, every apartment of tbe ohnroh was crowded with Turks, Jews, Christiane, and people from every nation under heaven : they were assenhled to witness the snpposed miracalons descent of the Holy Spirit, under the similitude of fire. It is estimated that at least 5000 people were present. The governor of the oity, and the Turks of rank, were there. A very convenient place was allotted me to observe distinctly every ceremony. About twelve o'clock we witnessed scenes of a very extraordinary nature, and highly derogatory to tbe Christian profetsion. A body of Arab Obristians, natives of Palestine, were admitted to perform their part in the duties of the holy week; they began by running round the holy sepnlohre with all the frantic airs of madmen ; clapping their hands, throwing their caps into the air,oaffing one another's ears, walking half naked upon the sbonlders of their oompanions, hallooing, or rather shrieking, to the ntmost extent of their voices. This was the exhibition to 5000 people,; who were in expectation of soon witnessing the descent of 'the holy fire. About one o'clock the Tnrks entered ' the . small' apartment of the holy tomb, ex tingnished the lamps, closed the door, and set a watoh. I was determined to enter myself tbe holy sepnlchre, with the Rnseian oonsnl, to see from what dirooiion the fire prboeeded ; but they replied, 'The Turks will not give permission to strangers to enter.' Shortly after, tbe principal Greek priest entered the holy sepnlohre, attended by the Armenian patriarch, and also by the Syrian patriaroh. The Greek priest, however, entered the seoond apartment unattended. Every eye was fixed as the time approached. As we stood waiting, snddenly there darted from the sepalohre a flaming torch, which was oarried almost iastautaneonsly to a distant part of the assemhly. I stood among the;first to reoeive the fire ; and to prove that, as to its 'power of hurning, it contained no extraordinary qualities. The zeal of the pilgrims to get a part of the fire before the snperior qdalities departed (as, they say, it burns like other fire in a few minntes),. endangered the lives of many : several were well nigh crashed to death. Some lighted candles, others tow, with a view to preserve a part of its infinenoe. Some held their faces in the blaze, saying, ' It does not burn.' Others said, 'Now, Lord, I believe 1 forgive my former nnhelief.' After this the pirims retired, abundantly satisfied with what they had 'seen and heard. The number of pilgrims present at this Passover may bo thus stated : — 1200 Greeks,' 1400 Armenians, 70 Copts, 20 Syriansi' 15 OatholioB,' l Abyssihian' : total 2706; - Passing' the north-east corner of the 'city, we descended to the brook Eedtoh. The'hed of the; stream was' perfectly dry, notwith standing the great rains. On'ohr left, I saw the ohnroh .erected over the 'grave of the 'Virgin Mary ; on our right, the' garden of Getbsemane. St. John has marked the site of the garden very particularly He went forth with his disciples over tho hrook Eedron.' There is but one spot- over the hrook Eedron convenient for a garden This garden has been consecrated by the- many prayers,' and by the blood, of onr divine Saviour ; 'for Jesus ofttimes resorted thither with his disciples.' It' is still occnpied as a garden, and contains several large olive-trees; In fifteen or twenty minutes I reached the summit of the Mount of Olives; Here we had a delightful view of the city, and also of the Dead Sea. Perhaps no place in the world commands a finer prospect, or is associated with events more sacred and snblime. ' David went up by the ascent of Mount Olivet, and wept as be went up, and had his head covered, and he went barefoot;' On the east side of it, out blessed Saviour raised Lazarus from the grave ; and on the west he endured the agony of Gethsetnane. Here he beheld the city and wept over it. From this mount he was at one time conducted to Jerusalem with shoutings of-'Hosanna to the; Son of David;' and at another, with the cry of 'Crucify him! crucify him 1' From this spot he gave his lastoondmision, ' Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel ; ' and thence ascended, and ' sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high.' Bethany is about two miles east of Jerusa lem, at tbe_ foot of the Mount of Olivos, on the east side. We came to the grave of Lazarus. 'It was a cave,' saith St. John, and a stone lay upon it.' A Turk, who seemed to have charge of the sepulchre, for a few paras'gave us lighted tapers, and permis sion to' enter. We descended twenty- eight stone steps, where we found a small room, about eight feet square. On the ' east and west sides are tombs cut out in the solid rock. Probably Jesus our Lord stood here, and cried, with a loud voice, 'Lazarus, come forth. After a residence of about three months in this sabred city, I can say that, in one respect, it difEers from any other place that I ever visited there is no such thing as being satiated by. viewing objects every where presented to the eye. The sight of Smyrna, of iPergamos, of Patmos, awakened the tendereet sensibilities ; bnt the feelings were in a measure momentary. It is not so with Jerusalem. I now go to Mount Calvary— walk in the .garden- of ' Gethsemane-stand upon the- heights of' Z ion — ascend the Mount of Olives —drink of the waters of Siloam— with greater pleasure than I did on the first day of my arrival. Indeed, there' are so many subjects presented to the mind — such as the devout ' anthems of David ; the dedicatory prayer of Solomon, w-hen he kneeled, and spread out his hands to God, and consecrated a temple, which became the -glory of the church, the wonder of the world ; the exalted strains of Isaiah, when be saw the day of Christ and rejoiced ; the zeal; patriotism, and piety ofi'Ezra and Nehemiab, when they reared the tabernacle of David amid the opposition of the world ; and, what is infinitely more, the sofferings, death, resnr- rebtion, and ascension of our divine Redeemer, —that the pleasure must be increased upon every examination. But, what is rather remarkable this vie w of the subject destroys all ourioBity to see particular objects, venerated by the ignorant multitude. You are here shewn the pillar to which our Saviour was bound to be scourged ; the arch upon which Pilate cried; ' Behold the man 1 ' the very door at which Peter knocked, when the angel led him from tho prison ; and a thonsand other places of great veneration. All 'this 'is folly, and calculated to disgust enlightened, travellers, and give strength to infidelity. But, that this city wos not many ages the capital of the church' of the living God ; j'. beSn honoured by the 'presence-of ,'''.® P''ophets, of' Gabriel, and of i".''J''pi8eli'in human flesh ; that the Gospel '?V|b66n preached here with power and with TT?® supoesB ; and a multitude from ? ® PP'hoted'to'tbe heavenly world,— IS truth, upon _which the mind may rest with out the 'possibility of deception. And this is enough to, satisfy the inost enlarged and benevolent minds. Soon after passing the gate, we arrived at the house ot Procopius, to whom I had letters of introduction. The servant in formed us that' be was in the church for evening prayers. I hastened thither to unite with the professed followers of Christ upon Mount Calvary, and to render thanks to God- for the happy termination of my voyage to the:holyi city. The. ohnroh is but a few steps from the place where, it is supposed, stood the cross. It is called the church of St. Conetan- tine, and is the place to which all the Greek bishopsj five in number, with their numerous attendands, resort for morning and evening service. Everything was conducted with a pleasing stillness and regularity becoming so holy, a place. \- After a service of thirty minutes, I returned, and presented my letters to Prooopius. Oon- Tk directed to the exertions which J- 1 PfdteotantB are making to promote the diffusion of the Holy Scriptures. They re plied, We believe the Protestants to be our friends.' Within 100 feet of my room reside five Bishops, namely, those of Petrea,of Nazareth, Of Gaza, of Lydda, and of Philadelphia. Persons come te ihy ' room to read the'Sorip- ''tiires. The priests encourage' tne in this ' employment. then, a missionary can reside here with no other employment than to read'tbe Soil ptures with pilgrims, not uttering a word respecting Catholics, Greeks, or Turks, a great' work might be accomplished-;— a work which would impart infinite joy to the friends of this mission; and guide many souls to eternal lite. 