Marvels of Electricity. DISPLAY AT THE WORLD'S FAIR. [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] CHICAGO, July 17. ILLUMINATING THE BUILDINGS. The moment one begins to write about modern developments of electricity all the adjectives in the dictionary expressive of astonishment and admiration seem to muster themselves ready for immediate use. After studying the wonders set forth in the Elec trical Building of the World's Columbian Exposition, one finds it a hard task to write calmly and sedately of the marvellous display. To the general observer the infinite variety of the uses to which electricity is put comes as a revelation. To tho specialist, theoretical or practical, there is presented an almost bewil dering aggregation of tho most delicate appa ratus and beautiful maohinery. It has to be remembered that the exhibition as a whole is itself illustrative of the recent advances made by tho youngest and greatest of the practical soiences. When the Paris Exposition hung out 1100 aro lights and arranged 9000 incandescent lamps, the world felt impressed with the marvellous achievement. Chicago puts that effort com pletely in the shade, literally as weH as meta phorically, for hero there are 5000 aro lights and no fewer than 110,000 incandescent lamps. The exquisite loveliness of the night scene when the Court of Honour is lit up with myriads of electric lamps, dotting out every line in the beautiful favades of the Agricul tural, Machinery, Electricity, and Manufac tures BuUdings, tracing with lines of fire the Grecian-like peristyle, with its noble columns and magnificent surmounting statuary, outlin ing iv the heavens the graceful dome of the Administration Building, the architectural gem by universal consent of all the World's Fair Palaces, running around the marble balus trades tbat encircle the gleaming waters of the lagoon, shedding over lake and verdant turf and snow-white oolonnades alike a soft efful gence that pales the moonlight and is more grateful to the eye than the garish glare of the mid-day sun—this is a scene that words cannot paint. It is moreover a scene that electricity alone renders possible. A beautiful accessory is the electric fountains, throwing up columns of rainbow-hued water from which break clouds of spray gleaming now like rubies and a moment hence like emeralds or sapphires. Skimming over the lagoon and dart ing underneath the bridges are silently gliding electric launches, which, side by side with tho picturesque gondolas and gaily clad gondoliers, bring the old and the new so vividly together. Across the field of view, gliding swiftly over the whole range ot the Park like so many ghost lights, sending cones of effulgence across the broad bosom of Lake Michigan, causing the distant domes and minarets of the Midway Plaisance temples and palaces to glisten like carven pillars of snow, penetrating to the silent prairie a score of mUes beyond the roaring city, are the gigantic search lights, which illustrate yet another triumph of electricity. It is a grand and a glorious spec tacle to contemplate with tho eye, but a yet more wonderful picture to impress upon the mind, for so impressed it will afford for long days to come food for meditation on the bound less possibilities of electrical science. Electricity Up to Date. Within the four walls of the building specially devoted to electricity, It is almost needless to say, is the largest and most com plete display of electrical machinery and appliances the world has ever seen. Indeed, no department of the whole exhibition is so thoroughly np to date as the electrical, for the simple reason that the history of the modern appUcations of electricity is pretty well com passed by half-a-century of years. To realise the extreme youth of the science, it is merely necessary to look at the dynamos which were shown at the Philadelphia Exhibition of 1876, and are now at Chicago placed ride by side with the most recent machines as archaeological curiosities. The historical aspects of the display are indeed among its most intensely interesting features. The first telephone, the first phonograph, the first arc lamp, the first electric motor, are all things of yesterday, but one looks upon them and examines their parts with much the same feel ings as one stands within the Pyramids of the Nue and inhales the musty atmosphere impregnated with the dust of mummies 5000 years old. Let me take my readers first of all to Edison's phonograph pavilion, and let them mark the progress of one brief decade. In an honoured place stands the first phonograph of the great inventor, a marvellously delicate applianoe, bnt with its tinfoil barrel a crude tnaehine indeed side by side with tbe delicately fashioned instrument of to-day, whose waxen cylinder preserves for all time with the most minute fidelity the faintest waves of sound. Now, note a few of the recent applications of the phonograph. First, ia its domestio use; a small table with an abundant supply of tubes is the centre from whioh orohestral and vooal musio, recitations, Ac, are supplied to all the household whenever desired. Next is the com mercial application, economising labour and time in the offioes of merchants, bankers, and other business men; one exemplification shows tubes radiating from every room to the type-writer's desk, at whioh) without the medium of shorthand, letters are tran scribed that have been spoken into the machine at any time and without awaiting the attendanoo of the stenographer. Thirdly, the phonograph is applied to educational purposes; you take your French, German, Italian, or Spanish grammar and lesson book, but you not merely master with the eye the vocabulary, deolensions, and rules of Byntax, but your teacher, the phonograph, speaks every sentence into your ear, repeats the words again and again with infinite patience, and so gives you complete facilities for acquiring the most perfeot accent of Paris or Berlin, Rome or Madrid. These are only a few out of scores of applications to whioh the phonograph is to be put in the home, in the office, and in the study. It is within the near future that the disad vantages of deafness will be obviated by the use of the instrument, and it is .not too much to say tbat standing in Edison's pavilion at Chicago we are on the very threshold of numberless wonders from which the curtain will be drawn before the bells ring out the old and nng in the new century. Medical and Surgical Uses op Electricity. Tho therapeutical applications of electricity have come to be so numerous and important that eleotro-therapoutios may be considered to be a speoial department of medical and surgical science. Batteries for the use of physioians, and a vast number of electrical instruments suoh as exploring needles, electrodes, syringes, drc? are displayed. The sub ject is too technioal for a general article, but specialists may havo the assurance that if they come to Chioago they will find provided for them an exhibition of every known application of electricity to medical treatment. In dentistry, also, there are impor tant developments to be noted. Most impor tant of these is the utilisation of the ordinary current from an incandescent or arc light circuit as tbe motive power for the delicate drills, hammers, etc., which form the equip ment of every modern dentist's operating room. Telegraphic Writino. Beyond tbe medical section is exhibited one of the most recent and most marvellous developments of electricity—the telauto graph or long-distance writing machine. This system is destined to revolutionise tele graphy, for the operator at one end of the circuit writes the message, and at the other end an automatic pen working in response to the electrical stimulation traces every letter and curve with microscopic fidelity. The problem of facsimile telegraphy is by no means a new one, but its solution by Professor Elisha Gray, the famous Amerioan inventor in the fields of telegraphy and telephony, is a triumph of the past ten months. By the machine he has designed for the purpose the physioian may write his prescription in the chemist's shop in another part of the city, the broker may make a contract from his office on the Stock Exohange in hisown/ar-simi'Ze writing that stands as a permanent and exaot record of the transaction, the banker can sign his cheque a thousand mUes away, and the newspaper artist oan instantaneously transmit his picture of the scene of an acci dent right from the spot to the engraving-room of his office. This is no mere visionary dream of what may be, for tbe World's Fair visitor has the chance of seeing the marvellous operations actually performed. Ocean Telegraphy. Older, but infinitely interesting, is the system of ocean telegraphy, which the Mackay- Bennett Company fully illustrates. The send ing and receiving of messages are performed by the identical instruments used for the work and under almost precisely similar con ditions, the mere fact of the cable being only a few score of yards instead of a few thousand miles long counting a3 absolutely nothing so far as the electricity that performs the service is concerned. Most people have the idea that cablegrams are received by electric flashes of light. But this is'not so. The recording system is really not unlike the principle of the telautograph, for a glass siphon no thicker than a human hair conducts a stream of ink from a reservoir to a paper ribbon passing forward at a uniform speed, and the inky trail so left, many times increased in size from the electric coil by a simple mechani cal process, is an exact and permanent record of the delicate movements of the coil under the influence of the currents from the cable. The wavy picture made in this way forms an alphabet which the receiver can read at a glance. When fully accoutred a British foot soldier carries in weight C2lb.; a Russian, (JBlb.; French, 621b.; German, 611b.; Swiss, 591b.; Italian, 531b.; and Austrian, 471b. 