NEW HEBRIDES HURRICANE STARVING ISLANDERS. ' INTERESTING LETTER FROM THE MEDICAL MISSIONARY. AN ISLAND DESOLATED. (Sydney Morning Herald, March 30 ). The steamer Croydon has returned direct from the New Hebrides Islands Of the I hurricane, Captain J E Munroe states that the islands of Ambrym, Mallicollo, and Apt have suffered the most Ambrim and Mail collo are two beautiful islands with millions! of cocoanut trees, coffee plantations, and banana and yam plantations All the plan stations have been destroyed There is not a European house nor a native but left on the islands, nor is there a blade of grass to be seen All looks perfectly white on these two islands Fortunately for Captain Munroe, when he saw the barometer falling he ran for Tangee, South Santo, and so escaped the worst of the hurricane, but still, though at anchor and in a comparatively sheltered spot, he had to keep steam up all the time He says he saw the labour recruiting barque Empreza at a safe anchorage in Vita Har hour with her three masts completely gone He also had a conversation with Mr Cecil, Government agent on the Empreza, who in formed him that two masts had gone by the board, and the third had to be cut away during the hurricane There were 70 returned labourers and 50 recruits on board the Empreza, and these will be transhipped to another vessel For two days the Croydon cruised between Ambrym and Mallicollo trying to make the Presbyterian mission at Ambrym Dr Lamb, whose letter is appended, final!) set off to the steamer at great neck, in a boat and succeeded in communicating with the vessel His account will be found in the letter referred to There are 17 Presbyterian missionaries in the group, and Captain Munroe speaks in glowing terms of the good s o k they are doing, excepting on Tunis and Malliuolo, while they complain that they make little progress in converting the natives to Christianity The Rev Mr Watt, who has laboured for 22 years among st them, says that they come to church for a time and then revert to their old ways On longs the Rev Mr MeikolBOn presides over a population of 3,000 all pro fearing ( Christianity On Sandwich there are 4,000 natives and of these about 1,000 are Christians On the subject of the labour traffic, Captain Munroe experience of the New Hebrides nature is that they prefer to go to Queensland, v. Inch has a good name among them for fair treatment He also speaks warmly upon the inequality which exists between British and trench privileges as to trading and procuring labour to M otk the plantations Several planters find it impossible to carry on, not being able to procure natives to work for them under the existing British arbitrary laws A Mr Roche, who has a very extensive plantation at Sandwich, finds the greatest difficulty in this respect Of the damage done at Port Sandwich, to the French company s places, Captain Munroe mentions that they estimate their loss at £15,000 of the wreck of that Vuka in the hurricane particulars have appeared , but with regard to the Circe, of Ambrim, Captain Munroe states that she capsized, and all hands but one were drowned A cutter, also belonging to the French company, capsized, with loss of all on board. The direction of the worst of the storm was from S L to S W The following letter containing a description of the recent disastrous cyclone which visited the New Hebrides has been received by the Rev Dr Steel from Dr Lamb, medical missionary of the New Zealand Presbyterian Church - "Dip Point, Ambrim, March 7,1893 " This is a letter of distress A hum cane has passed right over our heads a cyclone, I think-and has ruined us and our people, if not the whole of Ambrim I do not ask anything for ourselves, but food for the people-rice, hard biscuit, flour beans peas, meat anything you can find friends willing to send us Some of it we shall certainly need for ourselves and our 1 boys ' unless help comes soon "The storm began on Saturday morning last and steadily increased all day We made everything secure and retired about 9 p in At 10 p.m. we were roused by the alarming violence of the wind and rain The glass was falling rapidly At 11 20 p m the roof of the assistant house began to yield and be torn away At considerable danger from falling branches they made their way to us Then our native staff by twos and threes came crowding into our little dining room It was a terrible time the trees began to fall the doors to burst in, and the lights to Move out We were water ing the aneroid rising and falling with every gust It fell to 28 2 on our high set gUBS, which would be much below 28dcg,orevcn 27 deg in an ordinary one To make matters worse, the store behind the house, which was protecting us, began to yield Piece by piece it flew away, and the heavy timbers laid on its roof to keep the iron down were hurled upon our roof A section of a building awaiting re erection was picked up and hurled against the end of our house shattering the picture inside Then our own walls began to bend It was an awful experience The boys ' Blood with their backs to the wall trying to support it, but in vain Then we had to fly. whither we knew not The lightning was intense and constant I We seemed to be walking or stumbling along man electric flame Mr Mansfield went first, with one of our baby boy under his cape I followed, supporting Mrs Lambeth with the other child As we passed the native house, the last lection of the roof blew off We hide behind the bole of a tree, and then the end of the assistant s house fell, and scattered as if a bomb had fallen beside us One sheet of iron strm k ma but did no harm 1 brough a misunder standing, Vlr Mansfield led us to the chief . hut, a little low roof set on the ground, and occupied by the chief, his favourite wife, and his best lurked pig He welcomed us, and we were glad to sit down in dust or mud beside the greater " A low rude circle of coral stone surrounded the hut, protected it somewhat from the violence of the storm The little thatch covering worsted with the weight of the wind, and the chief was holding on to it, crying out 'limar 1 -t e , calling on the ghost of his father to save him "The rest of our company, which now numbers some 20 souls seven being Ambrim young men in training, made their way to the large native house which we built here at our first arrival, seven months ago There they sat in fear and trembling praying for salvation They did not reach it without great peril. Mia Vlacdowall lost her husband, and did not know whither to turn, and sat down beneath the great banyan tree on a doorstep of the concrete native cottages, whose wells were cooking and falling. Trees she fled to the native house. " I knew not what had come of them all, and could not go to see. A tree had fallen across the entrance of the hut, crushing the stone wall. The hours seemed endless. At last there came a lull. We rushed out to find our lost party. The mission station was gone. The very path was lost under fallen trees and ruined huts. The whole party were found safe. More than that it was impossible to loam, for the storm burst upon us again with a roar that is impossible to describe, and from the opposite quarter. In the blinding rain and sand Mr. Mansfield and myself lost our way. Then I lost him. I clung to a shattered tree stump, and tried to dodge the falling palms. It was then I thought our end had come, for the roar of the sea, only a few yards distant, filled one's soul with horror. It seemed as though the waves were upon us, and about to sweep all away. At length, through the vivid lightning, I saw the outline of the chiefs hut again, and made for it, creeping along the ground. I ran against my friend sheltering behind the wall, and ignorant of his whereabouts. We got into the hut at last, the water pouring out of my dressing-gown in rivers. Mrs. Lamb and the children were still safe. There was nothing else for us to do but sit down flat In the dirt, and, with sore eyes, stiff limbs, and growing child, wait for (the morning, the babes sleeping and crying on our knees. Poor little mites ! They got a shock they have not yet recovered from. "Ab we crawled out of the hut in the | grey dawn the scene around us was both awesome and pitiful ; only some four huts I comparatively whole, and the people's staff of life-a splendid crop of bread-fruit-lying on the ground, every tree prostrate or broken off short. " The desolation, like the storm, Is beyond the power of pen or tongue to describe. This house, or hut, in which I write is all that is left to us. into it some 21 of us are crowded-babe and filthy savage. All that is left of our worldly goods lies yonder in the mud and rain ; we have nowhere to bestow ' them. The whole land is smitten and blasted from the seashore to the hilltops. In a few days the people will have nought to eat but dry cocoanuts, most of which have already been exported as copra, Some 4,000 to 8,000 people still on crying to us for sustenance. Une trader here has escaped with his life, but the other one perished, also losing ship and crew, in the terrible blast that followed the Full. Two or three other boats have been lost with their crews. We saw the poor creatures fly past before the wind, their sails blowing away, as they rushed along in the pitiless sea "The people are on the best possible terms of friendship. We can trust them utterly now-though hunger may make a difference. Only some 10 days ago all disputes were settled, and everything that stood in the way of mutual understanding was removed. We are safer here than in a civilised state, and have not lost a pin since our arrival by theft. "Part of the station building material is probably blown away to sea. Each day brings back letters, papers, photos, etc, from the sand or scrub. The forests are stripped- bare, and the trees that remain standing are merely bare poles. The birds are homeless wanderers, and add to the sorrow of desolation." I 