QUEEN VICTORIA. AND THE GHOST. The old family of the Beggs, the originafcora of the famous whiskey known to the taade aa 'John Begg'o,' can boaBt of many traditions of their house, in whioh Queen Victoria has posed as & central figure. The distilltsy and private residence of the Besres adioln tbe grounds of the royal residence at Balmorril, and 26 tised to bj custom&ry;, prio? to the decease of Mr. JaStR Begs1, for the Queen to periodically visit the famoQs distillery. To add to tho comfort of his royal viator on these flying visits', Mr. Begg hnci aa apartment specially pre prepared in hio piiwiuo residence £cs the use o2 her Majesty, which^ in coarse of time, came to be knowa as the Queea'a Boom, Some ten $?ara ego, when the writer of this article happened to he up nortbs he had occasion to call upon Mr. Beg-g clKwiog fine time fchat her Majesty, accompanied by She three young daughtoro of the Prince of Wales, wna taking tea in the apartment reserved for lies we. He found the hostess very busy in the kitchen making ' girdle cake?/' which ohe informed him the young princesses were very fond of. No stronger would have imagined the three plainly-dressed, homely girls busily engaged in devouring quantities of ' girdlo cake,' like ordi nary boarding school misses, to bo euch impor tant and august young posnonages ; it web right down pleasing fco cee the hecirty v?ay in wbioh they were enjoying themselves. Many a visit baa her M&josfcy; paid to the resi dence of tha Beg(;n in past years, in com« piny with the Prince Coaoort, and it is, no doubt,, due to the reminiaceassQ connected with that period that the opofc is o hallowed one mhei? memory. An incident which occurred at oae of the Queen's visits about tea years ago, is destined, through ite Bnperuataral character, to remain . : ever green in the Hiemorj1 of our gracious Sove= ? reign, although oho has always been noted as a most practical lady, and quite free from the charge of superetition. ^coording to report it is the first and only time that the Queen ever qbw e. ghost, or whatever the optical illunion may have been that gave the augunt lady such o Bcare at; the time; It ccine about thia way. One evening, on her return to the castle from a dinner party, her Majesty was overtaken by such a heavy snow storm as to compel tbe royal party at tbe last; moment to take refuge et the' Beggn'. The Qaeea had been left ia the royal room aioae for a few moments., sad had no doubt dozed off in front of the cheerful blaze on the hearth. This feeling o£ drowsiness was probably caused by the reaction from the bitter cold out of doors. All at once a series of shrill sorecmo in a female voice were heard. The voice was at oace reoog* nized by the faithful John Brown dg that of his Royal mistress's.- Needless to say, he at once rushed into the apartment- Hera ho found heff Majesty in a state o£ great perturbation, and oven terror for such a practical woman. In reply to the ausious inquiries o£ all, the Queen related that oho waa half asleep when she saw the figure of a man approach from the window opposite her chair* At first she imagined she muGt be dreaming, but on rubbing her eyes for the second time the ghostly figure otill re» maiaed— in fact, even advanced a few steps. It was dressed entirely in white, and held in its hand x?hat seemed to be a poigaard, covered with blood. The figure spoke nob a word, biafc still advanced in a threatening manner, &Bd; wao almost ia the act of touching the Qtseen^o gar ments, when her Majesty could stand the tensios on her nerveG no longer, but gave fcha succession of cries that immodiatelv brought hava atten dants to her side, oad at the same time dissipated the gbost, which seemed to the mind o2 the tho« eoughly frightened lady to disappear through the 3aine window by whi'.-h it had entered. The Queen was bow wide avyake, and withal ia a terribly nervous state, end trembling in every Limb of her body- Of course, instant search wao made everywhere, but without auy result, until at length her Majesty dissipated with her own merry laugh the ansious fear of her fiiendp, and =aid, ' Sfce supposed she must have been dream ing.' Anyhow the vision, or whatever it was, made a lasting impression on the Queen's mind, and ifc was a long time before she could visit her favour ite spirit again. In connectioa with this subject, ifc should be mentioned that the original Beggp, in conjunc tion with many more old families, had their ghosfc legend connected with the past. Tha legend waa that on tbe twelfth day o£ every November, tho ghost of the founder of fche family (tvibo had been cruelly murdered bp* an unknown hand), appeared in one or other oi the apartments of the family residence, pre sumably stiJl searching for tbe murd* rar of nis body, and &rmed; with the poignard of his at'sossin ; and it is maintained ^0 this day that the ghostly visitor to Qu-aa Victoria in the Queen's room on this eventful evening, which strangely happened to be a twelfth of November, was none other than he. Whatever explanation can be given, it ia a well-known fact union g her intimate Menda that the Queen always strongly objects to have the incident mentioned in her bearing, and it is need lesQ to say her wish is always inspected. 