TI-IKOWN AWAY; OR, BASIL RAY'S MISTAKE. BT 'VERAX,' ?' (Author or ' Tho Double Evout,' ' Itumiliij? It Off,' ' Jockey Jack,' ' Baukor and Brokor,' « Wild Hose,' &o.;) ? (iXL mairrs besebved.) CHAPTER Vin. SUC GEOKGE'S ADVICE. SIR GEOltGEGOSPBEwa'a oxcoodingly . fond of linsil Kay, aud be also doted ou liin duuu;utor Ada. ? Ho novor liiul much lovo for Lilian. Sho whs too liko hor mother for Sir Goorgo to put much' faith in her. '\Vhon ho hoard of Lilian's oii(ragemonfc to Hasil ho , wns imgry, and whon ho saw tho offoct tho nnnouncomoiit had on Ada ho was moro than angry. ITo wn.3 ouragod against Lilian, who, ho vowod, had ontrappod linsil into u declaration. Sir Goorjjo (lotcrinincd to lmvo it out with Uttsil, as ho termed it, and for that purpoBo wont to Mylston tho weok aftor tho ongagomouti hud tnkon place. Basil wns hoartjly glnd to boo him, for ho likod Sir Georgo hotter tlmn noy man ho know.' JIo did not know Lilian had lnudo their ongngutnont public, and was, therefore,, unawaro Sir Goorgo -know all nbout it. lie was not, however, left loug in tho dark upon that point. Sir George was not in tho habit of mincing matters, so nftor a .brief con vorsatiou ou stable topics ho' plunged at onco into the business ho had in hand. ' So you aro' engagod, I hear, Basil,' he said., Basil startod, and lookod surprised. ' You thought I did not know it, I Bee,' said Sir Goorgo/ 'but it you know Lilian as I know hor you would not be at all Bur prised. Sho ia not tho woman to keep such an important piece of intolligonce as that to herself.'. . . . ' ? ... ' Wo have only been on gaged a weok,' said Basil, 'and I hardly oxpocted it would havo been ? public property by this timo, although, of course, you had li right to know. I supposo Lilian told you being hor father. She no doubt thought you ought to be the first to hear the news.' ' Lilian did not tell mo,' said Sir Georgo. 'I hoard it second-hand— vory second-hand indood. My butler informed me of tho fact.' Basil bit his lip with voxalion. So his marriage had nlroady boon made a subjoct of common gossip in the servants' hall. Lilian must hr.vo imparted the uewa to her maid for it to hnvo reached tho lower regions of Heron Hall. 'Basil, have you considered this etop you are about to take Well ?' said Sir Qeorgo. . , ' .. ? Basil knew ho had not dono so. Ho half regrettod already that ho had bocome en gaged, to Lilian. But ho had no thought of withdrawing now ho had asked hor to be his wife. 'I have considered the question for months. Sir Georgo. Lilian and I are, I believe, suited for ooch other,' said Basil. ' And I sn-y that you are not suited for each othor,' thundered Sir Georgo, and he brought down his fist with such force upon tho table that ovorything upon it quivered as though thore had beon an earthquake shock. 'I am tho best judge of that,' said Basil. 'No you are not,' said Sir George. ' Surely I knoir zny otto daughter better than you do.' Basil was more amused than angry at Sir George's warmth. He know tho worthy man was doing what ho thought was for the best. But Basil was obstinate by nature-, nnd tho moro Sir Georgo Btormod. at 'him tho inoro determined he became to abide by the decision he hud arrived at. - 'Basil, I hopoyou believe. I am acting aB I think best in your interests.' ' I am sure you are, Sir Georgo,' paid Basil, ' but I cannot honorably go back on my plighted word to Lilian.' ' This marriage will bo amistake, Basil. I am Biire it will,' eaid Sir Goorge, earnestly. 'Listen and I will toll you somothing I think you ought to hear. Lilian's mother you did not know, Basil. Sho caused mo n, groat deal of pain. Hor ways woro flighty, and sho was not as true to mo as a wifo ought to bo; Sho gambled heavily, and I had to pay her debts. Sho got in with a fust sot, and it ruined her health, nnd . damaged my fortuno con siderably. She's dead, and I will not speak ill of tho dead, or I could tell you moro, much more, Basil. Lilian lms inherited hor mother's disposition. Hor naturo is tho Bume, aud nhu will uover mako you a good wifo. Why Bhe* married Hector 1're.ston I do not know. Sho novor loved him, of that I am certain, and ho nover loved her. I did not opposo that match because I felt Proston know what boiI of a woman Lilian was. You do not know her, Basil. Sho fascinates you, and casts a spell over you, but it is not lovo. Basil, boforo itistoolato think well over tho Btop you nro about to tnke. Perhaps whon it is too Into you may moot a woman you cun lovo, and who would bu worthy of that lovo, and thon what will your position be ? Lilian fancies sho is in love with you, but boliovo mo sho is too unBtablo to love anyone but herself in reality.' ' You aro vory hard upon yourdaughter, Sir Goorge/'said Basil. ' Perhaps I am,' ho replied; 'but I havo good reason j better than you know of, Basil, for being so.' Sir Georgo had to leave Eylston in an unsatisfied framo of mind. Basil had pro mised to consider tho question thoroughly, but Sir Goorgo felt thut it was morely ouf; of courtesy to himsolf ho had dono bo. Ho know in his own mind thnt Basil Hay would marry Lilian ProBton. ' Throw him solf away upon her,' Sir Goorgo called it. Sir -Georgo. waa right. Boforo thrao raontliB had passed Lilian Preston -had onco more changod her name, and bo como Mrs. Basil Kay. Tho wedding had boon quiot, and aftor a short honeymoon thoy liad returnod to Rylston, and occupied the Manor Houso, tho Lodge being kopt up as a bachelor quarter for Basil whon he choso to transact business thoro. Basil found the first month of his married lifo a continuous round of pleasure, and ho folt he could laugh at Sir Goorge'a misgivings. Ho hardly understood Lilian, however, and occasionally hor moods wero BOmowliat trying. It was a wook or two aftor thoir coming to Kylston whon an incidontoecurred whioh mado Basil think a. good deal ever what Sir Georgo had said. Lilian had, since her marriage, taken more intorost in the horses, and in Noptuno in particular. 'Bnsil, do you think that trial of Noptuno'a was good onough to win a big rftco ? ' sho said. ' Yos, Lil. It was tho host gallop wo have ever had hore. You aeo, ho beat King of tho Night and Qunen Bo« badly, and at n lot thu worst of tho weights. I have ontiirod him for tho Cup, nnd if he guts a fair weight h» should havo a biy ahanco.' ' I'm going to have a plungo on him, Basil,' aha said, quiotly. ' What t ' exolaimod Basil, ' you dcn.'fc tuuao to (ft* ?«u bf t, Xilinn. ' ' Not yot, hut I mean to,' sho said. ' X liavo ploiity of monoy, nnd I want to try what sort of a sensation gambling is.' ' I can do all tho gambling wo roquiro, Lilian,' laughed Basil, who fanciod sho was not in earnest. 'That would not suit mo,' she said. ' You can gnmblo ns much as you pleaso, Basil, but that is no reason why I Bhould not havu tho satisfaction of putting my own money on.' ' As you plouse,' said Basil. ' You can do what you liko with your own, of course.' 'Do not bo nnsty, Basil,' bIio said. ' What an old hoar you aro. What harm can thoro bo in my having a hundred or two on Noptuue, if you think ho is good enough?' Sho camo ovor to him, and, loaning over tlio buck of his clinir, put hor arms round his nock and kissed him. Basil could not resist this, and looking up into her eyes, ho siiid : 'Havo a hundred on Noptuno 'by all means if you liko, Lilian, butwaitunt.il tho propor timo comos. I hopo you will not turn a gamblor in earnest. I cannot say I havo much rospoot for woraon who mako the turf and tho gaining table tho main object of their lives.' 'You ought to havo married a saint, Basil,' sho said, laughing ; and thon hor ovil gonius prompted her to add : ' What a pity you did not fall in love with Ada, instead of mo.' Bnsil was annoyed. Ho know Ada Gospor.wns a far bettor woman thauLilian, and ho fancied she had bean partial to himself. ' Lilian, you aro absurd,' ho said. 'I wish you would talk rationally.' 'So lam,' sho said, with a tosB of hor pretty head. ' Dear little Ada- was head over oars in lovo with you, but I know I could soon cut hor out with you, Basil. Onco I fancied you woro half in lovo with Ada, Basil, but you wero not. Basil, you novor loved anyone but myself, did you ?' She knelt at his feet, put hor hands on his knees, and looked lovingly into his face. Basil was fascinated with her, and for getting his momentary annoyance, said : ' I novor lovod anyono but you, Lilian.' As ho stood looking at Neptune in his box that night, ho thought : ' So you 'aro to bo mado the medium of Lilian's first plunge, aro you, Neptune? I'd sooner shoot you than she should take to gambling .over you. You aro a fiuo fellow, Noptuno, there's no mistake about that, but I don't like tho idea of my wifo gambling over you. Sir Goorgo said her mothor gambled aud half ruined him. Thoy do sny gambling propensities, like gout and sundry' other ailments, aro hereditary. What tho devil did sho want to bring up Ada Gospor's namo for ? Poor littlo Ada. I wonder if she did really lovo mo ? If I had been cortain of that I might havo ? . What am I talking about. I shall bogin to think that, after all. Sir Georgo wa3 right, and that I ought not to havo married Lilian, if I go on like this. Well, it is her own fault. 'Why Bhould sho put Ada Gospor into my head ? I must bo master here, or thoro will he no peace, I can see that, aud gambling I shall forbid, oven over you, Noptune.' Ho patted tho horse's neck, and folt his logs to boo that all was right. Basil l?uy had grent hopes of lauding a Cup and a coup with Noptuno. Ho locked tho box, and put tho key in 3ii3 pocket, the head man having a duplicate. Basil had a rest less night. He looked quite haggard and palo in tho morniiig.so much so that Lilian noticed it, nnd ut breakfast said : ' You look quite ill, Basil. What's tho matter ?' . ' I had a resfcloss night, and such a horrid dream, Lilian.' ; ?' Suroly you take no notice of dreams, Ensil.' 'Not ns a rulo, but this. was snoh a strange ono.' ' What was it ?' sho askod, carelessly. ' Oh, it is not worth relating,' said Basil. ' But do toll me,' sho porsistod. Lilian bud just raisod hor^upto hor lips, when Basil said carelessly : ' I dreamt about that night nt Heron Hall. Only faucy, Lilian, 1 imagined iu my dream I bw a woman shoot Hector Pro ? . What's tho matter, Lilian t' Sho had dropped hor cup, and looked at Basil with wild oyos. ' 'Oh, it's nothing,' sho stammered. ' How could you recall that awful scene, Basil ? It always makes mo nervous whou I think of it.' ' , ' I was a- bruto to mention it,' said Bnsil, as ho rose from tho tablu, nnd went to hor side. ' Forgivo mo, Lilian.' 'It was my own fault,' bIio said. 'I asked you what you wore dreaming about. I never expected it was anything about thai,' sho said, with a shuddur. 'Wo will novor montion it again,' said Basil j ' but it was un awful dream. Lot us think no moro about it.' Lilian, howovor, must hnvo thought a good deal about it for some throo or four hours nftorwurds. Sho said t« Basil : ' Who was tlio woman you saw in your dream last night ?' 'I thought we had agreed to drop the Bubject,' said Bnsil. ' Yob. Yos. But who was it ? Tell mo, Basil. I want to know.' 'I fanciod it was tho ghost of Lady Gospor,' ho said. 'I saw it all quito plainly. Sho had a piatol in hor hand, and shot him on the stairs, as ho leaned over the bannister.' Lilian shuddered again, as she had done boforo, and said : ' What nn awful dream, Basil. Do you recollect that night we saw u light in her room ?' 'Yos,' said Basil; 'but tho Bubjocfc is unpleasant. Lot us drop it.' It was somo daya boforo Lilian could forgot Basil's dream. It suomod to trouble hor moro than it did him. She was ovi dontly doeply impressed by it. (To be Continued.) Tom Luckoy was in groat form at Pcnrith Show, where ho accomplished some great riding feats. ? ' Tho MaRio Opal ' at tho Lyrio is distinctly one of tho beat productions that has seen tho light nt this theatre (-ays tho London SroitT imo Times critio). Tho book is ono of tho slightest in toxturo, but is very clevorly and doftly spun out of cobwobby matorial, in whioh procoss tho thread has never ' boon brokon. Tho lyrics are bright, light, intolli giblo, singable, aud sensible. They aro not poetry, but are not intended for it. Mr. Law Las doco bin portion of tho work vory woll. Mr. Albouiez ban dono oven better, for ho supplied the book with a continuous succession of most inolodious aim, well balanced, and admirably orohtmtrutod (moaaicully, or other wibo the result ia the name, vi»., eminently KticfMtor/). 