THE BURGLAR BOOM. Tlio last Mysterious Kobbery. The Bird bard is ono of strong tompora- mont, large soul, and short logs. Valorous in the extreme, his feather-weightphysiquo handicaps him in tho oxecution of ideas that aro often lofty and bravo. Brought faco to faco with porsonal danger, his spirit does not quail, his knees trot out of joint. Ho lias never yet been known to lose his presence of mind in an emergency. An earthquako would find him holding on to something with an almighty grip. In enso of firo he would bo first out. His ser vices would be invaluablo to a military goneral iu hoading hasty retreats, and as a sailor ho would come in handy for throw ing overboard in a storm. It will bo seen by this that our poet is no common man. On tho contrary, ho has most, if not all, of tho characteristics of genius. Ho re sembles Burns, inasmuch as that ho takes kindly to liquor — in quantities — and some of his friends liavo likened him to Oliver Goldsmith because ho would borrow tho tune out of a tin whistlo if nothing better or moro tangible offored at tho time. Our bard is a married man. This is not his wifo'H fault, bub her misfortune. It is not always pleasant to bo too closely associated with gotiius ! Carlylo's wifo used to remark that slio felt liko a keopor in a madhouse. Tlio Bibd poet's eye, with a fierce frenzy rolling, is sometimes tho cause of a little unfixednoss in tho family circlo. Ho 1ms a glass eye. Thero is no leyebol in this. It is solid truth. Tho bard being of a classic turn of mind plays tho flute. Ho usually leaves tho instrument on a chair by tho bedsido, and sometimes gets up in tlio niglit to mako Bwoet melody in tho moonlight air. Wo personally aro not tho poet, but tho fore- goiug ought to pass. One midnight this week the bard's bettor half awoke and most distinctly heard a noise downstairs. Trust a woman for hoariug a noiso down stairs in uugodly hours, at any tiino, but more especially on a cold night. Komorn- horing that tho burglar boom was on again, and that Mrs. Lysander Jones over the way had been robbed only the week before, the trembling lady (who is of largo and lengthy proportions) jabbed her sleep ing husband in the stomach with lier groat toe to wake him, at the same timo putting hor hand over his mouth to pre vent him making a row when ho did wake. Tho poet being by this courso of action dragged suddenly out of tho region of Elysian dream, became seized with tho idea that he was in the grasp of a midnight robbor, and making a frantic effort to scream for help, omitted somo of the most unearthly souuds conceivable. The moro ho struggled tho more his frightened partner for life endeavored to hoid him, and a pretty rough and tumble ensued in consequence. Finally tlio lady got tho upper liaud, and licr husband fooling suro that all wa3 over with him, prepared to givo up tlio ghost in despair. What was his surprise to hear a familiar voice whisper : " Augustus, they're in tho house." " What, who, where, when, why," began the "son of song," in a loud and amazed whisper. " S-sh — burglaro." "Nonsense, Colestino Isabel Christina; go to sleep, you've nearly suffocated mo. Harlr, don't you hear thein," said his wifo again, seizing him frantically by tho arm, as the noise of somebody moving about downstairs distinctly broko upon tho stilly night. " S-s-sh," answered tho bard, in turn: The noise continued. The robbers were evidontly fossicking about among tho kitcheu utensils. Presently a tin dish rolled on tho floor with a loud bang. Thou all was still. " Oh ! " murmured tho terrified foinalo, with a suppressed groan, " they're robbing us of all wo possess. Can't you do any thing to prevent them P " " Colestino Isabel, you know very well that I am unarmed. Had I a weapon " A pretty man," moanod his bed part ner. " Strike a match and frighten thom." " Celestino, I " " Coward I " His courage thus impugned, tho bard arose fenrlesRly and in a cold swoat and felt for tho matchos. A muffled noise onco more betokonod tho operations of tho tluevc3. At longth tho valorous rhymer threw a light other than that of his I genius on tlio scene, and arming himself, at tho whispered suggestion of his wifo, with tho flute, procoedod cautiously down stairs. What followed is somewhat of a blank. Tho lady declares that sho hoard Augustus yell. Tho yoll was followed by a loud crash, tho crash by a scurrying cf foot, and thon she knows no moro, for sho fainted dead away. On coming to sho saw her husband reproach fully putting sticking- plaster to various parts of his body, and on enquiring if ho was badly injured P if tho thiovos had stolen anything ? how did it happen P whore wero tho police ? how many of thom were thoro ? whore was sho P did thoy let tho cat in? &o.;, &o;,, sho recoivod tho account — in tlio rough — which has already boon given to, and has appeared in all . oho dailies, particularly iu tho evening dailies. It scorns, tolling tho talo briefly, that thero wore no less than four burly ruffians in tho houso, all armed and masked, that thoy had eacli secured a quantity of booty, that the Bard, nothing daunted, attacked thom bravely, that aftor a terrific struggle, in whiofii ho waq much bruisod, lio put tlireo of thom hors do combat, while tho third, aftor picking him- solf up from a kuock- down blow, juinpod over tho back yard fence and escaped j that whilo rushing to tho front door for a police man tho throe robbers who had boon left on.tho gory battlo ground for dead got up, and, rushing tho bard from behind, knockod him down and walked on him, and mado off through tlio oponod door into tho streot. Ho hail received such a sovero shock that ho was unable to follow thom, and thoy also mado good thoir escape. In proof of this tho carpet on tho bottom stop of tho stairs wa3 found to bo turned over and torn, somo of tho crockory in tho kitchon was knocked down by tho poot's fluto aud was smashed, and tho houso cat lias borno a frightened look over since. Tho poot's valor is now an established fact. Tho police are in possession of n ciuo to tho thieves; nnd tho latest hero of tho burglar booui goo3 about with sticking plaster on his brow, and tolls tho foregoing narrative to all his friends. All other household heroo3 of the burglar boom who have oncountoreil midnight robbers — and thoro are loads and lashings of . tlieso lioroes — aro biting their thumbs with envy of the Bum's bard. Thoy liavo reason to. 