The Sydney Morning Herald FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1893. ls his financial statement, delivered in tho Legislativo Assembly Inst night, Sir George Dibbs gave tho actual and estimated revonuo and oxpen» diture for tho ourrout yoar, and the estimates for 1894. HB announoed that the rovenne during 1893 showed o decrease of £086,000 upon that of tho previous year. The oxpoudituro had boon reduced by £1,303,000, tho result be'ng that tho year is expected to oloso with a dofioit of £201,000. THE offeot of tho dofluit upon 1803 will bo to in- crease the floating deficit at tho beginning of the year to £1,500,000, willoh, the Premier proposes to liquidate br moans of a sinking fund similar to that established by Mr. M'Millan to deal with a former deficit. For 1894 the revenue is estimated at £9,851,881, which, by tho imposition of river tolls on tho Dar- ling and tho incrcaso of railway rooeipts antici- pated as a result, nnd also by tho amendment ot tho Stamp Act to give better effect to tho probate duties, will bo iucroasod to the gross total oi £9.971,881. THE ordinary oxponditura for 1894 is estimated at £9,029,492. By tho establishment of the sink- ing fund for the reduction of tho publie debt, and tho sinking fund for paying off tho floating deficit, th¡B will bo iucroasod to tho total of £9,854,492, leaving an estimated surplus of £117,389. Sin GEORGE DIBBS announced that thoro would bo no new taxation. Ho also stated that there would bo no extension of tho proclamation uudor tho Bank Issue Act, and that no extension had been asked for by tho banks. THE trial of Edwin Herbert Glasson on a charge of having murdered John William Phillips and Frances Letitia Cavanagh was began at Bathurst yesterday. Glasson was calm and composed, and in a firm voice pleaded not guilty. Mr. WADE prosecuted on behalf of the Crown, and Messrs. Want and Butterworth appeared for the accused. GLASSON preserved his coolness throughout the day, but he flinched when Miss Stoddart pointed him out as the man she saw in Mrs. Phillips's bedroom on the morning of the murder. IT is understood that the defence will be a plea of insanity. The examination of witnesses had not concluded when the Court rose. The text of a statement made to a constable by Glasson during his incarceration appears else where. To meet tho expenses of tho war between tho Afghans and the Huzara tribes in 1892, the Ameer of Afghanistan has sold 10,000 Hazurw captives. IN connection with tho visit of tho Russian fleet to Franco tho Ciar of Russia and President Carnot have oxehauged cordial telegrams. RIOTTNO has been renewed by the strikers at tho colliery nenr St. Helens, in Lanoashire. Tho polios used their batons freely, and many of tho rioters were injured. THE sixteenth and final game of tho oontest betwoen Mr. Wallace and Mr. Crane for tho chess championship of Australia was conoluded last night, Mr. Wallace being victorious. Mr. Wallace scored 7¿ games and Mr. Crane 3 J. THE sitting of the Legislative Assombly which began on Wednesday afternoon lusted till hnlf pant 3 o'clock yesterday morning. Tho motion carried on the 3rd instant in relation to the em- ployment of tho Katoomba ut Samoa was rosoindod by 45 votes to ld. BEFOUE the House adjourned yesterday morn- ing tho new Mining on Privato Property Bill was introduced aud read thc fust time. COLONEL GORDON, Commandant of tho South Australian military forces, has forwarded to the Comtnuudnuts of tho other colonies copies of tho proposal sketched out by him for holding a federal camp. Ho usks them to give it careful considera- tion. RKi'iiESEJrTATioss aro being made to tho Vic- torian Government with the object of having Vic- toria represented at tho Antwerp Exhibition with- out thu heavy expenditure which usually accom- panies official revjresentations at exhibitions. YESTEMJAY tho Now Caledonia cable was opcucd for tho transmission of messages. Miss WiuaiiTSON, who was shot by her brother in-law, Mr. Karlo, tho manager of tho Guyra branch af tho A.J.S. Bank, in inistako for. a burglar, has succumbed to her injuries. YESTEHDAY Mr. Thomas Jcsxep was elected to fill tho vucuuoy in tho City Council caused by tho death of Alderman Palmer, who represented Bris- bane Ward. THE Gruziors* Butchering Company of Brisbane has secured thc contract for tho entiro supply to tho Netherlands-India Government for navy re- quirements for the years 1894 aud 1895. THE prize meeting of tho New South Wales Rifle Association was continued at Randwick yestorday. Lieutenant H. H. Honey won the Members' Match, B company of the Naval Brigado won the Company Challenge Buglo, and Mr. Dale, M.L.A., won tho Parliamentary Match. BAB silver is quotod at 2s 9Jd per ounce. THE Caniidian-Australiau liner Miowera, whioh went aground at tho entrunoe to tho harbour of Honolulu, lies in lift, of water. An American man-of-war mado un attempt to tow her off, but failed to move her. Mn. JAMES HUDDAUT, tho managing owner of tho Canadian-Australian line, expects to be able to maintain tho time-table unbroken from Australia. AT tho Grafton Circuit Court yestorday, W. F. Toole was fouud guilty of perjury, and was scntencod to three years' penal servitude. A DIVIDEND of 7 per cent, has boen deolarod by tho Scottish-Australian Mining Company. It is proposed to call up 7s Cd on 50,000 new shares to provide capital for tho construction of a railway liuo to the Durham Colliery, near Newcastle TUB 4.} per cont, debentures of Dalgety and Co., Limited, havo risen £4 on the strength of tho chairman's statement at tho annual meeting. AT Newcastle yesterday thr '.vmual Eight-Hour Festival was held. .' THE Hon. Mackenzie' j Jowell has forwarded to tho Premiers of fit Colonies a letter, enclosing a copy of a .communication from Mr. Sundford Fleining./fn tho subject of the Paoifto oablo, and asking if tho Governments of the various colonies woiilof bo disposed to send representatives to some cciitral point to discuss tho subject before Mr. Bowell's departure. IK tho Stock and Share markot yesterday the demand for bunk deposits continued, prices being generally maintained. No movement of im- portance transpired in tho Import market, and the oiily/business dono in tho Mininir markot was tho salo of B. H. Proprietary shares at 48s Od and 48s Od. THE -wool-soiling brokers who are not members of the association held thoir sales yesterday. Within certain limits competition was keen, but pieces and bellies brought relatively botter prices than floeco wool. YESTEHDAY the Customs receipts amounted to £6332. Towards this tho 10 per cent, ad valorem duty contributed £708 and the 15 per oent. £59. The portion of tho Promior's^nancial j statornont -which, dealt -with tho actual position of the finances of the country will whon all circumstances are allowed, for be received as highly satisfactory. If matters are not all as we would have them, still, whon we consider that our revenue has during the current year fallen off to tho amount of nearly a million, and that wo aro expected to end the yoar with a deficit of only £¡200,000 upon tho year's transactions, it is apparent that matters might easily be worse. That they are not worso is duo to the circumstance that as a result of tho peremptory prossuro brought to boar upon the Govern- ment by Parliament, and as an effect of difficult and painful labours, in which Retrenchment party, Opposition, and Ministerial party all loyally took their share, the enormous expenditure of 1892 was reduced this year by no loss than £1,300,000. This great work of retrench- ment proved our salvation. As a result of it wo do not swell the floating deficit of a million and a quarter at the beginning of the year to two or two and a half millions at it'd close, as was j anticipated, but only to a million and a half. As a further consequence, we have not only checked our wasteful normal ex- penditure, and arrested, wo trust, tho increase of irregular unfunded debt, but have established a basis for sounder, bettor- balanced, more economical, finances in the future. Treasurers and Acting Treasurers might, in the delivery of thoir financial state- ments, save themselves much trouble and their hearers much bewilderment wore they to remember what are the questions in the mind of Parliament and of the country to which they are undertaking to supply the answer. These questions are very simple, and very dew. They are first, Will the year's actual accounts and next the estimated accounts of next year end with a surplus or a deficit ? and, secondly, If tho latter, will there bo any new taxation ? Olear replies to thee« questions, with, the noodful amount of elu- cidation and illustration, form the essence of a financial statement, and in the com- paratively small portion of the Premier's speech which was devoted to these points his statement was practical and business- like. He showed that wo began the year with an accumulated deficit of £1,299,000. At nu early period in the ourrent year it was seen that the revenue was largelj shrinking, and that the expenditure would have to be curtailed to meet it. As a fact, it shrank to £986,101 less than tho former year, and tho balauco of tho year would have boen one of disaster bot that vigorous retrenchment, by lopping £1,303,000 off the expenditure os compared with 1892, met the danger and reduced the pending deficit to what Sir GEOKOE DIBBS called " the paltry sum of £201,000." Taking these figures as they aro given, it may be remarked that even in its shrunken and depressed condition Now South Wales enjoys for tho current yoar tho respectable revenue of £9,521,000. In tho next place, wo have to observo that, largely as the threatened ac- cumulation of deficit was reduced by timoly retrenchment, it still amounts to the by no means insignificant sum of £1,500,000, which has in some way to be met. Tho Premier's proposal for dealing with this is 6imj»le. lt is to adopt and extend the method applied by Mr. M'MIXLAJJ to tho earlier accumulated deficit, and to set aside a. sam annually under tho warrant of an Act of Parliament to pay it off. The amount of annual instalment proposed by the Premier is £50,000, as compared with the £150,000 annually appropriated by Mr. M'MUXAN. We cannot but regard this amount as too small. At that rate tho colony would be 30 years paying off tho comparatively small dofioit of a million and a half. The Premier, indeed, spoko of this ns the " minimum " amount, but in practice the minimum fixed provision becomes tho maximum actual payment. We cannot question that had it not boon from his desire to show the possibility of sotting aside a separate sinkingf und for reduction of generali unded debt, tho Premier would have preferred to got rid of this humiliating liability by larger instalments and at an earlier date. We como to the Estimates for 1894. Tho revenue is anticipated at £9,971,000. Thero is to bo no now taxation, but Par- liament will bo asked to pass measures providing for Tiver tolls on the Darling, the operation of which, it is estimated, will incroaso tho ifailway revenue, and to supply certain defiewnoies under the present law, which will, it is believed, cause an increase of the sum collected under probate duties. Increaass of revenue aro thus expected from both tlieso sources. As thero is to be no now taxation, tho promised hospital property tax is abandoned. On tho other hand tho ordinary expenditure is talton nt £9,620,492. This total includes tho ordinary provision for payment of mem- bers, so that another policy ofr tho recess has been relinquished. In addition to tho provision for ordinary expenditure, the outgoings for tho year include an amount of £50,000 for the sinking fund for the second deficit, and £175,000 for tho sinking fund for the general loans. It has to be noted in respect of this that tho Premier only proposes to provide for £175,000 yearly, and counts in as making up the promised £250,000 the £75,000 paid annually by the Railway Oommissionors in repayment of an advanco of £1,000,000 made to them by the Government some years ago. Whether this arrangement will be regarded os fulfilling the promise to provide £250,000 yearly out of revenue as a sinking fund for tho extinction of debt we cannot undertake to dotermine. Tho net result of all is that the Estimates for 1394 show a gross rovonuo of £9,971,881, a gross expenditure of £9,854,492, and a surplus of £117,389, which wo have no doubt the country would be highly satisfied to soe realised. It is only fair to givo tho Government oredit for the praiseworthy desire to introduce a new system of economical administration, and to livo within our annual in- come. By strenuous efforts great steps hnvo boon made during tho present yoar towards realising this laudable purpose. Next year at present only exists in expec- tation, and how far this may in tho Esti- mates submitted bo coloured by the medium of a sanguine temperament only tho futuro can determine. Loaving this to tho future to decido, the country may at least on the basis of present results con- gratulate itself that it has with so littlo scathe got so well through a period of un- paralleled difficulty and danger. Apart from the few cautious criticisms we have suggested we have nothing but commendation for the spirit in which the Premier dealt with the essential and prac- tical part of his statement. The business- like moderation which he there displayed only served to accentuate the contrast when, having finished thiB, ho devoted the warmest and by far most ani- mated portion of his address to the raking up of old financial missiles for tho purpose of blackening and discrediting the administration of thoso who had preceded him. A number of the old disputatious items and indictments, including such as that of the Woolloomooloo resumptions, which have served the purposes of faction and partisan violence for years, . were once more reproduced to hurl at the heads of oppononts. The unhappy offect was to cast a reflex of party animosity retrospec- tively over the whole speech, to drag down tho lovel of debate, and to awaken a spirit of recrimination which prudence would have proforred to loavo in peaceful repose. Judging from some of tho remarks made in tho debate on the quostion of the rescission of the Katoomba resolutions, thore iß not only a misunderstanding of the agreement between the colonies and Great Britain for tho establishment, main- tenance, and direction of the Australasian naval force, but there is something liko a repudiation of Australasian interests which have at various times within the last few years been the subjoct of earnest and oven heated declamation. What have we to do with tho islands of Polynesia ? That is the quostion which some of our legislators have practically b«en asking. Using tho term Polynesia in ¡ts widest i sense, there is something startling in this sudden display or affectation oí indifference.. It cannot be forgotten that tbjero havo boen times when in one Australian colony or another, or in more than one together, thero was an exhibition of interest in the fortunes or the fate of islands within the range of Australian influence which pointed in the direction of forcing the Imperial Government into hostilities with friendly Powers. On those occasions Aus- tralian eloquence was poured out in streams in-vindication ol the Buprome, if not the sole, right of these colonies to exorcise control in Poly- nesia, avid under a sort of Monroe doctrine to warn off the nations of tho world. Of course the responsibility of carrying such a poHcy into effect was thrown upon the Imporial Govern- ment, and the tardiness or weakness of ito aotion waa condemned in the I bravest of words. But now tb. inquiry is, What have we to d with the islands ? And why should th British Governmont, or British men-of war, interfere in their affairs ? And wh; should these young colonies-the innocent abroad-be thus dragged into troubles o ; this kind ? The assumption of the earlier attitud was a mistake, but this wonderful rush ti tho opposite extreme is au absur dity., rte standard of political Hf in the colonies is not elevate) by displays of hysteria and inconsistency No good purpose was ever to be served b; preaching the Monroo doctrine If th' destiny of the Australasian colonio is to obtain a dominant influonc over the islands of Polynesia, that in tiuenco will bo devolopod by the stoad; course of events, and not be by an; methods of sproad-eagleism under thi shadow of English protection. On tin other hand, it is difficult to understani how, in view alike of past events, nctua conditions, or tho prospects of tho future any public man in Australia can treat 'th interests of the islands and tho intores of Australian intercourse with then with indifference. The opportunities fo tho cultivation of a largo and profitnbl trade with the islands lio beforo the Aus tralian coloraos, and it cannot be a matte of indifference whethortheso opportunitie ore turned to account, or whether thoy ari lost to us, or allowed to bo seized by others or are dostroyod by tho effects of inter tribal wars. According to the Statistical Register tin trade of this colony «lone with "th South Sea Islands "-and that term doe not cover the whole field-represents i sum of £80,000 a year. But thi importance of tho matter is no to be measured by actualities ; possi bilities and reasonable probabilities o development should bo considered. Thi colonial interest in tho islands, dependí chiefly upon two things-the general pre> serration of ponce and security and thi maintenance of freedom of trade. Pi-O' gress must bo hindered by the pi osonco oi war or anarchy, and the consequent inse curity of property and life. Progress would bo stopped if tho islands fell undei the control of foreign Powers determined to exploit them solely in tito interests oi their own trade. Someone snid, tho othei night, that ho deprecated tho interference of tho British Government or oi British mon-of-war in Samoa at the present time. The interference is in the interests of psace, and order, and of Australasian trade If we could separate Imperial interests from Australasian interests in this matter, and if we could couoeivo that Imperial interests only were at stake, the probable conclusion would be . that there would not have boon any interference 'eithor by tho British Government or by British ships. All that has been done has been doue with reference to tho interests of the Australasian colonies, as a part of the British Empire. Whoever may deprecate notion of this sort, the prayer should not come from us. What estimate can English statesmen place upon 'expressions of opinion by Australian public men-, when they are found at ono time anxious that England should interfere strongly in tho caso of ono group of islands, even at the risk of a rupture with France, and at another time are deprecating interference for the Ereservation of peace in another group, y acting in conjunction with Germany and the United 8tntos ? It may bo well to remark that the situation is not altered by the fact that iu carrying out this beneficent purpose a ship belonging to the Austral- asian Naval Force has been employed. The appearance of the Katoomba at Samoa had no moro power to involve us in any dispute there than tho presence of the Orlando would have had. If inconvenient consequences could have followed in either case, tho cause would have been alike in either-tho appearance and interference of a British man-of-war. Wo should not have been exempt from liability to suoh consequences had the ship been the Orlando, and we wore not made more liable to them by reason of the ship being the Katoomba. Tho facts of the caso aro that the Katoomba, being one of the British vessels supported at joint cost, was employod within the limits set forth by tho agroement, and in the express terms of the agreement, " in tho same way as aro Her Majesty's ships of war," aud, as the agreement also pro- vides, " under the sole control and orders of the Naval Coramander-in-Ohief for the time being." Any British man- of-war on the station could have been employod for this purpose, and any ship of tho Australian Naval Foroo could under the agreement have been employed in the same way. It is a misapprehension to talk about o breach of agreement under those circumstances, and it is equally a misapprehension to talk about taxation without representation, seeing that our own representatives in Parliament gave legislative authority to the agreomont, and voted the necessary funds. General regret will be felt at tho tidings to hand of the mishap that has befallen the Miowera, and the hope will be warmly entertained that after all the mis- fortune may not turn out to be so grave na the fears convoyed in the coblo mes- sages. The incident is such as might occur to any ship, and can in no way be regarded as reflecting either on the sound- ness of tho vessel or the sufficiency of her equipment. Well found, ably officered, nnd in splendid condition, she appoars to have gone aground on the little reef that closes in the harbour of Hono- lulu. Though ,the position is naturally a critical one, being exposed to the swell of the Pacifio, the usual calmness of the seas in thoso latitudes gives the promise that there will be time sufficient to have a vigorous effort made to haul her off. Tho fact that the passengers have been taken ashore in safety, and that uv iry portion of the cargo has been landed, reduces the catastrophe to a minimum-were it not for the possibilities of danger involved to the valuable steamer hersolf. It removes the anxiety that would have been so keenly felt had an occurrence of the sort befallon her in mid-ocean, possibly away from the track of steamers, and entailing suspense and a long and anxious searoh ; and though the misfor- tune is bad enough in itself, the tidings to hand must have boen a rolief to many a friend of the passengers and crew. The spirited enterprise shown in launching this service seems to deserve a better fate than to be confronted by suoh an unfor- tunate rebuff,at the beginning, and it will givo widespread .satisfaction if later intel- ligence tells us that Mr. HDDDAM'S fine ship has been got safely off and snugly berthed within tho harbour. However, the incident shows the necessity that thore is for the service being strengthened by an additional boat as early as possible, as was always contemplated by the owner of the steamers. No doubt boats eau be had to take up the running, and tho same spirit whioh initiated the enterprise will not be daunted by difficulties tuch u thi«. But apart from the increased expense of such tem- porary substitution-whioh is the con- cern of the owner alone-it is obvious that less or more of risk to the continuity of the mail service is involved in there being only two boats on tao line. Howevor, it is to be hoped that an interesting and growing trade like this with Canada will not be interrupted by a contingency whioh can be so easily met ; and Mr. HDDDART will have not only the interested good wishes, but tho cordial sympathy of Australia as well as Canada in tho accident that has happened to his steamer. THE LIABILITIES OF TIIE SYDNEY MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.-Lout evening Dr. MaoLaurin, tho re- presentative of t he Government in tho Legislative Council, in reply to a question askod by Mr. Davies, laid upon the table tho following return respecting the liabilities of the Svduey Municipal Counoil :-The outstanding debentures for which tho municipal oouuoil is liablo amount to £900,000, for tho city fund, cattlo saleyards fund, streets loan fund, Town Hall loin fund, and Moore-street improvement fund. The total annual interest is £13,400. Of thc Mooro-atreot improvement Loan, £109,000, is to be repaid by the owners of the properties em- braced within the improvement aroa, thus re- ducing the aggregate liability of £900,000 by that amuuut. 2. The City Fund Debentures, £100,000, vide Act 41 Victoria, No. ll, being intcnniuable, no sinking fund is required. The Cattle Sale Yard« Sinking Fund is now equal to the amount of tho outstanding debentures, viz., £33,000. Section 4 of the Sydnoy Stroot Municipal Loan of 1884, and the Town Hull and Streets Municipal Loan Aot of 1880, provide for th« creation of sinking funds for the redemption of loans borrowed under thoir autho- rity. A resolution of Counoil provides for the creation of a sinking fund calculated to redeem in a hundred years the amount borrowed on autho- rity of tho Moore-streot Improvement Act. The aggregate amount of the sinkitigfund is £165,756. Tho Government has not guaranteed the repay- ment of any of the loans that havo been issued. The old Central Police Court site was sold to the Counoil for £124,000. Two instalments «mount- ing to £62,000 have been paid. Those sums have been poid by tho city fund. THE ESTIMATES FOR 1894.-The estimates of the probablo expenditure of the Government for the year 1894 show that the total of the proposed expenditure is £9,629,492, as against £10,029,672, the amount authorised for 1893. The expenditure proposed for 1894 is therefore about £400,000 below that authorised for tho present yoar. The principal reductions proposed ure in the Railway Department, the Chief Secretary's Department, the Lands Department, tho Works Department, the Publie Instruction Department, and the Mines Department. The only heading under which thura has been a material increase is that of " Special appropriations," whioh has beoninoroased from £2,870,792 to £2,970,01)9-an advance of £105,307. This excess is partly accounted for by tho incroaso of the vote for interest on debentures and funded stook from £1,802,030 to £2,020,000, and the introduction of tho following now items : Endowment of the Women's College, £500; endowment under Municipalities Aot, £50,000 ; preliminary expenses of municipal institutions, £500. "Fensiuns to District Court Judges " hs* boon inoreased from £1500 to £2250. Amongst the items iu which reductions are noticeable aro '.Allowances to Parliamentary Represen- tatives," the voto for which is reduced from £39,900 to £32,750 ; remuneration tn Fublio Works Committee, reduced from £6000 to £1000 ; endowment of affiliated colleges, reduced from £2000 to £1500. Amongst the items which disappear is, " Collections for State House £3000." In many of the ¡toms under the heading of Chief Secretary reductions are noticeable, and for " Military and Naval Expenditure " a lump sum of £162,380 is proposed. " Charitable Institutions" has been reduced from £62,590 to £57,848, but some of tho money thus saved goos to swoll the ¡tom, " Vice-prcsideut of the Exeoutive Council " from £250 to £360. Tho total saving on the department of the Chief Secre- tary ia £82,B20, In the Railway Department estimates tho working expenses of existing lines areroduoed from £2,175,751 to £1,043,118. In the Lands Department there are reduutions on most of the items, tho estimate for tho department proper being reduced from £158,960 to £154,813 ; .he estimate for tho survey of hinds being reduced from £223,070 to £200*003. Special eervioes are inoreased from £9247 to £11,047, the incrouse being duo principally to tho insertion of the itom " labour settlements, £2000." Tho Works De- partment estimates have been reduced from £937,992 to £804,368, the priucipal reductiou being in the dredge Berviee. In the Publie Instruc- tion Department it is proposed to save about £26,000. It is proposed to reduce tho Miues estimates from £154,914 to £149,814. LOAN EXPENDITURE OF THE GOVERNMENT. Sir George Dibbs laid on the table of tho Assembly lust night a paper with regard to tho loan expendi- ture of the Government. It shows that thu loan expenditure daring the tenure of omeo of the present Government, from the 23rd October, 1891, to tho 19th September, 1893, was £3,703,872. Of this sum the portion required to meet the engage- ments of their predecessors wus £3,261,703. Tho further sum necessary to meet tho engagement« of their predecessors was £1,220,750. The sum required to complete the engagements of the present Government is £129,453. V, ISSUE OF TREASURY NOTES.—Sir George Dibbs laid on the table of the House las'night a state- i ment showing issues of Treasury notes, repay- ments hy banks and deposits*',"and withdrawal of] j notes during eaoh monti. The following is the \ summary of the >jiatomont :-Treasury notes withdrawn nud tuncellcd, £279,392 ; balanco at , bank available fir withdrawal of notes, £36,313 ; amount repaid during October, to be transferred to withdrawal amount on 1st November, £18,367 ; advances outstanding, £24,418 ; total issue, £358,490. " SCENE " IN HE ASSEMBLY.-At the close of the sitting of tnt Legislative Assembly in the carly hours of yest were filing out of ibo chamber a "scone" took placo behind tho Speaker's chair. The dis- turbance appears tl have originated from some interchange of worla between Mr. Haynes and Mr. Hassall on the subject of the divi- sion on the Naval Defence question, and before those piesent knew what was about to happen, Mr. Hayles had struck Mr. Hassall, Mr. Jones had taker. Mr. Hassall by the throat, Mr. Lyne had come 'to Mr. Hassall's assistance, and Mr. Inglis had partially divested himself of his coat with ti» express intention of seeing " fair-play.'! The members present, who took no part in tho affray except to crowd round thc i combatants and hamper their movements, wera loud in their cries of " shame," and the piblio in tho galleries made free uso of similar expressions, but eventually the belligerents were sepanted. In connection with Mr. Lyne's part in the iffair, it may be stated that the Minister for Worke.'ioeing Mr. Jones take Mr Hassall by the throat, rushed to the rescue, and attempted to relax the grasp of the member for Mudgee. Seeing Mr. Ljuo's difficulty, Mr. Frank Farnell gave him some assistance, and thon, as is stated by one who took psrt m the affair, Mr. Jones turned his attention to Kr. Lyne. Mr. Hassall, smarting under the punishment iuflioted by the grip of Mr. Jones, hit that genteman with some force, and at that juncture others iiterfered to stop further hostilities. MINING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY BILL. - The Mining on Private Property Bill, as read the first time in the Legislative Assenbly on tho motion of Mr. Copeland, differs in miny respects from the measure introduced into the House last session. One noticeable alteration is but the rent payable by the lessee shall now go to the owner of the land instead of to the Government. Thu same provi- sion is made as to the royalty to the Government, and the tributo to the owner of the land, os was introduced into formor bills so that uuder^is measure tho owner of tholandgetsa rfg-'^,,^ the acre for auriferous lund, or ordinary mineral land, and wilfcequirementa of the of 24 per cent, on the prodT«-" The voting . 3 _*j ;,,". bis castine vote iu Anew clause provides thatwn> then htt(loptea the Minister shall be of tneopin.¡OI) ¡nterviow Mr. payable to the Crown is from o Sich took place, the in comparison with the net rott3ro. P. Forbes, may either temporarily or perm-* ,¡-ft rato or forego the royalty altogc^ als(. Dec"mber, olauses provide that a lease m. irijorB have nearly maohinery sites and smelting wo/00. land may be resumod for mining= This bill, it may bo mentioned, r, debility, pimples. the Government resuming the left. gold is discovered, and it do(x¡ner,._fAi>vi.] resume it where tin or diamond the previo ns bill. And where 1» worked out for mining purpose* it U provided tait - the former owner should have a préférant right el re-purchase. PUBLIC WORKS REPORT.-In the LEGISLATIVE Assembly last night Mr. Lyne laid on the tabb) the annual report for the year 1892 of un Department of Public Works. The report set out that the gross expenditure for the year amounted to £3,223,495 2s 2d, of whioh £1,336,649 Hi JJ was chargeable to loans, and £1,886,1)45 7s 7i to revenue. During the year 129 nflj, of railway had been completed and * opea») for traille, namely, Nyngan to Cobar, 81jnulei and Culcairn to Corowa, 47} miles. There «en 203J miles of lines in progress at the end oi Hit year. A total length of 856 miles of surrey bj been carried on, necessitating a large amooutot preliminary exploration, traverse, levels, io. Unfortunately, on account of the restricted state of the loan market, the depart- ment had been unable to proceed iriU¡ the work of railway extension as rapidly ai (hi needs of tho country demanded, but owing to tit largo amount of 6urvey work which had best accomplished, further railway construction could be put iu baud as soon as the colony was again ii a position to borrow on advantageous terms, liq miles £5 chains of single track and 9 mild ;j chains of double track tramways hud been com' ploted during thc year. Survoys and reports bid also beon made of many proposod tramway», A, considerable amount of work was carried ont ia connection with the improvement and mainteauei of harbour works and river navigation. A Urn amount of reclamation work was carried oat during the year in tho Sydney district the total expenditure being £52,549 14s. Duna» tho year 49 vessels were docked at the Fitrrcr Dock, and 41 at the Sutherland Dook. TU Government Architeot reiterated his complaint respecting tho inadequate amount granted foi maintaining tho public buildings iu syaterottio repair. The value of the publio building! sitos was estimated at £8,196,162, parks and gardens £4,407,490. During the year a ootuk**, able amount of work was carried out by the rodi and bridges and sowerago brunch, the lum cf £1,103,040 3s 8d having been expended. Attacked to the report were a number of photograph!, illustrative of tho works oarriod out by the depart, ment. FUNGI DISEASES OF THE SUGAR CANE. _A report by Dr. Cobb has been presented to the Minuter for Mines, dealing with fungi diseases in ingar cane. The report states that the damage done by some of those diseases is considerable, burr ii small in comparison with that done bj the disease described under the hied, ing of microbes, and to which lUaiiot was made in yesterday's Uti aid. Cane nut ii said to bo common throughout the Clarence diitnot wherovor cane is grown. The cane rust «pora aro raieoroscopio, and being very light arc blowr by tho wind, and in this way aproad from field to field. The amount of damago done hy cane rut is stated to be very small. Cane smut cocora here and thero on the Clareuoe River, wbiltt cane spume is well known to all cauegrowers, being oue of the most prominent aud striking of tbs fungi that atfoct their orop. Cuno freckle, whick' is a disease confiuod moro particularly to the leaves, and is that whiuh Australian oune-growen often call rust, is said to do more harm to thi leaves of cano than any other fungus disease on the Claronce River. Tho durango dope by nd* rot is reported to be considerable, and comara lurgoly in a reduction of the amount of available sugar in the cane. RAILWAY LAMPS.-Somo seven or eight yean ago experiment« woro made with the Barton Kero- sene Burner, with a view of introducing ti« system on tho New South Wales railwayi, but from some cause or other they were not ounsiderei successful, and the question was allowed to dion until about June, 1892, when instructions wen given that an effort must be made tn uso kerami in lieu of colza oil. A number of experiment! have been carried out by tho ¿óucral forunsn,. Mr. William Thornley, who has olearly' proved that not only can the kerosene turner, without chimnoy, be adapted to sigual lamps, side and tail lamps, but by introducing un improvement invented by Mr. * Thornley it can bo successfully applied to loco- motive head lumps and shunters' baud lampa, In the interlocking and signal departments the saving effected by the adoption of tho now burner will bo about £1500 per unnum. In the permanent way department tho saving antioipated will he'about £57. In tho tramway department also (ben will be a saving of £200, and in the locomotiva department about £1200 per annum. Thoa making an approximate saving in all departments of about £1487 per unnum. STOCK INSPECTION.-Whilst on a journey in Uta West connected with tho business of the Stock brunch, Mr. Jones, Acting Chief Inspector ol stock, made inquiry into the strange discus of blindness in horses prevalent iu that dis- trict. It is reported by Mr. Jones that tho disease is produced by worms acting on tho nervous system. It cannot be tola by looking at tho horses' eyes that they aro affected in any way, but it is soon found out from their movements. In bad cases tho aninuuV hindquarters aro also uifeoted. The dises» ll most prevalout upon swampy ground. It ia curable, but tho animal must bo removed to new ? pasturage. Mr. Jones states that during t journey of 000 miles by road ho mads in- quiries as to the provulenco of the rabbits. Ho only saw ono rabbit between Broken Hill and Wilcuunia ; but between Wilcannia nnd tba Darling thoy were moro numerous, but not nearly so numerous as in previous yours. There wen, however, a largo number of young rabbits, which shows that they aro likely to bo on the inoreaee. An inspection hus boon made by Mr. Jones of tba quarantining ground at Newcaetlo for ahip'a stock. MINISTERIAL NEWS.-The Minister for Works left by train last evening for Melbourne on prints business. NEW CALEDONIA CABLE.-Thia cable was opened ; festorduy for tho transmission of messages. Intel- ligence was received by the Pustmaster-Oencral tlhttt Mr. P. B. Walker, Secretory of Telegraphs, liad left Bundaberg for Brisbane. Mr. Waiko! Will arrive in Sydney at tho end of the week. Jr \TELEPHONE BUREAUS.-According to a report rolceived by tbo Postal Department thoro aro now teaephoue bureaus opou nt tho following places : EiAgeclilTo, Waverley, Newtown, Ashfield, Bur wolod, Balmain, North Sydney, Hun'er's Hill, and1 tho hoad ottlco iu Sydney. Arrangements un bein g made for opening a bureau at Parramatta. DEPARTURE of MILITARY OFFICERS.-By tb» express for Melbourne which loft yesterday after- noon ; four military officers took their departan from (tho eolouy to enter upou courses of uuiruo tiou u\broad. They will all join tho P. und 0. Compa ny's R.M.S. Parramatta, which started m her hoinewurd voyage ou Monday last. Msjor Airey, tD.S.O., Captain Antill, and Lioatcnant Hilliard! have geno to India, and Lieutenant La Mosuriei: to England. DEPUTATION.-Tho Licensed Victuallers' Asso- ciation wl^ll wait upon the Prouder ut 3 o'olook this afternoon regarding tho Local Option Bill. PARLIAMENT AND THE UNEMPLOYED.-We under- stand time Mr.V G. H. Reid hus consented, at th» request of a uVimber of tho unemployed, who wuitod ou him \ yesterday and explained their grievances to himl, to request the Premier to rc ceivo a deputiition from tho men. Mr, lloid euysthut ftjom the statements which hst» been made to him/ ho bolioves that a great deal ol distress prevails lu the city, especially smongat persons who Imvd previously boen comtortabiypra. vided for. / BRISBANE WARD MUNICIPAL ELECTION.--Tb» polling for the election of an alderman to fill ti» vacancy in ;che City Counoil causod by tho death of Alderman Palmer, who represented BrUbas» Ward, too/k place yesterday between 8 o'olook is the inorniing and 4 o'olook in the afternoon. The» were fo/ur candidates-Messrs. Thomas Jeaeep, , Jobn (/ameron, Thomas M'Donald Dalveen, and Thorn/Us Henry Doarin. Thero was not mo* ?? exoitferaent over the oontest, but tho polling »ll day 'iras steady. The Mayor of Sydney, Alder- man "W. P. Manuing, acted as returning offlocr, and af 20 minutes to 6 declared the result of tba Fisiiór.g tobo as follows :-Thomas Jessop, 5J0 i IirisomCameron, 510; Thomas Henry Dearin, 7*J M- D* homas M'Dunald Dalvoon, 63. He declare! days! 0880P *° 06 duly elected. electorAL DIVISION OF THE REDFERN D.S.M_At a meeting of the Redfern Council tan oi but lg Alderman Howe asked if anything bsd done in carrying out a motion poseed at » 3US meeting asking for a deputation to wwi r"' tho Premier to protest agalmt ti» murevation of tho name giveu to th» US ¡en Grove portion of the boronga. hMlt! Commissioners had named the distriot now '.led Darlington Redfern Weat, and theoouneü shed the retention of the old name. TM yor reported having ordered » letter too» «king the Colonial Secretary to receive i Cition, but no answer was received. Hi ta «asurod by the pnuent district rnombere ¿úiog con now bo done without a special A FíiIUrnent. TES WAOE3 OP MABCfB EliOHiEEBS-As ticipatetî, tho friondly mooting of a represent "eh from tho Steamship Owners and the Mi Bunaesr»' Institution hold yesterday h=s se Sldiffereneee as to tho rate of wagos to be pni jSVcout. f WM pointed eut by Mr. Ji Sans, representing the steamship owners, tl -ait alteration had boon slowly but surely ta! ilsce ia tho conditions of Bhipowning inAusI ¡sit. The coaitnl trade was becoming more mow a cargo service as tho Government rnilv won being extended, many vessols were laid ml the ten oompotitiou was drivisg Austro Itaaaera fnrthor afield in eoaroh of omploym jtoproposed roduotion was reasonable and considering tho groat appreciation of gold s (ii laet wages agrcomout had boon enterod ii tine years ago. The owners recognised the p'neeraasan officient aud worthy liody, and ho ¡W would desist from any aotion which mighi inicidal to themselves as well as disadvantage tothe owners ind ali concerned. Mr. Johust rtpraenting tko Institution of Murine Eaginoi aili the engineers fully recognised tho mi eerious diffioultics whioh tho shipowners had tontend against, and they woro proparo.1 to tr tie matter from n brood standpoint, and ir liberal spirit. They, however, insisted as principle that wages in Australasia should bo u] a more liberal basis tbau in oidor oountrios, wh there were always raawes of unemployed, and coalitions of Ufo generally wore harsher. Tl conjideredthattbeexoessivacompotitiouof the sh cimera was to a groat extent their own fault, s ny reduction made by the engineers could ol lenten the losses io a very small oxfcont. J Bara» eipressad himself as much afraid that co; petitionwould always exist all over tho world, a Australia could hardly oxpect to be hedged in any superior conditious as to wages, whioh mt locoer or later bo assimilated more and moro tit ratea existing outnide. An adjustment n tully airresd upon which tho representative w jtport to those appointing thom at meetings whi till probably behold to-day. THE HOBART TRAMWAY COMPANY. .-Last wo ÜMÍIS. Harper, Hurpor, and Honderson, fydney, eonsulting eufriucers to tho Hobart Trat tay Company, Tasmania, mode a series of tei la connection with tho contract entered into wi Hean. Siemens Brothers. They found that tv on with a full load of passengers attained ipesd of 12 miles per hour ou a level road at men mile« os a grado of ono in 17. Tho servil » Mniiderod highly fatisfaotory, and will be sti BOB ao when tho dotails are fully completed. PARRAMATTA SPECIAL AUDIT.-A speoial meotin el the Parramatta Borough Council was held c IWneaday evening, when the claim of tho spooii auditen, ATaasra. Gowlland and Jones, for £981 m coniidorcd. Tho council's solicitor, actin nuder úutructions from tho council, otforod tb enditen' solicitors tho sum of £600 in f uti satis Cutiera, but (bey, although wishing to settle tb natter without going to law, refused tho offoi and siguinod their willingness to recommend tb acceptance of £700 «nd costs, whioh amounted t til 17a, The matter was discussed in committee and on division it was agroed to pay the amoun laked by the auditors' solicitors. VINTAGE FAIR AT RANDWICK.-A village fair ii aid of the debt fund of St. Judo's Church, Rand rick, WM opened yesterday uf ternoon in the loca Town Hall. The ceremony was performed bj Ki« Suowdon-Smith, who wished the under taüng ererysuccès*. A work stall was présidée eier by Mra. Hough, Mrs. Whiting, Mrs Hoirard, and Mrs. Francis ; a flower stall by th« IKiKjRicbards, Freeman, and Hough ; a refresh- ment itali by Miss Kins, Miss Lowe, Miss Gorton, and thsMisses Pearce ; a produce stall by Mrs. Ébepberd, Mrs. Bryan, aud Mrs. Aioock ; and a fancy itali by Mrs. Curry, Miss Kelsey, Mis» Ford, and Miss Lowo. Those ladies wore twisted by a number of others. Largo quantities of work and goods were disposed of. A pro- gramme of musió was gone through in tho after toon, the contributors being Mrs. Raymond Jones, Mrs. Bennett, Mi$s V. Lowe, and Mies M. KoomSclil. In the evening two toblocux TOIMI wera givon, "Tho Gipsy's Warning" and"WalUHave Ears," Miss L. Lowe, Messrs. Wit «nd Freddy, Miss Hough, and Messrs. Barker und Hou','h taking tho oharaotors. St. Jude'a choir contributed glees, and other items wera rendered by Misses Bainbridge, Kings boronyb, Ï. aud h. Loive, Mrs. Aylmer Joe, »nd Mr. A. H. Collier. Alderman Spring and Hcssr«. Raymond Julies, and W. G. Whiting rendered assistmiro. ' i INSTITUTE OF BANKERS.-Last night Mr. J. Itassoll French, chief inspector of tho Bank of Nsw South Wales, dclivoreJ a looturo boforo tho Instituto of lîaukets of New South Wales on "Th« Educational Function of tba Institute." There was " largo attendance of mem bers, and Mr. A. HeUiour, mnnagor of tbs Back of Sow South Wales, occupied the chair. Tho lecturer said a great deal could yet bc duuo by the institute in tba matter of tho education of its room bers, pniticularly of its younger raouibcrs. If that objeot woro not kept steadily before it there would bo a dunger of tho instituto becoming nothing better than a banker's club. They did cot want to educate a sot of prigs who might eeeratohavo a fortu of kuowlcdgo, for no man I could bo s banker by moro study. Tho successful practico of a banker required tho fuUost aud ripest experience, nud the baukor should ba a thoroughly trained and highly-odu catod mau. They must istrivo to teach thc principles rather than »ho details ; to teach them bow to karn rattier than what to learn. A schmo of study bad beou prepared, and would (hortly bc put before tho committee of the insti- tute. There was to bo a proscribed course of study, and there, would bo examinations, tho re- sulta cf which would enable tho council of tho institute to issno its diplomas to successful candi- dates, tho object being, not that men might bo able to placo a number of letters after thoiyuamo«, but that it might be a special means to an end, and that cud tho moro perfect performance of duly. LECTURE ON HISTORICAL LONDON.-At tho School of Arts Inst evening Mr. Arthur Field Woirigo, late U.K., delivered a looturo on "The Historical Buildings of Loudon." His descrip- tion of tho cruelties pructisod in tho Tower waa powerfully pathotio. Tho discourse was illus- trated with excellent lautem slides, aud among the many subjects which tho lecturer touched upot were- Westminster, London Bridge, Houses o; Parliament, Hampton Court, Trafulgur- squaro, and St. Paul's CuthoJral. At tho conolusion o: the lecturo a viow of tho birtbplaco of Shakes prara sud sovcrnl views of Strnt.ford-on-Avoi were thrown on the screon. SERMONS IN CANDLES.-On behalf of tho Salva Tation Army eclf-deuiul fund, the Hov. J. A Boper, of the Petersham Baptist Churoh, In* ««sing delivered a lecture in tho Centenary Hall entitled " Sermons iu Candles." Tho ohair wa occupied by tho Hov. Itainsford Bavin und ther was a Iorgo audiuueo. Tho looturo was of a aoV( character and was illustrated by uhno.it over known description of caudle. CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONVENTION.-Tl; Bitings of tho third annual convention for tl deepening of tbo spiritual life in connection wit lbs Church of England were brought to a con tlosion in St. Peter's Church, WooUoomoolo; Jtsterday. The Kev. J. D. Langley, chairman c Reconvention, presided nt each meeting, and tl attendances wore largo. The subject for tho do was "Servioe." At thc of ternoon session tho Ito D. H. Dillon spoko on " Sorvioc, an esscnti to spiritual growth;" and the Hov. Henry Mart óslhered an address on " Tho Lord Jesus Cirri, tba example of sorvico." An interval meetit ?aaheld from 6.15 to 7.15, at which tho subj« 'I The demand of personal service " was dwi '.pon by a number of speakers. Tho evonii Merion was continued until 9.30. The Rev. ] H. Triokott epoko on "Tho Holy Ghost, t power for service;" and Archdeacon Langley, Melbourne, dealt with the subject "The glory öod, tho aim of sorvioo." CHRIST CHURCH (ENMORE) SUNDAY SCHOOL. aalo of work in aid of funds for the iibova Sunda .cbool picnio was opened by Mr. L. C. Russe Jones (Mayor of Petersham) in tho O.ldfelloi Hall, Enmore-road, Newtown, on Wodnesd ««nmg. Two exhibit« well worthy of co mendation were a dog's hoad, in peni hy Misa Burrowos, and a niooly-cxeou Jjiuaio scroll, in Indian ink, by Mr. Ernest Moi Tho various etalla aro presided ovor as follow Fanny work, Miss Holdsworth ; flower stall, il K-Manson; refreshment stall, Mrs. Bruun. dramatic performance, entitlod " Tho Area Bell concluded tho prooeodinirs. PETERSHAM WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL. The annual picnic of this school was held on Wednesday- day, at Parramatta Park, whither about 350 scholars, under the care of Mr. A. Strangman Taylor, superintendent, and a large staff of officers and teachers, together with about 200 visitors, journeyed by special train. An enjoyable day was spent. The Revs. W. W. Rutledge, Winspear, F. Colwell, Jas. Colwell, and Mr. Walsh, were among the visitors. WAVEULEY PnKSBYTKSiA» Cauocni.-The ladies of the Waverley Presbyterian Cnuroh hold their second quarterly social and sale of work in tho ehuroh hall ou Tuesday. By their efforts the ladios have since tho induction of the present minister two and a half years ago paid off all the debt of about £1100 on tho Church property, and they have now a good sum to place to the credit of the building fund for a now church. GLEBE PRESBYTERIAN CHUBCII.-A number of friends visited tho resideuco of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Gibson, Rockdale, on Wednesday night, when, on behalf of the various bodies in connection with thu Globe Presbyterian Church, Mr. N. Living- stone, in a few words, mado a presentation of a handsome marbia tiracpioce, in recognition of their efforts iu tho work of tho church. SUICIDE AT SUKEY HILLS.-George Britten, 36, a hairdresser, was found dead in bed yesterday afternoon at his resideuco, ISO Albion-street. Thero was a pistol-shot wound in his head, and there was a Cut on his right arm. By his side was a revolver loaded in five ohambers, and one had beoa recoutly discharged. A bottle of chlorodyno was on his table. About 1 o'clock Mrs. Lester, an inmate of tho house, thought she heard a pistol shot. Dr. Hodgson pronounced lifo extinct. In ono of tho pockets of deceased's trousors was found a lcttor addrossed to his wile stating that he was tired of life. DEATH OP A» INFANT.-An inquest was opened yesterday in the Carlyle Castle Hotel, Newtown, relativo to the death of an infant, who was found in an outhouse at the rear of premises in Deuison atreet, Camperdown, on Wednesday night! Formal evidenoo was takou, and the inquest waa adjourned to the 2ud proximo. BrntoLASY AT PABSAXATTA.-Sometime between Wednesday night and yesterday morning, tho boot store of John Hunter and Co., Church-street, Parramatta, was entered, and «orno 37 pairs of boots were stolen. FIRES.-A fire occurred yesterday afternoon st a weatherboard cottage situated No. 80 George street, Redfern, oooupied by Mr. Froderiok White, blacksmith. A light which was hoing used came in coutaot with mosquito curtains, and the flames spread rapidly. Some bedding aud furniture were damaged by fire and water. Yesterday morning the shingle roof of a private dwelling at No. 642 .Tones-street, Ultimo, was sot on fire by sparks from tho ohimney. A section of tho room measuring about 3ft. x 2ft. was destroyed by the flames and by being cut away to provont Berious damage. Mr. James Goulburn is tho occupant of the premises. The Metropolitan Fire Brigade attended both outbreaks. FIRE AT NEWTOWN.-By a tiro whioh broke out yesterday morning in Lord-stroet, Newtown, a considerable amount of property was destroyed, aud nine horses wero burned to death. Tho out- break was discovered at about 2.20 a.m., on weatherboard premises occupied by Mr. John A. Goodsell, carpenter, but the flames in a little while oxtonded to the adjoining properties, namely, the premises of Mr. Henry Burling, 'bus proprietor, and Mr. Alfred Eraushcer, con- fectioner, Mnriu-stroct. Tho firemen vigorously combated the flames, but a good hold had hoon obtained, and, after a short space of time the premises affected collapsed. Tho official report of the damage is as under : Mr. Goodsell's promises : Workshop of ono floor, about 33ft. x 14ft, togother with a quantity of tools, &c;, burnod out and fallon down. Mr. Hurling's promises: Stablo about 36ft. x 14ft, containing about three tons of chaff, io., and a quantity of harness, burned out and fallon dowu ; eight horses burned to death. Mr. Erausheor's premises: A storeroom about 12ft. x Uft., con- taining a quantity of confectionery, &c;, burnod ont and fallen down ; stable and coachhouse, about 36ft. x 14ft, containing a springcart, harness, &c;, burned out and fallen down ; ono horse burnt to death. Tho threo sets of premises wore owned respectively by Mr. Charles Burling (May-street, Newtown), tho occupant, and Mrs. Burling (Ash- field). Nothing is kuown as to the origin of tho outbreak. The premises, it is understood, were not insured. THE MILITARY VALUE OF CHINA.-Auy sort of information whioh claims to bo authoritative re- garding the military value of China has deep in- terest now. That Empire is summoned to defend itsolf ngainst two of tho greatest European Powers, r.ud trio rosult concerns ourselvos in a very high degree. It must bo boped that the British Govern- ment possesses means of gangiug its fighting power, for private inquiries aro desperately at sea. The Worth China Daily Xewe reports thc test- ing of a 50-tou guu made at ICiuugnan Arsenal, and with this theme it expatiates on tho wonderful development of engineering skill and mechanical excelloneo among the Chinese within the last quarter of a century. " What tiley learn they learn thoroughly, and they do mt forgot." But tho question ls what uso they will make of the sciontiiio appliances whioh they turn out so doftly. Tho mon who cun forgo a 60-ton gun should be able to uso it. Courage will not fail them, at least. But some may | recollect tho account willoh Mr. J. George Scott (Shway Yoe) gavo sa an oyo-witness of the famous Lang-son campaign, nine yenrs ago. Tho Cinnamon "had rillos whioh could fire quito as fast as the Fronoh, and, seeing that they know how to lot them off, and had mil- lions of cartridges handy, they were reasonably coufidont. Thoy had caunon. too, some from their own arsenals, Krupp guns and Vnvassours, all now, machine guns aud rookot troughs, torpe- does and electric cables, still rolled np in the coils in which tlioy had come down." But tho annals of war reoord no operations moro futile and idiotio than thoso whioh Mr. Scott describod. Would it be otherwise now ? THE TRAINING SHIP SOBRAON. — A report re- lating to the work of the Sobraon has been received by the Minister for Publie Instruction. Mr. Suttor points ont that the information which usually comes to the knowledge of the public con- cerning the boys who have left the nautical school ship is not of a pleasing character. The fact that such youths are sometimes brought before the Courts is made known far and wide through the report of the proceedings. What the public do not learn so readily is that by far the larger number of lads ultimately obtain comfortable positions in life, and conduct themselves as decent and respectable oitlzens should do. Mr. Suttor is much pleased with the statements which have been submitted to him by Mr. F. W. Neitenstein, the commander and superintendent of the training ship. The superintendent, as stated in a para- graph in the Herald a few days ago, has recently returned from a visit to the apprentices, and the report he has submitted to the Minister gives in detail particulars of his tour. There were visited in all 54 homes, most of them situate in remote and out-of-the-way places. Mr. Neiten- stein found the lads generally in comfort- able situations, healthy, contented, and properly clothed. As a rule they had fair sums to their credit in the Post Office Savings Bank, and were all learning useful occupations. For the most part the Iads intend to remain in the country after completing their apprenticeship. There were three complaints by the masters, and one by a boy. In two instances only the superintendent removed boys from their places and returned them to the ship. In four other cases he had to inter- fere in the interests of the boys. The greatest trouble which the superintendent met with was in causing arrears of wages to be paid up. Reports were also received from the police in the neigh- bourhood of the location of the boys. These were to the effect that the lads were " quiet, steady, and industrious." A SOLICITOR AND ms CLIENT.-An interesting point as to tho right of a solioitor to suppress what had taken plaoe between himself and his oliont arose in tho Insolvency Court yesterday (says Tuesday's Melbourno Aye) In the course of an ex- amination sitting in tho estate of Watson, Scott, and Co. Mr. John Ellison, solicitor, a member of the firm of Messrs. Ellison and Simpson, was hoing oxaminod by Mr. Wullaoe In relation to his deal- ings with the estate. He said he had acted for tho insolvent firm and John Staffers. He refused to produce tho instructions he rooeived from them, or his daybook or diary. Ho claimed the privilege of a solicitor in not disclosing what had passed between him and his olient. His Honor was of opinion that a solioitor was not entitled to keop baok informa- tion. Mr. Ellison repliod that the books rcforred to another man, and his Honor said that that other man's affairs wore mixed up with thoso of the insolvont firm. The best thing he could do would be to mnko an ordor for tho commitment of tho witness, and allow it to lie in the office to enable witness to ohongo his mind if he thought flt. Mr. Simpson, who appeared on behalf of the witness, said he regarded this as a private mutter and he would like to have an adjournment so tha the natter might be argued before his Honor b; ooumol. His Honor theroupon granted ar adjournment till Monday next to permit of th< question being argued. CONSCIENCE MONET IN Vicrorai_A few dayi ago tho TJndei Treasurer (Mr. Eaton) was some what surprised to recorvo a draft for £36 17s 6d from the manager of the ChartoredBank of India, Australia, and China at Singapore, enclosed in c lotter which merely stated that tho money had been forwarded at the request of "Mr. Paul, Tarsus." Mr. Eaton plnced the money lo thc credit of tho trust funds (writes the Melbourne Argus), and wrote to the manager of tito bank asking why the draft had boen fonvarded, as the Treasury had no knowledge oi "Mr. Paul." Scarcely, however, had this noto beon posted thau a lotter bearing the postmark of Singapore carno to hand contain- ing a slip of paper intimating, in au apparently disguised hand, that " the draft for ¿'30 17s 6d ÍB conscience money." The money was then transferred from tho trust funds and placed to tbe credit of revenue, so that it will help to assist tho Treasurer in realising his estimate of rovenuo and preventing o reourreuco of the deficit. Mr. Downos Carter, whose Scriptural knowledge is often in ovidenco, knows of at leant one Paul of Tarsus, but is at a loss to identify this one. TUE Kailway Commissioners have made special arrangements and concessions for excursionists to view the scenery on the Hawkesbury Uiver. To- morrow, on arrival of the 9 a.m. train from Sydney and 8.45 s.u. from Mdsou's Point at Hawkesbury Hiver, tho s.s. General Gordon will convey passengers for a trip of 30 milei on the tim ; return fares, Cs Gd and 3s 6d. A similar trip will Hio made on arrival of the 9.32 a.m. train from Sydney on Sunday. MB. Jons G. TBESKUER will give his interesting lecture on Munday evening next, at the School of Arts, Ashfield, on tho subject of gardening, Sir Henry Parkes in the chair. Tire following is tho report of tho Benevolent Asylum tor tho weekended 17th October, 1893 : j Admitted, 7 women, 6 children ; births, 9 ; deaths, 4 ; discharged, 11 women, ll children ; remaining in the house. 70 women, 128 children : total, 108. Pro I visions distributed :-2662 loaves bread, 15621b. I flour, 10151b. moat, 6001b. sugar, 173jlb. tea, 7411b. sago, 371b. nee, llb. arrowroot, 581b. oat- meal. Frosh applications for relief, 8, viz. : -1 destitute woman and infant, 1 widow having 6 children, 4 destitute naen (1 absent from home) having wives and 10 children, 1 husband siok having 2 children, 1 aged man. There were 6 renewals of relief, viz. :-1 aged counle, 1 husband (sick) having 1 child and an aged relative, 3 desti-' tute men (1 absent from home) having wives and 11 children, 1 aged woman ; total, 23 adults, 31 children. Cases reported by the inspector, 43 ; in 26 oases the reliof was discontinued, iu 5 coses the money was continued, and in 2 other« it was oaucelled. Total number of casos relieved, Ct>2. \- i 