"WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW. MRS. H. "H. JE-VNTNGS lives at Xo 211, Maostreet, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Piu-rol boards with her. ThehirusaisanoU-one. W in good order. One night early in December (1691) the two womeu lucked all the dixmiod went to-the theatre, leaving not a sou] in tie house. They left the gas burning, huireve, in the front parlour. At about half-pan eleven they returned, and entere l the house latigiinf and talking. But as they went intn tbe parlour the merry humour dted out of tbeai in asecoud. Right in the middle of the n>m stood a dark man of i^gantic states. The -upper part of his face was concealed bya na-i, his eye- gleaming through the erebiilet in it. His shirtsleeves were rolled un, ud in i-ue hand he carried a long, old-fashi™d pirtol. The women fled screaming from the nw.n, md when Mr. Jennings came in live minutes liar he found no one in the parlour and ill lbs doors and windows securely locked. .Whit w :t the women saw ? ., 4 1 During a recent period ot ill be& writes an American friend. " I had slept biy for several successive nights. On the Ml of these nights about 2 o'clock, I was suddeiT aroused from a doze by what teemed like to calling of my name; and at the foot of the stood the linage of my mother just i<a» looked five years before, as Fhe was tamf home to go on a journey, on which JIMTH;, she had been killed iu a recent nfcy disaster. I hewamed and fainted. 1 " foolish enough enough to tell of it, and"* local old women gossips said it vraa a and I would never eet well. Yet I <H ™ am now in perfect health now. I believe tw vision came to my weak nerve*, for I ve seen it since, and it's inure than three jo" ago now." , • No doubt it was the nerves. Why, tier" no end to tbe tricks the n.rves >nU play on on you when your system is out ot conditwa- In March, 1880, it was, that Mia J*" Foster, of Darracott Eoad, PcM^ Hants, wrote us. as follows:-" 1 awfully nervous, I could not bear anyone m m room with me, yet I d.d not wh£ to™!? away in case I should call out for he p. "" was in June. 18S9. I slept very bMly.MO® the morning felt little the better fur w>rcs grine-to bod. There was often IL severe in my head and over iny eyes, and 1 most of the time. My skin was diy yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt com and dead. By-and-by I had to lie heipto ™ bed. The doctor said be didn't W complaint was. I took nothing but nq«» food, and could not ret-iin even thatm R stomach. Bythis time 1 wa- nothmgh® and bone. My memory completely head ached so dreadfully 1 thought I " " lose my senses, and my friends that J never get better. . v 'I had given up all hope, whes "new Mrs. West, ot Bournemouth, called what I was talking. She told me self once just as badly off, and was ^ Mother Seigel's CurativeSymp. As_shese«r™ to have so much faith in this medicine^ 1 trw it, and in three days I was able -to ^ f J Z the room, and by the end of the week I*® 1 downstairs. Now I am as well as erer - . "T eat and digest my food, and all roj nervoo- •neaa bas left me. ^ The malady Mrs. Foster suffered from indigestion and dyspepsia and nervone «o®» Won. The original cause was grief and "atthe'violerit death of hfr husband, by » dent, and the system rallied unly «««!* Syrup had giyen new vigour .to_thedi{es-»"' and thus fed and toned tne'nerves. . Whatever uiay be your opimoa ot Bridgeport ghost, it remains true tha^rum«^ canny-visions and sounds mean or less than a set of nerves all: upset .by™ 0^ tion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come miui ^ inside of the person who sees t-hem. ana Mother Seigei's Syrup does its anA»eai» .entertain only is naturw wbAjKuaie. 