IN THE WAKE OF FORTUNE. ffcopyitioiiT.-i I AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. 15 Y IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER II. — Continued, Jasper, the father, was meaiiy eighty years of age, and the sons were beyond middle age. Father and sons had been born at Sc. Colurab, and had passer! most of their lives mining, varied with -occasional fishing when the sea was calm. It was not long after the ship struck that Jasper and his sons noticed fragments of wreck drifting into thei bay, and they pulled about in the hope of securing something valuable. The people of the village regarded a wreck as their own especial property; and they had no qualihs of conscience regarding the appropriation of anything that came within their reach from such a. source; Jasper and his sons were engaged ex amining a mass of floating wreckage when they were somewhat startled by the sound of a human voice to seaward. It was but a faint cry, but to the prac tised ears of the mejn it told its tale. It must be a survivor's cry to come from such a direction .the men instinctively knew, and loosing the wreckage they had hooked the boat wa3 instantly turned to wards the spot the sound came from. In a few moments a second feeble cry was heard, fainter than the first, but in the thick darkness nothing could be discerned Bave the white crested waves thai broke against the rocks. They had almost reached the mouth of the Gove, and Jasper, who had ignited an oil lamp and was holding it above his head saw another pile of wreckage sweep by. By the flickering gleam of the light the occupants of the boat saw a struggling ob ject on the floating mass, which turned out to be a portion of the ship's bulwarks, but almost as they &ooked; a, huge wave dashed the timber against a jatfling rock, and with a smothered cry the living object' disap peared. Impelled with the desire to save life the men pulled perilously near to the boiling cauldron of the entrance, and as they did so a sheet of the Droken timber swept by the frail craft and a glaam or something white on it caught the old man's eye. Stretching out his band he caught the object, which seemed .io be a bundle of clothes, and as it was of little weight he lifted it into the boat. Examining it with the aid of the light they were astounded to find tlmt it con- tained a child, and in a few moments'Jas- per was convinced that it lived. The boat had by this time been drifting back into the Cowe and kaowing how neces sary it was to provide warmth for the almost inanimate infant the men at once pulled back to the beach and landed amongst the wondering few who remained there. . Mrs. Trenoweth was the first woman that Michael Jasper saw, and when she took the waif so miraculously preserved her motherly tenderness was aroused and she claimed the care of the child. This was at once conceded, for there were no women-folk in the Jasper household, and the care of an infant would have been awk ward. By dint of care the child was brought round and at daylight seemed little the worse for the awful experience of the \- night. Out of all on board the ship the child was the only soul saved, and the wondeilng people of St. Colurab regarded her— for it was a female— as specially under Divine oare. There is no doubt that the cries which first attracted Jasper's attention came from someone who had the child and was lost when the floating wreckage struck the rock. There was never the slightest clue found to the identity of the lost vessel, and the only token discovered on the child was the name " Inez " broidered on one of its gar ments. Mrs. Trenoweth, after consultation with her husband and with old Jasper's consent, decided to adopt the little Inc-z, but the old man insisted on his name being given to her as well as that marked on her clothes, The Trenoweth'a child Edward was but a year old at the time and thus the two children grew up together. Edward was fourteen when he was sent to Eton, but the routine of school life was extremely distasteful to him, and be longed for the wild freedom of hi9 Cornish home. How he managed to remain two years at the great school it is not easy to explain, but during that time he paid several visits to the Cove and each time he saw Inez Jasper his boyish heart was more impressed with her, She was certainly growing into a lovely woman. Her features were as Spanish as her first name, and there was little doubt she was of Southern extraction. There was nothing in common between her and the natures of the secluded hamlet, and consequently she wa3 not a favourite "" with them. Edward Trenoweth was a spirited and handsome youth and more to her liking. ! . .. The friendship that existed between tham developed into ardent love on his part and some degree of affection on hers. At best it was but Love's young dream. At the age of sixteen Edward departed from Eton, or, rather, was compelled to leave owing to a serious disagreement with one of the masters. During his two year's sojourn there he had not wasted his time but had made fair progress with liis studies. The spirit of hi3 ancestors seemed to possess him, as he evinced a decided incli nation for the life of a miner. Both his parents tried to dissuade him from that pursuit, but it was in vain, and soon after he took part with his father in the working of the mine. This pursuit poseessed an infatuation for him and he speedily acquired a practical knowledge of geology. His theoretical knowledge stood him. in good need, and before he was two years in the mine he wa3 regarded as quite an autho rity by the rough miners. This was in the latter end of 1805, and no one guessed of the awful calamity thatwas even then throwing its shadows over the doomed hamlet. CHAPTER. III. THE WHEAL MERLIN. One of the most ancient mines in vener able Cornwall was the Wheal Merlin. Its underground workings extended for miles and formed a perfect labyrinth likely to prove fatal to the uninitiated explorer. Having been worked for hundreds of years nearly every spot was hallowed or cni'3ed by the memory of a fatal disaster. The awe-struck miner would show the visi tor places where human self-sacrifice had reached sublime heights, or mayhap where personal malice in vengeful mood had in voked aid of death to remove a hated rival or to gain a little wealth. Every subter ranean gallery was filied with unwritten and unpainted legends, but to the supersti tious miners and residents of the district they were infinitely more real and enduring than if wrought in marbie or bronze. Con sidering the primitive manner in which the mine had for ages been worked it was a marvel that the accidents had not been more numerous and more.ssriuU3. Even with simple appliances in use a great depth had been attained, and the work of ages had caused the district around Sr. Columb's Cove to be honeycombed with un derground drives. In olden times the mine was noted for its- rich yields and miniature battles had been fought for its possession. An ancient representative of the Treno weth family, who had been worsted above ground at the outpost from which he de fended his property, took refuge below, and ior several days fought the enemy in its drives. His better knowledge of these ramifica tions enabled him to triumph, but the vic tory was a hard one. A villager named Tenfold, who worked in the mine, was either bribed or forced into showing the enemy underground, and this man paid dear for bi3 treachery. Having been captured, the enraged miners took him to' the surface and then dropped him seven hundred feet to the bot tom of the main shaft. His was one of the ghosts that was said to walk by the credulous people, and when ever the phantom appeared it was looked upon as an omen of fast approaching evil to the people of the hamlet. Suah superstition as this may appear childish to the matter-of-fact people of to day in Australia. It should not be forgot ten, however, that even at this latter end of the nineteenth century there still lingers in many parts of Cornwall superstitious be liefs that ceased to obtain followers in other parts about the middle ages. Mining 13 essentially a precarious and dangerous calling, and in such a remote spot as St. Coiumb's Cove — almost cut off from communication with the busy world, and in a locality vvnera nature herself con spired to overawe man — there was nothing strange in the fact that the miners employed in the Wheal Merlin should still cherish the legends of their forefathers. Indeed, they had some ground for the strange beliefs they held. On more than ona occasion weird predic tions had been verified in a strange and remarkable way. Omens that could only have been of super natural origin had, through the key of cer tain prior prophecies been interpreted, and they had been fulfilled. More than one hundred years before the date on which this story opens an ancestor of Edward Trenoweth had met the phan tom of Tenfold in one of the drives of the Wheal Merlin. The spectra — so Trenoweth said— pointed menacingly in a northerly direction, and then, like tha usual orthodox ghost, vanished; This Trenoweth was a man more than ordinarily sceptical for a Cornishman, and he refused to listen to the appeals made to him by certain of the villagers when he told them of the apparition. They urged that he should not work in the mine for a week and a day or harm would befall him. The period of a week and a day was uni versally considered a3 the longest in which a spirit could exercise a malign influence. Even Mrs. Trenoweth urged her husband to take heed of the warning given, but he was obdurate. He pointed out, like a shrewd, sensible man that he was, that he could not see how working the mine would precipitate his fate any sooner, than remain ing above ground for a few days and per haps having an encounter with some strag gling smugglers or pirates who might drop into the Cove. If his hour had come his bolt would fall equally sure above ground as a few hundred feet below the surface. This is the view that the pract;cal man of . to-day would take in such matters, but the sequel showed that Trenoweth should have taken the kindly advice. . Next morning he descended the shaft in company with nine men who were embued with the courage of thsir master, but none of them evsr came to the surface again alive. Shortly after noon an outburst of air from the main shaft told the alarmed villagers that some catastrophe had happened, and they flocked to the mouth of the mine. Some of the experienced miners when they heard the rush of air knew but too well the nature of the fatality. It was evident to them that an inrush of water had taken place, and this proved to be the case. When a few of the more daring descended the ladders they found that the shaft was nearly half full of flood waters. It was thirty feet above the drive where Trenoweth and his men were working, and it was certain that they must have per ished; They were working in the main drive to the north and the fatality was soon found to have been caused by the bursting in of water from an old mine that had not been worked for a century. It was weeks before the bodies were re covered, and the villagers went about their task as if obeying a command of fate. They shook their heads and shrugged their shoulders but said little, for they knew that Trenoweth had paid with his life his disregard of the phantom's warning. And so from generation to generation these grim legends of spectial appearances and their results were handed down until they seized on men's minds and became clothed in the habiliments of reality, pre senting themselves .as infallible articles of flesh and bio > i. CHAPTER IV. THE CATASTROPHE, It lia9 already been stated that when Edward Trenoweth took charge of the mine be at once introduced an improved system of working. By deeper sinking he felt justified in be lieving that he would be able to follow the rich lode further seawards with perfect safety. In years gone by drives had been put in westward a9 far as it was deemed prudent, but a large portion of the lode which was the richest in the mine had to be left un- worked through fear of the sea breaking through. When, therefore, Trenoweth put the west ern shaft down a hundred feet and made a survey, he calculated that he could drive a long distance under the Cove without feai of a burst. This he set to work to do with energy, and bis enterprise was soon rewarded. He bared a considerable portion of the lode and the returns it gave were richer than the oldest miner in the Wheal Merlin conld remember. In fact, it almost seemed as if fortune were about to smile once again upon the Trenoweth family, and Eiward felt proud to think that ere long he would bs in a position to offr Inez a home worthy of tin girl he idolized. It should be said that these two young peeple, growing up together, had come tc love each other, and the villagers regarded it as a matter of course that some day they would marry. The choice for either Ed ward or Inez in such a place as St. Co lumb's Cove, was, it is almost needless to say, extremely limited, and to some extent thi3 fact may account for the mutual affec tion which had grown up between them. As the lode turned out so well Edward put as many men to work as could do so conveniently, and the dri7e3 were soon con siderably extended. As the upper workings approached the sea they were abandoned and all the opera tions were confined to the lowest level. Month after month successful work was c-xperrded on this drive, and it so well re warded the owner that the almost extinct hamlet of St. Coiumb began to prosper. A mild sort of boom had set in, and it only needed a few colonial " syndicators " and speculators to have established a fleet ing city in the venerable place. In 18(19 the prosperity of the mine wa3 at its height, and the Trenoweth family were considered to be on the high road to wealth. In November of that year E iward made a survey of the lower western drive, and he calculated that it extended folly one hun dred yards under the Cove. Hi3 intention was to continue the work ings to the outer edge of the Cove and then discontinue. Prudence dictated- to him that once the open ocean was reached it would not be safe to drive, although the level might be far below the sea bottom. He knew the Cove sufficiently to under, stand that the ceaseless beating of the Atlantic rollers on the iron-bound coast could not fail, after ages of effort, to honey comb the cliffs. In places where soft strata existed fissures would thiis be worn to a great depth, and to drive in such a place would be to invite disaster. Inside the Cove the case was, of course, different. Sheltered from the fury and force of the eroding waves the weight of the water above the drive was the main point to ba consi dered. At least that was the view which Edwar.l Trenoweth took, and it was one winch would be shared by most experts. A3 Christmas rime approached Trenoweth decided to celebrate the merry festival in a ..way worthy of his name. He had reason to bles3 the fost dying year, for wealth and happiness had placed their benediction on him since the previous Christmas. Inez Jasper premised to be his wife, and the "Wheal Merlin had given up some of its buried treasure to him. He was happy and he desired that the good villagers should share his joy in some measure . On the 20th of December Morris Jones, the underground boss— as the position is colonially termed— met Edward near the main shaft, and spoke to him— " There is a good deal of water coming up from the bottom of the W£3b drive, sir, near the end ." ' " From the bottom?" Edward queried in surprise. " Yes, sir." . fl will go down and have a look at it. Yon must have struck a spring, surely?" " It is a spring of salt water, then, sir," Jones replied. Without further conversation the two men went below, and thence along the western drive. About four feet from the face Trenoweth sure enough saw a small spring of water bubbling up from the floor of the drive. With the aid of the flickering lights he made a careful examination of the drive in the vicinity, but there was nothing to cause alarm. The roof of the drive was remark ably dry, and it was there that Edward looked for danger. Toe men working at the face seemed a bit uneasy at first, but after Trenoweth 's examination and his emphatic statement that there was no danger to be apprehended they were re-assured, As he turned to go back Edward stooped to examine the strange, bubbling spray. It did not seem to be increasing in flow and the force was not considerable, so con cluding that it was only the outlet of a small natural cistern he went back again to the surface. About noon on the 23rd of December the Trenoweths saw Jones coming to the house, where he had been during the morning assisting in the preparations for the Christ mas festivities. Inez Jasper was with him, and Edward looked the picture of radiant happiness as he came out to meet the foreman. "What's the matter now, Morris?" he asked . " Well, sir, the men in the west are be ginning to getafeared. They say there is danger ahead. The night shift told me this morning that they heard queer noises, and that fool, Jack Pengelly,; swears he saw strange figures standing ai the entrance of the west drive and pointing down it," "Of. course," laughed Trenoweth, "we mustn't blame the poor fellow for that- Such superstition ha3 been born in him. But if you think there is any danger," he continued, anxiously, "we must bring the men up at once." " 1 don't know what to' make of it, sir,' replied Jones. " Sometimes I think there is no danger, and then again I den 't fee) suTe of it. That spring is still running, and stronger than before— but it is not that I am afraid of. There is occasionally a queer ring in the face of the drive near the lode and if left alone fqr a few minutes small pieces scale off without apparent cause: It is also getting much wetter ; and, in fact, the whole face is weeping" (mining ter.m | for oozing).— To be .Continued, WF-2 