7-'-L ' iilR . PABiS LETTER; > j' ; : J j ;Fh.oi| Oun: ConnMrdspEST,: ;.v!' ; I:; . , PARIS, 22nd Jt'lt.' I 'lfuquestionahly the political role of'Bism is thelsame asfthat of Afglianiatin— to' remain ». Wmpbih/pr buffer .State. '. It. must . , neither bo annexed, nor, practically. preteetcd. ' .-Nor could Euglnnd.ho expected to gratuitously', exposo-'tbe: fiank'of her'Indian Empireat Burinah to France, whiie having Russla'nlmost in a similar position ,rajtUJi't''.pi:.l;Impire., At the. prb'seiit moment, the olficial .limits, of .Aunara, as< re quired by France from 'Siam, " are only gueSscd 1 -'at. '-Generally, when she.fakssa'bito',itis| a 1 ' JAs lhb Senate has yofbi\\.tho two-thirds.efithe; current budget, and at'railway speed, iio!- imita-. tion of Ihe' exalnplo-of tho ; Chamber1 of' Deputiesi' ' there' is rno reason ;'', why 'Itlip'" decree for .the,', dirsolutibn; of the Chamhe'r ougiit not. at onoo to be promaigared, and allow the elections to bomb oil .within five Weeks henoc. So awkward' is; the' autumn pon-' sidcred for renewing the Parliament that for .the future that event will he limited to the spring months. No .marked excitement, exists in the constituencies rospeoting -either candidates or prbgrammeb. Many old Parliamentary hands will' not se'ek'- re-election— -'they seem to require rest. The! Parliament now doomed; to extiric- tion really accomplished no complete work, save to . carrying the ultra-protection tariff,' and which,.. up. to tho present, has not made its objectionable effects painfully felt. No political party scams to be putting heart into the can vassing. The: radicals demand the full no-sur- ronder republican platform, well Uuowing many of the "planks " are impossible to carry. Per haps in crying for muoh they may gain moro than a little. The demand for.the proportional income tax, that is, high poundage per high incomes, has not the ghost of k chance to be obtained. As for tbe separation of Church from Stato, how count upon that, when bis Holiness has taken out letters of naturalisation as a socialist and a republican— in France and tho United States only ? As for the royalists pure, they constitute a quantity ntgligeahle ; the Oomte de Paris has no more chance of taking up the running of his grandfather, stopped since 1848, than there, is of Queon Montemb's pet gazelle in the Gizek museum returning to life, since it was em balmed, according to Egyptologists, 5693 years ago. The interesting and the nnknown element of the coming elections resides in the concentra tion of the moderate republicans, and the opening of their ranks, to the monarchists , who have thrown up tlio sponge,' and cast in their lot with the present constitution. Like the Pope himself, they will hot chain themselves, Mezen- tins-likc, to a eorpso — such as royalty. If the converts can seoure the' Catholic votes, still a power in France, tho character of tho how Chamber, will be' profoundly modified ; it will bo more practical, will deal witli the possible only, -and relinquish: that' ohildish policy of opposing other reforms, because your own has been dcomcd impossible or . too premature. No section of - tho republicans is, how ever, prepared to admit the monarcho-' republicans into positions of trust and power.. They must remain in purgatory for some time,- till thoy. bo. purified and deemed worthy .to sit among the' elect! The trial oftlie Creole Norton, and the Anglo-! phobiau Ducret, editor of the Coearde, for forging documents alleged to have been abstrac ted from tho British -Embassy, with the viow ol endangering relations between two friendly powers, will oome oil in a very short time! It. was down for- hearing already, but fresh revolu tions necessitated a postponement to control evidence. The trial will be hrimful 'of surprises respecting the; foul conspiracy. The forgeries; have been admitted; the band trytoskunkaway, bnt Justice is tracking all concerned. Then M. Clcmonceau, who is not at all a played out power, whom the conspiracy was intended to destroy, is determined to drag all that is hidden to light. Ho charges tho editor, M. Judet, and tho chief proprietor, M. Marinoni. of La Petit Journal, with concooting the . forgeries and paying the forger Norton, M. Judet sent a challenge to . M. Ciemencoau, who has fought 19 duels in. his day,. but Clcmenccau doolined to have "anything to do with' a forger," so there was -no necessity . of oiling -hair triggers or testing swords. Clemcnecaii is not a senti mentalist, and: it is not bis habit to indulge in wild cat statements ; he is a man of few words,' ' and. these words.' are to tho' point! He .direotly 'charges M. Marinoni, the manufacturer of the well known printing pressss called after him, with having supplied tlie'fnnds,1 35,000 f., to pay' for the, forgeries. That is grave and point blank. He! gives tlie date whon the cheque was paid, by the Ortdit Lyonnais Bank,' and the name of: the alter ego who received the proceeds. As tho public prbseeufor can call upon the bank. to produco the paid cheque, and to show by its books from what account the amount; was drawn; the trial will settle the matter of faot, and that is all Clcmenceau ' demands. . The Fronoli ot no time believed the diplomatic doeum'ents to be serious,' and quiokly comprehended the nature of .the house of cards. The drawing for the bust bfttok of 1803 sou, 'sbiipts iholudea all youiig men botn In I&72. Thia drawiug compriscs, following the uew law, the' sons "of fathers 'of another hationaiity married - to" a .French -mother.. .Tho 'son has : a ' fixed tim'o ou attaining; his majority to decide1 whether " He ( will , adop.t . tho nationality of 'his father or romain Freiicli— ho beoohics tlie latter if he fails to make his choice in time. . It wiil ho! intoroatiiig to know what results fho.now law will have obtained. The only way to seriously augrnent the popniatiou of France is to hold outr iuducemcnis tq foreigners to change tlioir nationality, and to give;tbem a bounty fur eyery.hahy hoiu in wedlock 01 legiti- matised. Bounties are given to native, ship1 builders, .beet sugar producers. Newfotindland flshernVen, Ac.; why.net also socord— for up to1 the present all has hcc'n promise— promiums to ; encourage philoprbgenitivencss? Wliy not tax married copples' ryho have, no chiljireh/as yvell as nlcii who h'aVe'.nprVlycs ?' . That would, jbo better tbUn-levying an impost on cycles, .'"'piano forties," Tii'd .other petite riens.' r> ' : ' 