Tlie Aura of Spiritualism. A SPOOK'S LECTURE. When the great naturalist, Alfred Bus- sell Wallace, issued his famous book on " Modern Miracles," a thrill of surprise passed over the scientific world. That such a keen-eyed student, such a wonder- ful writer, should have become a believer in, spooks and table-rapping and spirit writing was wonderful indeed, so a sceptical and sneering world was half inclined to say, " There must be something in it." Aye, so there is ! But what ? We try to penetrate the. mystery in vain. We attend mysterious meetings in dark- ened rooms, And sometimes horror chills our blood To be so near such mystic things; but alas ! we still linger on the outer margin of the dread circle. In a recent advertisement in a Sydney paper a spiritualistic society promised a " Trance Address " on " Mesmerism, Biology, and Sleep," and as that appeared to be full of grand possibilities, we were on hand. In a " trance address " some- one goes into a trance, and a disembodied spirit speaks through the sleeper. The meeting placo was a small ball in Pitt street, and on that Sunday night there were 60 or 70 people present, who filled, the place with carbonic acid and spiritualist odors and influences. At the back of the hall were pictures drawn by spirit hands, and writings on slates which had been done by ghosts. At the other end of the hall was a little platform with three ancient and somewhat ghostly-looking men on it, who conducted the preliminary . exeroises. They " read the lessons "just as the orthodox sects do, and they sang hymnB, but they were exceedingly un musical ! If the ghost of Bach or Beethoven came along during the musical part of the service, the poor musical ghosts would think they were in the bad place that we never mention ! The audience was a queer one, but the sketches will tell their own story best. Perhaps they were like the more orthodox people after all, but there was a kind of ghostly expectation in the air that gave them an extraordinary appearance. While studying the people the gas went out, but nobody stirred I It was part of the mystical performance, for ghosts love darkness rather than light, because-well, I'm not sure why, but they do. Then a sepulchral voice said from out the gloom, The Meeting. "Sing," and the crowd began to sing very softly, " Nearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Thee. In the midst of the song there oame weird sobbings and moanings and gushings from a woman who sat up near the platform. She was the "meejum" of whom some spirit was busy taking possession, and it was evidently no easy job-for the woman. Then the song died away in voiceless expectation, and in thc pause which ensued there came, clear and distinct, from some other room in the building, the words of a hymn sung by some other sectaries There ia life for a look at the crucified one, There is life at this moment for thee. It seemed strange to be mixed up with such different denominations in the city of Sydney on a Sunday night. If the spiritualists were smart they would send some spooks to clear the other people out of the building ; but then maybe the spiritualists are not much different from the rest of us, after all, even with all their spiritual influences. Then a man's voice spoke out, evidently from the platform, saying in queer, stilted tones, My friends-I have taken posses- sion-of this soul-in order-to give the mee j um time to compose herself-for she missed her steamer-and was late in arriving here. I am going to speak to-night-about what the world-is greatly interested in-and I want you to give great attention-not only to this mee j um but to every other mee j um that I may-use in this hall. I will now impress -him to sing-one of the songs-that you are in the habit of singing-at youl Tuesday night meetings." Then that mau began to sing, or, rather, the accommodat- ing spirit that had charge of him did, ano we all chipped in on the hymn ; but, to pm it mildly, there was nothing seraphic about that spirit song. I've heard i pressman with three sheets in the wine sing much better at a " Waysgoose." Bu then the ways of spirits are past finding out. When the hymn was over that spirit ha< shifted into the woman who had beei moaning, and it was a little bit odd thal while the spirit had been talking througl the man, it had already been wrestlinj with the woman ; but then, one can no expect to understand this unless the understand the Fourth Dimension, s that's all right. When the ghost spoke through the woman it (or he, or she P). spoke, not onl in a different tone, but it used totall different language, and talked like ghost that knew something about chemistry, geology, physics, palaeontology, and biology. But, somehow, that spook only talked about things we read in the text- books when we were ambitious of life's honors. It didn't know a thing that our teachers didn't know years ago, and it was not always correct even then ; but, per- haps, spooks don't really know any more than " mee j um»." There was some moving in the darkness and some talking, and the spirit suddenly stopped and said, " I will wait till all is quiet." Then somebody went out of the hall, and when all was still as death the ghost began again, but there was something wrong ! If it had not been a spirit speaking through a woman in a trance, I would have sworn that we were listening to a recitation, for when the medium, or the speaker, forgot a sentence she wandered into commonplace colloquial English to piece it out, until she remem- bered her part and climbed on to the high flown once more. Once she stopped alto- gether, evidently lost, and said, " I don' know what's the matter." Neither die most of us. The only thing the spirit said that wai worth remembering was in regard to th< aura of private bars, gaols, penitentiaries low music halls, and criminal courts.. Sud places are full of miasms and maladies and if a weak spirit goes near them, th aura, or influence, will be caught, just a we catch smallpox or measles, or any othe infection. How true is this, oh might spirit ? We can see the influence of Dai linghurst Gaol, the whisky bottle, and th concert room on many faces ! For more than an hour that spook kef on talking, but all it said thai was wort hearing might have been said in five minutes, or, better still, left unsaid alto- gether. After a long, long talk in that dark, ill-ventilated room, the "meejum" said, or the spook, " I do not know, Mr. Chairman, if there is time to say a** few words on sleep?" The chairman mur- mured apologetically, " Well, just a little longer," but a strong voice in the audience said, "Take another night." Then the chairman, emboldened by that expression of opinion, said, " As it is now 10 minutes to 9, perhaps it would be better to take another night," and the poor spook was clotured. There was a struggle to get out of tbe woman, for there didn't appear to be anybody present who could cast out (evil) spirits with ease, and then the light was turned up, and the dear, familiar old collection plate was taken round. God bless that collection plate ! If the spooks were a good deal cf a failure, that old time, sanctified collection brought the modern spiritualism and the ancient ortho- doxy into line, and proved that Mrs. Browning was right when she said that We are of one flesh after all, And need one flannel (with a proper sense of difference in the quality). VISCOUNT GOBMANSTON, who will soon enter upon the duties of Governor of Tas- mania, takes a state THE NEW TAS- man's view of the federa MANiAN GovER- tion question. In his NOR ON Lordship's judgment the FEDERATION. attempted forcing on of Imperial federation, be- fore the Australian colonies are united, is simply placing the cart before the horse. He regards Imperial federation, in- deed, as a utopian scheme, the British dependencies being so -wide apart. The first thing to be done is to bring about intercolonial freetrade. He regards it as absurd that the colonies should be playing a cut-throat game among themselves, and be, in the matter of a Customs tariff, a house divided against themselves. In some respects there is an affinity between Lord Gormanston and Sir George Dibbs. His Excellency is six feet high. (By the way, this was one of the pointa that recommended Mr. Eddy to Sir Henry Parkes.) Then, the new Governor of Tas- mania occasionally uses,though perhaps only as a quotation, the big D. Sir George Dibbs it will be remembered, employed it with effect in America. Viscount Gormanston thinks all statistics are liars, with a big D qualification. Sir George, as soon as he can spare the time-say, after next general election-might do woree than pay the new Governor a visit. THE Duke Ernest II. of Saxe-Coburg Gotha, brother-in-law of Queen. Victoria, who has had a stroke A BOYAL of apoplexy at the age APOPLECTIC, of 75, and whose death may therefore be ex- pected at any moment, was in his day a much more lively person than his brother, " Albert the Good." At one time, in fact, the peculiarity of his domestic relations caused grave scandal and family dissension. The circumstance of most interest to English readers in connection with the old Duke is, however, that his approaching demise will, as he leaves no children, convert the Duke and Dúchese of Edinburgh into reign- ing German sovereigns. There have been reports at various times that the Duke of Edinburgh had sold his right of succesion to the German Emperor. These obtained a certain amount of credence be- cause of bis Highness of Edinburgh's well known weakness for a bargain, the remark- able unfitness of Saxe-Coburg- Gotha as a place of residence for an Admiral who had seen muoh sea service, and the very possible reluctance of William II. to have as subor- dinate sovereigns to himself such unplea- santly influential people as a brother-in law and sister of the Czar. All the rumors have, however, been authoritatively denied, and the British people will soon have the satisfaction of knowing that they have, at their expense, trained an Admiral to live in the very centre of the Continent ; while a number of Germans who have never seen any vessel bigger than a river steamboat will receive a sovereign who thoroughly un- derstands the discipline of the quarter-deck. 