THE " TIMES " NEWSPAPEIR INSIDE PRINTING HOUSE SQUARE. THERE is a very interesting article by Mr. Edmund Vincent in the English Illustrated Maagazine for September, from which we are very glad to'be able, to take the following luotationsel: Mr. Vincent says : Accompany me then, at six in the eovening to the door iiiPrinting House Square. Remain without in the flesh, but let your disembodied spirit pass through the folding doors; the men behind the railings on the right will not notice your ghost, but you may notice that they sit at the receipt of telegrams and of envelopes, and that no man bearing the printed envelope of the paper goes away unrewarded. You will notice, too, that the night printers are droppinrg in one after another, for the great engine is awaking out of her half-sleep of the day. THE COMPOSING ROOM. Glide uusub4tantially to the right and you shall pass through a lofty room, a wilderness of iron tables and type, to the foot of a spiral staircase of iron, ascending which you shall become aware of a warm smell of oil and of a rattling crashing sound from a composing room. Look down its length, and the imlpres-ion produced on the eye is chat of all endless series of fraimes, hybrids between a 'Velnetiiin blind and an )Eolian harp, each attended by its satellites who work under a strong light concentrated upon the work. Before each man lies his slip of " cly " ; legible oir illegible, lie must make the best of it; some set by hand, others by machine, played upon with koeys like a piano, capable of setting nearly .300 lines an hour, whereas fifty lines is the limit of the best hand labour. Be content with a glance here. Know that each man has his work allotted to him by the head-printer, that many of the grow to an honourable old age, that all receive pay at rates higher than those earned by any men of their class in London, and that there is not a Trades Unionist amon!g them. THE EDITOR'S CORRIDOR. Pass through a green-baize door into a long corridor, remembering that even to the spirits the room of thio.editor of the Times remains closed, and that you are in another man's house investigating the pene tralia of his btisiness. Other rooms in this `corridor are those which used to be occupied by Mr. Macdonald, and occupied now by Mr. Godfrey Walter, and the drawing:room in which visitors are received, over the mantel-piece of which hung, unitil the other day, a portrait of somebody in antidiluvian jack-boots,whom I always assumed, without any justification, to be Crabb Robinson. There are three.writing-rooms on this floor, each having a good' desk and good chairs, a supply of pale blue slips' of paper, and a strong electric reading-lamp. There is also number 7, the room in which -an aimy of sub-editors spend laborious nights over oceans of manuscript, much of which, to the infinite annoyance of 'everybody conicerned, is faintly pencilled on to greased paper and called "flimsy." In spite of the monotony of their work; the sub-editors of the Times as a body are the' cheeriest and' the most helpful-men in theworld,nor do they think it absolutely a matter of conscience to deprive an article of all point and all epigram. - TILE REPORTERS AT HOME -AND-ABROAD. Upstairs, on inother- corridor, are the reporters' room, the leader-writers' rooms, the foreign room. The leader-writers are wreathed in mystery. I cannot say who they are, how much they earn, how they do their work; how many of them there are, for the maxim of the Times office is that of the sage, with variations, "Call no :man a leader-writeif until he is.dead." The name of the reporters is legion. The foreigin room is one of the busiest in the house. The wires .from the Continent click without ceasing; the messages which come require the full attention of four trained men under a chief.- It is a mistake, by the way, to call this gentleman, accomplished and distin guished as he is, an editor. The T'ime- 'has but one editor, and in his department he is absolute and supreme. We are now in 'a position to give a rough sketch of the means concerned in producing, choosing and arranging the matter apart from advertisements, which appears- in the Times. TillE MEN WIO' MLAKE THE "TIMES." They are the editor, an assistant editor, foreign director, and the so-called City editor, though here again the word " editor" is to my.mind misapaplied. 'There aire x leader- writers, there are six or seven sub editors, and mnidway between them and the printers are the readers. There are also x special correspondents, yreporters, assigned to districts and peripatetic, and z semi attached reporters.. Ini the UnitedKingdom there is a local correspondent of every town of importance; in every country in the world, almost, is an accomplished gentleman entitled to call himself "our own corres pondent." Of these M. de Blowitz is the type and the. ideal. Even now ,I have omitted the full staff of reporters in the House of Commons, who enable the Time-s to give practically the only complete report of debates published daily in England, and the law reporters, barristers all, including men appointeld to each circuit, at the head of whom is the most indefatigable anid the most humorous of men, the favourite of Benchl and Bar, who has always a kindly, word for a struggling junior and a merry anecddte for the jadeid leader. Still there remain the multitudinous reviewers, the 'dramatic'.critic, the musical critic, the art ciitic, the gentleman who makes the turf his study, the yachtsman, time rowing- critic, the Aserver of cricket. The names of gentlemen of this class are indeed legion, they are as numerous as the pursuits of men. The management of this great organisa tion is conducted by Mr. Aithur F. Walter, witli the 'invaluable assistance of Mrs Mloberly Bell. The printing department is in the hands of MIr. Goidfrey Walter. All the Walter presses have been made in the engineering room at the' basement of Printing House Sqtutre. Here, toq, is the type foundry, foT-at the Times Office a large I-'opdrtiou of'typo is mnelted up and re-cast Finallj. iLtxi- composing madchines, Kasten b~in's, with so many improvements that the original'ide. ;is 'tinost beyond recognition, have receivll bi-ii6-attention with excelleint results. At one time it was customary to connect the -operators at some of these machines by Lelephone with persons dictat ing from the House of Commons, but the practico has been practically discontinued, partly because the Hiouse of Commons has1 become a~f "early to bed" institution partly because the strain on the operator was found to be almost intolerable. It is well known that cacr.n spgregatcsi from meteoric iron -in thomortil of ifue grue ,raphitc,: an?.-erystaiY of graphite resembling diamonf have liceen found in meteorites suchl as tl?e ofYoungdegin and the N'owo UreL. ])i~ita0nds are also foutid to occur fn old" volcanic vents, sich as the Kimberley minesof South Africa, which are filled with decomposedl ititrusive mate-ril thrown up. froin?grieaf~fleiths. Profeisor Carvill Le iis supposcd'these .sliatmonds to have "been fornied by the action of the intrusive material on ghe -c.rbo;l ferous shales found there,'. pttkldicted that diamonds would bAodt inteteorites; but no diariioands havej it..boeen- found in the Greenland iron-beds;wh~?hre a sinmilar action has taken placd. 'Professor O?W..Hunting ton recently expressed .I he $Pilion--vbhi'ch, indeed, had already beeii':thfibed by bl. Daubrie-that, since the ear~'is apparently a mass of meteorites covere" ivith a crust, there ought to be abundance of diatnionds at great depths. - The classic simplicity of M. Renan'sFrencli; prose, together with the love he ever dis played for the discussion of spiritual problems and the analysis of the religious sentiment, naturally suggests a compai-ison with both the matter iund the manner of the late Matthewv Arnold. The affinity between the tw_ iso indeed, verl remarkable. 