Ti GS THE GHOSTS AND TE GAEOF FOOTBAIL. There was once a-poor widow woman's eon that was going to look for serva, and one winteus evening he came to a strong faimer house, and this house was very near an old castle. "God awve all Shere," says, he, when he .ot inside the door.'. "God save you kindly," says the farmer. "Come to the fire." "Could you giverme'a night's lodgingl" says the boy. "That we will, and we'll come if you will only sleep in a comfortable room in the old castle above there; and you must have a fire and. candlelight, and whatever you like'to drink , and if yoi're alive in the morning I'll give you 10 rmineas." Sore I'll be livre enough if you send no one to kill me." "I'll send no one to kill you, you may depend. The place is haunted eversince myf.ather died, and-three or four people that slkpt in the same room were found dead nert morning. If you can banish the spirits I'll give you a good farm and my daughter, so'that you like one another well to be married.", "''ever say't twice. I've a middling safe conscience, and don't fear any evil spirit that ever smelled of brim. stone." Well and god,?the boy got his supper,. and then they went.upp with him to the dia cistle, and shued Thiims into.a large kitchen, "witha. roaring fire iii the grate, and a table;, with a bottle and a:gldss, and a tumbler on it, and the settle ready on the hop. They bade him good:night and God speed, and went off as if they didn't think their ,heds were half swift enough. "Well," says-he to himself, "ifthere's any danger. this prayer-book will be usefullerthaneither the glasssor tumbler." So be kneeled down and read a good many prayers, and then sat by the .fire and waited to see what would happen. In about a quarter of an hour, he heard some thing bumping along the fuor overhead till it came to a hole in the ceiling. There it stopped, and cried out, "I'll fall, I'll fall." "Fall away," says Jack, and down came a pair .of legs on the kitchen floor. They walked to one end of the room, and they stood, and Jack's hair had like to "stand upright on his head along with them. Then another crickling and whacking cameto the hole, and the same words passed between the thing above and Jack, and down came a man's body and went and stood upon the lens. Then comes thefhead and shoulders, till the old man, with buckles on his shoes and knee-breeches, and a big flapped waistcoat and a three-cocked hat, was standing in one corner of the room. Ngot to take up your time for nothing, two more men, more old- fashionedly dressed than the first, were soon standing in two other corners. Jack was alittle cowed at first; but found- his courage growing stronger every monent, and" what would you have of it, the three old gentlemen beganto kick a puckeen (football) as fast as they could, the man in the three-cocked hat played again' the other two. -' Fair play is bonny play," said Jack, as bold as he could; but the terror was on him, and the words came out as if he was frightened in his sleep; "so I'll help you, sir." Well and good, he joined the sport, and kicked away till his shirt was wringing wet, satin' your presence, and the ball flying from one end of the room. to the other like thunder, and still.not-a word was-exchanged.- .At last day began to. break, and poor Jack was deadbeat, and he thought, 'by the way the three ghosts began to look at himself and themselves, that they wished him to speak. So, says he, "Gentlemen, as the sport is nearly over, and I've done iny best to please you, would you tell a body what is the reason of your coming here night after night, and how crula I giveyou rest, if it is rest you want r' "Them is the wisest words," says the ghost with the three-cocked bit, "you ever said in your life. Some ofthose thatcame before you found courage enough to take a part in our game, but no onelad misnach (energy) enough to speak to us. I am father of the good man of next house, that nian in the left corner is my father, and the man on myrightis my grandfather. From father to son we were too fond of money. 'Ve lent it at 'ten times: the honest interest it' was worth; we never paid a debhtwe could get over, andalinost starved our tenants and laborers. "Here," says he, lugging a large drawer out of the wall; " here is the gold and notes that we put together, and we were not honestly entitled to the one half of it; and-here," says he, opening another drawer, " are bills and memoran dums that'll show who were wronged, and who are entitled to get a great deal paid back to-them. Tell my son to saddle two of his best horses forhimself and yourself, and keep riding day and night, till every man and woman we ever wronged be rightified. When that is done come here again some night; and if you don't hear or see anything,-we'll be at rest, and you may marry my granddaughter as soon as you please. Just as he said these words, Jack could. see the wall through his body, and when he winked to clearl?is sight, the kitchen' was as empty as a noggin turned upside down. At the very moment the farmer and his daughter lifted the latch, and both fell on their knees when they saw Jack alive. He soon told them everything that happened, and for three days. and nights did the farmer and himself ride about, till there wasn't a single wronged person left without being paid to the last farthing. The next night Jack spent in the kitchen he fell asleep. Before e w was after sitting a quarter of an hour at the fire, and in his sleep he thought he saw three white birds flying up to heaven from thesteeple of the next church. Jack got the daughter for his wife, and they lived comfortably in the old castle; and if ever he was tempted to hoard up gold, or keep for.a minute a guinea or a shilling from the man that earned it through the nose, he bethought him of the ghosts and the game of football. 1 ac ge The arrangements in connection with the Intercolonial Wine, Fruit, Grain and General Products Exhibition are rapidly approaching completion, and it is antici pated that the objects for which the, undertaking has been designed will be successfully achieved. In order to allow of exhibits from remotely- situated dis tricts and the other colonies it has.been decided to extend the time for receiving entries to a few days beyond the sit March, the date originally fixed. This will also afford an opportunity for pro ducers and others .who have overlooked or neglected to send in their entries. The "Autumn Show," as it is now being called for abbreviation's sake, is a national matter and all who are in a position to exhibit should do so, if they have the best interests of the colonies at heart. 