W.A. CYCLING CLUB. CHAMPIONSHIP MEETING. The above club held a very succersfnl meeting on Saturday last, on the W.A. Cricket Association Ground. The day was all that could be desired for out-door sports Although the attendance of the public was not xip to last year, there was nevertheless a large number present, and the fact that the majority of our prominent cyclists were engaged in the races gave promise of good sport. The committee are to be congratu ted on having made several improvements ' this year. The greatest fault of this ground, from an outsider's point of view, is the absence of a pavilion, but it is hoped by next year that a suitable structure will be erectel In the meantime, the Committeo of the Cycling Club, in order to provide the necessary accommodation for lady visitors erected a temporary building, which an swered its purpose admirably. It was well iilled by the fair sex throughout the alternoon. and tho vanns ™ni/i r,Q ^^^^a fioin start to finish with comfort. Tho band of the M.R.V. played selection of music diu ™S ™« '* te''-°n, linclei- tho leadership of Mr T. Bryan, and the general arrangements ot the committee wore satisfactory The following gentlemen officiated at the meet ing:— Judges, Messrs. J. C. H. James and Ueo. Leako; timekeepers, Messrs. A C Cook and T. Carter; Starter, Mr. c' f' Eveston ; lap takers, Messrs. R. H. Barrett and H. MeKernan ; referees, Messrs. 3. J. Rowe and Frank Wilson; clerks of course.] Messrs. S. J. Chipper and H. Sadler; Bugler, Mr. A. E. Thurston ; Iiandicappers, Bicycle Races— Messrs. C. I'. Eveston and S. J Rowe ; Flat Races— Mr. J. Hayden. The following is the result of the events run off :— One Mile Maiden Scratch Race. First Heat.— C. H.' Carrick, 1; J. E. Har wood, 2; II. H. Bolton, 3. Won easily, lnree starters. Second Heat.— A. F. Beid ermann, 1 . P. J. Sullivan, 2. Two started. W Inlc - running alongside his oponent, Sul livan fell and was out of the race. Final Heat — Leideriuaim and Carrick came out for the final, odds of 3 to 1 being laid on the latter. It proved a capital match, Beider lime, 3 nun. 13 3-oths sees. A protest was sustained agfunstthe winner, whosemachine Srt01'? beW tlie stipulated weight, and Carrick was awarded the first J)l*iZG. 120 Yauds Flat Race Handicap. The first heat was won by H. Brown (3 yards) ; the second by H. Vallentine (8 yards) ; while J. Ochiltree (li yards) had a walkover m the third heat. Final —Ochil tree, 1; Vallentine, 2; Brown, 3. A very close finish, the favorite winning oil the tape. Time, 12 3-5th sees. Three Mile Handicap Bicycle Race. In this race, out of 15 entrants 14 took then- places on the track. R. J. Brown, tho scratch man was made a warm favorite, and rode splendidly from the start, but it soon became obvious that the task was too severe Duncan, Rose, and several who starred close up to the limit, keeping the scratch man hopelessly distanced. °Rose assumed the lead while there was yet a good portion of the journey to travel, and maintained it until, getting in the straight for home, Duncan spurted finely and wheeled past the post some 15 yards ahead, the third man being 100 yards; away. Result.— L. Duncan (150 yards), 1 ? W.C. Rose (300 yards), 2; W. M.Atkins (500 yards), 3. Time, 8min. 58 2-5th sees. One Mile Youths' Bicycle Race. Some half dozen youths turned out for this race, some of whom rode in first rate style. S. F. L. Hussey, from tUe scratch, was Jieaviiy handicapped, and never had a ghost of a show, tho three riders furthest away at the start nover allowing him to appreciably decrease the intervening space; in fact, Dean, the winner, increased if any thing the distance between himself and the scratch' man, and rode remarkably well. Resiut :— E. A. Dean (400 yards), 1 ; Jos. Kelly (400 yards), 2; H. Baiiey (450 yards), 3\. Time, 4 min. 34 3-5ths sac. One Mile Championship op W.A. The five entrants— F. A. Thomas, R. J. Brown, C. Dent, L. Duncan, and J. E. Har wood — started in this event.. Thomas was first favorite, going out at G to 4 on. Har wood at once took the lead, the space being very not. Thomas then caiue into second place, and only a few inches separated the two front men for some time. Brown,Dun can and Dent were following in tho order named. At the beginning of the las!: round, Thomas fell back beaten, and Brown made an effort but failed. Harwood, riding splendidly, came away at a terrific pace, and won a grand race in the fast time of 2 min. 42 sees. Result : — J. E. Harwood ? 1 R.J. Brown ? 2 u. .uuncan ? a C. Dent ? 0 F. A. Thomas ... -.- ? 0 The win of Harwood was not a popular one, although the performance was a re markably good one. Considering the man ner in which he rode in the Maiden Race, the reversal of form was adversely com mented on by many present, and it is prob able some explanation .will be demanded by the club. Champion Football Deop Kick. A somewhat iminteresting exhibition re sulted in Farrington, whose name did not appear in the printed list of competitors, winning with a fine drop kick, of 62 yards, the best of three tries. Champion Football Place Kick. This event was slightly more interesting than the previous one, J. Scrymgour winning wirn tnree goais, irom tour at tempts, F. D. North being second with two out of f our. Ladies' Bracelet (Two Miles.) Out of a total of sixteen entries, 15 took the track. W. M. Atkins, the limit man, was never headed, though W. C. Rose made a grnnd spurt at the finish, but came too late, failing to get nearer than fifteen yards to the leader, while, a little further off, Duncan was third. The excellent chance which the latter appeared to have was un fortunately marred by an accident, caused by Salkilld falling immediately in front, by which ho lost fully the distance that separated him from the winner at the finish. Result : Miss Moore ns. W. M. At kins (350 yds.), 1 ; Miss Brough ns. W. C. Rose (200 yds.), 2; Miss Carrick ns. L. Dun can (100 yds), 3. Time, 5 mins. 45 sees. 1 OC\ 'V* 1 1-T\C« TTtttitit ti 'Pi r%T% First Heat.— C. Y. Simpson (scratch), 1- W. L. Green (3 yards), 2 ; P. Ives, (10 yards) 0; W. F. Elliott (10 yards), 0. Second Heat. — H. Brown walked over. Final. — Simpson, 1 ; Brown, 2. Won by three yards. Time, 19 sees. Five- mile Club Race. Out of ten entries, ,six started. Atkins- the limit man; led until last lap, when Duncan passed him, increasing his lead until some SO yards separated them at the finish, a similar space occurring between the second man and Brown. Result: — L. Duncan (325 yards), 1 ; W. M. Atkins (750 yards), 2; R. J. Brown (100 yards), 3. Time, 14 min. 4 3-5ths sec. Iinal Bicycle Handicap, one mile and a half. Ten names figured on the programme, for this event, but only four competitors turned out. Harwood and Rose made the pace at the start, but after - going three parts of the journey the former retired, and Carrick and Rose were left to cope with Cooper, who managed with .the as sistance of a big start to keep ahead until bue last lap, wnen a superior machine and splendid riding overcame the former, Car rick getting home 150 yards ahead of his man. The other two fell out. Result :— C. H. Carrick (250 yards) ... 1 J. H. Cooper (350 yards) ... 2 The sports were on the whole very suc cesful, a result largely due to the untiring exertions of the hon. secretary, Mr. T Hutchinson. 