CURRENT TOPICS. Does it never occur to " authority " that thcro is something ludicrous about our street-cleansing? Two o'clock in the morn ing sees the gangs of Bweepers out, Badly disturbing tiie reposo of all light-sleeping folks in city hotels and coffee palaces. By 8 o'clock their work is done, and the streets are tolerably (only tolerably) clcr.n. But thon begins another business of pollu tion. From 8 to 9 tho sweepers arc busy in all tho shop9, stores and hotels, and out como all the accumulations of desiccated filth to the pavement, the gutter, the street, there to bo lifted by the wind, and to float about in the air we breathe the wholo day long. Surely it is not necessary. Evon in hotels business is supposed to close at 11 sharp, nud hot ween 11 and 2 there should bo ample time for sweeping out. The whole of each day's rubbiah might then bo removed, nnd city folk make a fairly clean and healthy start. Corporation bylaws, wo believe, insist in all shop-sweeping being completed by 8, but folks who have to walk George or Pi it streets, even as late as a quarter to 9, aro often met by brooms and buekots aud a blast of atmosphere so fully charged as to suggest mani fold iufectiou. There are various ways of coding such difficuluos as this. The first and simplest would bo to insist on tho midnight sweeping, but if this is in any way awkward or expen sive cannot tho doors be closed till all the swooping is over, and tho rubbish then bo carried out and dopositod in the ordorly boxes ? Tho presont system is dis gusting and inconvenient, and fraught with as much menace to hoalth as to comfort. a time comos evon in the careers of tho groat mon of tho world when it behoves them to accept hints of the decay of mental power, and to retire into that quietude wherein life, perhaps, is best closed. Some fow of the vory select cirole of heroes are sound all through, even to the very end. MoLTKK died with mental power absolutely unimpaired. Bismarck sulks in his tents but no man doubts his sanity. Old man Gladstone is still tho strongest man of the Empire! Good old Sir George Grey, however, whom wo should desire to cstoom and remember at his best, becomes sadly erratic as years increase on him. Stories of erotic tendencies used to be common enough in tho days when the re tired Governor made a terrestrial paradise of his island of Ohau. But even at that period Sir George never displayed such a pro clivity for tho sex as is shown in his latest proposal with regard to the Legislative Council of New Zealand. He would indeed reform it altogothcr, and on such linos as were never heard of in the world before. Ont should go all the greybeards, out all the newly- fledged labor members, and in their otead should bo a community of ladies. Not a male thing amongst them except Sir George himself, may be, as president. And what sort of a picture would thero bo in the honorable House wheti the aged knight, somewhat after tho fashion of Buntiiorne, was led to the chair. Only, it is to bo feared, there would be breezes anon. Even Gawain could not find everlasting content in his pavilion of merry maidens. There rose a wind and blew them all about. And many a wind would certainly arise if ever tho collective beauty of New Zealand should fill that chamber of revision. Tho matter is absurd and impossible of courso but coming at the close of such a career as Sir Guorge Grey's it is pitiful also. Old Major Pendennis asserted that there should in England, aB in all properly mauaged countries, be convents or some places of tho sort for the control of unman ageable girls. New Zealand seems to in struct us that some moans aro necessary for proper dealing with ancient statesmen who in senility persist in wrecking their own fame and making the State contemptible. 'We do sadly want a speaking voice in England. One after another detractors of our fame arise aud blaspheme against us with fulness of spleen and out of a pro fundity of ignorauco which makes their utterances ridiculous to all people reason ably well informed on colonial affairs. But uii„ fortunately even a tolerable kno wledgeof Aus tralia is not common in England. Men who iu Australia occupied very mediocre positions get to Loudon and achieve some sort of fame, but not by fighting any battle for tho land they left. Agent-Generals wo have also, bat som ohow when . critics, string as virulent, arise there is nobody to make for lis aiiy effo'ctive reply. We have a Mr. Hooan in tho British Parliament, and by reason of his connection with the press hero Mr. Hogan should bo sufficiently well in- formed to make answer to tho slanderers, but Mr. Hogan, like Mr. Henniker Heaton, seoms chiefly employed in oflorls towards magnifying his own fame, iu babbie about Australian parties in tho House of Commons, and anything but placing facts before tho public in such fashion as to command attention and bring about tho convictions we desire. Our Agent- General has, beyond all doubt, been a faith ful eervant to the colony, and a very kindly host and competent courier to all Aus tralians visiting tho old land. But was thero not a difference when only f or a few months Sir George Dibbs fought for his colouy in the high places of tho old world ? He spoko right out, and always on business linos. Ha was not con cerned with Aurora vases, or the elements of Nirvana, or with billiards and bishops in the Athentoum Club, but he made tho possi bilities aud the sureties of Australia known amongst tho statesmen and the financiers of Europe, aud that suroly is what we require from those who aro very well paid aud very highly placed as our representatives at home. It would bo- unjust to place Sir Henry Parkes exactly in the same category with Sir George Grey, yet in the light of somo of his latest- utterances ho verges closely on n . The last drear mood Of envious sloth and proud decrepitude. Ho seems to understand pretty clearly that the colony is not going to entrust itself agaiu to his guidance, and so, in the impo tence of unavailing opposition, lashes out at tho men who aro working. Tho peculiar feature, however, of the hon. gentleman's latest address is the supreme abnegation expressed, the absolute willingness to make any renunciation, if so he can render himself ncceptabletoamajority of thoeleotors. "I am quite prepared," said ho "entirely to re- viow and recast my views with regard to the public estate." If ho had only arrived at such a conclusion a quarter of a century ago wo might have now been in possession of a public estate sufficient to satisfy tbo most suspicious of our creditors, wo might have had doublo our present population settled, not oamped, on tho land. But Sir Henry Parkes' renunciation comes all too late. It is the fag and the trull, of whom he is wearied, that ho resigns, and not tho beautiful bride of his political youth, A very great deal, if not all, of Sir Henry Parkes' popularity in the colony was owing to the magnificent bribes he was enabled to offer to tho various constituencies out of tho proceeds of tho sold or squandered lands. In times of emergency he, of course, oould raise a ICiatna ghost, or movo in the direction of a North Shore bridge, but generally ho trusted in tho free hand and tho fall purse maintained by nbsulute hypothecation of the public estate. Now that is all over, aud "I will repent," says ho, and review and recast to any extent you may demand. Doubtless it will bo woll for him to review and recast in many ways, but as a measure of reasonable penitence for wrongs douo, and not with a view of rehabilitating himself in the publio esteem. 