The Storyteller. KOSITA»S DOWER. ST THIS AUTHOR OF ' 8PKMBKH H WlPK,' ' A TWtBTKD tilNK,' ' THIS LKAI-' AND THK IlLOHHOM,' &c.;, (Continued front IVedHrndny'* itmie.) CHAPTER XIV.— (Confmiwtd.) ?? The lightning frightens my poor Solim,' ?aid llosita, trying to soothe the creature with voice and hand, ** A Alio lime in which to he hindered by tho pranks of a vicioun brute!' criod her father. 11 Flog him into subjection— flog him, I say l' 'Had you not boiler dismount, madam?' asked a manly voice, on the sido furthest from Dir. rvaaaie. *? u you win rme my norse, i can change the saddles in a minute, and Brownie is used to braving all weathers.11 ' Nonsense !' Hosila's father interposed. ' I'll have no«uoh foolish exchanges. The beast's caprices must and shall be conquered I Keep your seat, child. You can ride well enough when you like.' He had ncarccly spoken when another vivid flash nf lightning streamed across the darkling heavens, and the blinded horse reared so wildly that if llosita had not been a practised horse* woman, she must have l-ecn thrown. But even tben all might have been well— for the create re hand would have restored it to its wonted docility—if Mr. Esdale had not forgotten all the dictates of prudence in his rage. Shifting his hand from the butt to the lash'of his whip, he brought the handle down on the head of the animal with savage force. It reeled — Rosita shrieked, and then, wavering from the grasp Harold Dare made at the young lady's rein, with one tremendous bound the borse dashed away, disappearing with its rider in the intense darkness that enveloped the forest-like scenery the party were traversing. Rosita did not lose her presence of mind, though her heart died within her as the creature continued to bound madly on, defying her efforts to check it. That its furious course could not last long on such rough ground, she was well aware ; but whether they should both be flung headlong over a precipice, or her own brains dashed out against some of the over hanging boughs that had already deprived her of her hat, was a doubtful question. Bending over the neck of the panting horse, she strove to pray ; but her pale lips refused to utter the words. ' She began to feel dizzy and breathless with the speed at which ehe was borne along; then she felt, rather than heard, that some one was following, and hope began to revive. She tried to cry out— to ejaculate the words, ** Papa, is it you ? Oh, save me!' but they were lost in another deafening peal of thunder. What happened then, she scaroely knew. She had disengaged her foot from the stirrup, her skirt, from the crutch of her saddle ; and when her steed backed and reared in his terror, ehe was tlung to the ground, losing her senses in the fall. When Rosita recovered consciousness, some one was supporting her in his arms, and en treating her to 6peak His tones were hoarse and tremulous, and she could feel that he was quivering in every limb, as if her long stupor had terribly alarmed him. tier enoixs to raise nerseu anu examine uie features of this person tended to reassure him ; and, breathing a fervent ejaculation, he besought her to tell him what injuries ehe had received. 44 I don't know; I don't think I am much hurt ; but I am stiff and sore. Ah ! and my arm pains me dreadfully. Is it broken ? Papa — where is papa? Let me go to bim !' *' Pray do not attempt to move. Your friends must be searching for you in all directions, and will soon be here. Till then, you are safe with me. I am a corporal in the regiment to which Mr. Esdale is attached. Hark ! unless my ear deceives me, I can hear the sound of a horse's hoof. Some one i6 coming already. Perhaps » is ne: Bosita listened. The rain was pouring down in such sheets of water, that her light habit would have been drenchcd if her protector had not drawn her into i the shelter afforded by some broad-leaved giant of the forest; and it was only in a momentary lull that the sounds Harold described became audible. ' Perhaps its only my poor Selim still gallop ing wildly on that you hear.' Harold did not tell her that not a stone's throw from where they stood there was a deep pool, into which the animal had undoubtedly fallen ; but placing the young lady on one of the projecting roots of a tree, he stepped out of the shadow to reconnoitre. The 60unde- were drawing nearer : invectives on the rain, the darkness, the tangled under growth, etc., were heard with the heavy tread of the horse, till Harold checked them by the in* quiry : *' Who coines ?' ' Is it yourself or your ghost that's asking?' | was the answering query. | 'Don't be a fool, Mike, but come hither quickly.' | ' Ah ! then I know it's yourself by the civil statement you're giving me, and it's not coming I am. 'Tisn't afther you I've been riding and perilling ray bones, but the young lady.' ' Miss Esdale is here, ana she is hurt,' said Harold impatiently. Will you come to her assistance ?' 41 And isn't it coming, I am - what there is ft of me ? for the half of my head's been clean swept off by one of them limbs of trees, and nothing left but the aching of it. Where are you ? How shall I see where to find ye when it's so black dark, tliat I don't know whether my eyes are open or shut?' 44 Will you leave off clustering ?' cried the vexed Harold, as the noisy Irishman rode up, for llosita joined him, and was eager to be guided from the sombre forest. She could not repress another moan of pain when, her arm was oocidentally touched ; end Harold, after con vincing himself that her wrist was dislocated, took off his sash and contrived a sling. Then a discussion— partly carried on in a whisper — took place Imtween the soldiers as to tbe best course to pursue. The forest was in tricate and difficult to thread in the day, whilst at night it also abounded with dangers to which Harold dreaded to expose tbe delicate girl. 44 If Miss Esdale will permit me to seat her on my horse, and will trust herself to my guid ance,' the young man eventually Baid, ' 1 believe I can propose a better plan than returning to the spot where she left her friends. I have frequently explored this part of tho country, and know of a bridle-path not a stone's-throw hence, that leads directly to the Point. While we ascend this path, Michael can ride hack to Mr. Esdale and assure him of his daughter's safety, and that he will find her at the fort.' ( Before Rosita who naturally hesitated to place herself so entirely in the hands of a stranger, could announce her decision, Michael Tierney leaped into his saddle, crying : 41 I'll do it— -I'll do it!' Sure, it's^ yourself that's got the clearest head of the pair of us. I'm off, man— I'm off !' 44 Pray, recall him,' cried llosita, uneasily. 41 1 would rather crclurn to papa, Why annot I do so?' *4 Because it will involve considerable delay and more fatigue to yourself. However it shall be as you please. I inn at your orders' His grave tone, inspired her with confidence) and, after a moment's consideration, she said, frankly: . 44 Kay, I prefer to trust to your 'hotter judg ment ; only let us be speedy, for I am much ex hausted.' In ft moment the strong anus of the young man had lifted her on to her saddle, and hewa6 walking beside hnr, ready with eye and hand to avert any danger that might menace his precious charge. Little did ltoaita dream that the stal wart soldier, who never spoke, save to briefly answer a question or to say a reassuring word when some sound in the bushea alarmed her, was thrilling with gladness at tho strange chance that enabled him to bo of servioe to her— to touch her hand, her dress, and, whenever tho road was very rough, to support her in her pre carious seat. Fortunately, the rain censed as suddonly as it had commenced, and the sky bocanie clearer; the horse too, climbed tho steep path as steadily as if it were a broad highway. Up and up they went, winding through a tangle of creeping ? flfuitb »nd underwood, io draw, tb»t even if it had been broad daylight, -Roilta would not have | been able to see many pwes before her. On two i-r three oookslons HaVhatd her firmly on her saddle, cbeckod the pace ot his horso, and scaroely seemed to draw broath while they tra versed a dangerous piece of tho road. The seoond time ho did this, llosita planoed over his shoulder and then clung to him, shuddering violently, for she had discerned in that mo mentary glance that the; were on tho verge of a tremendous precipice — a aheor declivity, tool fearful to be contamnlated unmoved. I ' For Heaven's sake, sit still 1' the young man murmured. 44 Three stops more, ana you are safe.' ' Ah, why did you bring me this fearful rood ?' she exclaimed when his sigh of relief told her that tho danger was ovor. ' Because a tiger haunts that part of tho jungle we must have orossed, and I was afraid for you. Keen up your spirits ; as soon as we have passed this jutting crag you will oe able to see the lights at the fort.' It was weloome news, tor between pain and fatigue, llosita began te feel as it she should not be able to keep her seat much longer. But at the last they stood on level ground ; a whisper from Hal sent a lad to the bungalow of Captain Robins' lady to acquaint her with the arrival of one ot her guests, and, junt as she was welcoming and condoling, with the weary Rosita, I the butt of voices announced fresh arrivals, and . Mr. Esdale, having spared neither whip nor Bpur, rode up. He was in a state of intense excitemcnt, whieb, however, subsided as soon as he per ceived that hia daughter bad not met with any serious injuries. Dismissing her to the apart ments prepared for her use, and promising to follow in a few minutes and reduce the dislo cation of her wrist, he renewed his acquaintance with the meek little Captain. i *' By-the-by,' Harold heard him say, when he had ended a ludicrous description of their adventures, 41 1 must make some return to the fellows who rode after my daughter and rescued her from her awkward predicament. Who were they?' ' Micnael Tierne.v, rode after tne young lady, said Harold, promptly, as the Captain turned to question him ; and Michael was called for ward. 'To drink the young lady's health,' said Mr. Esdale, dropping Bome coins into the Irish man's hand. 'But there were two of you. Where's your comrade ?' Mike was going to point him out ; but Harold's warning gesture stopped him. 'Sure, sir he's somewhere about,' he an swered, staring vacantly over the heads of the gentlemen. 44 So I suppose. What's his name ?' Again that admonitory gesture made Michael pause and scratch his head. ' Faith, sir, my senses were in such a con fusionment, what wid not being able to see one minute for the clouds, and the next minute for the thunder and lightning, that I could not take upon myself to say whether it was Ned Smith, on Thady Byrne, or ? ' But here Mr. Esdale interrupted him : ' I suppose you mean that there were half a dozen of you there, and that you think the whole of tbem are entitled to be rewarded. You're wide-awake, Mr. Michael Tierney. Be off with you, and divide this amongst your I friends.' I ' If I wasn't bound in honour to do the gen- I ueiuuu is uiuwuKf »?«« iuiuhs mic iuk, * « you the most ilegant thrashing you ercr had io your life, Mr. Harold Dare !' growled Michael in his ear, as Captain Robins and the surgeon moved away. ' What did you mane by making your signs at me, and putting the lies into my mouth what I were ashamed of spaking ?' ' Only this : that I did not want Mr. Esdale's thanks for what I did.' ' Sure, 'twasn't many of them he wasted on anybody. Here's tbe money he gave me ; 'twas more yours than mine, so take it.' But Harold contemptuously rejected the gift. ' Not 1 1 Spend it— throw it away ; do what you like with it ; it's all the same to me.' Michael stared at him, and then shook his head gravely. ' Throw away your silver coins ! Haven't ye | had any bringing up at all that ye never learnt i the sin of wasting money? Throw it *ii cay, | when there's bitter beer from the ould country W oe iiaa in tne vanveea, ie*. aiuue mjuic ui miu primest whisky for toddv ever tasted out of Clonmel t Not t indeed 1' Michael marched off in search of his friends ; but Harold lingered near the officer's bungalow till he succeeded in learning that Miss Esdale had borne the setting of her wrist, with great fortitude, and had fallen asleep. Yes, under the same bright stars, fanned by the same soft western breeze, llosita lay sleep ing. He should see her again ; or, if that joy was forbidden him, he had recollections of that moment in which her beautiful head lay on his I breast, and he had dared to press her passion I ately to his heart — recollections of whieh no one ' could deprive him. CHAPTER XV. KlUEls'lJLT ADMONITIONS. ' And so you played the prtux chewtlier the other ni£ht!' said Woodleigh, the first time he found himself with Harola in tbeir favourite re treat after the arrival of the party from the plainB. 44 Bisked your neck, they bave been telling me in a mad ride after a runaway damsel. I don't wonder at your letting Mike Tierney take the credit of the action. It was too Irish to do you any credit.' Harold's eyes flashed. ' Was there anything discreditable in trying to save the life of an innocent, helpless girl? lieally, Woodleigh, unless I knew that your own acts are at variance with your bitter, unfeeling speeches, I should set you down as a thorough savage.' ' And I should fael flattered if you did, for there's more sincerity in the veriest cannibal of the Feejee Isles than in the contemptible, scheming, heartless animal you dignify with the name of a civilised man.' ' Bosh !' said Harold, half laughing in spite of his annoyance. 44 If you really thought what you say, you would have gone to your friends at Feejee long sincc.' ' Seeing that I am a soldier, and not my own master, that is bosh also, my lad. Besides, ray preference of savage virtues over civilised vices doesnt lead me to offer myself as a dainty dish to the man-eaters. So it was Esdale's daughter you rode after. Bah ! I sbouldnothave abused your recklessness so much if the lady had been more worthy the trouble you took for her.' 14 Not a word against Itosita Esdale, unless you wish to quarrel with me,' said Hal, hotly. ' I knew her when she was a little more than a child, and no man shall speak rudely of her in my presence.' ' There's a little stream of water trickling from the rock yonder,' Woodleigh coolly told him. 44 Dip your handkerohief in it, my lad, and cool yourself. I'll not offend again now I know how the land lies. Why, you're a fool, Harold Dare!' he added, suddenly changing his careless moking tone to one of anger and invec tive— 'an ass! — an idiot, in spite of your thews and sinews, and tbe brain that ought to make a ? e ...... ...Iia the value of a fair face, and schemes upon it, will throw his handsome daughter away on a firivate eoldier ? No, of course you don't. You lave heard that she is a betrothed to another, and yet you are ready to fight for her— die for her. What sickly sentimentality! I'm ashamed of my pupil. I'm ready to join the laugh at his expense tuat will be heard on all sides t^hon this is known.' Mad with rage Harold sprang upon the jeer ing speaker, grappled him by the throat, and bore him backwards ; but as instantly released him, and turned moodily away ' I am indebted to you,' he panted, ' or else you should suffer for this; but I will not bear such taunts from anyone else, so beware of the consequenoes if you do expose me to further ridicule ; and for your own part, you'd best avoid met' But Woodleigh, who had nicked himself up, more amused than annoyea at the violonoe with which ho had been used, threw himself before the angry young man, and prevented bis departure. 41 This is the word and the blow system, isn't it ? The blow first and the word after. Come, lad, after nearly knooking mo off tho 6ide of the hill, you can afford to forgive me. On inv honour, I'll vex you no more— on that subject,, all events. What ! Hal, do you really refuw your hand to one who *hasn't another soul to oare for him save yourself ? You may hurl mo down on mother earth if you will, but don't fling me ha :Ai into the dreary isolation from my kind that I had fallon into when I first knew you.' {To be continued in Wednesday^ Ukiu,) 