BS08ILMD 10 i fCOFrEIGHT.! Natures Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY A Til. /I WESTBDRY. \- CHAPTER VIII. — Continued. ii man can slide into ruin if lie is bent upon it just as easily as a lad can pass down a smooth plank after the manner of a ttoukev. My friends introduced me to a money lender, who, for a considera tion, took my note of hand, and supplied me with what cash I wanted. Luck wa6 against me always. It mattered not with whom I played ; the loans I received melted away like wax. One day I received astern, peremptory letter from my father, commanding me to return home. I paid no heed, but went my own wild, sinful way to ruin. How did the end come? It seems to me now only as the remembrance of some horrid nightmare when I try to disentangle con fused. phantasmagoria. I know I had been . drinking heavily— drink in any shape had hitherto been as so much poison to me, but I took it greedily now to still conscience. From the feverish desire to retrieve my losses X had passed on to a careless, callous indifference. While money was supplied to me I took it, and did not trouble how or when it should be paid hack. It was only when the source stopped — dried up, that the awakening came. I remember it was a dark night in February that I found myself moping all aloue in a small retreat, a sort of shrubbery, adjoining the villa at Hawks- nest. I had lost a large sum of money ; I do not know how much, and had given a bill at sight, on my father, the General. -My mind was a chaos, a conflicting hell, wherein one huge. black shadow stretched its blighting wings between me and the stain. Tbe shape was self destruction. Yes, above the walled gloom around, that one thought took shape like a streak of light in a raven thundercloud. Sitting fcyuiijjsinjjyiiidsinmgthemng the terri- I oounieloct!iyun?RRimrniined . " What ! leave your devoted swain, Mr Ashford, to mourn your absence," ha cried with mock solemnity. I saw ILiah Barjew draw herself from his embrace, and straighten her figure to its full height. " No more of this nonsense," she cried, stamping her little foot in sudden passion. " What have I to do with such a foolish featlier-braiu as this boy. Do you think it possible that I, ihe daughter of Ratazki Barjew, swindler, rakehell, ihe polished rock of society, could entertain one seri ous thought ou such a green-headed fool, save for the purposes for which we use such as lie. Bah ! the hawk and the dove cannot mate." Fnrffire mtv Tiia.li T slisl ioof he cried, again enfolding her. "Why not come with ine to Melbourne ?" " Ah, why not ?" she answered, in a voice that shook with strong emotion. " You have all that a woman such as I can give yon — love. In it you have a talisman, which makes me your willing slave, Jocelyn, for ever. Take me where you wili ; but beware you deceive me not. I am of that disposition which does not submit to wrong tamely". Be led her out with soothing words, his arm round her waist. I have no idea how long I sat in that retreat. Motion, feeling, life itself seemed suspended within me. The cup of bitterness was full and overflowing If I had not been held spellbound with amazement J would have struck this woman dead at the feet of her paramour. I had 110 power to back the strong will. Like the somnambulist who retires to his soft couch and wakes up to find himself on some dangerous peak or chasm, I found myself at that moment when the scales fell from my eyes. In one single moment of time a man may experience that which crowds itaeif into a lifetime. As I write now, after those years, the old horror comes back to me, and I have to lay down my pen until it has passed. Christ, pity and strengthen all those who are weak and are tempted. That one shadow which I hugged in my dark hour still pointed the way to me, and I followed it. It pointed to a re volver hung over the fireplace in my bed room at Glencourt. It was still ni-ht when I reached home. I had not been there for months, nor had I answered the many letters sent to me, I reached my room stealthily, took down the weapon, loaded it carefully, and liid it in my bosom. As 1 crept cautiously along the corridor, on my way out of the' house" a door opened suddenly, and the General stood before me. " So," said he, sternly, " it is you! Temple Ashford, rogue, gambler, thief, crawling into my house like a burglar in the dead of night ! You whom 1 have loved, and who I imagined would preserve tbe honor of an old and untarnished name, liave blackened and dragged it through the mire. Begone, wretch ! You are no longer a son of mine ! Hence ! before I kill you. Strip yourself of that which yon are not worthy to bear — my name and never let me look upon you again— g" Without a word I obeyed, still follow ing the shadow that led me, I walked on ward full of one thought. Dawn came and the day grew on, and when evening fell it found me in a solitary ravine on the eastern shore of the lake. I had no idea of time, or light, or darkness, for this jetf same shape of destruction had me thoroughly in its grasp. It seemed to mock at life with its sharp agonies, and pointed the way ont of it. A spasm, and it was done. I pointed the weapon at iwy heart, when lo ! another shadow came Xetween me and the tempter, and stayed «uy damnable purpose. The shadow and Arm and substaucs of a woman, with a paie, melancholy face, which looked down upon me with a world of sympathy in her toving eyoa. — Grasping the revolver she wrenched it from my hand, and threw it into the deep waters at our feet. Then she spoke. " Foolish boy. Would you kill your soul as well as your body," she said. ' Who are you 1" " A woman whose years fit her- for your mother, and whose sufferings out balance- yours a hundred fold. Oh, wicked, unhappy youth," she cried. " I have seen you with the villains in yonder den, and I watched you, for I saw that it would come to this in the end." The shadow was still with me, and I answered sullenly, — " Enough madam ; leave me to myself. A wretch such as I is not fit to live." " Hush," pleaded the soft voice ; ."pain and sorrow are sometimes the ministers" by which we are purged bffoUy anil sin. I, like you, have seen the black gulf, out of which came a devil to lure me to per dition. I had a treasure on which my whole heart was fixed. Mine was a proud heart ; and the treasure was taken from ine, kg that I might see the beauty of humility." " Who are you ?" " I am Elsie Black. God help me. Night after night, while full of another purpose, I have watched you going head long yonder whither villains led you ; and while I watched, to me came the thought that if I could only lead you back out of the darkness into the sunlight again, Heaven would bless my effoit, and restore my treasure to me." I cannot say how the fiend went out of me at this poor creature's pleading. In her accents my dead mother seemed to speak to me from the world of spirits, and my heart was melted, the dread shape exorcised. Mrs Black took me to her house. Hera the strain upon my nerves gave way, and I lay in a dangerous fever, through which I was carefully nursed by my noble hostess and her servant. With health and strength came the resolve to atone for my past wickedness. No more Temple Ashford, but Temple Vane. "Vane, the maiden name of my poor dead mother, should be mine until I had redeemed myself — until I had paid back the money I had lost at Hawks- uest. And now a gleam of light falls softly on me as I pen these words. Mrs Black, my benefactress, is here beneath the same roof with me, but she does not recognise me in he altered conditions of my life. I ikw'her kind eyes grow dim to-night, and turn thoughtfully my way as they sang,— " Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear ; He will better grow and stronger Father dear." Have I 'grown better and stronger through those -long, long years of lonely exile ? Am I strong enough to say, " I will arise and go to my Father ! With my Heavenly Father's blessing I will." CHAPTER IX. AH OLD FACE WITH A HEW MASK. It is night — a night that does not pre sent itself many times during the summer season in Maoriland. The moonlight glimmers on rock and chasm, on tree and shrub, and on the wide, dusty Great South road leading to Otago. With the privilege of the novelist we must leave those of oar characters at Pinefalls under the tender care and hos pitality of Major Weldon and his family while we draw aside the curtain, and re veal some others who have prominent parts in this serio-comedy of actual life. Across the uplands and the ragged slopes, shimmering under the moon's rays, long shadows lie, mingled with a pale, flitting light, which shifts from ridge to ridge, and then is gone like a ghost, leaving the landscape ribbed with bars of gloom. Out on the western ridce. benrincr st-a- ward, and fully twenty miles distant, Ihe lights of Taurangaare clearly discern ible. Right and left, as far as the sight can pierce, the shadows of thick forests stretch, like black garments, awaiting the magic touch of the Bun to change them into the green and golden glory of New Zealaiid'ioliage. In among their embowered darkness, lonely even in the night, flicker and shine the many lights of a large mansion, and from whose open windows there comes at (itful times the faint echo of music, which reaches the lonely, dusty road. It comes like a lost voice calling into the night for some solitary, wandering spirit, for whom it had wearied and waited long. 1 As if in obedience to the mournful call, limping slowly within its echo comes a wayfarer, so gaunt and ghastly that it needed but one touch of m$pnlight to change him into a ghost. His tattered coat, and the pale face above it, bathed in the ivan glimmer, had a weird, unearth ly look. Again a soft refrain rushed across the kauri trees and into the highway, where the vagrant wayfarer stood and shivered. He started as though a living voice had called him by name. ' I am coining — coming," he said, hur riedly. Then muttering a low, fierce oath on his folly, sat down to reBt him self. He had hardly slid down upon a heap of debris at his feet when a sharp voice called out, — " Halloa, man ! do you want to be run over ? Get out- of the way ; my horse evidently does not like you." The tramp rose slowly, but kept in the shadow of the tall ferns, which hereabouts grew taller than the fence. From his vantage ground he scanned the well-ap pointed vehicle of the newcomer, his high stepping horse, and lastly his handsome face, on which the moonlight fell with a cold glitter. " Look here my man," he cried, " there s a gate about here somewhere ; find it for me, and holjl it open, and there's half -a, -crown for your trouble." " I know nothing about your gates ; I'm a stranger here," cried the other, roughly. " A stranger, eh ? Never mind, you have eyes, and know a gate when you see one," responded he in the trap, trying to soothe Ilia horse, which was becoming restive. " I know nothing about it," muttered the man on foot, shriuking further back into the ring of gloom shrouding him. An oath sprang out from the other. " Don't you see I can't get down ?" he cried, through his set teeth. " If you are not a lurking thief, you will come forth and do what 1 ask. I would not trouble you if this brute was at all man ageable. My groom — confound him — has missed ine somehow." Not the appeal, or the taunt accompany- ing it, but something in the voice of the speaker caused the weary and ragged sun downer to emerge fi„m his obscurity into the full light of the moon. He took three s' rides to tlio conveyance, and looked hard at the personage seated in " Well ! will' you find the gate for me ?" asked the other, without deigning to notice the rudeness. " Yes. Where is it ; which side of the road ?" " To the left, near yonder log." The gate was opened, and, with hat slouched over his eyes, the wanderer stood holding it as the liandsomo dogcart dashed through. Fifty yards away the vehicle was pulled up suddenly. " Thank you ! here's your money," he cried, and down came the ring of a heavy coin. " What place is this ?" asked the tramp. " Glencourt, and this road is a short cut to it," replied tbe other. "Shut the gate, and put yourself on the other side of it, my man. There are any amount of fierce dogs at Glencourt, and they are by no means partial to tramps." "Is that Glencourt away yonder with all the lights gleaming through the win dows queried the tatterdemalion. "That's it. There's a ball there to-night and I'm late, so must say ta-ta. If you're thinking of trying your luck, better do so to-morrow. You'll get nothing to night." Whistling a snatch from some opera he drives on, the dust of his wheels flying back in the face of the man holding the gate. There is a queer look on that same face as he closes the gate with a sharp snap, as if it had been the terrible jaws of some sea monster closing on its prey. The man does not even look for the money thrown to him, but limps slowly along the path the other has gone. It is a broad carriage drive, lined on either side with noble kauri pines, but it has mailv ziff-znn wimlincrg From tree to trdfe, keeping still in the gloom, he treads his way, until a turning of the long avenue brings him in view of the house. It is a large structure, the grouud be ing open about it. He can see the great gates of the lodge, and the lodge itself ablaze with light, and the road leading to it crowded with carriages. The place is fully a mile distant, but all the surroundings are plainly dis cernible. Beyond the mansion, on ths opposite side of the hedge, there is a long shrubbery, like an arcade, and lit up with Chinese lanterns and other parti-colored lights. From this there floats upon the ears of tbe wayfarer, laughter, and the low hum of many voices, with anon a strain of soft music. " What a devil of a strange world this is," mutters the tramp, talking and look ing wistfully before him. " Here have I been two whole days without a grain of food having passed my lips, and yonder the people are surfeited with dainties. I wonder what they would say if I pre sented myself, and begged a good square meal ? Bah ! I'm not on for any such foolery. I'm strong yet, and can wait. Patience is a virtue, and, ecod ! it is the only virtue left to me, since no other al ternative has been left to me but to prac tice it." He looks about, and finding a soft couch of young ferns beneath the lofty canopy of a wide spreading pine, seats himself thereon, with something like a groan of pain. " I'll stay here till morning," he con tinued in the same muttering tone, as if that kind of self colloquy was habitual to him. " There's the dog- star only a yard high. It can't be far off daylight. Ah ! it's a good thing for a man who hasn't the time of day in his fob to kuow some thing of the stars. How many long hours of the night, which if they could be totted' up would go into years, have I watched them from between the bars of my cell at Pentridge They have seemed to me just like a man's life — rising— soaring — falling — then gone from sight alto gether." His reflections seem to bring another train of thought. " I had hoped that the terrible picture of my old life had gone for ever from my inp.mnrp " no aflVfl nvaQonfltr Tha face of this mou brings back the itqly dream in all its stern reality. Why should I think of my sufferings in that dre:i(' Oil, earthly hell — Pentridge? Why ? That man brought memories that formed the connecting liuk. Humph! Jocelyn Vanborough, if that was not your voice, it was that of your ghost. Let me think." And lie lay back at full length on the fragrant ferns, with his hands clasped firmly round his head. In fitful gusts the early morning breeze brought the strains of the far-off music to his ears, intermingled betimes with a faint peal of merry laughter. Whatever might be the subject of his thoughts it took liira along timo to think the matter out. The stars had begun to pale, giving place to the purple blnsb of dawn ere he moved ; when he rose, how ever, there was a settled, fixed purpose in his eyes, and in every line ol his rugged face. " I'll do it. Yes, by the living Lord, I will," he cried, as he befit his steps to wards Glencourt." CHAPTER X. sergeant gunn. Nestling amid some of the most bold and romantic hills to be found in the whole of New Zealand, Glencourt stood pre-eminent among the few places in the province of Westlaud as the seat of Major General Ashford. The drives around the estate are charm- ming and matchless in their beauty. From the broad terrace on the south side of the building the landscape had a gradual fall, revealing glimpses of ex quisite patches of rock, river, and forest, and beyond these the waters of the South Pacific Ocean. The house and grounds have coBt their owner large Bums of money, but General Ashford is wealthy. For the most part the old officer is of a retiring disposition. His onlv daughter, Hilda, does the honors of Glencourt oc casionally, and does it with a skill be fitting one of the old Northumberland Ashford breed. The morning is gloriously fine, and es pecially so around Glencourt, the tatter demalion thinks, as he wends his way to wards the lodge. In the broad glare of day lie looks the most wretched hang-dog thief that ever left the precincts cf a prison gate. The burly, well- fed lodgekeeper, stand ing at his gate, notes the ragged tramp's approach. 15 Now then, my man, what is it ?" he cries. " If you've coniefor money this iB the wrong shop ; but if you wants a feed, well, I've 110 objections, prowidin as you e'ats your wittles here, and does a job o' work for it afterwards." " I neither want money nor food at your hands," answered : he man, gruffly, at the same time surveying the portly flunkey with contempt, "Oh, j-ou don't want money, eh? Pray, what do you want, then ?" cried the other. " What you don t seem to possess — common civility," answered the tramp, sharolv. "Ah, indeed. Here's my Lord Duke, of Rag Lane, going to leetnre on eti quette," cried the lodgekeeper, in sar castic tones. Then changing to suddon passion he said, hoarsely, " Curse you for a battered, moulty, gutter-chick; what's your business ?" " I wish to see Mr J. Vanborough ?" " Of course you do — or the man in the moon— or any other improbable person age. Now, who's Mr J. Vanborough ?" "A gentleman who came to the ball last night in a drab dog cart— came lato, and by the short cut along the ravine yonder." The lodgekeeper opened his sleepy eyes wide, and looked at -the bundle of rags before him more attentively. "Mr Jocelyn drives a dog cart, and is at the ball ; but I know of no J. Van- borough who visits here," said he. " I may have been mistaken in the name of the gentleman," replied the man. " Mr Jocelyn arrived by tbia road about eleien o'clock ?" " Justiabout that hour." " If, as you say, he is at the hall, be ' good enough to convey a message to him from me." " What message ?" " Tell him the man who opened the gate for him la3t niglit wishes to speak to him on important business." The keeper of the lodge, placing his fat thumb to hi3 rubioand nose with a knowing look, said, — " No yoa don't, old man. That game won't wash with Peter Slowcome. I have no doubt but what you are one of a gang of bushrangers come to rob the place." The tramp laughed. " Every thief thinks that his fellow is a bigger rogue than himself," he said. " If you won't carry my message, I shall easily find other means of communica tion. Good day to you." " Stop a minute. What is your name, friend ?" enquired the lodgekeeper, see ing that the tramp was moving away the road he had cotne. The other reflected a moment. " If you are inclined to take my mes sage, no name will be required." " Yes, but Mr Jocelyn may have for gotten all about your service last night." ' True ! If he has, I am content to depart without an audience." \- " Very well ; stay where you are. Ill send and see if Mr Jocelyn will receive you." He went within the lodge, and present ly a youth in buttons came forth and crossed the lawn. Within five minutes he returned with a request that the tramp be admitted. " Good luck, my friend ; you're but a poor, seedy devil at beBt," says the keeper, opening his lodge gate. Take care Mr Jocelyn doesn't pack you off to gaol for your pains." Without deigning a word in reply, but with a look of withering disdain at the speaker, . the man of tatters passed through with his limping gait, and fol lowing his conductor, entered the grand mansion. There are so many grand rooms and corridors and passages tp be passed through ere they reach the wing in which the captain is located that a change of conductors is necessary. An old grey headed personage, tall and erect as a bar of iron, and attired in the undress uni form of a dragoon, comes forward to re lieve the page. " Who is thw man ?" he askB. " A visitor for Mr Jocelyn, sergeant," answers the boy. " Good ! Right- about-face, my lad. March !" cried the sergeant, as if the page had been a squad on parade drill, and the boy, with a smile, instantly obeyed. The sergeant watches him pace the long corridor with even, military step ; then tiirnintr to tbe new-comer, snrvevs him from head to foot with unmitigated surprise. " You've been in the wars, comrade," he says, holding his head on one side and pursing up hiB niouth. " Wars ?" echoed the tramp, looking hard in turn at the man before him. " Why, yes ; I reckon I've seen service, Sergeant Gunn." At the sound of his name the old fel low drew himself up as stiff as a ramrod. " What, you know me ?" lie cried. " I do, certainly," answers the tramp. " Tom Guun, otherwise the slasher, as his comrades termed him, served twelve years in the 7th Dragoon Guards ere he was selected orderly to Colonel — now General Ashford. " ' Swords aad pistols I Who are you ?" cried the veteran when his surprise en abled him to speak. "Only a poor reprobate who fought for his country in the Crimea and in India in the ranks of the old 7th — that's all." " Hold up your head, and let me have a good look at you," said the old dragoon. ' 1 knew every man in the corps, from Sergeant Major Halsom to Bates, the trumpeter. " Can you remember my face." "No," said the old fellow, after a close scrutiny of the other's features. " I have no recollection of you. Perhaps you joined the regiment after I left it.." "Not so." replied the tramp, with a peculiar smile. "I was saddle to saddle with pour Major Denby when he was cut in two by a round shot at Balaclava ; and I remember when the melee was over binding up a certain corporal's band who had the misfortune to lose part of it, with his two fingers attached. Stretch forth your hand, sergeant, and let me look at it." The veteran laughed. " Here it is," quoth he, " or at least what the Russians left of it. You're no fraud, man, if you know these things. Allen Grange, of D. Troop, was the man who ripped the sleeve lining out of his coat to bind up my maimed hand." " I am that unfortunate fellow." "Yon!" " I, Sergeant Gunn." " Why, Grange was but a boy at that time, and you — you look fifty or more." " I have had enough hardship to make me look twice fifty," returned the tramp. "Do you recollect the 27th of August, 1857." " That was the day of the attack on Delhi." " Correct. On the evening of that day Sergeant Gnnn, with a search party, found one of his regiment amongst a heap of dead Sepoys. The man was bleeding to death front a bullet wound, which had shattered his knee." "Ah, 1 see you're the man," inter rupted the sergeant in a more kindly tone. " You were lamed for life." " For Hie," echoed the other. " I was discharged with a small pension and this limp," and he hobbled three paces along the well-carpeted . corridor and back again. "You still have the pension to fall back UDon, Granee j '- '' be Continued' W H 9 