Oar Melbourne tcrt<*r. According to Maxllirscu, who »as entertained nt a banqncfc the other evening, the days of Protection in the land nro numbered, and in the near futnro Parliaunnt will be taken possession of by a band of i ree traders. In order to push on^ with the work, a sum of £2000 is re quired, and all who have tbe ense of Freetrado at heart, are asked to give proof of their sincerity by con tributing according to their means. Jf.w, quite apart from the voxel question of Frcetrade versus Pro tection, it may be asked, “ Is tbe present the right time to make an appeal for money to assist the tree trade policy r" Parliament is about t > close its labors ami rest for a few months; no ti-eil question dis'nrhs the community; bu-ine.ss of all kinds is laboring bard against the storm ; and there is trouble all over the land. Then, why attempt no'.v to raise stiife and tariff ques tions? The battle of Frretrade against Protection will, of c-mrs*. be renewed smie d»y, and probably Mr llirsch will be in Parliament, at tbe time ; but just at present there is no sound reason fur beating the Frec tra !c cymbals. Painful evidenco of the bad times is furnished in the announcements in the “ Wanted to Sell" columns of our morning newspapers. People appear to ho getting rid, at great sacrifices, of everything they can do witlxmt. Cottage drawing- room suites, pianos, sewing-machines and articles of jewellery are advertised for sale at private residences by the j score. One person states that she ! has a piano which cost £r>5 two ' years ago for sale, and that as she is j greatly pressed for money she will accept £2fi to-day (the day she j advertised) ; another of tbe sex urges someone to buy her sewing j machine for £1 10s—“almost new j and cost £12;" and ‘‘a gentleman in distress" offers his gold watch and silver chain at a tempting sacrifice. It is only those who move among the people can form any idea of the great misery which exists in the metropolis at the present time. The Premier saw a little of the seamy side of life the other day, when he passed an hoar in the city court. Subsequently be visited tbe Itoyal Park depot, where neglected children are received prior to being sent to the Industrial Schools; an I when be returned to his office in tbe evening lie remarked, “ What I have seen and heard to-day proves the existence of a state of things that is beyond parallel." Mr Patterson is now satisfied that the question of establishing a foundling hospital must receive serious consideration in the next session o: Parliament. The crime of infanticide is increasing to an alarming extent, and something must bo done to stop it. Many well-meaning people arc strongly opposed to foundling hospitals, on the ground that they may encourage vice; but against that view there is the painful fact that almost daily in this city helpless women murder their little ones, or leave them to die in the public reserves. Society cannot look calmly on at this condition of tilings. The “ Spook " society has not j been able to capture a ghost yet, | and I hear that the council is not a I happy family. A literary gentleman j whose contributions to the press appear under the initials “ J.S.” has j c une into warm conflict with the | burly Dr ldevau ; and tbe son of I a well-known decease! philanthropist ! iu this city has had an angry tussle ! with the Her. Charles Strong, j Certain members of the council I are earnest ghost-seekers, and are | sanguine of being able to exhibit | Iialf-a-*Jozen of the class on the I platform of the Town Hall ere long, while others laugh in their sleeves as they accompany their col leagues in the search. There is one prominent gentlemen in this city (he has not giveu me permission to mention his name) who is inquiring quietly au l earnestly into the ques tion of spirit communication, and I anticipate that by and Lyo be will make bis experiences public. Ii be does, I am sure that much weight will be attached to w liat he says. The number of “Professors” in Melbourne is increasing, and the papers contain rows of advertise ments from members of both sexes who undertake to tell people all about tho future. One of the class is evidently a fellow possessed of some honesty, ss he frankly an nounces that all those who consult him “ will go away well pleased.” No intimations of e lining danger, no early bereavements, no shadows over Ilia household — everything pleasant. This man's frankness should bring to bis doors a Urge percentage of the foolish people who believe in professional seers. 