SCRIPTURE-READING IN SCHOOLS. MR. HARTLEY' OX TttK NEW 3OUTH WAI7F.H SYSTEM. The following ia the report to the Minister of Education of the Inspector- General of Schools (Mr. J. A. Hartley, B.A.. B.9c.)on Scripture-reading in fcho schools oi New South Wales :— I havo the honour ia accortlanoe with your instructions respectfully to submit the follow ing notea and observations made on my recent visit to New South Wales to enquire into the system of Scripture lessons ia the public schools of that colony. I had the advantage of an interview with the Minister of Education (Hon. F. B. Suttor) and with the Under secretary (Mr. £. Johnson). It ia hardly necessary to say that information wm freely given and every facility afforded for making personal enquiries in the schools. The teachers whom I met were* also extremely courteous and obliging, and rendered my task comparatively an easy one. A. It may be convenient in the first place to quote the sections of the New South Wales Act which relate to religious instruction in schools. They are as follows :— 1\. SECULAR ISSTUCCTIOK. Section?. Id all schools uuder this Act the teaching shall be strictly non- sectarian, but the_ words ' secular instruction' shall be held to inolude general religious teaching a3 dis tinguished from dogmatical or polemical theo logy. 2\. SPECIAL RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION*. Section 17. In every public school four 'joun during each school day shall bo devoted to secular instruction exclusively, and a portion of each day (not more than one hour) shall be set apart when the children of any one religious persuasion piay be instructed by the cleryman or other religious teacher of such persuasion ; but in all cases the pupils receiving such re ligious instruction shall be separated from the other pupils of the school. And the hour during which suoh religious instruction may be given shall be fixed by mutual agreement be tween the Public School Board in consultation with the teacher of such school and the clergy man of the district, or such other person as may be duly authorized to act in his stead ; and any classroom of any public school may be used for such religious instruction by like agree ment. Provided that if two or more clergymen of different persuasions desire to give religious instruction at any school the children of each such different persuasion shall be so instructed on different days. Provided also that the religious instruction to be so given shall in every case be the religious instruction authorized by the Church to which the clergy man or other religious teacher may belong. Provided further that in case of the non attendance of any clergyman or religious teacher during any portion of the period agreed to be set apart for religious instruction sui-h period shall be devoted to the ordinary secular instruction in such school. Section IS. Notwithstanding? anything to the contrary in the last preceding section no pupil in a public school shall be required to receive any general cr special religious instruction if the parents or guardians of such pupil object to such religious instruction being given. B. The question is further dealt with in the following regulations, which have .13 usual the force of law : — 1\. Religious View3 of Pupils or of Parents. — 148. Nothing must ever be said or done by any teacher, in a pupil's hearing or presence, calculated to offend the religious views of that pupil, or of any other in that school, or of the parents of any such pupil. 2\. Time-table. — ir-i». The time-table to be observed in the schools is the following, except that in case3 within the proviso to the pre ceding regulation the time in each instance will bo half an hour later than specified : — From !? to 10. Special religious instruction ; or, in public and provisional school?, where no religious teacher ia in attendance, ordinary in struction. :-. Special Religious Instruction. — 151. 'Where the time specified for special religious instruction 13 inconvenient some other hour may be fixed by mutual agreement between the Public School Board, the teacher, aud the person giving such instruction. ?1. rxsTitrcTioJi* ix schools. Courae of Instruction.— 1D5. The cour39 of secular instiuction, as the term is defined in the Public Instruction Act, shall be as follows for each nla»s: — Infant Department.— Scripture — Narratives and moral lesson. First Class (girls and boys). — Scripture — Narratives and moral lessons. Old Testament No. 1. Second Clase.— Scripture— I.N.B. Old Testa ment No. 1. moral lessons. Third Class. — Scripture — I.X.U. Old Testament Xo. 1, Xev Testament No. 1. Fourth Class.— Scripture- I.N.B.. whole series. Fifth Cla=s. — As for fourth c!a33. The same regulation specifies the standard of proficiency to be reached by each class ill each half-year, but this is in every case the same as in the course of instruction quoted above. The following table shows the value of marks allotted for Scripture in each class, reading, writing, and arithmetic being also stated for comparative purposes . — In- Class ;Claas I Class Class Class fant. T. II. IIL IV. V. Reading ... 1 l^O 100 ICO 100 1(X» So Writing ... ; CO CO 100 100 1(K» S- Artithmetic 10fi 100 ldO 100 10!) 100 Scripture ... : 30 SO :vj 60 CO CO 5\. The next regulations are the' Conscience Clauses.' Special Religions Instruction. — 157. No pupil is required to receive special religious instruction if the parents or guardians of such pupil object to such religious instruction being given. General Religious Instruction. — 15S. Where any parent or guardian objects to a pupil re ceiving the general religious instruction pre scribed in the course of instruction notification to this effect shall be mado to the teacher in writine. Denominational Books.— 15: ?. The teacher in all schools under the superintendence of the Minister shall see that the religious books employed in the classes for special religious instruction are confined to the time and place cf such instruction, and not left in the way of children wh?se parents may object to them. C. It will thus be seen that Scripture lessons form a part of the regular work in every school from the highest class to the lowest. A currt ful inspection was mado of the teaching iu two large Sydney schools with a daily attendance of 1.-400 and 700 respectively, and these obser vations were checked by enquiries made in a country school ('i-jO average) about sevonty miles fioni Sydney. I was assured on all hand* that what \va3 seen might be taken a-i typical of the work in any one of tho public schools in the colon}1. 1. The Scripture lessons (each lasting three-quarters of an hour) appear to be given as a ru!f once a week. 2. It will trive a better idea ef tho nature of the instruction if the work set down for certain classes is ypscifie J in detail. Ib must be understood that this programn.e shows the lessons to be given during the current quarter— January to March, Class TI. (Lower Division). — Old Testament I. Lessons 1-4— The Creation : Adim in Paradise ; Creation of the Woman : Fall of Adam and Kve into Sin. (Genesis 1-3.) Class II. (Upper Division).— Old Testament I. Lessons !)-12. From the Deluge to the Call of Abraham: Call of Abraham; History of Abraham (continued) : Covenant of God with Abraham. (Genesis '.t-17 in part). Class III. (Lower Division).— Old Testa ment: I. Lessons 17-20 — Death of Abraham ; Birth of Esau and Jacob: Isaac goes to Gerar : Ksau marries two wives ; .Xacob bv stealth receives his father's blessing ; his flight; his rtception in Mesopotamia: I1J3 return with his family to Canaan. (Genesis 25\. 31 in -art). Class III. (Upper Division).— Old Testa ment I. Lessons 21-^5 — Meeting of Jacob and Piau : altar at Bethel : death of Rachel ; Joseph sold by his brethren ; his imprison ment in Egypt: made. Governor of Egypt. (Genesis 32-15, 5, i». 40-1). Class IV. (Lowpr Division). — New Testa ment L. Les£oiu-. 7-12. i.e., about three and a half chapters of St. Luke's Gospel. (Chapters 4 in part, (». 7. 8). Class IV. (Upper Division).— New Testa ment II. Lessons, 1-10, i.e., Chapters 1 to 12 of the Aots of the Apostles. From this state ment a fair idea may be trained of the amoant of ground covered ; and it is hardly necessary to go into further detail, though the pro gramme of other classes are available if re quired. 3\. I may now give a short arvount of the lessons to which 1 had the privilege of listen ing, or. to be more :u-_-unite, the questioning on previous Ipssoiw. Infant I lepartmens. — The little ones were qnesttoneil on the birth of Christ, tho visit of the wise nien, the star in the K.tst. ths gifts thev brought ; they wero tolc! not to let Herod know : why 'J ' Because Herod thought^ esus bad come 'to take away his palace.' Not so. ?'Jesus did not come to sit; in a beautiful hou-e. but to teach us how to be good, and to love God.' (This was almost the only really j religion* remark I heard). After eight days I .Tesu= was taken to the Temple, 'a tine build ' inc. not like our little Sydney Churches,' ? ' just as our little children are taken to Church ! to be baptized.' (No mention of even the name i circumcision). An old rnan wa3 there, Simeon, : a prophet: the promise to Simeon: ho was ? very glad to see th-3 child Jesus, and said he was quite ready to die now. Anna, tne pro , phetesa. This lesson was well given — m fact, , 1 am inclined to pronounce it quite the best I heard. The teacher was a young girl, aad she decidedly interested her pupils. Infant3 (another school). — Questioning on the life of Mose3 ; his birth : names of his father and mother; his cradle in tho Ni!« : Miriam's watch over him ; the finding by the '. Princess. j Class II, (Eov3).— On Abraham'* sacriS^ of Isaao. While listening to tbia lesson I re gretted to notice the familiar way in whioh the name of the Deity was used. Class IIL (Boy.,).— On the call of Abraham the olaw read for about ten minutes. Then a map was drawn on the blackboard, and the Euphrates, Tigrii, Jordan, Dead Sea, Sea of Galilee, BethtL Ai, and Jerusalem were taught. This lesson was well (riven, but rather from a geographical point of view. Class V. (Boys).— Twenty-two lads were pre sent, and they were above the avenge in intelli gence. They were questioned on the escape of the Israelites from Egypt ; the institution of the Feast of the Passover; giving of the law by Moaes from Mount Sinai ; his forty days on the Mount ; the two tables ; the Feast of Pen tecost. Then by an easy transition the teacher passed to the descent of the Holy Ghost on the Apostles at the Feast of Pentecost, the gift of tongues, and its use. In all cases the pupils appeared to have a fairly satisfactory knowledge of the portion of Soriptnre history which formed the basis of the questions. 4\. It may come as a surprise to many to learn that the Irish National Scripture lesson books do not appear to be read. An examina tion of the code of regulations issued by the New South Wales Department shows that the teachers are nowhere enjoined to have these books read. They (the books) are quoted to show what the course of instruction is to be. and consequently what is to be the nature of the Inspector's examination. It may also be presumed to be implied tbat the teachers must not go beyond what is stated in the books. From* the nature of the case all lessons in infant departments must be given orally, and as a matter of fact they appear to be given in th» same way in both boys' and pirls' schools. The exact facts for the schools I visited are as follows :— School A (boys)— The books are never seen. School B (boys) — Sometimes the pupils read for tea minutes ai the beginning of the lesson, the rest being craL School B (girls)— A reading lesson may perhaps be taken once in three months. School C (boys and girls) — The books are never read. In reply to questions the teachers stated that they believed the general practice throughout the colony to be to give tho lessons orally, not to read from the books. It is not a matter for surprise that the teachers do not confine themselves to the readine of these text-books. However well adapted they may be not to offend the pre judices of any section of Christians (and this would appear to be the special object which the compilers had in framing them) there can be no doubt that from an educational point of view they are very poor books indeed. It is difficult to conceive of anything more dull and uninteresting than a lesson which should con sist merely of reading these passages with an explanation of the words marked for particular notice. Moreover, there are certain parts of the books which would be better omitted alto gether by boys and girls. Having the best interests of the children at heart, and bein? naturally anxious to make their lessons a* bright and effective as possible, tbe teachers give them orally, and in so doing every one with experience of young children must agree with them. ~-. The general impression left upon my mind is that in the Sydney schools regular and satisfactory instruction is given in Scrip ture history, with somewhat of a tendency to select stories from the Old Testament, in preferenc-e to the New. I do not consider that these lessons are religious, and this is a, perfectly natural consequence. No special time of the day is eet apart, but now in the morning and now in the afternoon a lesson in Scripture history takes its place between ons in reading and another in arithmetic. It is a part of the regular business of the institution, and there is no special reverence about it. I must not be understood to reflect in the slightest degree upon either the system or the teachers who are carrying it out. The depart ment follows the Act in prescribing this work, and the teachers loyally observe their instruc tions. I-. Exemption from Attendance.— The regu lation by which parents are jiermitted to with draw their children from the Scripture lessons has been quoted above. No statistics are available to show how many children are f-xempted, but I was informed ab the office that the number ia not considerable. Some enquiry was made in the schools with the following result :— Out of a class aumberin-- ninety there were eight children who did not; attend— four Jews, two Roman Catholics, and two Freethinkers. In another class there were ten out of seventy ; all were Roman Catholics or Jews. In the schools visited it appears to be looked on as a rtgul&r; thin? that Catholic and Jewish children are withdrawn from tha Scripture lessons; the latter, however, nob always when the instruction ia from the Old Testament. E. Special Religious Instruction. — Th5 religious k-dy which avails itself to the greatest extent of the j-erniission to give special in struction to tie children of its own members -during school hours is the Church of England. A committee has tbe matter under its care, and most of the city and suburban schools are regularly visited by either clergymen, paid catechists, or ladies. In the country the organization is much less complete. The Prej hvterians take the next place, and then the Wesleyans and the Jews. The other religious bodies do very little in this direction. 2\. There is not the slighest friction in the arrangements. Tbe department does all ia its power to facilitate the work of clergymen or other authorized religious teachers. X No statistics can be produced showing the number of schools ia which special religious instruction is given. 4\. No teacher employed by the department can take any part in the special religious instiuction. The rule governing teachers' actions is very stringent. It is— 30. Teachers of all ranks are required to abstain from parti cipation in any public meetings or othsr gatherings on party, political, or sectarian topics, and generally to refrain from all action in such matters calculated to give offence to any section of the community, or to impair their own usefulness as teachers: they must also abstain from public controversy upon the merits of the system of education now in force, and from acting as local preachers, lay-readers, or local correspondents of newspapers. F. Attitude of the Churches towards the Education System. — 1. With one exception the Churches appear to be satisfied with the education system. They value the help given to them in their Sunday school work by the instruction in Scripture history in the public schools, and they value the privileee of attend ing to give special denominational teachius to the children of their own members. The Minister and the Under-Secretary informed me that these religious bodies do not try, and apparently do not want to get any thine more. 2\. The one exception is the Catholic Chnrch. Consistently with its stated policy this Church declines to recognise any education which is not conducted in strict accordance with its own methods. Hence, great efforts have been mad a to establish separate Catholio schools, and by the help of the Marist Fathers and other teaching Orders good progress has been made. At none of the schools visited_ did I find more than a few Catholic children, but there wero in the imme diate neighbourhood larf:« schools belonging ti that Church. Of course in oparsely populated districts tbe only place at which education can bo obtained is the public school, but on the whole the number of Catholic children taughs by tho State is very much smaller in proiwr tion than the Catholic population. Though no doubt a number of children belonging to this Church do actually attend the general Scrip ture lessons as far as I could gather the polii-y of the clergy is to require the children to be withdrawn. On the other band Catholic teachers employed in the public schools give the Scripture lessons to their cIas.sc-3 in the usual way. 3\. No statistics are available to show the number of Catholic children in attendance at the public schools. I have. &.c, JOHN' A. HAETtEt, Inspector- General of School*. 