'Cavilled Out' The recent reductions in the working staffs of several of the collieries at Newcastle, technically called ' cavilling out,' are giving rise to serious uneasiness among all classes in the district, and particularly among the miners. And -well they might. Acute distress has for some time past been felt among the ?workers of this once thriving community, and the throwing of large aum hers of workers out of em ployment must tend to aggravate the distress. The coal trade of Newcastle does not show any signs of revival ; on the contrary it is falling off, and the discovery and development of valuable coal measures in Victoria will probably deprive New South Wales of a good customer, and still further, reduce the output from Newcastle. This is not by any means agreeable io contemplate, and the problem how to restore the once immense coal trade of this country is one that may well engage the serious attention of both employers and employed. Naturally, the miners feel keenly the recent reductions, which cast an additional burden upon those fortunate enough not to have been cavilled out, and they regard the action of the employers as an exhibition of capitalistic tyranny. A few days ago their general secretary, Mr. Cobley, had occasion to speak at a local gathering, and lie referred in somewhat acrimonious terms to what was being done by the employers in this matter of reducing' their staffs. At some of the collieries serious reductions were made in the num ber of man employed. At one colliery 104 men were sent out, nearly 300 had to leave another, 60 were turned away from another, 40 from another, and so on. Nor is this the end of the troubles. It is intimated that still farther reductions will \- nave to be made. And for every score of miners turned adrift, a proportionate num ber of other hands — wheelers, shiftmen, topmen, &c;— have to go. Furthermore, it is found to be impossible to keep up even the present reduced price of coaL Colliery proprietors must submit to an additional reduction in the selling price, and miners to a lower hewing rate, while a general lowering of wages for all connected with the coalmining industry muBt follow. Mr.' Cdelet, speaking of the dismissals of minors that had taken place, was evi dently of opinion that they were uncalled for in the circumstances, and lie went the length of advocating resistance to the aution? of the em ployers. « If there was a Bpirit of defence in them,' he said, ' it would have to be put in operation soon.' If this ? means -anything ? .. it means that Mr. Cdblet. is in favor of a strike against further reductions. Now it only wants another strike at Newcastle to absolutely and irretrievably ruin, the little trade that has been left. Mr, Cdblet. ought to understand tbe situation. No man has had better' opportunities than he of becoming acquainted with the cause* that have led to the present deplor able condition of the Newcastle coal trade. Moreover, he thoroughly understands the feelings of the miners, and when he speaks on such a subject it may be taken for - granted that he reflects the sentiments of those whose mouthpiece he is. Yet he loses sight of one important fact. He sees only one side, and shuts his eyes to the other. A little reflection would show him the reason the miners are being cavilled out of their places is that the employers themselves are being cavilled out of the markets of the world. If colliery proprietors are .un able to find purchasers for their coal, they clearly cannot employ miners to hew it and other hands to send it to the ships. It is very hard to see industrious, willing workers turned in hundreds out of positions they have occupied for many years, many of them from boyhood to beyond middle age. But this is due to causes beyond the control of either employers or employed. Th» failing off in trade has been so serious of late that reductions in the working staffs were inevitable. Many of the collieries are now doing less than half the trade of former years. Ko doubt the colliery proprietors would only be too glad to be in a position -to in crease instead of reducing the number of Hands in their emploj ; but when trade falls off as it has done of late they have no alternative but to reduce their staffs, and the fairest way to do this is by lot. These reductions can only be avoided by a restoration of the trade that has been lost, and it would be more profitable for men with Mr. Cuhlet's knowledge and experience to endeavor to show how this can be done than to be in citing men to a course of action that can only aggravate their hard lot and bring incalculable suffering upon the whole district. The report from a Melbourne contem porary, which we publish elsewhere, of ah interview with Mr. H. R. Harwood, will be read with sympathetic interest bj the many admirers of that s erling comedian. At the aue of sixty-three, he finds himself almost penniless — stripped of the savings of well nigh 40 years' hard work on the Austra lian stajre. He has been identified with that stage both as actor and manager. As is well known, he has rendered memorable services in both capacities. It was, we believe whea Mr. Harwcod was associated in manage ment at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, that the late Walter Montgomery was intro duced to the Australian public. A long list of other ' stars ' appeared in this part of the world owing to the enterprise of Mr. Harwood and his colleagues. As an actor not many more versatile ones have ever trod our boards. His speciality lay in comedy and burlesque,and he was admirable in both. Bnt he could essay serious parts with no little success. His ghost in Hamlet may be mentioned as a most capable per formance. It may be doubted whether in certain walks of burlesque he has been surpassed by anybody ever seen at this side of the line. Like another very famous comedian (the late G. H. Rogers) Mr. Harwood, though a native of London, had a purely Australian training for the theatre. As an actor, Rogers in his line was, as Harwood is still in hie, probably about aa good as could be desired. But though happily Mr. Harwod's powers remain unimpaired, everybody will, none the less, regret that at this time of his life ho has to resume his old calling under the spur of absolute necessity. When Sir Walter Scott was ruined through the failure of the publishing; house of Constable and Company, George IV., on hearing of it, said : ' Let . every . reader whom Scott has delighted only subscribe a 6d towards Mm, and he will be one of the richest men in Europe.' If the same were to be clone for Mr. Harwood by all the playgoers to whom he has fur nished so much harmless amusement, the veteran comedian would have a very re spectable ' pile,' indeed. The Maharajah Dhuleep Singh, whose death is just announced, was for many years apparently one of the most thoroughly Europeanised of Asiatics. On his estate near Thetford, Norfolk, he was known, not only as a supporter of the Christian religion— he had one living at his disposal ! —but also as an ardent game preserver, a devotee to battue shooting, and the occa sional entertainer of the Prince of Wales. He seemed in fact ' a fine old English gentleman,' though of a rather darker color than usual — his . tenants spoke of him as the Black Prince. When, however, the expenses of life as a squire began to tell upon the allowance paid to hiaf highness as an ex maharajah it was soon seen that his attachment to British ways and. to the British Government was not so firmly rooted, as he had pretended. He put forward claims asserting that the £40,000 per annum granted him was too little for one whose father had been ruler £n the Pusjaub, and above all he remembered that he was the hereditary owner of the Kdhinoor diamond. When the India Office refused to give him the satisfaction he v sought he lef t England and made an, attempt to reaoh India, so as to follow up a proclamation which he had issued to the Sikhs, to gain favor with whom he abjured the Christian religion. .Directly the/»et«n4sr was ?vitfcin Indian jurisdiction, however, -when the steamer by which he was travelling touched at Aden (in 1886) the Indian authorities arrested him, and after a short detention he became an exile on the Continent. He went, among other places, to Russia, where he received a certain measure of covert encouragement, and also got some mercenary support in France by subsidising minor papers to publish articles favorable to his claims. His. nego tiations with the papers in question were conducted through an English-speaking resident of Paris named Casey, whom he took with him on his wanderings as a sort of private secretary. Casey, as well as championing the cause of dusky royalty, had been from time to time suspected of knowing more about dynamite intrigues than would have been quite consistent with his safety had he ventured across the Channel. The French, press connection which the Maharajah established, and which continued as long as he cared to pay, included some of the papers which subse quently supported General Boulanger, and which had previously been always ready to espouse,, for cash down, the causes of such claimants to Egyptian Royalty as Halim and Ismail Pashas, who were both, luckily for their press backers, princes with plenty of money and an exaggerated idea of the influence of little foreign newspapers. . The Maharajah in time got tired of being an earthly providence 'to 'Boulevard scribes -who muddied up English and Indian names in their lucubrations con cerning him and brought him no nearer his coveted throne. He tried a second manifesto to the'' Sikhs in 1889, and, soon after, gave up his propaganda, apologised to Queen Victoria and was pardoned. He was received by the Queen at Grasee in 1891\. The Maharajah was twice married, at Alexandria in 1864and in Paris in 1889, both j times to English women. It may be noted tbat, though Dhuleep Singh had his mis fortunes, he probably had a quieter life and a more peaceful end than if he had been., left in the Punjaub. An eider brotaer of'] his had been .poisoned there, and another brother broke his neck by a fall from an elephant. The second funeral of Napoleon was said, and not incorrectly, to have really been the d«ath and burial of the monarchy of Louis Philippe. It was at the same time such a reminder of the glorious days of the Empire as rendared it a comparatively easy task for the nephew of the Conqueror of Marengo, by-and- bye, to seat himself on the throne of his uncle. The funeral of Marshal. MacMahon, which, as a cablegram tells us, was celebrated in Paris on Sunday last with great pomp, is not exactly calculated to revive such memories as -were recalled while the coffin of the great Emperor was being borne to the same resting place — the Invalidea ? whither that of Marshal MacMabon has now followed. Still, the old soldier has a record which, however clouded bv misfor tunes at a supreme crisis in his country's history, was at least in some of its episodes not unworthy of the most stirring traditions of the French Army, The Marshal was not, indeed, a military genius of the first order, but there is good reason to. believe that -when the conditions were not hopelessly against him he was a clear-sighted as well £8 dauntless leader. What he proposed to do, but whac he was not per mitted to do, during the earlier days of the Franco-German War, was, as many military critics have admitted, not un worthy of a great general. But it was in the Italian campaign of '59 that Mac Mahon showed at his very beet. He cer tainly saved, the French army from defeat at Magenta. The worde in which, to his old friend Changarnier, he briefly announced the movement which had resulted in a brilliant victory used to be on every tongue: 'They told me to march to the left, I have marched to the right, and I have saved France.' The general comment among Frenchmen then was that if Napoleon I. had had a MacMahon instead of a Grouchy there would have been a different history of the cam paign of Waterloo. Happily, however, among the facts which, the funeral of Marshal MacMahon may serve to impress on the French is the still by no means superfluous one tbat the love of military glory is very often the most doubtful of all the illusions which a great nation can pursue. A telegram announces that Mr. J. E. Redmond, the leader of the Parnell ite section of . the Irish party, de clared at an -amnesty meeting in Cork thai Ireland's leading position in politics was due to the action of the dynamiters, which fact had been admitted by Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Redmond's asser tion is probably based on a passage of a , speech of Mr. Gladstone's, which was to the effect that, as a chapel bell reminded people of the time for worship, so had the Clerkenwell explosion called attention to the grievances of Ireland. One could perfectly well understand a Tory election agent raking up this incident to- call attention to the influence which the perpetrators of an outrage are supposed to have had on Liberal policy. A mention of the dynamiters might be effective to give some extra votes to the party desiring to bring back Mr. Balfour and coercion, and keep the dynamiters in durance, but it is hard to see what other purpose it can serve. The dynamiters themselves would probably rather have their past influence left in oblivion until they are outside her Majesty's gaols. 