IWpeUst The Rajah's . Vengeance. 1 A STORY OF INDIA' >Oo. Ey FREDERICK M. DEY. CHAPTER I. y O BTlUXIIi: KXfZIIIKXCR. Iv was just ten o'clock ou tlio night ol Kavera- Asr SO, 187 — , when I arrived at tlio front door of Mioolil Cogswell mansion— a night wlion tlio most i, hardy and venturesome would only appear out of floors on errands of the utmost nocemty. Tho CJind was blowing a galo, laden witli infinitesimal particles of razor-edged elect, which often drow Mood on my fuco as I toilod through tho darkness gainst tho fierce and violent tompest. I wns morotlian glad when I closed tbo great oaken door behmd mo, and for tiio first timo sinco I bad boon its iulinbitaut, tho old Cogrwell man- siou seemed cheerful : for before going out that evening J had built a firo of huge logs in tbo mns- sivo fireplace of tbo great hail, placing tho screen carefully bc-foro it for sufcty, and ns I shut out tbo noarlng, hurtling, ronomous wind upon regaining the bouse, the wclcomo blaze sent a thrill of rrarmth through my half-frozen body, nnd tho llickering, eddying shadows creeping and dancing hack and forth along tlio onken wainscoting for f> moment seemed like companions in tho solitude of that groat liouso of which I was tlio sole inhabi tant. Quickly divesting mj self of my outer garments, lighting a long-atemmcd pipe, and placing my slippered feet whero they could feel the warmth of tho ruddy blaze, I sank listlessly hack upon tho cushion of a reclining chair, and gave myself up g> reflection. 3 had a great deal to think about that night, find riecp was never furthor from my cyos and soiu>e3, for I had just met with a disappointment which fell liko a crushing blow upon my ambitious Uoaes, blotting out tho sun of my future, tearing ruthlessly down my ' airy caatlo in Spain,' and filling my pathway to happiness, which I had thought so clear and unobstructed, with impass- fihlo rocks, debris, and driftwood. In Bhort, 1 liad gone out in tho early evening full of life and hope, flushed with success and prospectively a rich man, end I hnd returned laden witli despair, cast down by a weight of circumstance through which I could see no vista of light. Though not at all subject to ncrvousnoss I yet had so unexpectedly thrust myself upon a scene of horror in my journey that night that even as I leaned back in my chimney corner, puffing clouds of smoko ovor my head— Soe picture No. 1 — I could seo tho agonised features of old Aaron l'rimo s I had soon them but an hour before, with the ugly bluo ho'.o in his forehead niiors- tho bullet had entered, lying upor. his hack in the office of his mill, dead. I had gone tliero to kvep nn appointment— to veenro Aaron Prime's signature to a paper which was, at that moment, reposing in tlio pocket of my greatcoat wortbloss, while but a fgw hours beforo it laid seemed eo valunlilo to mc. I, John Douglass, had been, at tho ago of thirty- ono— one year before— made tho heir end solo exe cutor ol ell tho earthly estate which Reuben Cogs well bad left behind liim at his death. Tlmt all was uot much, so far ua apparent or negotiable properly was concerned, fur it consisted of only two things — tlio old mansion, which stood at tho edgo cl a deep wood, a littlo over a mile from Anion Piimo's mill, and threo ncros of ground with it, two of which wore swamp, and therefore Worthless— nnd n request. Ho. 1 — ' 1 lonned hack inmy cliimnoy cornor, puf fing clouds of smoko over my lioad.' I bad immediately taken up my abode in tho ghostly old house, which had licit! a strango in terest forme over sinco I lmd played around it ns fi hot , and as 1 possessed a small incomo, just suf ficient for my absolute needs, I would havo gono . smoothly and ovoulv on through lifc, devoting my time to tho philosophical studies of which I was passionately fond, hnd it not been for tho request. It was tlmt which had led me out of tho even tenor and methodical lmbits of my life, concoiving, in mo a thirsty ambition to attain tho great wealth it promised. At first I had gono about my task a3 the simple fulfilment of a duty imposed upon mo, but as obstacles, ono after anothor, aroso in my path, ex citing ray persever.mco and energy, I lmd dreamed about it when alone, until I lmd made my uiry easilcs not only inhabitable, but in a measure necessary to my oxistonco. Tho request, which had mado cuch n radical change in my whole nature, was simple enough in ltsolf; but by reason' of many unseen obstacles, exceedingly complex in its attaimcont. Briefly, it was as follows : ' I particularly apd especially request that tbo aid John Douglass, my heir and sole executor hereunder, will secure tho signatures of Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurloy— botli townsmen of inino — to tbe documont which he will find m a yellow envelope in my desk, addressed to him, the nntaro of whichin fully explained by tbo sovoral papers In tho package with said envelope, nil of which aro tied with red-tape, and are in the upper right- hand corner pigcon- holo of said dosk,' Simple enough I I felt tlmt I liad but to acarch for tho paporo noBt myself thoroughly as to their contents, and 6u»w olaco the documont before the two men to secure their signature to it, and I littlo , foresaw tbo surprise and luaour Unit were before ml Tho surprise came when I road tho sovoral papers, bnt a week after Reuben Cogswoll's death. Among thom I found ono in tho old man's hand . writing, giving mo a history of tbo case, and as I vend toy eyes oponed in wonder. It told mo, methodically and in great detail, tho strango nnd complex Btory of his life, wild and weird enough to excito the incredulity of tho most ifasily impressed. Ho was a very old man when lio passed away, and aged men in tho neighbourhood taid thai to had been old whon ho came among them nearly fifty yeai-3 before and purchased tho place ftor known by Ins nauio, where he lived tho life ' of a bermib, receiving no ono but myself into tho shadowy myotomes of his liouso. To mo ho had, (n my early boyhood, taken a lusting fancy, and I sued to sit with him hours at a time, imbibing . depths of knowlcdgo nnd philosophy Biich as I could not procure elsewhere ; and when. h« died " . fiiMvtbinfl ho posnsued was left to sua. 1 Tbo story of whieh I became possessed, upon reading tho papers, told briefly, was as fol lows : In enriyjifo Bonbon Cogswell' had been a fol lower of the sea, and from the foreoastlo had risen to tbo cabin. Still advaneing, ho had boooino tho owner first of the ship ho commanded and thenof others, until at last thoy grow into a fleet of ' tradore, which annually brought him in a magni ficent income. Trading mostly with tbo Eastern countries, ho hnd many times visited thom, establishing branch houses in difibront places, and thns spend ing much of his timo abroad. Occasionally ho took a long trip into the inte rior, pnrcasbing articles for export to his nativo laud, and upon ono of those excursions, whon in tho heart of India, lio had met with a strange ex perience which had turned tho smooth and oven course of his lifo into a rocky and precipitous channel which had finally ended in a solitary death. Iteiiig ontcrtnincd overnight by one of tho rich and powerful Rsjnhs, ho had by the moreBt acci dent met and spoken with ono of his daughters, a beautiful girl, with great, dark, languid eyas and soft white skin, just tinged with the olive of tho South. Ho immediately created an oxcnao for lingering longer in the palnco of the Rajah, seeking only au opportunity of speaking with the beanlif ul crea turo again. It came, and many thereafter, for tbo girl had fully reciprocated his fancy, and one night, having bribad some of tho servants to assist them, they escaped from tho palace and fled to gether to tho coast, whoro they wore soon em barked in ono of his many vessels, sailing as fast as the wind could drive them for America. Tho wedding took place aboard tho Bhip, tho witnesses being Aaron Prime, then master of tbo vessel they were on, and Jacob Hurley, the mato. For two years all wont well with the hsppy cuuplo, and they lived a life of calm contont. A daughter had been born to them and reached tho ago of one year, when Cogswell, for tho first lime sinco his uiarriago, was compelled, through bnsi ncBs matters, to abceot himself from his Boston homo for awhile, bnt whon, on depnrting, ho bado his wifo and child good-bye, it was for tho last time, fur ho never saw them again in his pleasant inline. He had been absent a week when, on rotnrning, ho found tbo houso strangely quirt. Tho Indian oerrant brought with thorn from tho Rajah's do- inuin had disappeared. Fillod witli dismay, ho had dashed through tho rooms to his wife's apartments' to find them vacant. Nothing was disturbed; not a sign of a strngglo or cooimotion was apparent in tbo room, or indeod in tho home. Everything was in tho most perfect ordor, aud yet his wifo and child woro gono. Thoy had mysteriously disappeared. ' Skilled detectives woro engaged, and every known expedient for tracing tho lost ones wns re torted to without succoss. Ho ono. had soon strangers about tho placo ; no one bad seen tbo people of tho houso dopart from it. At longlh ho gave up in acspair, abandoning all hopo of ever recovering his loved ones ; but one night, as ho sat brooding ovor his troubles, tlio glass in tho window noar him crashed inward, and n hand and arm woro thrust through tho opening In tho hand was a foldod Blip of paper, which ho grasped as it fell fluttering towards tho floor. It road : ' Your wifo is with her father, tho Rajah, whore you are also commanded to go. Her lifo and that of your child dopouds upon your speedy obe- dicuco.' Cogswoll did not hesitate, for on tho following morning ho oailsd for India, and without delay presented himself at the paluco of tlio Ra. jali. Immediately on his arrival bo was seized by tho Indian servants, and without ceremony placod in n room divided in half by o double iron grating, tlio other half being occupied by his wife. Thus thoy were ogaiu in full viow of each other, enabled to converse, but so far apart that it was impossible for ono to toucli the other. Tho poor mother knew nothing of tho child sinco sho had arrived in her father's pslaco, whither she had beou brought by his emissaries sent oat from India. It soon became avident that they were placod there to starve in eight of each oilier, for as day after day wont without food being brought to thcm( thoy began to grow weaker, and thoy were forced to rcaliBO what was in store for them. Either might linvo boruo tho torribla suffering hotter alone, but to bo compelled to witness- tho agony of ono whom wo love tears tho heart-striog in twain. Tliero for m,my days thoy lingered on with not n soul coming noar thom to wnom thoy might pray for food. On tho fifth day the beautiful yomg wife ex pired. Hot once during tho long hours of agony had sho complained : not onco had she regretted tho act which had brought her fate upon her. Through tho wliolo of her cufihrings she had borno up, and at last alio diod with words of lovo mingled witli tho namo of her husband upon hor lips. Who shall describe the tortures ho endured as lio saw hor grow hourly weaker aud woaker 'ueforu his oyOB, finally fading away as tlio lily fades whon blighted by the bitter frost ? Ho, too, longed to die, bnt tho hard training ho hadrccoired whan a lad had made him so hardy and strong that ho did not succumb as rapidly as his wife, She had boon doad hut a short timo when tho door on her sido of the grating openeiL <ii>u her body was borno away. Ho nover saw it again. Au hour later his own door waB thrown nnd the Rajah, accompanied by a guard, entered the coll. ' You may go now,' ho said, stonily ; 1 for as by stealing away my daughter you taught mo how to suffer, so have you now, through hor, loarnod tlio same lesson. You would rather dio this moment 'than havo lifo reglvon to you ; but you must livo thut lifo that you may still suffer in remembrance of what your folly brough about. Go ; but remem ber this— yonr child shall never look upon your faco again ; and if, through any accident, yon are brought together, sho shall die us hor mother died. Go I' Cogswoll, aftor a long illness, finally reached America again, when ho speedily sold out his vast posscssoions, and secluded liimsolf in tho old houso which was now mino. With him ho took Aaron l'rimo and Jacob Hurloy, placing tbo former in chargo of a woollon mill, which every- ono supposed to be bis own, tho latter being established upon an immonso stock farm, nnd bearing tho reputation of bolng a very wealthy man. His reasons for ihiis providing for the two men who bad witnessed his marringo I can only sot down as a strango whim— tho vagaries of a mind which in ovcry othor respeet was well-bal anced and sound. Bo that ae it may, bo had so established them, leaving tho townsfolk to think them rich in their own right, and in return they had managed his affairs for him, making deposits, drawing bis various interests, aud onco ovcry month coming secretly to IiIb houso in tho night to rendor their accounts, leave with him what monoy ho might require, and hear liio wishes, regarding his tfiairt generally. It appeared from tho manuscript I read that the ulmg influence in tbe old man's life was his fear ot tho Rajah, or the Rajah s descendants, every- thing, even to his minutest affairs, being governed accordingly. ' Once, somo twenty years before his death, ho had found a letter npon his tablo which told blm that his daughter had wodded with one one ot her own race. Tho old Rajah was dead, bnt his son and successor had sworn to carry out the wlshos of Mb father, and lie (Cogswoll; was warned to remain in seclusion for tho remainder of his life, and after that ho became more of a reeluse than over. j It wao thon he coricolved tho idea whieh ulti mately whirled mo into such a chaos of trouble and despair, to ho finally crowned with a happy- noss which fnlly recompensed me. He caused his ontiro fortune to bo mlide over to Aaron l'rimo and Jacob Hurley, trnsteos, tho no-, tnro ot tho trust to bo determined by tho presenta tion, after his death, of a document eroating a third trustco, whom ho would during bis lifo select, when the threo woro to nnito their several effurts to discover it there oxicted a lineal descend ant of Cogswell's, to whom they woro to mako over ono half tho estate, tbo other half to bo divided equally among them, Tho threo trustees were to agrco among themselves as to tho host modo of conducting tho search, bnt if any one failed to carry out tho conditions of trnst he was to forfait his ontiro interest in the oetato. About a woek before his death the old man had addod to hie manuscript tho particular rcquoBt that I, John Douglass, whom lie had loved and oducatod from early boyhood, would purohsse from tho other two trustees (for I was mado the third ono, all their interest in tho matter ; and although ho hnd created ma tho third truBtco, ho wished me to act alone and unaided in the mattor, more particularly because Primo and Hurley were oldmen, Enclosod with the reqnostwas a lottor to each of them, and a documont properly and legally drawn for them to sign. He had always placed tho utmost confidonco in each of thom, but bo was Bbrowd enough to know that thoy hud grown into a position where they could defy him if thoy choso, so far as tho pro perty iu their immediate possession was con cerned, although thoy could draw nono of tho trnst monoy without tho signature of tho third trus tco, to whicli ho would append a certification by himself. Such certification ho hnd prepared before his death, leaving a blank space in wkieh I was to put my namo. i It was a Btrnngoly conglomcrato transaction and yet so systematic had tho old gentleman beon that evory ground waB thoroughly covered, and| with the oxcoption ol tho property held personally by tho two men, everything was perfectly straight and binding. He had evidently depended much upon their cupidity to hold thom constant to tho trust creaicd, and that lie bad not beon amiss my effurts to bnrgain with them had proved. I had lost no timo in placing tbo facts and doca montn before them, for wo woro enjoined partlcu" larly to conduct everything with the utmost oecrecy, and bad at first been mot with a tla' refusal to bargain at all. Finally thoy had consented to sign tho paper, provided I would pay them tho amount they would have received if thoy carried out the trust to tho end, togothcr with ray own share. Gradually they had been brought down by my importunitios until the night of which I speak, when thoy consented to meet mo at nino o'clock at the offico in Aaron Prime's mill, for tho purpOBo of siguing tho docu mont in consideration of ono-quarter of tho trust to thom and their heirs for over, tlio proporty which they thon controllod to becomo thcira, in fee, in addition. Full of the prospect of speedily being pat in pos session of tho rest of the trust, I hsd gono to inset thorn. Gono with my whole ambition to be gin tho search at onco foremost in my mind, feeling certain tlmt if there existed a lineal descendant of llcnbon Cogswell I could find him, or her — gono to find death, grim and terrible, awaiting mo on tho part ol one ol them, and unquestionable guilt end flight on the part of the other. CHAPTER II. an O.ViCOOUNtiDLE vision. 1 Ono murdered by tho othor, and that other flown,' I muttered, as I loanod back in my chair, and thought how I had toiled through the torriblo sturm to tho mill that night. I lmd gono thcro fall of hope, elatod with tho certainty of success; hut whon I had opened Prime's office door I started hack with a cry of horror ruul di»msy. Stretched in tho middle of the floor, fiat upon his back, waa Aaron Primo, with a bullet-hole iu his forehead. — Soe picture 1. Chairs were overturned— papers wero scattered about tlio floor— confusion and signs of violenco prevailed; I liad bent over liim, placing my hand upon his heart in tlio liopo of discovering soma sign of life ; but although tho body was still wurm, life was utterly extinct. . Upon the floor noar tho doorway was n hat, I picked it up and looked at it carefully, and rccog nised it as belonging lo Jacob Hurley, noticing at Ho. 2. — 'Stretched in tho middle of the floor, fiat ou his hack, was Aaron Prime, witli a bullut- liolo in his forehcud.' tho same timo that there was a buUot-holo through its crown. Glancing hurriedly aronnd me, I realised if I should by chanco bo seen there I would he ac cused of tho murder, and I want hastily out, at first intending to arouso tho neighbourhood, aud givo what information I could regarding tho crirao. IVhen I again reached the open air, howovcr, all that man's death meant to me becamo obvious, and by a seeming paradox, tho crime itself sank into insignificance boforo the utter failure of my mission, and I harried homoward through the driving sleet. As I sat by tho firo thinking, I suddenly felt as though I was no longer alono. , I know not why or how, but tho feeling came oyer mo eo Btrongly that I aroso and looked about mo among the flickering shadows mado by the blazing logs in tbe fireplace. ' Pshaw 1 I oxolaimod, ro-soatlng myself. ' I am a durico to allow tho sight of a'dead body to mm rve me. It can't, bo that either,' muBCd I, 1 for I have not thought of it in that way since I first nuido the disoovory.' I could not, however, shako off tlio idea that I was not alono. I felt no foar, for, especially re garding the supernatural, I was nervoless ; bnt ovcry time X raised my oyca I half expected thoy would behold eomn companion in my. solitude, although, on tho fltbor hand, I knew positively that! was alono. As the foolin \ ' forcible posirih slon of me, by a strange antithesis I experienced a drowsy sensation, nnd thon l fell asleep. X aay asleep, for that is tho only way in whieh 1 can explain what transpired, foe I mast havo dreamed. Boforo me stood tho oldg?rian, as 2 had so often seen him, with his back to tho fire and his hands behind liim under his coat-tails — See picture Ho. 3— and I arose mechanically and offered him my comfortable chair, ' John,' said he, as he seated himself in my place, whilolleanod my om npon the mantol over the firo, 1 Primo and Hurley havo had fi fight.' ' Evidently,' I commontcd. ' ' Well,' lie continued in his usual abrupt way ' you will havo to got their signatures to-night or not all, for by morning thoy will both be beyond Bigning anything.' 1 Why,' I exclaimed, 'Primo is already doaand Hurloy has flown.' ' Booh, my boy, bosh I They are both thoro now awaiting you, and wondering why you aro colate. Come, start at onco, X havo seen thom, aud thoy will sign.' Accustomed from childhood to obey blm almost Implicitly, I arose without dolay, and, arranging myself in my storm clothing, once more set out through tho bitter tcmpoat towards tho woollon mill. I was completely exhausted whon I reached it, Ho. 3.— 'Before mo stood tho old man, an X had so ofton seen him, with his back to tho fire and his hands hahiud-'iim under his coat-tails.1 and rested for a moment on tho steps ontslde. Then entering I found the two men, as had boon tatcd, awaiting mo. 1 You are into cnougb, surely,' said Primo ; and as I apologised, he took tbo document from my band, wont to bis dosk, and, seating himself, signed it. Hurley followed his oxnmplo, and I then passed over to them respectively tho papers hearing my signature, which made tho bargain comploto, and tock my departure. Whilo insido it hnd not onco occurred to mo to look at tho floor whore, earlier in the evening, I had soon tho dead body of Primo, but as I loft tho office I stooped and peered back tbrougli tho window. Whnt was my horror to see tho room in pre cisely tho Bamo condition in which I had first discovered it that night, tho murdorod body of Aaron Primo lying upon tho floor with tho blue bullot-liolo in tho forehead. Shocked beyond description, 1 hurried rapidly away, and in due course of tlmo onco more reached tho mansion. Tho old man mot me at the door, bis face radi ant with smiles. 1 Got thom ?' lie asked ; and when I roplied in tho affirmative, he said : 'Good I Now I am going to sleep again. Dry yourself off at tho firo hero, and thon you had hotter get somo Bleep also.' ' Sleep t' I muflt havo instantly awakened instoad, for I suddenly becamo conscious of tbe fact that the firo had burned down considerably, and that I was standing before it in tbo vain effort to warm my benumbed fingers and dry tho soaking gar ments which wero upon mo. Seizing tho tongs I poked the fire vigorously for a momont, throwing fresh wood upon it, and soon I had a warm aud chcoring blazo again. X was dazed by tho inexplicable circumstances grouped before mo. ' It must havo beon a dream,' I said aloud ; ami yet how camo tho3u wot clothes upon mo ? Where did I got the mud upon my boots? ' My recollection of what had passscd was as perfect ae I havo described it, nnd was so vivid that it soemed a part at tbo regular occurrences of tho evoning, notwithstanding tlio fact of tiro cuddcn realisation of my surronndingc which had come over mo as I stood by tlio firo. 'Bali!' I cried, in disgust. -I am growing nervous. Tho experiences of to-night have worked upon my mind, and I have not only dreamed, but I havo walkod in my Bleep.' Feeling great fatigue, I relighted my pipo, and after duo preparation again threw myself into tho easy chair before tho fire, whon it suddenly oc curred to mo to look at my watch. It waa noarly two o'clock. Startled by the lapso of timo, and tho longth ol my unquiet nap, I aroso and crossoil to the peg whoreon my greatcoat was hanging. ' I will settlo this thing horo and now I' Iinut- torcd, pulling the package from tho pocket and re turning to my chair at tho fire. 1 The papars will prove that I havo had a nightmare,' With a qqick movement I undid tho string wbioh bound the package togothcr, and selecting the all- important documont, spread it open before me on my knceB. Uttering n star tlod cry of consternation I again leaped to my feet, scattering tbo many paper# broadcast about on the floor, for thoro before nrS on the white page, plainly and legibly, were the well- known signatures of Aaron l'rimo and Jacob Hurley, I trembled witli oxcitomeat. For the first tirau in my lifo I know what it meant to ho afraid I The roomsoomoil filled with uncanny shapes fiut'.oring about in shrouds and blood-stalnod gar ments. There stood tho signatures boforo mo, plain and incontrovertible In their . antbenticity, in tho' faco of tho fact that when I liad gono at nine o'clook to got them ono of tho mon was ulrcaily dead and the other hnd disappeared. Suddenly I began wildly gathering the scattered papors together which had fallen upon tho floor, looking through them iAJisenrch of those 1 was to havo given up to the two mon in exohango for their signatures. Thoy weie nowhere to bo found. Long and cagorly.I searched, but wltboat result otbertban thoroughly to satisfy myself that thoy wero not thcro. Whoro, then, woro thoy ? Had I indoed mot thoso two men when I went forth tho seond tlipo? Was I mistaken in deeming Aaron Primo to ba dead? Could it ho that I had not Been aright, or wore they both doad, and bad I mot and bargamod with their ghosts ? Or was it somo fantastic boniblormont oi dreamland, which, following tho Shnkspcsvinu theory of ' drouma aro result of n forogouo conclu sion,' had shaped my sleeping thoughts Bruno- , what into tho form of what I hnd been tlilnkiiQ whilo awako? But, no I. my oyes had cortiinlj not boon closed in sloop. 1 tore iny hair in perplexity, for I could not roa sos. the oocurrcuccs rout:; into any. logical to qaeosd .To bk sfoxTinxo.1 