A DOURLF, PR | MR. wholesale produce and commission store of Mr. Purvis, on Dehiwure* avenue, near Vine-street, was robbed on the night of October 17, 1805. The safo had boen opened apparently by false keys, and upwards of 9.000 dollars in greenbacks were abstracted. A package of bonds, to the amount of 3,000 dollars raoro, remainod untouched. Two clerks, both young men, usually slept in the store. August Yerkes had been in tho employ of Mr. Harrison Purvia for about four years, and enjoyed the confidence of his employer. Pembroke Sharon, the other clerk, had only recently been taken, but the manner in which he took hold of the business improved Mr. Purvis so much in his favour that he predicted a successful future for the young man, as a very able salesman and ultimate prominent merchant-. Under this impression he placed implicit trust in Sharon,and selected him as a com* panion for Yerkes in the store at night. Both of these young men were in the store the night that the robbery occurred; but when the place was opened In the morning, Sharon was mining and Yerkes lay on the floor near the safe with a serious g$sh on the side of his head, which had been bleeding profusely, judging by the amount of blood on the floor. The unfortunate young man had evidently endeavoured to stanch the blood, for his hands were stained as well hb his clothes. By the disorder in the office awl the numerous blood stain* both ou the floors and walls, it was evident that a desperate struggle must havo taken pluce. It was conjectuied from this that Sharon, having provided himself with/alee keys, had opened the safe, and. been surprised by his fellow clerk iu the midst of his work, who in turn dealt him the blow neat- tho temple, and then, after a severe struggle between them, Yerkes fainted from loss ot blood, and the robber fled with his booty. Varnoe, a detective, aud a physician were at once sent for, and while Dr. Edson attended to his patient, tho detective examined bhe premises with his usual care* fulness, particularly the seoond floor, and returning to the lower floor found that Yerkes had recovered, and sat in an arm chair with a bandage around his head. ' Well, Mr. Varnoe, what have you dis covered ?' said Mr. Purvis. ° I find that the robber has been to tho second floor,' replied the detective, 'possibly he has taken some valuables from there an well.' The merchant hastened up-stairs, bub presently returned, saying that nothing had been disturhed or ramovArl an fnr am Ha could see. ' Whatever his object may have been, I am positive that he visited tho second Boor after the bloody struggle had taken place.' Then Yerkes gave the following account : He awoke suddenly and found that Sharon had left the bed, and fearing that some mis hap had overtaken him, he lit a parnffin candle by the small gas-jet in the room and began to search for him. Nob finding him on the eecond floor he returned to the (ir-*t floor, nnd discovored him before the open safe. They saw each other at tho same moment, and Sharon was spellbound at being discovered in his crimi nal act. Then began the struggle, the evidence of which was so plainly apparent. Sharon being the stronger of the two, soon overpowereu his opponent, and threw him ao violently on the floor that he became insensible. Varnoe listened with rapt attention to the end, then made a few notes in his book, after which he walked cut of the store with Iris eyes bent on the floor before him, until he reachcd the street; then, after casting his eyes searchingly around on the ground, he walked over to the dock aud gazed into the water in a thoughtful manner. When he returned to the *torc and rejoined the others in the office, it was with a grave countenance. 'Mr. Purvis, the robber has evidently escaped by way of tho river, as the blood tracks reach to the dock.' All eyes were now directed towards the wounded man, who hud suddenly grown something, but fell back with a groan nnd fainted away. While the doctor was applying restora tives to his chargo, the det-ectivo drew Mr. PurviK away to the roar of the store, and remained thore for half an hour in conversa tion with him, And judging by his frequent exclamations he must have been astonished by what the detective told him. Re-entering t ho office, tlioy found Yerkes still uncon^oi'fu-s, and at the suugp-sUon of Varnoo he w«b taken to the houpiuL '* Now, Mr. Purvis,' said Varnoo, 44 will you point out to me the clothes usually worn by Mr, Sharon while on duty at th* *lore ?' ' Certainly, sir,' replied the gentleman, 'that is easily done,' nod he went to tin closet whoro the olerhs kept their outt*. garments. He examined the clothing with gasps of surprise. 11 What is it?' said Varnoe, when Mr. Purvis laid the gurments on the bed. 'As I live, Sharon has not only left his coat and v«at behind, but his panfs ae well,' said Mr. Ptti vie?. in bewilderment. 'That is singular said tbe detective, exchanging glances with the physician. ' It is rather puzzling, in foot, when you bear in mind that Mr. Yerkes, when found* was fully dressed, while the thief loft his pants behind,' pointing to a pair heneftfch the bod. 41 Yon will please eeo whether Mr. Sharon left anything valuable in his poek'ite.' Every pocket was exuinitioil. Thero wai found a valuable watoh and chain, a trifle over five dollars in a wallet, a penknife, pencil, memorandum, eto., etc. ' Retain those nrtioles, Mr. Purvis, and hang the garments up,' said the dctcotfve. ' I have another surprise how.' Varnoe removed the bedclothes, leaving the mattress bare. A number of bloody finger marks stained it along a seam ten inches in length. 'I see what you are driving at-,' cried Purvis, as lie fanned the senm. 'You! mean that tho tin f has hidden his plunder! in the mattress.' I 'I think At all evonta,'' whs the reply, as ho ripped the seam with his knife. Inserting his handy ho drew forth the package of groonbaakH. Th$y were intact-, Mr. Purvis suidjafteroaioninlng the wealf. 'I don't know what to think,' paid the gentleman, hopelessly. ' I declare my head aches trying to divine the motive for this moat oxtraordlnary orlme.' M Think as I do.' ' What is that!' J' Why. that Sharon, Instead of being the ; thief, is tne thiof'a victim, which accounts ; for his leaving his outer garments behind. He evidently surprised the rascal, and in a tussle with him ho murdered Sharon, dragpd him ucro&s; the street and threw him into the river.' |'lhen you really expoot Yerkes is the thief?' asked the merchant, greatly agitated. 'I am sure he is not only the thief, but a probflbly murderer also.' 'Oh, the wretoh!' orled the merchant, passionately, 'and in my heart I admired his bravery, while I pitied him for what ho had endured in endeavouring to protect my property. I am perfectly convinced that you have hit on the right man,' con tinued Mr. Purvie. 'If he Knew of this h6 might give us the Blip. The next thing to be 'dono is to use every rooMi* in our power to recover the body of poor Sharon.' ' Poor, indeed, slnoe all the clothes he has on his baolc are not his own,' spoke a voico from behind them. All looked at the speaker, who wore ar old seaman's suit, ana looked as though lu had just recovered from a Revere fit of c!» nees. Something in the tone of his voioe struck :? chord in the broast of the merohant, lit uppronched the man and asked eagerly : — ' Who aro you V' 'My namr i?* Pembroke Sharon.' In a momout ho was surrounded by tlx trio, who congratulated him on his psoapd from de*th. He roqvwtod Uer^leelon tc a«*ume fits proper ntU?r which h« j would fcelloXMctlv whui had occuricd duiiti^ j the pu-l night. \ His story was very similar to theons told | by Yerkes, with this diflV't-enoe—tho por tion* were changed. It wai Sharon who surprised the other in front of the open snfo in tne aot of stowing In his pockets the greenbacks alluded to. It was Sharon who enounced the act, and Yerkes, both angrv and frightened to be thus detected, picked upa paper weight and hut led it at hi- fellow clerk, striking Sharon on tho htud. inflicting a ghustly wound, from which h» fainted, and know no more until he awo'n- on board a vessel near the navy yard. H« was told that tliey picked him up in tin* river. The captain and his two men had buen to the theatre, and were returning in a boat to the vessel, when a white objoct* floating on the water attracted their attention, and thev made for it and drew the apparently dead man into the boat und took hfin on board th? vessel, where his wants wereutonceatbended to. ? When Yerkes' version was relateil to him he laughed derisively, and was on the point, of making u remark when familiar fodtstep- were heard ascending the stair. ' By Heaven, I believe it if August Yerkes!' '.vhiepored Sharon, as he hastily entered tl^ closet and olosed the^jdoor. He was none too soon, foil the next moment Yerkes walked briskly up to where the three in^n itood. Something in th^ir Faces tofd him something was amiss— eoin*:- (hin^ to his disadvantage, too. ^ 'You arc probably surprised to see me here again,' remarked he, for want of some- j tiling eUe to say. ' We are indeed ! ' replied Mr. Purvis, regarding him with an ominous look. ' You all appear to be anvthing but pleased t.o see me, 'next remarked the rohbvi aud would-be ua'saMln. ' On the contrary, we are very glad tosoe you,' Hboke the detective, \rlth an ambigu ous smile. j Glancing at the deteotive wi^h a sceptical j air, Yerkes walked to the closet and opened | the door, and the next moment he: uttered a fearful shriek and started back with his hair standing on end, and his face the colour ot H«hC8. ' He had seen (an his guilty conscience told i him) the ghost of his victim, for Sharon ' remained in the closet, perfeotly immovable, I his eyes fixed on tlie guilty wrotch. The horrid vision was too much for his brain to eudure. Yerkes became a raging maniac from that moment, and became sc violent that the detective was obliged tc manacle him hand and foot and again tukn him to the hospital, from whence lie was shortly afterward convoyed to the insane department of the almshouse. Pembroke Sharon was generously recom pensed by his employerfor his heroic attempt topievent the robbery, and promoted to u responsible position in tho store, which !-e flUed with crcdit both to himself and hi* graleful employer. Yerkes lived about ayear after his confine ment, and died a raving maniac ; a terrible retribution forhisattemptto fasten the crinu on an innocent person. 