THE BALLARAT DRAMATIC SOCIETY. “CARPIO.” In the selection of Mr John Finnamore a tragedy of “ Carpio" for performance by the talented amateurs who form the Ballarat Dramatic Society, the managers of that asso- ciation made a choice which was- much more judicious than it might at firsts have been deemed. For “Carpio”is written in smooth and sonorous blank verse, often musical and sometimes poetical, although it has those blunders of redundance and extrava gance that characterise the school to which it belongs—that of Sheridan Knowles, whom in certain passages it irresistibly recalls. Indeed, the hern’s soliloquy in the last scene of the first act is nlmost like an adaptation of Ted's well-known apostrophe to the Swiss mountains. But the weaknesses of the play, no lees than its excellences, commend it for amateur performance. Its characters have not much to do, but they have a great deal to say, and amateurs invariably speak better than they act. Last night they spoke very well, indeed, when they played “Carpio,” and their action was quite equal to the moderate demands made upon it by the author, whose effects are by no means complicated. The plot appeared in The Star of yesterday, and it is therefore sufficient to say that tho first act end? with a dramatic scene, wherein Carpio's frleiula Bwear to defend and assist him in his attempt to gain his father’s freedom; the second with the rescue of Margaret by Carpio at tile liiolhent when tho king endeavors to force her to marry Ramiro; the third with a reproduction of the situation taken from the famous ballad of “ The Spanish champion,” where the king keepß hia word of promise to the ear, but breaks it to the hope by giving up only the dead body .of the father of Carpio; tho fourth with a good tableau, in which Margaret interferes to save tlie life of the king; and the fifth with the death of Margaret, the king, nnd Carpio successively. Tho first of these effects irresistibly recalls tho Beenes in which Hamlet’s companions swear to say nothing of the encounter with tho Ghost, and tho Inst reminds the spec tator of Hnmlot’s despatch of Claudius just before his own death. In short, the tragedy, though a very olever work, is full of uninten tional reminiscences, n strong illustration of that force which the medical fraternity call “unconscious cerebration." It certainly was a courageous net on the part of the amateurs to attempt the per formance at a play in which they had no models to copy or reject, since probably not one of the ladies and gentlemen who took part in the representation last night was old enough to remember tho pro duction of the piece in Melbourne nearly a quarter of a century ago when tho lato Mrs Robert Heir (Fanny Cathcart, afterward Mrs George Darrell) played the heroine. But they all acquitted theinselveß remarkably well, and have na reason to regret their bold experiment. If Mr Treloar, who played Bernardo del Carpio, could forget that there was such an actor as Mr Dimpier in the world, and trust to his own undoubted keenness of dramatic perception, his good ap'pearance,' pleasant voice, and natural power of effec tive speech, he would be twice as successful as he is. Mr Danipier’n manner is itself an adaptation of the late Mr Feciiter’s. It does not nlwaya suit Mr Dampier himself, and it certainly does not suit Mr Treloar. At the -same time Mr Treloar played the part so well that it is a thousand pities he did not play it better, as he could have done if he had been less mindful of his model. He was perfect in the text, ready in action, earnest, and often highly effective. Ha was ad mirably seconded by Mr J: T. Pascoe, who played Gonsalez with remarkable ease, force, nnd naturalness; indeed it was one of the most pleasant and manly impersonations of the evening. Mr W. H. Smith, too, as the foppish Garcias, was singularly good in a class of character amateurs can seldom manage well. Mr J. P. O'Grady represented the extremely unpleasant charac ter of the tyrannical king, Alfonso, with great vigor and emphnsiß without, in any way, overdoing his part; nnd the remaining male parts were satisfactorily impersonated by Mr W. Ninnies (Rainiro), Mr H. Meade (Carlos), Mr M’Ewau (VulapqitfZ), Mr Nelson, (Ferdinand). Mr Carter (Scbast'an), and Mr M’Kissock (Rodrigo). Miss DeVine .scored,a genuine success us had to play a difficult mad scene in the fifth net and bore, nil through the piece, a large share of its burden. She was continually applauded and received some specially fine bouquets. Mrs Treloar was careful and effective in the part of Queen Bertha, and all the characters may be complimented upon their readiness with the text and their general spirit and finish. The costumeß and seenery were far above the ordinary standard at amateur per formances, and the introduced dirge in the Inst act was well song by u quartette of un seen vocalists. It is a tuneful composition and does much credit to Mr Montague, the composer. 