THE FANCY-WORK " GHOST." "I do the work while othere take the credit. I do 'ghoet' work," said a young lady to the writer recently. "However, I get well paid for what I do, eo it is a matter of tutire indifference to me who gains the credit. "No, I am not a literary 'ghost.Jleliove mo, 'gho9t' work is not by any means confined to the literary world. There are plenty of fashionable London people only too eager to avail themselves of the 'aiient worker in the background' basides successful writers. It will bear out what l say when I mention I am A fanoy-work ' ghost.' " How I first came to learn of tliis remune rative kind of work n-as at a shop where I was in the habit of buying my wools and other fanoy materials. I became acquainted with the daughter of the proprietor, and from her I learnt that there were ladies who decorated their homos . with . fancy work, contributed pretty artioles to local ba/.aars, and provided their husbands with slippers and smoking caps, all of which .no one doubted for an instant were the work of thoir own clever fingers, and that they had spent many a weary hour making them. Alas! for the deception of human nature. It was 'ghost,' 'ghost's' work, Avery bit of it. "Through my friend I beoame a fancy worker. . It oame about in this wise. One of their best customers wanted soma work of rather an in tricate pattern ' begun' which they did not oare to undertake, and being a clever worker at all kinds of fanoy work it was given mo. "'I have so much to occupy my ti'mo,'said the lady at our interview, languidly lifting her eyes from the novel she was perusing ias she recJiaed on a lounge, 'that try ihow I will I cannot) find tnuoh leisure for fanoy work. I am passionately fond of it, and it iB quite a punishment not being able to do more. I find it economizes time to have it " begun" for me, and then when I have a few odd moments I take it up. You will let ine have it as soon as passible V " I was » very innoipnt young person in those days as to the little ways of the ' ghost' employer, and I took the work home and worked at it till I thought I had done sufficient for a ' beginning* for htr. She was delighted when she saw it, and said it would do beautifully, and told me to oall on the follow ing morning. " When I went she asked if ' I would do just a trifle more, as she- had so much to do that,' &o.; Well, I called every morning, till the article was finished. Since then I have done a deal- of work for her, in whioh I can truthfully say she has never set a stitch, albeit this ' bis not' prevented her passing e very bit off'as ber own work.' " It may be asked why these ladies do' not buy the artioles already made, but thai course would not gite so genuine an appearance to their labours as having the work about in its various stages.of incompleteness when visitors drop is or when 'hubby* returns home. "A deal--of this 'ghost* work is done by lady' companions. The ladies themselves, tnaybe, do«a few stitches of the work, and then it falls to their companions to ' finish,1 as they oall it, or, more correctly, to make entirely. : ''Ope of tny patrons, #; lady of title, is very fond of "doing a,little of the work and then tiring of it>. FqMuhateljt for me, her com' panion knows little or nothing of fancy work, so my assistance is sought. There is a pecu liarity in_jh5s lady-sfie will always do the first few. stafenes, as" well as the last. It eases her ooimjieuoej -I suppose, when she is showing fnenas'lier' work. | " One lady whom I did a good deal of work I for would make an Attempt it working. How ever, it wm done so badly I invariably bad to undo all of .it; bat then, poor, thing;! she did try to be more genuine than molt of them. When the work was -finished she was in the habit of saying I had rendered her mnoh ania tanoe. "I need to think I had, seeing I had done -Exmange, 