The Advertiser TUESDAY, MAY 23, 1893. HALF a loaf is proverbially better than no bread. The Public Service Provident Fund is much less ambitious than the superannuation scheme which has been so long under consideration, but that fact may be one of its recommendations, and certainly it is better than no provision at all for the contingencies of mortality. The establishment of a public service superannuation fund on the lines of that which has been instituted in the depart- ment of Education is so large a project that it must at any time be confronted by serious difficulties, and the state of affairs just now is exceptionally unfavor- able. With retrenchment in the air uneasiness as to the permanence of their present incomes necessarily prevails among members of the Civil Service. Hence will follow more than ordinary hesitation in accepting fresh responsi- bilities and increased doubts as to whether further insurance premiums can be afforded. Even the possi- bility of the Victorian policy as to sexagenarians being copied here is bound to have some effect, and the reluc- tance of the Government to guarantee financial assistance to the superannuation fund operates as a check to confidence in its practicability. None of these things, however, apply in anything like a cor- responding degree to the scheme for founding a Provident Fund which was detailed before a numerous gathering of Civil servants on Friday evening. It speaks well for the energy and perti- nacity of those who are at the back of the movement that they have not allowed themselves to be discouraged. The more comprehensive plan is bolder and in some aspects more attractive, but at the same time more complex. Though its scope is wider there is an absolute necessity for its basis to be actuarially sound and trust worthy. The more modest enterprise now proposed can be set agoing without any delay, for its stability and usefulness do not depend on mathematics at all, but on esprit de corps and good feeling. The gentlemen who have the welfare of their fellows at heart know only too well the need which exists for some such provision being made. Cases of trouble and dis- tress are constantly arising that necessi- tate appeals to charity. To meet such cases in a systematic way is surely a praiseworthy undertaking. This method of affording relief will not either do away with the desirability of a superannuation fund or hinder its establishment, but it may develop interest in the principle and practice of mutual helpfulness, and thus prove a stepping-stone of considerable utility. The thirty-one rules of the proposed Provident Fund convey to the mind of the superficial reader a suggestion of needless elaboration, but if he be disposed to exercise his critical faculty he will find it difficult to omit a single detail without effecting or at least risking an injury. The main idea is simplicity itself, but to make that idea workable required no small amount of ingenuity. The plan de- pends in fact on an association of principles that does not often occur. It introduces the spirit of a charity organisa- tion society into the business of a mutual insurance company. The members of the fund may dislike the use of the term charity even as they would shrink from being recipients of benefits that might be so described. Nevertheless no other word is so correctly applicable, and it should not be objected to, for it is appropriate in its best and purest sense. No contributor to the fund will ever personally benefit, inasmuch as payments are only to be paid at a mem- ber's death. The object of the fund is to provide for a sum of money to be pay- able to the widow, children, or nominee of a deceased member. Every one knows how frequently the sorrow occasioned by the bereavement of a husband or father is aggravated by financial trouble. The affliction cannot be prevented by human power, but human kindness and fore- thought may mitigate its severity in some aspects at least. The payments are to be graduated from £110 for persons who entered the service at 30 years of age to £75 for those who entered at 65, decreasing at the rate of £1 for every year. These payments are to be made—not out of a fund sustained by regular premiums, as in the case of a benefit society—but as the result of levies struck on the members as occasion may require. In addition to paying an entrance fee of 5s. members are required to agree to the levies being deducted from their salaries, the maximum amount being 10s. in any single month. From this brief outline of the main features of the Provident Fund it will be readily seen that the plan is both simple and ingenious. No large accumulation of capital will be needed, for the levies will only be made as occasion requires. Should there be a surplus at any time the amount of such levies will be eased off. There will be no dunning of members for small amounts, which will facilitate the work and ensure the certainty of col- lection. The possibility of default, therefore, does not exist. There are only two chances of members paying their money without any benefit accruing to their own families or friends. The first of these is in the exceptionally rare instance of a member surviving all his relatives and intimate acquaintances. Such a case is possible, but not by any means common, and even then the mem- ber may if he please devise the amount falling due to some object that commends itself to his judgment. The other chance is that of the membership diminishing instead of increasing after the fund has been floated. This has been foreseen by the promoters and partially provided against, but they regard the contingency as extremely improbable. What is fully expected is that when once the fund is established by 400 members having entered that it will commend itself to public servants generally, and have a career of permanent expansion. Just here the scheme rests itself confidently on the better part of human nature as it does at other points. It is assumed that members of the Civil Service will always be willing to practise a little self-denial for the sake of each other and of those who are or may be dependent upon them. We are not at all sure that the senti- mental support of the scheme may not prove as strong and substantial as any other. The appeal made to self-love, to lay up for a rainy day, is weakness com- pared with that on behalf of the needy and deserving. Equal reliance on gene- rosity is shown in the graduation of pay- ments. An actuary might be expected to lift up his hands in the strongest scientific protest against the plan, but then it does not pretend to be actuarial or scientific, or anything of the kind. The charitable principle governs this part of the scheme, and while the kindly sentiment disregards tables of calculation we have the assu- rance on very high authority that it is the fulfilling of the law. The scheme is one which does great credit both to the hearts and the heads of its originators. It assumes a general, as well as generous, dis- position on the part of Civil servants to provide help when help is most required, which evidences faith in human nature, while it provides a channel for good feel- ing. At the same time the safeguards erected against possible abuses show an amount of keen and jealous scrutiny of the various provisions, which proves that feeling and judgment, kindly impulses and common sense, have wrought hand in hand in perfecting the plan. LEGISLATIVE reform in connection with the liquor traffic is like the poor in the sense that it is always with us. In one form or other the agitation for some alteration in the present system is inces- santly going on. "Best and quiet" are very far from the thoughts of those who aspire to educate public thought and guide Parliamentary action. Though their activity may not always be ap- parent on the surface, little is required to elicit vigorous demonstrations that it is neither abandoned nor suspended. The elicit correspondence that has followed the publication of Mr. Chittleborough's paper on the necessity for different treat- ment of drunkards is only one of many indications that each is the case. The same thing is going on in the other colo- nies, and a noteworthy characteristic that generally prevails is the enlargement of the demands that temperance reformers are making. Though they have not ob- tained all that they have been advocating for many years, instead of limiting the range of their applications so as to bring a measure of success within easier reach, they are doing exactly the reverse. What- ever may be thought of the wisdom or otherwise of this policy there can be little question as to the fact that what may be called the political wing of the great teetotal army has determined, instead of retreating, to take ground in advance. The watchwords in the different colonies where the movement is just now most prominent are somewhat diverse, but they all breathe the same spirit of aggres- siveness. In this colony the slightly vague and perhaps plausible phrase which did duty for so long has given place to one of a more pungent nature, the latest formula being "direct veto" instead of "local option." In New South Wales the battle is to be fought on the principle of local option without compensation. New Zealand again ex- hibiting in this, as in other matters both smaller and greater, the national characteristic of trying to be dif- ferent from and ahead of everybody else, is going for a system of "prohibi- tion by the will of the people," whatever that may mean and involve. It will be clearly perceived that in all these cases there is a manifest disposition to adopt what the licensed victuallers may regard as harsher and more arbitrary measures than have heretofore been proposed. In the absence of any close and effec- tive combination between the temperance parties in the several colonies, and of any considerable amount of concerted action, the exhibition of the same spirit and aims in the respective localities suggests the operation of certain impulsive forces that are common to all. Possibly the growing political influence of women is to be reckoned as one of these. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union has brought a new element into play. As an organisation it has a definite plat- form, and considering its numerical strength is fairly assertive. Among its departments of work the amendment of the licensing laws holds a prominent place, and its leaders have distinguished themselves by a fervid zeal amounting in many cases to enthusiasm. The devotion of women to any object on which they have set their hearts is proverbially in- tense. They are not in the habit of counting the cost whether the thing they desire be the ballot or a bonnet. They abhor compromises as nature abhors a vacuum, though they may be coaxed or cajoled into accepting them. "Give me, or else I die," was a true woman's utterance, and shows that feminine feel- ings have not greatly changed in the last three or four thousand years. History is full of proofs that women will go faster and further than men, when they have a chance, and that they can carry the sterner sex with them over the lines drawn by pru- dential caution. This "wholesouledness" —an Americanism, is appropriate when an importation from America is the subject in hand—has infused into other organisa- tions something of its own character. The women leaders of the new move- ment are constantly either teasing or im- ploring their male fellow-workers to take bolder action, and not without effect. On the same side may be placed the growing political influence of labor. Although the platform of the United Labor Party at the last general elections in this colony did not include any direct reference to liquor law amendments, it may fairly be said that among the political aims of labor leaders generally the reform of sumptuary laws according to the will of the people is included. This principle synchronises in great measure with that of temperance re- formers, and may be regarded by them as suggestive of an alliance. Turning to the other colonies to see what is being done, it is instructive to observe that in Victoria local option is practically given up as a failure. When the Act was passed the question was sup- posed to be sealed, but the measure has proved exceedingly unsatisfactory in operation and so costly when applied that it may almost be said to have become a dead letter. In New South Wales a Bill has been drafted that should be suffi- ciently sweeping to satisfy the most ardent reformer. It provides that a poll may be obtained in any electoral district by one tenth of the electors on any one of three questions, viz., entire prohibition, reduc- tion of licenses to a given number, and the non-issue of new licenses, which will be decided by a simple majority. The Bill has had a curious history. Though prepared a year ago and more, it was only introduced in the middle of last month. Originally it con- tained no provision for compensating publicans whose houses were closed, but the preliminary resolution caused the in- sertion of a clause embodying the prin- ciple of compensation. On the motion for introducing the measure, however, this clause was struck out by 57 votes to 40\. Elated by this victory, the temper- ance party is angry with Mr. Kidd that the Bill has again been hung up. The harassed Minister who has charge of the Bill resents being considered lukewarm, and declares he has had no chance. A few days ago, however, he expressed him- self as convinced that before the close of the present Parliament the Bill would pass into law. Judging from present ap- pearances New Zealand is the colony in which the liquor interest has the gloomiest prospects. A system has already been adopted there of elective licensing com- mittees and a triennial vote of rate- payers as to whether there shall be any increase of licenses. The plan is not regarded as perfect by either side. Pro- hibition is rendered possible in an in- direct way by a committee being chosen that will not license any public-houses at all. In some cases this has been done, but in others the action of the committee has been overruled by the Supreme Court. Accordingly the demand is now being insisted upon that before a com- mittee is elected there shall be a vote on the question whether any licenses shall be issued, and if the question be decided in the negative no committee shall be chosen. This is called "prohibition by the will of the people." Flushed with success in some localities and angry because of defeat in others, the New Zealand Alliance is entering on a fresh campaign in view of the coming elections. A recent telegram stated that the entire strength of the temperance party will be con- centrated on returning candidates in favor of the local veto. The prevailing spirit is shown in other ways. One of the most influential religious organisations in New Zealand lately passed a resolution em- phatically condemning the action "in thwarting the will of the people by grant- ing a club license to one of the hotels recently closed by the licensing com- mittee," and also released one of its ablest ministers from other duties that he might be free to aid in carrying on the tem- perance crusade. It will be quite in keeping with the New Zealand tendency to try experiments in social legislation if the next House of Representatives con- tains a majority pledged to women's suffrage, the local veto of the liquor trade, and similar "reforms." The Leigh's Creek coal mine has given rise to feelings almost as inflammable as the substance it yields. Nor can it be said that the language of some of the shareholders has been deficient in warmth, and we must admit that if the shareholders are justified in their com- plaints they have reason for their annoy- ance. To possess a mine that ought to be yielding a handsome return and is not, is a little vexing. It is disappointing enough when a specula- tion that promised wealth to its investors turns out to be valueless, but when ex- pectation is falsified by negligence, dila- toriness, and blundering, the choler in "the natural man" is apt to rise. Whether or not the directors deserved the hard things said of them may be judged from the report presented to the meeting last night. It was scarcely fair to have condemned them unheard, as several at the previous gathering were disposed to do, and in respect to moderation the meeting last night was distinctly an improvement on its predecessor. The defence of the direc- tors, whatever an impartial mind may think, was not convincing to those imme- diately concerned, and in any case we imagine the board would have consulted their dignity by taking the course they actually did. Substantially their pleas are that the mine was economically managed, that there was no deficiency of sound judgment on their part, nor lack of energy. The failure of the mine to realise expectation is attributed to nothing but the want of capital. The explanation in one or two particulars may leave some- thing to be desired. That good marketable coal is being raised now and was not raised earlier suggests a question that is scarcely answered by the statement that "the coal has been latterly good because the directors insisted on concentrating their energies where good coal was to be found." Why did they not do so before? It seems clear that rightly or wrongly the directors had lost the confidence of the shareholders, and this being so it is well that the transfer of control to other hands has been effected without further loss of time. All, not omitting the late directors, agree that the property is a valuable one, and it will be a matter for the new directors to consider whether the capital immediately available is sufficient for the proper development of the mine without resorting to reconstruction. A payable coalfield is a national desideratum, and it is to be regretted that dissensions between the directors and shareholders should have interfered for a moment with the development of the Leigh's Greek mine. It is difficult to know whether the hypo- thetical Tantanoola tiger is to be taken Seriously, or, for the matter of that, whether he is to be taken at all. We have it on the authority of Mr. Phil Robinson that evasiveness is a very dis- tinctly marked feline characteristic, and the animal in question lives up to the reputation of his genus—that is, if he does really exist. The search party which visited his supposed habitat one day last week with the amiable purpose of giving him a morning call acquired a con- siderable amount of evidence, but it was purely of a negative character. The party was sufficiently numerous and re- spectable to expect fair and civil treat- ment, and if the tiger, sulking in his equivalent for a tent, baffled it by pre- tending to be not at home his behaviour was unquestionably shabby. Twenty- three gentlemen, including several crack shots of the local Volunteer Military Force, an inspector of police, and a trooper, ought not to have been ignored after that fashion. It is not on record, however, that tigers are familiar with the etiquette of civilised society, nor is it reasonable to suppose that they would be particular to observe it if they were. The lordly lion is credited with a much finer sense of propriety, as witness the story of Androcles, who having earned the forest monarch's gratitude by performing a trifling surgical operation was treated afterwards with splendid hospitality. Tigers are different. Their keepers say they are never to be implicitly trusted, and it was judicious of the search party to take a couple of policemen along with them that other means might be rein- forced by the majesty of the law. It is doubtful for all that if the tiger would have yielded to the half-coaxing appeal to "come along quietly," or submitted to be handcuffed. The presence of a crowd does not generally have a soothing effect on a tiger's nerves, or develop in him be- coming respect for constituted authority. Artemus Ward tells how he enjoyed the fun when the "Secesters" tried to "con- fisticate" his show. They let all the animals loose, including "a small but healthy tiger" that had an eccentric way of tearing dogs to pieces when he could get at them. The showman says he laughed when he saw the tiger spring among the crowd. "I can't say for certain that the tiger serisly injured any of them, but as he was seen a few days after sum miles distant with a large and well-selected assortment of seats of trousers in his mouth, and as he looked as though he had bin having sum vilent exercise, I rayther guess he did. You will therefore perceive that they didn't confisticate him much." Had the Tantanoola tiger displayed similar promptitude and fertility of resource the telegraphed account of its excursion would have been vastly more exciting. It seems that the beaters disturbed num- bers of wallabies and wild fowl, but failed to discern any tokens of the royal game they were after. Although Bottom, the weaver, protested that "there is not a more fearful wild fowl than your lion living," winged tigers only exist in imagination, and as a carnivorous mar- supial would be as great a monstrosity as a griffin. All the "shoving" failed of its purpose. It was certainly disappointing. In addition to lethal weapons the party was provided with plaster of paris to take an impression of fugitive footprints, but were not successful in discovering even a track. The finale—if this is the finale— is very unsatisfactory. Evidence of a tiger's presence in the neighborhood is slim and shadowy. What circumstantial evidence there is to support it is even more diaphanous and attenuated. A tradition exists of a cub having been lost somewhere there abouts three years ago. By this time such an eastray if still sur- viving should have attained formidable proportions and a healthy appetite. Awkward questions are asked as to where he has hidden himself and how he has subsisted. Tigers do not in a state of freedom hanker after fern roots, and the scanty vegetable diet of the Australian bush would be insufficient if this one proved an exception. Only a robust faith would accept the theory that until a few weeks ago an animal which habitually "changes his spots" maintained as much secretiveness as a coiner, and either lived like an anchorite or contented himself with wallabies and wildfowl for his diet. It is proverbially difficult to prove a negative, which is one reason why spooks and ghost stories obtain so much credence. An aboriginal would settle the matter with the swiftness of unsophisti- cated instinct. He would classify the tantalising Tantanoola tiger along with the bunyip and the debil-debil. Although it is known that prominent politicians on the Opposition side of the As- sembly are endeavoring to adjust their differences with a view to the tabling of a no confidence motion immediately the House meets, the Ministry profess to feel no mis- giving as to the result if such a course is taken. Stability of government, they argue, is especially needed in the presence of the financial crisis through which all Australia is now passing, and they trust to the common sense of Parliament "not," as Abraham Lin- coln used to phrase it, "to swap horses while crossing over a stream." There will be three ex-Premiers occupying seats to the left of the Speaker, but Mr. Holder, as the latest to leave office, is so far recognised as the leader of the Opposition. Although the House of Assembly still wears a deserted appearance, the Chamber looks bright and fresh. The draperies have all been taken down and thoroughly cleansed, whilst the carpets hare been submitted to the usual process, the result being that the hall now looks its best, though, of course, there will be a marked changed when the members gather in their seats. The electric light has been thoroughly examined, and gives promise of working better than it did last session. Though Parliament does not meet until Thursday, June 8, the old and the new members have all paid the Chamber a visit, and have selected their seats. There is no standing order with regard to the selection of seats, but the memben who form the Ministry always retain possession of the Treasury benches to the immediate right of the Speaker, unless a majority of the House decide otherwise. The practice with regard to the seats of private members is to allow the old members to have the first choice. Captain Randell takes Mr. Moule's old place on the left of the Speaker, and he is joined by Mr. Short and Mr. Blacker, the later having crossed from the western side of the House. The Hon. G. C. Hawker retains his old place immediately on the left of the Speaker's chair, whilst Mr. Gilbert's name is on the bench immediately behind, he having come across from the Ministerial back benches. Mr. McPherson too has crossed over, and now has a place between Mr. Kingston and the Hon. Dr. Cockburn on the Opposition back bench. Messrs. MacGillivray and Archibald, two labor members, sit in the corner to the left of the Speaker and nearly facing the latter's chair, the pair being divided by another new member in the person of Mr. McLachlan. In the old Parliament Messrs. K. Kelly and White occupied two of these positions. Mr. Giles retains the old spot, but Mr. Poyn- ton has taken the bench on which Mr. Castine was wont to recline his military figure, whilst two opposites— Messrs. Riddoch and Wood—have secured the other two resting-places of the row. Messrs. H. E. Downer, Playford, and Handy- side have kept their old bench—once christened "Chancery-lane." Messrs. Gillen and J. R. Kelly have not changed, and they are now joined by Mr. Lake, who has deserted the other side of the House and taken the seat at the extreme end of the bench. Mr. Landseer keeps his old seat in the Ministerial corner, but he has lost his two former companions (Messrs. Parsons and Hancock), whose places are now taken by Messrs. Foster and Bur- goyne. Mr. Hourigan will address tha House with his feet on the same carpet on which Mr. Gould stood to harangue his fellow members. His colleague, Mr. Brooker, will be at his side. Mr. Cook, who formerly delivered him- self from the back bench near the Speaker's gallery on the Ministerial aide of the Chamber, has now joined Messrs. Solomon and Hooper immediately behind the Ministerial benches. The next row at the back will again hold the forms of Messrs. Johnson, Scherk, and McDonald, while the three adjoin- ing seats will be filled by Messrs. Coney- beer, Batchelor, and Price, one of whom takes Mr. Gilbert's place, the latter having crossed over. Mr. Jenkins has obtained pos- session of Mr. Cock's old place, but apparently no member was anxious to secure the bench whence the "voice of the country" made itself heard. Mr. Ash is in his well-known corner, and his next neighbor will be Mr. White, who will face the Speaker's chair. Mr. Coles has not taken a bench, but it is considered certain that his dignified form will again repose in the big chair at the head ot the House. Mr. F. Hal- comb, who has returned from his holiday trip to England and the Continent, will resume his old place at the table in front of the Speaker as clerk of the Assembly. In order to allow Mr. Halcomb to receive his well earned rest the clerk of Parliaments, Mr. Blackmore, came out of the Council and took up the work of the Assembly with the able aid of Mr. A. E. Wilby. Mr. Morphett filled Mr. Black- more's place, whilst Mr. W. W. Wilby was transferred to the Upper House to assist him. Mr. Blackmore will now resume his old position. Two distinguished gentlemen come as pas- sengers by the Royal mail steamer Parra- matta, very appropriately named in this instance, to take high office in New South Wales. The first is Sir Robert W. Duff, who has been appointed to succeed the Earl of Jersey as Governor. The second is Colonel E. T. H. Hutton, who takes the place of Major-General J. S. Richardson as Commandant ot the local military forces of the same colony. A gentle- man who met him in England describes the colonel as "a magnificent fellow, handsome in appearance, and standing 6 ft. high in his shoes." He is also spoken of as a good organiser and altogether as just the sort of man who is wanted in a colony like that to which he is going. Biographically it is stated of Colonel Hutton, who was quite recently appointed A.D.C. to the Queen, that he was born December 6, 1848, and educated at Eton. He joined the 60th Rifles in August, 1867. After serving as adjutant he passed the Staff College in 1881, and has since been employed on the staff in various capacities. Promoted Lieu- tenant-Colonel May 29, 1889, he served with the 3rd Battalion of the 60th Rifles in the Zulu war of 1879; was present at the battle of Ginginhlovo and the relief of Ekowe, after- wards serving as A.D.C. to Major-General J. N. Crealock, C.B., commanding the 1st Division. For these services he was men- tioned in dispatches, besides receiving the medal with clasp. Colonel Hutton served in the Boer war in 1881, in command of a squadron of Barrow's Mounted Infantry, and throughout the Egyptian war of 1882 as military secretary and A.D.C. to Major- General Sir Archibald Alison. He raised and organised the Mounted Infantry Corps, and was present at the reconnaissance in force from Alexandria on August 5, when he was again mentioned in dispatches, and he was at the battle of Tel-el-Kebir. For this he was mentioned in dispatches, receiving the brevet of major, the medal with clasp, the 4th claw of Medjidie, and the Khedive's star. He served later with the Nile Expedition in 1884- 85 as Commandant of Mounted Infantry, and subsequently as Deputy Assistant Adjutant- General, and raised the 1st and 2nd Battalions of Mounted Infantry. For this service he re- ceived a clasp to add to previous decora- tions. Appointed to the Aldershot Head- quarter Staff in 1887 he organised in February, 1888, the Mounted Infantry for Home Service (12 companies), which he commanded until August 31, 1892. Taking a leading part in the organisation of the Alder- shot Military Society in December, 1887, he performed the duties of hon. secretary and treasurer from that date until August 31, 1892\. Colonel Hutton has also taken a pro- minent part during the last two years in the improvements which have been carried out in the arrangements for the soldier's mess. He married in June, 1889, Eleanor Mary, daughter of Lord Charles Paulet, and granddaughter of the twelfth Marquess of Winchester. The Parramatta, with Sir R. W. Duff and Colonel Hutton on board, is expected to reach Largs Bay late to-night. The Right Hon. Jesse Collings, Liberal Unionist member for the Bordesley division of Birmingham, writes by the last mail to thank the proprietors of The Advertiser for forwarding to him the Acts of Parliament and other docu ments relating to the homestead block system, • mDvementtawhiehheiamuchinterested. As a. remit of reading a leading article on the subject in Tke Adtertiter Mr. ColUnga wrote to the Hon. W. Crosby, M.L.C., of Hobart, asking him to Bend each information as was available concerning the homestead blocks legislation in Togne in Sooth Au&traluC.; The communication was referred to this offloe, and the documents asked for wen at onoe forwarded to England. Mr. Callings ia the author of the famous phrase, "four anas and a cow," and some yean ago lie took the fust step toward* (riving legislative effect to hi* suggested scheme of small holdings by moving an amendment in that direc tion when the Queen's speech was under consideration in the House of Common*- He was then a Gladstonian, bat the split caused in the Liberal party by the conversion of Mr. Gladstone to the Home Bole doctrine caused such an upheaval in British politics that Mr. Colling* has not ainoe had a fitting opportunity of again bringing forward his favorite proposals. He fa a man having much personal influence in the House, in whioh he has sat for thirteen yean. Bob-Inspector Shaw has informed the Pre- Bident of the Central Board of Health of the receipt of the following report from Dr. Robertson on Mondaymoriung:—"Hie patient at Beaumont is getting on splendidly. She was up yesterday for half an hour for the first time. She will be allowed up for a little longer to day. She is rapidly gamine strength." Mr. Henry Halloran, C.M.G., whose death was announced from Sydney in Monday's Advertiser, was the eon of the late Rev. L. H. Halloran, and he- was born in 1811 at Gape town, where bis father was then chaplain to the forces. When he was quite a boy he arrived in New South Wales with his father's regiment, and he entered the pnblio servioe there in 1828. His promotion was steady, if not particularly rapid, and in 1866 he became principal Under-Secretary with a, very com fortable salary. Afbar holding that office for 12 yean he retired on a liberal pension, while be was at the same time created a Companion of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. Mr. Halloran was married more than half a century ago, and at the time of the Crimean war he became a lieutenant of the Volunteer Cavalry raised to resist one of she many rumored Russian invasions which have at various times scared Australians and roused their military order. He was a citizen soldier for 10 years, but only smelt powder on parade days. Mr. Halloran was a prolific writer, principally in verse, for the press, and in 1887 he published a volume of "Poems, Odes, and Bongs." On Monday afternoon a large number of persons assembled at the Adelaide railway station to wish good-bye to the Rev. H. W. Horwill, M. A., who left for England via New Zealand by the Melbourne express. Mr. Hot will wOl arrive in BogUnd to attend the next annual Bible Christian Oonfsrenos at St. Amtell, Com wall, which com menoes its sitting on August 2. Amongst those present were the Beva. C. Tresise (president of the Bible Christian Conference), O. Lake, J. Thome, T. McNeil, T. E. Keen, J. CoUings, a J. Martin, C. EL Schafer, J. Day Thompson, and J. C. HOI, Dr. Ton, Messrs. L. J. Ryan, & J. Batten, B. H. Wilson, J. G. Afthton, Joseph As'hton, W. O. North, B. Gould, J. T. Martin, T. Richards, Jos. Parker, J. H. Pomeroy, J. W* Inghanj, W. Biseley, A. Poddy, R. Wood, M.P., J. Blatohford, W. Diment, J. W. Ingham, J. E. Pasooe, and Langter, the Hon. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C., Major Beach, Captain PoUlaias, and a number of students from Way College. On the departure of the train One cheers were given for Mr. HorwflL Tn the morning, at the invitation of his Honor the Chief Justice, Mr. Horwill and a number of Bible Christian ministers, with the president of the BMe Christian Conference and Dr. Torr, took breakfast at Montefiore. Port Adelaide ? at present mid to be suffer ing from a severe depression, as all the engi neering and shipbuilding establishments an practically at a standstill. Much of this is due to the change caused by the substitution of atosm for sailing power in the shipping trade. In the days of small ships the slips at Birken head were equal to anything that came np the river, but now they are obsolete and it ia felt that the ravages made is the industries depen dent upon the shipping trade can only be re paired by the construction of a graving dook at the Port. Thongh the Government are having the river deepened to 23 ft> at low water so that vessels earn eome up to the wharf at all states of the tide. Port Adelaide cannot dook its own registered ahipping. An attaint to remedy this was made by Mr. Fletcher, bat the task was too great to be successfully con cluded by private enterprise. Lately a Royal Commission investigated the matter, and de cided against the scheme, but it is likely that the labor membra lot she Port in both Houses will have something to say on the subject when Parliament meets. Providing a dock fox Port Adri«M? was one of the looal planks of the Labor Party, aadit is stated that a agkenM to deal with the ques tion is already afloat. It is proposed to build a floating dock at a oast of £60,000 capable of lifting a 6.000-ton ship. If this were done, it is claimed, much of the trade of Port Adelaide which has drifted to Sydney will be won back. Some months ago she board of governors of the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery reoeived intimation of the existence of a de posit of fossil bones in the bed of Lake Mulli gan—a dry salt lake-bed situated to the north of liake Frotne. Acting on the information reoeived Mr. Henry Hunt, formerly in the employ of the Geological Survey of Queens land, was dispatched to the locality in ques tion to inspect, finooaraged by his favorable report the board of governors decided to undertake a sysfamatia search, and in January last Mr. Hurst, with two assistants, proceeded to Lake Mulligan with the necessary outfit for excavating and preserving the bones, which are always exceedingly fragile. Several re ports of a very favorable character has been received respecting the pro gress of the work,, and which indi cate that the richness of the field in fossil bones has been in no way exaggerated. By the latest advices it appears that three nearly com plete skeletons of the diprotodon—the largest of the extinct marsupial*—bawbees unearthed, together with over 2,000 separate bones of the same, animal belonging to over 70 indi viduals. The scientific importance of this diaoovery will be evident from the fad that though frequent disooreries have been made in Australia of bones and teeth of this gigantio marsupial, whioh exceeded a rhinoceros in size, no complete skeleton exists in any museum, nor among otbnr missing bones have those Df the fore and hind feet ever been dis covered. The determination of these will probably throw much light on the as yet imperfectly known affinitiei and h?ht*i of this huge beast. Visitors to the South Anatraliaa Museum wHI remember that in the north, room, of the feat floor is to be seen a very perfect aknll of a diprotodom 'found at Bundey, whioh measures 3 ft. in length, and also many other bones of the same animal which wen excavated at this and various other looalitaea. Besides the dipro todon remains there have been found also, at Lake Mulligan, portions of three skeletons of thegiam wombat, which equalled a bullock in siza, and of a gigantio extinct bird, allied on the one hand to the emu and oaths other to the extinct Boa of Sew Zealand. There have also been discovered the remains of one or two other animals of whish the nature is yet un known and which an probably new to eoienee. These particulars are sufficient to show *he^e markable character of this discovery, whioh probably exceeds in magnitude and importance any other of a like nature Oat haa been made in Australia. It is expected that tome of the specimens will shortly be dispatched from the scene of operations, but owing to the difficul ties of transport over a distantt of 18D miks in an unfavorable season it will be some time be fore the grart mats of material, amounting to some tons, wSI reach the Museum. In tbe meantime the search is stall being prosecuted, and it may be expected that further important discoveries wul bo made. Better acoouatt bar* reached the Inspector of Mines from the Glen Taggart goldfield. What is considered a fin* lead has been met with opposite tbe gate at tbe entrance to the field, and one ma* fcea afakajaed batween 6 and 7 oz. in two days. The report which an nounced this new development states:—"ln the wash one stone carrying gold freely is easily discernible with the naked eye." The travelling ticket collectors have been watching the Port line very closely of late. They do not appear to have detected any flagrant breaches of the regulation?, but on Monday when they visited Alberton at a time when a great many people were re turning to business after dinner a number ot would-be travellers were startled by having the entrance-gate dosed in their faces. The rail way authorities claim the right to close the barrier against passengers when the train is in tbe station, bnt in this instance if they had en forced this regulation great inconvenience would have been caused, so the head collector alloa-ed those on the wrong side of the wicket to pass through and get into the train. Two or three belated passengers who came np jost before the train started were refused admission, and were forced either to wait for the next train or walk to the Port. The Northern Territory is a large con stituency, and returns come in very slowly, as some of the ballot boxes have to be carried many hundreds of miles before their contents oan be oounted. The scrutiny of the votes oast in the contest on Saturday, May 6, is not yet complete, but it is expected that the full totals will be reached to- morrow when a farther batch of boxes will reaohthe returning-omoer. At present Mr. V. L. Solomon, thn late member, is at the head of the poll, with Mr. Griffith in the second place, and Mr. Stow dose behind, while Mr. Coward brings up the rear. It is not ei psoted that the fresh figures will alter tbe relative positions of the candidates, although the gap between the second and third men may be decreased. The first locomotive of colonial manufacture to be run on the Port line in connection with the passenger service was pat into commission on Saturday, when she carried out her duties successfully. The engine was made by Messrs. J. Martin & Co., of Gawier, and bears the number 21, replacing an engine of the same number manufactured by Messrs. Beyer, Pea cock, & Co., oE Manchester. The new engine is of the class usually employed on the Port line, there being nothing but the name plate to distinguish it from the well-known English make with which everybody k famflif?T. Several years ago an embankment running from Port Adelaide to Bolivar was constructed as a relief work by the Government. The work was a very useful one as it redaimed a large area of land between the Port and Dry Cre?Jc, and protected the Port and its suburbs from the inundations to whioh they had previously been subjected. The success which attended this venture has encouraged the Labor Party to petition the Government to extend the work in order to give employment to tile large number of men out of employ ment. They propose that an embank ment shall be carried along the coast from Port Adelaide to St. Hilda, reclaiming the swamp land lying between the Port Adelaide Bivor, St. Kilda beach, and the old embank ment, and which would, it ia estimated, be equal to 5,950 acres. If this area were re claimed it would bs possible to irrigate it with the outfall from the Sewage Farm, and aa tbe land, although charged with salt, is of good quality it is thought it could be put to excel lentuae, while the Islington workshops would be relieved of the nuisance to which they are sub jected through their proximity to the Sewage Farm. On Friday last an interesting event oc curred at tbe outlet tunnel works at Happy Valley, when Mr. J. J. Leahy, the con tractor for these works, fired the first shot on the tunnel face at the south end. The foot that the face was ready for blasting speaks volumes for the energy of the contractor, as the contract was only signed on Thnrsday fortnight, and since then some 2,000 cubic yards of material have been excavated at both ends to admit of the passage of necessary tracks into the tunnel for the removal of the excavated material, acd some 20 to 30 men have found employment. In a very ehort time the machinery for the rook drills will be in position, and the scene win be an animated one, as directly tunnelling operations are in f nil swing tbe number of men employed will be largely increased. A complimentary dinner will be given tonight, at the Alma Hotel, Lobethal, to Mr. C. G. Gurr, one of the unsuooeeeful can didates for Onkaparinga at the last general election. The chair will be occupied by the Hon. J. H. Gordon, one of the representatives of the Southern district of the Legislative Counofl. The B.M.S. Parramatta left King George's Sound at 7 P-m. on Saturday, and is expected to reach Largs Bay at about mid night. Dr. John Bees was in a low condition on Monday evening, and be was greatly exhausted for want of eleep. Telephone offices have been opened at Johns berg and Blaokrook, the former place having been oooneoted with Oarrieton and the latter withOrroroo. On Sunday night Miss MoNaDy, of Ker mode-street, North Adelaide, reported to the pclice that on Tuesday last her aunt, Annie McNally, of Carrie-street, was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital suffering from' a diriocated shoulder caused by falling on the floor in her own house. On Sunday evening she was taken home, where she died immediately afterwards. Dr. Todd was called in, bnt the patient died before bis arrival. The doctor at tbe hospital has given a certificate of death, and no inquest will be held. We have received the following telegram> dated Fowler's Bay, May 22, from Mr. D. Lindsay, who is leading an exploration ex pedition into West Australia:—" Arrived Saturday. Detained by heavy rains which have fallen all along the coast. The prospeoti of a good season are assured. Am favorably impressed with west ooast lands. Leaving to-day." There is no improvement in tbe condition of his Grace Archbishop Reynolde. The lioness at the Adelaide Zoological Gardens gave birth to two cubs on Friday last. We have received -from Messrs. E. & W. Haokett, the well-known nurserymen and florists^ of Bundle street, a copy of the fourth edition of their excellent "Manual for the Garden and Farm." The book is very hand somely got up, and contains more than 200 pages of matter, which cannot fail to be in teresting to all engaged in the cultivation of the toS. Illustrations of flowers, fruits, vegetables, and grasses ore plentiful, while representations of useful implements are also present, together with plates showing some of tbe mote mis chievous insect pests, the best methods of destroying these foes to the tiller of the soil being likewise set forth. Very foil and accurate information is (riven on many points likely to be of value to gardeners, farmers, and orchardista, while care is taken to render the contents comprehensible, as well by the amateur as the professional agri culturist. Useful tables in respect to plant ing and manuring are prefixed to tbe work, which also contains a carefully complied calen dar ehooring the proper planting operation* to be undertaken in each month of tbe year on the farm, in the vegetable garden, and in the flower bed. The catalogue of stede, bulbs, and tubers is fully descriptive, the reader being further aided by en gravings of the matured flower, vegetable, or plant. The volume as a whole reflects the greatest credit upon compiler, printer, and publisher, while it is calculated to instruct as well as to interest ail who examine it. A floral design on the cover of the book is especially worthy of notice. It consists of a vase in the shape of a nautilus shell, supported by two dolphins, and filled with beautiful native grasses -and blooms. The artist has been most successful in delineating orchids, heaths, ferns, grasses, and flowers familiar to all who roam through Sooth Anasalian woods, while the colors have been very deftly managed. The printers are Messrs. Husaey & Gilling ham, who have also executed tile lithographs. The second of tbe course of six f me lectures arranged by the commitUe of the Hindmatsh Institute wfll be given this evening by Dr. Cockbum in the local Town HalL The subject is "A labor of love." Mr. G. O. Robertson, the boo. secretary to tbe Adelaide Block 14 ahareboldere committee, baaarted as todirectattention toanadrertiw nent in aaothnr column cautioning them as to the disposal of their proxies. Some un authorised canvassers are waiting upon share holders, and by misrepresenting that they are working for Mr. Laughton, are obtaining Moxjes, which mar be misused* 