A Hobart Sensation. An incident, which at first seemed to point to the discovery of a myaterioua and ghostly crime, but which terminated in rather a humourous manner, is reported from Hobart. One night recently two young men in reduced circumstances applied for quarters at the Old Nuraes' Home in Liverpool- atreet, which a short time ago was opened as a relief restau- rant. Their request was granted, and they were placed in one of the numerous rooms in the building. The next morning they re- ported that they had heard most weird noises while endeavouring to snatch a few hours' sleep on their improvised beds. This state- ment recalled certain rumours of days gone by that the pl*oe was haunted. At Hobart the older portion of the Nurses' Home has been reported at intervale for years to be the rendezvous of a spectre of a woman, and the locale of strange noises at midnight. The building haB a history. It was origin- ally a female hospital, then an emigrant depot ; next a Nurseß' Home ; and ia now utiliBed in many wayB as a refuge for a few deatitutes, a Belief Restaurant, and a meeting place for one or two scratch organi- sations. There are many " fairy tales" told about the old building and of the " rum characters" said to have been quartered there. About a dozen years ago a scare arose as to a ghost being seen in the main corridor and in the long ward on the Bathurst-street side of the building (subsequently divided into three apartments as it now stands). It waa at that time a female hospital. The nurses used to declare that they heard footsteps and other unaccountable noisea in the corridor at night, especially at the upper end of the ward. Then, about eight yean ago, Nursfc Masters became very terrified, saying she had seen the ghost there. The Nurses Player and M'Kay reported having seen it ; and another nurse, whoBe name for certain reasons is not mentioned, waa so frightened by seeing the spectre, or thinking she saw it, that she at once left the hospital. Latterly, since the nnries have quitted it for the new Nurses' Home in Argyle-street, the apparition has been reported to have re- appeared. It appears that in Hobart there is at pre- sent a little organisation of spiritualists, and the report of the two startled sleepers in the Nurses' Home reached the ears of Messrs. B B. Gawne and Bugby, who take a prominent interest in spiritualism and clairvoyance. These enthusiast», with a number of their friends, decided to investigate these alleged " spiritualistic manifestations" at the institu- tion. A night was fixed upon, and between 10 and 11 o'clock the party assembled in the room off the main corridor whore the young men had slept. There were both ladiea and gentlemen present, and it was decided to hold a spiritualistic seance. Chairs were ranged round in a ring, and all caught handä as they 'sat in the circle. Then the room waa dark- ened, and the spirits were called forth by one of the gentlemen who acted as the " medium." Meanwhile the ladies became extremely ner VOUB, and stories were told of murders and restless spirits which worked the party up to a high pitch of fearful excitement. Then, suddenly, it is averred, a Bpeetral figure of a woman rose from the hearthstone in front of them, passed through the little family circle, and disappeared as though she went through the wall at the opposite end of the room. Mr. Gawoe and two or three of the party declare that they saw it, and that there were other " manifestations." At any rate, the whole party were thrown into a perfect spasm of terror, and there was an instant rush into the corridor. It waa intended to keep the incident ns secret as possible among the initiated of the " circle," but Mr. Gawne said the manifes- tations indicated to him there was hidden crime connected with the place. The Deem- ing murders and concealments by burying human bodies under che hearthstone were thought of. That was the very thing. They must have the hearthstone up. The athletic and venturesome Gawne thereupon, with the assistance of a wording man, repaired to the institution and got permission to raise the floor and make a search in the ohamber of mysteries. Soon the crowbar and spade were at work, and the hearthstone waa raised, and a quantity of earth removed. Going down a little lower some remains were discovered in the shape o£ numerous bones, parts of a skull, boneB like those of an arm, paris of a vertebral, a tooth, etc, also pieces of cloth, an old safety pin, and a spent bullet. These were all gathered together and taken »way by Mr. Gawne as proof of the ability to diseovor wondrous things by means of spintuhiiftn. Subsequently a reporter called upon Mr. Gawne, who, in reply to an inv;f ti.it) to ¿¡ive bis version of. the t»ffuir,_siiid, " Wo un* muni festations, and n clairvoyant a mile off !".* it at the same moment. And those maniiesta tions have led to the discovery of these bon*»s." It was then pointed out to Mr. GawD« that if he thought there were really any human remains among them, he should not have re- moved them from the home, but have given information to the police. This, he said, had not "struck" him before, and he accordingly took the bones to the police station, where they were examined by two or three veterans in the police service, who concluded that there were no human remains amGng them. The piece of skull was probably part of a sheep's head, and some of the other bones perhaps part of the backbone of a crossbred merino. After the excavations which Mr. Gawne had made the room looked very much RB if a miniature, earthquake had happened in it. Half rotten bricks, a big hearthstone, and a good wheelbarrow-full of mould lay on the bouda, There was quite a tunnel under the boarding, and the conclusion come to by the general unbeliever in spiritualism and " mediums" was that the hollow place under the hearthstone was a rats' dining-room, and that all the " unearthly noises" heard from time to time on the premises were caused by the same obtrusive vermin. 