THE STORYTELLER. THE MYSTERY OF THE BLACK SWAMP. I By Majliia. The close of the summer ot '81 found John Thurston prospecting among the Wnhringa Ranges in the Burnett district of Queensland: a hatter for the time being, Ins only com panions his two horses and a collie nog. lie had only intended remaining out six weeka, but the country looked so promising that it tempted him to prolong his stay until his rations were nearly finished. Wherever he had tried he had got colours of gold, yet had found nothing payable. The " southerly wind " in the ration-bags compelled him re luctantly to give up his search, so one morn ing he saddled up, and putting the lightened pack cn old Hanker, he started across for the head of Condarine Creek, which would lead him down to the Burnett River, from which he could reach the township of Gaynford. Ife had been feeling unwell for some days; that afternoon a violent attack of fever and ague came u|>on him, and he could proceed | uo further. Reaching a little tlat among the hills, he managed to unpack and hobble out the horses, and then cast himself upon his blanket on the ground, too ill to make a more comfortable camp. For three days he | lay there, scarcely moving, except when thirst compelled him to crawl to the water hole. Strong doses of quinine at length drove the fever from him, and on the fourth day he found himself free, but very weak in body and with his head light from the quantity of the powerful drug he had taken. He could bear the tinkling of the bells on bis horses down the fiat, for being good campers they never Btrayedfarif grass'was plentiful. Having caught them, he packed up, and after taking some tea and a little food, he felt 8trPj|ip enough to continue on| his way. At midday the sky became over cast and a drizzling ruin set in ; he was fol lowing down the well-defined channel of the Condarine, or he might have had difficulty in continuing without the aid of the sun. The ! creek wound its way between granite hills, * * Mot " on which the tall stems of the Moreton Hay ash rose above the forest of Cypress pine. Where the hills receded he came out on to a level Hat, and amidst the tall gums with < vwhich it was dotted he could see the build ings of a station homestead. Many years before all the country on the Qmdarine and its tributaries had been taken up and stocked, but being sour and unsuit able lor sheep, the pioneers found their runs a poor speculation, and when wool fell and bad times came, some of the runs were entirely deserted. It was one of these deserted home steads that Thurston was now approaching. Desolate it looked indeed under the leaden sky and drizzling rain. The main building was a house of some size, surrounded by broad verandah. Its front door stood ajar, and half off its hinges, and the bark roof was I broken and ragged, showing great gaps through which tne rafters were visible.. The 1 outbuildings—notso well built—hadfalleninto complete decay, and the old stockyard, with | its crazy "gallus," was moss- grown and rotten. From the front of the homestead the ground sloped gradually down to where the creek spread out into a wide swamp, on the banks of which bulrushes grew in places seven feet high. The water was black as ink—dis coloured by some mineral in the rocks over which its course had run. As Thurston drew rein in front of the homestead he gave a loud "cooee," but the only answer was a, dismal echo from the empty building. A feeling of nervousness came over him—such as he had never felt before—and had the weather been fine he would have gone further and camped out. Hut trying to shake this ofi, he busied himself in unsaddling his horses and hobbling them; and Boon their] bells were ringing merrily us they fell to work ] upon the sweet herbage round the home-. stead. Placing his saddles and pack under the ] verandah, he poshed open the front doorj with the feeling that he might find 6ome un looked-for presence within; but the large li ving-room was empt^aave for a few-articles j of rough furniture. In a bedroom stood a tough wooden bedstead; the gross mattress lay mouldering upon the floor, and mildewed articles of wearingapparel hung from thewalls. Great wreaths of spider's-wrb hung from the ceiling, and through the dust of the floor insects crept away to hiding-places in the cracks of the wall. Other rooms in similar condition he viewed, and then returned to the first one, shutting all the doors after him. To shake off the depression which be felt j like the he set to work to make the room he was In cheerful and habitable. He soon hod a good fire blazing on the hearth, removed .the broken table from the middle of the room over to one side, and, beating the dust from a rough conch, he formed itinto a hunk With his blankets and pack-bags. Then, as night was drawing on, he prepared supper, after which he sat in the light of theVrre and lighted his pipe. - His recent illness rendered tobacco distasteful to him, so he put it away hecoj Bwomp swaying to and fro under Though breeze. Though he tried to conceu thonghts on other things, they would revert to his lonely surroundings, and as night deepened his nervousness Increased. When ashiusierWust of wind than usual made the loose bark on the roof sway and rustle, it wouid«ethim listening intently, fan<^mg he heard footsteps in some distant part oFthe And ptopatod to torn in, first replenishing the snd prepared to turn in Wh?n he ^, bnnklhiBmin fJi »v \ W J«i tl"s ■?- 1, si, • feeling of. superstitious and he Thnrstonr snd he lay spellbound. The was no sound of footsteps, only the faint rustle of the garments, Reaching the fire place the figure paused, then turning, looked full upon Thurston. Beneath the deatP white face from which the big black eyes gnzed mournfully a gaping wound stretched across the throat, from which the blood had flowed and stained the front of the garments. The figure etood for n moment, then, with a despairing gesture and a perceptible shudder turned and passed out by the front door into the night Thurston could see it move on towards the creek, and disappear into the high rushes. For a few moments he lay straining his eyes in the direction of the swamp, dreading to see the figure reappear, but the rushes swayed on with the same monotonous motion. Shaking off his fear, he leaped from the bunk, and pulling on his garments picked up his blanket and hurried out into the fall ing rain, for not for all the gold in the Wahringn Ranges would he nave stayed another hour in the deserted building. Reaching the horses, he wrapped the blankets round his shoulders, and sheltering himself against the trunk of a tree, he awaited the dawn. When daylight broke he drove the horses up to the building, and quickly getting out his things, he saddled up and left with out daring even to peep into the inner rooms. All day he pushed on towards Gaynford. But the wetting he had got brought back the fever with twofold violence, and when, about sundown, he rode np the main street of the township he was reeling in the saddle, delirious. He was taken to the hospital, where for days he lay unconscious, and it was many weeks before he was able to rise. With returning health, Thnrston took up his quarters in the township, to rest until his strength should be quite restored. He found an old friend in Sergeant Kirby, the officer in charge of the police station, and often passed an hour with him, chatting over old times. Though his thoughts weut back to the deserted station, he never ventured to speak to anyone on the subject—fearing ridi cule. But he often vainly endeavoured to account for what he had seen, and one after noon he asked Kirby if he knew the place, describing its sitnntion. " That must be the old Black Swamp Station," replied Kirby. " There is a tragic story connected with the old homestead— but, of coarse, you have heard it?" " No, I have never heard it," said Thurston. " Pray let me hear it" " Well," replied Kirby, " long before m.v time, old Stephen Hawksley took up the Black Swamp run and stocked it with sheep. It was the furthest out station in that direc tion at the time, and the Wahringa Ranges, which enclosed it on two sides, were almost completely unexplored. After old Hawksley had got the Rocks settled down in convenient camps and had put up a comfortable home stead, he left the place in charge of a trusty man and departed for Brisbane, in a Tew months he returned, bringing with him a young wife. It was a lonely place to bring his bride to, accustomed as she had been to the gaieties of the city, and she soon began to mope and pine for more congenial companionship than the rough homestead afforded. At last the old man — uneasy to see her unhappy — yielded to iter solicitations to he allowed to visit her friends, and it was arranged that he should drive her to the nearest town ship, from which ehe could travel by coach to the metropolis. On the eve of the ap pointed day. Hawksley, unknown to any of thestation bands, went Hiving mad, and in the night he cut his wife's throat, and, hiding her body among the rashes in the swamp, he returned to the bedroom and put an end to himself. The station was sold for a mere song, and the buyer—having better country lying unstocked—threw np tne lease, and the ran -was deserted. The old homestead has never been inhabited since, and, I should think, must be falling into complete decay." Thurston rose from kis seat, and paced the room excitedly. "I swear to you, Kirby," he cried, "that I have never heard this story before ; yet I have camped in that accursed building, and seen the ghost of the murdered woman. It was the most terrible—but bah! —what is the use of my telling you? You will onlyaaylaw crazy." " No, no 1"- returned Kirby; " sit down quietly, man, and tell me all about it—I won't interrupt you." . Thurston resumed bis seat and described the events of tbe night so circumstantially, that Kirby saw at once that there was more in it than a mere delusion. After he had finished Kirby sat for awhile musing. At length he spoke— " You say this spectre had black eyes and hair. Are you sure of that?" "Quite," replied Thurston, "for. as it faced me the fire broke into a blaze, and I could see the whole figure plainly," " Hum," sua Kirby, "and tire murdered woman was fair—lair hair and blue eyes. Don't you thiuk a ghost should have more considerationfortoefitoessofthin^sf ^ y "That'swlmtlintendto dq/'^^K^by, butnotal0pe;Twant^ with me. ^You'm^tHmjgjhgiiSn nbw, «ndtiie trip will do you good. 1 have an idea that I shall "nd somethlngin my line connected with \------ i^- joirT^iiflc ydn haw betn tlicked n01 in credulity, to revisit tiie maoR, «peed to |^i^bough nothing pass another The following tor's tPat ately :er. ling ring f^Three "up, and and ome orn on. ived Iressa jcon bfear, 3 tins id let tirkby 111 the aiders leits bthe 'fire Irew and the MP and ed a uchhc ii> «H nil few games of cards. AtTdaist he rose, ana looking at his wstonlw^l-^ ^ Well, It's gettingTate. It onlywautann hour to midnight now, so we had. better ' douse the glim' and turn in, tor the black eyed spectre may shortly be on the move, and it would be against all precedent to receive her with a lighted candle. Make up the fire, and then you take the bunk; for I intend to pass the niaht in this comfortable old squatter's chair." The two men were soon settled in their respective resting-places, listening for an unusual sound, and each busy with bis own thoughts. The fire burnt brightly, throwing a flickering light to the far end of the room. There was no breeze, and the silence was only broken by the occasional fall of a burnt log upon the hearth. Suddenly both men were startled by the sound of au opening door. Thurston lifted his pale face and gazed at Kirby, but the latter motioned him to silence. Again came the sound of an open ing door; men a faint rustle in the adjoining room, and the door swung back, repealing the white- robed figure, standing with head and hands in the old position. Then it advanced down the centre of the to wards the fireplace. Both men remained Bilent, watching its every movement intently; but Kirby's lips twitched with asmiie of deri sion. As it neared the hearth, the figure paused, with head still bowed. Kirby rose suddenly from liis chair, and with one bound lie was beside it, ond had seized it by the arms. A wild shriek came from the struggling figure. " Let me go!" it cried. " 1 ain't doin' no harm 1 It was father made me conie up hereand the girl—for a girl it was— struggled vainly to release herself from Kirby's grasp. Kirby slipped a pair of handcuffs onto her wrists, and pushed her down into the seat lie had vacated; then he drew back, and looking her over, burst into a peal of laughter. The frightened girl looked from Kirby to Thurston, and then back at Kirbj-, whostood in frontof her, convulsed with merriment. Her big black eyes gleamed strangely from the face whitened to a ghastly hue with pipe-clay, uml the loose hair hung in disordered masses about her shoulders. Across her throat a broad red streak was painted, and splashes of the same pigment discoloured the bosom of her gown. " What brings you here, playing the ghost?" said Kirby, as soon as he had controlled his laughter. " I only done, it for o lark," cried the girl, then, turning defiantly 011 Kirby, and lifting her manacled wrists—" Take these things off! What call have you got to treat me like this? I've as much right as you in this old shanty!" " Wait a hit," said Kirby. " I'm a police man, and I want to know a little more about you. You said just now your father sent you here. What was that for ?" " No, father didn't seiid me," replied the girl, with an uneasy look. " 1 came of my own accord ; just to give this cove a skeer pointing to Thurston. " What's ybiir name, and where did you come from ?"■ continued Kiiby. '1'Aly name's Polly Donovan, and we was camped 'bout three miles down the crik," she replied, with a sly look. " That's a lie!" said Kirby. " I passed there last night; besides, you've never come that far." The girl nut her hands tip to her face and commenced to whimper, " Now stop that," said Ivirby, and then continuing more kindly, " Now, Polly, you'll have to make up your miiul to &tay; -where you are till morning. I'll let you go as soon as I find out where you came ironi; so make your mind easy." Then, lighting the candle and replenishing the lire, he seated himself between the door and his prisoner to wait for daylight. At sunrise Constable FlaUnigan and the tracker arrived, and looked very much asto nished when they entered the room and saw the girl sitting by the fireplace, her whitened \- face dooking ghastly in the daylight Kirby had prepared some breakfast, and a can of coffee stood beside the fire. The girl refused to eat, but drank a little coffee, and as soon as the rest had finished, Kirby, telling Flun nigun to bring the girl along, started out with the tracker to liua her last night's tracks. They were soon found, and the tracker started to follow them upi. They led straight across to the range at the back of the home stead, and into a gully on one side of which the rocky sarface rose precipitately. They fol lowed tliisalong for aniindred yards, when the tracker stopped abruptly where some thick currant bushes grew against the cliff. Pushing these to one side, he revealed a narrow open ing running into the rock. Bidding the others stay where they were, Kirby and the tracker disappeared into the cave—for such it was. I11 ten minutes'time they reappeared, and Kirby, removing the handcuffs from the girl's wrists, said— " You're free now, Polly, for I've found out your father's nice little plant; thanks to his idea of making a ghost of you." The girl turned, and darting away up the gully, was soon out of sight. Kirby, calling to the others to follow, re entered the cavern and struck a light They were in a spacious cave with high arched roof, through whieli a dim light found its way by a narrow Assure coming from the hill above. In/thc middle of the floor stood, a xougb table with a slush-lamp upon it, and in the for corner a still in full working order, while ranged round the sides were numerous kegs filled with the raw spirit This, then, was the reason of Polly's assuming the rOle of ghost Old Donovan had for some time been making whisky in this mountain cavern, and When prospectors wWJ* *«*npg'.that it Would it? dlfhit upon the idea of causing the old home8tead to get the name of helng haunted, which wouldmake thediggersgiye it a wide berth. He had seen Thurston pall up at the building on the night of his first arrival, and tutoring Polly in her r<5fe—she was1 perfectly familiar with eveiy room inthe old nouse—he painted bet face and throat and sent her out oh her dangerous errand. The girl must have hod great nerve to go through her part tt8 wellas she did, although cpu'd-Pot have kept jt up ranch longer, for what Thurston took to bc a " perceptible shudder,"^ when she turned abruptly away from him, was in reality a hysterical giggle, only subdued with great difficulty.': OnT second oocaBloh Donovan had no idea tiwv torby vwae. ;ther&vpr; he would never; bare uentthe^gbrl.'' When her absence became the hopse, grid to *he * — v.... - - upa Mtojnt$behave.! TOwoo*. i will he back byi to-morrow ^ the gsekhtime ^u mlf 1 The wmWt' himself for a while cutting,*!clear approach ; then, having eaten his dinner, he lighted his pipe and seated himself in the entrance to pass the time. He was aroused by the sound of footsteps, and looking up he saw Polly. " Don't you feel it a bit lonesome here, Mr. Flannigan," she said. " Will I stop for a while ahd keep you company ?" " Do as you plaze," he replied gruffly, as long as you don't bring that ould aivil Dono van with you." ... ... " What would they do with father if he was taken, Mr. Flannigan 7' "Faith, they'd line hint in more money than iver he posseshed, an' ii he couldn't pay they'd imprison the crayther for his naoheral loife." " And what will they do with the spirits t" "T'row it out on the ground," said the constable. •' What a pity to waste such good liquor," said the girl. " Mr. Flannigan," placing her hand coaxingly ou his Shoulder, " wouldn't you like me to make yon a little drop of punch ? Father Bays I make it better than ever he tasted, and it would do you no harm this cold day." •' Well," said Flannigan, smacking his lips and considering, " Oi dunno ; if 'tis only to be t'rowed away I might as well have a taste av it. As yon say, 'twould do me no harrum, for the day is cowld. Come in thin, an' get what liquor you want; but he quick about it, and don't diBturb things more than you can help; for 'twould loose me my billet if 'twas known," The girl presently emerged, carrying a can; Flannigan pat it to his nose, sniffed lovingly, and said:—" 'Tis aisy to see yez know how to handle poteen. 'Tis right good Kerry punch ye've modeand, taking a long drink, he put the can down beside uim. The punch must, indeed, have been potent, for lie soon began to tatk loquaciously in a thick voice. Then he took another drink, staggered towards Polly with open arms, as if to embrace her, and, falling forward in the doorway, lay where he fell. The girl spumed the prostrate figure con temptuously with her foot; then springing up the rocks with the lightness of a mountain foat, she. drew a whistle from her pocket, (lowing on this she returned to the cave, and rolling the prostrate form of the constable out of the doorway, she passpd in, and began rapidly packing up the bedding and clothing! into portable form. By the time she was reudy, four pack-horses came trotting out of the gully, followed by two men on horse back. "Is all clear, Polly?" cried the leader, a tall old man with a long white beard. " We heard the whistle, and so we started." " All's right, father," replied the girl. " The trap's stiff for the next twelve hours; 1 hope the laud'num don't kill hiin. But we'd better look sharp, for fear someone else might turn up." The men dismounted, and in a wonder fully short time the worm and more valuable parts of the still, together with a few kegs of the liauor. were packed upon the horses, and to her father's liorse^tf^^MeMyftflsafteWssed from sight, in tb^firgcntiii'oT tKerbughest and scrnbbiest pari; of the Wuhrin™Jtan^efe.i fKirby wjul vril& wiyi rage when be came bicjr {anq£gMffd! Viow he'^han been tricked. Poor ./Flannigan losk-njgl^position in the " swore that he hao'%aeffife#flcftcfo«Rl had never tasted a drop dfHilife llqiion Neither Donovan nor his daughter was ever heard of again—at least under that name—but most likely the old mania carrying .on the old.game in some distant part of the colony. 