STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. "A VILLAGE PRIEST." "The Bohemian Girl" There may be and will be strong differ ences of opinion with respeat to certain features of "A Village Priest,'' but no one can deny that as this adaptation of Henri Cauvain's Le Secret de la Terreuse" Syd ney Grundy has written a play which for strong dramatic situation and high emo tional power stands well to the fore among resent productions. The original story upon which the play is based is one of unusual strength, but with the radical and clever alterations in the characters, in cidents and features the plot which Mr. Grundy, with the licence of an adapter, has made, he has, from a dramatic standpoint, effected a vast improvement in it in every way. With such material to work upon, the members of the Criterion company are afforded an opportunity of showing their power in more serious type of work than that in which they generally favour their audience, and we do not use one word of flattery in speaking of the production of "A Village Priest" on Saturday night as a magnificent triumph. When the curtain rose on the first act the house was crowded in every part. Almost in the first move ments the attention of the audience was rivetted by the powerful developments of the plot, and as scene after scene succeeded, it would have been impossible to dis tinguish a sound from the almost breathless audience. Now and again some stronger piece of acting from one or other of the per formers drew a mark of applause, but it was quickly suppressed in the thrilling interest of the situation, and only as the curtain went down on each act did the pent up feelings of the audience find an outburst of applause from pit, circle and gallery that made the theatre ring again. It was a triumph that play and players both de served. The drama is an illustration of how a wrong once committed, however skilfully concealed, may yet in the onward course of time be revealed, and in its revela tions produce evil consequences and sorrow, of which the perpetrators, could never have dreamt. But with this is entwined also the serious feature of priestly duty. When the curtain rises we find Armand D'Arcay, a young barrister just entering upon his career, with all the world smiling before him. The son of an illustrious and upright judge and only hope of his blind and widowed mother, who in her child sees the husband, the memory of whom is a hallow ing influence upon her righteous life. It is an ideal family. Young Armand is plighted to Marguerite de Tremeillan, the beautiful daughter of la Comtesse de Tremeillan, a widowed lady whose husband some 20 years before the time was murdered. In the D'Arcay household also is a young girl, Jeanne Torquenie by name, adopted as a baby at the dying wish of the judge. Her father, Jean Torquenie, the gamekeeper, was nearly 20 years before sen tenced by the judge to imprisonment for life on the charge of the murder of Count de Tremeillan, and at the trial it was shown that as a motive for the crime he had dis covered an intrigue between his wife and the Count, Jean Torquenie, the alleged murderer, went to prison, denying his guilt, and protest ing his dead wife's innocence of the aspersions cast upon her. At the time the play opens, having heard that his daughter is alive and well, he has escaped from prison to see her, and if possible seek to clear his name. He calls on Armand D'Arcay as a lawyer, not knowing who he is, and in order to seek his advice tells the story of his life and accuses the judge, Armand's father, of having acted unfairly. A terrible scene follows, in which the convict, finding that he is speak ing to the son of the judge, seeks to leave, but Armand detains him, and, to gratify his wish, brings in Jeanne. The girl, on seeing her father, flies from home in horror, and the convict leaves crushed and hopeless. But Armand D'Arcay reads again the reports of the trial, and into his mind there comes a doubt whether, after all, a great injustice has not been committed. In his anxiety to search the matter further he makes inquiries from the village priest, and is soon convinced that L'Abbe Dubois knows something which he cannot reveal. The abbe, however, gives him a book which was found on the mur dered count, and which Armand recognises as a missing volume of an English work from his father's library. In looking over this book Armand by accident discovers a cypher correspondence, which reveals to him a terrible truth. It was not the count who carried on the intrigue, but his father, the upright judge, and the woman, was no peasant's wife, but a lady who could speak more than her own tongue. Here his in vestigation cannot stop, and in a terror of what he will next discover he goes on de termined, at whatever the cost, to clear the name of Jean Torquenie. He goes to the Comtesse de Tremeillan to tell her what he hopes will to be the joyful news that the cloud under which her dead husband's name has rested is removed, and in the stormy interview discovers to his horror that she was his father's mistress. But yet the murderer is not known, and again Armand approaches the village priest to seek the knowledge. He finds that the priest does know something under the vow of the confessional that cannot be divulged. But to the priest comes also Jeanne Torquenie, the convict's daughter. He reproves her for her conduct, but she sorrowing shows how she had ever regarded her father as a murderer, and calls to the abbe to first cleanse him from blood. Then comes one of the most powerful scenes we have ever witnessed on the stage. Alone in his sanctuary the abbe battles with him self. He wants to unravel this tangled skein to let the truth be known, and save the innocent from suffering further by baring the knowledge hidden within his breast for 19 years. But it was the knowledge of the confessional. In the dim light he fights it over. Unable to decide he cries for a miracle to decide him, and even as he speaks a breeze lifts gently over the leaf of the open bible on the stand before him, and a strong moonbeam through the window illumines the page, whereon he reads as it were a mes sage the words that bid him tell the truth. It is a scene fearful in its intensity, but whether the matter is one which should be subject of a theatrical representation is open to grave doubt. It is almost too solemn a subject to be so treated. In the last act the abbe discloses the name of the true murderer - the judge. Torquenie and his daughter are re-united. But the former, rather than the truth should become known to Madame D'Arcay, who has ever loved and tended Jeanne as a daughter, gives himself up to the gens d'armes and the curtain falls on his going back to prison to complete his sentence. From this necessarily brief and imperfect outline of the develop ments of the story some idea can be formed of the strong dramatic interest which from the opening scenes centres round it. The part of the village priest, L'Abbe Dubois, was taken by Mr. Titheradge. We have seen that gentleman in many characters, but never before in one giving him such scope for displaying that intensity of feeling in which he is such a master. It is high but only deserved praise to say that on Saturday night he outdid himself. In the earlier scenes he was very fine, but it was the fourth act that enabled him to show how great his powers really are. The interview with the weeping Madeleine, in which the gentle old priest in his desire to soothe the young girl's wounded heart tells the romance of his life, the severe and angry rebuke to the impetuous Armand when pressed too hard to reveal the hidden secret, the kindly advice to Jeanne, in all of these Mr. Titheradge acted with great power, but it was in the great scene where the priest fights out the fearful problem put before him that the actor rose above himself, and the effort is one which those who see will not be likely to soon forgot. It was a great performance, and one on which Mr. Titheradge may with perfect confidence vest all his claim to greatness as an actor. As Armand D'Arcay Mr. Ward had a difficult part to play, but he proved himself fully equal to the occasion, and his acting was marked with that evenness and finish which characterises most of his work. Mr. Brough made an excellent Jean Torquenie, parti cularly in the more impassioned scene where his daughter flies from him, and again in the closing scene of the last act. It is a change to see Mrs. Brough no longer in the dress of the fabled Grecian queen and the absolute dis similarity of the part La Comtesse de Tre meillan from "Niobe" with the splendid success she scored in both form quite suffi cient comment upon her versatility and power. On Saturday night Mrs. Brough was a very distinct success. Miss Romer as Madame D'Arcay was very pleasing. One of the successes of the evening was the per formance of Miss Gibson as Marguerite de Tremeillan. It was a difficult part, and Miss Gibson did it full and ample justice. As Jeanne Torquenie Miss Temple was pleasing, while Miss Major, as Madeleine, the priest's housekeeper, who thought a great deal more of her master's dinner than his parishioners, provided that spice of comedy which added to the flavour of the drama. The staging and dresses of the pro duction left nothing to be desired, and in every way "A Village Priest" should com mand a successful run. With deep dramatic incident, clever bright dialogue, and pro duced by a highly-capable company, it is a drama which no theatre-goer should miss seeing. * * * The revival of " The Bohemian Girl " nt the Lyceum on Saturday night had many features deserving of praise, altiiongh others did not call for highly favorable comment. The choral work was, with but slight excep tion, uniformly good, a circumstance that led to a most impressive finale to tho second aot, whilst at other periods the chorus gave full ana most effective support. Settjjpg aside certain personal drawbacks, Miss Annis Montague's Arlino served to disclose much of the sweetness of vocal quality and taste- fulness of method for which the artiste has for ycars_ been famous in Australia. This was particularly and enjoyably noticeable in a very sympathetic rendering of "I Dreamt I Dwelt," and in the interpolated " Home, Sweet Home," in the latter of which Miss Montague employed the mezzo voce with very charming effect. To the demands of the moro dramatic music the voice was not always equal. Mr. Turner, who does not physically suggest the romantic Thaddous, employed his vocal resources to their best advantage in " When Other Lips" — sung with very tender feeling — and "Tho Fair Land of Poland" — of each of which a re petition had to be given. Both Mr. Turner and Miss Montague are entitled to sympathy because of the unfortu nate accident which occurred during one of their most effective dnets. Mr. Deano, who Bteps from the comie to the romantic opera, was a somewhat uninteresting Arnhcim, from a histrionic point of view especially; Mr. Deane's host vocal effort was his open ing number, "A Soldier's Life," an im perfect knowledge of the score marring to some extent his rendering of "The Heart Bowed Down." However, once started, he sang the doleful melody with considerable feeling. Miss Cicely Staunton sang the music of the gipsy queen with the best effect obtainable with a voice lacking the necessary breadth of tone and strong dramatic quality. For a successful rendering of the inter polated number, "Didst Thou But Love Me," Miss Staunton was very warmly en cored. In the absence of Mr. Farley Devil- shoof was entrusted to Mr. F. Wentworth, whounder manifest vocal disadvantages mado the best he could of a rather heavy contract. Tho merry side of the rascally gipsy's character he displayed to an (at times) ex cessive extent, but to the music of the part he was scarcely equal. Mr. Rosevear made a gay and frivolous Florestein, and the cast was completed by Miss Lita as Buda and Mr. Aubrey as the Captain of the Guard. In commenting on the choral work we have already expressed ourselves in terms of praise, and to that we may add that the opera was very completely mountod, end that Mr. -Harrison's orchestra played capi tally. . M ' Adoo's J ubilee Singers gave anothor of their delightful concerts in the Centenary Hall on Saturday night, and as usual met with an enthusiastic reception, almost every number being encored. There wasan excellent attendance in the upper parts of the hall, but the chairs were not so well filled aB they might, and ought to havo been, considering the excellence of the entertainment. The programme, specially selected by request of patrons of theso entertainments, was in every way an attractive one, and gave a very admirable illustration of tho varied powers and undoubted ability of this Capital company. Opening with "Steal Away" and "Tho Lord's Prayer," which were listened to in breath less silence and 'rapturously applauded, the company next gave " The Great Camp Meeting in tho Promised Land," one of tho old slave melodies, which was received with such great .applause that "When the General Roll is Called" was given in response. A duet, " Hope Beyond," by Messrs. Collins and Eugene, followed, and then rame "Didn't my' Lord Deliver Daniel ?" another oi the melodies which the Jubilee Singers have made famous. An imperative encore wus re sponded to with " Won't be Ready." "Our Last Ball" was well rendered by Madame Ball and warmlv received, and the melodv " Peter on' the Sea " was then given by tho the company, to the evident delight of the audience, who insisted upon an encore, and " Religion is aForiune" was contributed. A quartette, "In the. Silent Mead," was most attractively Bung by Messrs. M'Adoo, Eugene, Collins and Hodges, tho voices blending in perfect unison, and tho volume of sound' being exceedingly fine; and in reply to a re-demand they gave, "They Kissed, I Saw Them Do It," in such fashion that a second recall had to be responded to, and "The Three Crows" was. given. " Roll, Jordan, Roll" concluded the first part of the programme. In the second part the opening number was "The Trumpet Sounds," and thiB waB fol lowed hy a fine rendering of "Tho Maid of the Mill," by Miss Mattie Allan, the lady tenor, who was in splendid voice, and received an enthusiastic encore, to which ,ehe kindly responded with " Tho Little Fisher Maiden." The company then gave "They Crucified my Saviour;" and then almost the success of the evening followed, by Miss Wormiio reciting "Trouble in the Amen Corner." Little Fio's Letter" was given iu response to a recall which was as unanimous as it was hearty, and then "My Daughter Louise" in acknowledgment of tho continuous applause which this evoked. Mr. Hodges was in fine voice, and his rendering of the "'Romany Lass" was such as to elicit a warm recall, which he acknowledged with "Can It Be." A chorus, " Wait a Little While," was tho Iobc item on the programme, and concluded a delightful entertainment.. The company comtnenco their last Bix concerts in Sydney this evening, and a new programme will be presented nightly. A very large audience assembled at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday night to wit ness the very excellent representation of "Manto'Man." Mr. Rignold won /unani mous sympathy for his effective acting iu the pnrc of James Gordon, and in this direc tion he was well seconded by Miss Lilla Wilde. The railway smash was once again a source of thrill and enthusiasm. " Robbery Under Arms " drew a bumper house to tho Royal on Saturday, when the sensational incidents of the dramatisation, represented in a wonderfully realistic way, raised tho hair and the enthusiasm of a con gested gallery. "Hamlet" to follow. A programme of more than ordinary interest attracted a large attendance to the organ recital at the Town Hall on Saturday night. An interesting feature of the enter tainment was M. Wiegand's playing of tho famous "Blue Danube." This— very delight fully treated — was followed by .tremendous applause. "La Carita," "Lo Dragon de Villars" and Batiste's "Offortoire in D" were sIbo included in the programme. At the Tivoli Mr. Harry Rickards' com pany's programme, which was turned on on Saturday, was quito up to the mark. Tho first part went along so smoothly and so merrily that- the intorvai of- five minutes cauie rather soon. When it is considered that such artists as Messrs. R. Leonard, Percy Shannon (who mado a great hit in "Beloved Star "), Johnny Gilmore, Arthur Farley and Steve Adson, and Misses Stella Tudor and the Anderson Sisters made-up tho programme for. the first half it must bo tuken for granted that on tho score of excellence it was hard to beat. Mr. Harvey gave his imitations of popular actors right up to date, while tho " Rowdy Dowdy Crew" of elevated shoc-iiftcrs, to tho number of 21, threatened to knock the plaster off the ceiling. Mr. Stevo Adson's specialties were of an artistically humorous nature, aud introduced the inimitable Harry R., who opened out. with "Tho Bridge," and so well executed the task that tho audience sont him through tho usual round of encores. Tho Spanish Students, the Anderson Sisters, Mens. Provo, and Johnny Gilmore made up.a .show that, according to the manner iu which it was recuived, was miles away froni being too lengthy for the audience. The Gaiety Theatre was on Saturday night crowded in every part of tho iiouse, and the- VVorld's Star Gaiety, Minstrel and Variety Company seems to have securely caught on. Mr. Alf. M. Huzihwood has earned a reputation for putting forward tho best talent available, and, judging by tho reception which the various members of the company met with, his efforts in pleasing his patrons have been most successful. A very pretty set piece was put on for the first part, the scene being entitled " Water fall Gully." As interlocutor Mr. Hazle- wood fulfilled his duties in his usual style. On - the comers Afossrs. Jones, Gaudian, Bent and Stevens wero in their best humor, and were responsible for provoking hearty laughter with their ooinio songs and sayings, (the lady members of the company who contributed to the capital prqgramme_were:— Misses Lorrie St. George, Priscilla Verne, Florence Schuler, Ettie Williams, Bertha Fanning, the Sisters Sher wood and tho Sisters Barton ; whilo the sterner sex was represented by Messrs. W. Warner, Arthur Hunter and J. S. Whit- worth, a combination which it would bo difficult to equal. The evening's entertain ment ooneiuded with a mo3t laughable comedy-drama entitled "Under the GaB- pipe," in which a railway collision waB most realistically introduced. We have received from the publishers a copy of " Lilian's Dance," a composition for the piano by M. de Cairos Hugo. This gentleman has recently produced some clever and pretty compositions, including "Dream ing" and "Jersey Waltz," and this latest is a welcome addition to his works. It is pretty and at. tho same timo simple, and should become a popular selection, for whilo not above the grasp of young players it has within it elements which should make it acceptable to moro experienced pianists. There was a fair attendance at the Opera House on Saturday oveuing, when Mr. H. Barrington'8 variety company repeated the first- class programme. The -first part was dovoted to the usual circle business, and the second portion of the bill included several special lines. Encores were numerous, and there was every evidence of the fact that Mr. Barrington understands the needs of the general public. A complete chango of pro gramme will be submitted to-nigbt. The convict ship Success, with its dark, dreary dungeons and other gruesome relics of the days , pf lagdoin, , seems to. bo com manding as much attention now as it did when originally brought here for inspection. Lectures are , delivered, in which a faithful account is given of the many terrible events recorded in the history of the old craft, and in other ways is a visit to the vessel made interesting. The Success is moored at Cir cular Quay. Real shooting effect is now made the leading feature of all tho realistic things that are shown at the Cyclorama. The business is admirably done, while the effect produced is about as dramatic as it possibly could be. Messrs. Delohery, Croydon and Holland, under whose management the Alnambra has lost none of its qld popularity, announce for this week the special engagement of Miss Blanche Young, billed as tho "Sensational Raiubow Serpentine Dancer," who will make her initial bow before a Sydney audience this evening. Another item" of news which will doubtless interest Aihambra patrons is the announcement that Miss May Melville, a favorite soprano at this house, will make her reappearance to-night. The load in the . new Sims- Buchanan drama at the Adelphi will be entrusted to Mr. Charles Glenny. Some notion of what the variety theatres are doiug in Loudon may bo. gathered from the fact that at' a meeting of the share holders of the Empire Theatre, held on February 24, a dividend of 70 per cent, was declared, .with a. bonus- of £100 to each director. Top salaries at that. Says tho Home News Mr, Irme Kiralfy has left for America. Just before departing from London ho concluded an arrunzemenc whereby Sir Augustus Harris and he have become joint owners of Covent Garden Theatre, in view of the production there of grand shows similar to the gorgeous and interesting " Venice." Meanwhile the syndicate which purchased the latter for £150,000 aro arranging for ah elaborate pro duction of " Constantinople in London." It is said that W. S. Peiiley has been threatened with actions at law by various householders and shopkeepers of VVych- street, who have suffered through tho gathering of multitudes outside their doors waiting for admittanco to see "Charley'B Aunt." Good old "advt." A succession of big dramatic gurts will be seen at Homy Abbey's new theatre which is at present in courso of construction at New York. H. Irving and Go.' will open it on November 6, M. Coqnelin and Jane Hading will follow, and to them M. Mounot Sully will succeed. Coptic opera in London is— in several quarters— meeting an early detb. "The Magic Opal," "La Rosiero ." and " Ma Mio Rosette " have come to abrupt terminations for want of audience's. Is it that Londoners are having too much of a good thing, or that tho relentless robber of tho theatre Variety — is further asserting himself 1 Mr. William Rignold is— or was at latest dates — winning favorable opinions for his performance in the revival ut. The Grand as Sir John Woodmero in Pottitt and Harris' "The Prodigal Daughter." This from tho Eba Poor Miss Ada Re- ban has had a great- many bad quarters of an hour over that Btutute of her at Chicago. Now there ia a rival claimant for tho honor of having stood as model for tho said statue — or at lonst for what is most alluring in_ it. A Miss Exie -do Lambert, of Minneapolis — whose name and adress alone should surely carry conviction— declares that eho posed to the sculptor for six hours a day, not necessarily (murk tho ingenuity of her claim) for tho head, tho figure, or tho lower limbs— but for " tho most feminine outlines" of. the statuo. "Must feminiue outlines" is unquestionably happy. Irving has accepted from Conan Doyle a slight piece of patiietio interest entitled "A Straggler of '15," in which tho Lyceum actor-manager will appear us a Waterloo veteran who gives up tho ghost on seeing a body oi troops pass his window. 