"OF HiGH DEGREE," A STORY, BY CHARLES GIBBON, Author of "Robin Gray," "A Heart's Problem," "In Honour Bound," "Queen of the Meadow," "The Braes of Yarrow," Etc., Etc. CHAPTER L. TRAGEDY IN THE DRAWING-ROOM. SCENE 111. Individual conceptions of what might, could, would or should, happen are seldom realised. As lhe stepped nmeditatively towards the drawing-room, Mr Dottridgo had no doubt in his own mind that the result of his interview with Ruth would be their marriage. What was there to hinder it ? She cared for no one-next to Stephen-co much as himself. She had proved his devotion to her; she knew that if it were within the compass of human power to make her happy he would do it. Site knew that she could not have the happiness she had hoped for with Meredith, and so what was there to prevent her trying to be happy with hinm. He did not see the nmeanness of allow ing his own wish to be happy with a woman to make himn try to force her to overcome repuowance. Certainly in this ease it was not exactly repugnance ; for Ruth knew him well and esteemed his many good qualities. But slhe did not, could not, would not, love him, lie said to himself : " By and bye she will learn to love me. Shie has agenerous'nature, and she knows how nmuch I hare sacrificed for her. She cannot help yielding when she remembers that and sees how much happiness she may confer upon others. When everything was explained to her-when it was made clear that by marrying him shite could make the horme of Derewood happy-that slhe could save the distracted Dahlia from utter despair, and that shle could restore Stephen Meredith to reason-she could not do otherwise than consent, unless Now that was a thing which had never occurred to him before. Here was this womnrn constantly with him; her every action, almost her every thoughlt, known to him ; and there had never been any sign which could suggest that any man except Stephen or Ilimself had entered seriously into her mind iin rela tion to marriage. But why might it not be that others had occupied her mind ? Hle dismissed the thought, impatient at it and at himself for entertaining it. He knew her too well to think it possible that another man had found a nomutrent's consideration with her. Brassey was in the hall, looking per fectly contented under the impressions a pleasant family party was being held. He was decidedly startled by the sudden appearance of hiis master with the com. mand : "Tell Miss Clark I would like to speak to her in the drawing-roomr on important business." "Sir 1" gasped thle worthy old servant, as if a ghost had appeared before him. Mr Dottridge repeated his command. "But Miss Clarik is in the drawing room. She has been there for ever so long, and sihe has seen ever so many people. She hasn't come out to luclheon !" The fact that site had not conme out to lunctheon was in Brassey's mind most absolute proof that slie was still in the room. Mr Dottridge passed on ; but when lihe touched the handle of the door his heart seemed to miss a bent: lie was conscious tlhat he stood upon th th thres hold of his fate. Whatever good or ill might happen to others as the conse quence of Ruth's answer to what he was about to say-it was life or death to him. Have you over climbed a high iroun tain--repeatedly disappointed by finding each new steep only the prelude to another-and at last having reached the summit lain down to rest, panting and tired? A clear blue sky over bead; Smonntains like jagged marbles lying around you and villages like toy pluces at your feet. How glorious it all seems ; how masterful you feel and yon quote with something.like full appreciation of the sense of the nmuch paraphrased quotation, " Monarch of all I survey." Then suddenly there sweeps a white mist over all that lies below you, veiling a everything fronm your sight. lThe great white tiring creeps gradually ulp and around you, covering every landmark n you have noted, and-although you lhave a still the clear sky above--bewildering e you as to what direction you ought to take in order to reach your haven. SThat was precisely the position of Mr SDottridge as hIe paused at tile door. Hlie lhad climbed thIe height, steep over steep, and there seemoed to be a clear way before him; but now there camre Sthis umist; hIis fate lay behind it, and hIe hesitated to penetrate it. All that seemed clear before was dark now. Drawing a long breath Ihe turned the p handle resolutely and entered. SHe thoughllt Brassey had been mris taken, and that Ruth was rnot there, tile big room was so silent. It wars a ghostly looking roomn at any time, with its pale a ilavender walls and its hangirgs, only of deeper lavender slashed with gold. At this moment Mr Dottridge eoull . not help the grotesque aRssocition of t ideas in fancying tlhat hIe was entering a Slwhited sepulchre. But tlhat was only fuor a ilonlenlt. k Ruth appeared before hIim, and it wa\s Slike sunris r upon a spring landscape. d She had been resting-or trying to resti-ir her distruction; and when the door opened slte was glad of any inter e rrltiton to her beawildered thloiglts. When slle saw who canie shie advanced Ilquickly, hier Irrands extended as if for d sulport, rand hlie grasped them eagerly, C feeling that the rists were already clear S Ubt hIe misundersloodr the impulsire mnocrvement. It did indicate that shre was i dlrawn closer towards hin by the events I in which they were involved; but it also indiccated thurt she was monst anxious to be tender to ]timi nosw on accounit of the Spain sire wars aisit to cause hini. If hisi j,,oy at this receptiun lie waes Salble to liaugl. " I see we lhavre ll been having a bad Stilne of it. You aIre lookling aluost i nay, you are l)oking whiter than Illahlis. SAnd here is Stelhen klickirng ilp such a fires tirrt I am afraid to see hlim. You e Iist help ure out of all tins confoundedt c y InonSesC." S Her hands were -till resting in hi·, ' and rhe was lookiug ves steadily iin lis C " Yes, Iliust hdlp your-it scrnls its Sif I nmust hlelp everyole one out of Ithis cruel position. lrnve you ever wished that wre lint sunk ii the snrill trat, ibefore reaclhinr land ? I lhave--l have iwn-hed it rinoy a time within the inst rhour.," S " I have done nothing of tie kiind. I oam very glad indeed to I.e at K.errtor again, and most glad to have you with me.".. "And I am sorry." She said it so bitterly and so sincerely -that was the worst of it-her friend wi'ndered and was taken aback. Here now a little bit of the mist was blown away, lie determined to clear it with one broad sweep of his hand. "You have seen DahliaT' he said slowly. " Yes, and I have seen Stephen," she answered calmly.. "Very well, then, you know the whole position. I have hot seen; Stephen yet because, as Rapier tells me, he is in such a frantic state that he is likely to murder me. I do not believe that of course ; but after what Dahlia tells me I want to see him in your presence." "In my presence !" "'Yes in your presence . . Now Ruth, we must clear this matter to-day. Whatever harm I have done, I am sorry for it. But I recognise no harm sogreat that it may not be for given; and whatever it may be, it is greater in its effect than it was in all my calcuilations." "If you could have seen!" she explaimed in a tremulous voice "Ay, that is what we all say-if we could have seen. But, be just to me surely, there is something due to my love for you." She withdrew her hands and shrank back from him trembliig. "That is the cause of all our.trouble." "Then end the trouble-be my wife. I do not say be mistress of Kemerton, for von are the master of its master.. I only say niake the best of a bad position -I own it is a bad position-s-ave Dahlia from insanity, and save Meredith. from something worse." She stood like a reed swaying in a great wind, and then she spoke in a low voice, but clear as a sharp bell in a still, frosty morning : "I would say 'yes,' but I have promised him to say ' no.' Were I to yield to you it would be the proof of my ftlsehood to him." (To be continued.). 