WAS it A DREAM. (" AllGOSY.") | Many years ago, in that old Kensington | which has been so charmingly described by Miss Tnaekeray, there lived two lovers She I was the daughter of a stern old general rol ling in wealth-he, a poor cavalry captain with nothing but his pay. No need to tell the sequel! Rich men in those days, though tbey may be called the 'yood old limes,' had no more sympathy with penniless young men who came a-wooing to their daughters than they have now. This particular one, though his money might have made his daughter and her lover 'happy ever after,' was not in clined to spend it in such a way. He had set his heart on marrying her to a lord, and in that case would settle enough on her to buy a king's ransom. But he was not going to enrich a young man who had noth ing of his own, nor did he mean to help his daughter to throw herself away. So when Captain Lennox called to ask him for his consent to his marriage with Jeanne, he pretty quickly got his conge, and was told that young men in the army with 110 private fortune should seek for a wife in the Union. It was very insulting, no doubt, but. then the General was greatly roused, and also-had i the gout. - A sorrowful interview followed between 1 the lovers (for they found a meeting-place). 'Is it then so very bad, Jamie, that you j think papa .will not relent ?' asked the tearful I Jeanne. j 'I f«ar so, my darling,' answered the lover; ' but tell me, would you have the courage to marry me at once ? T don't care for the money one straw; I would sell out, and get something to do, and we might be ^ppy yet.' - This was wrong, perhaps, in the captain, but he was very much in love, and really wanted tho girl for her own sweet sake alone. But Jeanne would not listen to his sugges tion. She had strict ideas about obeying one's father,learned from her French mother. When that mother knew she was leaving her child for ever in this world, she said to her : ' Whatever you do, ma cherie, never disobey your father: tlmt. is wicked, and would only bring evil on you.' Through the ten years which had passed away since that sad time, the girl had always remembered her gentle mothers words, and her stern father had found her obedience perfect. Even now, clinging to her lover and sobbing as if her heart would break, she did not fail. ' I cannot go away with you,' she said, ' if -my father forbids, that would be doing wrong, and I cannot do wrong. We must wait for better times.' 'The times never will be better,1 he cried. 'Listen Jeanno. I know your father means to marry you to Lord Cremlyn, and if we say good-bye now,it will be for ever-can you bear that?' But the girl was firm in her resolution: ' I cannot disobey my father.' They did part, and it was, as he said, 'for ever.' Years passed away, and in their passing brought many changes. The General had. his way and married Jeanne to Lord Crem lyn. Before she consented to be engaged she told her future husband all-how she could ' never, never care for any one a3 she had caved for Captain Lennox.' ' Never mind . that, Jeanne,' replied her new lover. ' I know all about it, and in time I feel sure I shall be ablo to make you happy.' And so he did< It is true that Lady Crem lyn never cared for him in the same way that she had cared for Captain Lennox, but she had a gentle disposition and not. a very strong character. She was moreover true to the core, and since.' Papa wished her to marry Lord Cremlyn,' alio supposed she must love him. So she put away with a sigh the old romance, and turned to her new duties as she was bidden, and the General con gratulated himself that he had so good a daughter. The separation did Far more harm to Cap tain Lennox than to Jeanne. He had a deep tenacious nature which could not love in that direction which was most convenient. For a while he suffered terribly. Indeed, he never ceased to suffer, for Jeanne v.as the ono woman in the world to him. But gradually the bright, open-hearted young soldier grew bitter and worldly- wise, and he determined that if he could not have love, he would at any rate secure comfort. So lie watched his opportunity, and at last it came to him in the shape of an orpan girl in India, a great heiress, who was just about to return to England in her sorrow. She was easily won, and now Captain Lennox was asT rich as the old General himself. He retired from the army, and settled down in an Indian home, where he grew richer and richer till he was able to live like a prince. Children were born to him-he was called a happy and fortunate man. His wife thought otherwise; to her he never seemed quite con tent, and she could not understand it-had he not everything that heart could wish ? Ah, she knew nothing of the heartache which day by day pursued him, do what he would to chase it away, she little guessed the weary longing for a glimpse ot one face which he never must see again in this world. Happi ness seemed to him far a ??ay, rest was not to be bought, even with .1 princely fortune could he then be called ' fortunate V Captain Lennox was a good man, and though the thought of Jeanne was an ever present one to him, he had made no effort to see her since she became the wife of another. Even when he married, he chose India as his home, as they were less likely to meet there; by-and-by no doubt he would be able to forget, and for this he made a brave, faith ful struggle. .' But before this good fight ended in victory (would he ever have won it on earth ?) a messenger came who could not be refused, the Angel of Death. Suddenly tho ' for tunate ' man was struck down by an epi demic, and qnicklv became a victim to the fell disease.- '? I'm going, dear,' he said to his wife; ' I've tried to be a good husband to you-tell me, have you been happy ? '/.Oh .very, very happy,' she sobbed; ' but sometimes, James, I fear you have not been so.' - : _ .??-'.' Dear, that was not your fault,' he re plied. ' Once, before I knew you, I had a very great sorrow; and I never quite got over it, or perhaps I might have told you. But don't fret about that-it's.all over now.! You've been a true, good wife to me, kiss me, and say good-bye.' Not long after this, while Mrs. Lennox tho'ight her husband sleeding, she heard him cry 'Jeanne!' She fancied he wanted his y6ungest child, who had been called by that name, and was his great pet. She went to fetch her. When she returned with the child, her husband lay with outstretched arms, and a happy smile 011 his face; but his spirit had passed away. After this Mrs'. Lennox made her home in [ England. It was her husband's express wish that she should do so, for, as he said, India was not the best place for girls, and iie ; should like all his children to have an Eng ; lish education. We need only to follow the history of his eldest son-that of the others was in no way remarkable. Meanwhile, in tho beautiful home of Lord and Lady Cremlyn, a little daughter, called by the sweet name of Faith, was growing up to rejoice her mother's heart. All tho eider children had been boy.", and this one fair little girl was prized beyond measure by her parents. She was her mother's constant companion, and one day, turning over an desk of hers, commenting in her pretty way over each treasure found therein, she came across a faded picture of an officer in uniform. Something in the face attracted her atten tion, and she carried the miniature to Lady Cremlyn. ' Who's this, darling mummie ?' she asked £ 'It isn't a gentleman l'vo ever seen here!' ' The mother bent over her little daughter as she said : ' Ah, Faithie, my pet, that is an old friend of mine who is dead now !' 'Dead, muminie, is he? Oh, I'm so sorry! I like him, and I wanted to see him. May I have his picture ? I'll take such care of it!' 'Yes, my darlmg,' replied the mother, ' you may have it, and you may love him, too; for once he loved mummie very much.' Little Faith kissed the picture, and carried it. away to hang up in her room, and Lady Cremlyn pondered wonderingly over the child's fancy. II. It is night, aed in a clearing in tho midst of an Indian jungle, a white tent is pitched. Dark forms lie sleeping around it, horses are tethered, and fires are burning to keep off unpleasant nocturnal visitors. The stars are t-hi'i'v"out !.> ('ie 'tmvoiis above-it. is a most lovely night. Let us take a glance in side the tent. One man, an Englishman , evidently, lies stretched there. He is fast I asleep and dreaming of home. Suddenly ho 1 stirs, looks up bewildered, and seems about 1 to speak-again ho is silent. Now he gots ' up, puts 0:1 his outer garments, and comes * l~-r.--.-rvr J.-1':-."'.. . 1 ?? fl"i- of the. rent. tie .i.'l-inces around oil the sleepers, then hurriedly lis walks away to the place whore one of the horses is tethered. A whisper wakes it, then in per fect stillness he rides away. On, on, on, all night he rides, till at last at dawn of day he reaches a British military encampment. Here he dismounts, tethers his horse, and walks unceremoniously into one of the tents. He knows that his friend, who sleeps there, will be astonished to see him, but he is not pre pared for the effect produced when, by a slight touch, ho wakes him. Instead of the surprise and pleasure, he expects to see on the face looking into his, abject terror 13 de picted there. The aian shrinks back, his teeth chattering, his whole form quivering with terror. ' Why, Beamer, old man,' cries the new comer, ' what in the world's the matter ? Are you ill, or do you take me for a ghost?' For all reply, Beainer bursts into tears, seizes his hand, shakes it over and over again, and when at last he finds voice, says: 'Oh, Jimmy, my dear old fellow, you don't know how glad lam, to set eyes on you again! We all thoiightyou were dead! Did the brutes let you go, then?' : ' Let me go ! What on earth are you talk ing about? You thought I was deid, did you? Well, I have had a very curious experience, ?but I'm not dead;-far from it!' 'So I ses! Well, just let me get up, and we'll have some coffee anda smoke, and I'll tell you a-pretty queer story;' Prepare your self for a shock! ? The two friends were soon seated with their coffee and its adjuncts, and' while they were enjoying it 'Beamer' told the following story:- ' ' . ' You know, Jimmy, tho Colonel was not altogether easy about your going up country with only three natives-it's one of his theories thabtheyarenotto.be trusted. .However, you would have it so, and there was no more to be said. You started off on Monday; Wei), on Tuesday, riiiddle day, that wretch A'bdallah -was caught stealing again. We thought we'd give him a pretty good fright this time, so we trotted him out hefore the chief; and stood all round him, pretending we were going to shoot him. We did just scare him, .and were on the point of leaving him, thinking we had punished him enough, when, to.our surprise, he fell down on his knees before the Colonel and said that if only we would sparo his life, he could tell some thing that might save you from death. Of course the chief was all ears at once. Well, the 'vyretch told us that he had heard those three brutes who had gone with you plotting to murder and rob you in the jungle, and then make off. In reply to the question why he had not at once told this, he drew his hand across his throat, as much as to say they would have killed him too if he had. But it's my belief he meant to bo in the swim himself-you can never get to the bottom of these fellows.. Of course we lost no time; the chief'and a lot of us started off at once on your track, for as you were to be three days on your journey, we hoped we might meet you before it was too late. But when we got near to your first halting- place, we met some fellows who had travelled by your route, only the opposite way, and they told us a story of how they had come upon the body of an Englshman, murdered evidently, further along the way ; so of course we gave you up for lost. We could do nothing for you, for these fellows said they had buried the body, and we came back again, the chief vowing vengeance on the men who had murdered'you, iind saying he'd hunt them out all over India, if need be. And now I should like to know what brings you here.aiive. You certainly were not meant to bo in tho flesh by. this time ! I'm all im patience to hear your story, Lennox ! Captain Lennox (for it was the son of our old friend) hesitated; thon seeing the other's surprise he said : ' Well, Beamer, if you'll give me your solemn word of honor not to repeat what I say, I'll tell you the story. I'm not sure if you will believo it; I'm not even sure if I believe it myself; but I'm certain the other fellows would not. You promise then here goes ! ' When I left on Monday I did not take the route intended; those rascals pointed out to mo that the other was better, and I, not having the least suspicion of them, gave. in. I suppose the fact was the other was loss frequented, and there was not much danger of our meeting others. We went slowly and halted often, for it WHS afully hot. I got on all right, the m<m were as civil as possible, and the third night I lay down in tent feeling that I was half-way through the journey, and should soon be with my friends. I "don't think I had been long asleep when something woke me, and to my astonishment there stood, bending over me, a beautiful girl, I thought I was still dreaming, rubbed my eyes, sat up, and fancied she would vanish, but no -the she stood with an anxious look in hor eyes which I could not make out. I was about to speak, and see whether my voice would dispel the lovely apparition, when she made a motion, as if to enjoin silence, and I could not find my voice. Then she pointed to the door of the tent, and began to move out. I found myself following her. She ; glided to the spot where my horse lay tethered, and motioned me to saddle him. I did so. Her lips seemed to form the word 'mount,' I. obeyed. Then with a look of satisfaction she moved away, beckoning me to follow. Through the whole night she never stopped, and my horse seemed to have wings, for we retraced in a few hours what had taken us two days of our journey to accomplish. I had no idea where I was going, no thought of where she might lead me, only I knew I must follow her. AtlastI recognised our tents, and knew that I hid come back to you. I looked for my guide-she was gone-vanished. I thought for a moment I had been dreaming all the time, but there was your tent straight in front of me. I said to myself I would give you a surprise, but I never meant to breathe to any living soul why I had come back. Beamer, my dear boy, what in' the world is tho meaning of it all ?' Captain Drury (otherwise Beamer) leaned for ward eagerly as he said : ' Well, Leunox, there's not much religion about me, I'm afraid, but all I can say is, your escape is nothing short of a miracle. The girl was an angel, of course, and was sent to save you.' . ' But why-why, should sho save me like that? I could understand it if I'd been very good, and all that, you know, but I've been such'a wild chap.' ' Well, Lennox, I'm not the sort to preach a sermon, but I think you ought to be differ ent after this, 1 do indeed ; your life must have been saved for something. Perhaps your mother is a good , woman and prays for you. I know mine does.' A few minutes after, the whole camp was astir with the news'that the dead man had come to lift? again. Hand-shaking and con gratulations were the order of the day, and no one would have imagined that any ssrious : thought had ever been in the mind of the gay young captain. But one thought there, all the same. 'And now,'said the major, ' we shall sec Beamer look like himself again; his jolly old facc has been as.long.as a fiddle since we heard that Jimmy was to be put out of the way. That's right, my boy, beam away,1 as a broad grin spread over the round rubicund face of Captain Drury. No Oiw but the Colonel and Beamer ever heard the true story of Captain Lennox's de liverance. The others were told that lie had a mysterious warning that his life was in dan ger, and that, taking advantage of the sleep of his would-be murderers, he had made good his cocnpc.' ' III. It was a lovely morning in Blay,. and at Crenilyii Castle the household was early astir, for it was the twenty-first birthday of tho youngest and best beloved inmate, the Lady Faith. There was 110 one, far or near, unin terested in this event, for by rich and poor, old and young, .thogirl wasahnost worshipped. No wonder! Her whole life was spent in doing tilings for others, herself entirely forgotten. Unobtrusively, she went about her work-a flower here, a message there, a visit to one, a kind work to another-little,things the3e, but life is made up of littles, and so maiiy. forget this fact altogether. ' While striving to malco great sacrifices or to do great kindness upon which all the world may look and comment, they fail in the small acts of lovo which win hearts, and bring blessing on the door of them Faith was great in small things. A verse she often quoted as describing a truly womanly character, might have been written of him self : - . " Sho doeth little kindnesses Which most despise or leave undone: For nought that sets the heart at ease, Or giveth happiness or peace, Is lisrht esteemed in her eyes." From her power of intense sympathy, all this came easy to Faith, and though her beauty won admiration, it was her loving heart which gained devotion. To-day there was to be a fete in her honor, and the whole neighborhood was bidden to it. Near her place at the breakfast tabic lay a whole liei]> r(f presents surmounted by a most beautiful bouquet of lilies of the valley, her favorite flowers. Father, mother, brothers, and guests wero all assembled in the breakfast-room, waiting for the household darling to appear. ' What makes the child so late, I wonder?' said Earl Cremlyn to his wife; 'she is gener ally up with the lark.' She sat up so late last night, discussing to-day's arrangement that she has overslept herself,' laughed Lord Darlow, the eldestson. 'I will hurry her,' and off he went. He soon returned, consternation in every feature. 'Mother, darling, I don't want to frighten you, but I met Faith's maid and she says she cannot wiken her. Will you go to her? There must be something wrong, I'm afraid.' Lady Cremlyn hurriedly left the room, fol lowed by her husband. Her sons and frienda hastily discussed what could be the matter. One suggested a sleeping draught. ' Bosh" said Lord Darlow; 1 Faith never took su;h a thing in her life.' Another thought it was perhaps an over-dose of medicine.. ' And she never wanted any medicine either,' he retorted. 1 Meanwhile, Lady Cremlyn, much alarmed, was bending over her daughter's bed. She called her by name, there was no movement; She raised her up, but the girl fell heavily back to her former posture. 'This is serious,' cried Lord Cremlyn; 'the doctor must at once be sent for. Take the carriage, and bring him back with you.' In .less than a quarter of an hour the family physician was standing by the still uncon scious girl. Her face was perfectly colorless, her hands rigid. Suddenly, before the doc tor had time to use any remedies, she opened her eyes. . 'Is he safe?' she gasped. 'Safe ! Who said Lord Cremlyn, in amazement; but at a sign from the doctor he was silent; The kind^ physician took the girl's hand, saying: ' Yes, quite safe, my child; and see, now* you must take this,' giving her a strong restorative. Afterwards he sat by her side° administering nourishment from time to time until at last she fell into a quiet natural sleep. Then, leaving the mother with her child, he sought the anxious father. ' She will do now, I think; but you must watch her with the utmost care, and if sho stirs, give her nourishment. I will be here again within an hour.' ' Have you any idea as to the cause of this sudden seizure ?' asked Lord Cremlyn. 'She has never had a day's illness in her life before as you know.' 'Ho; it is wholly unaccountable. She has all the appearance of having passed through a tremendous mental and physical strain. That, as far as we know, is impossible, but she is of a highly nervous and sympathetic temperament, and it may be that she has dreamed something which has strangely affected her. We are hardly aware of how much may happen to us in our sleep. She will need the greatest care for months to come.' And so saying, the doctor left. There was of course the greatost constern ation when the serious illness of Lady Faith became known. The birthday festivities were all postponed; the guests sorrowfully left the Castle, and everywhere there wa3 a gloom instead of the expected great joy. For days Faith lay quietly in her bed, sleeping, for the most part, and always very still. She felt no pain, she said when ques tioned, she was 'only tired.' There wa3 now 110 cause for alarm, the doctor said, but heir strength must be kept up, and every one must be very cheery with her. Slowly, slowly, she recovered in a measure, and was at last able to sit up in a chair in her room. One day she said to her mother : ' Mummie dear, it was strange, was it not, about my ill ness ?' ' Yes, indeed, darling; no one can throw the slightest light on any cause for it. You went to bed perfectly well, and then we found you in that awful state in the morn ing.' ' ~ ? 'It was very strange,' Faith repeated dreamily. ' You will think me very foolish, mother, when I tell you I believe it was a dream or vision of some kind that made me ill. I remember I went to sleep thinking that the eyes of my 'herd,' as you call Captain Lennox's picture, were looking at me. Then it seemed to me I heard a voice crying, 'Save him! oh, save him!' and some one re plied, 'He shall be saved.' After that I thought I went on a long journey to a foreign country. I saw trees that never grow in England or in any place abroad where we have ever been. Then in total darkness, I seemed to be running in a sort of wood where the ground was very rough, and all the time I heard a horse galIop?n« behind me. I was, oh, so fearfully tired" mummy, when I saw a most lovely sunrise, yellow and green and red all mixed, and in the distance were white tents on which the light fell, and painted them all kinds of colors. Then I thought I heard a voice tell ing me that my work was done, and I might go homo again, and I don't remember any more till I woke and saw you looking at me so anxiously, dear old mummie.' ' My darling, it was all a dream, and you must not to think of it any more, but make haste and get well.' ' Yes, but, mother, you know I did feel most awfully tired for days, and you told me the first thing I said when I woke was ' Is he safe?' It seems as if there was something real as well as unreal about it,' said the girf, thoughtfully. 1 Well, darling, I want you to forget it all now. There is no doubt that the night before your birthday you were over-tired and ex cited, and that made you weary. I think I shall have to take away your hero, who was once my hero, if he makes you dream, Faithie. My darling daughter drove all thoughts of heroes out of my head long,' and the mother laid her faco against her child's soft cheek, and fondly kissed her. Faith returned the caress, and pleaded, ' Oh, no, mother, please don't take Captain Lennox away, and I will promise you never to dream any more.' IY. A year has passed away since Lady Faith's strange illness, and Lord and Lady Cremlyn were in Guernsey with their daughter. Sho had never quite recovered her usual spirits, and the doctor had recommended a perfect change as the beat cure. Plans had been dis cussed, many places abroad suggested for their sojourn, but as Faith said, "she wanted something quile new. ' I have it, father,' cried Lord Dor,aid one morning; 1 why don't you go to Guernsey? I have heard glowing accounts of itfromfellows who have been there, and it will certainly be different from anything you have seen before. So to Guernsey fchej' went, and Faith soon felt sho could stay in the little sea-girt isle for ever. Did one ever see such exquisite color ings in rooks and sea at any other place? Such fairy seenerv, one would have thought, ex isted only in the land of dreams ! The old market, the beautiful town church, the women with their quain t polite manners, seemed to make up a harmonious whole, which was infinitely resting. Faith quickly recovered from the nervous depression which had weighed on hei', and became once more ! the bright lively girl of a year ago. Lord and Lady Creinlyn drove all over the j island, accompanied sometimes by their : daughter ; but. more often, with her maid as a companion, Faith would wander over the cliffs and then down to one of the numerous little bays which fringe the shore, there to read or sketch, or just to feast her eyes on the lovely stretch of scenery before her. One day, returning from an excursion, she found her 1 mother quite excited. .' Faith, darling,' she cried. we have had a most pleasant surprise. We met General Hutchinson this afternoon, and he introduced us to the son of an old friend, no less a friend than the Captain Lennox whose picture you treasure so much. - I was almost startled afc first by the likeness to his father-it was like seeing one risen from the dead. - His -regi ment has lately come homo from India, aiii is stationed hero. .Ho'is a most"charming young man, and I have asked him to calL' \- Lord Cremlyn smiled at his wife's excite ment. He was not in the least jealous of her old love ; lie know her whole heart now belonged to him. 'It 3 quite a romantic episode, is it not V ho said. ' A fairy Prince for the Fairy Island as you call it-eh, Faithie V ' The bright color camo into Faith's cheeks. This was an interesting story indeed. She had thought and drcamod'ao much ofCapfcr.in Lennox the elder, and now, how delightful to see some one who had really belonged to him, . She wondered, impatiently when ho would come. She had not long to wait. A day or two afterwards, returning from her afternoon walk, she caught sight1 of a fair lieadcd stranger, sitting in the bow-window of the hotel, talking to her mother. This then was the expected guest. Faith took off her walking dress, and then with hesitation unwonted to her went down to the drawing room. When she entered, Captain Lennox's | lieail w»» hunWi av*»v from the door, h'lf* 1 L-.idy Ureinlyn's words-'my daughter/ he rose to greet the girl. What was the amaze ment of Lady Cremlyn and Faith when lie started, drew back, turned pale, and almost fell again into his chair gasping for breath. ' Faith dear, he is ill ; run and send some, one at once,' said her mother, ' and do not come back yourself.' But in a few minutes, Captain Lennox, though still pale and trembling, had recovered himself enongh to speak. ' Who is that young lady who has just been in here ? I do beaeech you to tell me, Lady Cremlyn.' That young lady ! she is my daughter, but never mind about her now-drink this. I fear you must have been feeling very ill; you should not have ventured out this hot after noon.' 'But-,' said the captain, still only half-him self ? ' I saw her that night in India you know ; she saved my life.' ' Saved your life in India ! Why Faith has lived in England all her life-she has never been out of it except for an occasional visit on the Continent. What can you mean ?' ' Oh, Lvly Cremlyn, do let me tell you all about it.' And he poured into her astonished ears the whole story of his danger and marvellous escape. And it was your daughter in her white dress, just as I have seen her this afternoon, who came to warn me, and led me out of danger. ' Can you remember the exact date when this happened V asked Lady Cremlyn. ' I have a particular reason for wishing to know.' ' Indeed [ can ; I am not likely to forget it.' And, as she expected, he named the date of the night before Faith's birthday. ' This is the most extraordinary story I ever heard,' said Lady Cromlyn, and it was now Captain Lcnnox'3 turn to be astonished as she told him the tale of Faith's sudden illness .and strange dream. They were still leep in convevsation when Lord Cremlyn appeared, and to him the wonderful facts were repeated. He listened with the closest attention and deepest inter est. At the end :-' All I can say is, not a word of this to Faith at present; she is only just recovering from the effects of that night's events, whether real or fancied, and I will not have them all brought back to her mind.' ' But you will not forbid me to see her, will you?' asked Captain Lennox anxiously. ' Think how grateful I must feel to her.' Lord Cremlyn laughed and held out his hand to the young man. 1 No, I will not be so unkind as all that, I can trust you to be perfectly silent on the subject.' There is little to add to this story. It will easily be guessed that Faith and Captain Lennox soon became all in all to each other, and before many months had passed, "were married, with the glad consent of Lord and Lady Cremlyn. It was well for Faith that the course or true love ran smooth for her. Though of a gentle disposition, she was also very firm, and her affections once given, were given for ever. It would have been impossible for her to transfer them, as her more yielding mother had done. It was from her husband's lips that Faith first heard the story of his awful peril, and how she had seemed to him like a guardian angel. Her astonishment was great, and her voice had a touch of awe as she asked. ' Do you think, Douglas, that I really went over to India that night, or was it a dream only 1 : Perhaps my white dress and fair air made you imagine me one with your deliverer.' ' Of course, Faithie, these things arc very mysterious and we cannot be certain, but I think myself that in some way we cannot understand (through sleep or otherwise) your spirit was allowed to speak to mir.e that night. It was, I believe, my father's voice which you heard crying : 1 Save him !' You always loved him though you never saw him, and he became the link between us !' For awhile Faith was silent - then she raised her head and said, ' Suppose we had never come to Guernsey, Douglas,-suppose you had never found me !' ' Ah, my darling,' ho answered, ' sooner or later I must have found you, for I believe that in spirit we were always one, and shall be one for ever. 