DANGEROUS JOKING. U T ARTIN was the eldest son and hope ol i.SlJ Mr. Lord, the Squire of Morton. His amiable disposition and superior intellect procured for him universal love and esteem. Martin was a great favourite with the girls, old and young ; but he never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate with Isabella Ashton, the daughter of the clergyman. Isabella was young and the most thoughtless girl in the village. She could have little sympathy with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin ; and, beautiful as she was, it seemed strangs that he should have given bis love to _ I Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months; be was now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the inciden t about to be related occurred. 0.*.ie evening -Isabella had a social gathering of young people at the house. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and maidens; and the company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social games. The hour at which such parties usually broke up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seen there; and J. doubt if any person here believes in the exietence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know you do, Martin,, although you arc ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed. "Come,now," continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such things may exist. Go to the churchj r ard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." " And what would that prove?" " Why, you will be frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears would put your belief to the test. How could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid"of?"" "I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in the least." " Ha, ha ! but you shall not escape so," laughed Isabella. " Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to part with, " provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you were not afraid." " Agreed," said Martin, buttoning his coat. " And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can brin^ back with you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said Isabella. Thu.% driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the churchyard, stopped a.moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate ground, for the stars shone brilliantly in the clear, cold sky—then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He had proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and his blood running chill with horror, still ho stood his ground. The spectredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. We cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the a unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. r The guests at the clergyman's house a heard terrible screams. Dreading some tragic termination to the farce they rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, while he still uttered frantic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, distorted in death. Martin uttered ah unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. He never spoke again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. 