THE MYSTERY OF THE TOWER. A Tay OF THELLNG ITKEREST, By HgLEN CORWIN PIERBOE, CHAtTER XXVIIL (CONTINUED I. The old gardener was away about ten inni s It seemed much longer to those who were waitng. He came back with a very strange white tc and wild eyes. He was trembling vio knty likeaman with palsy. Sil went up to him. bhe took hold of bim with convulsive hands. dots anything happened to Prudence Guar" she demanded. SNo, uo-nothing, I swear to you I" he -ut be looked dazed, frightened, he stared ht erin a helpless, bewildered kind of way t was both puzzling and alarming. 'What is the matter with you, man I' the oekeeper exclaimed. " You look as if you bad seen aghost." "Well maybe I have. Get your keys, Mrs T t, and come away with me. 1've some thing to say to yon". Sibyl's hand was still on his arm, her anious eyes on his face. aMiss Garr has gone," he said to her. You know the old man wouldn't lie to Sibyl fell back. She yielded the keys mechanics'ly to Mrs Turfit's greedy and im pudent clutch. She was not thinking of her, b?t watching that old man's face with a thrilled and desperateSy-throbbing heart. What was the story it toldl What had he rn--what ghost ? What was the meaning of that eager, pityin, wondering, doubting, startled look ?hisyes as he gazed at her 2 Whyshonld it make her think of Kenrick, wh this old man had loved so well ! She fell on her knees when they had all gune out, sobbing wildly : *1y darling--my darling-my darling i" .Now, then, what is it 2" Mrs Turfit de nadisof James Reese, as they were going slag one of the corridors, after locking the pwnrdoors on poor Sibyl She had sent all the rest of them on to their beds, and she and the gardener had me into the dining-room. "It is just this, Mrs T?rfir-I have seen the ghost of Mir Princel I wasn't asleep, d I didn't imagine it. I saw it as plain as I we you now." Theghost of a live man What are you hling about 2" "I don't are," James said, stoutly. "I was coming into the house, after putting Miss Garr in the carriage, and it stood right there by the big snowball bush. It is moon light, you know, and the moon shone full on his face. Wait now, and let me tell you. I thought it was Ur Prince himself, though his face was a deal whiter and thinner-like than his was when he ran screaming out of yon tower.room. He looked so strange I I was just going to speak to him, when Mr Prince's own window, which opens that way, you know, was lifted, and he called to me to know what was going on down there. Thought he heard a carriage, he said. I was that scared I could hardly speak, but I tol him liss Garr had just gone away in a car riage to catch the train at Hampton, and he swore at me horribly, and slammed the win dow down, and when I looked back for the ghost it was gone." "Goner' rs Trefit laughed contemptuously. "Well, I've heard of old people getting their second sight, but I guess you have got your first and second all at once," she said, "You see douole first-rate, James. If that is all, yo can go tobed,and I'll take care of the ghosts. Good night I" She sent him off, and stood a moment pondering, wondering if she should go and give her keys to Mr Prince. "I won'e do it 1" she muttered. " He is in no condition to have them. I will keep them ti morning anyway, and now that Luey ienier has gone, he may want me to keep them all the tmune." She felt that she would like that. Then she went to her own rooms, which were on a lower foor, and consisted of a handsome parkr and bedroom. As she entered the first, she laughed mmfally. "Ghost, indeed I" she exclaimed, and then tool mill. Something had moved near her. A curious, nepy feeling went over her. Shesprang quickly and turned up the gas, er hear in her throat. The next moment she barely stifled a K- "It is only I-Kenrick Prince. Don't you know me, lMrs Turfit 2" said a voice that went through her like a current of eleetri dry-- why, she did not pause to think. "Mr Prince!" she stammered, all her maes in a whirl, staring at him with won derng, frightened eyes. What had he done to himself since she saw him such a short time before in that lsrr-rouml Why, if he had not called his own name, she would hardly have known im, he was so white, so wild-looking.. The thought did flash over her that per hipshehad seen the ghost, or whatever it as, that had scared Reese. Never was a man so altered before in so short a time. "Do't you know me " he said again, in hollo, depairin accents. "You don't look as if you did." Thethouseeeper stood in an utter strpe "eion of bewilderment Ris itbecause he had been drinking that de him so look so dreadfully, so changed 2 'You-you look so strange ?" she stam Sagain. Are you ill What has hap pned to you " "Ton would not believe meif I told you," b said. "I have been in hell, Turfit-I bae, tuly," As he spoke he went toward her. His vht teeth were clenched. He looked wan u waseed thtn to a shadow. "hity me--help me I" he muttered, lifting dang~nmhed, horor- filled eyes to her face tthe housekeeper extended her hands. n't I Oh, don't take on so, Mr He caught the hands in his with the ne crty, and dropping his poor, ghastly lace upon them, burst into 