NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. OUTLAW & LAW-MAKER. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. V CHAPTER III.— (continued). Surely it's very natural if she cares for him." . li Poor Ina," said' Elsie, softly. "Well, she .?, l1iypy enough, apparently, when she is hujretiii" after the chickens ami furbishing ! Hp her (loirs house." "It does look a little like a bush doll's- house," said Frank. They were close to the humpcy now. It was a queer little slab place, roofed with bark, standing against a background of white gum trees, which, with their tall, ghost-like trunks and sad grey foliage, gave a sugges tion of dreariness and desolation to the otherwise cosy homestead. Lord Horace had made the best of the humpcy. It had been a stockman's hut, two slab rooms and a lean- to ; and now another hut had been joined to it, which was Lord Horace's kitchen, and there were sundry other lean-to's and straggling shanties which served for guest rooms and meat-stores. Tho verandah of the humpcy had an earthen floor, and the posts wore of barked saplings. But there were creepers growing around tiic p03ts and festooning the bark roof, and there were stands of ferns against tiic slab walls, and squatter's chairs with crimson cushions which made splashes of color. Lord Horace's chair had a glass of some spirituous concoc tion on its arm-table, which his attentive wife had just brought to him, and he was filling -his pipe, while Ina, who was only a few degrees less lovely than Elsie, leaned againstthepostancl waited submissively to be told the day's news. Lord Horace took a great deal of credit to himself for having left the humpcy in its original state of rough ness. "Some fellows, you know, would have gone to no end of expense in cartin' cedar and shinglin'and painting and spoilin'a really good Australian oiled,'' he was wont to say. "That's the worst of you Australians, you've got -no sense of dramatic fitness. And that's what I say to Ina and Elsie when they want mo to iill up the chinks between tlie slabs, and put in plate-glass windows. A bush hut is a bush hut, and t here's something barbarous in the idea of turning it iuto a villa. Wait till I've finished my stone house, then you shall see something really comfort able and harmonious, too. in the meantime, if we can't be comfortable, let us at least be artistic." Those were Lord Horace's sentiments. The new house had come to a standstill iur want of funds after the foundations had been laid, and it w.io not likely to get beyond the foundations, unless Lord Waveryngsent out further supplies ; but Lord Horace talked of it with as proud a certainty as if an army of master builders were already at work. Lady Horace came slowly down the log steps and held out her hand lo Hallett. " How do you do," she said, in her gentle little Australian drawl. "I'm very glad you have come. Elsie was saying yesterday that wo were so dull." " That's because we're on our honeymoon yet," nub in Lord Horace. " Elsie says it's quite disgusting the way we spoon." Frank Hallett noticed that Lady Horace flushed a brilliant red, and interpreted the blush as a favorable sign. Oh ves, She was happy. She must be happy. If she had not been happy she could not have answered so composedly. " We wore planning to take Elsie over to Tunimba to see Mrs. Jem Hallett before she goes down to Lciehhurul's Town. But we're a little frightened of Mrs. Jem, because she is so dreadfully grand, and she might be vexed if wo went without a formal invita tion." " Hero is the formal invitation, anyhow," said Hallett, and he produced Ids sister-in- law's note, and gave it lo Lady Horace, who duly handed it to her husband, and it was there and then settled liuio they would go. Frank Ilallett had brought something else for Ina — some of the famous Tunimba jigs, winch were now going off, and he had brought a book for Elsie, and while these offerings were being unpacked and com mented on, he sludiud Lady Horace's face. Ina was not so preuv as her sister. She was not so tail, her coloring was less brilliant, she was much quieter, it was a wonder people thought that Lord Horace, who was a fastidious person, had fallen in love with her instead of with the all- conquering Elsie. But Elsie had snubbed him, and ina was besides very pretty and very much more docile than her sister. She had a sweet little serious face, with a peculiarly delicate complexion, and a tender resolute mouth. The fault of her face lay in the light eye lashes and eyebrows, which gave her a certain insipidity. ?iho Inula very genUe manner, and she did not talk much, not nearly as much as Elsie, tiho had been only four months married. Hallett asked her how she liked tiie 39cll, ami she told him in her child-like way all about her chickens, and her pigs, and the new garden, and tlie pump Lord Horace was making, and oilier domestic details. And she asked him various questions about tlie working of Tunimba and Mrs. .lorn liallott's management, which showed that she had thrown herself entirely into her hush life, lie said something to this oli'oet. "Yes," she answered. "I want to make the Dell as much a model of a place in its small way as Tunimba is in its big way. And then, you know, Horace isn't like a regular bushman ; he must have his little English comforts " " Which he insists on combining with his Australian dramatic ellecls," put in Hallett ; "and that must make management a iillle difficult for you, Lady Horace." Ina laughed. " Oh, 1 don't mind," she said. "Now I want to show you tlie last improvement," and she took him into the sitUpgroom, which was a very cosy and pic turesque dace/ though tho walls were only of canvas stretched over the slabs, and the ceiling, of canvas too, was stained with rain droppings from the bark roof. Lord Horace had been amusing himself by drawing in sepia a boldly designed Right of swallows along one end of the room. "Not strictly appropriate to Australia, my dear fellow, but I couldn't stand the papers they showed mo. I have sent home' for something a little more artistic. It should be parrots, of course, or satin-birds, and by the way, those beggars of satin-birds have gobbled up all our loquats — but my imagination wouldn't soar, ami Ina is not inventive. I'm traiinn' her faculties, but by slow degrees." Ina Hushed again. Between the flushes she was, Hallett noticed, alarmingly pale. And surely she had got thinner. Uut .she luul taken ever so much pains over the arrangement of the drawiugroom. which was in truth exceedingly pretty and full of English odds and ends, from a portrait of Lady Waveryng in full court dress to an autlcred stag's head over tlie doorway. Ina was proud of her charming room, though she gave Elsie all the credit of the arrangement. "It was always Elsie who did the protli- ness," she said, "whether it was in our ball dresses or our parlor. Elsie has only to put her hand to a tliiug and it gels somehow the stamp of herself. L was never good for anything but the useful things." Lord Horace sal down to l lie piano, which was a line instrument, ami was tillered wjtli music, and struck a few chords. " You must hear my newest thing. It's one of those spirited bush ballads of William Sharp's, and I've set it to music. Ina and I sat up till all hours last night praclisiu' it." " Yes, " interjected Elsie, "and you made poor Ina faint by keeping her standing so long." "I wanted her to have some port wine, " answered Lord Horace, "and she wouhlnT. It was her fault, wasn't it, Ina, dear?" "Yes, it was iny fault," said Ina. "I didn't take the port wine in time." " Well, never mind," said Lord Horace, "she shall have some port wine now to make up." He rushed oil' ami brought the wine, which he made her swallow in spite of her protests. That was Lord Horace's way. A glass ot port wine for a woman, and a brandy and soda tor a man, were his notion of a panacea for ills of body and mind. When Ina had drunk her wine lie began his accom paniment again, and burst into the song. He had a fair baritone, and sang with a certain maimer as of one who knew what he was about. lie put a good deal of dramatic go into tlie rattling words— O'er tho runge and down tho gully, across the river boil, "\Vc aro riding on tho tracks of the cattlo that have lied; Tho mopokes all aro laughing, and the cockatoos are screaming. Ami bright amidst the stringy barks the parrakccts aro gleaming. The wattle blooms aro fragrant, aud tho great man- golias fair Make a heavy sleepy sweetness in the hazy morning But tiic rattle and the crashing of our horses' hoofs ring out, And llio cheery sound we answer with our long- repeated shout. And then eumo the chorus which the four took up — Coo-ec— Coo- ce— Coo-ee— < Joo-ee ! "My dear Horace," naid Hallett, " why didn't you try for fortune in the light operatic lino? You arc much better suited for that than for roughing it in Australia." " I did think of it," replied Lord iluniec seriously," but the light operatic lino is played out in England, and there's no chance for anybody now. And tlnm one's people would have thought it inira tit;/. They're old-fashioned, you know— donT go in for modern innovations — the stage cult and that .sort of thing. It's tml a hud notion of yours, though— -an opera of bush life — o; vniu' chores of stockmen and bushranger.-;, and Moonlight, for a hero. It might nay lad-tor ihau iree bolccliiiguu the Luya. i (To be euntinucd.) 