THE B* W. S. KOESIS. (Ill the,PaU Miall GasettSfy THE great trial, to which all Nethergate had been Jooting forward with, the most intense interest and excitement for upwards of two months, was over; the prisoner who had been charged with the wilful murder of the late Alderman Philips, had been acquitted by a jury of his fellow countrymen, and the weary citizens by whom the court had been, filled to over flowing all day long were trudging Imme to sapper, saying to one another as they went that they had expected nothing else-that «iiey couldn't hang the man upon evidence, but that he might, nevertheless, consider himself uncommonly lucky to hare cheated the gallows; If liis had not been the band which, had done -Ms unfortunate employer to death, he must' for Eaftk sure1 know very well who the actual criminal was. Sut the strange tiding Was that he did not know; and what was stranger still was that lie was far froiu beil^ as persuaded of his own mnoocnce asMnb£ulc gentleman in the wig and gown who had defended him had pro fessed to be. On that dark, chilly November evening,. "while the worthy (and ^perhaps slighisiy disappointed) burgesses. wjSe "way to seek warmth and slmking dowp lanes and^p^^s towarlifi the liver, trembling still, asJraWd trembleii in the dock,- "bewildered^^^B had beeiF; bewildered throughout th^^^eSreeks wkic&L; ? lie had'-spent in prison/^^^^ly able believe that he had recoven|l®fe|liberty, and without any definite idea as lie w£uf t© do with It now that he hadjg<?t-it. - .3%eC Watery of the murder r6~&aj;£ed'"as inexplicable-or almost as "inexplicable-to him as it did to the rest of the world. -JTow the ascertained facts, as succinctly recapitulated in the Nethergate Ch ronicle of the following-day, were these: On the 25th of August Alderman Philips, a well-to-do linen draper, highly rcspected both in the tows, and' i» the county, mid abruptly discharged a young man of the name of Mortimer Lock, who had been in his employment as clerk for yather more than a year, and who had been the recipient of much lrindnfina from him and from Mrs. Philips. Between ten and eleven o'clock on the evening of the same day, Mrs. Philips, entering a small room on the ground floor of her private residence, had been horri fied to discover her husband lying face downwards, upon the hearth-rug, stabbed through, the heart by a blow, which, accord ing to tiie -medical evidence, most have been almost instantaneously fatal. Near to him was stretched the inanimate form of the young man Mortimer Lock, who, however, Was found to have been only stunned, and who had evidently been felled by the heavy walking-stick, which, was. afterwards pro duced in court and identified by Mrs. Philips as one which the late alderman had constantly used. Although the night was wet and stormy the window was wide open, as was also the alderman's safe, which, was empty, and which, according to the testimony of various witnesses, should have contained « considerable sum of money, The double edged knife with which, the murder had been commited, and which was said to be of Nor wegian manufacture, was well known to have been the property of young Lock, who had frequently exhibited it to hie friends. It was stated that liehad made a present of it to his employer, with whom he had been upon terms of close intimacy; but upon this point the evidence was not verv clear. Mrs. Philips, asasaou-as she Aad recovered from;, the state of terror- and agitation into which, she had been thrown by her appalling dis covery, had hastened to give the alarm and summon the police, who, after restoring Lock to conciousness, had very properly taken him into custody. Unfortunately for the accused, no trace of footsteps could be found on the path or the flower-beds outside the open French window; on the other hand, the fact that only a few shillings had been discovered upon his person was a point in Ms faxour, 33ie prisoner's statement, which, notwithstanding the customary caution, lie had Insisted upon making both to the police and before the magistrates, was to the effect ..that lie had been publicly discharged at a moment's notice and in insulting language, without any reason being asigned for his dismissal; that lie had gone to Mr Philip's house to request an explanation, en tering (as he alleged that his liabit was) with out knocking op ringing; that some angry words had been exchanged between him and Ms late employer, and that he could recollect1 no further. * That these assertions may have been true,' observed the NethergatJ Chronicle, ' is of course possible; but it htaB been abundantly proved that the prisoner entertained a violent feeling of dislike for'Iiig late benefactors and, in view of various circumstances which, cams out during the trial, it is not easy to' acquit him. of all complicity in a crime for which the sole motive may not have been robbery.® . But the above somewhat audacious con demnation of a man who had been proiionced innocent did not appear in print until the ; following morning, by whic.li time certain events had taken place which, in the jeyes of most people, fully justified it. It was stall night, and Mortimer Lock, as he wandered down aynlessly towards the riverside, was stall g-sVwig himself whether the counsel who defended him, and the judge who had sjunmed up decisively in his favor, and the jury who had acquitted him had not, one and all, been mista&n.; He might have killed ' that old ruffian Philips - certainly he had < Jialed h im enough to do eo ; and the doctor I liad declared that it was quite possible for aj ? » ' *1 _ _ VI liAMtnnf Itnun through the heart. Anyhow, lie was rumed. To seek for fresh employment woidd be use less; he had no money and no friends; he had" even-or at least lie supposed so-for claim upon 1he affection of one who had once ewom to lore him frit ever, ±o be sure/she had done her verybesfc to shield himiu the witness-boi^here ehehadj^ven her testimony with a touching simplicity and directness which had won the hearts of au who had heard her ; but of coarse she had not - how could ehe do eo ?--fold the whole truth. She had looked like a aadly discon solate little widow; ehe hud Broken of the prisoner as a young man whom she liaSai ways thought w«U of, and wmfourf £ dimk well of ; ehe hpd not mentioned th»t i»»# been her lover norcould an? one haveguessed from r,er demeanour with what ribborrence she had shrunk from her brutal old husband. But what had her own inward conviction been ? ' ' * Bheioupt think me a murderer! the re leased prisoner mufctured, as hedropped his elbows upon the low wall beneathwhichthe river was running ewiffly, * the can't think anything eke ! Bhemever sent me a word or a «gn ^nring those awful two months 1 while I was waifcingfor death; die couldn't, I suppose- so gentle and good and womanly as she is ! No; ehe loathes me now, and it,« all over between us ; and If I had only the eourage, I would throw myself into the prater, and have done with it- Good Lord ! what a miserablethingit is to be a coward! She v;sgi tolandiet me, I remember, for being so frightened of the old man. Well, ehe will never lugrh again when she hears my name mentioned.' ? The words were no sooner spoken than there broke forth, dose to his ear, the rippling Bound of alow, melodious laugh, which, had been fairiliwr to him in happy days. He fifayfyd violently that he almost lost his balance; he was shaking from head to foot when he wheeled round and recognized fVir/mgli the mist and darkness the form of the woman whom he loved, and who 'had once loved him. 'Oh, it isn't a ghost/ her voice proclaimed; *1 am flesh and blood, like yourself. I had® feeling that you would come down here, where we used to meet; eo I slipped out of the house and made my way along the old path, upon the chance. Are you glad to see me, Morty ?' * Belle!' he gasped, * my darling Belle! is it really you?' She relieved him of all doubt as to her identity by throwing herself into his arms; and eo, for some moments, they stood clasping one another in ft close embrace, and exchang ing broken phrases of endearment, as they hnil done many and many a time during the summer that was gone. * Oh. Belle.' exclaimed the young man at length, * I thought you would never apeak to mn again I I thought you believed that that I was guilty!' * You silly boy !* she returned, * how conld you think that X should ever desert you! And if you had been guilty, as you call it? But I knew that you were not, because well, because I knew who was.' * Ton know who did it, Belle, and you havo said nothing all this time!' . * I couldn't say anything, Morty, dear. I should have liked to go to the prison and tell you.; but it would have been too dangerous. Yon are eo nervous and so-so funny that £ dared nbc run the risk. But £ will IfiU you all about it now. ft is too cold for us to sit down under the free where we used to sic on those lovely summer evenings ?' It was cold, and the ground had been fjgfaii-ateri by the heavy autumn rains; but she did not seem to notice or mind these dis comforts. She walked on a short distance; the dhe seated herself upon the sloping bank above the river, motioned to her lover to do likewise, and, taking his long, clammy fingers between her own warm, soft palms, began to chafe them gently. 'What a chilly mortal you axel* she ex claimed ; 'one would think you. bad been frozen !* He There was not light enough to distinguish her features; but, knowing them so well, he could see her as plainly as if it/had bean noonday, and could see, with a. mixture of pain and pleasure and amaze menfc, that she was quite unchanged. The clear blue eyes, the round, childish face, the golden love- locks, the dimple on her cheek divining ali khese, he almost believed that the hideous nightmare of the past two months had been obliterated, and that lie was once more spending a blissful hour at the feet of one who, to tell the, truth, had had no busi ness at all to render any hours blissful for him. * I don't think I gun so very cold, Belle,' he answered: 'I have been miserable and and frightened, that is alL But you were going to tell me something. 'Oh, yes, I must tell you; only it is rather horrid, dear, eo we*won't talk about it again, after this once. Well, you fmow, I haven't seen you since that dreadruln^rning when John found one of thjs letters that you bad written to me,- and went raging off to his place of business to dismiss you. You may imagine what a time I hadof it after became borne. Of course, I ieffc him as soon as possible, for he was so violent that f could not tell what he would do nest; but late in the evening J. beard voices in the room, so I crept downstairs, guessing that you had come, end listened at the door. Almost immediately there was the sound of a blow, and of some thing heavy falling. I rushed in; I saw you lying on the ground and John standing over you, with, his stack in his bond. I thought he had killed yop, Morfcy! I screamed, «*»»! then he laughed at nw and called mp- a vile name. My heart stood still, and all the blood in my body seemed to rush up into xuy head. I have often wondered since how l ever found the strength, or the courage to do it; but I be liore attlafc Joowent I could have doae any tiling. My eye fell upon your Norwegian which was lying on the table, and in an h^Be^ed. ifc and driven it with all ^jjiqiare.is^;fMphjEwS;:siHS dropped for ward' dead, wit!^p)it?u|±^finga ^ouna. It was awful, ah& yeti lomelipwiI.^& 6aieabifc; T __: 1 ? . « ?.? -irr.rl jt .i « ~ awiui, ancj yetj ttometpwj L dM iibfcj I only trittinphcsd. Well, {hfefi 'Belle, Belles I' broke in the young man, in an agonized voice,' what are you saying ? Is it possible that you-goal-can be a mumlej»0£ ?' 'Oh, Morty, don't use such horrid words You know how cruel lie was to me, and haven't I just told you that I thought lie had you. Well, I was going to cay that J? T £{]i|pt|^)}a ^gpytj ftt him, with the Itnife in myiuind,\ypu iadsp'Sd.^M Starred a little. >. AH of-a sodden ever* thm^ became wonderfully. clear to me. I foresaw that you. would get well, and that there might yefc be yearsiof happip«sg, for us, if only I did not lose my presence ofmind. I thoughtat once of btfrglaars,; I knew the servants were in bed and could have fieaM nothing, or they would have been down before then. So I tfcre^ the window open, took John's keys out of his pocket and emptied his safe, which was full of bank-notes and money. I have kept the gold and silver, but I was obliged to burn the notes afterwards, because I was afraid that the numbers might have been taken. Then I raised a hue cry and cry, and the rest you know. Yon would never have believed that 1 tas bo tffiave of so clever, would you, I M6flj ?' .6hfe (nsditob^, with another of her §offc, ciiil8-like ladgiiS. Mqrtimfer 1 Set nMde rio r£pty. He hmi withdrawn his hand from hers, and was pressing - it to his forehead, which achfd a i good deal. 'They might have hanged me,9 he said at length. . * Oh ! bnt I knew they could not do that; everybody said you weresure to be acquitted.' : "Everybody ?etill thinks I had & hand in the min-der, all the same/ 5* 'Everybody in Neftergate, you mean; but | what does that inattei1 ? shall go some where far away and be married and happy, j I am quite rich now, you ]movt Morty. | John left everything to mein his will.1 > Sow it was Mortimer e turn to laugh, though there was not much sound of hilarity in his laugMer. ' That is a famous plan/ cried. ' We have got .rid <jf the man Wliorii we both liated BO, and hbw we ace go ing to marry and livehappily upbn hisuioney. That is something like a revenge, isn't it?* ' Oh, Morty, I don't think we need talk any more .of; revenge -. now,f' the woman answered, with a touch of reprpof in her voice. He laughed loudly once moxie,'and^ catch ing her iii bis arms, kissed her again and again with a passionate vehemence that took her breath away. 'Let me go!' she gasped. ' You are hurt ing me, Morty. What is the matter with you?' He made no answer, nor did he relax his grip. He had swung her off her feet and was carrying her nearer and nearer to the river's brink. There lie paused for a moment, and then, with a great heave, flung her from him into the swollen flood below. One despairing shriek ran oat from the darkness, and was followed by - silence. ^Nethergatc folkgoto bed early, and the spot was not at any time» frequented one. Ae for Mortimer Lock, he sat down, with his head on his hands, and so remained all the night through, groaning and muttering at intervals. Hot until 10 o'clock on the follow ing morning did a liaggard, shivering man walk into, the police-station, where - informa tion had just been received from Mrs Philips* alarmed servants that their mistress had <Es-. appeared. * You needn't trouble to search for Mrs. Philips,' titts ma.n said, laughing; ' she's been drowned in .the river. I don't know what jm.i become of her body. I didn't kill her husband, but I killed her-it was indispen sable.' ' JJow, my man,' remonstrated the burly, red-whiskered personage to whom this start ling avowal was addressed, ' mind what yon are .about.. .You have drawn your neck oui of the noose,, as one may say, oage; take qaye you don't shove it hack again.'. \ I .;. < Thank you,-Mr. Inspector, but nay wish is to be hanged. Can't it be done at once? I don't want to go to prison again; I was so wretched there. I would rather be hanged at once.' But Mortimer Lock has not been hanged, and he will be kept in prison for the remain , der of his life, which, it may be hoped, - wall not be a long one. The medical experts pro nounced hiwi to be hopelessly defcanged, and a criminal lunatic asylum was evidently the only place for him. Win Phillipe'e body, which was discovered in dre course, was laid beside that of her un fortunate husband, and tbe deepest sympathy was feltlbr these two victims of a dangerous, but, unhappily, irresponsible Wretch. There are some who remark That^ertaintirciim stances connected with the murder of the late Alderman Phillips still remain unaccounted for; but ? that is always apt to be the case when crimes have been committed by mad men. IThjj Epd.] 'Always speak well or your neiguDOur.' There is nothing that so increases a man's desire to work in the garden as the discoveiy that MB wife has misplaced the rake. Police justice (to the tipsy prisoner)-'Been round seeing the "eights, j -^suppose?' Tipsy prisoner-Tfezzer honor ; snake show. ^-iSimpBonJooks^llfagged out.' What's the Snatfcer?' file's been comiSaag upall tbe he could have brought wilh JJlV "beTost. v 'De law,' save Uncle Mose, 'am a mighty brickie thing. Whenebber a man takes it inter Jiis awn fcazufe he mi eho' to break fr. 