I ABOVE THE SPEAKER. _ j BY TiMoros. \- Timotheus placed on high."' " 4 The political chief of these days must be able to play his personal part in the mile after the fashion of Homer's heroes, or of the slashing " Shaw the Life Guardsman." Likewise he must survey the field as does the modern general, and " teach repulsed battalions to engage," as with Marlborough in advance, or draw " the laboured mmpart lines" of a Wellington in retreat. This week Sir Graham Berry was the cautious leader rather than the fighting there. He recognised that to seek to defeat the Ministry in the House just now is to strengthen it in the country. His opportunity is not to-day, but is later on. So in his kindest manner Sir Graham intimated that last week's ebullition was all an error, and that really the desire of the Opposition is to assist Ministers into a recess. The hon. gentleman did the thing handsomely. Why, he asked Ministers, pass only one railway bill per evening? Why not suspend the standing orders, and introduce and go on with a second or third as the opportunity offered ? So business has been pushed through, and a strange, perplexing, and eventful session is at its close. When the House met in June, with the big Shiels Berry majority, it did not appear likely that the Government of the day would go out, and still less probable was it that the end would find Mr. J. B. Patter- son in. The calm of the closing days is only on the surface. It cannot deceive the steady watchers, and if visitors are misled it is because they usually go and come at the wrong times. "The still and solemn hour when night and morning meet " is the proper period to intrude upon the Assembly-not just after dinner, which is the common selection, but just before supper. Graveyards do not yawn at midnight, and neither do members, who rather become lively. Ghosts do not appear upon the scene, but the passions do. It was just before 12 that the decision on the second reading of the Appropriation Bill was taken, and that was the time for a glimpse into the real House-not the House on good behaviour, but the House with Mr. McLean and Mr. Wheeler indulging in jeers and taunts in response to declarations by Mr. Patterson and sarcasms and challenges thrown in by Mr. Downes Carter. Mr. Carter's lively, address was forced upon him. He had to stonewall for a time, for the Ministry had let supporters go home, and for Ministers to sustain a defeat the first time they were challenged directly by the direct Opposition Sir Graham Berry having submitted the amendment would have been at the best a personal humiliation. Amateur whips were at work, and were so eager in their business that the perspiration dripped from their foreheads as they checked lists and sent in hot hosts for debatable men. Sir Bryan was pressed into the work, the hon. baronet returning triumphant with the pleasing and round form of the senior Mr. Murphy, while Mr. Gillies strolled in accompanied by the burly Mr. Murray, who consented to vote with the new men. Then Mr. Carter could sit down. There are two Btonevvalls, one on which you amuse the House by gambols, and the other on which you go for the foe, and the Treasurer had adopted the latter policy. And the Opposi- tion had replied with jibes and yells, so that both sides had the inestimable advantage of learning what the one thinks of the other Ministers look upon their critics as baffled, disappointed, and incompetent, and the Opposition regard Ministers as adventurers, who jumped the position, and prevented the coalition settlement winds real leaders were arranging. in anger as well as in wine there is truth. Only one conclusion could be drawn from the stormy episode. The Opposition have not taken to the new Government kindly. They will attack at the earliest moment they obtain the chance. So soon as Ministers develop their policy the Left will seek new alliances, and will mean immediate mischief. Few things would seem to be so certain is that the next Budget no matter what it is-will lend to a want of confidence motion of some kind, and that this motion will have a good prospect of being carried. And the Government recognising so much, said time after time, through Mr. Carter, " Defeat us when you like, but defeat will mean a dissolu- tion." Amid so much heat it was amusing to see the coolness and courtesy of Mr. Gillies on the one side and Sir Graham Berry on the other. Mr. Gillies relied on the " patriotism " and the experience of Sir Graham not to push oppositions to a vote. If Sir Graham dissented from this view of his duty it was not without a reference to the " courtesy " and "sagacity" of the member for the Eastern Suburbs. Neither of the hon, gentlemen would stoop to act on the precept which enjoins the Parliamentarian to treat his friend as though he might become a foe. But both know the value in certain circum- stances of treating the foe as though he might become a friend possibly an early friend. Stormy times will not be bad for Mr. Patterson. He is far more likely to make a success when the winds blow when there are perils to be surmounted, and when personal courage may tell-when his enemies will secure him friends-than he is likely to shine in quiet periods, when faults are noticed and vacillation is apparent. The first part, at all events, of the Shaftesbury lines apply " A daring pilot in extremity, Pleased with the danger when the waves ran high, He sought the storms ; but, for a calm unfit, Would steer too nigh the sands to boast his w It." The Ministry is well equipped for any lighting career that may be before it. Mr. Patterson is a Cour de Lion with the battle axe, and Mr. Carter a Saladin with the scimitar. One peacemaker in a Cabinet is always required, and circumstances have thrust this rule upon Sir Bryan. Office, that hon. gentleman has confessed, in a modest little address, has materially modified his views about borrowing, about retrenchment and about censuring Ministers. The time has come for abandoning recrimination, and for working together. "Little children, love one another," is now his cry. He has altogether lost his loquacity As bees on flowers alighting- cease their him, he Celts on office settling soon arc dumb. It is a pleasure to see anyone so downright happy as Sir Bryan looks. The mining vote was debated with great vigour to the end. Between the officers of the department and the mining members there is fierce war on this point. Theoflicdis can-and do-put some galling comments in their reports, and the mining members retaliate with a surprising wealth of expression in the House. The department controls the diamond drills, and the members support the local boards who divided-shine and share alike the prospecting grant ; the officers aver that the grant has done positive mischief by inducing companies to waste time in a miserable scramble instead of attending to work, while according to Mr. Vale the history of a diamond drill would be as good as a detective story of mystery and crime. Mr. Vale clings to the hope-just clings to it-that the officers are guilty only of folly. "It would have been better for the colony," chimes in Mr. M'Lellan, "had they all been drowned so soon as they were born." A reconciling criticism seems ponsible here, and it maybe believed that the one part of the expenditure is mismanaged and that the other is useless so that the one could be reduced and the other stopped. But it will be a great light next session between the iTtronehi-rs and the rivers. It will be a struggle betwixt wind and tide. It will depend on the strength of the one in tinonee or the other whether the ship swings to the breeze of to the current, and all that can be predicted is screeching and confusion, and perhaps a shipwreck:, the Ministry to go out of office or the House to go to the country. Altogether tlicdibuussiims on the municipal vote- ii'iHictiun and the mining vote reduction must have taught Ministers one lesson. Playing with ic'tit'iichinc'iit will not save them. It is quite as easy to carry a big scheme is a small one, for a big scheme may win (support where a little one would induce the few and would not arouse the I many from their normal condition of apathy Mr Graves should take heart His con 8tituentscan by no means reasonably blame hereabout the omitted Glenrowan Hedi line No one could have trimmed with more skill the MI the hon. member in favour of the local railway When the Ministerial crisis occurred both sides were counting on his vote and both regretted the sudden call which had taken the hon gentlemen to remote regions beyond the possibility of recall-which had compelled him to put mountains forests and rivers between himself and a crucial decision On his return to town I was discov- cated that the hon. member was a discriminating supporter of the men in power prepared as he said to judge by results hoping that Minis terswould rise above a paltry locihsmond would propose great and national work a such as the Red and Glen row an cockspur Nobnccj no prayers No renovate And as all that was made clear to a Government that some votes, badly what more could be done by the local member' Glen Rowan and Reds will begin the next bill of course but evidently Mr Graves thinks that a dissolution will come prior to that bill and that he can pose best as the opponent of the men who cruelly and ingeniously ' denied to Delatite the right of priority When the O'Loghlen Government retired one or two of its members become altered men They imagined a grievance showed temper and degenerated into bores It would be a thousand pities if any of the ex Ministers of to day imitated this bad example In no situation is a breeze good natured disposition shown to more advantage than on the front Opposition row After all no one pegs out a freehold on the Treasury benches and no one is permanently excluded except by himself In 1 England according to Dickens the man who has turned morose becomes a turnpike keeper so that he can gratify his feelings by levying tolls In Victoria whatever else happens to the morose man, he is never again a Minister All the speed which the Legislative Conn oil could put into its v work has not enabled that honourable and astute body to catch up with the Absentee Tax Bill Almost it would reach the measure and then the in tery ening subject would be found to require so much discussion that an adjournment would be required Even if the session were extended for a month it is probable that the Council would not quite get up to the proposal Apparently the Council does not want to reject the bill and to come into collision with the Assembly nor does it desire to pass the measure and run the risk of scaring English capital by a class tax Hence the idea of letting the impost stand over to be included in the larger and all round scheme which alas seems probable next session The three medical men in the Assembly have their joint and several peculiarities Mr L L Smith is the loudest of mern been- loud in every sense of the term No one will deny to Mr Maloney the full enjoyment of the right and title of the silliest of all Out of doors he is sometimes referred to as a firebrand but this expression pro voices among the. initiated a smile A fire brand is someone who can do mischief while Mr Maloney only provokes a matter No one felt inclined to take notice of his references to repudiation as a possibility, because these utterances are only meant to attract attention and are accompanied with a look round for effect Dont you think] my opinions very dreadful? Am I not really shocking j out' Mr Scott the third medical man of the House is evidently making-, a psychological study of his fellow practitioner and at this stage he gravely questions whether all the. West Melbourne chatter he hears is sane lins 13 natural enough But really there is a line to be drawn between political non sameness and poster pigeon vanity The old woman who lived in a shoe and is troubled with a numerous family had a particular form of punishment-administered no doubt with a slipper-winch might well be left in the hands of Mr. Speaker on these idle ' repudiation talk occasions 