WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23BD. Tbe Speaker took the obair at half past fear p.m. QBTOBTIONB. Mr. HARPER asked the CommiiBioaer of Bail ways-1. Wbo was to blame for the large number of defective 'fish-plates need in the construction of the South- Western Railway, and for the inferior character el some of the .ngia.es and other rolling stock imported from j England sinoe the appointment of the Agent, j General ? 2. Had the Baid defeotive goods j been purchased at low, médium, or high rates ? 3. By whom had the said goads been inspected and passed ? 4. Was such inspec- tion paid for by commission or salary f 5. Was the same inspeotor still employed by the Government P The COMMISSIONER OK RAILWAYS replied. 1. As regarás tbe fish plates they were manufactured by the Ebbw Yale Com- pany, and this oompany have admitted their liability for the defective plates, by refund, jug the coat of these supplied in lieu thereof. The purchase took place previous to. an appointment of the Agent-General. Copies' of the correspondence on the subject were now laid on the table. 2. The fish plates were purchased at the market rate current at the time. 3. They were passed by the officer (Mr, W. H. Stenger) acting under Sir Charles Shelton Gregory, Consulting En- gineer. 4. The inspector was- paid by a commission of 2s. 6d. per ton. 5. The same inspector is still employed by the#onsulting .Engineer in England. AB regards the loco- motives. A correspondence is now taking place with referenoe thereto, and the matter is being inquired., into in England. .Three ' Kitsons' locomotives received in December,: 1891, were somewhat defective ia workman, ship and materials, but ne ether defeotive rolling stock has been receive*. The COLONIAL TREASURER, in reply te Mr. TXAYUN, seid Che Government had not given permission to the contractor for the^ Midland Railway to work {cern the ?ottâevft. end only, insteel *f afc both ends ^l^aplP loMoitbe ^^fivdfi^àéiçit, nev haae^pemitelot.beea «p^föd THE HOMESTEADS BILL. The Homesteads Bill was farther con. sidered bi committee. Clause 22 was agreed ti. On olause 23 " L*ave to pay cost of survey by instalments," Mr. A. FORREST mored an amendment to the effeot that one half of the survey foe should be paid by the lessee. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the cost of surrey was at present a great tax apon the country. Mr. MONGER supported the amendment, but thought it ought to go further. He would like to see the Government pay the whole of the survey. Mr. LEFROY said it would be well to re. member the oonntry at present was only r chiving about ons farthing an aero for the land it was proposed it should race1 ve a penny and Cwepenoe an aore. (The COLONIAL TBEASTJBEB: We part with the freehold, though ; now it is only und«r leaBe.) Tes ; in 30 years, but that was almost a life time. He urged that the conditions of settlement should be made as liberal as possible, and supported the amendment. s Mr. RICHARDSON supported the ' amendment as being a fair compro- mise. Wi1 h regard to what had been said about the lund at a farthing an acre, it might have been added that very little of it was taken np. He denied that there was any advantage to tbs State in the land being under lease, and contended that it was ad- vantageous when it waa taken np and settled and improved. Mr. HASSELL supported the amendment. Mr. CLARKSON aleo thought the amend ment was a reisonable one. . The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS pointed ont that there were macy olaims upon tho Government, and it won'd require a good sum to provide the surveys. Mr. LOTON argued tint the first year's rent wenld pay the cost of tho survey. The seoead year's rent would entirely r^caup the Government. Tbe COLONIAL TREASURER said that the Bill had got into a different shape to what he had intended. It was proposed in tbe Bill (o lease much larger areas than was intended. He oontended that th<» amount paid by the holder of a lca«e would be a small one for surrey, being in the oise of a 10,000 aore man net more than £10 a year, or £b0 altogether. Tbe class of man who weald talc* np the land would not feel the small eharge par annum in any way. Mr. MOLLOY said that while the object of the measure was stated the ether day to be the ioereaae of settlement, its object now ap- peared to be to serve the capitalistic class and enable-them to obtain large areas of land at the expense of the poorer class of the com- munity. He was opposed to this exolusivism. Mr. FORREST said it was impossible for the poorer classes of the community to take np these leases, owing to the expense of cultivation and improvement. Mr. THROSSELL supported the amend meet. The amendment was agreed to. An additional amendment moved by the COLONIAI. TBEABTJBEB, providing for the extension of the period for making the im- provements where the survey had not been made, was agreed to. ? Clause 25 «. Improvements required to be made on homestead leases" : Mr. RICHARDSON moved to amend the clause by requiring the improvements to be effected during the ten years ensuing after the first five years, end also to fix the amount annually to be expended on suoh improve- ments at an amount equal to 8d. per acre per annum in second class landa, Sd. per acre per annum in third class lands. The bon. member agreed that it was more to the in* tercBts of the lessee that be should be re* quired te get bis improvements eompldted in the earlier part of his leaee. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS supported the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. Mr. HARPER suggested the desirability of including the eradication of poison in the improvements. Tbe COLONIAL TREASURER thought it would be included ia the term improving tbe agricultural or pastoral capabilities of the land. Clause 26 *'Pastoral lessee in ooonpationa to have prior right to homestead leases". Mr. RICHARDSON moved to add a proviso, entitling the lessee to select double the area allowed nadir the previous provisions of the Bill, and to a rebate of one-third of the prescribed annual rent. ' He urged that in consideration of a pastoral lesaee having spent years and much capital in stocking and in building np a homestead, they might not wish to legislate over b» head, bat give him tbe opportunity of operating under tbi«. measure to the ext-nt name1!, but that he should be required to comply with all its terms and conditions, except as regarded tbe area of selection and the amonnt of rental. Tbe COLONIAL TREASURER opposed the amendment, and did not think it would have the effect desired. He did not believe there were many people ia thfs country who wonld be ' prepared to fence in and improve such a vaBt area, especially in the period fixed by ólanee 24. Even, if they oenld find people who were prepared to do BO, he did not think it was to the interest of tbe country that they should encourage the formation of large estates of this kind. He pointed out that ander the present Land Regulations, the lessee bad ample opportunity to obtain as maoh land aa was necessary. He did net see why tbe rebata ia the rental should be al lawed, and ou the whole really did not be* titee it fjp Äätf % many. He disapproved of the tarnation ef these large .states, and thought if many of the people in the country had half their present area, the land would be better improved, and the eonntry better settled. Ur. LEFROY said, when he first read thia clause, he tbonght it a cruel one, and saw no reason to alter bis opinion. He urged it would seriously affect a large number of excellent avsttlsre - leaseholders -- in the Champion Bay district and the neighbourhood, and would wipe thea altogether out of exist- ence, attar they had spent the best part of their lives and all their capital in forming homes tbat were a credit to the oolony. It was said that the agriculturists were the backbone of the country, and he believed tbat ; but if the farmers were the backbone of the colony, the pastoralists might be «ailed the lifeblood of tba country, and it was these men who had done so much to advance the colony, who would be treated most harshly by this clause unless they were protected. ' 6.30 Tfae Chairman left tba chair. On resuming at half-past seven e'oloek, Mr. CLARKSON thought the lessees were deserving of more consideration than it was proposed to give them in the olause. Mr. A. FORREST said the clause had hie entire sympathy, bnt he could not vote for it. It went too far. Mr. THROSSELL regretted to have to oppose the amendment, though it was well intentioned. It seemed to savour of the polioy-WoBb Australia for the West Aus- tralians. Mr. TRAYLEN said he would support the amendment if it was modified. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the major portion of the lessees of the southern portion of the colony had, by Act of Parliament, been dispossessed of their lands and reoeived no more oompensatien than being paid their improvements. Why should they now begin to treat another class of people in a different way. It seemed to him that the lessees were liberally treated under the Bill. Mr. RICHARDSON said that he was not wedded to the amendment, but in bringing it forward he had been actuated by a feeling of justice. Several of the opponents to the amendment were influenced by fear of tho opinion of other*. The fear of forming large estates struck him as being a very peouliar objection. Tba company waB nothing but a ghost, and a ghostjtiat many hon. members were afraid of. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that if the Bill had been left as intrednced by the Government it would have interfered very little with the pastoral tenant. And now the hon. member, after the amendment bad been carried increasing the areas, eame g forward and said that they should not interfere with tho pastoral lessee. Mr. LEFROY thought that the argument of the Premier was a very lame one. He thought that they should legislate in the spirit of West Australia for the Western Australians, and not for those who were to oome here. When they did come they would be West Australians. He was not there to legislate for any elass. He had no particular class in biß eye. The amendment was altered by having all the words relating to rebate struck: out. The amendment was negatived On the voice _ The oíanse was amended by providing that three months should be allowed for making an application instead of two months* j The clamo ss amended was agreed te. ! On dante 27, " When OB what conditions a crown grant may be obtained," Mr. LEPFOY moved an amendment to provide thtt the oash value of the rental due on the lands after the fir-t Sro years should be reckoned at compound interest at 5 per cent. g ". Mr. LOTON supported the amend- ! ment. j The COLONIAL TREASURER opposed the amendment, as be did not think it was a prinoiple adopted in any of the colonial legislatures. The COMMISSIONERoi- CROWN LANDS said that they were paying a paltry interest upon an assumed capital-a paltry interest. Mr. HARPER: For paltry land. The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said that they could be doing a 'good thing for the large bolder by oarrying the amend, ment, but not for the country. It seemed to him that after a time, instead of reoeiving mosey from him they would have to make a refund to bim. Mr. MONGER was surprised that the Go. vernment should offer any opposition to the amendment. » Mr. TRAYLEN remarked that there oonld not possibly be any refund. He thought that the interest s'xould be at 4 per cent. Mr. FORREST said that be would move that progress be reported, in order that members nreht have time to think over the question, milich was very important. Tho COLONIAL TREASURER said this proposal was very good from the bon. mem- ber's p5int of view, but upset the regulations on which they bad been working for a few years. He regarded it as only another plan to get the land too cheaply, and ask«d, why if the man wished to acqnire the land soon, the State should not get the benefit of it. They were not legislating for the persons who wished to get the fee simple of the land at once, or in the course of a year or two, but they wished to have them Bettie en the land. Theprioe of the laud had been made low enough, bnt hon. members wished to get it fer nothing. (No, no.) The Committee divided on the motion to report progress, with tbe following result: Ayes .18 Neel ". . 8 Majority ," 10 Division List.-Ayes : Hon. Sir J. Format. Hon. S. Bart, Hon. W. E. Marmion, Hon. H. W. Venn, Mr. Clarkson, Mr. A. Forrest, Mr* Harper, Mr. Hassell, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Pearse, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Quinlan, Mr, Richardson, Mr. Simpson, Mr. Solomon, Mr. B. F. Sholl, Sir J. LeeSteere, Mr. Throssell. Noes: Mr. Darlot, Mr. Lefroy, Mr. Loton. Mr. Molloy, Mr. Monger, Mr. Piesse, Mr. H* Sholl, Mr. Traylen. MUNICIPAL INSTITUTIONS BILI* 9 The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in moving the second reading, said dorine; last session of Parliament, the hon. member for West Perth moved a resolution, which was agreed to, that tho Government be asked to prepare a measure of this sort oonsolU dating the municipal laws of the colony generally, and bringing the question generally up to date. It was well-known that prior te last session the municipality of Perth had been preparing, for some time, a Bill of their own, which would be applicable merely to the city. That Bill had not been introduced beoaase the Government had felt it their duty to deal with the question in a general way, and to apply the previsions of this Bill to the municipalities throughout the colony. None of the previsions of this Bill were in any way outside such as might be seeded by any ether municipality throughout the colony than that of Perth, although for many of the provisions there would be little or ne necessity in some of the smaller municipalities for some time to come. In the Bill were preserved the municipalities as they existed at present* and provision had been made for the creation of new municipalities as they should become necessary hereafter, and they would be created as heretofore by the Governor-in counoil. The Bill was divided into ten parte. In the second part they found the previsions relating to the constitution of municipalities. There was nothing very particular in these clauses, but there was one new feature they had included, namely, the appointment of committees and sub- committees by the Council, which was usual in municipalities of larger size. He believed these committees were working in Perth sow. Part 3 dealt with the qualification of electors, and they also found how the electoral list woe made np. They bad'endeavoured throughout the Bill to adhere te the existing arrangements so fax as they related to matters of administration; therefore with regard to the making np of the lists, the provisions in the Bill were simply a re-enactment of the present laws, with certain improve* mente. Part 4 dealt with the qualification ef the mayor, councillors and auditor«. These provisions were in the present Aot. The next part related to the elections of councils, and in this a change was p ropo Bed. Heretofore elections had been conducted in rather a haphazard way, and no provisión had been made against acts of bribery and corruption. For acme time past it had been desirable to put these proceedings en a better footing, and to provide that universal and undisguised liberty shoald sot be so rampant as in the past, and this «aa aimed at in Part 5. A change had also been made in tte voting. Before, the system had been that of open voting, it being apparent hoir the voter reoorded his vote. The Grovern* ment had introduced the system of veting by ballot-(hear, hear)-one that obtained at elections to Parliament, and one that ought to have obtained before nov for elections to municipal oonnoils. At first, it seemed as though it would be a little trouble- some to arrange for the ballot of the mayor, councillors and auditors on the same day, and at the same time, but he thought the system would be found perfectly clear and put into simple form. The way waa this : For the eleotion of a mayor there were votera who exercised from one to four votes, accord- ing to the value of their property. Ia voting far the mayor it would be neoessary that ballot papers should be given to the voter for as many votes as he held, a voting paper for the councillor, and \oting papers for the auditors. He would thus be voting, really, in a hort of three-fold eleetioa. They had ! retained the system of proxy voting by per- sons residing a distance of twenty mileB from the muicipality, but Che form of vot- ing had been simplified. Voters would, however, be required to sign their vot- ing papers. In part 6 they had the powers and duties of the coun- cils. These they bad endeavoured to enlarge. First of all there was the power to make by-laws, and very ample powers were given, and he thought there were very few things that were not provided for in this clause (99), twenty-eight different mattera being provided fer. Among these provision had been made for hawkers' licenses, licenses for chimney sweeps, and licenses for scaven- gers, all of which had been put on their proper footing in the Bill. In this part also wonld be found provision for the width ef public streets set out by the council, and private streets set out by the owners of land. A good many provisions had been taken from the draft Municipal Bill he had referred to as being prepared by tho City Council, and he heped the members for tho Perth constituencies would see that the Government were indebted, ss he waa glid to acknowledge, for many; of these seeions relating to the duties of the eonncUs. Part 7 related to finanoe, and provided how the rates were to be assessed, commencing with seotion 141. The manner in which the annual revenue of tbe council was included, but the exceptions to the tateable property, were provided for in seotion 144, whioh contained similar pro- visions to an Aot passed by the Legislature last seBsion, and they, there» fore, bad the opinion, and a Ute opinion, of: Parliament npon the snbjeot. Olsons 145 pro» i vlâed that on the third Saturday of Deoimbaf cf etea year the Council should make a valuation of tbe annual value, and when neoeaaary of the c ip it il value, and the mode pf valuation WSB fixed by olau60 147. It would not be always necessary to make a valuation on th? annual value, and it should only bo made when it was necessary. If they oonld find the anneal value they did not require to find the capital value, os tao rates .would bo assessed oa the annual value and not on the capital raine. In finding the annpal value they had io be guided by the rules laid down in section 147\. They had accepted m*ny of the ' provisions contained ia the draft ?Bill prepared by tho City Council. Th<» capital valus was to be estimated at the fair average value of land, exclusive of all im Srovement, in fee simple, in the same neigh- borhood, tubjeet to the provisions of sub- section S, which sets the nrnimum at 5 per Cent, upon the capital value. That was lo aay that if a piooe of land with improvement was worth ¿3,000,' cr unimproved worth JBl,000, the rate would be fixod at 5 per cent, en tho JE1.000, or in other wsrdi ¿850. But in order that advantage might not bo taken by putting a small shanty on valuab'e land, and then seeking to pay rates on the basis of the rent of that shanty, the section provided that the rates shall be assessed at a valuation of cot less than 5 per. ant of tho value of the land. Then eub-sfdi->n 4 provided that ne land should be considered to be nn eooupied if the same be coterminous and let or occupied with any lands that were occupied and rattd. That would settle a dit pu te, wbioh hid ling been undecided. There wonld no doubt bs a considérable difference of opinion on the B il, bot it was an attempt to put mattera on a reasonable footing. Ho thought tho Bill should com- mand the support of the majority of the House. The Government would not oppceo an alteration to the BilJ, if some better plan êonld be proposed by hon. members. It might be said that 5 p:r cent, was too high a rat-*. But that* tras a matter which coull bo fixed in committee. The same portion cf the Bill contained a provision for appeals against rater. Those | appeals could be made to the local court of eaîn district. This would pat the ratep%yerB on a better footing than at present. Tbe precess of appealing under tbe present law peing rather involved. It was provided that When a rate was struck notice should be served on tte ratepayer?, and it was also provided that the rates should be paid into the office. There wonld not be a rats cr Ileo. t». There was a provision also to distrain ona number of persons by one warrant. He believed it had been difficult for a eounoll to ascertain to whom a property belonged and it was provided in the Bill that notioe of every sub- division or transfer of property, should be given to the council. The eigh'h part of the Bill related to loans. Thees were pretty well the same as they wero at present. The next part referred to the auditing, and Chere was a provision for the appointment of spécial auditors. The remaining portions of fte Bill dealt with a few miscellaneous pro. visions, chiefly relating to legal proceedings to recover rates. The Bill had involved a great deal of labour in its compilation, end he hoped it would have the support of hon. members. (Hear, beer). On the motion cf Mr. A. FORREST, the debate was adjonrned until Mcndoy. CEXHSBS IMMIGRATION AMENDMENT BILL. The debate cn the motion for the seoond reading of the Bill was resumed. Mr. RICHARDSON said hon. .members were thoroughly in accord with the spirit of the remarks made by the Colonial Treasurer the other evening. They were all agreed tbat some restriolion should be placed on the j Chinese. Ou the other hand there were some Unilie8e. KW me utuciuauu LUCIO »CLO auuia phases of the qaestica which addressed them- selves more vividly to the northern members, and whioh did net present themselves BO strongly to the mern Hers of the sonth. It wes . no doubt a hardship to the people in the north to be deprived of servants through the reluctance of white persons to accept mental positions lu the country. He could not eoe any element of danger in allowing a few Chinese servants to these people. He would also allow Chinese as cooke for people in the < country. Granting these few concessions, he thought the Bill was calculated to stop any .further great influx of the Mongolian race. Be thought, however, the provision that one Chinese to every £00 tons barden of n vessel was too much cf a restriction. Seeing that the vessels were very few, he would urge that the proportion should be ODO to every 200 tons, which would make tho law approximate to that in the other colonies, where there were more steamers. He thought it was rather arbitrary that the people in the oountry should be deprived of any Chinese help to improve the comfort of their life. He thought the Bill might be so modi- fied that a few Chinese oculd be admitted as houBe servants only. .Mr. MONGER congratulated the Govern- ment on introducing the Bill. There was only section of the community that ware opposed to the Bill-the northern people. He »aw that in 1888 thers were 400 Chi- ev» in the colony, and this number had been i creased to over 1,300, or threefold. Tb<* \, M portion of the increire of thc Chinesi w. great ar than thit of the white people Tlu-y must adnrt, if they trok tin statement of the AW-Weet Times, that theie w«ro miro Chinese in the north than were requited. They heard som? argoo that the Chinese labour was cheap, bnt it must be admitted by those who had experience of them t'nat it was one of thod?arest that could be bad, and not only this, they brought with them objection- able diseases and habits. Tho hon, member (M^. RlicbRrd--On) had asked the Government f jfàfitâ* so^a slight modiftçation in (be Bill, and reduce the tounago from SOO to 200. Un- hoped the Government would refuse to do co, and also that they would refuse to send it to a seleot cemmittse. He regretted the Bi 1 had not gone further, and restricted the i¡> migration of Chinese, Afghans, Malayans, ard all other alien races, and he hoped the Government would see their way to intro tuce provisions dealing with this. Another man-er he wished to refer to was that the peep o o this colony were playing into tbe hands cf this race, namely, in the expert of sandal wood. Mr. Bi. P. SHOLL that they would all acknowledge the wisdom of checking to a very great extent thé influx of Chinóse. 1 he hon. member who had just sat down had re- ferred to the abuses of the Chinese. The hon. member had imported maoy Chinese, and was responsible for a large number of the Chinese in the oolony. But be had found ont tho futility of employing them. To say that the Cbanise only brought into the oolony objeo t ion able habits and customs was a libel. They were Uw-abidiag and aobor, and they never appeared in the police court except as plain- tiffs, or as the viotims of a saUanti by the members of that els si which the hon. mem- ber would pat on the back. The Chinaman made a reliable cook, and he provided cheap vegetables fer the labouring maa. So that the Chinaman was really a benefit to tbe working man. He thought that if the Govern- ment would allowan amendmentof oneCbinese to every 200 tins burden, it wonld meet all requirements. There were only two vessels trading to Singapore from tl e oolony, and they might be taken off, an i stop altogether the importation of the Chínete. As te the Nor'- West Times representing publio opinien he did not think that that paper or any other paper represented public opinion. They might influence publio opinion. He did not believe any paper in the c jlony, or anywhere else, represented publio opinion. They might indoce publio, opiaion intime to adopt the ideas of the editor who wro'e the leading articles. Bat as to leading publia opinion in the first instance, he thought it wan all non. tense. It was most unfortunate for the Chinamen that bis fellow-countrymen had made a ring, and would not pay the high pi io is for sandalwood that they paid before. He had never yet employed a Chinaman, bet in the Nbr'-Wfcst they were ntcassary, and he did net t hink that the Europeans tbero should be deprived of their services. Mr. SIMPSON thought that in considering this question they had to consider this oolony was a neighbour of Ea-tern Australia, and also tba« tba United Sta* ea Lad deoided that nba influx of Chinese, in large numbers wes inimical to tab welfare of the States. He was willing to admit there might be something in what had been said about tho cooks and water- drawers for the North, bat there were other parts of Australia where the people had been obliged to go into tnt baok blc-oks, and earn a living by doing tl ii work. But, as bad been already sl e<vu, the bulk of the Chiueee bad not gone north« andJ, but was ti be found ia tbe sooth. An hen. member bad said Chinese labour was not oboip labour. He (Mr. Sirrp-on) ho^ed the time would never come when West Australia would be ' regarded as a obeop labour country, VB, SO far as he bad been ablo to read the history of colonisation and progress, it was the count-y where the price of Jabour was maintained at i a proper standard that, advanced in civil! a tion. He reminded the House this was a j question of intercolonial interest, and also of | the position which the West Australian representative occupied at th« conference on the Chiueee in 1883, neither speaking nor voting on any of the questions. The pre ent was a good opportunity to remove tbe un- pleasant effect which was then creited. The hon. member then proceeded te deal at some length with the question ot Chinese imtnigr i lion, an i quoted the opinions of Sir Samuel Griffi-h ani Mr. D. Gillies, with a view te s'iew th it the Mongolians could not assimi- late with the Caucisiius ou account ef their great and marked social distinction. In con- clusion, he hoped the Governnunfc would »Be above the consideration of «ooks and vege- tables, and regard tbe question from a national standpoint. Mr. QUINLAN congratulate1? the Govern- ment on tbe int oduoiion of tho bill. Wbile at one time supporting ti e introduction cf Chinese ints tbs North, he row thought differently. He thought thatnt behoved tho Assembly* to follow in the f >otstopB of the other colonies, and if it wore possible he would restrain the influx of Chinese* altogether. He thought there should be a poll tax im- posed. Dire diseases had been imported into the colony by aliens. Mr. MOLLOY jeinei ia congratulating the \- A on Govern ment on thc introduction of 1U-*W the bil'. Ho deplored tho com- petition of the Chines? with tbopeople of the oolony. Mr. SOLOMON supported the bill. The motion for the second reading was agreed to, and tho Bill road a second time. The consideration of the Bill in committee was ordorcd for tho following day. ADJOURNMENT. The Hooso a-ijon-cd at 10.40 p.tn; ti'l 4 30 p.m. thc folliwaij; day. 