THE WIDE? WORLD. The tallest building in Stockholm is the I hbge iron lattice- work tower of the cental I telephone depot. Mlyriads of wires ran from it, darkening the air. Everyone in Sweden uses the telephone, and uses it, moreover, very much. In the boarding houses of the Swedish capital the most significant feature in the routine is its never.ending telephonic babble. When a correspondent of thes'Corn. hill," who was staying at one of these establishments, awoke in the morning it was tohear the jingle of the bells in the corridor outside his room and the iteration of the word "hvad" (what!) One rmorning he asked the landlord, who was at the machine, what it all meant. His wife, he replied, was buying some stores, and was telling him about them and their prices, and he, on his part, was shouting back to tell herin which particulare the prices seemed reasonable and in which uneaseonable. Another day the writer's landlord went for a aledge drive into the country. When he had been gone two hours the telephone began to be annoying, and his wife stayed at it a long time crying "Oh!" and "Ah ! " and "yes" and "no," "It is monsieur," explained a young lady who hap. pened to be standing by. " He is resting for dinner at -, and is informing madame about the incidents of his excursion and the details of the meal that is being prepared for him." Not even a Westminster election, memor able as the elections for that city have been, is better remembered than that of 1784, in which Fox, The lMan of the People, was opposed by Sir Cecil Wray. "There were 20,000 votes, according to the authors of Queens of Society, to be polled. and the opposing parties resort d to any means of intimidation or violence or per suasion which political enthusiasm could suggest. On the eighth day the poll was against the popular member, and he called upon his friends to makea greatefforton his behalf. It was then that the 'ladies' canvass' began. Lady Daneannon, the. Duchess of Davonshire, Mrs Crewe and Mrs Damer dressed themselves in blue and buff-the colors of the American Indepen. dents, which Fox had adopted and wore in the house of Commons-and set out to visit the purlieus of Westminster. Here in their enthusoiam they shook the dirty hands of honest workmen, expressed the greatest in terest in their wives and families, and even, as in the case of Duchess of De vonshire, submitted their fair cheeks to be kissed by the possessors of votes. At the butcher's shop th3 owner, in his apron and sleeves, stoutly refused his vote except on one condition-' Would her Grace give him a kiss?' The request was granted, and the vote thus purchased went to swell the majority which finally secured the return of 'The Man of the People.'" The last number of the " VIndivoetock," a newspaper published in Eastern Siberia, reveals a terrible state of affairs among the convicts on the island of Saghallen. It would appear that the convicts there have I been treated by some of the subordinate prison I authorities so harshly that the Governor of the I island has been obliged to interfere for their protection. A warder named Ehanoff and some of his aessist. ants, who at one time were convicts themselves andhad been raised to the rank of gaolers, have been removed from their posts. r khanoff's treatment of his prisoners was so r abominable that a number of them crippled themselves of set purpose, cuttiog off r fingers and toes in order to be 1 treated as invalids, and to be freed from his terrible crueltite. Others fled to the im. Spenetrable forests, where they eufered all the horrors of hunger. In a satchel t belonging to a fugitive convict, who had t been hunted down, was found some pieces of human- flesh Investigation reveates that this manhad been one of aparty of four, Sand that only one of them now remained. E The others had been killed and devored by e their comrades. Similar cases of cannibalism f are, according to the Siberian j urnal, not nfrequent. A writer in an English paper gives an amusing, but, I fear, unveracious ccouant of a performance of "Hamlet," which took place in Melbourne as far back as 1S?2. The smoody Dane, according to this piece of Istage romance, was underetanded not of the pioneers of the early fifties. "The audlence treated the whole scene with good. humoredfun. One was so impressed by the king that he handed the stage monarch a ebottle of brandy by the thong of a stock whip from the gallery. The third, e act was transformed into a most amusing s colloquy betweenthegravediggerandthegold diggers from Eaglehawk, made up of natural enquiries about the depth of ainkingand the return per tub, which so tickled Hamlet that be gave up the soliloquy and joined in the 1 joking. Ultimately, Hamlet, Ophelia and theGhost, in nndreas, wereobligedto appear before the footlights to bear a pelting shower of nuggets as a substitute a for bouquets." This is, undoubtedly, very amusing, but scarcely credible. I suspect the explanation is that the perform. Sance was so infernally bad that the people Sthrew pieces of qucartz at the actors, who thereupon went awray to the nearest public house, and boasted that they hadhad nuggets thrown to them. Those old diggers were not the men to lavish a "pelting shower of nuggets" upon manglers of Shakespeare. d Since several of the Parisian managershave abolished the rule which forbade the ae. Smission of ladies to seats on the floors of a the theatres, either in the stalls or the pit, r the question of wearing bonnets and Y hats at the play has been much discused. Even at the old-fashioned Theatre Franesis, ladies are admitted to the last six rows of the stalls atthe back, and the pittites t complain bitterly about theirviewofthestagje being obstructed by small moentains in the Sguise orhatsa?. Ciaecie;the Admtnlstrator; General of the Comedie Franpaie,is strongly Sin favor of the rule of "hats off,' but he hesitates to take so decided a step astopro. hibit them rith the same rigor as stiecks and umbrellas, which playgoers are compelled to eaveinthecorridors,ohieflyin theinterestso of I the "ounreuses," orbox-keepers. At the old aOpera Italien and the Opera Comique the wearing of hlats was strictly forbidden, andthe Smeasure seems on the whole to hare been popular, Unquestionable it was so with Smembersof the male sex. It is related of M. . ausrel that spying one night, when he was going to sing a lady with her bonnet on sit ting in the dress circle, he sent a peremptory request for her to remove it, failing which he said hewould decline to appear. A practical achool of magnetism, our Paris correspondent writes, will be opened ehortly in Paris, under the ausoices af the Magnetio Societyoffrance. All branches of ocncult sIoiences will be taught by medical men and specialists, andthe opening lectures will take place on 2nd October, at 23 Rue Saint Merrni. HIitherto these asubjects couldonly be acquired at the Medical Collegeof Nancy, and at the Hospital of La Salpetriere, in Paris, the scene of the inte Professor Chareot's investigations. The course of studies at the Pramcetiocal School will be divided into two parts. The first will include ten lessons of descriptive ana. tomy, twelve on physiology, twelve on the history of magnetism, twelve on magnetic physiology, twelve on methods and theories, twelve onmagnetiotherapentiesandacourse of a dozen lectures on points not included in the programme, such as chemistry, hygiene, psychology, morals, spiritsm, occultism, &o.; The second part will include fifteen experi mental lesmns and a hundredclinical seances. Students will reeive after examination a diploma of practical magnestm. Among the professors are Dr. Vigoroax (anatomy), Dr.- S Encauese (physiology),- M. Ronrel, of. the " Journal des Eoonomistes' (hIstory of mag- , netism) and M. Durrille (magnetism, ke.). e President Crnot hsoe been singularly ill. I requited for a generous action.. It will be t remembered that in 1889 a man named Perrin n fired a revolver at the President, fortunately only with blank cartridge, as the latter was leaving the Elysee to proceed to Versailles on the occasion of the centenary of the opening of the famous States General, I'errin was arrested, tried for his ofence, and sentenced to four months' imprisonment. As he was the father of a large family, M. Cornet took pity on him, and imme- 2 diately on his release gave him an appoint. ment in the Oatroi or Town Dues Service of Cropy-en.Valois. Recently it was discovered a that Perrin's accounts were, irregu. larly kept, and it turned out on inspection that he has for a long time past been misappropriating public money and making false entries in the books toconceal the fact. The judge of the Aezae Court of the Department of the Oise has sen tenced him to the maximum penalty, two years' imprisonment. We are given to understand, says an Indian paper, by a sorter in the Southern Madras Railway Mail service, who went a few i days ago to Nanjongood, that a tlgress visited the Agraharam that day at I- o'clock, and carried away an ass to a cave adjacent to the Iapla River. The matter spread, and the people rushed about to learn the truth. The matter was reported to the police, who burnt round about the cave with kerosene oil. The tigress came out in great fury, when one Setti of the place clothed himself with iron covering, and stabbed the tigress on the spot. The next day a tiger came in search of the tigress, and was noticed by a wayfarer, who reported the matter to the re sidents. The same Settinotoledit helterel in a cave closeby a bamboo garden. He at once went to shoot it, but in vain. It rushed out in fury and caught the Setti, who tried hisbest to escape from it, but, alas ! he had to fall a victim to its fury. The spectators finding the man dead, shot the tiger imme diately. A striking illustration of the mischiet of what is known as "the spoils" system in the United States is furnished by a corrse pondent of the "New York Nation," who draws attention to the case of the postmaster at Kantasket, Mfassa chusetts. This unfortunate official, who is described as a " Republican, but in no sense an offensive partisan," wee appointed by President Arthur, and held his office through the whole of Mr Cleveland's first term, and through Mr Harrison's term-in all about nine years. When he. was ap pointed the offie was s small one, but , it has increased during his term, until the I number of letters is double whatit was when Shewas appointed. Moreover, nine-tenths of the residents using the offioe have, without a regard to party considerations. signed a remonstrance against his removal, and a number of well 'known bnsiness men of Boston, Democrats and Re publicans, who are summer residents, have written stating that he ought to be f retained in office. For all this the unfjrtu. " nate Republican postmaster of Nantasket has just been removed to make way for a Demo I cratic applicant, who, it is affirmed, though in other regards a worthy person, is unable from lack of education to perform the duties r himself. Hag Ahmet-el-Assal, a pilgrim lately re turned from the Mleca pilgrimage, has been narrating the terrible experiences of his nartyi to the editor of a native Egyptian paper-called, tie -" moattanm." The pilgrim, whose respectability is vouched for, we are told, by an Egyptian Sheik who is greatly respected in Cairo, declares thaton returnino from Mecca the "Rafilit " or detachment of the caravan to whioh he belonged, and whIhb was com posed of about 700 camels, left Bir-Said at daybreak and halted at sunset at the foot of a mountain, on the road to Yambo. A few minutes after arriv ,f ing there, the Raidal, composed of men, t women, and children, found themselves sur e rounded by Bedouins of the desert, who at tacked them with the utmost savagery, slay. ' ing and maiming the men of the party. The a hot, dry sand was wet with blood. Some of a the women, after being robbed of their d clothee and valuables, were left to their g fate; the younger and better looking ones d were carried off as sloves. With great d difficulty the narrator of these facts escaped with his life. The poor pil t grims so cruelly outraged had actually Spaid six piastres each and twenty pisatres d each for their camels to the Governor of r Medina, to secure his protection against the g Bedouins. The conclusion drawn by the e Egyptian paper is that the Ottoman Govern ment is not really master of Arabia, but that Sis leaves the Sheiks absolautety free to rob and Splunder, provided they profess a nominal eallegiance. 