DRAMATIC NOTES. I " Trial by Jury, which is one of the earliest examples, of Gilbert and Sullivan's work in collaboration, was produced at the Melbourne Princess's on Saturday evening, and formed an interesting " curtain-raiser" for the more elaborate opera " The Vicar of Bray" It is some years since " Trial by Jury was last given in Melbourne, and the music therefore came with of fresh news to many of the audience. It was admirably interpreted by the company, Miss May Pollard infusing plenty of fun into the part of the defendant, and Mr. Howard Vernon appearing its the Judge. Mr. George Rignold's company successfully revived the drama " It's Never Too Late to Mend " on Saturday last at nor Majesty's, Sydney, the' piece being effectively staged. Forty aboriginals were introduced in the gold diggings scene, in the third act. At the Lyceum, before a large audience, Mr Bland Holt revived " Alone in London' supported by the full strength of his large company. " The Late Lamented " is still being produced by Messrs. Brough and Boucicault at the Criterion, and is drawing crowded houses. At the Theatre Royal "Shamus O'Brien" replaced " The Green Lanes of England on Saturday night. Under the title of " The Garden of Eden," an entirely new departure in theatrical enterprise has been presented to the Melbourne public at the Rotunda. By an illusion as striking AS it is novel each visitor to the exhibition is impressed with the idea that he is moving in the midst of a multitude of people, although reason assures him that he is the only person who has entered the room. In England, on the Continent, and in India The Garden of Eden " has created an immense sensation, and its promoters are confident that the absolute freshness of the idea will ensure an equal success in the Victorian capital. Mr. Snazelle's efforts to introduce the Continental Sunday in Melbourne have been successful so far as regards the crowds attending and paying the smallest silver coin in the realm to secure a seat. So says the Leader. The same paper, however, doubts the advantage of going to hear the devout Snazelle singing "Namroth" and his acolytes administering to the aesthetic tastes of the audience by a display of photos of nude figures, " which of course are really beautiful, and not the least suggestive, except of the highest principles of art. At the Melbourne Exhibition building Promenade Concerts, the " garden scene" from Gounod's " Faust" is now represented in character, with Miss Lalla Miranda, as Marguerite, Mr. H. Stockwell as Faust, Miss Clara Mongredien as Martha. Miss Ida Osborne as Siebel, and Mr. Snazelle's Mephistopheles. W. H. Jude has cropped up in Adelaide, and was allowed to play the organ accompaniment when Madame Antoinette Sterling sang "The Lost Chord." Mr. George Darrell announces that his production of " The Double Event" at the Theatre Royal is the greatest triumph ever recorded in Adelaide. Wirth's circus and the Seven American Mystiliers are performing in the same city. Dan Barry's Dramatic Company have been occupying the Brisbane Opera House, but on Tuesday last they gave way to Mr. Walter Bentley. Mr. Slade Murray has joined the Minstrel Company at the Gaiety. Mr. Cannam has done well in the Wide Bay province, and is now on his way further North. Johnny Forde is Maggie Moore's John Stofel throughout the NewZealand tour. Mr. Edward Terry, who is expected to arrive in Melbourne next month, has tried to induce Miss Clara Cowper to accompany him, but owing to prior engagements, she has declined to do so. Australian playgoers will learn with regret of the complete retirement from the stage of Miss Maggie Knight, to whose colour ban been due the chairman ing embodiment of many interesting characters. Probably Miss Knight will be best remembered in Hobart by the parts which she played with touching grace and tender womanliness during Mr. Wybert Reeve's tenure of the Theatre Royal. Miss Knight, who a few years back visited England, when she appeared with success at the Grand Theatre, London, played the pretty comedy part of Norah Desmond in Mr. Bland Holt's production of '" The Bells of Haslemere" at the Sydney Royal just two years age, since which time she has gradually withdrawn from stage work. The last appearance of this article, which can in any sense of the word be termed public, was at St. Andrew's Cathedral on Queen's Birth- day, when she was married to Mr. H. W. Henderson, of Sydney, a gentleman well known and respected in shipping circles. M. Henri Kowalski has received from Paris news of the continued success of Miss Mildred Birch, who is stated by some of the Paris critics to have sung the Marella waltz song by Gounod with great brilliancy. This was at the Military Club, and a double encore is said to have resulted. From the Press notices, the young soprano since she left Sydney would appear to have improved in quite a miraculous way under the tuition of Mme. Muckonzio de Dietz; and on her return a few months. hence it will accordingly be interesting to note how much of the fervid enthusiasm of the French Press is justified. by results. Mr. W. J. Holloway's daughter Theodora (says a private letter from London dated April 14 is joining Willie Edouin company for a tour of Hastings, Bournemouth. Torquay, etc. They also play at the Crystal Palace. Mrs. Holloway will accompany her daughter, who plays under the stage name of Miss Dora Paull. Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis and Mr. Fred. Thorne are also in the company. " Ghosts " has been produced at the Teatro Communale, Trieste, where according to the Vienna correspondent of the Daily News, the progress of the third act was interrupted by a violent commotion, ladies fainting, shrieking, and disappearing. At last " everybody present asked for the curtain to be lowered, and this was done before the piece was at an end. Then the actor who played the part of Oswald was called out 12 times." Sir Arthur Sullivan will shortly go into retreat in the country to compose the music for Mr. Gilbert's new libretto. The new opera is to be produced at the close of the year at the Savoy Theatre London. Says the Era. ;.-" Bad business has been known in London before ; but the badness of Easter week,189!5,oslablished a record which it will-we sincerely hope-be difficult for future years to break." Signor Verdi has telegraphed to the Syndicat Borne who invited his presence, "In spite of my 80 years I will be present at the first performance of ' Falstaff in Borne." 