THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS; AND OUR RESOURCES BENDIGO, TUESDAY, JUNE 13, 1893. ALLUVIAL MINING ON BENDIGO. RECENTLY Mr. J. H. McColl, Minister of Mines, requested the mining inspectors to furnish reports as to the localities on the goldfields where a living could be made, either in new ground or amongst old allu- vial workings, his object in so doing being to give the unemployed, such of them at all events having some knowledge of gold digging, an opportunity of earning a liveli- hood. The replies he received were not at all encouraging, and this is not surprising. The mining inspectors probably know more about quartz mines, and deep alluvial workings, which require capital for their de- velopment, than they do about shallow sink- ing likely to give an immediate return to the man with only a few shillings in his pocket. To set the unemployed to seek for gold in the Ballarat or Creswick leads would be akin to giving them a stone for bread. It is different, however, with the Bendigo, Castlemaine and Heathcote diggings. In the early days these localities, and particu- larly Bendigo, were the goldfields which were looked upon as likely to furnish a ready rise to the impecunious digger. The question is, can they now prove a similar means of relief. When it is considered how Bendigo for many years was dug over, puddled and fossicked in its main gullies and flats, and also in the little side con- tributories, it would appear almost impos- sible to expect that any alluvial gold could yet be found. In fact, the popular idea is that the alluvial workings on Bendigo are exhausted. In consequence of this notion prospecting for new ground has been given up long ago, and the only rem- nant of the shallow alluvial worker is to be seen in a battered and bent old fossicker—a sort of ghost of the past who haunts an odd gully here and there and an equally odd party of sluicers. That these fossickers and sluicers exist is an indication that a living can still be made out of some of the old gullies of Bendigo. It may not be very remunerative work, but it is pro- bably equal to the easy life and small de- sires of the workers. In times gone by the diggers worked from dawn till dark, because gold was plentiful. When gold became more difficult to trace they gave up the alluvial search and took to quartz reefing on wages and eight hours' work a day. If something of the same old adventurous, persistent, independent, spirit could be infused into the unemployed now, a difficult matter, probably, consider- ing how long they have been trained to look to the Government for help, the advantage to them would be immense so far as the search for gold is concerned. If they choose to work as the old diggers did, a fair living as times go might yet be made out of the valleys and hillsides of old Bendigo. There is not the slightest doubt that in many places at Sheepwash, Spring gully, Golden gully and and in the Bendigo Valley from Kangaroo Flat to White Hills, there are odd corners in bends and on points and in the small side gullies where gold more or less may be found by digging, and certainly there are places where sluicing ought to pay wages, more particularly as the Government has very generously offered to supply the water free during the winter. This is an oppor- tunity which ought to be eagerly seized by the unemployed. It is a work which the Miners' Association can do much to promote, and it may be regarded as a public duty it ought to engage in for the benefit of their less fortunate brethren. Many of their members are no doubt well acquainted with digging and sluicing, and they could instruct those of the unemployed who know little or nothing of the work. The present is the time when all should give a helping hand to relieve the hungry and put them in the way of earning a living, and this seems a most appropriate thing for the members of Miners' Association to do. It might be possible also for the association to provide in certain cases the necessary longtoms and implements, to be paid for by th workers when suffi- cient gold was obtained. Others of the members may know, from the experience of former years, of likely places on the gold field whee they could " lay on" unem- ployed acquaintances to try their luck. In the flat opposite the Botanical Gardens, covered over by the sludge of the early puddling machine, and where the sinking is shallow, and the ground never was thoroughly worked, it is said pay- able gold can be found. The question has often been asked if there is any alluvial ground around Bendigo not yet opened up, and the answer from old and experienced miners is in the affirmative. They point to the "Whipstick" as a land of promise. In many of its gullies only an occasional hole is to be seen, showing that they have never been properly prospected. It may be asked why. The reason is that years ago, when prospecting was carried on, water was scarce in that country, and conse- quently there was considerable trouble in trying the wash dirt, so that unless the hole was sunk plump on the gold nothing further was done. It is peculiar of the "Whipstick" that the gold in "the reefs runs in rich patches of lumpy metal, and the runs of gold in the gullies are similarly patches of nuggets, with a little fine gold connecting them. Systematic search has therefore to be made to get the rich yields, and that necessitates continuous puddling and following the trail. As the extensions north of the main lines of reef on Bendigo go into the "Whipstick, it is to be expected that gold should be found in that quarter of the goldfield. The exten- sions of these lines south go through equally promising alluvial country, much of which still lies open to the prospector. The character of the gold there is also nuggetty. COMMITTED FOR TRIAL.— The city bench was occupied nearly all day yesterday in hearing the case against Mrs. Murcott, a resident of Golden Gully, and Ah See, a Chinaman, who were charged with having attempted to administer a stupefying drug to a young woman named Annie Collins with intent to commit an indict- able offence. After hearing the evidence of the witnesses for the Crown, Mr. Leader, the pre- siding magistrate, announced that the bench had decided to commit the prisoners to take their trial at the Supreme Court which opens to- day. The prosecutrix gave her evidence in a remarkably clear and straightforward manner and the main points of the tale she told were not affected by the strict cross examination to which she was subjected by Dr. Quick and Mr. Kirby who appeared for the accused. The female prisoner, who was accommodated with a chair, did not exhibit any outward signs of dis- comfiture at the serious position she occupied, although she evinced much interest in the pro- ceedings. Ah See, on the contrary, seemed utterly dejected and hardly raised his head once during the time he was before the court. Throughout the day the courthouse was crowded to its utmost capacity. An entended report of the proceedings is given in another column. COMPETITION AGAINST THE RAILWAYS—.—Not- withstanding the recent heavy rains and conse- quent bad roads, the teamsters find ample em- ployment in bringing merchandise from the metropolis to the city, at a saving to the con- signees and with payable results to themselves. Yesterday fully 12 loads arrived here, three being for Mr. McKenzie, grocer; three for Mr. A. Bush, merchant; two for Messrs. Pierce and Perry, wine and spirit merchants; and one each for Mr. Humine and Mr. Hoskins, timber mer- chants. It is stated there are from 12 to 15 more teams en route laden with miscellaneous goods. THE CHARITABLE GRANTS.— The list of annual charitable grants will be brought up for con- sideration at the finance committee meeting of the City Council next Friday. ACCIDENT TO DR. MCKEE.—On Sunday night a painful accident befel Dr. McKee, of Eagle- hawk. Having to attend to his professional duties, and his groom not being about at the time, the doctor elected to walk to his patient's house. On the way he happened to fall over a log, the result being that the flesh of one of his legs was lorn from the calf close up to the knee. Dr. McKee, who is insured with the Guardian Accidint Company will, it is expected, be dis- abled from duty for two or three weeks. HELPING HANDS.—A Shelbourne correspon- dent writes:—In this period of depression and financial grabbing it is satisfactory to have to record an instance showing that the worship of the almighty dollar has not much affected some of the farming community in and around the parish of Shelbourne, as is proved by the prac- tical sympathy extended to Mr. John Nievandt, farmer and woodcarter, of Shelbourne, who suffered some time back a series of undeserved misfortunes through fire and culminating lately in the death of his horses, leaving him thereby unable to till and crop his land or follow his occupation as woodcarter. To show their sympathy for a hard-working and industrious neighbor in misfortune the undermentioned gentlemen sent or brought their teams and im- plements on Wednesday, 7th inst., and up to Saturday the number of them on the ground averaged 15 each day, and they ploughed, sowed and harrowed 75 acres of land, all being put in in first-class style, the weather being in every way suitable for the purpose. The following are those who lent kindly aid Mr. Cocks, Woodstock, one team, with a pre- sent of six bags of good seed wheat; Mr. Janes Fullerton, Laanecoorie, one, to stay till the ploughing and sowing, etc., was completed—he also gave a load of good hay chaff; G. Punton, Woodstock, one ; Henry Panton, Shelbourne, one ; Jas. Ceighton, Shelbourne, one ; George Moore, Shelbourne, two ; John Jenkinson, Shelbourne, two; Wm. Jenkinson, Shelbourne, one; John Conolly, Shelbourne, one ; Andrew Nievandt, Shelbourne, one; Mrs. Roberts, Shel- bourne, one ; Wm. Saunders, Shelbourne, one ; Wm. Pocock, Shelbourne, one ; Michael Maher, Shelbourne, one ; Michael O'Keefe, Woodstock, one ; Wm. Deeson, Shelbourne, one ; Richard Marshall, Shelbourne, two ; Jno. Leversha, Lockwood, one. As before stated, the weather was all that could be desired, and the crop well put in. The necessary comestibles,.etc., were liberally supplied to the ploughmen and others attending by some of the lady neighbors, and all seemed to consider the affair a sort of "ploughing picnic" and thoroughly enjoyed themselves. A further relay of teams, it was understood, were to be on the ground on Mon- day, and a subscription list is on foot, but the amount, so far, is not yet ascertained. Further comment is needless, as the conduct of the farmers in question speaks for itself. VISIT OF AUSTRIAN NAVAL OFFICERS. — Yesterday Commander G. Sachs, of the Im- perial Austrian corvette " Saida" now in Hobson's Bay, together with a number of other officers of the same man-of-war paid a visit to Bendigo. The visitors who were accompanied by Herr Carl Pinschof, Consul for Austro- Hungary, reached "the golden city" by the first train, and took up their quarters at the City Family hotel. During the day they were shown over the principal public buildings, amongst which were the School of Mines and the Mechanics' Institute. The fernery and the Camp hill school were also inspected. Here the party ascended the fire tower, from which vantage point they obtained a splendid view of the city. The company descended the Garden Gully United Company's mine in the course of the afternoon. In the evening they were entertained by the members of the Bendigo Deutscher Verein at the European hotel. Cr. Heinz, the president, was unavoidably absent, having another engagement, and therefore the chair was taken by Mr. Niere, the librarian. In addition to Commander Sachs and the Consul, the visitors present were Lieut. E. Von Chinelarz, Lieut. E. Noppes, Herr Edgar Baron Karg, Count Otto Wilsersheim and Sea Cadets F. Wilfau, F. Laurin, F. Stenner and R. Luk. A lengthy pro- gramme of toasts was gone through. Mr. Juncke, the vice- president, proposed " The Queen." The toast of "The Visitors" was suitably proposed by the chairman and responded to by the commandant of the Saida. Consul Pinschof then gave the sentiment "The German Em- peror." "The Austrian Navy " was ably pro posed by Mr. Biscamp and acknowledged by Commander Sachs. Various other toasts were also proposed and honored. The visitors were shown a letter received a good many years ago from Prince Bismarck in acknowledgment of a silver inkstand presented to him by the Verein. They were greatly interested in perusing the document. All the distinguished visitors signed their names in the visitors book. Songs were rendered at intervals by the company and a few pleasant hours were spent in harmony. Mr. P. Buchhotz presided at the piano. To-day the party will proceed to Mr. Grosse's Tooronga vineyard at Emu creek, and after inspecting that vineyard Mr. Grosse will accompany them on a shooting tour. The visitors will return to the metropolis in the evening. THE MILITIA.There was a good muster of members of tho Bendigo contingent last evening. The men were put through physical exercises for a couple of hours by Captain Chambers and Sergeant Major Swanson. The various exercises were performed to time, Corporal W. Hansen presiding at the piano and playing a number of suitable airs. _ Tin-, TESTIMONIAL TO TUB GOLDEN-SQUARE FIRE BRIOADB.-It will be remembered that the dissatisfaction regarding the decision of the judges in the competition fo'' the prizes for the best turn-out in the last Easter Fair proeession gave rise to a movement in Golden-square to recognise the excellent exhibit ion made by that brigade, and it has bcou decided to present tho brigade with anaddress and several gold medals in recognition of their efforts on that occasion. This presentation will take place this evening, a concert having also been arranged to be held in the Wcsleyan schoolroom, Golden- square, at which tho mayor of the city will preside. RAILWAY CHANGES.—Among the railway changes decided upon, we notice the following : — Mrs. Bullock, from Sydney Flat to engineers' branch; Mrs. Hickey, repairer's wife, to Sydney Flat. OLD COLONISTS' HOMES.—Mr. George Lansel has generously donated £5 5s towards the main tenance fund of these homes, which are in urgent need of funds. INGLEWOOD POLICE COURT.—At the Court of Petty Sessions yesterday morning (writes our correspondent) James Lee, arrested by Con- stable Martin, for being drunk on Saturday, was lined £1, or three days' imprisonment. Thomas Wilson, known as "Carbine," arrested by Constable Molloy, for using obscene language, was fined £2 or three days. He elected to accept the alternative. TRAFFIC RETURNS.—The Victorian railway re- turns for week ending 8th June, 1893, show the following results :- Miles open, 2,974 ; corresponding week in 1892, ending 9th June, 2,903 ; total for the week, £41,838 ; for corresponding week in 1892, £51,438 11s 3d. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £2,790,647 ; for the corresponding period in 1892, £2,949,710 11s 1d. Weekly average, 49 weeks in 1893, £58 949 18s 9d; for the cor- responding period in 1892, £60,198 3s 6d. LONG GULLY MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. —The monthly meeting of the committee was held at the institution last night. Present — Messrs. Wilcox (president), Horsefield, T. Prout, J. Pascoe, B. Warren, G. B. Lowery, Spiers. Cur- now and W. Wilson (secretary). Several let- ters of no public importance were dealt with. In view of the committee funds being locked up in one of the suspended banks, it was decided to allow the accounts and other financial business to stand over until next meeting. Mr. Spiers complained that a number of books were kept out of the institution for a longer period than the rules prescribed. It was de- cided to call the attention of the subscribers pointedly to this matter, and to insist upon the observance of the rules. A discussion took place in reference to the carelessness of some of the subscribers who returned the books in a very bad state. The president suggested that in view of the low state of the institute's finances, a concert should be held. On the motion of Mr. Pascoe, seconded by Mr. Prouft, the expediency of holding a concert was affirmed, and a committee of the whole was ap- pointed to carry out the movement. Messrs. Wilcock, Pascoe, Prout, Lowery and the secre- tary were deputed to draw up the programme. Some routine business was transacted, and the meeting closed. EAGLEHAWK MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-Our correspondent writes :-The monthly meeting of .the Mechanics'. Institute committee was held last evening. Present :-The President (Mr. J. Highmore), in the chair, and Messrs. Burnside, W. Murdoch, Lalor, Litllewood, Whitfield, M'Kcnzie, Trevean and J. S. Abbott (chairman). The receipts for the month were reported to be £33 43 (including subsidy of £30 from Borough Council), ex penditure £9 2s 9d. It was decided to procure a copy of the " Victorian Year Book " from the Government. The secretary (Mr. Burn side) reported in reference to the inaugurat ing of a class for mechanical drawing, under the avtspiees of the institute. Mr. Delbridge had offered to open a' class, two nights weekly, and a room had been offered in the institute for the purpose. Mr. Delbridge would have charge of the mechanical drawing, and the mathematical and architectural branches vvould be conducted by Mr. Lehmann. It was decided to further advertise that intending pupils should leave their names at the institute, j tho lessons to start from 1st July. At the con clusion of the meeting, 10 names of intending pupils were handed in. The class seems likely to be a great success, and is being taken up warmly 'by the young men of tho district. Messrs. Lelimanu and Delbridge were present last evening, and explained the advantages to be derived from the tuition. VISIT OF AN ARTIST.-Mr. Charles Blomfield, a well-known artist of considerable reputation, ia at present on a visit to Bendigo. For about six years He has been touring New Zealand, and he has transferred to canvas a number of the beauty spots of that picturesque place. It is his intention, providing a suitable hall can be obtained, to exhibit his paintings and sketches to the Bendigo public prior to his departure. GOLDEN-SQUARE WORKING MEN'S CLUB.— The monthly meeting of the committee of this institution was held last even- ing, Mr. J. F. Hogan, president, being in the chair. W. Sanderson wrote, of- fering to bind the volumes in the library at the rate of 1s 10d. each. The offer was referred to the library committee. The treasurer's re- port, was as follows :— Receipts : From billiard table, £4 17s 3d; subscriptions, £2 15s 6d: re- fund from H. Jackson and Co., £1 1s: total, £8 13s 9d. The expenditure totalled £79 14s 4d, including £61 10s for a billiard table, and the debit balance amounted to £150 15s 3d. Ac- counts amounting to £19 2s 11d were passed for payment, and the committee was authorised to expend £30 in the purchase of new books. The meeting then closed. LAND SETTLEMENT. —The Gunbower cor- respondent of the Riverine Herald writes:— Mr. McColl paid a visit to the district on Friday night, and visited that portion of the Gunbower forest reserve which is to be thrown open for selection. As an earnest of the in- tention of the Government to take steps in the matter, Mr. Nankivell's surveyor is now camped at Patho, and has instructions to survey about 5,000 acres into small blocks. As, I under stand, we have taken about 10 years to arrive at this stage of the proceedings, it would be hazardous to venture an opinion as to when the people will be on the land. THE WOOLLOOMOOLOO MURDER.—The Sydney correspondent of the Age, in reporting the final hearing of the charge against the man, Archer, for the murder of Miss Emily Harrison, says :— Justice Innes showed considerable emotion dur- ing his address. The jury retired at 1.45 p.m., and returned at 4 o'clock with a verdict of guilty. Archer, who throughout had remained very cool, trembled and turned pale on hearing the verdict, but quickly regained his composure. His Honor, who was laboring under great emotion, asked Archer if he had anything to say. The prisoner replied that he had a few words to say. He was not guilty of the charge on which he had been found guilty. He wished to say that the blood found on his trousers had got there when he was working at the stables. He had unfortunately forgotten to point this out before. He would not ask for mercy in any shape or form, because he was not guilty of the crime. His Honor then proceeded to pass sen- tence of death. The verdict, he said, had his full approval, as it must have the approval of every well balanced mind and every just and impartial person. Throughout, the judge was very greatly affected. Archer on hearing the death sentence grasped the dock rails convulsi- vely, but otherwise showed little concern. FATAL EQUESTRIAN ACCIDENT. —A Mary- borough correspondent writes:— A fatal acci- dent happened on Saturday afternoon to a young man named Robert Black, a dairyman, living at Newton. He left home early in the afternoon on a young horse, and about 4 o'clock his body was found a quarter of a mile from hts home terribly injured about the head and lying in a pool of blood. Life was quite extinct. It is supposed deceased was thrown from the horse, aud dragged by the stirrup. He leaves a widow and two children. A LINGERING DEATH FROM BURNS. — The Hamilton correspondent of the Age. writes: — An inquest was held on the body of Daisy May Campbell, aged 10, daughter of a dairyman in North Hamilton, who on the 30th ult. sustained severe burns on the legs and lower part of the body through her dress catching fire. The un- fortunate child was put to bed, and her injuries were attended to by relatives, no doctor being called in for a week. She suffered terrible agonies, and on Tuesday last her parents sent for Dr. Bennett, and next day Dr. Robinson visited the patient; but symptoms of lockjaw had appeared, and early on Friday morning she succumbed to her injuries. At the inquest Dr. Bennett said the child had been neglected through the interval allowed to elapse before medical assistance was procured. The jury re- turned a verdict of death from tetanus, caused by burns accidentally received, and censured the parents of the child for their neglect in not procuring medical aid immediately after the accident. SIR JAMES MACBAIN'S ESTATE.—The will of the late Sir James MacBain, President of the Legislative Council in Victoria, has been lodged for probate as to thE English property. The property in England is set down at £2,700, all personalty. The value of the personal property in Victoria is set down at £28,000, and of the real property at £20,000. A MASONIC DISPUTE.—The Sydney corres- pondent of the Arrgus writes :—A dispute of long standing in Masonic circles is being brought to a head by the action of the Grand Lodge of England in recently declaring that the dissentients in Lodge No. 656 E.C. were right in their contention that the Grand Lodge of New South Wales had no power to cancel its warrant. The differ- ence turns on the point whether the Grand Lodge of New South Wales when it was formed was authorised by the Grand Lodge of England to cancel warrants of local lodges, and the officers of the formor body have cabled to Lord Carrington, their representative in Eng- land, to stay the proceedings regarding Lodge No. 656, pending the receipt of material for an appeal for the re-consideration of the matter by the Grand Lodge of England. If their request is not acceded to a threat is held out by the Grand Lodge of New South Wales that it will withdraw its ambassador from England alto- gether, thus practically severing its connection with the English institution. The diesantients in lodge No. 656 to the cancellation of the war- rant number only 10 persons. AN ART CURIO.—A valuable art curio is now being exhibited at Ballarat. It is an occasional table, which was brought from Italy by Mr. Austin, late of Mount Mercer station. The table top is composed of nine views of various buildings, etc., in Rome. These views are de- signed in mosaic stones of various tints, and form a beautiful work of art. It is estimated that there are between 40,000 and 50,000 pieces of stone used in working out the designs. DRAMA AT MASONIC HALL.—The Tayor- Carrington Company, which is now playing en route, and opens at the above hall on Thursday night, is well and favorably spoken of by our ex- changes, "Never Despair" being well re- ceived wherever produced. ROAD V. RAIL.—The Camperdown Chronicle says :—On Thursday six heavily laden waggons passed through the town from Geelongt o Colac. The railway tariff is gradually resuscitating a traffic long considered to be dead for all time. The drapers and storekeepers, as well as the farmers, in several of the large districts of the west, are having all their goods brought by road, and thereby effect a saving of 10 per cent. It certainly is a startling comment on our boasted system of railway management to find the teamster thriving whilst the carri- ages and goods trucks are running empty to and from Melbourne over hundreds of miles of road. THE BALLARAT WOOLLEN MILL.—The re- duced rate of wages to the weavers at the Doveton Woollen Mills was paid on Saturday and accepted by the operatives under protest. The reduction, the weavers state, means a loss to them of about 3s on every piece of material turned out by them. THE UNEMPLOYED IN ADELAIDE.—On Friday morning the police found 19 men sleeping in the Exhibition Buildings, Adelaide. They were taken to the police-station and each man was given a breakfast and 2s 6d cash. The money was given to Mr. Commissioner Peterswald by a charitable gentleman to be distributed. Most of the men were able-bodied and were advised to go into the country to try and obtain employ- ment. ANARCHISTS IN GERMANY. —The trial at Leipzig, in Saxony, of the seven men alleged to be anarchists, who were arrested for complicity in the circulation of pamphlets which advo- cated the assassination of the Emperor William of Germany, has terminated. Three of the prisoners were acquitted. The remaining four were sentenced to varying terms of imprison- ment ranging from one year to eight years. THE MAYOR'S BALL.—The windows of the Beehive are at present attracting the passer-by, being richly dressed out with ball dress goods, no doubt displayed in the hopes of securing orders from ladies fortunate enough to receive an invitation to our worthy mayor's ball. The Bendigo Gun Club will hold a match at the Sydenham Gardens at 2 30 this afternoon, it having been decided that during the continuance of the football season matches shall take place on Tuesdays, instead of Wednesdays. On Saturday evening a £10 note was paid away in mistake by Mr. J. Morrison to the licensee of the Cricketers' Arms hotel, the note being after- wards again paid away in exchange for one pound's worth of silver to a man whose name is unknown. An announcement is now made requesting the name and whereabouts of the receiver of the note, and offering a reward for its recovery. 