LOST AND FOUND. A ROMANCE OF THE DESOLATE REGION. (aotiior's maim reserved.) By EOBT. P. WHITWORTH, Author of ' Round the Camp Fire ' ' Under the Dray' ' Spangles and Sawdust, ' Uncle John,' ' The White Woman of MunOarrah,' ' Mary Summers,' c fc., &-r., &-r. CHAPTER XIX.— Continued. ?' flopo after hopelesB hope had fled. No foothold could bo Boen tint} tho bottom war, too rooky for anchoring. The anchors had both boon lot go ; the chain cablo of ono snapped liko a thread as it caught in a ledge or crevice, and the ship swept remorselessly oij. Tho other dragged. Tho captain held his post as n man atid a hero Bhould, tho officers acted nobly and t the crew, warned by tho fate of thoir com rade, romained subordinate. But the covo grow narrower a3 wo sped wunii ivo malum uuyui umi mu rooi shelved down until, at length, tho fore royal mast came tumbling, down on deck, followed by tho main and mizen royal ., and top gallant mnsts and tho yards and other spars, and by huge masses of rock torn from the roof of tho cave, which ' broke holes in tlio deck and drove every 'one undor cover. Then camo down the top moats and tho foremast, crashing and tearing, and adding to the growing horror of tho time. At length, by Heavon's providence, tho Btump of tho mainmast caught against tho solid roof and held, stopping further progress. Only for that, she Cadyow Castlo would liavo sunk that night, and no one would cvor have lived to tell tho story of hor loss. ' Still, all was dark, and wo could only wait and wait, and hope that tho ship might hold together until morning. Tho fierce stream rushed by with a harsh, - hoarse roar, rising, rising, ovor rising, nnd so forcing our vessel nearer and nearer undor wator. Hour after hour wont by, oh ! so slowly, tho mast chafing and grinding as if it would forco its way * through tho ship's bottom, nnd tho water rushing in perfect cascades through tho seams, for she- was fearfully lacerated and torn by tho ro'eka and tho terrible Btrain on her, until tho first Btreaks of morning broko dimly and dismally upon us. Tho hoaiso current ar.ill swirled swiftly by, although it seoined to liavo somowhat moderated in foron Our first caro was to launch the boats, for tho hull was gradually settling. We rigged a spar and tackle ovor tho stern and launched, first one of tho quarter boats, iu which a orew was placed and told to seek a landing placo outside tho cave. A second boat followed, in which we attempted to plaoe tho women and children ; but only one, tho wife of tho 'tho parson,' could bo induced to mako (he attempt. She was thrown ovorboard with a-ropo tiod round her waist nnd was picked up by tho boat. But by this timo ?vhexililp was sinking rapidly, and tlio: „ . long boat 'was made rondy to float off tlirf dock. . -v Men who, evou to Bavo thoir livea},' would not forego their gold and fearing to-wnit for the long boat, plunged into . tho wayos, -.trying to roach tho boats ? already afloat, with their wealth fastened around them and, by its woight, wero draggod to the bottom of tho insatiato sea. Women clinging to their childron and crnzy mon to thoir gold woro seen wash ing to and fro, as every sea rushed over tho stern nnd swept iho deck. Tho long boat was crammod with all who could gain a foothold. It was partly filled with wator, and many of those in her wore trodden undor foot and drownod before sho gotcloarof tlio ship. At about eiylit o'clock in tho morning sho ljonted oil the dock and, ero wo had got fifty yards from her, tho Cadyow Castlo, with all Wt on board, sunk. One wild luroli, one fearful shriek that rovor boratod through that gloomy chasm, and 'nothing was soon or heard save tho blaol; wators Binning liko pitch and gurgling along tho brokon aides of tho boetling rockB. All who remained on bonrd woro lost. The last soon was tho captain, who had climbed to the niizun top, and who wavod hia hand in farowoll as ho went down with tho ship ho would not leave. His was a noble l'ato, a fitting ond to a gallant life. Tlie_ boats made for tho ontranco of tho cave, intending to endeavor to find a ? landing placo, but tho sea had got up and was too tempestuous for our overloaded boat to livfe in. ? ' Wo hail hardly got outsido when tho long boat, in which I was, Biiddonly cap sized and. I found mysslf in tho wator, struggling for ^ doar life. Diving doop under the fighting orowd, I pwam ns fur as my bnatli would allow mo under water — 1 wliH always a good swimnio'r — nnd presently cnmo.up near tho boat in which Jim Cragg nnd some others had taken refuge. Only threo out cf forty who woro in tlie long boat woro saved. The rest fought with the waves a few moments and all was over. Wo mow found ourselves fifteen in two i 'boats, our provisions being a fow tins of preserved moats and nmno salt hoof and pork, but ito wafer. This was terrible, terrible I Hour after hour wo pulled along that rock-bound coast, under thoso frowning precipices, hour alter hour, and Btill no thing but bloak, Btonlo, perpendicular cliffs, up which tlio sea broko in thundor ing masses, falling bnck iu torronts of glittering spr.iy ; hour after hour, until the dim grey evening, precursor of tlio black night, began to settlo on tho rest loss, ever-shifting ocean, nnd wo folt our bcIvob alone, without food, without wator, 011 an inaccessible iron-bound const, thou sands of miles from any othor land, and lost, lost, lost! END OF THE 1'IItHT BOOK, BOOK II.— FOUND. 1 . -APOSTnOPHE. 'Water, water everywhere, And not a drop to drink,' ' COLEBlnaE, ? O'.'i , oriiol sea I Oh, remorseless eea ! 'wTiosQ:treaoherous waves hnvo'engulph'cd ,i so much of good so much of evil ; in whoso , , secret depths, far bolow thy ever-shifting surface, lie the bravo, tho noblo, tho ; beautiful, tiio vicious and tho wicked. | D'wn amidst thy ooze and alimo they 1 lie, as silent witnesses of thy dread powor until tho 'Trumpet shall sound and tlio sea give up herdend.' Oh, lorrible sen I }'»I-lM»g fiently 011 the white shingle in tlio bright, golden sunlight, or thundering in ; . fury against the eternal rooks. Oh. sea ! ' 'iu thy culm a' molody, in thy storm a . Btatolp, psalm.' Oh, seal mirroring the ?yhite- wiiited Ghipj. iu thy smooth blue face, or beating them down in thy writh and pitilrssly dragging theni into thy profound abysses, amidst tlio horror of darkness and tho etornity of changeless rest. Oh, so* ! beautiful sen, whoso tranquil waters reflect tho puro pale faced moon and tho myriads of far-off stars, making 0 now heaven beneath our. feet. Oh, featful seal whoso huge bil lows, lashed into fuiy by the ravening winds, ronr greedily for proy nnd leap in impotent rage skyward, only to fall back in wild contusion, liko Titans who would scale tlio heavens that fiown upon their vain endeavors. Oh, son ! so lovely in thy tranquility, so terrible, yet so Biib lime, in thy wrath ; my homo so long, so nearly my grave ; how often have I temp ted thv.troachorous bosom, but nevermore, nevermore I qHAPTER I. DItlFTINO. Lost, lost, lost, on tho vast expanse of ocean that stretched away, thousands of leagues, eaBt west, north, south, with no land near save these inaccessible cliffs, that shot up far above our heads and sent out, here and there, sharp shafts of hidden roef, liko liornB waiting to gore our frail barks. Fifteen human beings - in two small boats, in a sea almost nlway* stormy, without food for moro than two or. three days, without covering, except our satu rated clothing, without wator. What was boforo ua save lingering to tho death that must, sooner or later, overtako us ? Would it not be bettor to at 0110 do as ono of the mqn advised us, atavo tho boats nnd drown all hand3 at onco rather tlmn undergo the prolongation of misery which seemed inevitable? Wiser counsels and lovo of dear life provuiled, however ; and, although wo had nil of what provisions there wore in our boat, we de termined to Btick together as long as we could. But as the night advanced and the fog settled on tho face of the wators and the cold wind chilled us to tho very marrow, the extent of our hopeless position became more and moro apparent. Some prayed, othors blasphemed, somo sank into speeohloBs apathy — and so tlio cold, hope less morrow broke. Wo had drifted during the night about a milo from the rocks, which showed dim and ghost-liko through the mist. All was silent around ; not a sound, except the low, unceasing hiss of the wator, or the occasional wnBh of a littlo ripplo agaiiiBt tho boat, as we drifted helplessly and list lessly away. But suddenly the sun, which is rarely aeon in thiB desolate region, after a stiugglo with the hazy atmosphere, shone siotilily and faintly on us. This was something, but very little, and it roused us from the condition of settled despair into which we were rapidly sinking. . Cheered by tho example of the mato and Jim Cragg, we set about another search for a landing placo amidst the chaos of rock, though with very littlo hope of succcbs, for the -cliffs roso every where sheer from the wator. We woro now, as I said, fifteen souls in all, oloven in our boat, ono of tho quarter .boats, nnd.foiir.in.tlio.other„a small ono, not much biggor than a dingy. Tho weather had been Bingtilarly calm for these latitudoa, where atorm and torn pest ia tho rulo tho whole y oar round ; and fortunate for us was this, as, had the sea got up, wo must inevitably havo beon swamped at onco. We bailed tho smaller boat to follow us, which, after a pause, thoy did.slowly and sullonly. Tho reason of this wo know soon enough. r , Amongst tho four men who manned' tho boat the demon of dis cord hAd alroady risen, tho cause being strong drink. It apponrod that ono of thom had brought with him from tho wreck a small metal flask of brandy, and this ho had concealed in his bosom. For a while tho terror of tho time seotned to have caused him to forgot his prize, but as tho cold, raw morning croptonlio had remembered it, and had been seen by his mates taking small sips of tho spirit, Tho other throo had aBkedhim to share it, but ho had churlishly refused. Thia had lod to a quarrel arid, as tliny took up their oars to pull after us, his selfishly taking anothor sip brought tho quarrel to a terrible issuo. Tho othors roBo simul taneously, with tho intention of wresting tho coveted prizo from thoir companion aud a Btrugglo ensued, in which tlio flask fell overboard and sank liko a etono. Ono of tho inon, as ho saw it drop into tho water, mado a frantic dart at it, but missed his footing and, striking tho gun wale of the boat with his head, foil sonsolesB into tho Boa, at the samo timo capsizing tho vessol, which was small and crank, and in a instant tho other throo woro floundoring in tho wator. One of thom— tho one who had had tho flask which had caused tho mischief nnd who wns a pasBongor and ono whom wo know as working on tho diggings whoro wo had made our money — succeeded in ronching tho boat, now floating bottom upwards ; tho others, after a few frantic struggles, sank, locked together in tho embrace of drowning mor. At first wo pulled round as for an effort to snvo them, but this tho mato Bternly forbade ; nnd, hoartless ns it seemod, we knew that ho was right, for our boat was already too full and thoir roscuo would liavo been certain destruction to all. It was a horrible fato ; and yot how many of 11s afterwards wished wo had Bharcd it, when in the long, long timo of miserable oxistonco wo draggod out, wo prayed for tho death that came so lingor iiigly, yot so certainly. Yet to loavo tho one who clung in desporntlon to the bottom of tho over turned boat without an offort to save him, at lonBt, wob moro than wo cauld do, so, after somo consultation, wo dragged the poor wretch into our ark of refugo, taking tho boat in tow. Bettor had it beon for him, JEqi ub, for mo iii particular, had wo then left him to periBh, better ; but no, my fato, although I know it not then, was bound up in his. Mine was tho voice that gave tho oiisting ! voto that saved his life ; mine was tho lifo that, in after years, I10 shroudod benoath ;tho \dark pall of crime, from romorso of wliioh I havo autforod, still suffer. Lot trie here Btato who and what I10 was, as I know him thop. What 1 know of him afterwards will appaar in duo course. Ho wat n awed', namod Joseph Born, a middle-aged man, n man gloomy and taciturn j one who had been of this first on our- diggings and who had left just boforo tho firn or« the flit. Ho was a man I did nut lik^ ; a man, in fact, whom nobody seemed to caro muoh about, and whom I had not soon siuco his dopar turo from Fiery Croek until I mot him on board tho day wo Bailed. How his fato becumo interwoven with mine this history will show. CHAPTER II. j REFUGE. Hours did wo pull along those beetling cliffs in a vain search for a landing. Hour after weary hour of cold, hunger and thirst, until night again shrouded us beneath his eablo wing, and wo lay under tho lee of the islands until morning. Our sufferings during theso two nights and a day of intense misory can never bo told, and tho despair of somo of 'tho men be came so discouraging to tho others that we, who had kept up our hearts, had to threaten to throw them overboard. Jim Cragg and tho mate behaved nobly. So dTd tho poor woman. I& the morning wo opened some of tlie tinB.pf meat, but found it impossiblo to retain it on ourstomachs. Only four wore I good, and we had one pieco of pork. In the oarly morning, impelled thereto by Jim and the mate, wo again proceeded on our hopeless qucBt. Wo had, during tho previous day, come across tho long boat floating bottom upwards, and her wo had also taken in tovr. Littlo did we know in doing so that on her depended our chance of life. Tho weather was singular! y calm and tho water smooth, and at about eleven o'clock in tlio forenoon, tho tide .being then just 011 tho turn of flood, wo cntne abreast of a rather wido opening in the cliffs, into which, aftor somo consultation, wo decided to venture. It wns a dosporate chance, for the water, although slack, was still running down the gloomy chasm at a rate iluit struck terror into ourhonrts as we entered it. But thero was no other hope, tor wo had scanned tho entire const, and there was no plnco of foothold even for a bird, that we could find. Wo ran down tho passage for about a milo, tho tide rip bearing U3 rapidly on and a heavy swell breaking on both sides of us. At this place wo saw that tho pas sago divided into two arms, ono running off to north and the other nnrrowing into a deep chasm, full of shelving rocks and brokon water. Wo thoroforo elected to take tho northern one, which at tlio point of separation boiled round and round in a violent whirlpool that threatened at overy moment to dash us against the rocks. A few strokes, liawever, carried us into smooth water, and wo found ourselves in a land- locked bay, with what seemed to bo a shingle beach of about hundred yards in length a quarter of a milo ahead of us. Thus far we were safe, and olthongh beyond tlie little boach, from which the black rocks appeared to rise perpendicu larly, we could ace 110 lauding piano-, and evou when landed there, 110 means of scaling tho forbidding precipice, it tub wonderful what offecb oven thnt small' mercy had on our minds. Some shouted, somo laughed, others wept nnd embraced onch othor, in tho rapid revulsion of feeling from black despair to frcoh hope or life. The hope wnB- faint enough, for what woro we to do cooped upon that narrow aholf of boulders and shingle, without food, without iiro ? Certainly tho toono in our littlo inland sea wns not so d.'onry and forbidding as it had boon outsido, for boyond tho rooks and along tho ravines that out boldly into them to tho northward, wo could see heavy forests of stuntod timber and donso undorgrowth. Besides that, tho entire placo wits alivo with souls aud Boa lions, which plung.'d boldly from tho numorous littlo rocky islets that lay scattored around on ovory hand, swimming and playing around us nnd gnzing curiously, with thoir full bright oyeB, on tho Btrntige creatures who had come to disturb thoir solitude. It waB a strango scono and, as we rented on our oara to survey tho now place we had got into, it impressed us with a deop sense of lonliness and awe, Hommed iu by towering cliffs, that cast a black shadow on tho smooth, still wntor on which wo floated, it Boomed ns if wo had boon suddenly and by somo wild froak of nature imprisoned from tho world with out. ;? Wo were the firBt that ever burst Upon that silent son.' There waa not a breath of wind, not a sound, to broak tho awful savago Bolitudo, save tlio occasional plunge of a seal into tlio darkly shining wator ; and eveu that, as it echoed hollowly against tho over hanging clifls, only aeomed to rendor tlio sileneo more silent, tho solitudo moro profound. A short pull brought us opposite tho shinglo bank I have spoken of und, stoor ing boldly botwoen two huge touldors that opoued into a narrow covo, our boat was. soon gently grating on tho aholving stony bottom. After bo many hours sitting in a con strained position botweon tho thwarts of a boat, exposed to oold aud our foot covered with \vat»', for sho leakod so badly that it took ua all our timo to keep hor free, it was only with considerable difficulty and grent pain thnt wo contrived to crawl aBhoro ; but, by chafing our stiffoned limbs and moving aboul 011 tlio rough shinglo, wo soon wero ablo to hnul up our boats and to set about making a fire, which was our first caro. Nearly all of ua hnd a few matches, but they wero wet, or at any rate damp, aud therefore thoroughly usoIosb ; and it was when we had wasted nearly nil of them in vnin' attempts to striko thom, thnt wo awoke to tho horror of our position should wo fail to sucoeod in obtaining a light. Wo found that amongst us wo had only Bovon left, and it waa nocossnry to husband our re sources. Wo hnd collected all tho dry twigs and leaves wo could, but tho larger wood was damp, nnd an attompt to obtain fire in tho aboriginal fashion, by placing the peintof a atick ilia liolo in a piece of wood ond twirling it to and fro between our hands, wns a failure from thia cause. Match aftor match of tlio fow romaiu ing olios waa Btruck, Bputtored, and re fused to burii, until wo came down to tho last. Sick at heart nnd despairing of soul, I turned away and went behind n project ing lodge of rook, for well I know what, hung on that trifling morsol of wax aud wick. A thing worthless in itself, but to ub of more value than all the gold that h»d gono down in tho ill-fatod Bliip, yea, than all that lay at the bottom of tho sea ; for, without food, without fire, what could wo do but porish miserably of cold, even although tho raw flesh of such seals as wo might be ablo to kill- should savo us from canabalisin. it was a fearful moment — a moment fraught with nucli momentous results to all of- in poor wrotohes gathered round that ono lust frail means of obtaining fire, light-, warmth, life itself, in fact, that in my bitt -r ngony I fell on my knees nnd called aloud to Heaven for morcy in thi3ourtimo of diro need.— To be Continued, 'iJj'F.o 