SCHOOLBOY ANSWERS. A Curious Collection. Miss A, C. Graham, of Anerley, has received a prize from the University Correspondent for tho best collection of schoolboy " howlers," and they are printed in the current number of that periodical. Iu an accompanying letter Miss Graham says: — n nen a. learned one aay tne re markable fact that ' Ilaied and Odcssac translated Euripides,' I felt that the time had coine for actiou ; I was Beized. with u burning desire tu share with, others my joy in theso fauts; and as a means of spreading tlio ' New Learning,' I began to oullept from examination, papers and answers in class whatever would throw new light , on old subjects.. I have. .been some yearB at it now, aud havo pleasure in Bond ing yo'u tho subjoiucd.12 extracts from my ' getn;.' They are all boua fide answers, the spcilitig and punctuation being unchanged ; in most cases I havo still the original docu ments from which they aro taken." Among "selected specimens" from Miss Graham uiiu vtllvko; mjf uuk bull h M ul l l» i jt p ulu the following : — Divinity.— Esau wns a man who wrote fables and who sold the copyright to a publisher for a bottlo of potash.— Explain the difference between the religious beliefs of the Jews and Samaritans. The Jews be lieved in tho synagoguo and had their Sun day on a Saturday, but tho Samaritans bo- lieved in tho Church of England and wor shipped in groves of oak ; therefore the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans.— Titus was a Roman emperor— supposed to havo written the Epistle to tho Hebrews — his other name was Gates. English History. —Oliver Cromwell was a man who was put into prison for his inter ference in Ireland. When he was in prison lie wrote " The , Pilgrim's Progress, and married a lady called Mrs. O'Slica. — Wolsey wns n famous general who fought in the Crimean war, and who, after being decapi tated sevoral times, said loCromwol), "Ah! if I hod only served you as you have served me I would not havo bccu deserted in my old age."— Wesley was tho foundor of the Weslcyan Chapel, who was afterwnrds called Lord Wellington ; a monument was erected to hiin in Hyde Park, but it has been takon down lutcly. — Who was Henry IIL ? A zealous supporter of the Church, nnd died a Disscniry. — What is fDivinc right? The liborty to do what you like, in Church.— What is a Papal Bull? A sort of cow, only larger, and does not givo milk.— Perkin YVarbcck raised a rebel lion in the reign of Henry VIII. He said ho was the sou of a prince, but ho was really the son of respectablo peoplo. Definitions. — Phoenicians — Tho inventors oi Phauiician blinds. Bacchanal.— A nativo of Bcclinuna, in South Africu. Chimera.— A tiling used to tako likenesses with. Watershed.— A plaeo in which boats are stored in winter. Gender. — Is tlio way whereby we tell what sex a man is. Cynical.— A cynical lump of sugar is ono pointed at the top. Immaculutc.— State of thoso who have passed the en trance examination at London University. Hydrostatics.— Is when a inad dog bites jruu, it as Luuuu uymupiuuiH wucii a uug is mad, ond hydrostatics when a man catches it. English Languago and Literature. — Keats wroto a savuge criticism on Eudymion, which brought on consumption. — Tho sonnet is a thing that has iu its first four lines two meteors (quartan) aud in lust six two meteors (turzettc). — Latin of tho 4th period was introduced into tho languago at the in vention of Christianity 507 a. l>,, when the nobility and gentry spoke Latin- French nnd the Danes settled the throne ' for nearly 30 years. — Ham let was very weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too wcuk to fulfil his duty which thn Ghost hud told him. Ho was very good to his mother. He profains madness, he really only put it on but somo peoplo say he was mad. Ono day when lie was fighting the king asked hiin ii lie would have something to drink, & ho had put poisin in it, & Hamlet said he would wait thn Queon took it, Ic then sho falls down dead, llamlct immediately stubs his father and drinks tho poisin and dies.— What do you understand by the Augustan ago in English literature ? We mean the time of Ciodmon, who flourished and wrote " Comus " about tho time that St. Augustine converted the people of Kent. 