But When it is Grown. BY KEV. JOSEPH PARKER, D.D. NOTES Oy A SERMON PREACHED IN THE CITY TEMPLE, LONDON, ON SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEM BER 24, 1893. " But when it is grown."-MATT, xiii., 32. The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which indeed ÍB the least of all seeds; but when it is grown ! Wo must look at the issue and the meaning. This mustard seed can he viewed from two points of view. One man can talk only of its smallness-a very tiny child could carry hundreds of these seeds in its hand and be imconscious of weight. Another man can see in the seed the kingdom of heaven. Aro both right ? Yes ; for it depends on the point of view, The second man takes in at a sweep the whole purpose of God in setting up an empire on earth with Christ on the throne. OUR LITTLE-HEARTED FRIENDS think that other influences are outrunning the kingdom of God. We hold, say they, such very Bmall influence in our hands that wo must go down hill. Then there comes along some flaming EzokioL some seraphic Isaiah, some desperate Paul, with their great optimistic voices-" He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied." These are the voices we need. It is the delight of love to exaggerate. Who can exaggerate the vastness of the purpose of God in this seed of tho kingdom ? !We must take tho broad view and look to the end, " When it is_ grown." There are so many who abide in the mere letter of Scripture, and never enter into revelation at all. Man can be looked at in the same way. Here ÍB an infant of days-is that man ? : Yes, if you murder that you will be Blain. That small infant is greater than the greatest beast that crushes 'the earth beneath its broad foot. He is a man. Sol loökon the child as great, immortal. If -I am asked to baptise such, do I ask, What weight is he ? Seventeen pounds. How old is he ? Twelve weeks. Can ne speak ? Can he understand anything ? Quite as much as you. I will baptise him, for he is a man, and I take him in my ' arms and sprinkle heaven's dew on his little half- slumbering face, and name the great name over him. There are some people to-day who speak of THE BIBLE AS LITERATURE or as a record. Some have enlarged themselves and called it a progressive record. No doubt, no doubt it is a record, and a progressive record, but it is also a revelation. Within its genius and fire the grammarian has no place. He must pack up and go. He is the only man who cannot handle the Bible. There are experts, no doubt. I was brought up under an expert-my mother. Broken hearts are specialists here. The man who has just buried his firstborn is an expert in some parts of the Bible. Do we then exclude the verbal man ? No, but tell him when to sit down, and he has long spells of sitting. There is the Church and kingdom of God, and there is the little mustard seed aspect. Why not connect them ? Is tho tree ashamed of tho seed ? Is the universe ashamed of the protoplasm ? THIS APPLIES TO SPIRITUAL CHARACTER Is it the mustard-seed time with you ? Are you young and feeble in the Christian life ? The angel says, " But you are growing." Am I grow ing ? Is it Biblical ? Quote to me some texts that prove it. " In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thy hand." "The kingdom of heaven is like to a man which sowed good seed in the field." What did he sow seed for-to rot ? No, to grow. " Till we all come in the unity of the faith, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ." Are we growing ? What said rough Peter (yet on occasion the most refined) : " But grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." We are to grow in knowledge of Christ. One intorview is not enough. It is not enough even in the case of a daisy, or a worm, or an insect. There is more in everything than you have begun to know. I TO KNOW IS BUT TO INCREASE IGNORANCE. Am I a larger man than I was ; or am I just the same conceited, vain person as before ? Have I touched the majesty of the higher man ? Once that threat would have broken a prayer in two, and I could not have amended it, but now I eau go straight through it to the So be it. God bo praised-it is a miracle of the Holy Ghost. Give it time. The strong man breathes centuries. He has no clock. You want the thing done to morrow. Have patience. " When it is grown." God knows how to manage. When he creates, it is to do all tho rest. God's kingdom is coming, and God's mustard tree is coming, and Christ is coming, and no one can turn them back. No man can tum back God's servants either who are called, elect, chosen, crowned. We have seen a huge, jagged boulder plump itself down into the middle stream as much as to say, " I'll stop you." But the stream came up to it, rilled and purled round it, and little by little the ugly hindrance was made into a kind of ornament, as the water rolled and whitened itself circling round it, and left it, but not without a beauty created by its generosity. So be it with you and with his kingdom. Give it time to grow. Those men who want to sec things getting on are generally those whe never brought a soul to the sanctuary, anc yet they want to Bee it full. They are tht ¡^erriers of the church who worry the pastor's heart. It is boat to leavo all those persons «lona -it has been a memorable year for wasps. THE DIVINE KINGDOM IS COMING. Until the seed is grown do not give prematuro judgments. It needs time, it needs eternity to grow. It ia an infinitely disastrous thing when a man supposes himself able to give final judg ments. Thoro are nltra-divinely gifted persons who can tell you exactly about fate, free will, and the voluntary principle. I proposo to wait. When God says from his thi'ono what Christ said from his cross, " It is finished," then I may open my lips to praise, unless amazement and wonder strike me dumb. Wait patiently. When does tho seed grow ? You cannot detect the growing, but it ia growing all the time. It may grow in the night-timo. Some times in spring-time we find hedges break into bud in a night-time. It is so in things spiritual. " And the Lord shall suddenly como to his tem ple." Yet he has come to his sanctuary from all eternity. This is so with moral completeness. By im measurable increments WE PASS FROM ONE LEVEL TO A HIGHER. It is the result of time and care. Because you were converted last Sunday you are not an angel ; you are not, but you may be growing, your spiritual lifo may be deepened, you may be on . the road to manhood. Do not glorify yourself either becaxise you are ahead of some weaker . brethren. You aro growing, God bo blessed. Another shower, another pruning, some more sun- : shine, and you will be stronger still. This great doctrine applies to all habits-to . evil habits as well as to good- but evil has a short day which hastens to its wane, whereas goodness grows and brightons evermore. Young souls, do be careful about habits. You can lay a habit down and take it up and say, " I am master of it." " But when it is grown." You don't know how evil grows ; it is a word to-day, but a book next year. The habit will mock yoti next year. Go and bring mo that oak on tho hillside-a century ago it was an acorn. Plant your feet firmly, take a big breath and one big pull. Havo you got it ? Why not ? It is grown, and its roots run all over the earth. Learn A LESSON FROM THE OAK TREE. So will your habit bo one day. Blessed be God if it be a good habit. You will be above the devil's strength one day, and he will not be able to tear you up, who are rooted in grace and life of Christ. Do not be pulling up tho roots every evening to seo how you are getting on. Even Antaeus became flabby when he leapt up from earth. No plant will stand that affront; Nature needs her six days in which to mature her work. Beware of mistaking the process for the end. Nature likes trees. Nature hates houses. We begin to feed Nature with a few houses. Nature begins to take them down before Ave havo the roof on. Nature has somewhere spiteful ministers .at work, and that church spire has already signs of decay, mossy, cankered. We must not affront Nature. Look at the trees which she grows. From century to century tho forests flourish. What a difference between a house and a tree. The one is a self-contained, self terminating thing. But the life of the tree struggles ON AND FORWARD TO IMMORTALITY. Dear, sweet old book ! I am just as little anxious about you as about the solar system. What we call infidelity outside is called the higher criticism inside to-day. Doubtless it is a great thing to be inside ! I am giving the Bible time.. It has undergono many processes, but to-day there are more copies of tho Bible sent out by tho Bible Society than ever before. It was never BO much a revelation to me as this morning. It grows on me.. As Coleridge puts it, "The Bible finds me." ' That is inspiration. "But when it is grown." Let imagination conclude the sen tence. ' i: In response to a circular issued to the ministers of the city and suburbs asking' them to preach special sermons to young men in their own churches last Sunday nearly 60 favorable answers were received by the secretary of the Y.M.C.A. Addresses have also been given during tho week; in the hall, and special prayers offered daily for young men, the Dean of Sydney and ministers of various churches taking part. Mr. Stephen Taylor, the son of Canon Taylor, of St. Stephen's, Newtown, and educated at the Sydney Grammar School, late scholar of Cor pus Christi College, Cambridge, B.A. (Senior Optime) 1892-afterward of Ridley Hall, waa made deacon by the Bishop of Manchester on September 21 last. In tho service he read Gospel for the day. He was subsequently licensed to the curacy of St. Andrew's-Eades, near Manchester. The Rev. W. W. Rutledge, of Ashfield, chal lenges the correctness of the statement in the METHODIST on " Methodist Union," quoted in our last. He says that " up to the present 67 circuits had sent in their returns, of which 54 had voted .Yes' on the general question; and as to the basis suggested by the joint committee, 42 cir cuits voted 'Yes/ 6 *No/ in ll no vote was taken, and in 8 others resolutions of a general character were sent in." The above shows, Mr. Rutledge says, that 465 votes were cast in favor of union, and 71 against ; and that 340 votes were given in favor of the proposed basis and 25 against. Tho public engagements of the Primate as announced for the current week were as follow : Sunday, November 12, preacher at the Cathedral, ll a.m. ; confirmation at St. Augustine's, Neutral Bay, 4 p.m., and preacher at the evening service. November 13, confirmation at St. Nicholas's, Coogee, at 5.30 p.m. November 14, at 4 p.m., special meeting of the Clergy Widows and Orphans' Fund ; at 7.30, confirmation service at St. Silas's, Waterloo. November 15, lecture at Moore College, 11.30 a.m.; warden party, at Greenknowe, of collectors and friends of Church Society ; confirmation at Mac donaldtown at 7.30 p.m. November 16, confirma tion, St. Luke's, Burwood, at 7.30 p.m. November 17, meeting of rural deans with archdeacons at Greenknowe. 