Horseracing, , By Waxy. On tbo second day of Rookbnnipton T'atter- sull's meotiug First Demon woii tho second log of tho double from Luoky Boy, a son of Souvenir — Luoky Atliol, who lins boon gradw - ally running into form of luto, und workiughis way up tbo ladder. Luokstonc, another son of Souvenir, 'won his third race during the meet ing. Talkative failed to sooro at illl, though lio ran tliroo timeB,' but may do better (may kayo done bettor by this time) at Bnrcaldino on the 13th and 14th. Tho following is u copy of tho objection lodgod by Major George with the Canterbury Jookoy Club against, tlio Chitllengo Stakes going to D. O'Brien's Loyalty : " It having cotneto my notice that at tlio time of thernee tho horse Loyalty was disqualified from competing for the Gliullotign Stakes, I, us tlio owner of Tho Workman, who ran second, claim from you first money, and object to your paying, or having paid tlio sanio to tlio owner of Loyalty. I understand that tho ownor of Loyalty was on tbo forfeit list nt'tlie timo of tliu nice, nnd I specially base my claim to tho stakes on this ground, under tho rule. As required by rtilo 185, I enclose £2. At tlio sumo time I request you will lie good onoiigli to givo this matter your careful and iinmeiliiito consideration, with a view to paying mo tlio stakes, which under the circumstances I believe I fairly won.".l Some weeks ago I reported the snlo of the steeplechaser Blister for 121 guineas. Tlio iiorso lias not been long repaying his owner the ontlav, for he won tho Steeplocliuso at Meutono (Victoria), last work. Tlie smart Archie filly, Kitty O'Sbeu, who swept tho board at Toowoumbn last Christmas, and ran second to Rosy Dawn for tlio Strad- broke "Handicap in May, giving tho winner her your and Bomo pounds weight, is for sale, us her owner is giving up racing. Kitty lius been enjoying a spell sinco tbo Toowoomba races, nnd'is just in nico trim for going into work for tho Hpring meetings. Rosy Dawn and Kildttrc did not ucquit themselves so well at tho Hnwkesbm-y meeting as thoy did nt Rnndwick tho previous week, nud so far, Scone's campaign in Now South AVulos cun scarcely have bcon remunerative, if bo has contented himself with hacking his own horses. Tlio A.J.C. spring mooting begins ou Satur day next. Tlie order of running will ho — starting ut 1 o'clock — as under : — \ Ilurdlo Race, 2 J miles. Trial Stakes, special w.i'.a., 1 milo. Derby Stakes, li- milo. Epsom Handicap, 1 mile. Spring Stakes, If, mile, w.f.a. Kensington Handicap, 1 milo. "With Tuesday's racing wc shall have uu op portunity of dealing nn Monday next. Tlieso arc no Quconsluiid representatives among the 20 (mostly duffers) nominated for the Ilurdlo Handicap. The best at the weights may bo Hilnia, Vespliano, Escort, Bitrzun, Albort, and Anurrow, und tliu situations may bo bestowed ou Escort, Vcsphuuo, and Anar- row. It is hard to say what will start for Llio Trial, but, with a run, commend me to Ptdvil or Solatium, failing them, to Tomcvairo and Trenchant. For tlio Derby, only live will go to tho post. On form, pcrlmps, the best to follow is Pro jectile. Bolanuni's performance deserves to ho rated as highly as Fulvil's, ovon though his win wus only obtained by tlio disqualification of the first horse. He was handicapped to receive only 11 lbs. from Barnuby Rudgo, and Mr. Scnrr therefore rated liita higher than Pulvil. Panoply showed good farm lust season, and Phurumond run well over 1 milo undS furlongs, on Saturday ; so well that, iu uu indifferent field, as wc limy reckon it for this year's Derby, lie may rim vory prominontly. Dola- wiiro limy bo dangerous if ho is woll. Capristo must improve u lot on anything ho bus shown as yeli to have tlio ghost of a show, though some good judges reckon him n real good colt. I don't say lie isn't, but lie hasn't proved his cxcollonco so far. Ho 1ms boon scratched since this was written. To bo brief, liowevor, I like Clarke's selected, Solnnuni, l'huritmoud, and Delaware best, and whatever beats Projectilo will probably win both A.J.O. nnd Y.R.O. Derby, and likely enough tho Melbourne Cup too. For tbo Epsom Handicap, perhaps, Sain foin, Biidgoree, Ohutbam, and Buccleuch are better than any other luilf dozen. For tho Spring Stakes, I liko Cinnoolii. In tiio 1-milu Kensington Handicap Olinker, M.L.A., Rosy Dawn, aud Kilduro are nominated, hut pending declaration of tlio weights I will not discuss their chances. M.L.A. raniireiilly good colt nt tlio Hnwkes- bury ou tho second day, when ho won tlio ij-milc Members' Handicap, under 7 st. 10 lbs,,, in lmin. lfhr sees. Phiii- umond'Hperforinaiiccs, under 7 st. 1 1 lbs., in the Grand Handicap, won by his stable companion Balluter, in 2 mins. 23jf sees., who was in receipt of two years und 7 lus. from the Gliiu Stuart eolt, was highly creditable, and gives him a fair show, oil paper, for tho Derby. The time was very. fast, though not up to the record made by Aristocrat; at Rosobill, utidor 9 st., whon tho latter ran tho distance in 2 mins. 22 boos. Tho stable hacked Phurumond, and are said to hnvo had only a few pounds on Ballntor. Tho winuor is a five-year- old horse by Mon mouth — Sapphire, bytlioDruinnior — Amethyst. ICildure ran well up, fourth. Ben Bolt, winuor of tho Caulficld Cup, at fivo years old, in 1S8G, won the Monsoon Stakes at tho luto Calcutta mooting, under 10 st. 3 lbs., und beat Blaze, Yntapii, Lady's Maid, Exbant, und Glcuura. Stauiboul, 11 st. 7 lbs., wan tlio Hurdlo Enco ut Canlfiold, on .Saturday, 1 milo 5 furlongs, iu 3 mins. 1 3 sees. After all tho Admiral will not visit Sydnoy this spring. Mr. S. G, Cooto says tho horse will not start boforo llio Caulficld meeting in October. The well known Queensland jookey, Kins man, men with mi itcuidoni no serious wlifio schooling Sailor ovor tlio practice hurdles last week at Raudwiok thut his lifo is despaired of, liis hack being broken. Sailor broke his neck whon ho foil, and lay stretched out on top of Kinsmuii till drugged off'. Tho Author, , winner of tho Plymnston Handicitp ut, tlie S.A.J.C. meeting, Adelaide, on Saturday, paid u dividend of £72 18s. £7,717 passed through tlio totalisutor during tlie du'y. It is reported that tho Queensland colt Tridontato, owned by Mr. Horbevt Hunter, got cast in his box at Mordinllno oil Saturday, but that he did not hurt himsolf much. Tho following question and answer from the Australasian will bo reud with interest : — "A horso is running on a round course, measuring oxaotly a milo, uud a second is running on tho same course, 3 foot outside tlio former, nil tho way. How muoli further does the outsido horso travol tbun tho inside ono? Tlio answer is 18 foot decimal 80 (very nearly), which is greater than 18 foot 10 inches, but not quite 18 feet 10 inches." _ ' Omio's defeat of La Fle'oho in tho Eclipse Slakes was considered iucoucliisivo mid un satisfactory, tho filly's form lioing thought tuo lmd to lio truo, ns sho finished nn indifforent third, divided from Ormp by soma lengths, and a hitherto moderate three-yoav-old, Modicis, who gavo Orino some tronblo at. tho finish, cutcliiug him napping. It was feared tho pair would not meet again,- but Baron Ton Hu- soh pulled La Ficeho out again ut Goodwood, against tho duke's colt, in tho Gordon Bfukcs, 1 mile, iu which tho filly mot Ornio on 4 lbs. bettor forms than at Sundown Park. Tlio woights wore Ornio, 9 Bt. 12 lbs. ; LaFloeho,9st. 3 lbs. Tho Baron also sturtod his oolt Wiitor- eress, 4 years, 9 st. 8 lbs., and Colonel North's Itoyul Hurry, 3 yours, 8 St., completed tlio 2mirtetto ; 0 to 4 was laid on Orme, while La 'lecho wus at 4 to 1 and Watercress at 9 to 2. La Flcolio was said to lnivo "eomo on" u steno at least sinco Sundown, und bIio cortuinly ran far better thuii in tho Eolipso Stokes. Sho made her own rutmiug, with .Orrao ut . her. libels, for a mile, whon the sou of Ormonde drew alongside and looked liko coming away nlono and untroublod, but La Fteohe was not dono with, and battling it out, though in : tronblo, with the courago of a lioness, held her own to within a few strides of the chuir. . whon Oriiio drow errtidu- ally away, and won olevorly by a uoek. Wator- uross was many lengths away third. ' . In tho Princo- of Wales Stakes of . 200 govs, each, nt Goodwood, Galloping Diok (Mr, D. Bairil's), who luid wou the valuahlo Riohmond Stakes thoduy before, started at 1 1 to 10 against. 73 to 20 was tho price about ('.Dan" Ooopor'g Glare, and 100'to H against Speed (winner of tlio July and CliosterfioidStakosJandBullingdon. Tho favourite did not got a plaoe in" a field of four, the winncrtuiiiing up mtheDukeof West minster's home-bred Builmgdon, who is by mid oatofaDerbywimibr; hissira being Melton, and bis dam tbo famous Hermit mare, Shotover. He won by a head The Stewards' Cap witswbn by Mr. Miner's Mcdoru, 3 yeurs, (1 Bt. 12 lbs., wlio is a sort of sistor-in- blnod to Ormonde, being by Bond Or out of Agncta, by Macaroni out of Fair Agnes, und very closely related to tho Bliioklauds' sho Buokthorpe, whoso son, Yoiiug Buokthorpe, by tho way, isabout tbo most r(ioingliko2-yeiu-- oldwchiivosGenoutthisscnson. Tbo Goodwood Stokos, 2 union, was contested by a bad lot, und run in fearfully slow time — namely, 6 mins. 14 sees., tlio winner boing Mr. Ellis's Rod Eyes, by Goggles (son of fpooulum) — MiHs Florry, 4 yours, 8 st. 1 lb., beating tho Prince of Wales's Tlio Vigil, by Bon Battle — Vesper, 3 years, (I st. 7 lbs., and six others. A vory inforioi- lot wont out for the Good wood (Jup, 21. iuilos, won by Mr. J. B. Bur ton's Barmecide, by 'Bnrcaldino — La Truppe, aged, 8 st. G lbs., ill 6 inins. 12 sees. Insurance, by Gilderoy — Grnnuda, who ran second, started favourite at 2 to 1. Tlio winner's price being 4 to I . , Realm's two-year-old sister, by Archie — Em press, arrived in town this woek, and was quartered for a time at Cartel- and Fonwiok's stables. I lind au interview with her on Thursday, and found hor a woll-grown, well- cared for, lengthy filly, with a nico, quiet, lndy- likoboiid.andslightlydisbednose.longroiu, slop ing shoulders, which willgrowlongor and deeper us tlio filly pnts ou age. A good deep briskot aud barrel, ribs not too round, hut sufficiently doop fore and aft, strong quarters, good gaokin and forearm, plenty uf substanco and sizo, and promising to be at leust a fiuer specimen of tho mcchorse to tlio byo than her famous brother. Lot us hope she will turn out ns good, hi colour sho is a liico ohostnut, sprinkled with silver liuirs, and a silver patch hero and there. Cnpriste was withdrawn from tho Dorby on Monday. Onyx, dum of Sardonyx and Nordenfeldt, dropped a dead foal to Cuirassier recently. A mooting of tlie committee of tlio associated clubs (Canterbury Pnrk, Rosehill, Mourofield, Warwick Farm) was hold in Sydnoy ou Mon day, wlion Mr. Hunrahan, tlio late official measurer, was lieni-d in wliat tho southern papors call liis own dofenco. All that appears to bo known about it is thut Mr. Wilson, who was superseded by Mr. Hunrahan, will continue in clinrgo of tbo standard, a foregone conclusion. Narina, tlie racing pony, arrived in Sydnoy from Melbourne on Mouday. Clinker landed all right" from Brisbane Inst week. .Tlioro wus no buyer for tlio right to Rnnd wick Bt. Legor reserve at tho sale of privileges this week, tlie highest hid being £623. ' Candour's dam, Canary, foaled a colt io Splendour tho other day. 