i MAS FBflM A &HOST.; A good many yean ago the regiment to which 1 then belonged was quartered at Alderahot. After a long absence frem England, spent on a parching rock in the middle of the Bed Sea, bleakand dreary Aldershot seamed a very para dise. It was delightfully near London, too; leave was eaaily to be obtained, and a greet part of my spare time and more than all my spare money wasspent byme in the metropolis- spent, I am ashamed to confess, in riotous living and much disorder. I lost all my available funds, mortgaged my commission to the utmost penny, and found myself fevered and parched in body, in soul wretched and des pairing. I had come to the end of my tether. 1 was done up, life had nothing but evil in store for me. On the following week I should be posted as a defaulter < n the turf. I should leave the army in disgrace, and such tidings would kill my widowed mother. It was Sunday night ; I had been in London trying to raise money, but uselessly ; the Jews closed their fists to me. I only wanted a hundred pounds to pay my Derby losses; this achieved, I could sell out and retire without open disgrace ; but I couldn't raise it. Mv last sovereign wa6 changed in paying my hotel bill on that Sunday night. I liad a return ticket to Aldershot in my pocket aud a few shillings besides, nothing else in the world iu the way of available assets. 1 think if 2 had been possessed of a five pound ncto I Bbould have gone to Liverpool aud taken a btueragu passage to America. It was the limited cxteut of my means which made mo resolve to go back to Aldershot and appear on parade next day. tiie COLT) MEAT TEA IN. At that time there was a train wliich left— not Waterloo, but some statiou a little down the line ; it might have beeu Yaus.ha.ll, or possibly KineElms, I scarcely remember which— the station at midnight. It was popularly kuown amongbtus as the 44 cold meat TViiin. " Its passengers were dead bodies for the Woking Cemetery. The mil way had,fcrthecoiivem<mce of the camp, affixed to this train one first-class carriage. After leaving the dead bodies at Woking the carriage was run on toFiiniboroujb, whence you could walk to the camp. Tbe train was moving when 1 got to the station, but Ihad juet time, despite warning shouts of guardb aud porters, to open the door of the last carriageand jump in. The other com pertinents of thecarriuge I noticed were lighted, but this one was dark: that didn't affect me: 1 didn't want to read. I took out a box of (notches, and proceeded to light & cigar, As the glow of the match lit up the interior of the carriage 1 saw in the corner a long dark object, quite black, and yet with some little metallic gleam about it ; it was a coffin reared up at the farther side of the carriage, a board being placed behind it, against which it leaned. I lit a match, and read the inscription on the plate: 44 William Heathcote, died 25th May, 18—, aged 25yer.rs. " Tbe hair on my head rose in a muss, my heart ceased to beat. My own name, my own age. and the very date of tho day that was now just born. a feari l'l bes0lut10x. It chimed in, too, did this inscription so mys teriously with that impulse I had felt the whole day— a turning to self-destruction as a means of escape from all the degradations of life. I would accept the omen. I carried with me a small American revolver. It would kill at twenty paces. I drew it out and placed it against my forehead. Then it struck me that the ball, after passing through my head, might pass also through the partition dividing the compartment, and strike some one in the next carriage. I turned, therefore, my back to the window, and again placed the muzzle of tbe pistol to my forehead. Again I withdrew it. There was no hurry. The train did not stop till it readied Woking. I wanted a signal : the whistle of the engine as the dnver sighted tbe red lamps of Woking should be thesignal for my departure from the world. 44 Yea, " I said aloud, turning upon myself in a sort of frenzy ; 44 yes, the moment tbe whistle sounds, William Heathcote, you shall die." The rising moon was shining brightly into the carriage, full upon tbe coffin, and upon its mys- terons inscription. Idon'tthinklrealiy believed this coffin hod any tangible existence. It might be bat the product of my own brain. Looking up, however, to see if it had disappeared I saw no longer the coffin lid, bnt a white shrouded figure— a pallid, corpse-like face, the eyes of which shone upon me with a sepulchral gleam. For the moment I thought I had patsed into the land of shadows;that I was a disembodied spirit looking upon my own mortal remaios. I came to myself with a deep gasp, digging my finger nails into my palms. Ah, the joy of that moment after the torture of the struggle back to life. Life ragged, miserable it might be, but still dear life, how precious it seemed. Shadows, I defied them. the gh05t speaks. "Come forth, old mole," I shouted to my double in the coffin. He came forth. As I live he stepped out of the coffin, seated himself opposite me, and leaned forward tospeak into my ear. 4 Mercy ! Mercy ! " shrieked the figure in a voice that pierced the roaroi the train. 44 See, " cried the figure, slipping a paper into my hands, 41 Keep it, keep it; only don't betray me. " 44 Whew-w ''went the whistle of the engine. I turned my head fora moment, the moon had just passed into a cloud, the figure had vanished, the coffin still stood in the corner, dork and grim. It wasn't till I reached ruy own hut at Aider- shot that I examined the paper the ghost had given me. and which, in my delirium, I had imagined I had thrust iuto my waietcoat pocket. Here was a test, at all events; if there was a real paper, bearing signs of its ghostly origin, then I was still sane, and the apparitiou I had witnessed was not a delusion of the brain. In the corner of my waistcoat pocket was a crumpled pieceof flimsy paper; I unfolded it, and found it was a Bank of England note for a hundred pounds. From that hour I was an altered man. I paid my gambling debts, studied for the Staff College, passed & good examination, weut to Sandhurst, came out with high honors, and, having a little influence at headquarters, got an appointment as commissioner to watch the operations of the American War of Secession, on General s staff. THE GHOST EE-ATl'EAES, It was at the close of a bloody, but decisive, battle, which resulted in the retreat of the Army of the South, that I visited riie field hospitals at the rear of the Federal Army in search of a friend who had been wounded during the day. The doctors and attendants were all too busy to pay any attention to my wants, and I walked down "the long rows of hastily improvised couches. Scraps of paper, on which the names of the patients had been hastily scrawled, were pinned to the coverings, and I started as 1 read on one 44 William Heath cote"— my own name. The man appeared to be eicking from exhaustion, but he brightened up when he heard the tone6 of a friendly voice. I knelt down beside him, and asked if I could do anything for him. He nodded his head. 4 You're English," he whispered. 44 Yes, I am." 44 So am I. If you should be in tbe neighbor hood of Bedford, and should be able to hear of an old man iu the name of Heathcote a retired draper, will you tell him his eon died in a credit able way? I was a disgrace to him, sir, when I was olive; but when I am dead, perhaps he will think kiudty of me again. 111 tell > ou my story, sir. I was a rogue— 1 was, sir. I was ah undertaker, but I was a collector of taxes, too : and I entered into a conspiracy to defraud the Government. It came out, but I had warning in time. I shammed dead, and gotaway iu ooe of my own coffins with all the 4 swag. ' They wasu't very keeu after m<-. but just at the last momeutl thought they'd have me. A detective followed me right to Wokiug, but I squared bim with a hundred pound uctd, and got clear away to America by the Southampton packet. It never prospered me, that money ; and 1 got lower and lower till I Misted as a soldier : aud here I am. I'm getting tired, sir. Don't for get Bedford — Heathcote, retired draper. " I passed on in wouder aud a&toniehmen; It was no special care, then, of an overruling Providence ; my wonderful warning and deliver ance was n mere affair or chance and aCci.Lut. As I passed the man's couch again he lay on it stiff aud stark and dead. I found out the old mau in Bedford. He was living with a daughter in abject poverty, and I repaid to him tbe hundred pounds with com pound interest. To lum I seemed a celestial visitant.— 44 Chambers's Journal.' 