CORRESPONDENCE. SEl'AUATION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-I «ótico tu your issue of thia morning a powerful and incisive letter on the present political situation nuder the noni de plume " Anti-Humbug." I think Mr. Kidston-who rightly or wrongly I presume is the writer would have been more elucidative had he signed it " Anti-Humbug The Second," as thc norn de plume he assumes is one thal I formerly wrote under. As I do not pretend to the ability displayed in thc letter in ques- tion I disclaim the authorship. Mr. Curtis's letter and telegrams have struck a tremor of surprise and alarm einong thc separatists of the Central Division, who afreet not to understand why there should bc u block of thc movement ju Pnrlinniciit. But if they take into account thc result of thc late clectinu in thc Central Division, they need not feel surprised nt what has happened. It is just what I endeavoured to explain during thc election would happen if thc people of the rentrai Division returned any of thc Labour Party not pledged to Separation as of thc first inipnrtance in their political creed. I pointed out thc necessary unity of action could not prevail, because the labour members would not hesitate to sacrifico thc Separation question to that of electoral reform, and Börry am I that I was not a false prophet. But thc object of thc letter in to day's issue cf your paper is to shift thc responsibility of thc situa- tion on to thc shoulders of thc purely Separation party, and it infers that lt was their duly to accept thc ultimatum of thc labour members. The. above is thc rift in thc lute which spoils thc Separation music. The proposed memorial to bc sent to Lord Ripon is the last resource open to Central members upon which they can all agree. Hut what good will that do ? Nothing more than just keep the thing alive ; but it will not induce Lard Ripon to grant their prayer. He has told Them through his speech to Mr. Archer, when replying to him und others of the depuration who waited on him to plead our cause, that he required something more at their hands, than an announcement to him that all Hie members of the Central Division were returned as Separatíonists. He told them that he should watch closely their action in Parlia- ment'; and that he was of thc same opinion as Slr. Archer that it would bc far better for all parties if the matter could be scltted in their own legislature. Now we may all depend that Lord Ripon will bc well posted up with tho latest difficulties which beset the Separation cause of thc Central Division, by Sir Thomas Mcilwraith through the Agent ?Gcneral in London ; and neither Lord Ripon -or any other Colonia! Secretary will remove those difficulties. Kc will say, as Jove did to the waggoner," .Put your own shoulders to the wheel. Well the Separation waggon hos stuck in the mud, end there is a jibbing horse or horses in thc Separation team, which, j to set it going-, must tbe taken out or tickled into the right humour. I can- not conceive any other cause than the above fer the 'block which has token place in the SoparatioE movement. The course of action of the Central members was simple enough, 'lt was to (cove for Territorial Sepamtion'fer Central Queensland, and to be unanimous lo support of the motion. Lord Ripon's conditions for (tis interference would then have been fulfilled, and we might have reasonably looked forward to some action in onr'favour by the Imperial Government. But as the case stands nov? everyone seems to be at sea, with no likelihood of the beacon light of'Separation coming into view. Evidently» we arc-on the wrong track. Rumour says but stay, she ts ally big jade, so I will not repeat what ramocr-says. But why do not the'Ërecutivewf Obs League confront rumour with the truth, <*.nd allay the -conjectures which like grim ghosts haunt the public mini. I am. ic. S. \V. HEAD, i ^Kent-street, rockhampton, 24th-July, 1693. - ! ¡[Mr. Kidston was not tire author of the j lotter signed *' Anti-Humbug^'-ED. M.H.] 1 