THE ABORIGINES OF NEW SOUTH WALES. By A. L. P. CAMERON Continued. INFANTICIDE. There is every reason to believe that this cruel practice was common throughout the length and breadth of Australia, and even at the present day it is practised to a certain extent among many tribes in the inland dis- tricts. If a woman already had as many children as she could conveniently attend to, any that were born after- wards were killed. Sickly children, or those not properly formed, were in- variably destroyed. It does not appear that female infanticide was more com- mon than male, although many writers assert that among savage races it is much more universally practised ; the reasons given being that women are a source of weakness to the tribe, as they are food consumers, but not food providers, and in case of war are a temptation to the enemy, and require protection. These reasons could not apply to Australian women, as they certainly perform more than their own share of the work to be done ; and they are both able and willing to do their own share of the fighting when it be- comes necessary. CANNIBALISM. To a certain extent, most of the tribes were cannibals ; but in many cases cannibalism was not practised from want, or from a predilection for human flesh. After battles portions of the slain were taken by the victors out of revenge, or to show their con- tempt for the enemy. Among some tribes it was customary for the rela- tions to eat portions of their deceased friends. Mr J. D. Woods says :—Among the Dieyerie, cannibalism is the uni- versal practice, and all who die are indiscriminately devoured. I think, however, from what I have learnt of the Cooper's Creek natives, that Mr Wood's information, or rather that of Mr Gason (since he is mentioned as the authority), is hardly correct. It may be assumed, however, that in one way or another all Australian aborigines are, or were, cannibals. THE LAW OF REVENGE. The aborigines regard the class or group as the social unit. A man has no existence, except as a part of the group or division to which he belongs. Should a man be slain, it is imma- terial to his tribe, whom they slay in return, so long as it be a member of the tribe who did the deed. The ac- tual murderer may be known, and if they can kill him, well and good, but if there is any difficulty, any man be- longing to his tribe will do as well. In the same way, if Ipai inflict an injury on Kubbi—both being members of the same community—the Kubbi class re- taliate on any member of the Ipai class. They are not particular so long as the blow falls on the tribe or group. Many years ago, I knew a man who was, and always had been, kind and considerate to the blacks about the place. One day the police came to the station and took prisoner a blackfellow who had been guilty of some crime. The following evening the man to whom I refer was cruelly murdered out of revenge. The blacks considered that an injury had been inflicted on their people by the whites, which de- manded revenge, and, so long as they took the life of a man belonging to the community who injured them, they were satisfied. In killing him, they struck the group of which he formed a part, and on which they desired to be revenged. LANGUAGE. Although there appears to be a very wide diversity in the languages and dialects spoken by the Australian aborigines, there is no doubt they have sprung from the same source, and, it is somewhat remarkable, that there are some words the same, or nearly the same, in tribes very far apart. Thus we find the words "Tina," or "Dhina-foot," in use among trihes in Victoria, Queensland, and New South Wales, while the word used for "head" is totally different. The nouns and pronouns in many instances have their numbers singular, plural and dual, although I think this is not the case with most of the languages of Eastern Australia. It is in use among some tribes on the lower Murray. The greater number of languages in this colony have a soft and pleasant sound, nearly all the words ending in vowels or liquids, while from many of them the sound of the letter S is absent. Metaphorical expressions are con- spicuous by their absence, and we meet with very few generic terms. They have a name for every tree that grows, every bird that flies, and indeed for everything that exists, but very sel- dom a word signifying a whole genus. The subjoined table of comparison of ten aboriginal languages will shew the striking resemblance between cer- tain words in use by tribes very widely separated, which I think is con- clusive proof that population has spread from one point over the whole of the continent of Australia. TRADITIONS. There are many traditions among the aborigines which to Europeans are sufficiently absurd. Many of them are very obscene, and quite unfit for pub- lication. They are, however, not more obscene nor more absurd than many of the classic legends of heathen my- thology. There is a very widespread tradition that the earth was originally peopled by a race much more powerful—espec- ially in the arts of magic—than that which now inhabits the earth. This first race were, of course, known in dif- ferent localities, by different names, but as the legends regarding them are essentially the same, among a large number of tribes, those of one tribe will serve as illustrations. By some of the Murrumbidgee tribes they were called Bukumurri, and were famous for hunting, fighting, &c.;, and were eventually changed into animals by Tha-thu-puli, who afterwards created the present race. Others believe that the Bukumurri effected the transforma- tion themselves, and that as animals they felt an interest in the new race that succeeded them, and imparted to them much valuable information. A belief exists that the magical power of the doctors, disease makers and rain- makers, has been handed down to them from the Mukumurri. The following is a tradition of the manner in which fire was first pro- cured. Two Bukumurri-Kuramberi (a water rat), and Panduwinda (cod- fish), were the sole possessors of fire, which they jealously guarded in an open space among the reed beds of the Murray. Many efforts were made by the present race, and by other Buku- murri, to obtain a share of it, but without success, till one day, Kari- kurgi, a hawk, who of course had ori- ginally been a Bukumurri, discovered Kurambin and Panduwinda in the act of cooking mussel, which they had ob- tained from the river. He flew up to such a height that they could not see him, and then caused a strong wind to blow the fire among the dry reeds. This was, however, extinguished. He then sent a wind from the opposite direction, and eventually sent a whirl- wind, which scattered the fire in every direction, causing a conflagration, which set the whole of the reed beds on fire, and extending to the forest, laid waste vast areas of timbered country ; upon which trees have never since grown ; so that where once large forests existed we now find immense plains. It was some time after this that they became possessed of the knowledge that fire could be obtained by friction. Mr Dawson mentions a somewhat similar tradition, as to the manner in which fire was first procured by the Western District tribes (Victoria), and I have met with legends among other tribes to much the same effect. Another legend is told by two Butu- murri, who had a wonderful chase after a gigantic kangaroo which lived near Hillston on the Lachlan. He was followed by the Bukumurri for hundreds of miles, but they eventually lost sight of him. Following the track, however, for some days at last they came to the camp of another Bukumurri, who, having met the kangaroo in an exhausted state had, with the assistance of his dog, killed him, and already had him cooked. The visitors were invited to partake, but this they refused, and waiting for a few minutes till the attention of the other was engaged in something else, they restored the kangaroo to life to the great indignation of the Buku- murri, who immediately sent his dog after it. The two hunters, however, cast a magic spell over the dog, which prevented its running. They then fol- lowed the kangaroo and at last killed it near the junction of the Darling and Murray rivers. The Willandra Creek which has a course of more than three hundred miles is supposed to be the track ot this kangaroo while flying from its pursuers, and the few hills which occur in the districts through which the Bukumurri passed on their return to their own country with their prize are their camping places. The Merrowie Creek is also supposed to be the track of some mystic animal which two Bukumurri hunters had been fol- lowing. [Since the foregoing was written I have met with an interesting legend connected with the earliest uses of fire, from which it would appear that when the fire which escaped from the two boundary blocks on the banks of the river were spread over a large area of country, the Bab, who was famed for his genius and power, employed his whole time in collecting portions of the fire, and storing it up in different kinds of timber, so that in future times it might be taken from its hiding place, which to the aboriginal mind satis- factorily explains the fact that fire can be obtained by rubbing two pieces of stick together.] It is possible that the totemic divi- sions of a tribe are connected with this tradition of a race of men who after- wards became animals. It may be, for instance, that the class which has for its totems, emu, bandicoot, and blacksnake, believed that the Buku- murri who were transformed into these animals were the ancestors of the members of that class. The Ta-ta-thi have a legend that there once existed among them a man, wonderful for his wisdom, strength, and knowledge of magic. This man acquired much of his knowledge from a goomatch or ghost, who once took him up to the sky, which the Ta-ta-thi suppose to be a solid vault. In this vault there was a window guarded by a spirit. The man procured admit- tance through this window and was allowed to wander through the country where his spirit would eventually dwell. The friendly goomatch did not allow him to remain long, but on his return to earth imparted to him much valuable information. There are many traditions among the aborigines of the wonderful feats performed by the Bukumurri, and think that most, if not all, the tribes of New South Wales, and probably of Australia, believe that the country was formerly inhabited by a differ- ent race to that which occupies it at the present day. There is a belief somewhat similar to this among the village Indians of New Mexico, many of whom, according to Dr. Morgan, believed that they were the descend- ants of animals who were transformed into the human form by the great spirit, and that each of the gentil divi- sions claimed the animal, the name of which it bore, as the ancestor of all its members. THE FUTURE OF THE ABORIGINES. Of late years little has been done to ameliorate the condition of the abori- gines, and although I believe that between the years 1821 and 1842 large sums of money were expended in protectorates in New South Wales, very little good was effected. That our present position with reference to the original owners of this colony is not an equitable one is beyond dispute. We have taken from them a country where, after their own fashion, they were contented and happy ; and, in return, we have bestowed on them a civilisation which destroys them. I do not say that this could altogether have been avoided, for experience everywhere proves that races in a state of savagery, and even those races which have passed from savagery to barbarism, are unable to withstand the advance of European civilization. It is a very difficult matter to sug- gest measures that would effectually improve their condition. Five or six protectors might be ap- pointed throughout the colony, care being taken that the positions were filled by men who understood the characters of their charges and took an interest in the welfares of those whom they were appointed to protect. Depots could be established in different localities from which food and clothing could be obtained in reasonable quantities. For this pur- pose the different police stations could be used. I am aware that at present supplies of blankets are issued to the police for distribution, but as it seems to be nobody's business to see that the distribution takes place they are often left at the different police stations in bales while those for whom they were intended are perishing from cold. In districts where I have lived I have found it impossible to furnish one half of the tribe in the immediate vicinity from the miserable dole which the police informed me was all that the Government forwarded. For this scant supply the Government may not be altogether to blame, as it is impos- sible that the requirements of each district could be known, while there is no one whose duty it is to forward the information. One of the most effective measures that could be taken would be the passing of a stringent law making it penal for any publican to supply them with liquor. The police should be instructed to use every effort to secure a conviction where the law was evaded. It is to be hoped that something will be done without delay to secure a record of the tribes now fading from the earth, and I should think the superintendents of the various mission places and protectors of aborigines would be the most suitable men to do the work. A most interesting field is now open to ethnologists and philologists, which, if not taken advantage of at once may pass from their reach in a very few years. Very little has been done so far, and that little almost entirely by private individuals, who have found time amidst arduous business avoca- tions, to collect and publish valuable records of the tribes with which they have come in contact. Government aid, however, is required in the matter, not only to carry out thorough researches into the past and present history of the various tribes, but to take measures for the amelioration of their condition in the future. It seems strange that in an age in which so much time and money are devoted to science so little should have been done towards securing an authentic record of the organisation of aboriginal society. Such a record would be a most valuable addition to the history of mankind and the cost of securing it would be trivial in comparison with its value when sccured. =?=! -5 § I topS « -° i II ^ l|-= - ''a- | ^____| „ I ^ aj ? PQfEH,— c -- -3 3 : : i : : : : : : F £ f1 =1 si h p. ? § %% c - £ H 5 '5 to s 2 £» io.E s *2 s2» 5 a .5 s C r C -' '3 \- g £- US .- fe H '§- 1°'S '§? ' 'Sb'5 '3 -s - I « c C ° 5 S-3-? S3 3 5* §,§..&! *&£ 3 ? w - sc.- .h = ,o ST §' a = ?- -= e *s \- rrr^TTTT'in~rTTTTT ? fe 3 j I . rf ? C ,2 S £ O Ss e 2 j b 1 U°l°= g- g £ tm 5 s ! u | I 55 (5 a §' I J o % -ZaJS fi „S5p — 'Si- 5J1 5 « saUa JSSla-S 3 | hSSe-iQ!3 (The End.) 