CHAPTER XIV—Ax Unexpected Meet* A week passed by. Tho last days of Jan uary ran out in alternations of fog and rain* and , tho first of February brought with it uncertain gleams of sunshine, that seemed by contrast like a promise of spring itself. Mrs Carrylrs temporary insanity—her con duct in daring Valentine’s displeasure scorned to her, as she looked buck on it, nothing less -—was never alluded to. Its superficial effects i were traceable in tho deprecating timidity of the culprit’s manner, and in a slight eoldnesB in Valontino’s manner towards her. But to overyone else Valentino was unus ually sweet and gracious during that week. Sho was very bright, and very light hearted, even a little unnaturally so. For Mr Soudamoro she had always her moat charming smile, and ho basked in that smile as if it wero to him tho rays of tho buu. Only sho avoided being left alono with him, sometimes seeming to rebel against tho idea almost involuntarily. It was part of tho excitability which had become characteristic of her, that on tho 1 morning of the first of February sho came down to breakfast full of enthusiasm on tho subject of Geoffrey’s birthday. It was a subjoot that had dropped somewhat out of sight in tho newer and originally apparently temporary interest of Mr Scudamore. Geof frey, hiinsolf, howover, having hud very littlo interostin Mr Scudamore’s society, bad had more loisuro to give to tho consideration of his own future. Tho first flign of Valentino’s iutoreat that morning was quite enough to draw him into eager and confidential talk. Directly after breakfast he followed Valen tino into her morning-room, and established himsolf so that ho could look up into horfaco os Bho sat at her writing-table. And meeting his eager, anxious eyes, Valentine laid down her pen. It was nearly half-past elovon; they had. bean talking for more than an hour. Geoffrey had set forth hie plans with a manliness and thoughtfulness now tohini, and bom of tho sense of responsibility which had gradually grown up in him ; and Valentine, as he talked, had lost something of her roat Iobs brightness, and, as sho grow more sym pathetic, had grown graver aud gcntlor. Sho had discussed his ideas with him, had drawn him out to enlarge upon all his theories, and at last tho subject was practi cally exhausted, and a eilonco ensued. It was brokon by Geoffrey. He throw himself luxuriously back against tho sofa, clasped hia hands behind hia head, and said contentedly : “ This is like old times, Val.” Sho started slightly, and turned her face towards him with a vague smile as ho wont on, boyishly ; “ Wo havon’t had a morning liko this for ages, havo woIt’s most awfully jolly!” The room in which thoy wero was at the front of the house, aud from whore sho sat Valentino could seo into tho street below, Sho was gaaing down with dreamy eyes when, quite suddenly, she started; a hot color runhed over her face, and sho roso and rang tho boll peremptorily. Taken by surprise Geoffrey looked at her euquiringly as she stood waiting for tho servant’s appearance, but sho did not speak until bur summons was answered. ‘‘I uni not at home,1* she said; then im periously, “Not at homo to any ono, A fitful gleam of sunshine was lighting up tho street, and underneath tho wiudowa its watery rays foil on two horsos, ouo of which carried a groom, while from tho other a largo rod-moustached figure was dismounting. Tho servant left tho room, nud Valentino turned once more to Geoffrey, her cheeks flushed, her eyoj shining. '*1 thrnk I muse go out, Geoff,” she said abruptly. “It’s a shame to waste the sun shine, and I want to see about your birthday present.” “ I’m coming with you, then,” he said, starting up with a laugh. “ Coming to see what it is, Val “Coming with mo!” sho returned, laugh ing rather oxoitedly. •* You’ll do no such ♦ First published in cimueetioa with •• All thi Year Hound,” thing, air ! I'm going alone. Good-bye— till vro meet again. I don't Quito know* whan that will be. I shan't; ’ be at home to lunch, and I'm engaged all the afternoon; and then your’re going out to dinner, aren’t you ? But till whenever it is—-good-bye!” And with a gay little gesture of farewell she disappeared. Sho spent nearly an hour in a round of shopping, throwing herself into her oooupa* } lion with a feverish energy and exoftement. 'And, when,'at the end oi that time, she gave* her coachman the'order to- drive to one of the large jewellers.in Kegenfc street, there were tired lines about the pretty, spirited mooth. She ordered the set of studs which was to be her birthday present to Geoffrey, and tamed to leave the shop. She had just passed out on to the pavement when suddenly she stepped short; stopped as though aho had been transfixed where she stood, her face qurte white, her eyes fixed on the approaching figure’of a man.- It was Kenneth Gaunt. He was coming along rapidly, looking neither to the right nor the 5arit, and he did not see her. He was in the aot of passing her* still not seeing her, when she moved forward impulsively and held out her Brand. “ How do you do?” she said in a low*, quick voice. \ ' With a start bo violent tbfrt he almost seemed to exolaim, though no word1 passed his lips, Kenneth Gaunt stopped short abruptly and stared\into the white-face before him an though ho were* looking; &'? iy‘ ghost. For that one moment every .drop* of' blood seemed to recode from his face. \ Than, it came slowly back again, a deep suZTen rod, and he took tho hand held out him, almost reluctantly. ** How do you do, Miss Clinton ?” kismet, and ho said it ungraciously onough. • Having shaken hands ho mado amerroment aH if to pass on; but Valentine stopnod hirer. Her eyes were fixed upon his face ; they hod grown wide and pitiful, and her lips trembled as she spoke. Kenneth Gaunt’s appearance was greatly changed since the days when ho had gone about at Templecombo a prosperous and well' satisfied young man. It was not strango* that ho should show no signs of desiring to prolong au interview with anyone who had known him thon. Ho was shabbily dressed, aud ho wan keenly conscious as ho stood boforo Mias Clinton of tho deficiencies I of his appearance; but his face told far more than did bis worn coat. It was tho face of a I man who laid passed through tho cruellest prooc-s to which youth and hope cuu bo subjected; that process of continual failure I and disappointment which makes those two hard elements of Immun life seem normal and inevitable. Tho features wore haggard and sharpened; tho mouth was set into a sullen endurance, and the eyes hold a fierce bittemoss. All that air of well-being, which had been such a conspicuous feature with him, had disap peared. _11am very glad to see you,” Biid Valontiuo, faltcriug in most unusual fashion. Thon drawing up her head with a stately movement, which was an outward sign of the effort with which she mastered herself, she went on with that dignity with which a woman covers so much, not only from others, but from herself. 44 Are you living in London now ‘.,s* “Yes,” uuswerod Kenneth, curtly, “ at prosout.” His eyes wore fixed on her now with a longing gaze in them of which Valentino only saw- the bitterness, and she said, with aomothing of an effort: Will you tell mo what you are doing?” Kenneth laughed harshly. lt It's easily told,” he Baid, bitterly. ‘ “ Nothing, Miss Cliuton,” 44 Have you done nothing since-’* 44 Nothing,” he returned. 41Thero doesn’t appear to bo any demand, oven in London, for doubtful characters. I imagine the market is overstocked.’9 ** Oh, don’t!” cried Valentino. “Don’t !** Ho had lifted his hat, and moved to leave her, lmt her words arrested him perforce. He turned his worn young face to her once . more and paused. * • “I heg your pardon, Mies Clinton,” he said, gently. 44 You were always more than just to me, and it was an abominable thing to-say to you. May I put you iuto your oarriago?” Valentine mado no answer. Her fingers olosed on a little parcel that sho held so tightly that its contents were crushed and spoiled. Sho turned and walked mechani cally to her brougham, got iu, and allowed Kenneth to close the door lor her. Then ha shook hands with her in silence, and the carriage drove off. And Valentine leant biok in her place, her face set and proud; oblivious of the uoiso of Itbgeut street, oblivious of tho fine, drizzling rain that was beginning to fall, saying to herself, again and again : 441 am just to him ; only just to him.” 