THE HOME RULE BILL. flit) Justin M'Carthy, M.P.,inthcDaily News.) j. sunn not begin with the familiar ill, observation that it is not possible to pro- t notice a final judgment on any proposed IJ measure of legislation until one has care- A fully studied the printed words of the bill,, ' I know, indeed, that a complete and final ¡ i judgment cannot be formed from any j spoken exposition, however comprehensive ¡ and clear. Even if you know all that the author of the measure means to do you ; cannot know how far the clauses of the bill are likely to carry out his meaning. I have, however, in this instance, other 1 difficulties somewhat greater than that. I ! listened last night with the deepest interest to Mr. Gladstone's fascinating and brilliant speech in explanation of his bill for, the better government of Ireland. v learned, of course, what the main pro- j posals of the measure are. I take it for -J , granted that so far as the mere wording of clauses is concerned the clauses can be made to set out Mr. Gladstone's moaning, and to carry it into working law. But when the financial proposals come to be thought of I can only say that I do not at present quite see how the surplus of half-a-million is got at in the beginning, and is to be secured hereafter. I am a very poor financier, but if I were going to buy an estate which I was told would bring in BLOOD a year, I should certainly want to know exactly where the -t'SOOO a-year came , from, and how it was likely to be' kept up. I do not as yet know with any certainty about the assured sources of the half-million surplus, and whether it is likely to be maintained, andwhollioril would be enough. I have therefore to suspend my judgment on that part of the measure at all events. Let me say that in this and any other com- ment I shall make, I am speaking merely for myself as a member of Parliament, an Irish Nationalist, and an observer of political affairs. The great merit of the measure, according to my opinion, is that it does appear to offer to Ireland the framework of a practical system of home Eulo. In that great merit it has much advantage over the bill of 1886. It is far better to have two Chaiiibors than one Chamber with two orders of legislators in it. We accepted the principle of the two orders in 1880, but we were very anxious to get at any decent ' measure of Home Eulo and then most of us had a strong conviction that the principle of the two orders would never survive a debate in committee. The non represen tative order, if I may call it so, was constructed after an intolerable, mediaeval, and obsolete method. It was like what Thackeray calls " one of Mrs. Radolifib's exploded old ghosts." The constitution of the second Chamber in the new bill is clear, simple, and in its way and within its limits representative. It is elective altogothor-- thoro is no nomination to it. There is no property qualification for the candidate, in it. I do not much like the higher rate of franchise for the electors, but I do not see what better under all the conditions could be done. We have not in Ireland at present the electoral materials out of which to mould such a scheme of election as that which constructs the Senate of the United States. I am not disposed to grumble much over the vote. Some sort of veto there must be-the vote belongs to the Constitution of Great Britain, and extender, of course, over all her colonies. No doubt there is a difference. Take the case of Canada. Canada is away across the ocean. Her long frontier line " marches" with the frontier one of the greatest republic in the world. It is not likely that any English Government, over the funniest that over came into power, would be inclined to harass Canada with too much vote. But Ireland is a small country and a poor country, and is close to the gates of England. Still may it not be taken for granted that when once Home Rule has been given English Governments of what fever political (complexion will he inclined to let us alone (generally in this matter of the events ? I am pure wa BIIIIH not provoke intervention I hope we shall never have I intervention wantonly thrust upon us. If on both sides who are anxious to work fairly the Home Rule principle there ought to be little difficulty in working it. I firmly believe that an Ireland we shall honestly and honourably fulfil our part of the engagement. . As to the retention of the Irish members in Westminster, I am strongly of opinion that until the land question is settled in Ijjho Imperial Parliament, j or consigned for settlement to the Parliament in Dublin, we ought to retain our will representation in the Imperial 'House of Commons. We ought not to be left to the chance of having to fight with diminished numbers that great land question which is still unsettled, and the cattle 'stations of which is vital interests of our country. is the dearest When that question is settled in Western alor or relegated for settlement to Dublin, is very anxious about the pr the Irish representation I shall not feel Gciso numbers of in the Imperial Parliament. We, the Irish members, wore, as everybody knows, perfectly willing in 1880 to take ourselves of T altogether. If We could get Home Rule on) Such conditions, No were right glad to accord the conditions. but many of the vital functions of the I'jrosont Bchonio are dependent on the rate lion of an HABIT represent tuition at West l minster. I think that principle is better on the whole for both countries', and better for the future arrangements which are in all human probability about it he adopted by need for the other parts of Great Britain. As to found, however, our one first and greatest Finland s for an honest and genuine l'aoaBnre of Home Rule which shall allow lAs and shall enable us to manage our own affairs for ourselves. During the debate on to that reading of the new bill some Conservative member I do not recollect who it was found fearful menace in the expressed desire that the people of Ireland should be a free people." This, he Boomin'fldy thought, in nat moan Boparatiou. 1 'ii lay call his attention to the fact that when Grattan apostrophised the SCOBIE nations as a free people, and declared that age, had passed away since such a phrase could be applied to it, and appealed to the spirit of Swift and true spirit of Molyneux to applaud the triumph, of that freedom, he spoke of a nation which had accepted A Parliament in were the acknowledged supremacy of the Iin'gjiorial system, r Al marriage recently took pine of in Vienna which the Daily News correspondent describes as by ing one of the most romantic c affairs that has happened there for a long while. Baron Maurice Kiinigswartor, one of the Orosusos of Vienna, a few years ago ref used to consent to his eldest son's marriage with a young actress of the Burg Theatre, Fraulein Margaret Fornjos. The pair married in spite of the of atina r, and now HYO happily at Hamburg. Baron Königswartor'a only daughter, being the horrors of much of the wealth which the eldest son has thus jeopardised, was a great deal sought after, and her father wished her to marry Herr, Strasser; his, confi deaths man of business. But the young girl had already plighted her (troth, and the father's consent being refused, waited four years, for the man she loved. She attained her majority a few weeks ago, and on Sunday marry id Herr Max Sohief, the son of a Vienna banker. Baron Konigswartor was so indignant that I do left Vienna, looked his palace, and made his only daughter marry from the house of the bridegroom. According to the law he must provide her with an outfit and dowry proportion take to his moans, (and the outfit, loft I entire!, y to the choice of a famous house, was \- certain day the finest show of beautiful and delicate things that has been put together for any bride For many years. 