IHE MOBT1JAEY POST. Tbe dead die only when they are for gotten,and it is the mission of the Mortuary Poet to keep them alive, at least until tbe day after death. Tola he mcoeeds in doing after a fashion pecoliarly hja own, and the wonder is that the great majority of the defunct are cot galvasiacd into re-existence by the diabolical metrical outrages perpe trated on their memories, and do not rise from their graves to avenge themselves for the mean advantage taken of their helpless condition. As a versifier tbe Cataract Qorger is as bad to beat, but while be represents the comparative to the ordinary doggerelmon ger's positive, the mortnaTy poet promptly goes one better and scores the superlative. In one particular tbe mortuary poet can give the gorger a distance and win bands down. He has tbe vividness of Imagination and the boldness of invention which in the other are totally wanting. The gorger gazes on a scene of natnral beauty which might well kindle a poetib glow in the heart of a tombstone, and deal* ing with tbe reality of loveliness before him he vulgarises and eteriUaes the whole by his abominably prosaic fltyle of treatment. The mortuary poet bas to draw his inspira tion from tbe cnarnel bouse and graven ard, and straightway he begins to invent like a versifying Edison. He creates all be wants for his purpose, and whereas other voyagers on -the sea -of 'bioeraphyllke to keep the capes and headlands of 'troth 4a ^view, he burns his charts, throws his compass over board, and steers straight for the blue water of unadulterated fiction. It is reported that at a Hobart spirit uallstlc teance one of the disembodied -was .naaVn/1 nVaf kail nn-4- .nanaliBvl him an'nxai naB.au. mukii tutu uiwaii buijjiudu uuu ?uii.d his departure to the land of shadows, and while a sepulchral chuckle came from nowhere in particular, and do doubt the ghost ot a grin spread itself over his vimonaTy lineaments, he promptly replied, ' My epitaph,' It is not stated that the visitor from the border-land proceeded to break tbc tetford of Bbinei the sob. of Qerarj who used swear words to the Lord's anointed at Baburim, or to make tbe air sulphurous with the outpouriDg of Netherlandic blas phemy ; hence it is to be supposed that he bad been better treated than matiy of his fellows. But bow theie behave on reading particularly it in life they had even the faintest conception of correct metrical role, must be left for the imagination to conceive. The mortnary poet is undoubtedly a 'man who has miBced bis vocation. He is the lineal descendant of tbe Irish 'keener,' who was engaged at so much per howl to do the wailing at the wake ; and gorra 1 didn't he earn hii money. As the modem mnte the mortuary poet finds that the im poBed Bilence stifles his genius, ind he is bound to burst forth into what he those feelings that ' Whisper tbe over-fraught heart, and bid it break,' If in dealing with his lugnbrious lubject the mortuary poet could find himself the principal of the furnishing establishment, the grand master of the funeral ceremonies, the rival of the distinguished Btorrer, the eminent Hills, or the illuBtiiouB Richards, he would he a magnificent success, because his eonl would be in his calling. It would have for him the same attraction that — for a totally different reason — grave ? digging had for Mark Tapley, wbo fancied it bccLuse it was ' a good, damp, wormy BOit of buBincss,' But as his aspirations in this direction 8 re blighted he determines to be in the Bwim somehow, and so turns literary undertaker. In this capacity his general mood is about ss merry a one as that ef the happy King Richard II. when he suggested to --hiB attendants as a gay and frolicsome way of passing Let's talk of graves, and worms, and epitaphs; Make dost oar paper, and witb rainy eye* Write sorrow on the boBom of the earth. ' In launching himself upon his new under* taking the mortuary poet has a decided ad vantage over the other tuneful Eons of song. They, as a general thing, are restrained by some respect for the canons of prosody, and the rules of grammatical construction. He it loftily superior to all Euch paltry con* trochee, an iambns, or a dactyl than he does of the diffcrentit.1 calculus, or than the aldermen of the LaunccBton City Council respect for the common amenities of public life in pushing on their Water and Light Bill. Ab for grammar, bo far aB the M.P.— 1 mean mortuary poet, not member of Par! if Borne Tooke, and all 'their modern con' gmers can go hang in their garters. These little divergences in matters of metrical and other dttail he airily regards aa a per fectly legitimate it diligence in poetic license, and it was by availing him Bell of this license to take liberties that tbe talented jonth immortalised by the n erry Max Adlcr so electrified the relatives of tho defunct when he informed tbe world that— The death angel smote Alexander M'Glue, And gave him protracted repose ; And had a pink wart on bis nose. Perhaps he is happier, dwelling in space, Over there on the evergreen shore. And bu friends are informed that - hia funeral takes place At exactly a quarter-past four. . Tbie is a delicious compound of the titile and the dvlce which it would be hard to beat ; and that — as tbc irate relation of the defunct asserted—' hie late brother did not wear a check shirt-, had no pink wart on his hobc, and waa grossly libelled in the matter ol biB pedal encasement b' does not trouble the mortuary poet. In auy case it's only one man's word againBt another, and even admitting tbe brother to be right, as the poet plaintively pleaded, how could he be exfected to be up in all theBe little matters of family detail. But be was only downcast, not dis couraged, and at the very next opportunity Bailed merrily in again with — Little Jeremiah^ dead, Don't git eucb a chance *For a funcrftl often. To tbe ccme-twy.; ' : Drop him in the sepulchre With hiBDnclc Jerry. BLU1 more circumstantial is the same aitict'E description of bow Four doctors tackled Johnny Emith— Thr-y bliBtcrcd and they bled Mm ; With Equills and antibilious pills A. ipecac, they fed him. They fctirred him up with calomel, And tried to move his liver ; But nil in vain— his littln eoul Was wafted o'er The River. The only fault to be found with the fore going is that they arc clever coinages written for the purpose of ridiculing the production cf the average mortuary poet ; but what say you to the following, which I am credibly informed is to be found on a tombstone in one of our quiet Tasmanias country cemeteries '— Beneath these monumental stones Lies the body of Mary Jones. N.B. — Her name was Price; it wasn't Jones ; But Jones was put in to rhyme with stones. Here I find that 1 am at a disadvantage, because while it is the endeavor of every Press ecril)B to keep bis matter right np to date, and while the agony columns of tbe newspapers teem with splendid examples of tho M.P.'s genius, I am loth to quote them lret I unconsciously cause pain to sorrowing friendswhohavederivedsome Bad satisfaction from the tribute thus paid to their dear de* parted. My object is to present the humor oca tide of tbe thing, but I have no inten tion to conveit a real grief, however grotet quc ly exposed, iuto f cod for laughter, and so 1 must avoid roodprn ioithncts and 'slick strictly to nnci'.Dt- or, at least, mcrtJffiva!— bi6tory. l'alt; therdore, ai tbt ntxt liiusl ra -ion the following flash ot genius, in which the writer expresses the grief of parent! doubly bereaved :— Two brighter babes you neve i see Than God-a-migbty gave to we ; But they was took with ager fits, And here they lies as dead as nits. This again is fairly paralleled by the candid, though evidently posthumous, Con fession «f tbe departed as to the cause of his undoing, and not of bis a'onc. It might fittingly be entitled 'A Voice £rom tho Tomb :H— Here lies I and my 2 dawters ; We died a drinkin' Chclt'nam waters. If we'd have stack to Epsom salts We wouldn't ha' been in these here vault b. What the firms Interested tn the Bale of Epsom silts paid the poet for thia magnifi cent advertisement dbse not appear, but to be commensurate with its merit it should not have been less than millions. Another evidently written with an eye to business is Beneath this stone, in hope of Zlon, Lies the landlord of the Lion ; His wife keeps on the business still, Beeigned unto the Heavenly will. The way of the traturgrresor is hard, even In the matter of mertnary versifying, end that a literary theft avenges Itself appears in the following story. The two rival magnates— the Clarke acd Dobeon — of their little village circle were the mueic master and the pyrotechnist. The former died, and on his bead-stone his sorrowing wife caused to be graven the lines— A better man the folks all own The village never held ; Bnt now he's gone to where alone His music is excelled. Then the pyrotechnist died, and his widow, not to be beaten, with questionable honesty cribbed and altered the verse so be to make it read— A better man the folks all own The village never held ; But now he's gone to where alone Hii fireworks are excelled. A very pertinent addendum to a fre quently adopted emanation of the M.P.'s genius is attributed to Barns. The original runs— O i Every bne that passes by; Bnch as you are once was 1 * Bach as I am you must be, Prepare yourself to follow me. The poet read, and cruelly added— To follow you I'm not content, Unless I know which way you went. Sometimes the M.P. is really equal to the occasion in being happy— or rather appro priately unhappy— in thought and form of expression. There are cases in which the pathos is very touching, hut the chances are that the ' unrehearsed effect1' comes in from a different quarter. In Beaufort Ceme tery, Victoria, is a stone with a long inscrip tion which I have paused to read a dozen limes, and never without a thrill of sjm pathy for tbe utter desolation, the incon solable grief of which it was the expression. It was evidently tbe lamest of the wife for husband of her youth, taken from her in the fresh spring-tide of wedded happiness, and its opening lines ran— O ! early lost 1 If now thine eyes can Her heart who rears this f nneral atone to thee; There paBt all hope a sorrow thou will Which time may soften but muftt deepen too. | ' Poor woman,' I faid to a companion, I the last time I read the lines, '? How sad, ! Did you know her ?' ' O yes,' was the reply. one was ihc wue oi a BWrcsceper in tnc town, and married bis assistant three months after his death.' ; ? i 