PAEGITER, TTTF. GHOST. BY C. J. "WILLS. "WTienI first knew Gwendoline Gilbert I very nearly fell in love with her. At that time I had a penchant for liealthy looking girls; and, being- young, X was an ardent admirer of the British blonde. Gwendoline Gilbert was Hygeia herself; Emma. Lady Hamilton, when she was in the service of Dr. Graham, the quack, could not have looked t-he part more thoroughly than did Gwendoline. How I adored that girl 1 At that time, you know, Sir Burnc-Jones hadn't invented the young lady with the tously liaii-, the ungainly attitudes, the green complexion. and tlie prehensile tons ; so it was quite permissible to admire a girl who looked like the Goddess of Health. She was a parson's daughter; she hadn't a penny in the world. Sir John Tomlinson was the member for Batcliff Highway, and hud made pots of money by the adulteration of the poorman's beer-I beg his pardon, I take that back-I mean by his improve ments in the art of producing malt liquor of a superior description. Ho came, he saw, he conquered ; of course he did. They were married, they started on their honey moon ; and I went to Heme Bay for a fortnight in a huff, and wrote my celebra ted monograph on " SourGrapes." Xiiidv Tomlinson was nice, beautiful, aud, as we all know, as good as gold. She was by no means inclined to encourage society philanderers; and from, what those culled her "stand-off" way, gossip and scandal and small tallc, au&. private theatricals and music-halls, sho ".ot the reputation of being rather stupid. At any rate, in spite of hcrbeauty and her husbaud's millions, Gwendoline was not altogether a social success. Now, hus bands, as we all know, are brutal per sons ; they have a nasty trick of not mincing matters with their wives, and of calling a spade a spade. " Look here, Lady Tomlinson, said Sir John (he always called her Lady Tomlinson), " you don't shine in society : you're not a' dancing woman, nor a talking woman, nor a political woman, and you aiu't littery. 1 wish to heaven you'd develop some sort of individuality of your own, Lady Tomlin son." Lady Tomlinson retiredinstantly to her boudoir and had a good cry. Por three whole days did Ladv Tomlinson brood and meditate, and then she sent fox* Sir Pargiter, the painter. . Mr Pargiter hastened to present him self at Palatial Crescent, "W. " Mr Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson, '' I want to mint-I want to paint in " Oh. certainly, Lady Tomlinson," said Mr Pargiter; and he smiled, and rolled his eyes, aud rubbed liis hands, aud bowed. Mr Pargiter was too much of a "cntlemau ever to contradict a lady, be sides being a popular art teacher, with a highly aristocratic councction. therefore, hewo'uld have said " Oh, certainly, if Lady Tomlinson liad wanted to learn to dance on th e slack wire. " X want you to give me lessons, lilr Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson. "1 mean to exhibit at the 11 oval Academy, said Lady Tomlinson ; " I mean to be a distinguished amateur, and I want you to show me how. and give me lessons, ilr Pfl.rn,it6r« * "°bh, certainly," said Mr Pargiter. _ " Pi-av name "your own terms," said Lady To'mliuson : " expense is no object, but I want the whole thing to be a secret from my husband and my friends. Can \:-e begin to-morrow r " " Oh, certainly," said Mr Pargitercnce IU And then Lady Tomlinson handed Mr Pargiter a cheque for a substantialsum.and requested him £o attend tit ten o clock the next- morning with what she called the necessarv outfit. , Xextdav, at ten i>recisel\% a four wheeled cab containing Ml" Pargiter, a large easel, several canvases, numerous brown-paper parcels, and a lay figure. drew up at the Toiulinsons' house in Palatial Crescent. Mr Pargiter was shown at once into her ladyship s boudoir. . , " jSow. Mr Pargiter. said Lady Toinlinson, when she had welcomed the artist, " I should like you to paint me an ideal head." ,. Mr Pargiter stared at Lady Tomhuson and suggested that the usual , way was to begin by drawing from what he called ?'the round " in.charcoal. '. Mr Pargiter." said Lady Toudmson, " vou wouldn't refuse to oblige a lady. I'm sure I shall loam much more easily by seeing vou work. My idea, you know. was that vou should paint and I should look on-just at first, you know, till i get mv luiud in." - . ., , So Mr Pargiter began to paint tlie heail of.what he called a two-guinea rustic. Mr Pargiter was accustomed to dispose ot heads of this description to "Wug^les, the frame-maker and picture-dealer, for forty-two shillings. It would be label led : OlUGI-V.U. On PaTNTI^G, ltv PAKGITElt, 4s. " x want vou to leave the background till the verylast," said Lady Tomlinson. " Oh, certainiv," replied the artist. "Ibelieve you artists," said Ladv Tomliuson, " oftcnsuioke while you pamt. Are vou a suioker, Mr Pargiter ^ " I work twice as well when I smoke, said that gentleman ; and there was a knowing twinkle in l>is eye as lie said the words. , , Lady Tomlinson left the room: she returned with a box of Cabinet Parta Sa" These are what Sir John smokes," she said ; " pray make yourself at home, Mr Pargiter." , That gentlcnum took her at lier woia . he worked away for four hours at his rustic head, andhe smoked no less than seven choice cigars. Then he received T>eriiiission to depart; and as lie walked home he wondered considerably, for Lady Tomlinson had been engaged upon a the whole of the-well, lesson. " However, it's none of mv business," thought Mr Pargiter, who was a philo sopher: 11 and besides she makes it worth my while." It took ill-Pargiter four " sittings to finish that rustichend. "When it wasquite done, he remarked to Lady Tomlinson that there was nothing more to do than to smudge in a background ot burnt sienna. " ? " That's whero I come in," said Lady Tomlinson. "Ifyou'll do the edge of the background in all the little m-and-\ out places round the head, I'll finish it."' They carried out that simple pro gramme. "Now there's nothing left but to sign it, I suppose " said her ladyship. " Exactly so," said Mr P!irgiter ; and lie took a little squeeze of ivory black on the point of a small brush and was about to affix the magic name of Pargiter. ." Let me tryl" said lier ladyship. She took the brush from Sir Pargiter's hand, and in great sprawling letters she wrote in the right-hand comer of the i>icture, " Gwen. Tomlinson." " Madam," said Mr Pargiter, with » low bow, when she had finished, " you're a genius." And tlieii she placed an envelope in the artist's hand. " I can trust you, Mr Pargiter r " she said, in those soft, pur: ring; tones of hers. Mr Pargiter laid bis hand jii>oh liis heart, gave Lady Touilinsoa what looked very like a wink, and assured her, in solemn accents, that she collide Two days afterwards Lady Tomlinson ?was "At Home." I wis there; I am an art-critic by profession, you know. On a green plush easel, draped by a heavy cur tain of green plusli, stood the rustic head in an eight-inch gilt frame. I don't know what the head was worth, but the frame was clieup at a five-pound note. " "What do you think of it,' Mr Scor cher ? " bleated that innocent lamb, Lady Tomlinson, to me; " I've just got it home from my frame-maker's, and it's the first of my efforts that I've had the hardihood to show to my friends." I compared it to Greuze. I said it re minded me of Mme. "Vigfie le 13run, and _ various other artists. Next spring they hung it at Burlington House ; they hiuig that two-guinea Pargiter, and we all went into ecstasies at the private view. But the measure of Lady Toinlinson's iniquity was not yet full. She pulled down the wall-papers from her boudoir, and she decorated the walls of that apart ment with an extraordinary composition of trees, flowers, sunsets, wheut-sheaves, and good-looking children and girls,under the superintendence of the villain Pargi ter. Half London went to see it. Sir John Tomlinson is justly proud of bis wife. She is an artistic light now. She has only got to take a young artist by the hand and his fortune's made. "I'm very fond of Lady Tomlinson." said Mr Pargiter to me, the other day; " she throws a good deal of work in niy way." 