DUNROBIN CASTLE. A GRUESOME TALE. It would be difficult to imagine a more romantic spot than Dunrobin Castle, where the present Duke of Sutherland and his young duchess are now residing, pending the settlement of the painful dispute that is being waged over the late Duke's will, Placed high above the Moray Firth, and overlooking the wild North Sea, Dunrobin is a pile that seems to have grown out of the poet's dream. Yet it had stood there for hard on nine centuries the original home of the ancestors of the present family, now almost concealed by the modern buildings, the turrets and pretty pepper- castor painted roofs of the French style contrasting well with the sterner solemnity of the stout feudal Scottish fortress keep. It is generally held at Dunrobin that to see the castle at its best it has, like Mel- rose Abbey, to be viewed by moonlight, when the guest is, indeed, fortunate if he can induce one of the family to tell the gruesome story of the 11th Earl of Suther- land whose portrait, in Charles I. costume, is one of the canvasses that unfailingly at- tract the attention of all visitors. The tale, as told by Lord Ronald Gower, is well worth repeating when public attention is being turned so prominently to the doings of the Sutherland family. The 11th earl, it seems, and his countess were on a visit to a neighboring castle, belonging to Lady Isabel Sinclair. This lady's son would, after the death of Earl John and that of his son Alexander, succeed to the title and estates of Sutherland. Lady Sutherland was at the time enceinte. Now list to a tale that is enough to make the ghost of the Borgias or the Brinvillers jealous. The scene is laid at the castle of Helms- dale, now a blasted ruin, some 12 miles to the north of Dunrobin, and, like it, hard by the sea. Lord Sutherland and his wife were there poisoned with wine prepared by their hostess, Lady Isabel. Their son, Alexander Gordon, had been delayed join- ing his parents by the chase. When he arrived at Helmsdale late at night, it was to find his father and mother in death agonies, but able to conjure him to escape from the murderous clutches of his hostess. In this he succeeded. But this is not all, to make this tragedy complete the guilty woman's son, for whose sake she had mur- dered her guests, is given by mistake to drink the poisoned wine, and himself dies. Lady Isabel, convicted of her crime, also ended her tragic life on the day fixed for her execution, by her own hands, in the castle of Edinburgh, where she had been imprisoned. 