TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sir, — The discussion ancnt the Kilburn Sisterhood now proceeding in your columns discloses tho curious fact that some at least of the mouthpieces of Anglicanism in Sydney do not understand the teaching of tho Church to which they profess to belong. One of your correspondents, who signs him self 44 John Kent, assures us that ho has seen statements to the effect that tlio Kilburn Sisters hold the Roman Catholic doctrino of transubstantiation, that they inculcate habitual confession, and that they bind themselves bv curtain vows for life— and proceeds to moralise on these un-scriptural and anti-Protestant practices (according to 44 John Kent" and Co.) as follows: — 44If they (the sisters) do indulge in these Roman ising views and practices, it would be only candid and straightforward of them to say so — ftiiu let tneir true opinions on i-mpu matters bo known — instead of allowing certain utterly irresponsible newspaper cor respondents to try and mislead the public mind on this point." Mr. Kent characterises transubstantiation, confession, etc., as Romish errors in the concluding portion of his letter. Now, if transubstantiation bo an Anglican as well as a Romish doctrine, the Kilburn .Sisters arc only acting consistently iu teach ing it, whilo the members of tho Church of England who oppose it must either plead guilty to utter and absolute ignorance of the contents of their own Church manuals, or to a wilful desiro to blind the public to the real facts of the caso by falsely representing tho teaching of the Church of England to bo what it is not. Had Mr. Kent confined him self to the doctrines and discipline of his own church, my interference in the matter as a Roman Catholic would be entirely un called fo', but since ho has gono out of his way to stigmatise as Romish errors the very life-blood of tho Book of Common Prayer, it is only right and proper that his feeble blaze of Kentish fire should be extinguished by what a true Anglican is supposed to believe — tlio cool, regenerating waters of ovangelical truth, based on, derived from, and built on tlio unerring authorised version of the Biblo and the manuals comprised therefrom for tho instruction, edification, and, it is to bo presumed, eternal salvation of tho members of tho Anglican communion. First, as to transubstantiation or tho real prescnco. In the Book of Common Prayer, under the heading of 44 the order of the ministration of the Holy Communion " (15), tho priest is instructed to offer up tho fol lowing prayer, viz.:— 44 Wo do not presume | to conic to this Thy table, O merciful Lord, trusting in our own righteousness, but in Thy manifold and great mercies. Wc aro I not worthy so much as to gather up the crumbs under Thy table ; but Thou art tho same Lord whose property is always to havo I mercy. Grant us, therefore, gracious Lord, j so to cat the flesh of Thy dear Son, Jesus Christ, and to drink His blood, that our sinful bodies may bo made clean by His body j and our souls washed through His most itKzi.iiAiis Drt/nl ntiJ I fllllf. U'i» tllivv «» vor»»mi« dwell in Him and Ho in us. Amen." If this bo not the doctrine of transubstantia tion, I should very much like to know what it is. Anglicans aro fond of protesting that a spado should bo called a spade, and i not an agricultural implement. Will any I man who figures as an exponent of their doctrines condescend to enlighten poor, be- I nighted Catholics as to tlio scope, significa tion, and intendment of the foregoing prayer whoa uttered by a fully-ordaiucd cleric of the Church of England ? Is it transuhstan- ! tiatiou, or consubstantion, or iinpanation ? Is it real presence, or real absence, as a certain j correspondent irreverently terms it? Is the communicant bound to believe, or is ho not? If tho Book of Common Prayer bo right Mr. Kent is wrong, ami vice versa. Mr. Kent' is presumably a family man aud sends bis children to the Sunday school, where they are taught tho doctrines of tho Church, of England. These doctrines aro set forth in tho catechism published by the .Society for tlio Promotion of Christian Knowledge, which can bo purchased for one penny at tho Church Depot, Pitt-street, Sydney, hnncv Mr. Kent, who has no sympathy with Romish errors, in aii attitudo of rapt atten tion, listening to the Sunday-school teacher administering the following dose of popish paregoric to his son and heir : — Question.— 44 Why was the Sacrament of the Lords Supper ordained?" A. — 44 For the continual remembrance of the death of Christ, and of the benefits that wo receive thereby." Q.— " What is the outward part or sign of the Lord'sSuppcr ?" A. — 44 Bread and wine, which tho Lord hath commanded to bo received Q. — 44 What i3 the inward part or thing signi fied ?" A. — 44 The body and blood of Christ, which are verily and indeed taken and re ceived bv the faithful in the Lord's Supper. Q.— 44 What are verily and indeed takon and received in the Lord's Supper?" A. — 44 The body and blood of Christ." Was Mr. Kent thus instructed when a boy. If so, he must havo either misunderstood or for gotten his early training. However, it is never too lato to loam, and he can study the Book of Common Prayer and the Catechism with profit even now, since their contents, when properly assimilated, will, I am almost certain, nob only havo the effect of acquaint ing him with tho teaching of his own Church, but of inclining him to examine the claims of the first and only Church which ho and others are so fond of abusing and misrepre senting without a particle of proof for their absurd and mischievous misstatements. The prayer of consecration in the Book of Com mon Prayer is as follows : — 44 Almighty God, our Heavenly Father, who of Thy tender mciuy UlU Sl> 5l»vs JUIIIU uvouo Christ to suffer death upon the cross for our redemption; who made there (by His one oblation of Himself once offered) a full, per fect, and sufficient sacrifice, oblation, and satisfaction for tho sins of the whole world, aiul did institute and in Iiis Holy Gospel command us to continue a perpetual memory of that His precious death until His coming again, hear us, 0 Merciful Father, we most humbly beseech Thee, and grant that wc, re ceiving these Thy creaturesof bread and wine, according to Thy Son our Saviour Jesus Christ's holy institution, in remembrance of His deat h and passion, may be partakers of His most blessed body and blood, who, in the same : night that He was betraved took bread, and I when He had given thanks He brake it aud gave it to His disciples, saying, take, eat, this is My body which is given for you. Do , this iu remembrance of Mo. Likewise, after supper Ho took the cup, and when He had given thanks, Ho gave it to them, saying, Drink ye all of this, for this is My blood of the New Testament which is shed for you ami for many for the remission of sins. Do ; this as often as ye shall drink it in renicin- ; brauco of Me. Amen." Should Mr. 'Kent ' require scriptural proofs of transubstantia tion I would take tho liberty of directing his attention to tho following chapters and i verses in his own bible, namely Matthew I xxvi. 26, Mark xiv. 22-24, Luke xxii. 19, John vi. 51-52, etc., I. Cor. x, 16, xi. 24, 25, 27, 29. I Confession is the next flaw in the mission of | the Kilburn Sisters, according to Mr. Kent. Now, let us again consult the book of ' Common Prayer on this important doctrine, . and ascertain to our satisfaction what it I really docs teach thcrcanent. In 44 The 1 order of the Ministration of tho Holy Com munion," referred to above, the exhortation contains a passage which reads thus : — "And j because it is requisite that no man should come to the Holy Communion but with a full trust in God's mercy, and with a j quiet conscience, therefore, if there be l any of you who by this means I cannot quiet his own conscience herein, but rcqiiirclh further comfort or counsel let him j come to me or to some other discreet and learned minister of God's word aud open his ! grief, that by the ministry of God's holy word ho may receive the benefit of absolu tion, together with ghostly counsel, and advice to the guiding of his conscience and avoiding of all scruple and doubtfulness." Under the heading 44 The Order for the Visi tation of the Sick," is this instruction: 44 Here shall tho sick person be moved to make a special, confession of his sins, if bo feel his conscience bo troubled with any weighty matter. After which confession the priest shall absolve him (if lie humbly aud noarlily desire it) after this sort." (Then fol lows the form of absolution.) 44 Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to His Church to absolve all sinners who truly 1 repent and believe in Ilini of His great mercy, forgive the© thino offences, ami by His authority, committed to mo, I absolve thee from all thv sins, in the name of tho Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Anion." Judging tho Church of England by hor authorised aud recognised man$l of doctrine, she has been denouncing popery in tho pulpit and the press for over 300 years without believing one word of the foul, false, and malicious slanders uttered by tho men who protended to voice her opinions, her 19th century champions, class transubstantiation, and confession, with other so-called Romish errors, notwith standing the fact that she teaches these very doctrines herself. Can it bo that that which 1 is true when advanced by a Protestant is false whon advanced by a Cathqjio? Tho Auglican Church manual inculcates transub stantiation pure and simple; so does the Roman Catholic Church iu her spiritual literature. Is transubstantiation, therefore, a Romish error ? Tho Anglican Church teaches confession ; so does the Roman Catholic Church. Is confession, therefore, a Romish error ? This is only another phase of tho vagaries of Protestantism. It neither knows what it believes, nor teaches what it knows, and the natural consequence of this confusion of doctrine and ideas is that there are no less than six contending factions within the lacerated bosom of the Church of England, viz., High Church, Low Church, Broad Church via media, Anglican Catholics, and Latitudinarians, or persons who bolievo in any doctrine that promises temporal benefits hero and a life of everlasting happi ness hereafter, all agreeing to disagree on tho vital principles of Christianity, and thereby producing, according to themselves that soul- entrancing harmony of feeling and intention generally, so charac teristic of a family whose paterfamilias is without authority, and whoso members never cease biting, barking, and snapping at one another from year's end to year's end. Har mony among such a family would have about tho samo eil'cot on tho sensorium of a sen tient bein as a concert by the famous and fabled Kilkenny cats in tho throes of battle under the comluctorship of the champion grimalkin. As Mr. Kent may like to know that tho Romish error of confession is sup ported bv King James's Anthorisod Version, 1 beg him to refer to Numbers v, 6, 7, Matthew iii, 6, Acts xix, 18, James v, 16, also to Matthew xviii, 18, John xx, 22, 23, 1 John j, 9. When a Protestant desires to cseapo from tho difficulty in which these toxts of I Scripture place him, ho asserts with a chann- ! ing air of religious freedom and absolute kuowledge of God's views and intentions, that confession to God and not to man is the proper course. Ho forgcls that this argu ment contains a patent absurdity, and is, consequently, untenable, if God knows all things, omniscience must be one of His attributes. Knowing all things. Ho does not require to be told that a man sins, for He knows it already; therefore, when a man pretends to confess his frailties to his Creator, who is already acquainted with tlieni, his action involves a contradiction (if lie be a Christian), because God need not be informed of that of which lie is cognisant. Tin object of confession is, evidently, to enable t he iicnitcnl to become reconciled to God through tho ghostly counsel and advice of tho priest as to what it is, proper to do and to avoid, aud the proper reception of tho sacraments. Tho greatest ruffian in Sydney could confess his sins to God with a view of being forgivon and go on committing the samo sins (without dread of future punish ment) to the end of his lifo by confessing in this manner at intervals. It is plain that confession involves more than this, and that the penitent niuat confess his sins to God through the priest iu order that lie may be directed how to live a good, virtuous, and Christian life. Lastly, as to vows. Tlio vows of the Kilburn sisters arc, I presume, poverty, chastity, and obedience. Other wise, Mr. Kent cannot truly affirm that their vows aro a Romish error. Bishop Wilborforcc is quoted as an authority on 44 vows." I daresay that Mr. Kent, much as he admires the pronouncement of tho Bishop, would not think of pitting him us an authority against . the Protestant Bible. However, let us tako tlio caso as it stands— Wilbcrforeo v. the unauthorised version. 44 No one," says tho Bishop, 44 has without God's express appointment a right in my judgment to bind themselves for the future in such matter.-." These words would lead us to infer that vows arc not in accordance with God's ordinance. .Well, St. Paul must have known whether vows were or wero nob in strict conformity with God's will. No food Anglican would dream of denying this, f Mr. Kent will kindly read Acts xvin., 18, lie can see for himself that tho great Apostle of the Gentiles had a vow. I would also suggest to Mr. Kent the advisability of a careful perusal and study of 1st Tim. v., 12 ; Matthew xix., 11-12 ; Dcut. xxiii., 21 ; 1st Cor. i., 7-8-27-37-38-40, also verses 32-33-35; Matthew, xix., 27-28-29; Revelations xiv., 4\. If the taking of vows in St. Paul's timo was lawful, it cannot bo unlawful now. And if Christ thought fib to be poor, chaste, and obedient, even unto tlio death of the cross, there can be nothing wrong in those who desire to be His followers talcing up His cross and imitating His actions, though imperfectly. Tho only conclusion a Roman Catholic layman (like myself) can arrive at after reading Mr. Kent's lucubration is that Anglicans neither know nor care to know what Christ Caught, and must, if they study their own church literature, either submit to the authority of Christ's vicar and ' become obedient children of holy church, or join tho ranks of Atheism. There is no middle course — pursue Protestantism to its logical conclu- sion, and it is sure to land you in the slough of despond, in a mire of doubt, in a spiritual- Babel, and so on through its various stages to tho brink of unbelief ; one stop more, and you are permanently bogged in the sink of infidelity. What does an Anglican believe, if he believes anything ? He can believe what' he likes and yet be a sound Protestant. Can a man honestly believe iu frectrado and yet bean ardent protectionist ? Certainly hot, unless he sacrifices his principle for worldly gain. Can Anglicans who say that the con tents of the Book of Common Prayer aro popish, and still use it for instruction and edification, be honest in their religious con victions? Perhaps they believe the Church of Rome to be right, but that it would nob pay them to acknowledge it. — Yours, etc.. HARRY KORAN. 137Princc3-strccfe, Church-hill, August 24. 