FICTION. from It a til ib, American, and Otbar Parlodleal.» a savage" sister. CHAPTER XXV. MERELY A "WOMAN. When a soul has seen By the means of Evil that Good is Best, And, through earth and its noise, what is heaven's serene, » When-our faith in the same has stood the test ; Why, the child-grown man, you burn the rod, The uses of labor are surely done. -Robert Browning. Twilight wtB over the quiet autumn woods, where the soft stir of vividly coloured leaves was like the far echo of the waves lifting and falling along the beach under the sea-wall at Bachelors* Beatitude. Twilight and peace were soft upon the water and lawn ; a late sail on the horizon was purpling with the purpling night. Deep shadow lay along the piazza under the rustling vines, save the bright-red glow of cigars, where Price was sitting with his fi iends and guests. Walker Paling also was there at Price's earnest request. It was the evening fol- lowing the disclosure of the plot und plotters. " Well, by George !" said Ned Newton, after a long silence. " It seems to me that some Iive3 run along pretty smoothly and others, somehow, get all tangled up with jarring wheels of fortune and fate ! I never saw such a fellow as you, Price, with your good fortune and had !" "It's the way the world runs," said Morgan, laughing quietly ; " but it's not half bad, Neddie !" " And you couldn't have a good telling light with- out shadows, you know," suggested Curtis, in hiB soft voice, always fearful of ridicule. " The two, carefully used, make the best canvases." " You are an artist ?" queried Paling, courteously. He had never before met this young fellow with the soft voice and good-natured face.buthe honoured him as being one of Lee Price's friends-Lee Price, the man who forgot and forgave so much ! For still he scarcely knew whether he required great forgiveness or great pity. " I have a friend who is a promising young artist, Mr. Curtis. You would be pleased to meet her, I am sure." " I should be pleased to meet any of your friends," said Curtis, with considerable enthusiasm, for art waB everything to " little Phil," as his friends called him, " But I am really not much of au artist, Mr. Paling. I do it for amusement more than from any exalted hopes of fame." < " Yes ?" said Paling, still kindly courteous, though his thoughts were far from these friends or the present scene. " My friend works hard and studies hard because she has strong hopes, Mr. Curtis. Do you not think that hope always brightens and heightens life'« possibilities ?" "Always," Price affirmed, gently. "Hope and determination, Mr. Paling. The two are sure to succeed. "Determination is only another word for patience," said Dr. Graham, leaning forward to carefully remove the ashes from his cigar against the piazza- railing j " and patience never tires." " No," said Paling, in a low voice, knowing of what his friend was thinking. And then they fell into silence, thinking that was best. "To think," said Mayhew, presently, in an undertone to Hastings, as they sat a little removed from their host, " that this plot went on under our very noses. It is no more astonishing, I suppose, than that 'Gordon should turn out the villain instead of Conyers, but it is rather alarming to me Can one trust one's nearest friends ? Now, I shouldn't have been surprised at anything Conyers took it into his head to do, for I never did like him, but for Gordon, the faithful, the irreproachable-" " And to think," said Hastings, as, his friend paused, " that in spite of Graham' keenness, the real villain should have been discovered by his woman, this Mrs. Carmichael. It must be mighty bitter for him to remember ! It would be for rae, at least. To be outdone by any one is gall enough but when it comes to merely a woman-" " Even pretty Miss Polly, I suppose," retorted Mayhew, laughing, knowing very well that this same pretty Miss Polly had jilted Mr. Tom Hastings for young Doctor Graham. " Don't carry this prejudice too far, Tom ; you will get the worst of it if you do." " I fail to'see wh&t; 'Miss Ballard has to do with this," said Hastings, haughtily. " I thought that we were speaking of Mrs. Marmichael, Mayhew ?" " So wo were," said Mayhew, good-naturedly. " And, 'Emma,' another of the new- style detectives, Tom ! I shall be afraid to trust my own mother, next." " Humph !" ejaculated Hastings, contemptu- ously-Hastings was very bitter because he had had so little to do with this unmasking of plot. " Don't carry it to extremes, Mayhew. I was speaking of facts, and not conjecture. There's this Olive Price-or Paling's wife, as I just learn she is, a raging lunatic, cheating people with the idea that she was such a spiritual being as to soar among dead spirits and learn their will whenever Bhe would, and now accused of having hypnotized poor Gordon ! Fine woman, she !" " But she is altogether different from Mrs. Car- michael, Tom," said Mayhew, reprovingly. " Mrs, Carmichael saved Price's life, and we should not forget it. Ha doesn't." " No," said Tom, reflectively. " That wouldn't be like Price, Mayhew. , He never forgets a kind- ness, if he does forget an inqury. Why, he offered her the position of companion to his aunt, Mrs. Estabrook-she desireB a companion, he said-with a salary that would make you open your eyes. He learned, you know, that she is too independent to be dependent. She has plenty of rich relations, I understand,' but' is too proud to take their charity Give her credit for that, of course, you will say. Well, she hasn't yet accepted the position, and I don't know that she will, but the offer was like Price. Mrs. Estabrook took a fancy to her during her stay here, and made the suggestion to her nephew." !"T wonder often that he has never married never even fallen in love," said Mayhew, after a moment, gazing intently at the glowing end of his cigar, held lightly hetween his finger and thumb. "He's such a noble fellow, any woman might feel proud of his love." "I Bhould," said Hastings, with a short laugh, "if I were a woman, Dick-which, thank heaven, I am nofc."¡i " Hold on, Tom," said Mayhew, leaning forward, and laying his hand heavily on the arm of his friend's chair, speaking in a low^ but impressive, voice. " It's treason for yon to utter such a senti- ment as that in the presence of Lee Price. He honours women, as any man should, and I refuse to hear another word even from you." Hastings rose, shrugging his shoulders, tossing the end of his cigar out upon the lawn. "There's no use in our quarrelling over this, Dick," he said, carelessly. "You know my opinion of women. They're lovely creatures, and I wouldn't want the world to be without them ¡ but when there's anything special-like this-to be done, I think that it generally takes more than merely a woman to íceomplish it." "Because you have never proved a woman's power," said a quiet voice beside them. A slow, softly-modulated voice, but not Mrs. Carmichael's, as they at first believed. Lights had been set in tbe parlors, and a soft radiance sifted out between the lace drapery, upon the piazza. In this half-revealing light stood the woman. She had come upon the piazza from the side-steps, and passed Hastings and Mayhew with only these quiet words, pausing just withdrawn from Lee Price and those grouped about him. A magnificently-physiqued woman, with a command- ing manner, and snow-white hair lying softly against her pallid face, lighted by the flaming mid- night eyes. Paling recognised her instantly, and rose like one who had received a blow as though to defend his host. His face matched her own in pallor and his eyes flashed into hors. Silence fell upon the others, for instinctively they knew who this woman was. " And so you have followed me even hero. Olive" said Paling, in a gentle voice, reaching out his hand to her. He could be very tender with her, knowing the evil that had fallen upon her. She spread out her hands as though to push him from her memory, lifting her proud head haughtily. " I have followed you here-yes," she said, and there was a quiver of fury in her voice ; " but not because I love you, Walker Paling. No! I hat9 you ! I hate you and despise you ! Coward ! You dared not keep your promise to me ! You dare not live up to the preaching of your novel-your novel and mine! You feared to be your own hero -my hero-a world's great avenger ! I have come come to tell you how I scorn you ! I still refuse to be called your wife Pool that I was to take that oath upon me ! "And I have come to tell you"-she turned switfcly upon Price, who had also risen in repressed excitement, and was leaning toward her-they all were instinctively drawing closer around her-" I have come to tell you how I hate you-how I have always hated you-how faithfully I tried to inflict upon you the vengeance of Heaven for your weak- ness, your cowardice, your lack of spirituality! How I hate you !" f She brought her hands up, clasped, before his face, leaning toward him he lea ned toward her, their eyes irresistibly drawn to each other. Then, with a vacant laugh, she was turning away, when Price detained her. " Olive !" he said. She turned upon him in concentrated fury, as though sue would tear mm limb from limb like a wild tigress, and her hands were clenched now at her side. But as she would have spoken her physical strength gave way before this mad tide of passion, and throwing up her arms she fell upon the floor at their feet in convulsions. From these this woman never recovered. She died that night in the guest- chamber at Bachelors' Beatitude with the murmur of the beach waves drifting, in with the breeze, her husband and brother beside her ia tenderest pity, utterly for- getting the sorrow that they had endured because of her ; Doctor Graham doing all in his power to relieve her, and the minister, hastily summoned, offering such consolation as he could to a mind diseased. She fell asleep and died quietly, th<s change from life to death scarcely perceptible save to the physician's eyes, and for her and for them the tumult and passion of drama were at an end. " How beautiful she is ! said Mrs. Carmichael, softly, as she stood beside the coffin, with Mrs Leonard, lookiug upon all that was left of Olive Price. " No matter what one's life has been, there is a sweetness of peace upon all dead faces, Mrs* Leonard !" , " Yes," said Mrs. Leonard, sorrowfully. " Poor lamb ! Poor lamb ! But what was her suffering, Mrs. Carmichael-ever-compared with his ? There's no man living like young Mr. Price, Mrs. Carmichael-not one !" "And few women like this!" said Mrs. Car_ michael, very sweetly, as she turned away. And after the drama a new scene across the theatre of life. A pleasant scene, with soft lights and new actors with happier hearts and stronger courage to meaj; the whirU of fortune's wheels. The inner office at the Universal Information Bureau on Forty-second Street in New York city. The same pretty occupant of the huge chair, before the slow- burning grate fire, on the late autumn day. Nothing apparently changed, unless it were a more tender light in the bright gray eyes and an added gravity upon the red lips of little Lida Campbell, the independent proprietor of the offices. Miss Randall was once more peeping around the handsome screen at the occupant of the chair, in addressing her in her bright girlish fashion. ' " A lady and gentleman who desire to see you privately, Miss Campbell. Shall I bring them in." " Certainly," said Miss Campbell, smiling. '* I am still on the lookout for my fortune, Miss Randall, and every new visitor may bring it to me, you know." But it was remarkable what beautiful colour suddenly surged into Miss Campbell's cheeks, and how shy her pretty dark eyes grew before the astonished brown eyes of the gentleman just entering the room. " This is Miss Campbell ?" queried the gentle- man, hesitatingly. " It cah scarcely be, madam. I have mat Miss Campbell, and-pardon me-but she was older than you-and quite different !" A mischievous smile deepened upon the pretty lips; the gray eyes, under their shy white lids, sparkled with laughter. " But I am Miss Campbell-Lida Campbell, Mr. Price," she answered, softly. "You and Mrs. Estabrook find it difficult to believe j but if you will kindly be.seated I will explain to you." "But we thought-" began Mr. Price, bewil deredly. " That Miss Campbell was a nice old nurse." A very pretty voice Miss Campbell had, and oc- casionally she emphasized her words with gestures of her hands, and the story she told was intensely interesting if very sad, shadowing as it did more lives than one. She told them of her strange visitor and her errand and her fear for his safety, and the plan she decided upon to save him and her own quiet life. " I knew if the world found out my part in the affair, people would be constantly running here to ' see-it is the way of the world, you know-and I could not have endured that; so I masqueraded a little, and didn't think it so very unwomanly under the circumstances, do you, Mrs. Estabrook? At first I hesitated, but I knew that something must be done. When this new novel of Mr. Palinga came out I was sorry, for I believed that he wrote it under her influence-and I never Baw her power equalled in my life-and still I did not believe him guilty of wilful wrong. When they Doctor Graham and his friend, you remember brought him to your house, after charging him with complicity in the attempted crime, I was sorry still, but I could not speak until the right time should come. And then-the right time came !" " And we owe it to you-not to Mrs. Carmichael," said Lee Price, with quiet laughter in his eyes and a deeper kindness around his mouth. "And, although I was remarkably attracted to Mrs. Carmichael, I prefer you as you are," said Mrs. Estabrook, sweetly, with her hadd upon the woman's shoulder, as -they stood together at the door. "And I shall not be satisfied until I have you in my home." If Mrs. Estabrook considered Miss Campbell's conduct unwomanly, it is remarkable that she treated her more as her daughter than as merely an inmate of her household. If Mr. Lee Price, with his fine appreciation of womanhood, considered her unwomanly, it is strange that he became so in- terested in his aunfc'a companion. If Price's friends had any disparaging remarks to make regarding this pretty woman, they uttered them beyond his hearing or hers ! And so If Doctor Graham could marry wicked little Polly Ballard, with every prospect of happiness, was it impossible for Mr. Lee Price to marry little Lida Campbell with the like prospect, to leave the business on Forty-second Street to the little assistant, Miss Randall ! " If people will talk-" said little Miss Campbell, one day just baforc her wedding. " Why, they can only say good of you !" her lover finished, laughingly, his brown eyes upon hers. " Even if Mr. Hastings does call me-" " Being ' merely a woman' is above a man at his best !" retorted Price with a lover's belief in the lady of his heart. " And anyway Tom's going to marry Kittie Florence, so he may as well quit talking in this strain-he and the rest of the fellows !" " But I am glad," said Miss Lida by and by, very reflectively, with a charming, shyness about her eyes, " that Mr. Paling is to marry that pretty Miss Fitzgerald, the artist ! She is so sweet, Lee dear ! Women can do things if they try." "As you bave proved !" said Price with an eloquent after silence. And so the parting curtain behind the drama of a life was drawn aside to brightness and not the blackness of a soiled conscience or the haunting ghost of crime ! *u # # * * * But Doctor Oldham held firmly to his conviction of his friend's sanity. THE END. [The Tale " A Savage Sister" being completed as above, its place will be taken every Tuesday and Thursday with a Story entitled " GEOFFREY FAULKNER'S SIN," the interest of which is based on hypnotic suggestion.] 