A GHOST'S REVENGE. A GHOST STORY, BY J. GALBRAITH, (A KKW WRITBK.) It was a dismal evening. Heavy clouds covered the sky The aiv was full of damp ness, which hung like a veil ovec the flat marshy district through which the London | train was winding its way, like some huge fiery serpent, now pausing in its sinuous course, now darting forward with a writhe and ashriek, to vanish under a lurid ploud of steam. . J " Mallowby," shouted the hoarse voice of the porter " Mallowby." The door of a first-class Bmoking carriage was reluctantly opened and a solitary passenger alighted. " What a beast of a night 1" he muttered, hastily buttoning up bis fur-lined overcoat, «' and what a be&st; of a place!" peering dis contentedly across the low white railing | at the monotonous Btretch of snow- powdered fallow and pasture. " What on' earth has induced Forster to bury himself in such a deBolate hole!" , " Any luggage, . sir ? Two portmanteaus I and a guri-caso-very good, sir. Where for -the Rectory? The cart is just outside, through the gate on the left." Wifch'another malediction on the rawness of the atmosphere, the passenger from town picked his way across the sloppy platform and climbed into the dogcart which was in waiting for him. He was cold, hungry, and if the truth must be told, considerably out of tamper; and as ho splashed down the mile of muddy road which lay between the station and the village, Gerald Harrison was half inclined to repent his promise of spend ing a couple of days with his old college chum on his way to Scotland. A hearty welcome, a sherry and bitters, a roaring fire, and a hot bath went a long way to dispelling his ill-humour. The Rev erend Richard Forstr, now acting as hca tenons for the absent rector of Mallowby thoroughly understood the art of making his guests comfortable. _ _. " You will not have too much time, old ] fellow," he said, when he had conducted Harrison to bis room. " 'I am Borry to hurry you, but, dinner ia at half-past seven, ana I cannot well put it back because I haveasked another man His name is Granville. He has j lately come to the old Hall, and wo are going to shoot over one of his farms to-mor row»*' ® u( Twenty minutes later, when Gerald (with temperature and temper alike restored to their normal condition) descended to the library, he found his host, in earnest confab ulation with the visitor-a slight dark man, with an anxious rather worried expression, and and a trick of glancing nervously over liis shoulder. - "I give you my word, Forster" he waB say ing " that it is going on worse than ever. I can't vet a servant1 to sleep in the front of the I house, and if I were not ashamed of acknow ledging myself a fool, I would cut (tbe place to-morrow and go back to town.' The opening of the door put an end to the discussion. Forster 'changed the Bubject by introducing his guests, and as dinner was almost immediately announced, the conver sation fell into general channels-such as the Irish question, pheasant-rearing, and the chances of an open season. It struck Harrison that Mr. Granville had all the appearance of a man who has recieved some severe mental shock. Though he talked intelligently and even well, it was evident that his attention was never wholly given to the subject in hand. 'He seemed to be con tinually listening; for some expected sound and once, when footsteps were audible on the ] gravel without, he started violently and turned as white as a sheet. " It is only Kenwell bringing back the keys of the church," remarked Forster. " He has been |taking choir practice for me this j evening. There is the bell." A servant answered the door, and the foot steps died away again accompanied by the distant clash of the iron gate. Gran ville sank back in his chair with a long bveath of relief. He had let his cigar out, and now looked round for a light. Harrison offered bitn. a match > and^ as the elder man took, it he could feel that his hand was cold and shaking. The evening passed m pleasant desultory chat. At eleven o'clock Granville rose. '« Will you order my cart ?" he said. Then in answer to his host's demur, he answered nervously, " Don't tempt me to stay, Foster; it only makes matters worse, Yes I know it is quite early and all that; but they will take ten minutes to put the horse in, and," with a ghastly attempt at a smile " I am like Cinderella, I must be indoors bejore midnight. You will come up early to-morrow, and of course you both lunch with me. I would ask you to dine as only-only I ana not good company in my ! own house now." v " T1 f Forster's hand was on the bell. He 1 paused, and looked keenly into his friends T ^Don't go back, Granville," he said 1 earnestly. ." Let mo tell your man that you will stay the night here. I can easily put y°'« No thanks, no," with the nervous haste of one who fears that hia resolution may fail him. I cannot do that. After all 1 have said, I dare not show the white feather to the servants. They would think me a fool: but my God; they don't hear it as I do Tell them to bring the cart round Forster. For pity's sake man, don t waste fcime 1 It is ten minutes past eloven already. The order was given. As the minutes wore on Granville became increasingly nneasv. He could not restrain his reBtless anxiety to be off, and it was a relief to every one when the grating of wheels outside announced that the trap was in- readiness. Forster accompanied him to the door, whither Harrison presently followed. .' It is not much of a night, he commen ted, peering out into i'M.1 darkness. " Your friend will have n <. .. Mi drive. Forster was standing ou luo slop. « Hush !" bo said, holding up his hand. .« Listen ! ho is galloping." Prom the old grey tower on their left cbimed the half-hour, and, as the i^otes died away, they could hear the receding rattle of a cart being driven at a furious pace along the road below. " He must be cracked to drive at that rate in the dark," cried Gerald, as the clatter of hoofs grew fainter and finally died away. " It will be more by luck than by management if be doesn't upset at the first corner. What is the matter with him Dick-does he drink or is he oft bis head?" " Neither at present. He thinks his house is haunted, and it is getting on. his nerves." " Oh, ho must be cracked, then," with an easy decision. . . No one but a lunatic believes in ghosts in these days. Accept the possibilities of terrestrial elementaries and left-hand magic if you like; but the commop or garden ghost, never." " There is something queer about the old Hall, though," persisted Forster. " I do not believe that any consideration you could offer could induce a Mallowby man to sleep there alone. The place has a bad name. It stood empty for years before Granville bought it. He spent no end of money in repairs and furniture too, which' makes it additionally hard on him to ;be driven out by-" " A ghost," concluded Harrison with a shout of liughter. "My dear Dick, it is too absurd. Let us exorcise the place. I will back my six-Bhooter at thirty- feet against any combination of goblins and blue fire. We will arrange a match to-morrow. Fifty pounds aside, to be paid in material currency only. Gome, admit now that the thing is a huge joke." " It is a goqd deal more like death to Granville," returned Forster seriously. " His nerves are regularly gone to pieces. He is not like the same fellow who came down in the autumn." " Have the ghosts been trying to evict him over since ?" " Sounds weak, I dare say," Dick answered, " but I am inclined to believe, Gerald that there is more in it than meetB the eye. Last October Granville was every bit as sceptical as you are. If he heard anything he treated it with contempt. When the servants complained of mysteri ous noises, he laughed them to scorn. You saw for yourself that he does not laugh at it now. He told me this evening that these \- these - manifestations are of nightly occurrence. I am afraid it is taking serious effect upon his health. I wish I bad kept him here to-night." " Oh, he will be all right," said Harrison lightly, " Funk is a deuced unpleasant complaint, but it don't often kill. Twelve o'clock; I think I'll be turning in. This time to-morrow, I suppose, we shall be ?wishing each other a happy new year." But the glad new year was destined to be ushered in by no hearty shaking of hands, no joyous congratulations at Mallowby Rec tory. In the grey dawn of the December morning Harrison was awakened by the flashing of a candle before his eyes. Forster 'wasstanding beside the bed, with a pale and horror-stricken face. " Gerald," he said hurriedly, " will you get up at once ? I went you to come with me to the Hall. Something terrible has happened. Poor Granville is doad." "Dead!0 repeated the other blankly, " Dead! Why he only left here at eleven.". " I know that. Seven hours ago he was here, only seven hours ago, and now they are carrying his body up from the pond where it was found. Why did I not keep him ?" he cried, pacing the room in great agitation. " Why did I let him go back to the accursed house ? I knew his mind was unhinged by what he had heard there. Poor fellow! poor Granville ! and|now it is too late." Harrison was already out of bed. ^ .'I will be downstairs in five minutes,' he said. . " Of course, I know particulars, but has any one thought of sending for a doctor?" Forster caught eagerly at the implied | hope. ! " Some one shall go for Mr. Tilling at once," he said, hurrying out of the room. It was a relief to be able to do something but long before the surgeon arrived they knew that his services, would be useless. Death had sealed the master oi Bavensbill for his own. The cold and rigid limbB refused to respond to the Revivifying influen ces of hot blankets and artificial respiration. . Harrison was of opinion as be assisted in his frantio endeavours to restore some semb lance of life, that poor Granville had died several hours. ' (To be Continued.) 