THE DAY OF REST. FEAR AND TRUST. [By Key. W. J. hocking. B.A.] Preached in All Saints' Church, Tnfnell-park, N., London. " What time I am afraid I will trust in Thee."— Psalm lvL B (B.V.). I have spoken to you on previous occasions of those assurances given to us in the Bible of on over ruling Providence. I have tried to point out to you the relation of the Divine promises of help to the practical economy of life; how far they affect us in the working out of our life's destiny, and in the meeting of the many exigencies and contingencies that beset onr pilgrim path. I have endeavoured to impress upon you the fact that the Divine care over ub and the Divine feeling towards us do not in any way affect our individual duty, responsibility, and accountability; that Divine Providence does not mean Divine interfer ence with natural laws; that Divine love never frustrates natural consequences; that God's help was never intended to supersede our own energies, and that miracles are not along the line of Divine ministrations to human needs that were meant to be met by human agencies. And yet who that bnowB his Bible does not know that over and over again there is a promise of Btrength according to the days, of grace according to the time of need, and of help when human succour fails? Who has not read of " casting all your care upon Him, for He careth for you?" Who has not heard those heavenly strains, "O rest in the Lord and wait patiently forBim?" Who has not sat at the feet of the Master and heard Him say, "Have faith in God 7' Human experience tells ua that these promises and assurances are not air- bubbles blown out by the breath of pious mendicity. Over and over again human history tells us of their reliability. Bnt I want to-day to ask what tbe thought of an over-ruling Providence is to us; what tbe revelation of God's pater nal character on our lives; what effect it has upon our conditions and onr tempers. Have we yet risen to the Psalmist's calm confidence? Ib not life full of passes in which the Divine pro mises fail to assure ns? Are we not tbe creatures of circumstances which seem to undermine onr trust, and the subjects of contingencies which seem to mock onr faith? Have not our "advanced views" robbed us oi the sweet peace which pos sessed the souls of our forefathers, and our blind unbelief shot out from view tbe white-winged angels which they saw descending and ascending on God's ladder of love? " What time I am afraid." Alas I those times are many, and we have not the faith which should take ns to the sheltering wings of God. Let me speak of three causes of fear and unrest, and the trust which should remove them. FEAR FOR THE MORROW. There is first the fear which arises from a contem plation of possible exigencies and contingen cies in tbe future of our life's temporal economy. There are but few men and women in the world who have such an implicit faith in God, and in God's care for them, that the; can rest fearless and without anxiety. They look forward and wonder how they .will be able to meet certain difficulties, how resist certain temptations, how perform certain onerous duties. Where one can sing— " I do not ask to see Tbe distant scene; one step enough for me," a hundred are bowed down with anxiety, worry, carfcing care, and the restlessness of doubt. I am perfectly sure that underneath the placid face and the serene smile that sits on many a brow there is much fear and alarm as to the future. What is the remedy for this? What is there that will give a man peace? My answer is—'Trust! TruBt in God, HiB wisdom, Bis love. His Fatherly care, His plans, and Bis purposes! I believe that most of the pro mises of the Bible are tabulated human experiences; records of what those have felt who have leaned upon God. When Moses prophesied of Asher, "As thy days so shall thy strength be," he was but giving assurance of that which he had already experienced. The Psalmist says" I have been young and now am old, yet saw I never the righteous forsaken nor bis seed begging bread." When Isaiah wrote:—" They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength," be doubtless gave expression to the feeling that possessed his own spirit. He had tried for himself, and knew the verity of that which he attested. May we not say, too, that the words of our blessed Lord are the ebullient outflow of His own life and feeling? " Tour Heavenly Father knoweth." How that fact hnng over His life like a bright sun that no cloud |of earth could ever hide or dim 1 And when He Bays: " Take no thought—i.e., be not over anxious—" for the morrow," was he not preaching to others that which was the ruling principle of His own Spirit? Implicit faith in His Father's loving care kept His soul in perfect peace. He was tbe very incarnation of the promise, " Thou wilt keep Him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on Thee, because He trusteth in Thee." No worry, no corking care, no fretful impatience, no anxiety ever rested on Bis face; it was as serene as the starry sky that watched His night vigils; calm as the breath of the evening which bore aloft Bis even song, and played around His lonely altar of prayer. If no other hnman experience testified to us of the restfolnesB of the spirit that reposes on God, He alone would suffice to show us how blessed is the man that trusteth on Him. But His disciples who learnt of Him, and caught in some measure the calm quietude of His life attest tbe same fact. St. Paul also says, "Be careful for nothing; but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanks giving let your requests be made known nnto God. And the peace of God . . . shall keep yonr hearts and minds:" And from that day to this millions acting on that advice have found the peace which passeth all understanding. If there is one phaee of the teach ings of tbe Bible that has been more attested by human experience than another, it is the assurance that trust in God is the secret of strength, serenity, and peace. Why, then, shall not we trust Him for those things over which we have no control? Why cannot we be content to leave the fntnre in His hands ? Do we imagine that He will withdraw His hand from the government of human things all at once ? that now in these latter days He will say to humanity—1" Stand alone, I am no longer the Baler of tbe world, no longer the stay and support of the sonB of men?" My mothers, blot God ont of the firmament of human life and verily It is a black canopy, nnstudded with even a star. Shut him ont of human experience and life begins in a muddle and ends in confusion. Deny His over-rnling, nnderguidiug power, and human existence fs a questionable good and hnman career a hopeless pnzzle. But God still rolls the wheel of time, and stiU evolves the destinies of men. He is behind all events and before all contingencies. He is above the cloud and below the waters. UnBeen by human eye He is yet near, walking by the sons of men, and guiding their steps to tbe distant city and to the heavenly land. Say, then, O ye timid ones, ye sorrowing ones, ye foreboding ones, ye anxious ones, " What time I am afraid, I will trust in Thee." It shall not be given yon to see what lies beyond, but it shall be given yon to stand securely and to walk unfalteringly. Yours shall be tbe days that have their strength apportioned to their need. Yon shall rejoice in the Lord, and the joy of the Lord shall be your strength. I I cannot see with my small hnman pight Why God should lead this way or that for me; I only know He says," Child, follow Me." But I can trust. { I know not why my path ehonld be at times So straitiy edged, so firmly barred bRfore; I only know God could keep wide tbe door. But I can trust. I cannot tell why suddenly the storm Should rage so fiercely round me in its wrath; I only know God watches all my path, So I can trust. Blessed is the soul that can sing that on life's high places! To him shall be given the rest of God; in his heart shall abide the peace of eternity. THE DREAD OF DEATIT. Another great cause of fear is the fact of death, \ God bBS bo constituted us that the very elements ot life stand in battle anay against the elements that produce death. It is natural, and in perfect har mony with God's purpose in ns, that we shonid cling to life; and bv so uracil as we cling to life, by that mnch do we'fear death. The first and perpetual desire of all living thing is to be, and to remain in leing, consciously aud sentiently. Death, therefore, presents itself as onr enemy. The word lias chill in it, like the breath of the east wind; its utterance chokes us like,the utterance of a great grief. We flee from every evidence of it as from a ghost, and turn from all its mementoes as from spectres that would haunt us. To but few is it given naturally to contemplate death with calm ness, with expectancy, and with hope. Where the calmness exists it is the result of long schooling and of much discipline. To most men the thought of dissolution is a source of pain, the act of dying an experience that they dread. The fear of death holds the whole human race in bondage. And perhaps the two feelings in regard to death that most contribute to this fear are the loneliness and uncertainty that inevitably belong to It. "I shall die aUme," said the great Pascal. Whatever the companionships, whatever the friendships that tend to make life sweet, and onr pilgrim path happy, these cease at death. No one can be with us then. In all loneliness, and in utter solitariness, we go on an unknown journey, to an unknown land. Nothing Is so distressing to the human spirit as solitude, ana when solitude is overhang with darkness it is then full of awfnlness. And it is the awfnlneBs that comes from the solitude and darkness of death that makes ns shrink from it. We cannot contemplate it without fear, we cannot look forward to it without a shudder. What is the panacea for this fear? What 1s there that can allay the unrestful dread that disturbs our peace? My answer is "Trustl" Trust in Ood— flnd'e tivouiittpA Anil's ona^Aitiinir hnnd If therfi Via God's presence, God's sustaining band. If there be a Providence watching over ns in life: if it be true that God iB the God of the living, and that all live to Him; if that God bo the Father of men as the New Testament asserts, and if His Fatherly love extends to the details of the life of His children, is t not reasonable to suppose that some provision or onr need in the hour and conflict of death s made for ns? that His Providence will open ihe gate of death for ns and guide ns through? that His care for us will be as manifest then as now? For myself 1 would say that life without God were more awful than death; and the very fact that He is with us, and in us, and above us, and beneath us now, onght to be an assurance that when we most need Him we shall most have Him; and that in our direst extremity His strength and snpport will be most manifest. I cannot but think that could those who have passed the flood hear testimony they would say that there was a presence with them which supported them —a guiding band which piloted them into the haven where they would be. I do not know what that presence may mean; I cannot tell in what way it is felt; no one has ever returned to make known to us the grand secret; no one has been commissioned to say fu what way God sustains the sou] when it throws off the earthly house of its tabernacle. But to suppose anything but His help, Bis succour, His snpport, His upholding power, is —' ioence, andt to undo the fact of Bis providence, and to make HIb fatherhood a lie. Does He care foi the spar, row falling before the arrow of the fowler and not care for the dying cry of the men who are His chil dren ? Does a mother watch over her child all day— fondle it, nestle it in her bosom, teach it, protect it, uphold it—and then leave it alone when the darknesB comes? Suppose ye that God—who is the strength of our life, in whom we live and move aud have our being, upon whoso arm we lean, and to whose love we turn for succour—will guide us all the day of this brief life, and when the night of death comes on leave us to cry in the dark ? Does a captain steer his ship's course across the stormy sea, ever watchful against collision, ever alert against tho engulpbing waters, and then when Blie is tanning into harbour leave her to the mercy of wind and wave? Think you that God will conduct us o'er the tempestuous sea of this billowy life, and then, when near the shores of the other land, let go the helm and leave us to drift alone? Nay, verily; He will bring us safe into port. Avery man, therefore, who fears death may say—" What time I am afraid I will trust in Thee." And that trust shall brood over the soul, a very angel of peace. Listen to the man who said, " Blessed are all they that trust in Him." "Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil, for Thoa art with me. Thy rod and Thy staff they comfort me." Is not that the peace of asnns&t; unruffled by Btorms: purple, crimBon. and gorgeous gold, bedecking the western sky with glory as well as with calmness and serenity? Listen to Him who taught the world to be without anxiety. When He came to the final pass He said, with unfaltering lips and unshrinking courage, " Father, into Thy bands I commend My Spirit." Surely, then, His Father was there 1 He fell out of the arms of the flesh into the bosom of God. Have faith in God! He shall swallow up death in vic tory, and make the outgoing gate the door of admission to the foil vision of His own presence. AFTER DEATH. There is one other fear which I would mention, and that is in regard to the destinies of the future life. All who believe in the Bible believe in immortality. In language that no criticism can shake, that no doubt can silence, it asserts the doctrine of life beyond death, of destinies beyond the grave. To admit, therefore, the anthority of the sacred Scriptures is to admit the doctrine of a future state and of destinies in that state corresponding to the character of those who pass from hence thither. Zn terms clear and unmistakable they speak of the abodes of the righteous and of the wicked, of a heaven and a hell—a place of felicity and a place of pain. This revelation, moreover, corresponds with our conception of the fitness of things. If there be a future state, for which this life is a probation, and to which it is but an introduction, then there ought jbo be something to differentiate the righteous from the wicked, the just from the unjust. The righteousness of our Creator and onr Judge would assure us that such will be the case. The revelation of Jesus assures us that such is the I am perfectly certain that in many most devout souls these facts are a prepetual source of anxiety and pain. They ask, Where will my destiny be ? Shall ! be numbered with the blest, or rejected with the lost When the thrones shall he set and the books opened, what will be the verdict that 1 shall hear? When the final sentence is pronounced— "Come, ye blessed," or "Depart, ye corned," on which side shall I be found? Momentous Questions! Awful issues! Tremendous thoughts! cannot wonder that they make men anxious. The wonder is that, living aB we do on the threshold of eternity, we are not more concerned; that we do not more frequently ask, " Whither am I going?" When we do think at all there are two thoughts that conspire to make us afraid—the thought of our sin, and the thought of God's holiness. Every man carries about within him a consciousness of guilt. To recognise Divine Law is to recognise that weare breakers of it. To have a right conception of God's moral government is to say, " All we like sheep have gone astray: we have turned every one to his own way." So great is the delinquency, so awful is the chasm between God and us, that we are afraid to meet Him. Is not that fear sometimes dominant in your heart ? Are you not often afraid of missing the Srize that you long for, of tailing to attain to that eaven for which yoa hope, and of which yen fondly dream? Deep down in every heart I believe there are elements of this fear. No man can think of im mortality and of heaven as the abode of the righteous and as the dwelling-place of God without feeling that he is unworthy; and the feeling of on- { worthiness is snre to generate fear. To whom at snch moments shall the human heart turn? Whither, at such times of foreboding, shall we flee for succour! To God, the Father of our Bpirits. Here, too, "Blessed Is the man that trusteth in Him." Whatever of felicity, whatever of benediction, whatever of progress there is in the future state surely shall be for the man whose trust is in God. Every soul that turns to him with the cry, "Father, I have sinned;" every heart that yearns for his forgiveness shall have refuge and peace on earth, snail have a welcome home in neaven. Even the prodigal, with the dust of (or travel on his feet and the stains of the swineherd on bis garments, shall have a Father's greeting and shall be entertained with the music and the feasting of home rejoicings. Fear not, 0 soul, to leave thy future in God's hands. Thy Father loves thee. He knows thy weakness; He has seen thy tears, and heard thy cry for bread in the far-off land. For thy sins He has pardon. For thy frailties, pity. For thy wanderings, sorrow. For thy shame, restitution. For thy transgressions, the merciful rod of love. O, trust in God I That is a safe passport to His pre sence; a sure promise'ol his smile. Whatever nell may be, wherever it may be, itcannot be for those —1.1 Hi™ ug, will hum mamr—tTn will , who trust Him. "He will have mercy—Ho will I abundantly pardon." What time I am afraid, therefore, I will trust. Jnlife. with the poisonous arrows flying around mo, with the storm beating upon me and the lowering skies black o'er my head, I will trust and say, "It is better to go with God in tho dark than go atone in the light" In death, with the dark valley conironting me, and the shadows banging black and threatening o'er its entrance, I would say, " will fear no evil, for Thou art with me, and Thou, in Thy mercy, wilt lead me home." What though ' " The life to be Is still the unguesaed mystery: Unsealed, unpierced the cloudy walls remain. We beat with dream and wish the soundless doors in vain. " Vet faith beyond our sight may go. . . . The gracious Fatherhood Can only know—above, below— Eternal purposes of good. From our free heritage of will The bitter springe of pain and ill Flow only in all worlds. The perfect day Of Cod is'ebadowless, and love is love alway." Beyond that—for life or death, for immortality or eternity—I do not wish to know or see. " I have no power to look beyond the tide, To know while here tbe land beyond the river, Bnt this I know—I shall be God's for ever. So I can trust." 