IN DEATH'S VALtEY. (ffiOM TnR ' SA.U FbAKCIBOO CHEC-KICI.K.WJ Death Valley 1% known as the region of the lowest depression in the world, hesides claioiing the flattering appellation of being the hottest place on earth. U is also 430ft below the level of the s?a. The Tallcy is 75 miles Jodk and from eigbtto fifteen miles wide. On the east the valley is bounded by the Funeral Mountains, which atttin an ele vation of from 6000ft to 600014; and on tbe west it is encloied by tbc I'dnamlnt Hinge, which reaches a hefghth of from 8000ft to 10,000ft, We arrived at the entrance vr level ot Death Valley and from this point saw for the first Lime a eandetorcn. When vre eaw it the northern part of tbe valley wrs obscnTed in a brownish colored cload, which gradually thinned outnntil it crossed the entire vailed Never at any moment did it entirely obscure the nan. which looked like a mere ghost c£ it-self, Tbe cloud moved with great velocity in onr direction bnd co^n advance nnners or hot poffa of wind reached ua. On arriving at the end of Furnace Creek waeh w eaw the sandsturm in tbe northern part of tbc valley. This was shortly alter snnrJs?. Tbe entire horizon and eky were obscured by the gun* and gravel, which w- re buoyed in an attnoBphcre oppressively hot and sURinp. Goon vg were enveloped by a He nee cloud ot oand, and occaelotnlly as a stronger pnrl of wiudc^me grAvel and even small rooti weio hnrled in onr f iom. We covered onr beads with blankets, and the mules inetioctivelv tnraa-] their fcAJJfl In thp wint.. With &l;} these precaatione we did not eesapc, for my guide'fl face nnd my own beca-nn badly bruised and lac-ra'ei. In oar exposed por tion we experienced hll 1hi- fury of tbls | desert simoon, and as the winds travelled ' across the alkali sink they increased in heat to each an extent tbat bre&t;&iag; bscsmt] a matter of difficulty, This ctorm tasted two days, and in all Ibis lUe it wjc impossible here for tbat poriui, being enable to liuht any fir^s ot pr^^aTc racftls. Mo»iof .Mb Ume we were covered with blankeU and literally BtarreJ. I ccrer vrtot to undergo that ordeal again. This was in tbe fall. The puffs of wind were bo Intensely bo: and snifocating that they can be likened lo blasts from a furnace, and Beemed to draw tbe very breath from our boiies. Tqu storm pilcl the eaod nrouod our waggon anri covered everything. Qectulon&llv; looking down into Ibe valley, we could kx a lar^c e&nd; auger or spoat wdllzia.; hither anri thitber over the country, carrying tlie eand ana a'Ktii aasi uigu into me bit. xaongu this sturtn wss ezcecllngly severe to a novice like myself, it ie ir.compM.iMe to th oo ce that sweep over this country iu midd.'e Bummer. In July or August, with tbe ther mometer registering fram ISO to 137 degrees in the shade, it wou'd be impamble for any creature to exist JnitevenforBnhour. After j having pais:d safely through tbis sandstorm we csntiqued onr purney, and I raaie a j thoroogb inapectioa of tbe valley, There 1b i mnch of Interest to bo told, bat owing to the absence of mnch of tny d&U; and etalit tics 1 would not veninrc to give you a description of onr observations, ss many of them are based on BcieauGi exauiin^ttoos and tests. 