THE SORCERESS. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. CHAPTER XLVII. Bee had passed the whole day with Charlie, tho Friday of the dinner party at Portmun- Bquarc. Sho had resisted as long as alio could writing tho letter which had brought ; so much excitement to Jietty, and the pas- fiion with which lie had insisted upon this, the strugglo between them, the vehemence with which ho had declared that he cared for nothing in the world but to sue Laura once again, to thank liar for having pleaded for luin with his father, to 'ask her forgiveness for his follies — had been bad for Charlie, who lay for the rest of tlio day upon the sofa, tossing from him one after the other tho novels that were provided for his amuse ment, declaring them lo be 44 rob" or 44 rub bish," prowling at his sister when she con tinued to speak to him, and reducing poor Bee to that state of wounded imbecility which is the lot of those who endeavor to please an ntiplcasable invalid, with tlie con viction that all the timo they are doing more harm than good. Bee was not maladroit by nature, and she had the warmest desire to be serviceable to her brother; but it appeared that she always did the wrong thing, nob only in tho eyes of Charlie, but in those of the nurse who came in from time to time with swift movements, bringing subordination and quiet where there had been nothing bub irritation and resistance. And in this house, where she had been brought entirely for tho service of Charlie, Bee did not know what to do. She was afraid to leave the rooms that had bean given up to him lest she should meet Home one on tlio stairs, or bo Beet), only to be avoided, as if Iter presnnne there was that of a ghost or an enemy. Poor Bee — wearing out tho long hours of the spring nftcrnoon with poor attempts to lie useful to the invalid, to watcli his looks (which lie re sented by frequent adjurations not Lo watch him as a cat watches a mouse), to anticipate his wishes (which immediately became the last thing in the world he wanted as soon as she found out the drink or gob tlie paper for which he was looking)— heard, or thought she heard, steps coining to the street door, subdued voices in the hall, comings and going half stealthily, noises subdued lest she should liear. What did it matter whether she heard or not ? Why should tlie master of the house be banished that she, so in effectual as sho had proved, should be brought to her brother's side? .Sho had nob done, and could not do, any good to Charlie ; ali that she had done had been to remind hitn of Miss Lance, to be tlie medium of calling that disastrous person, who had done all the harm, back into Charlie's life — nay, of bringing her back to this house, the inmates of which she had already harmed to tlie utmost of her power. That was all that had been done by Bee, and now her presence kept at a distance tlie one individual iu the world who had the best right to lie hero. He came almost secretly (she felt sure) io tlie door in the dusk to inquire after his patient, or to gcL his letters; or stole, iu subduing his step, that she might not be disturbed. Poor Bee ! It was very bilior to her to think that Aubrey Leigh" should leave his own 'house because sho was there. .Some times sho wondered whether it was some remnant of old, almost, extinguished feeling in his breast whieh had made 'him think that the sight of Bee would do Charlie good — tlie siahb oi Bee ior which her lumber did nob care at all, not ab all : wmcli was ati annoy ance and fatigue to him. except when she had betrayed what was too nisi thimr m the ivorld sho should have betrayed, the possibility of seein'.r icrain that woman who had harmed ihein all. Il j'.ubrev had thought so, with some remnant, of the old romance, how nuslaken he had been ! and it was intolerable n»r the eirl to think that .or the sake ot tins unsuc cessful experiment no had been sent, awav from Ills own hon-o. ."-ho placed herself iu the corner ol tin: room in whieh Charlie (to whom she was supposed to do good ami bring pleasure) could see her le::!., and bitterness filled her heart. There were times in which she thoucnt of stealing away- leav ing a word for Mrs. Leivh to I he eilect that she was doing Charlie no good, and that Betty, who would conn; to-morrow. mndiL icrhaps be of more use— and returning for- orn to Km!: warden to renew ;im old life, where perhaps nobody wani'-d her very much, but where, at least, there were so many things which sho ami no one else was there to do. .She wars mill in thia depressed slate when Mrs. Leigh (who had evidently gone awav also that the brother and sister might be nlonc and happy loiM'thur) < :une buck, look ing into Charlie's room to ask how lie was on her way upstairs lo dress for dinner. 44 Belter," the nurse said with her eye- ..brows. 44 Peevish— young lady mustn't cross him — must be humored— things not gone quite so well to-day." 44 You will tell me about it at dinner," uaid Mrs. Leigh, and Bee went dowmuairs with a heavy heart to be questioned. Aubrey's mother looked cheerful enough. She did not seem to be unhappy about his absence, or to dislike the society of the girl who had driven him away, and she wan very considerate even in her questions about the. patient. " Wo must expect these fluctuations," sho said, 44 you must not be east down if you are not quite so triumphantly successful to-day." 44 Oh, Mrs. Leigh, I am deceiving you. I have never boon successful at, all. He did not want me — he doesn't care for me, and to stay hero is dreadful, upsetting the house — doing no good." 44 My dear, this in a strange statement to make, and you must not expect me lo holKvo you in the face of facts, lie was much betLer after seeing you last night.'1 44 Doing no good," said Boo, shaking her head, 44 but harm, oh, real harm ! Il was not I that did him good ; it was telling hint of someone — of a lady. Oil, Mrs. Leigh, how am I to toll you ?" 44 My dear child ! anything thai you your self know can surely bo tola to me. Wo ! were afraid that something about a woman was at the bottom of it, but then that is always the tiling 'that is said ; and lyphoid, you know, moans bad drains and not a troubled mind — though tho one may make you susceptible to the other. Don't be so distressed, my dear, ft serins more lo your inexperience than it is in reality. He will get over that." "ivirj. Leigh," said Bee, very pale. 44 lie lias made nio write to ask her to conic and see lum here." It was uov/ Mrs. Leigh's turn to change color. She grew red, looking astonished in I the girl's despairing face, | 44 A woman to come and sec him, here ! but your brother would never insult tin; ! house, and you — I am talking nonsense," she I said, suddonlv stopping hcrsch. "andmi.n j consti uuur him alio/cllicr. I L is sum lady ' who has jilted him — or soinoihtiiv ot laal ! kind." I Lee had not understood what Mrs. Laurhs ! first idea was, and she. did not see any cause j for relief in the second. I "I don't know v/hai. she did to hitn or j what she has done to them all." lite girl said, mournfully. 44 rl liey all are the same. I'apa, ! oven, who does not care very much for ladies i generally — but Gliarhe. poor ( Iru-lie ! Oh. I 1 believe he is in love with in r still, though j she is twice as old as he is, and lias almost | broken his heart." | 44 My dear," said Airs. Len.h. 44 tins must j be something very diln ivnt Irom what, v.o > thougnt. We thonehi. ho had got into .some ! dmullul trouble about a an altovetner inferior person. Imt as it seems to be a lady, and one that is known to t he taniil v, and who can be asked to come lim e— il vou can tell ine a little more clearly what tlie Btorv is. I shall be more ahlo to give vou my advice." Leo looked at her nueslioner helpless, half . distracted, not knowing how to sneak : and yet tlie slorv must be told. .She bad written that lata! invitation, and it could not be concealed who this possible visitor was. She ! began with a great deal ol hesitation to lab: of the lady whom Gharlm luul raven about at i Oxiord, and how tie was to work to idoaso ; her : and how be did not work, but failed in every way, and fled from Oxford : ami how her father went to inquire into the sflory : and how the lady had come to Colonel Kings- ward at tho hotel to explain to him, to excuse Charlie, to beg his father to forgive him. 4 But, my dear, she can't bo so very bad," said Mrs. Leigh, soothingly. 44 Vou must! not judge her hardly ; if she thought she luul ' been to blame in tho matter, that was really tho right thing to do." 44 And since then," resumed Boo, 44 1 think papa has thought of nobody else; bo writes io nor and tells her everything. He goes to seo her ; lie forgets about Charlie and allot' us ; he has taken Belly there, and Betty adores her, too And to-night," cried Bco i the angry test's coming into her eyes, 44 sho is dining in Bortnuin-square, dining with the Lyons as a great friend of ours— in Portuian- square." Mrs. Leigh drew Be o to her, and gr.vo her a kiss of consolation. 1 think it was partly that the girl in her misery should not sue the smile, which Mrs. Leigh, thinking that sho aow saw through this not. uncommon mystery, could not otherwise conceal. 44 My poor child," she said, 44 my dear girl ! this is hard upon you since you dislike her ho much, but 1. am afraid it is quite natural, and a tiling lhateotild not havo been guarded against. And then vou must consider that your father may probably be a better judge than yourself. I don't sec any harm this lady has done except that, perhaps, it is not quite good lust.e lo make herself so agreeable both to tlie father and son ; hut, perhaps, iu Charlie's case that was not her fault. And .1 icon no reason, my dear— euliy and eincerely as your friend, Bee— why you should be so prejudiced against a poor woman whoso only fault is that everybody else likes her. Now, isn't it a littlo unreasonablo when you think of it calmly yourself ? "Oil, Mrs. Leigh I" Bee cried ; tho situation was so intolerable, tho passion of injury and misconception so strong iu her, that alio could only gasp in insupportable auger and dismay. 44 Bco, Bee ! this feeling is natural, but you must not let it carry you away. Have you soon her? Let me .como in when sho is hero and give my opinion." 44 1 have seen her three times," said Bee, solemnly, 44onco at tho baths and once in the academy, and once at Oxford and then oneo more excitement mastered tlio girl. 44 Oh, when you know who she is ! Don't smile, dou?t smile, but listen 1 Sho is Miss 44 Miss Lanco?" Mrs. Leigh repeated tho name with surprise, looking into Beo'a face. 44 You must composo yourself," she said, 44 you must composo yourself. Miss ? My dear, you have got over excited, you have mixed things up." 44 No, I ain not over-excited ! I am telling you only the truth. It is Miss Lance; and they all believe in her as if sho were an angel, and she is coming hero." Mrs, Leigh was very much startled, but | yet she would not believe her ears. Sho had : heard Charlie delirious iu his fever, not so Ion;; ago. Her mind gave a little leap to tho : alarming thought that there might be mad- , lioas in tho family, and that Bee had been : seized lik'o her brother. That what sho said ; was actual fact seemed to her too impossible ; to be true. Sho soothed the exciled girl with ali her power. 44 Whoever it is, my dear, you shall not take any harm. Theue is nothing to be frightend about. I will take euro of you whoever it is." 44 1 do not t hink you believe me," said Ben. 44I am not out ol" my mind, as you think. It is Alias Lance— Miss Laura Lancu— tho same, the very same, that — And I lmvo written, and she will be coming here." 44 This is very strange," said Mrs, Leigh. It does not seem possible to believe it. Tho same— who came between Aubrey and you ? Oil, I never meant to name him ; 1 was novor Lo name hitn ; but how can I help it? Laura, who was the trouble of his house— who would not leave him— who went to your father? And now your father?— I cannot under stand il. I cannot believe that it is true." 44 It is true," said Bee, 44 but Mrs. .Leigh, you forget that no one eared then except myself ; 'they have forgotten all that now, they havo forgotten what happened. It was only my business, it was not their business. All that has gone from papa. He remembers nothing about it. And sho is a witch, she is a magician, she has a jlevil— oh, please for; give me, forgive me — I don't know what I am saying. It has all been growing, one tiling after another — first mn— and then Charlie— and then papa— and than Betty. And now, after bringing him almost to death and destruction, hero is Charlie, in this house, calling ior her, raging with mo till I wrote to call her. Mn !" cried Ben, with a sort of indignant eloquence. 44 Me! Could il go further than thai? Conffi nothing bo more than that? Mo ! and in this house." 44 My dear child," said Mrs. Leigh, tfI don't wonder, I don't: wonder — it is like something in a tragedy. Oi), Bee! forgive me for what is first in my thoughts. Was she the rca.son, the only reason for your breach with my poor Aubrey? for at first you stood by him— and then you turned upon him." Do not ask mo any more questions, please, i am not anlo lo answer anything. Isn't it enough that all these tilings have happened through tins woman, and that she is coining here ?" Mrs. Leigh made no further question. .She saw chat the girl's excitement was almost beyond her control, and that her young mind was strained to its utmost. She said, half to herself, 44 1 must think. I cannot tell in a moment what to do. I must send for Aubrey. It is his duty and mine to lot it go no further. You must try to compose your self, mv dear, and trust u«. Oh, J>ce," there wero tears in her eyes as she came up to the girl and kissed her ; 44 if you could but have trusted us— in all tilings I I don't think you cwr would have repented." Bui Bee did not make any response. Her hands were cold and her head hot. lic was wrapt in a strange passion and confusion of human chaos and bewilderment— everything gone wrong— all tho elements of life twisted the perverse way: nothing open, nothing clear. She was incapable of any simple tin mingled feeling in that, confusion and medley of everything going wrong. Airs. Leigh, a little disappointed, went into the inner room, the little library, to write a letter — no doubt lo consult or sum mon her son — trom which she was inter rupted a few minutes later bv a faint call, and Bee's white facts in t.he doorway. 4,Mr:i. Lmgn. papa will come to-morrow, and ho will take us away : at least, he will take me away. I — 1 shan't bo any longer in anyone's way. Uh, don'fc keep him apart from ymt— don't send anyone out of the house because of mo !" 