WAT IffiUSS IN BLOOMSBURY. BY MRS. OLIPIIANT. / NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.— COPYRIGHT. oliapteikv. diss Bethune set ou8%coorillngly, without ,»yinp nuy thing further, to see the .Invalid. Sbo took nobody into bor confidence, not. oron Gilchrist, who hnd much ofTondod horrnls- ..... I.v her sconticlsm. Much n« she wns In- terested in overy unusual olinln of ciroumotan- cci, and much moro still in anything lmppon- fog to Dora Mannering, tliore was a still stronger impulse of porsonal fooling In her prcaont expo- dition. It hnd gono to her head liko wine ; Iter eyes shono, nnd tliero wns n nervous energy in every Hue of her tall figure In its mlddlo ngod boninoss nnd hardness, fllio walked qulokly, pushing her way forward when tliero was any crowd, with nn unoonseions movement, na of a slrong swimmor dividing tho waves, Hor mind woo tracing out ovcry lino of tho supposed pro cess of events. It was ouoli a strange story as oscnrs seldom in the almost endless variety of strnngo stories that aro about tho world— a story of soorot marriage, n sooret birth, n sudden terror of discovery. The young woman who hnd given herself foolishly and hastily to an adventurer was an heiress, if alio continued to plcnen an old undo who hnd hor fnto In his linnds. It wns the nows oi his unexpected nppronoh whioli brought tho sudden crisiu. Tho husband, who had boon near in the profound quiet of tho country, fled, taking with him tho oliild— and after that no more. Tito mr»rr!ij:c vrrs h?r «nVnnwn «xwmfc to Gilchrist and a couple of old sorvnntn in tho small secluded country house whero tho old littlo trngody hnd taken place, nnd tho young wife, who had never borno her liusbaud's nemo, eaino to life again, nftor a long illness, to find cvory trace of her pitoous Btory, and of the fate of the man for whom sho had risked so much, and tho child whom bIio had scarcely uecn, obliterated. 'Tito ngony through which Rhe had lived in that first period of diBmay and despnir, tho wild socrot inquiries aeton foot with so little knowledge of how to do anything of tho kind, chiefly by means of tho good nnd devoted Gilohriat, who, howover know still loss even than iter mistress tho way to do it. Tho long, monotonous yoars of living with tho ntd uncle to whom that forlorn young woman in her socrot anguish had to ho nurso nnd oom-- panion ; the freedom afterwards, whon tho for tune wns hers, nnd tho liberty so long desired ; but still no clue, no knowlcdgo whether tho child en whom she had set hor passionate heart ex isted or not. The hero, tho husband, existed no longer in hor imagination. That ifrst year of furtivo fatal intercourse hnd revealed him in his true colors as an adventurer, whoso aim hnd been her fortune. But why hnd ho not revealed him self when that fortune wns eoctire ? Why had not he brought back tho child who would have secured his hold ovor her, whutevor hnd hap pened ? These questions had been diseunsod between Miss Bothuno and her maid till tliero was no longer any contingency, any auhtillty of things or theories possiblo which had not been torn to picoos between them, with reasonings soiuctimeo as nonto as mothor's wit could mako them ; sometimes as foolieh as ignorance and inexperience suggested. They hnd roamed all over tho world in a quiet quest after tho fugitives who had disappeared so completely into tho darkness. What wind drifted them to B.Ioomsbury it would be too long to inquire. Tho wife of ono furtivo and troubled vocir, the mother of one anxious but heavenly weclr, had long, long ago settled into the angular, middle aged unmarried lady of Mrs. Siincox's first floor. .Sho had dropped all her former friends, all tho pooplo who knew about iier. And those people who nnco know hor by her Christian name, and ns they thought every inoident in her life, in reality know nothing, not a syllable of tho brief romnnoo and tragedy which formed its contre. Sho had developed, they all thought, into ono of thoso eccentrics who arc sometimes to ho fomul in tho loneliness of solitary life, odd as woro all tho Bollmnes, with something added that v/as especially bor own. By intervals nn old friend would appear to visit her, marvelling muoh at the Lou den lodging in which the mistress of .mora than one old comfortable- himso had chosen to bury herself. But tho Bcthunes wero all quaor, theso visitors said ; tliero was a beo in tlioir bonnot ; there was a sorew loose somowhere. It ia aston ishing tho numbor of Scotch families of whom this Is said to ncoount for everything their descendants may think or do. This was tile woman who marohed along the hot July streets witli tho same vibration of im pulse ami onorgy which had on soveral oocssions led her half over tho world. She hod been dis appointed a thousand times, but never given up oopo ; ana oncu new wul-o -tlic-ivisp wlnali had led her astray had been wolcomod with tho oamo strong confldcnco, the samo ever loving hopo. Few of them, oho acknowledged to herself now, hnd possessed linlf tho likelihood of thin ; and cvory now point of oortitudo grow nnd expanded within hor as nho proceeded on her way. Tho same age, tho samo name (more or less), a like ness which Gilchrist, fool that sho was, would not sec ; nnd then tho Btory, proving every thing of tho mother who was allvo hut un known. Could anything bs moro certain? Mies Bethuno's progress through the streets was more like that of a bird on tho wind, with that float ing movement which ia so full at onoc of strength nnd of repose, and .wings ever ready for a nvift "coup " to increase tho Impulso and clear tho way limn of a pedestrian walking along a hot pavement. A strange ooinoidonee 1 Yes, it would boa very strange coincidence if Iter own very unusual story nnd "that of tbo poor Man- nerings should thus ho twined together. But why should it not be so ? |fruth is stronger tlinn Action. Tho most marvolloua com binations happen every day. Tho stranger things aro, the more likely they are to happen. Thii was what sho kept saying to hereolf as sho hurried upon her way. .She was received iu tho darkened room, in tho hot atmosphere- perfumed anil damped by the spray of somo osscnoe, where at first Miss Estlmnc felt she could scaroely breathe. When she was brought in, in tho gleam of light mado by tho oponediloor, thcro was n littlo soream of eegorness from the bed at the other end of tho long room, and then a ory : "Bat Dora? 14 hero is Dora? It is Dora, Dora, I want 1" in a voice of dieappointinent and irritation close to tears. , You muot not bs voxed that I oamo first by myself," Miss Bothuno onid. "To bring Dora without her father's knowledge is a strong step." But I hnvo a right — I haven right !" cried the sick woman, " Nobody— not even he — would deny mo a sight of her, I'vo hungered for years for n sight of hor, and now that I am freo I nm going to dio." "No, no I don't say that," said Miss Bothuno, with the natural instfnataf denying that conclu sion. "You must not let your heart go down, for that is the worst of all." It is, perhaps, the beat, too," said tho patient. 1 'M imt could I have done? Always longiug for hor, never able to havo hor except by stealth, frightened always that sho would find out, or that lie should find out. Oh, no, its bettor as it is. Now I onn provida for my dear, and nobody to say a word. Now I can . Bliow her how I love her. Aud she will not judge me. A child like tlmt doesn't judge. Shu will learn to pity hor poor, poor— —Oil, why didn't you bring mo my Dora? I may not livo another day." In tho darkncBS, to which her eyes gradu ally became accustomed. Miss Bothuno con sulted silently, with a look, tho attendant by he hod, nnd reooiving from her tho slight, scarcely distinguishable answer of naliake of the head, took the sufferer's hand and pressed it In her own. " I will biing her," site Bttid, " to-night, If you wish it, or to-morrow ; I give you my word. If Jon think of yourself liko that, whether you aro sight or not, I am not iho one to disappoint you. To-night, if you wish It." Oli, to-night, to- night 1 I'll surely live till to night " the poor woman oricd. . 'Vnt\ many nights more if you will only keep 'l"itij quiet, ma'am. It depends upon yourself," , Mi'l.ltliu uiriiil. '7r|my aIf">ys tell you," said Mrs. Bris- ?C |. Mo keep quiet, as if that was tho ««st"sl thing io do. I might get up anil walk »« 'he long way to seo my child ; but to bo quiet without her— thnt It what Is Impossible— I and knowing tlitt perhaps I may never tee her' again ,1" . "You shall—you shall," said Miss Bethune, soothingly. "Bat you have a eliild, and good ohlld-a son, or aa liko a son as pout- "I a eon? Oh, no, no,— none but ' Dora t No ono I love but Dora." The poor lady paused then with a sob. nnd said ; in a ohangod voles, "Yon mean ilnrry Gordon ? Oh, ft i» easy to seo yon nrs not n mother. Ho !« very good- oh, veiy Br,0,j. H# WM ,jopf#d by Mr. Brl.towi, .Oli," she cried, with a long crying breath, " Mr. Brlstowo ought to. have done something for Hairy. . He ought to— I al ways said so. I did not want to have everything left lo me." She wrung her thin hands, and a convulsive "oh camoont of the darkness. " Ma'am," skill the maid, " I mnst.senrt title lady away, and put a stop to everything, it you get agitated like this." . 1 11 ho quite calm, Miller — quite oalm," the patient cried, putting out her bend and ctutoh- iiif! 3I!hh Hstiiuiio't iltojii M'To keop her calm, I will talk to hor of this othov subject," said Miss Bothuno, with nn Injured touo in her voico< g|1B imd lier head high, elevating Iter spare figure, as if »\ disdain, " Let us forget Dora for tho mo ment, ' she said, " and speak of this young man that 1ms only been a son to yon for the most of his life, only given yon his nffcolion nnd his sqr. vicus, and ovorythlng a child could do, but is nothing, of course, in comparison with a little girl you know nothing about, who io your nieoo m blood, " Oil, my nieoo, my nicoo 1" the poor lady ...urr."Ui:J under iter urolith. "Tell mo something about this Harry Gor don ; It will lot your mind down from the mora exciting subject," said Miss Bethune still with great dignity, as If of an offended person. "Ho had lived with you for years. Ho hna shared your floarats." " I havo talked to him about Dora,11 alia fal tered. \- But yet," fluid tho stern questioner, more ana more- severely, "ft duo not socm you liavo cited anything about him all thui years V Oh, don't gay that ! I ham always boon fond of him, always— always I Ho will ncvor say I havo not been kind to him," the invalid criod. Kind V criod Miss Bethune, with an fndtg- nntion and soorn which nothing oould exceed. Thon sho added moro gently, hut with still tho injured touo in hor voic'o, " Will you toll mo something about him ? It will oalm you down. I take an intorest in the young, man. Ho it like somebody I once knew, nnd hie namo re coils" "Perhaps you know his father?". said. Mrs. Bristowe, Perhaps. I would like to hsar moro par ticulars. He telln me hie mother is living." "Tho father was very foolish to tell him. Mr. Brietowo always said so. It was on his deathbed. I suppose," cried tho poor lady, with a deep sigh, " that on your deathbed you feel that you must tell everything, 01), I'vo been silent, silent, so long I I feel that, too. She Is not a mothor that It would over bo good for him to find. Mr. Brjstowe wished him novor to oome baok to England, only for thnt. Ho said hotter ho ignorant— better know nothing." " And why was tho poor mother bo eusily con demned ?" " You would bo shocked — you nn unmarriod lady if I told you tho story. She left him just after the boy was born. She fell froni one degradation to another. Ho rent her money as long as he could keop nny trace of her. Poor, poor man !" ' "And his friends took everything for gospel that this man said ?" " Ho was on honest man. "Why should he toll Mr. Bristowe a lie ? I said it wns to bo kopt from poor Harry. It would only make him miserable. But there was no doubt about the truth of it — oh, none." "I toll you," ofiod Miss Bethune, "that there Is every doubt of it. His mother was a poor doooived girl, thnt was abandoned, deserted, loft to hear her misoiy us she could." r ' "Did you know his mothor 2" sniil the patient, showing out of the darkness the gleam of eyes widened by astonishment. . .. ; " It does not matter," cried Miss Bothuno. "I know this, that 'the mnrriago wns 'in se cret, nnd the boy was horn in secret, nnd while she was ill and woak there came tho nows of somo one o timing that could leave her penniless, and for tho oalto of tho' money, tho wretched money, this man took up tlie child in his arms out of her vory bed and carried it away." ' ' The sick woman clutched, the. arm of tlio other, who sat by.. her side, tragic and pas- sionaie, rno worcis coming trom tier tips like sobs. "Oh, my poor lnily," sho said, "if that is your story !, But it was not that. My husband, Mr. Bristowe, know. . He know all about Gordon from tho beginning. It was no scorot to him. Ho did not tiilco tile child away till tho mother had gono— till ho had tried every way to find her, even to bring her back. He was a murciful man. I know liirn, toe. Oh, poor woman, poor woman, my honrt breaks for that othor you knew, Sho ia liko tr.c, she is worso off than ino, Imt the olio yon know ivns not Harry's mother— oh.no, nn— Harry'smothcr! It sho is living it is— it is— in misery, and worse tbnn misery." "He said," uttered a liaarso voioe, breath less out of the dimness, which nobody could havo rocogniscd for Miss Bethuno's, " that you wild there was no suolt woman.' " I did — to comfort him, to make him boliovo that It was not truo." " By a lie I And such a lie— a shameful lie, wlion you knew so different ! Anil how should anyone believe now a word you nay?" "Oil, don't let her say sjioli things to mo, Miller, Miller I" cried the putienl, with the cry of a sick child. "Madam," said the moid, " Bite's vory bail, as you seo, and you're making iter every minute .worse. You can seo it yourself. It's my duty to ask you to go away." Miss Bethuno rose from the sido of tho bed liko a ghost, tall and stern, aud towering over the agitated, weeping woman, who lay back on the whito pillows, holding out supplicating hands and panting for breath. She stood for a moment looking as if she would hnvoaken her by tho throat, Then she gavo herself, a little shake and turned awny. Onco mere th Invalid clutched at her dress ;uml drew her hack. " Oh," she oriod, "hove mercy upon tnc ! Don't go away— don't go awny ! I will bear anything. Say what you like, bnt bring me Dora— bring mo Dora— bofore I die." ""Why should I bring you Dora? Me to whom nobody brings—. "What is it to mo if you Hvg or If you die?" " Oil, bring mo Dora— bring mo Dora !" tho poor woman wailed, holding fast by her visitor's dress. Sho flung herself half out of tbo bed, drawing towards her with all Iter littlo force the unwilling, resisting figure. "Oh, for tho ssko of nil you wish for yourself, bring m Dora — Dora— before I illo 1" " What hnvo you left mo to wish for?" criod the other woman, and she drew her skirts out of tho patient's grasp. No more different being from that wliioh ontorcd an hour beforo by tho long passages and staircases of tho great hotel could have been than she who now repassed through thcra, look ing neither to the right nor to the loft— a wo man liko a straight line of motion and energy, as strong and stiff as iron, with expression ban ished from her face, ami elnstlolty from her figure. She wont beck by the same streolsBhe had oome by, making her way straight through the crowd, which Seemed to yield before the strongth of passion and poln that was in hor. There was a singing In her cars aud a buzzing in hor'lioad, and hor heart was in Iter brenst as if It had beon turned to atone. Oli, she was notat her first shock of disappointment and despair. She hnd experienced It before, but never, oho thought, in suoli tcrriblo sort as now. She bad so wrapped herself In this ilronm, whloh had- been nuggosted to hor by nothing but hor own heart— Willi t she thought her Instinct, a sudden flash of divination, tho voico of nature. Sho had felt Buro of It tho first glimpse sho hail Of him, be fore ho had even told her his name. She had boon suro that tills time It was the voice of na- lure, tlmt Intuition nf a mothor whloh oould not be deceived. ' So mnny likeneesos aeemed to moot I.n Harry i . . ' . ' i . I Gordon' face, so many elroiimstanees to com-' blno In establishing the likelihood nt least that this was lie. South Amertaa, the very ideal place for an adventurer, and the strange faot thnt he liad s mother living whom he did not know. . . A mother living ! These words made , thrill of passion, of opposition, of unmoved and immovable conviction, rush through nil tier .veins, A mother living ! Who Oould that bo but she?,. What would such n man care— a man who bad abandoned his wife nt tbo moment of , woman's, greatest weakness, and taken hOr obihl from her when sho was hclplosa to resist him— for tlto ruin of her reputation nftor, for fixing upon her, among thoso who knew her not, tho aharaoter of n profligate? Ho who had done tlto first, why should ho hesltato to any the last? Tho ono thing cost him trouble, thcotlier none. It was easier to believe thnt thon to give op what she concluded with certainty was her last hope.' > Gilohriat, who had seen her oomlng, rubbed downstairs to open the door for ber. Bat Gil christ at this moment was nn enemy, the lest person in the world in whom her mistress would onnlldos Gilohrlst, who had never bolleved in It, hail refused to see .the likeness, or toon- oonrsgo nny dotnslon. . Sho was blind to tit woman's imploring looks, her breathless "Oh, mem I" which was moro than any qucotion, nnd brushed past her with tho same Iron rigidity of pose which had taken all softness from hor natural angularity. She walked straight Into her bedroom, where sho took off liar bonnet be fore the glass without awaiting Gilchrist's min istrations—nay, putting them aside with a quick, impatient gosturo. Tlinn showont to her' sitting room, and drow hor uhnir into hor favorite posi tion near tlie window, and took up tho paper iiuu began io roau it with every appearance uf Intense interest. She bad read it through every word, as Is the praotloo of lonely Indies, boforo she wont out, and sho was profoundly conscious now of OilclirUt following her about, hovering be hind her, and moro anxious than .words pan say. Miss "Bothuno was an hour or inure ocou- pled about that newspaper, of v/hloh she did not sob n ninglo word, and then sho rose suddenly toiler feet. .. " I cannot do it — I cannot do It !" she orled. " Tho woman has no claim on me. Most likely sho's nothing bnt a fool that has spoilt everything for herself, nnd moro. Maybe it will not hs good for Dora, put I cannot do it — I aannot do it. It's too atrong for ma What ever comes of it, sho must seo hor child — bIio must seo her oliild beforo she passes away nnd is no more seen. And oh, I wish — I wish It was nbt bar, but me 1" CHAITEH XVI. Dora passed tho long evening of thnt day in her father's room. It was ono of those days in which the Hun seems to rafnso to set, the day light to depart. It rollod out in afternoon sun shine, prolonged as it seemed for half a year's time,- showing no Inolinntlon to wane. Whoh the sun at last wont down, thero ensued a long interval of day without It, and slowly, slowly the shades of twilight oame on. Mr. Mannering had been very quiot all tho afternoon. He bad sat brooding, unwilling to speak. Tho big book came back with Mr. Fiddler's compliments, anil was replaced upon his table, where lie sat sometimes turning over the pages, not roeillng, doing- nothing. There aro few things moro terrible to a looker on than this silcnco, this self absorption, tnkfng no notice of - anything outsido of him, of a convalescent. The attitude of d«9pondcnoy, tho bowad head, tho curvod shoulders, aro bad enough In tlicm- eolvos, but nothing is so dreadful as the silence, tho preoccupation with nothing, the eyes fixed on a page wl.ieh is not read, or an horizon In which nothing is visible. Dora sat by him with 'a book, too, In whieh sho was interested, whloh la perhaps the easiest 'way of bearing this ; but tho hook ended before tho afternoon did, and then she hail nothing' to do hilt to watoh him and wonder what ho was thinking of — whether his mind was roving over lands unknown to Iter, whether it was about the Mueoum he was thinking, or the doctor's orders or the hills, two or three of whloh had by misndventur fallen into his hands. "What was it ? "Ho re mained in the' same attitudo quite still and steady, not moving a finger. Sometimes sho hbp'ecl'hb might hHWfalloif asleep ; sometiinoB she addressed to him a faltering qucstiou, to whloh ho nnswersd Yes, or No. He was not impatient whon she spoke to liirn. He roplicd to her in those monosyllables, whieh are almost worso than silence. And Dora durst not protest, oould not upbraid him with that dreadful silenoe, as an older person might have done. . " Oh, father, talk to me a little 1" sho onoo cried in her despair, but ho said gently that he had nothing to talk about, ami silonoed tho clrl. He had taken the vnrinun m ».1 1.1 nnd re. freshments tlmt were ordered for liirn when they oamo, with eomothlng that was half a smile nnd half a look of disgust, nnd this was the final exasperation to Dora. . "Oh, father ! when you know that you must tnko it — tlmt it is tho only way of getting well again." " I am taking It," ho said, with that twist of iho lip at ovory spoonful which hotrayed how distnstcful It was. This in hard to boar for the most experienced of nurses, and what should it be for a girl of 16? Bha olasped her hands together ill tier impatience to keep hcrnclf down. And then thcro came a knock at the door, and Gilchrist appeared, begging that ilfisa Dora would put on her hat and go out for a walk with Miss Botiume. " I'll aomo and alt with my work in a corner, and bo there if ho wonts anything." Mr. Mannering iliil not, seem to take any notice, hut lie heard the whisper at the door. " Tliore is no occasion for anyone sitting witli me. I am quite able to ring If I want any thing. "But, father, I don't want to go out," said Dora. " I want yon to go out," he said, poremptorily. " It is not proper tlmt you should ho shut up hero all day. " Let me light the caudles, then, father." " I don't want any caudles. I am not doing anything. There js plenty of light for what I want." Oh, what despair it was to have to do with a man who would not be shaken, who would tnko his own way and no other 1 If ho would but have road a novel, as Dora did — if ho would but brgin to study his big hook, whloh was tho custom of his life. Dora felt that It was almost wioked to leavo liiin, but what could sho do, while he'sat there absorbed in his thought, whloh sho oould not even divine what they wero about? To go out into tho cool evening woS A relief to her poor littlo oxasperated temper aiid trou bled mind. The air was sweet and fresh, even in Bloomshury ; the trees waved and rustled eoftly.against the blue sky ; thcra was a young moon somewhere, a whito speolc in the blue, though the light uf day was not yet gouo ; the voioe were softened and almost musical in the evening air, and it was so good to be out of doors, to bo removed from, the olose controlling atmosphere of utiac. oustomed trouble. " Out of sight, out of mind," people say. It was vory far from being that ; on the contrary, it was but tho natural impa tience, the mere eontraiety, that made the girl ready to ory with a sense of the Intolerable whioh now was. softened and subdued, allowing lovo anil pity to oomo baok. . Sho would talk of no thing but her father' ob she went along tho street. " Do you think ho looks any better, Miss Bethuno ? Do you think- he will soon be able to get out ? Do you tlitnk the doctor will let him return toon to the museum ? Ho loves the museum better than anything. Qo would have more ohaneo to got well If ho might go book." " All tkat must be deolded by time, Dora — time and the doator, who, though wo scoff at him sometimes, knows better, after all, than you or me. But I want you to think a little of the poor lady you are going to see." . " "What am I going to seo ? Oh, that lady 1 I don't kuow if fatliar will wish mo to go and see her. Oh, I did not know what it was' you wanted of me. I eanuot go against father, Miss Bethune, when he is ill and does hot know." "You will just trust to another than your father for oneo in your life, Dora. If you think I am not a friend to your father, and ono that would consider hfm in nil things— — " The girl walked on . silently, reluctantly, for some time without spsaklng, with sometimes a half pause, at If she would have turnod baclc. Then she answered in a low voice, still not Very willingly.. "I know you are a friend." "You do not put muoh heart in it," said Miss Bethune, with a laugb. The meet mag nanimous person, whon eonsalous of having been very helpful, and a truly good . friend at his or her porsonal expense to another, may he par- donod a senso of humor, partially bitter, in the grudging acknowledgment of ignorance. Then she added, more gravely, "When your father knowB— and he shall know In time — where I am taking you, he will approvo ; whatever his feelings may be, he will tell you it was right and your duty— of that I am ns sure at that I nm living, Dora." " Because the te my aunt ? An aunt le not eueh a very tender relation, Miss Bolhune. In books they ar very often cold comforters, not kind to girls that aro pour. I suppose," s&ld; Dora, after a little pause, "that I would he called poor ?" "Yon are just nothing, you foolieh littlo thing ! You have no aharaoter of your own ; yon are your father's daughter, and no more." "I don't wish to bo anything more," orled Dora, with lmr foolish young bead held high. " And this poor woman," said Miss Bethuno, exasperated, " will not lire long enough to be a friend to any one, so you noed not bo afraid oilher of hor being too tender or unkind. Sho lias come baok, poor thing, aftor long years spent out of hor own oountry, to die." " To die?" the girl eohocd in a horrified tone. ' Just that, aiiu nothing less ur i sore." Dora walked on by Miss Bothune's sido for Rome lime in silenee. Tliero was a long, vory long walk through tho streots boforo they reached tho coolness and freshness of the park. Sho said nothing for a long time, until tlioy had arrived at the Scrpontlne, which, vciloil in shadow's and mists of night, with the stars reflected in 11, and the big buildings in the dis tance standing up solemnly, half seen, yet with gleams of lamps and light all over them, beyond, and apparently among tho trees, has a sort of splsndor and reality, liko a great natural river flowing between it banks. She paused then for a moment, nnd asked, with a quick drawing of her breath, "Is it someone — who is dying— that you ara taking me to see ? " "Yes, Dora ; and noxt to yonr father, your nearest relntion in the world." " I thought at one time that he was going to ill?, Miss Betliuns." " So did wo 11, Dora." "And I was vory muoh afraid— oh, not only heart broken, but afraid. I thought he would suffer so in himself," she said, very low, "and to leave me." "They do not," said Miss Betliuns with groat solemnity, sb if not of nny individual, but of a mysterious clnss of people. "Tlioy are delivered ; anxious though they may have been, they nrs anxious no moro ; though their hearts would have broken to part with you n little while before, it is no longer so ; they aro delivered. It's a very solomn thing," she went on, with something liko a soli in ber voice ; " but it's comforting, at least to tho like of me. Their spirits aro olianged, they are separated ; tliore are other things before them greater than what they leave behind." "Oh," orled the girl, "I should not like to think of thnt, if father bad censed to think of me svon before." " It Is comforting to me," said Miss Bothune, " because I nm of those that are going, and you, Dora, are qf those that arc staying. I'm glad to think that tlio silver ehnin will he loosed and the golden howl broken, all the links that bind us to the earth, and all the ceres about what is to happen after." "Have you enres about what is to happen after?" cried Dors. "Fathor has, for ho has me ; but you. Miss Bethune?" Dora never forgot, or thought slis would nover forgot the look that was cast upon her. "And I," said Mis Bethune, "have not even you; have nobody belonging to rne. , Well," she eaiil, going on with a hoavy, long drawn breath, " it looks as if it were true." This was the girl's firnt discovery of what youth Is generally mi long of finding out, that In tier JlcoilloVsness and unconscious conviction that what related to hersalf was the most im portant in the world, and what befel an elderly neighbor of so muoh less conscquenoe, she had done, or at least said, a cruel thing. But she did not know how to mend matters, and so went on by her friend's side dumb, confusedly trying to enter into, now thnt it was too late, the sombre thread of another's thought. Nothing more was said till they were close to tlio great hotel, which shone oat with its many windows luminous uuon tho soft baoktrronnd of tlie n it' 1 It- Then Miss Bethune put hor hand almost harshly upon Dora's arm. . "You will remember, Dora," sho said, "that tho person wo are going to see is a dying person, nnd in. nil the world it is agreed, that whore a .dying person is he or she is tho chief person, and to ho considered above all. It is, maybe, a superstition, but it Is soallowed. Their wonts anil their wishes go before all ; and the Queen her self, if die wore coming into that chamber, would bow to it liko all the rest, and no must you. It is, perhaps, not quite sinoere, for why should a woman ba more thought of beoause she is going to die? It is not quality, you will say, but yet it's a superstition, and approved by all tho civilised world." "Oh, Sliss Bothuno," orlsd Dora, "I know thnt I deaorvo you should say this to me, but yet " Her companion mado no reply, but led the way up tho great stairs. Tho room was not so dnrlr as before, though it wes night ; a number of candles wero shining in thofnrtlier corner near the bed, And tho palo fece on the pillow, tho nostrils dark and widely opened with tlie panting broatb, was in full light, turned towards the door. A nurso in her whito aprdn and cap was near tha bed, beside a maid; whose anxious faoo was strangely con trasted with the calm of tlio professional person. These accessories Dora's qniolr glance took in at onoo, while yet her attention was absorbed in tho central figure, whioh sho needed no further explanation to pcrcoivc had at onco becomo the first objeot, tho ahief interest to nil near her. Dying I It was moro than mere reigning, more than being great. To think that whoro she lay thoro she wan going fast awey into the most august presence, to tho doepest won ders'! DoVn held her breath with awe. She novor, savo when, hor father was swimming for his lifo, and her thoughts wero concentrated on the strugglo with all the force of porsonal pas sion, as if it were she hcrsolf who was fighting against death, hnd Been any such sight before. . '.'Is it Dora?" orled the pationt. "Dotal Oh, my child, - my child, havo you oome at last?" And then Dora found arms round her, clu toll ing lior closo, and felt with a strange awe, not unmingled with terror, tlio wild beating of a feverish heart and the panting of the laborious breath. The wan face was pressed against hers. She folt herself held for a moment with ex traordinary foree, aud kisses, tsars and always tlio boat of that troubled breathing upon her cheek. Then tlio grasp relaxed roluetantly, because tho sufferer oould no more. ".Ob, gently, gently ; do not wear yourself out. She is not going away. She. has oome to utay witli you," a soothing voice said. "That's all I wanted— all I want in this world— what I oamo for," gavo forth tlio pant ing, lips. (To be continued .) 