I l THE WILLI AMSTOWN and NORTH WILLIAMSTOWN FOOTBALL CLUBS. To the manor oj the advertiser. 1 b .t i k k y k h 7 Sir,—i would tnrougn you impress npon Mr ‘ Yarra Forty’ how dangerous it is for persons carried away by ignorance to touch upon matters thoy know as little about as a baby does of politics. How largely the bump of humor—if there is one—must be developed on that fixture above his shoulders, where ordinary men usually carry their brains, will be seen by the first extract from his letter which appeared in your issue a fortnight since, and which says—” I see by the Arfeertiserthat the North Williamstown Football Club has secured a lease of the boatshed site now occu pied by the defunct Williamstown Rowing Club.” The rowing club is—as is welland widely known—dead, and its members have dispersed ; in fact only its name remains, but it now occupies the site. I wonder if my para doxical friend meant to allude to the ghost of the dub, apparently he did. Assuming all that has appeared in your columns to be heavenly, I must submit that your ignorant and venturesome correspondent has fallerj into a very sad predicament by asserting that the North Williamstown has secured a lease of the shed previously referred to for training purposes. I was never aware, nor am I now, that such club applied for use thereof, but I am perfectly satisfied that the Harbor Trust complied with a request made by me and on my single application. Nought is gained by rushing into print. I will not argue on the sentence, *• Is it not possible to obtain the cricket ground for this purpose,” save and except that should an application be received by the North’s committee from tbe body controlling the ground, then will such a suggestion be duly, fully and justly considered, but not before, tlr < Yarra Forty ‘ seems to be ‘ nut ’ gone on the North, as is evidenced in the words, “ Several of the players who have already distinguished themselves in junior football are now ambitious to join the senior ranks." I will, just to keep ip harmony with the meaning of his version, in a moment notify him that the ciub which gained the premiership must have had players of some worth who certainly must have disting uished themselves, but I must emphatically deny the accusation that some are anxious to join the senior ranks. I have personally inter viewed the majority of last year's players—at least those in town at the time—and each and every one are pledged to their old love. Mr ' V rra Forty's" two next sentences I will deal with together for suitability. They read— “There should be a few vacancies in the Williams'own first t wenty next year," and “ As locn1 players are popular with the public the North should, in my opinion, get a show in the senior ranks next year." This is ‘kid’ with a vengeance. Does he insinuate that the North ought to take the name of Williamstown and the insolvent body that of North t Pre sumably he favors the latter, for how could I sqch players as be previously Reflected upon be Hashed up with such inferior men as the Town ast season possessed? Every sensible being mows that local popularity is enjoyed by players in the ranks of either club, but good less only knows how popularity could continue n the event of a capable player going from a lad club to a worse one—falling from the pan hto the fire. His further and last effort is— "The Northites and Town should in fact imalgamate ; the time for it is ripe; the North ire now at the top of the tree as juniors ; they cannot get any higher unless by throwing in their lot as seniors with Town, to enable Williamstown to have a big say in the premier ship next season.'' Mr "Yarra Forty'* may satisfy himself that no such absurdity as amalgamation is thought of by individual players, members or committee of the youthful club which has indeed sprung into wide prominence in a short time, nor by myself. The club has been worked in a straight and honorable manner from the very jump, and I am certain can maintain a mastery over its foes from this to the time they become obsolete. I may give the names of clubs which have merged themselves into the now destitute Williamstown Football Club. They were:— Battery United, Oriental, old North Williams town, Williamstown Juniors (1st and 2nd), Osborne (ist and 2nd), South Williamstown, Excelsior, Newport, Imperial, Red Rose, North Williamstown Imperial, Strand Towers and Seasiders. Here 300 players and the pick of the district were at times available, but wnere are tney now •xours, fie. U. Ei, Hon. Sec. North Williamstown F. C. March 8th, 1893. 