ear .Plarrlied. 1 \---------- tE er pasty was over, and the long ki _ d_ y was drawing to its lingering yp Tha wings of-the chickens had flown y oy to join the.!egs and breasts of all the mias that' havo been eaten since man first I disoovered the fact that cold fowl is good to eat; the pink flesh of the avenging lobster, half hidden in its leafy re- b treat, like the rosy limbs of a bashful ymph taking refuge from indiscreet eyes .rivYe - do thicket, had been dragged r fort!afdevoured, and was now beginning d to fulfil its dreadful mission; the champagne and the claret-cup, and the whisky and the z soda- water, were all drunk, and one of the I onngest of the ucests was in something t like te ame condition, though his mother persisted in attributing his symptoms solely l to the fatigues of the day. The laughing girls, in their serge dresses, I and silk shirt fronts, and the bronzed, athlotio lads, in their flannels and tan shoes, had distributed themselves in the different boats, and the flotilla was drifting down the long reach in straggling procession. In the 1 leading boat a musical person with a barjo was performing a rudimentary version of a too popular song, and begging the oarsmen to "throw their weight on it when he came to the ' boom.' " A soft wind that rose with the setting son blew gently up the ricer- and ruiled the surface into tiny waves, the shadows of the tall poplars that stoodhere and there on the margin lay right across the stream, the moon was climbing higher and higher in the opal sky, and the ghostly bats, waking from their long sleep, were beginning to flit abouttike scraps of paper in a high wind. hundedvards be the ent which ito ay5 leeuoisy a ra r pronounced lirtationsof the er membersof the party.She, acharming tron, whose girls (still in the schoolroom) and boys (not yet approaching manhood) loft her plenty of time to take an interest in the affairs of her neighbors; and he, ia middle aged man, whose careful dress and well-pre served attractions seemed to show that his chief, if not his only, care in life was that interesting personality-bhimselL "It was very clever of you to capture this punt, Major Singleton," the lady remarked, settling herself more luxuriously among the cushions. "I know Mrs Luxmore wanted that eldest girl of hers to have it. She was trying so hard, poor thing, to get Mr Willies to offer to take her. He looked so relieved -when bhoe saw you get in. In another minute 1 believe she'd have asked him." Major Singleton laughed complacently as lestraightened the craft, and then let him self uantiouslydown on the floortill his long legs stretched halfway down the length of it. "I should have left him to his fate, gh," he said, " if I hadn't seen your in ae.. iWho knows what might .e f-'d trusted myself alone .. determined-looking young woman ? oks capable ofanything-from punting tro posing marriage." "She is," said Mrs Farquhar, with con viction. "She's-verging on the desperation ef sine-and-twenty, and no man under" she made an almost imperceptible pause, and loreed under her eyelashes at her companion \- under forty-six is safe from her." "I believe six-and-forty's a very suscep tible age," he said, stroking his moustache, and wondering whether she had noticed how grey it was. "In a year or two I shall have to begin to look out very carefully for my own safety." "What humbugs men are," thought Mrs P'arquhar to herself. "And yet they talk of thevanity of women! He's-fifty if he's a day. How was it you never marriedl" she asked aloud. " Because I never met Mrs Farquhar till it -was too late," said Singleton, gallantly but Insincerely. , The lady blushed a little, and smiled a little gratified smile. Then she thought of er long- legged girls at home, and she owned austerely. "Major Singleton !" she said, with dig. S3Well-lirs Farquhar ? " e on a question-perhaps anindis ~ ? ? you an- answer-perhaps "of equal indiscretion." She saw by his eyes that he was laughing at her, though his lips were concealed by the tell-tale moustache. For a moment she -would have liked to box his ears for having snade her think he was in earnest, and then she laughed too. " No-bat seriously-- 'l said Mrs Far juhar. " Seriously, what " - " Why did you never get married ?" At this moment there came a violent bump ,n the side of the punt, and Mrs Farquhar's Japanese umbrella and Major Singleton's straw hat flew over the side into the river.. The lady sareamed-not so prettily as she would have done had she had time to think about it-and - the man was on his feet and grasping his hole in a second. A boat containing a party of belated 'Arries had shot suddenly out of i backwater, and (the coxswain being meore occupied with a concertina than with laisrudder-lines) had caught the punt right amidships, and as nearly as possible put her over. "Confound you, you clumsy --" began ,9 Major, indignantly, glaring at the eln?oding crow; then, remembering who it ?-&that; he had in charge, he dropped his :E "'.Rieally,-wieh you'd be more care -asB ey iit expect to have the whole ziver to younrelf at this time of the year." The young men, relieved to find that they had not run into a bridge or gone over a weir, wereapologetic, andexpressed theirsorrowin suitable terms. They rescued the hat and umbrella-both rather the worse for their wetting---and rowed off as fast as they could, blefore it should be discovered that a plank in the punt had been started. Mrs Farquhar smoothed her rumled feathers, and con descended to smile again. As for the major, lie lighted acigarette and sat down inhis old plae. "You asked me a question just now," he said, after a pause, -blowing-away a cloud of smoke, and watching.it as it melted away to leeward, "and that bump gave you the true answer." "I asked you why you had never married." "Exactly. It was because of an accident that happened when I was in a boat with a lady." IHespoke in a low, serioustone,and a dreamy sort of look cameainto his eyes, as if at the recollection of an old sorrow. Mrs Farquhar was touched by his manner, and half put?_e her hand. e.- ory,' she.munrmnred. "Was sever heard of it." - "It was a long time ago," said Singleton, looking not at her, but at the distant woods, satill.weth the same gleam of recolleotioni in his eyes. "Fifteen-twenty'years. Heavens, how old we're all getting-I'm speaking for asyeef." " Could it have been an echo that marmured, "S peak for yourself?" "But Ihave never forgotten it, -nor never shall. Ivo been a good deal among women atdifferenttimes, and-well, I've generally mnanaged to make myself as agreeable to them as other men. More than once-more than twice--I have been on the verge of forgetting the promise Imade--" "To her?" "No, to myself. Shall Ithell yon about it? )o you care toheara storyof whathappened twenty years ago, when you were in the alnrsery." "If it's not a very painful story," murmured Mrs Farquhar, lookingeurinusly at Singleton, and wondering whether he was going to cry; for the corners of his lips twitched, and his eyes avoided hers. " It was, as I said, nearly twenty years Sag,'"s said. slowly. "I was little more than a boy thin-a perfect boy still in some things. I was at home on leave-my first leave-from Malta, and I was enjoying my self immensely. I had plenty of money, I know a heap of people of all kinds, and no daywaslong ensoghforme that summer. And then I met Vera- Vera-nover mind her othername; Inever think of her asanythinr ent Vera. Ah I what a pretty girl she was I I can see her now as I first saw hser t at orush in Lennox Gardens-no, Queen's Gate standing against a mass oftropical plantsthat made a background for her tall, grace ful figure. Sho was dressed all in white, like a bride; and the absence of color in her toiette enchaneed the brilliancy of her complexion and the setallio gleam of her copper'colored hair, which was piled in heavy masses-you re mnember I'm speaking of 20 years ago-on ler small head. I never was so strmok by a woman before or since that night. Isiimply tood and stared at her; and the man who I lad brought me told me afterwards t4t I looked as if I'd seen a ghost. - " He pulled me gently away in the dire, lion of tlhe room where the eha upsg?e noup was-for he was a thirsty beggar-and 1j forced a tumbler into my hand. I drank tiff the wine mechanicallvy,and he patted me kindly on the back. 'Feel betternow, don't aA you? he said. ' Who was it, old chappie your tailor ' e "The word recalled me'to my senses, and I shuddered; 1 remember.. . "My tailor-what-who ?'InStammered. v "'I don'tknow. Ionlyasaked if you'd seen him,' he said. " ' y tailor? What do yon mean?' "' Well, you never know.whom you may meet at this house, and he's probably a good deal more presentable than some of the men.' "'Rubbish I' Isid. ' It was that girl in white standing against the ferns-that girl with the glorious hair. Didn't you see her, or are you blind?" " ' Oh ?!' he said, ' you mean lMiss Hill Parker: " " I thought you'd let out her name before long,' Mrs Farquhar said, smiling slily. Singleton went on without heeding her. "Well, he told me all about her. Said shb was the daughter of a man of very good family, but as poor as a church mouse; that she was expected to marry a man with money, but that she was getting a little bit -off-color-that was his brutal expreesion and that this would be her last season in town, because there were three other 'adsnhters behind. " 'She's been rather unlucky,' he said. ' She's been very ill all thespring, and this is her first appearance this year. She'll have I to look sharp if she means to do any good before Goodwood.' I thought of all this afterwards, though I hardly noticed his words at the time, and only asked him to a introduce me to the beauty. I' wondered whether her fatherwouldeonsider me ' a man Swith money,'-ideas vary so on thepoint."' .L ?euhat they dd..",ssented-~Mrs.Farquhar, y good deal since she was seventeen. . e "Well, I' was introduced. And I won't bore you with what followed. These things always run the same course, and the more t they change the more they're theo same thing. e I fell in love with her, as they say, at first sight; and Idare say I made myself a great spectacle to my friends. For a month I fol lowed her everywhere; found out where she t was going, and moved heaven and earth to get invitations to those houses ; waited hours a in the park on the chance of seeing her, and behaved altogether as lovers always do." "And she-P" asked Mrs Farquhar. I "And she-well, she didn't dislike me from the first, and I could soon see that her e mother didn't dislike me either, and I began I tobeovery happy.In a monthafterImet her first a I made up mind to ask her to marry me. Just thenher mother asked me to a picnio up a the river-quite a small affair given for the \- benefit of a set of children, nephews and nieces, home from school. This was my last f chance-for they were to go back to the country two days after-and I meant to take it. That was, I r think, the happiest day of my life. I t devoted myself to her from morningr till e night, and she seemed as happy as I was. ? Poor Vera! We neither of us thought how. the day was going to end. Well, it came to an end at last, and I was to row her back in a little boat that only held a two. Itwasa most perfect evening, and \- as we drifted down 'the river I was.too full i of happiness to. talk. She made such a a pretty picture, sitting under an 'umbrella as you are doing now, with her hat an gloves off, making believe to steer, that I simply sat i, and looked into her eyes, and she sat and r smiled at me I think 'nw that she must o have been rather a stupid girl, for it seems to n me that it was always I who talked-and if I happened not to talk, there a was generally silence. I was a little f nervous too, for I didn't quite know a what I was-going to say. At last she o roused herself and said looking up at the sky, and sighing : it " ' Oh, whats pleasant day this has been ! it How long will it be before I have such another, I wonder ?' a " My heart sprang into my mouth, and I if said .a " Has it been a pleasant day, Vera ?' " It was the first time that Thad called her Vera, and she looked quickly at me, and then east down hereyes. "'Very,' she whispered; and then she I- sighed again." "Yes."said Mrs Farqunhar, approvingly. i I lmow. that sigh. . It's very eoreetive when it's done properly ; but it wants practice." g "Isaid:'Whydo you say it will be so a long before you have another so happy?" e ' We gong ack to Devonshire to-mor g row, you know,'she said. n ." She was knotting the ends of the rudder lines together all the time, and looking at them intently. "'Then,' I said, nervously, 'has your happiness anything to do with-with being near '-I was goingto say me, but I changed p my mind at the last minute and said, 'near a town ?" ' " She smiled a little, and shook her head r.. very slowly. Then she raised her eyes, and e looked at me, still smiling. The next moment e I shipped my sculls carefully, and leaned s forward till I could take her hand. ao "'Vera," I said,my own love !' a "The words had scarcely passed my lips y when I heard a loud, hideous laugh close to g us, and I saw a boatful of hateful-looking h men moored under a large tree that thrrw its it branches over the river, who were grinning i at us like so many monkeys. I forgot where I was, and jumped up in a passion. The n boat gave a violent lurch and Vera a loud o socream, and I slipped. I tried to fall over it board cleanly to save her, but it was too late. is I fell right abroses the gunwhalo, and cap a- sized theboat in the middle of tue river in ten le feet of water." "Couldn't you swim ?" said Mrs Farquhar y breathlessly. r, "Oh, yes, like a dusk; but Vera couldn't. SWhen I'd cleared the water out of my eyes I d saw her clinging to the boat, which was ir only just above water-sunk to its bear. I, gs, as the sailors .call it. I shouted n to her to keep still, and-went to her help as ir fast as I could. But;I had dropped i few -. yards down the stream; and, having all my r, clothes on, I couldn't swim fast. She id screamed and struggled, and tried to climb into the boat-which was, of course, the ,o worst thing she could do. Just as I reached ,f her it sank altogether, and she went down :o with it. I plunged forward, and just as she oe was disappearing I caught her by the only thing Ieould see--her beautiful bronze hair. a And the whole thing came away;in my hand? "Poor thing !".cried Mrs IFarquhaisr, with st real sympathy inher tone. "And ehewas h drowned, I suppose?" d No, the next minute her head came up g again-such a funny head, all covered with short red fur, like a fox-and I managed to take hold of her under thoarms, and got her to the bank; and there she sat down and Sbegan tocry." , "Yeses," said ?rBa'rquhar, eritleally, ":. suppose that this was her only chance. Ad whatdidyou do?" I'll tell you what I didnot do," said SSingletonf I'didn't finish the sentence bh ginning' Vera, my own love.' " "A nd thatwas thereason you never mar ried ?" "Yes," said Singleton. And he added, sotto voce, "That and a few othlere." r Mrs Farquhr pondered for a fewa.soments, a and then asked suddenly: " And what became of the wig'?" "I don't know," sid Major Singloton. · VanityFair. 