IA .SLAVE OF Til ill Kiisu ii ! (By Alfred Bkrlyn, in " The Idler. "1 | The Rev. Thomas Todd, curate of S. Athan 'asius, Great Wabbleton, Bat at the table in hia little parlor with a local newspaper in his hand and. a troubled expression on his face. There wa3 something incongruous in the ap pearance of the deep frown that puckered tho curate's brows; for his countenance in its normal aspect, was chubby and plump and ■bland, and his little grey eyes were wont to shine with a benign and even a humorous jtwinkle. He.was not remarkably youn^, as curates, go; but he was quite young enough to !be a subject of absorbing interest to tho lady members of S. Athanasius congregation, and to find himself the frequent recipient of those marks of feminine attention which are the recognised perquisites of the junior assistant blergy.; . .. ; ■ - . . " j Two or three times the curate raised the paper fcom. the table and re-road the passage that was evidently, troubling him; and each time he did so the puckers deepened, and his expression became more and more careworn. It would have been difficult enough for a Btranger to find any clue to the cause of his agitation in the portion of the " Wabbloton Post and Grubley Advertiser'' which the clergyman held'before him; and the wonder Would certainlyhave been Increased by the discovery that the passage to which the reverend gentleman's attention was directed was nothing else than the following innocent little paragraph of news :—: ' i "Grubley.—Wo are asked to state that Behotti'&|Origiiial Circus, one of tho oldest estab lished and most complete in the kingdom, will give two performances daily at Bounders Green during the whole of next week." ■ There seemed littlo enough in such an an nouncement to bring disquiot to the curate's mind. Possibly, he cherished a conscien tious objection to circuses, and rnnipmhfirprl I that, as Grub'.cy and Great "Wabbleton were only three miles apart, a section of the S. Arithanasius flock might be allured next week by the meretricious attraction at Bounders Green. Yet even such solicitudefor the welfare of the flock ofjwhich he was the as sistant shepherd seemed scarcely to account either for his obvious distress, or for the fragments of soliloquy that escaped him at every fresh study of the paper. ' Here of all places in the world—absolute ruin—no, not on any account!' At length, throwing down the " Post," the curate seized his hat, started at a rapid pace for the Vicarage, and was soon seated tete-a tete with his superior, an amiable old gentle man with a portly presence and an abiding faith in his assistant's abiliry to do the whole work of the parish unaided. ' Vicar, do you think you can spare mo for tbo next week or so? The fact is, I am feeling the want: of a change badly, and should be glad of a few days to run down to my people in Devonshire.' ' My dear Todd, how unfortunate ! I have just made arrangements to be away myself next week—and—and the week following. I am going up to London to stay with my :Old friend Canon Crazier. I was just coming- to tell you so when you called. If you don't mind waiting till I return, I've no doubt we can manage to spare you for a day or two. Sorry you're not feeling well. By-the-bye, has that tiresome woman Mrs. Dunderton been worrying you ? She came here yester day about those candles, and threatened to write to the Bishop and denounce us as Popish conspirators. Couldn't you go and talk-to her, and see if you can bring her to a more reasonable frame of mipd V The talk drifted to church and pariah matters, and, as soon as lie decently could, the curate took his leave, looking very much more depressed and anxious than erer. As he raised the latch of the vicarage gate, a yoice, whose sound he knew: only too well, called to him by name; and, turning, he be held Miss Carolina Cope, the Vicar's daughter, pursuing him skittishly down the garden path. Miss Caroline was not young, neither was she amiable, and her appearance was quite remarkably unattractive. All this would have mattered little to the curate, but for the fact that she had lately shown for him a marked partiality that had inspired him with considerable uneasiness. At this moment, when his mind was troubled with other matters, her unv.-elcorr.a appoaranco aroused in his breast a feeling of extreme irritation. ' Don't run away from me, you naughty, unfeeling man,' she began, with an elephan tine attempt at archness. 'I was going to ask you to take-me down to the schoolrooms, but I shall have to go alone if you fly away from me like this.' ■ : Mr. Todd, fervently wishing that flying ■were just then among his accomplishments, felt that now, while he was in the humor, was fhe timo to frco himself, finally if pos sible, from these embarrassing attentions. 1 ' I am sorry I cannot give myself the plea sure of accompanying you, Miss Cope. I have several.Bick persons and others to. call jupon in different parts of the parish, and my duties will fully occupy the whole of my •morning. , I'm afraid I don't happen to be going in the direction of the schools, so . I :mustsay'good-morning'here.' j Arid the curate'raised his hat and passed jon, fortifying himself with the reflection that i-what might in an ordinary case have been Tudeneaa was in this instance the merest and jmoat necessary self-defence. I Miss Cope stood looking after his retreating j figure with a viperous look in her face, and jwith.-a^ feeling of. intense rage, which she [promised herself to translate into action at jthe very earliest opportunity. | Early in the following week, tho Vicar jstarted for London, ^nd his curate was left in sole charge of the parish. That there was 'something1 amiss with Mr. Todd was evident jto all who came in contact with him, both (before "and after the Vicar's departure. His [former- geniality; seemed to have quite 'deserted him, and he looked worried, anxious, jand; ill;; The ladies of S. Athanasius were Igreatly concerned at the change, and: specu lated wildly, as to its cause. There was one 'among them, however, who made no jcomment upon the subject, and appeared, in ifact, to ignore tho curate's existence' al together. Whatever might be the source of jthafc' gentleman's troubles, he had, at any irafe, freed himsolf from tlie unwelcome [advances of Miss Caroline Oope. j The -third ■' morning after the Vicar's "departure, his assistant was sent for to visit la sick parishioner -who lived just outside iGreat Wabbleton, on the high road to Grub jley. The summons was an imperative one ; but ho he obeyed it with a;curious unwonted reluctance. As he reached the outskirts of the town and struck into theGrubley road his dis I bhI-b for his errand Kfir-msd to inc.rpaKo. and he looked uneasily from side to side with a strange, furtive glance, in singular contrast to his usual steady gaze and cheerful smile He reached his destination, however, without adventure, and remained for some time at the invalid's bedside. His return journey was destined to be more eventful. He had not proceeded far on his way back to Great iWabbleton, when a showily-dressed woman, who was passing him on the road, stopped Isliorb and regarded him with a prolonged and 'half-puzzled stare .that ended in a sudden cry |of -amazed recognition. ' Well—I'm blest— it's Tommy !' She was a buxom, and by no means unat tractive, person of about five-and- thirty, with an irresistibly ' horsey' suggestion ab-rnt her appearance and gait. As the'curate's eye met:horsy;he-turned .deadly pale, and his knees trembled beneath him. That which he hacj dreaded for days and nights had come to pass.. ■ ! 'Well, I'm blest r said the lady again, i' who'd have tbDRghtj of .mooting you here 'after all these years—and in this make-up, ! too ! ° But I should have known you among la thousand, all the same. Why, Tommy, jyo.u don't mean to say they've gone and made j a parson of you V ' The curate was desperate. His first im pulse was to deny all knowledge of the woman who stood gazing into his face with a comical expression of mingled amusement and surprise. But her next words showed him the hopelessness of such a course. 1 You're not going to say you don't know me, Tommy, though it is nigh twenty years since we were in the ring together, and vou'vc got into a black coot and a dog-collar. Fancy thom making a parson of you; Lord, who'd have thought it! Well, I've had a leg-up, coo, since then. I'm Madame* Ben otti now. The old lady died, and he made tne missus of himself and the show. Ho often talks about you, and wouldn't he stare, just, to see you in this rig-out!' ]>y this time, the Rev. Thomas Todd had recovered himself sufficiently to speak, and had decided that a bold course was the safest. 'I'm really glad to see you again,' ho said, with a shuddering thought of the fate of Ananias; 'it reminds me so of the old times. But, you see, things are changed with mo. You remember the old gentleman who circus? Well, he sent mo to school and college, and then sot his heart on my becom ing, aa you say, a parson. I haven't for gotten the old days, but—but you see, if the people round here knew about my having Been——' ' Lor' bless you, Tommy,' broke in the good-natured ' equestrienne,' ' you don't think I'd be so mean as to go and queer an old pal's pitch; you've nothing to fear from me; don't be afraid, there's nobody coming' —for tho curate was looking distractedly round. 'Well, I'm mighty glad to have seen ipou again, even in this get-up; but I won't Btop and talk to you any longer, or one of your flock might come round the corner, and then—0 my ! wouldn't there be a rumpus ? (Ha, ha, h& !' ;' | She laughed loudly,-and the clergyman looked round again in an agony. ! 1 No'w, Tommy, good-bye to you, and s'ood luck. | But look'hercj beforo you go, just for the sake of the old times, when you yore 'f little] Sandy,' and I used to do the bare backed business, you'll give us a kiss,, won't you, old man ?' ■ • ! i And before the unhappy curate could pre sent her, Madame Benotti had flutig her muscujar amis round his neck, and imprin ted two sounding kisses on his cheeks. - - ; At that fatal moment,, a female figure came round the bend of the road, and, to his indescribable horror, the curate recognised the dread form of the Vicar's daughter. She'had seen all—of that there could be no doubt, bub sho came on, passed them, and continued on her way to Grubley without the smalleafc sign of recognition. : ' My goodness, Tommy, I hope that old cat wasn't one of your flock,' remarked Madame Benotti, with real concern, as soon as she had passed. ' You look as scared as if you had seen a ghost; I hope I haven't ' But the curate waited to hear no more. With a hurried ' Good-bye' he tore himself away, and made his way back to his apart ments in a state bordering 011 desperation. Locking himself in, he paced the room for some time, groaning aloud in a perfect frenzy of. misery and apprehension. Then ho flung himself into his chair, buried his face in his hands, and tried to think what was beat to be done. After painful and in tense thought, he decided that there was nothing for it but to tell Miss Cope the whole story, and appeal to her honor to keep it to herself. But how if she chose to re-_ venge herself upon him by refusing to be lieve the story, or by declining to keep it secret 1 Ho could not conceal from himself that either of these results was more than possible. In that case, there remained only one resource; and it was of so terrible a nature that the curate positively shuddered at its contemplation. But it might even come to that; and better even that,"he told himself, than the exposure, the ridicule, and the professional ruin that must otherwise be fall him. : ' Hour after hour passed, and he was still nerving himself for the coming interview, when a tap came at the door, and a note, left by hand, was brought into him.. He gUnced, at the address, and : tore open the envelope with trembling hand. It contained these few rwords, without any sort of pre-, liminary:— ' " I think it right to give you warning that I shall take the earliest opportunity of making known your disgraceful conduct witnessed by me in the public streets this morning. " Caroline Cope." The Rev. Thomas Todd placcd the letter in .his pocket with an air of desperate re solve, and started forth for the Yicarage without another moment's delay. It was now or never—if lie hesitated, even for an hour, he might be irretrievably lost. Tho first answer brought to him by the servant who oppened the Vicarage door was not encouraging. ' Miss Cope was engaged, and could.not see Mr. Todd.' But the curate dared not allow himself to be put off so easily. ' Tell Miss Cope I must see her on business of the most serious importance,' he said; and the message was duly carrid to the Yicar's daughter. That lady after a moment's hesi tation, felt herself unable any longer to re sist enjoying a foretaste of her coming triumph, and ordered Mr. Todd to be ad mitted. .. The interview that followed confirmed the curate's worst fears. He told Miss Cope the whole story, and she flatly refused to be lieve a word of it. He begged her to go herself to the circus proprietor and his wifo for proof of its truth, and she simply laughed in his faoo. Ho appoalod bo Hex -livmor to keep the story secret, and she coldly re - minded him of tho duty that devolved upon her, in her father's absence, of protecting the morals of his congregation. Then at last, beaten and baffled at all points, the unhappy curate played his final card. He offered the 'Vicar's daughter, the best 'possible evidence of his sincerity by asking her to become his wife. The . effect was magical. It was the first chance of a husband, that had eyer come to Caroline in: in her tliirty-nino years of life, and she had an inward " conviction that it would be the last. The secret she had just, learnt was known' te no one in the parish" but herself, and so, after a brief pretence of further ' parley " to save appearances,, she jumped at the offer, and the curate left the Yicarage an engaged man. His last desperate throw/had succeeded. He had saved his. position and hia reputation ; but at what a cost he dared not even think. Within the next day or two, it became evident to all whom he met that there was something very seriously wrong with ..the Rev. Thomas Todd. His munrier became first morose and abstracted, and then wild and eccentric. He was seen very little in the to jvn, and when he did appear, his haggard face, his strange, absent air, and the unmistakable evidences of the profound depression that possessed him, were the objects of general remark. Some of the more charitable ex pressed a confident opinion that the curate had committed a crime ; others decided, with more penetration, that he was going mad. From Miss Cope he kept cirefully aloof. Tt had been arranged-at the fatal interview that their engagement should be kept secret until the return of the Yic'ar, whose sanction must ba obtained before the affair could be made public. Miss Cope was aware that the curate had two sermons to prepare in addition to bis parish duties—for ho would have to' preach twice on bundav owing to her father's absence; bo she did not allow his non-ap pearance at the Yicarage on Friday or Satur day to greatly surprise her. If she could have seen the .way in which the preparation of those sermons was pro ceeding, she might have found more cause for anxiety. Shut up in his room with curate sat for hours together, staring vacantly at the wall before him, and occasionally giv ing vent to a loud, strange laugh. The even ing of Saturday passed into night, and still he sat on, looking before him into the dark rsoas with the same vacant stare, and uttering from time to time the same wild, hoarse chuckle. The light of Sunday morning, streaming into the room, fell upon a weird, dishevelled figure, that still stared fixedly at the wall, and every now and then muttered strange and wholly unclerical words and phrases. Still the hours wero on, until the sun rose 'high in the heavens, and the bells began to ring for church. Then camo a knock at tho ;door. His lanelady, surprised by his neglect of tho breakfast hour, had been positively ialarmed when he showed no sign of heeding the approach of church time. The knock iwas repeated ; and then the clergyman sprang to Ilia feet and unlocked the door. ! ' Wait a moment,' he cried, with a wild ^laugh. 'Nowcoinc in!' Tho landlady put her head in at the door,!' and uttered a shriek of horror and amaze-. <ment. The Rev. Thomas Todd was standing |on his head in the middle of tho hearthrug. ' God bless ua and savo us—the poor gentleman's gone clean out of his wits !' The curate's only reply was a shrill whoop, (followed by an a^ile leap into an upright position, and a wild grab at the terrified lady, whoso thirteen stone of solid matronliood | he whirled round his head and tossed I across the room a3 if it had been a jfeather-weight. Then, hatleas and un ■' kempt, he tore down stairs into the street, and started at a furious pace in the direction of the S. Athanasius. It wanted three minutes to eleven, and tho last, ytroka of the .olanky church- bell had just died ly in a serie3 of unmusical vibrations. The townspeople, 'in all the »dJed importance of Sunday clothes, gathered in an cvei-lhiekcning kuut about the gates, greeting one another before they panned r,n into the church. At that moment, there floited towards them on the brcize a sudden, •sharp shout that rooted them to the spot in positive consternation. Houp-la I Jloup-la ! Hey ! Hey !! Hey !'!' And in another instant the unfortunate curate, tearing down the road, had flung and left by asoriesof vigorous and spleudidly executcd somersaults. With r. well-directed leap, a wild cry of ' Hero we are again ! he Vaulted lightly over the church gato, and began to run up the path cowards the door, until, at last, the horrified onlookers awoke, to the realities of the situation and half-a dozen sturdy townsmen rushed upon and seized the unhappy man. Then a woman's piercing scream as heard and the Vicar's daughter, who had just arrived on the scene, fell fainting to the ground. ! There was no service at S. Athanasius that morning, and the Rev. Thomas Todd was later on conveyed, still Bhouting fragments of circus dialogue, to the County Lunatic Asylum. The curate's mind had temporarily given way beneath the strain of the position in which he had found himself, placed, and. of the horrible future that lay before him, and his insanity had taken the form of an imaginary return to the scenes of his early life. When, some two years later, he was discharged cured, he attached himself to a mission about to start for the South African Coast, and left England without re-visiting Great Wabbleton. I Long afterwards, Miss Caroline Cope, in a burst of confidenco, ono day related to her special friend, Miss Lavinia Murby, the doctor's daughter,how the Rev. Thomas Todd • had proposed to her a few days before his melancholy seizure. 1 ' Ah, my dear, you see he couldn't have been right, even then,' was that lady's sympathetic commont. 