BONNY KATHLEEN OR THE MOONLIGHT MARRIAGE. CHAPTER XXX. Neither Gordon Ghetwynd, nor his uncle, Mr. Casbleton, had heard that hoarse, excited cry which burst from Doris' lips as she recognised in the latter her reoremt husband, Noel Thetford Dr el i ngco u r t— the £a*her of Kathleeu— and wholly unconscious of that pale and breathless watcher who* crouched behind the shrubbery at the opposite end of the porta cochore/and gazed at them with dilated eyes, the younger man proceeded to assist the elder in alighting, from the carriage ana mountingthe broad flight of shallow st mo stpps which led to the door way of the Ohose. It was not because his uncle was either very o]<J :or very feeble that Ohetwynd did this—-it was merely, from force of . habit, since Mr. Castleton never walked twenty yards with his - nephew and heir linking hia arra in Gordon's, aud id addition to. that fact, .there was this' peculiar circumstance: For some reason which he chose hot to express to his nephew, a visit bo. Ford ham Chase always afiboted Mr. Castleton in a singular manner. At sight of the noble lawns, the bloom ing parterres, and the giant trees over whose green tops the suns of a hundred summers had risen and' sot, a strange pallor always crossed his countenance, and his foot never crossed \ the||fchreahold of the house that he did mt shudder as though some dead pretence confronted him or some dead-hand reached out and took his own. > , He shuddered now, os he reached the top of the steps and glanced toward the hallway where Jordick stood—like a wooden' effigy .tricked out in plush and silk stockings—holding open the door and giving no more sign of animation than if he hadbean a part of it. Gordon felt that tremor as it shook the arm' that was linked In bis, and turning, glanced at Mr. Castleton. “ It—is the heat and the scent of the flowers, I think,” explained his uncle, comprehending at once the unspoken query which was manifest in the young man's eyes, and, as was.his custom, attributing his nervousness to some trifling object, connected with the Chase. At one time it bad been, a statute which looked(l) “ so weird aud ghost-like | that it startled him,” and at another, it bad been an insect which flew in his face; there was always some explanation offered, but it was nearer the truth than this. ‘ “Let us wait a moment before we go; indoors, Gordon," he went on quickly. ! visibly shrinking from' the threshold. “It must be cooler out here, for the day is moat oppressive, and I should like to rest awhile upon this pleasant veranda, if you have no objection." j Before Ohetwynd could reply to this, there carae a patter of hasty footsteps, a flatter of drapery, and then, with a cry like that of a happy child, Rosamond darted out upon the verandah and thraw herself into .Gordon's arms. “ Oh, my darling, have you come back to me at last!” she cried, as he stooped and touched his lips to hers. “Oh,Gordoo,I have been so lonely-r-so lonely I If you had stayed away another day, I should have gono ; melkncholy-ma<l.- - — --■ J “ Should* you; indeed?” he answered, with a tender Smile, as he stroked her bright Hair and tenderly , patted her cheek. If I bad known that, Sunshine, I- think I * would have braved my displeasure and insisted npoh leaving London yesterday. You must* blame him for my protracted absence. He insisted upon remaining in (be city until noon to-day, in order to transact some business with his at torneys.”' “ And you could keep Gordon awoy from me a whole day later than you promised, just because of some horrid law business, Uncle Julian?” pouted Rosa mond, as she fluttered over to the chair where Mr, Castleton had .established himself, and stooping, dropped a kiss upon bis handsome face. “Ob, yoa heartless man I No wonder that you have been allowed to sink into crabbed old bachelor hood, when you have no more considera tion (ban that for the weaker sex. You don't deserved that kiss, sir and so— There 1”—as she pressed her lips to the some spot again—“I've taken it back,yon heartless old man I" Mr. Castleton smiled up at her, and then putting out his arm drew her to Jiim. ** J think I'm the gainer by that opera tion, Puss,” he said. “ But don’t blame me for my misfortunes —they're not my fault, I assure yon. A man can't help growing old, you know, and you in us n't blame me, if I have reached the old, old age of forty-seven, and am afflicted with the weakness duo to such an advanced stage of,existence. And as to being a bachelor ” something like a tremor oame into his voicerand his lips quivered, as he tried to smile. “Don't blame mejfor that,either l”he went on. “ Perhaps if I—I bad met some one like you, 1 should have been the head of a large and numerous family this time. Bat that Would hardly be to your satis faction, I fear, Puss, for if I had had chil dren of my own, I should not have been obliged to adopt that good-looking young rascal whom yon have favoured with your love," * ' • DbriSj Crouching behind the bushes— almost swooned, as she heard these Words ; , **So then, the story that man told me Utihe wife and children in England was a lie I 1 ' she said, under h ; r breath,. ** Ah, my Heaven; what does tin's mystery mean! I! Noel was a single man when ho mar ried' me, our union was a legal one, and Kathleen’s birth was without a stain. But if that.is true, why did' he desert me? Why did be invent that falsehood ? Why tost me off, «i though I we. e tome; vile creature, and why brand his own child with a stigititi' which eventually drove her to take her own life t If bo had tired of inoand wanted his r freedom; hooeed only have asked for it—I would have given him my heart's Wood if ,T thought ;it would'make him ha ' Am -I his or am I .not? Is ..this story of his bachelorhood ** merely /another f’jhejioi'd Has - thete been still another Wife— another discarded victim ? of-r-what? God help and pity my I My brain is lri a whirl, an'd I koow not what to. think 1”' At this juncture, Rosamond’s voice again sounded in the poor, pate watcher’s ears. ■ ** Ob, I must be off to my dressing n( jyr/' she suddenly exclaimed. “ I was just upon tbo point of gitlng myself into ToinetV.s Hands when 1 heard the 1 carri age coming Pp the drive, Gordon, and I could not another moment past before I felt you* dear arms ipo. But I must go now—rftod so' roust- you, for we are to have company at dinner, and I want you to look youtf- very beat My friend Miss Charlock is cemiog over to spend the, evening at the Chase and— Yes, yes! coming, Toihobte, coming! There you see, I.haven't time to tell you about it now. But I've planned such a lark for this evening; and just as soon ns I have finished dressing, Gordon f I'll come down to the draw.irig-rpom and tell you nil about it." Jordiok,” she added, as she fluttered toward the ' door, “ tell Parker that- Mr. Oh-twynd has arrived and wishes to begin his toilet imme diately; Do you ran up to your, rooms and dress, as quickly as you can, Gordon, for I have such a lot to tell you before dinner.” 'Then, blowing him a kiss from the tips of her fingers, she hastened indoors and disappeared, leaving the two men alone upon the verandah.. Meantime, Doris, half crazed by the thoughts which crowded in upon her, had crept away under the shadow of the .blossoming shrubs, until she was oat of sight and sound of all that transpired upon the verandah, and, sinking down in a secluded spot, covered her face with her hands, and tried to think. It was a long- white before she could decide upon the course which she was now to pursue, for fate had placed herbelwoen two fires; For the sake of Gordon Chetwynd and bis wife, she felt that she ought to fly from the Chaso at once, but for her own sake—for the unravelling of the mystery which surrounded Julian Oastleton, and the clearing of her own long blemished reputation—she felt that she ought to re main ; that it was a duty she owed her self as well as to the memory of Kath leen. “ But if he sees me, perhaps be will recognize me, throw some fresh stumbl ing-block in my path, and so prevent all my efiorts to discover the truth,” she mused. “If I could remain here and preserve my identity a secret from him and from Gordon Chetwynd, too, I might be able to ferret out this mystery. If I could so disguise myself that neither of them would reegnize me ” She stopped, startled by the thought which flashed into her mind and for many moments sat silent—thinking. “Ah, yes! ah, yes! it could be done that way !” she said at length. “ Gordon Chetwyod’a wife wonld readily consent to such a plan if I were to ask it os a favor, and she would never dream of the truth —never dream!” Inspired by the thought which had entered her mind, she arose hastily and taking a roundabout course crept unseen behind the shrubs and trees until she reached the rear of the house and was once more standing before the place whore she had applied for admission upon her arrival at the Chase, namely : the door at which the servants and tradespeople were admitted. The snn had now dropped entirely out of sight, and that mellow, long-lingering twilight—which, in some parts of Eng land, lasts until nine o’clock—had fallen aver the beauties of the Chase and made the very air seem as though it were filled wHn impalpable gold dust. She hurried to the door and was ad mitted by a servant, of whom she inquired for Mrs. Flaxen. The housekeeper—who had long since received the message which Rosamond had sent her by Jordick—came forward at once, and perceiving Doris, dropped her a queer, stiff little courtesy. - “You're the French person that’s to occupy the gray clmmber.for-a wools nod then to fill the position of under-house keeper, 1 suppose,” she said in a rather frosty mainner. “I don't approve of French mam’zells in general, and my idea of an under-housekeeper is a person of age and experience, ma'am, but, howsom ever, it’s Mrs. Chetwynd's orders, and so, I suppose, yon must be took on.” “I fear that you have been misin formed, or that the servant who carried the message did not quite understand what Mr*. Chetwynd said, Mrs. Flaxen,” returned Doris with a smile. “It is hot I who am to fill the post of under- house keeper, but a friend of mine who will arrive here to morrow, and who wiil, I trust, prove to be quite your ideal under-housekeeper, Mrs. Flaxan. She is an Englishwoman, like yourself, is an experienced housekeeper, and in addition to that is at least fifty years of age. “Oh, that's quite a different matter, ma’am,” returned Mrs. Flaxen, consider ably mollified. “ I dare say that if it had a-been you, we’d have managed t.o get along tolerable, but I don’t mind confess ing that 1 can't abide foreigners, and, against them frog- eating French, I’m most uncommon set. Springer ” —turning to a trim housemaid—“just show mapa’zell up to the gray chamber, and come down again just as quick as ever you can. Bung jaw, mam’zell—or whatever it is that yon French say at such times. * I’m so put about this evening that yon’ll have' to excuse my not showing you to your rooms myself. “ Which,” she added in confidence to the servants os Doris and Springer disap peared, “is a thing I wouldn’t do for no parley vooing person that ever was born.” Meantime, Springer escorted Doris up the servants’ staircase and thence to the gray chamber—which, being one of the apartments usually reserved for guests, was equipped with all the necessary requirements, not the least of which was a writing-desk containing pens, ink, paper, a postal list, and a Bradshaw. Drawing a shilling from her pocket, Doris slipped it into the maid’s hand. “As I shall bo obliged to return to London to-night, and cannot hope to see Mrs Chetwynd in person before it would be too late to catch the next train, I shall leave a note for her upon that desk. You will do mo a great favor if you-will come up here as soon os I have gone and carry that note to her,” Sprinter promised that she would ; and with that promise, took her departure. A.nd hastening at once to the little desk, Doris took np a pen and wrote as follows: My Dear Mrs, Chetwynd.— l have just m*t a person who has just given mo what I have so long and vainly sought - news of my late husband’s relatives, who, It appears, have long been searching for me, 1 am told that there is a property due me, and that the person who h ftß the matter in charge is h> present visiting some parties in the West Hiding of Yorkshire, In order to me-1 this gentleman, lam compelled to leave the Chase within the hoar, other wise I would remain until such time us % could see you in person and thank you for the kindness you have shown mo. As I leave, I-widi to ask one groat favor at your hands, and you are To good to the poor that I feel persuaded you will grant it, “ At the house where I have so long lodged in London there is a dear, kind bid maiden lady—one Miss Gwilt—who bos soon better days, and is now in such straightened circumstances that I know she is oft£o obliged to wont for (ho bore necessities ©! life. What I want to ask of yon is will you 5 not give to her the place you offered tome, and accept ]her as under-househeeper in my stead ? Ah 1 do it, Mrs. Chetwynd, m the oauae of charity, and yon will have her prayers and mine., Indeed, I feel so sure that you will do this, I shall take upon myself •he responsibility of sending Mias Gwilt to you, for I know that your tender heart will warm to her the moment she comes into your presence. Good-bye l and God bless you, Mrs; Chetwynd. When this matter, which calls me away so suddenly, has been settled, I will do myself the honor of returning to the Chase for one sweet hour that 1 may thank you in per’ son for the tender wornauly kindness you have shown me. . God bless and protect you always is the prayer of Yours gratefully, M’LtB Dobis. Passing the blotter over the still wet ink as she signed this letter, Doris inclosed it in an envelope, learned from the Bradshaw at what hour the next train left Wolverhampton for London, and, rising, donned her bonnet and veil which had been carried up by a servant to the Gray Chamber after that apart ment had been assigned to her, and she and Rosamond bad strolled off to inspect the grounds of the Chase. “ * Miss Gwilt’ will be received,” she said to herself as she alipp d out of the room and went swiftly down the ser vants’ staircase, “ and Mias Gwilt shall be Doris Clayton in disguise I” 