CHAPTER XXIV. HAN AUD WIFE. 8o loogThy power bath tileased me, son it BtUI Will lead me on O'er moor tod feu, or crafrand torrent, till The sight h tona, Then with the nera thou angel voices nolle Which I hive loved long riiioe, and lost awhile. -,N*WHXN." Andrew did not remain at the cottage after Kitty was taken indoors, hut instead hurried batik to tit, Neot. He found that Mist lieMnt Km been true-to her word. The villagers ullwjoioed at baring faeoeesary food, While work had been found for the moat SMe&sitbus; until they could return' to their ordinary, avocations. He wag greatly rtjoired that this was the oasfe, for he- felt himself unable to do any more. It was now three days' sinoe he had h»d any proper rest, BO finding hit way to his lodgings he threw him self on hit bed in order to get some sorely needed rest. When he awoke he heard some one knooking Bit, hit bedroom dbor. Hp found that it was broad daylight too, and for a time be could hardly realize his whereabouts. "Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Fairfax,"said his land: lady. 'J Yes, all-riffht. . Have I slept long!" .' Ever sinoe yesterday noon, " Anythingthe matterf' " Amos Crews wants yon."' " Amos; oh, all right. I'llbedownsoon." He burned downstairs Mid found the old man waiting anxiously. "Will Tse com* np to crar 'ouse, Maaeter Andrew!" Iw aaid, tremulously. "Anything the matter J" "The deear maid do want to see'ee, eur." Andrew quickly , ate- the breakfast that WAT prepared for him, and went'on by: Amoa'e aide., The old man did not' speak, but he looked in the direotion of his cottage, J and then was a dreanjy far away, expression in his eyes. " fa Kitty well enough to. aee met" asked Andrew, a* they oame up to the cottage. "Shie's waitin' for'ee, sur, waitin' for 'ee." Silently Andrew followed him into the room where the. young girl lay. She looked very pals, very, fragile. " You wanted to see me, Kitty," he eaid, " Im goin' to die, Maaster Fairfax. I'm -j goin'to die." " Don't «ay that," replied the young man. She shook her head. "I know," she said, "Iknow. Do you think I'would have asked you here else?" and. a flush oame on her pale cheek; " But Ito'Hot afraid to die. no, not a bit." " Blfeai the Iioard,"said Amos, fervently, "she's one of the Ijoard's dear obHdrm, for oal'the world may say. I tell 'ee the 1 Bidden gates of 'eavenwill be opened wide for | she.". " I believe they-will," replied Andrew. " I've no fear, said the girl, " no fear. At first I thought there oould be no hope for snob aa me, and' then. I seemed - to see Jesus speakin' to Mary. And I teemed tohearHim say,' Yer granfer have forgiven you, and I love yon a thousand times more than he. I oame to die for you.' ' I've had' no.fear ainoe, j for I seem as though I've been restin' with Him." For a minute there wat a silence, then she went on " But-but-I want to be hie-his "wife afore I go. I've no name, you know, and I want to be oalled Kitty Gundy afore I'go," and she] looked up into his eyes with a besseehingJook. Andrew saw-what ehe meant. "If it oan bait shall be," he said. He went - away without a word more, and i hurried across thefield towardeTrevadlook. He was not long in finding the young farmer, and without hesitation he told his story. "You main that I must marry herf said | young Sim; " Justthat.'" " But what will Miss Martin say T" "Gundy," eaid Andrew, "you mutt'do | this: You've killed her, killed her as surely j as if yon had stabbed' her to the heart with a knife, and now you shall make what re paration you can. The girl is your wife in 1 reality,- you must make her so in the eyes of the law. . For the first time he seemed to realize what j he bad done. Hitherto he' had seemed only afraid of oonsequenoes,'earing nothing for the" einiteelf; now, for aminute he seemed to see himself as be was. "8be loves you," went on Andrew, "she was ready to saoriuoe everything for you. Be a man, Gundy; do what you can BOW." " Is it possible 5" he said at length. " Can we be married out ov Churoh?" "I will arrange everything," said Andrew, " if you will be a man." For a minute the young farmer stood as if fighting with a great teifiptation, then he buret out passionately "No, by ; you shall not do it. IH do it. I only love she-my Kitty. I'll go and spaik to the possen, and everything. Come weth me-oome I" . J There was a new light in the young farmer's ? eyes as be took hoid of Andrew s arm. " Where are you going t" asked Andrew. "Goin'to Kitty. I He epoke no other word till they reached the cottage, where they met Amos. The old man's eyes flatbed dangerously as he saw his grand child's destroyer. " What do 'ee want here?" he asked. "I want Kitty-I want to see my wifel" For a minute the old man seemed stunned, then he led the way to Kitty's room. The I two entered together, and Kitty looked up j with joy in ber eyes. "Leave us alone,"he said to Amos. "I want to be With my wife." There was new strength, new power in bis voioe, and, wonderingly, Amos obeyed. "Have you' left them alone together?" aiked Andrew. " Yea, and 'ere^s mother, she's oome away too," and Amos turned towards his wife. In- about a quarter of an hour young Sim oame baok. " Come with me," be said to Andrew, " and s£e that I do the right thing. I bate you; j you've made me seem like atlivil. But never mind, loan be a man as well as you. Kitty's my wife, do you hear ? Tell everybody that I Baid BO. My wife 1 l am goin'to the passen now. I want to arrange everything so that he' oan come and mhrry ns. Do you see? I want to make baste 1 Kitty may-may oome on, quiclrl" The two hurried on to the reotbry, and were soon closeted with the clergyman. Young Sim told his story, told it as though he were - anxious that all evil should be laid on biin. " I want 'ee to marry ns, Passen Ohilds," he said, "She es my wife,'but I wantoal the world to knaw it." I The clergyman epoke of the irregularity of theproesedmg. "That's nothing tome. This Fairfax savs it oan bn done. You must oome and do it. Do' you hefcr ? I'm going to make every arrange ment, and as soon as possible 111 let ee' knaw." Two days afterwards there was a curious gathering at old Amos's cottage. Kitty was still alive, but her face was flushed, and her eves flashed strangely. Parson Ohilds was there, too, and Andrew, and young Sim and. the doctor. " la all ready and right?" said the young j tantinr to the clergyman. "Yes, yes, Ibelievethat"-= "That'll do. Now, Fairfax; you<shaU see' 'that I'm a man ee goOd as you. I lave Kitty; Bhe,a*tiy wife. Fm going to make her eo by law. Passen, ate you ready ?" They entered the bedroom. Kitty lay panting on the eoanty pillows, 'with a bright look in ber eyes. 8be watched' Sim'a faofe with an anxious' expression, atid then, when he oame to her side, ehe took his J band and oarefcsed itfond ly. They arranged themselves arouifd the bed,, while the clergyman opened his hook. > "Gr&nfer;, granny," eaid Kitty, "Iebpnld like to have the the saorament before ' " Have you bread and wine?" said- the clergyman. "If so, it can be administered at onoe." t " Mauter Andrew brought some wine laa&t; night," eaid the old woman with quavering voioe, while Sim looked angrily at Andrew1, as though be loathed the thought of his doing ?anything which he -himself ought to have done. The wine was brought into the room, pnd pou red into a oup. 1 " If there were time we might have had the sacrament oup from the Churoh." said tblp alergyman, aa be prepared to adroiniste* the ?acred rite. , " Let granfer (five it me," sfcid Kitty tremu lously. *' It would seem. better from him." The clergyman looked' indignant, »d! seemed about to speak, but one look aft' old Amos'* face checked him. There was the look of an inapired prophet in hiseyes, andbeed lees o[ the reotor'a presence, he fell on his. knees. "Let us pray," he said. There was* wondrous power in ilia voioe, m though One mightier than he spoke through him, andin spite of' everything- the old priest > .knelt with .the rest. "Dear Loard," said Amos, in faltering accents, "Thou knowest that one of Thy little children hev oome back to Thy anal 'heart. The doctor i3o say that wet»ao't keep her here, Loard; and so we oome to Thee in this way. Thoudidst oome among us to tell, us of Thy love, and to show us the wayof life, and now we commemorate Urslym' love. Thou art very near to us, Loard. We feel Thee, and so we know, that this saoRUnent will be very preoious to our souls. Save us from all Sin-help as to forgive-even- our enemies. Ay, they who have ' wronged nB, as Thou knowest Loard, I do, and Loard Jesus help us to say, 'Thywill be done.'" ' Theyrosefrom their knees, and - then Amos with trembling limbs,' but reverently, partook of thB bread and tib wine, and gave to the dying girl. "1 know that the dear Lo&Tddoforgire; mo,"sbeaaid, "Tor I love-Himso, and I have euoh pease -at "my heart." : Several times' the rebtor seemed' about to Jrtotsst, but was unable; A' hallowed pte* eenoe pervaded' the- room; A Power was there wbioh forbade priestly assumption and bigotry. l%ey seemed to be «H led to the besot ?of things," and saw--that religion was of- the Spiritand'not of' orm. " Andnow;"said Amos,' "will youdo your work, Maaster Childc J" The? reotor opened his book- again while youojrSIm tookhold of - Kitty's hand. Solemnly the-oM! clergyman read the iter -viee.firmly andeteadily didyoungSim make his* responses; while quietly but' clearly did Kitty say-the worde that madeher-hism the eyes-of' the law. "Simeon' Oundy, wilt', thou have this -woman to be thy lawful- wedded- wife?" "I will." "KittyOrews, wilt'thou bwve tbwman to be thylawfal wedded- husband I" . . "IwilL" Young Sim placed the ring on her finger, while a wan smile crept over her-f aee. " . . . In the name of the father, Son, and. Holy Ghost,. I pronounQe you man and wife; whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder." " Parson, are we married now, are weV "In the eyes of God,, yes; but you mast sign the" " Bring them here quick." Thebooks were brought and eaoh signed, Kitty writing her name clearly and legibly. "Are we married now?'' asked the young farmer again. " Yes. "In the eyes of the law?" "In the eyes of the law." " Do you hear that, Kitty t You are mine in the eyes of the law." She looked up at him with a glad smile. " My husband," she said, softly. She lay back on the pillows while a great change oame over her. A film crept over her eyes. "Help I" cried Sim, " her hands be gettin*' oold." The dootor oame near and shook his bead. "She is going fast," he said, "the unnat ural strength which ehe possessed is gone, and now she will go out like a spark." , "She musn't" oried the young farmer. " She's my wife, do you hear, ray wife 1 Look up, Kitty, my darlin'; speak to me. You are my wife. You are Kitty Oundy 1" 1 But Kitty spoke not, while her eyes closed. All stood silently around by the bedside and watched the dying girl. Pftsently she looked up again, while her hands pressed those1 of her husband, I " Will you kneel and say ' Oar Father' with me ?" she said to Sim. The young farmer knelt down, sobbing like1 a child: " I always loved you, Kitty," he murmured, "only you." She did not reply save by a wan smile, and thbn began the Lord's Prayer. Word by word they repeated it together until they came to the words, " AB we forgive them that tres pass against us," then she stopped. " Whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder," she murmured. And we are" " Man and wife," said Sim, husk\Iy. " For ever and ever," she murmured. " For ever and ever, so help me God." Her mouth moved as if she said Amen, but they heard no words. For a minute they thought she bad gone, but the lite was not yet extinct. The lips still quivered, the breath still oame. After a few seootids ehb looked up with a glad look in her eyee. "You are notdisgraoed," she Baid, looking towards her grandparents, " I am his wife." Tears trickled- down their wrinkled face;, while Sim said, huskily " Yes, my God, my wife." " For ever and ever," she murmured, as if in a dream: then a shiver passed- tbsough her frame-ana they knew that all was over. Old Amos looked at the sweet placid face, and lifted-his eyes upward. "Lord, now lettest thou Thy servant depart in peace, for mine eyes have seen Thy salvation," he skid, 'solemnly, when one by one they left the room, leaving the man and his wife together. 