THE PEER AM THE WOMAN. BY E. PHILLIPS ORPBSHEIN, OHAPTER XVI. NO. BBUDXELL'S ADVICE. Thete were very few family eolioitors in ^ondon of higher etan"ing than Mr. John Wtidnell, of John Brudnell & Sons, Bedford •™! r - The names on the piles of tin boxes Whioh lined his private office from floor to ceiling were most of thein familiar by their greatness, and never failed to inspire awe in the minds of a casual caller or a fresh olient. On one of the largest and most prominent of these was painted in large letters the name of the Earl of Harrowdean. Mr. Brudnell, his father, and before bira his grandfather, had managed successfully and carefully the affairs of the Alceston family, and Mr. Brudnell himself had been admitted to terms almost of intimacy with the deceased peer. Consequently the lawyer was by no means surprised on his arrival at the oflioe at 10 o'clock on the morning following Lord Alceston's interview with his mother to be told that the young Earl of Harrowdean was waiting to see him in his private room. If he was not surprised, Mr. Brudnell seemed by no means eager for the impending interview, not by any means so eager as a family lawyer usually is to receive for the first time a visit from the recent inheritor of a great name and estates. He stepped slowly back into the street and dismissed the trim little brougham which had brought him from his luxurious littie villa at St. John's Wood, and than, instead of immediately re-entering the ofiice. he strolled for a minute or two slowly up and down the pavement with downcast eyes and with his bands folded behind him. He was a man of tall and commanding presence, and with nothing about bis personality, at all events, of the typical lawyer. But none the less he enjoyed a great reputation in legal circles for shrewdness and acumen, and the confidence of his clients in his advice was most flattering. Many a younger son bad lived to bless the day when be had cat the Jews and taken the conventional but safe course of consulting the family solicitor, and many a long standing family feud bad been healed up lor ever by the exercise of his kindly tact and persuasive manner. But though Mr. Brudnell was a man of the world, and was possessed of an almost unlimited experience in the management of his clients, for once in his lifetime he felt in a quandary. Of course there were a hundred matters on which the Earl of Harrowdean might have come to consult him—but supposing it should be that! How was he to get out of it ? What explanation or answers conld he possibly giro? At best he oould cut but a poor figure, unless he lied, and strange though it may appear, notwithstanding his profession, Mr. Brudnell never permitted himself to deviate from the strict truth. He had often anticipated some such interview as this; but although he liked always to be prepared for any emergency, he bad never been able to formulate any satisfactory scneme for dealing with it. As he stood reflecting for the last time on the steps of his office he could see only one course to take, and it was by no means a pleasant one. It might cost him his post as legal adviser to the Abeeton family, but there was no other oourse open to him, he decided, as he thoughtfully twirled hie long grey moustaches the last time, and then turned into the office. Lord iAIoeston was walking impatiently up and down his private room when he entered it. At the sound of the opening door he stopped short and turned round. "Ah, good morning. Air. Brudnell. I'm an early visitor yon see." "Very glad to see you, Lord Alceston, at any time," the lawyer answered drawintr off his gloves. "Won't you sit down. You'll find that eaay chair comfortable." Lord Alceston took it and sat for a moment or two in silence, watching Mr. Brunrfell while he carefully hung up his overcoat and hat, and put the gardenia which he drew '"from hie button hole into a little vase filled with fresh water. Then he took a chair in front of his table and turn tne round on it faced his client. "You have come to have a talk about the property of couree, my Lord." he began. " There is a good deal about which I should like your opinion and instructions. The long leases on theClanavon estate for instance " " I did not come to talk about the estate or anything to do with it," Lord Alceston interrupted. '' My errand is a totally different one." The lawyer looked into the pale, almost desperate face of the young peer, and knew that what he feared was coming. But he did nothing to make the task easier for his client. I He sat in absolute silence for several minutes and waited for the inevitable. "What I came to see you about," Lord Alceston commenced slowly, "has reference to my father's private affairs." " I thought so," groaned the lawyer to himself. "Naturally after I had recovered a little from the first horror of hi? murder the first thing which occurred tome was a strong desire that the man who had committed this hideous deed should be found and punished. I felt, and feel now, that I shall never rest uneil the rope is around the neck of the villain who committed that brutal murder. You are a man, and can scarcely won^«r at this, I think, Mr. Brudnell." Mr. Brudnell acknowledged gravely that the 1 feeling was a natural one, and then looked away from the keenly Sashing eyes which were fixed upon him, with a little sigh and a presentiment of approaching trouble. "Mr. Brudnell, I loved my father. Vengeance may be a most unchristianlike sentiment, but it is a very natural one. It has laid hold of ire, has laid hold of me so completely that every other feeling seems swept away before it. I have 6worn that the m»n who killed my fathei must die. :> " Every one must hope that the police will succeed in their quest, and that the wretch will expiate his crime' on the eoaffold," murmured the lawyer sontentiously. " I was at Scotland Yard yesterday making enqniriop, and they seemed hopeful." Curse Scotland Yard !" said Lord Alceston impatiently, for the lawyer's tone a3 well as the mention of the place had irritated him. "I never expeoted that Scotland Yard would do any good." " Then how, may I ask, did you hope that the murderer would be discovered i" Mr. Brudnell enquired. ' I meant to track him down myself," the young man answered fiercely. " Ay, and I mean so still. But before I had been able to take my first step even, I receive—what has been a great shock to me " Mr. Brudnell said nothing, but waited for Lord Aloeston to proceed. His face was generally as impassive as a face could be, but at that moment he felt it hard to conceal the apprehension which was drawing in upon him. Lord Alceston, watching him closely, ssw it. and it made him all the more eager. " It was suggested to me, Mr. Brudnell, I will not say by whom or how, that there may be in my father's past life some secret which would afford the olue to his murder. It is further suggested that abont this secret there may be something at least of guilt, something for which at any rate the world would not hold him guiltless. I am told that this hideous crime may be the vengeance of tome injured man, and'that if I prosecute my search for him I may drag into life some disgraceful story of the past which will bring shame upon my father'? memory. As though in support of this I am told a circumstance which happened on the night of his mmder, which if generally known would at leaEt cause Ecandal, and for thatreason I am bidden, 1" am implored, to let the whole matter rr«t. and to I"* thp n.nrri-rpr go in peace." "If there be any truth in the suggestions of which you speak, my Lord." the lawyer re- Barked in a low tone, "the advice was •?ood 1" "But do you think that I believe in this— this—" " The very bzat men have sometimes sinned <n the days of their youth," Mr. Brudnell interrupted him. "True, and, if ir.v father ever did so. I will not be bis judge. But before I let his murder remain unavenged, I must know more—I must hear something more than suggestions. ' There was a short silenoe. Seeing that, the lawyer was not disposed to break it, Lord Alceston arose, and moving to the opposite side of the writing table, stood facing him. "Mr. Brudnell, listen to me! If there is anything in my father's life which he kept concealed from the world, you are the one man who would know it. You know that I am not here out of mere idle curiosity. If anything less depended upon it I would never dream of needless prying into his secrets. But what has happened alters all that. It is my duty to ask and vours to tell anything whiob can throw light upon this. I ask you a plain question, Mr. Brudnell, give me a plain answer. Have you any reason to belinve that in following out my search for my father's murderer I run any" risk of bringing to light anything which had better be kept secret?" The lawyer did not hesitate a moment. He looked straight into the pale, anxious face bending over towards his, and answsred him— "I have." • My God'." Lord Alceston took a quick step backward, as though he hud received a blow. He had come here Quite expecting soir.e such avowal, and yet, now that it had come, it. came as a shock to him. No man had ever teemed to him so near perfection as his own father. He was not given to hero worship, or he would certainly have made a hero of him. Courteous and brave, gentle ana dignified, almost an aecetio himself in his manner of life, yet always charitable, and never een- Borious, a finished courtier and a gentleman, all these he knew his father to have been. And now he was to believe that beneath mil this there had been an inner life, and that the ghosts of former sins hod risen from their tombs and wrought out a swift and ter- ObleveDgeance. "You must tell me all about it," be said Blowly. "I must know all." " I cannot," the lawyer said. " But I tell you that I will know," cried Lord Aloeston fiercely. " I will hear the whole story, and I will judge for myself what risk I run of bringing it all to light, if I carry on the search for his murderer. Do you think that my vengeance can die EO easily—can fade away at two words from you. I must know all." " Never from me," said the lawyer. " Then the shame be upon you," cried Lord Alceston bitterly, "if I do mischief, for I shall follow this thing out to the bitter end." The lawyer rose to his feet, and held up his hand, for Lord Alceston had caught up hiB hat as though about to depart. "Sit down, mv Lord," he said, "and I will tell you what I may." 