OUR NOVEL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED UNDER THE GREAT SEAL, A NOVEL, BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of " Clyde," " By Order of the Czar," " John Needham's Double," of Cruel London," to. PART III. CHAPTER I. "The Mad Englishman on Fierce." Two rains. The first almost human in its time-worn aspect, its blind windows, broken columns. The second entirely human, the living wreck of a man. The first a decayed palace with a brave and brilliant history. The second a man, battered by cruel blows of fate, aged before his time, but with the windows of his soul still undimmed, except for here and there a film that had come from the shedding of many tears. The marble ruin was not entirely deso- late. It had a custodian, one who knew it when its echoes resounded to the laugh and shout of triumph and festival. The human rain was alone, solitary in the great world. In its pinched and wounded heart lay the everlasting difference between the dead ruin and the living it 'Was the well-spring of hope that keeps green some green sunny spots in the dreariest past and freshens the most arid forecasts of the future. At the date of this history, Trate, the historian, will tell you that visitors to Venice must have remarked in passing down the Grand Canal an ancient building with its open loggia on the first , storey, ornamented with marble columns, having Byzantyne capitals. The antique facade set with slabs of Greek marble and encrusted with circular escutcheons was at ling into rain, its interstices choked with earth and moss. Here and there trailing vines and varied creepers had taken root in floor and crevice, giving that touch of leaf and flower that always arrests the attention wherever it is observed among the halls and palaces of this city in the sea. The Turkish custodian still lived there and might be seen leaning against the last arch of the loggia, a type of Eastern innobility, indifferent to the gondolas passing and repassing under his eyes, looking, but seeing nothing. "A , poet who did not know that placidity of the Oriental, which looks like dreaming, and yet is so dreamless, might have imagined that he read a look of wistful mess in this man's eyes, and that the forlorn warder was thinking of the ancient glories of Venice." In these present days if you would see a with the eyes of the historian and follow the adventures of the hero of Heart's Delight you must look back through the spick and span facings of the palace that have blotted out the resting place of the prisoner of Tafilet. There are Venetians still living who knew the old palace and its, picturesque custodian. The stones are fresh that have been piled on the ancient foundations, and the present writer has moved his gondola by the steps in the Grand Canal, and talked with an old Venetian who had seen the faded faces, and knew the stranger whom they called " the mad Englishman." The building was the old Fardaco der Turchi, predecessor of the new palace, built in the thirteenth century. of which the present building is supposed in many respects to be reproductive of the blind old house which had for its custodian and companies the Oriental, who was a familiar figure in Venice, when Alan Keith was released from his moorish prison. Three hundred years after the splendid entertainments that the Lords of Briare gave there the palace became the residence of the Turkish merchants and dealers, and it was in its last days of de ineptitude and picturesque misery when Alan Keith begged for shelter at the hands of the Turkish custodian. They were well met these three, the blinking old Turk in the shadow of the crumbling palace and the half demented seafarer who had been landed by a Spanish ship to take his chances of life and death in Venice. There was something most articulate in the woes of the three. The palace spoke to the human fancy in whispers of parasite leaves that held many of the marble stones together. The custodian addressed the Englishman, but to Alan it was in the unknown tongue of France. Also replied in a guttural English that was full of recollections of the Scotish vernacular, with now and then a smattering of French words and Spanish, such French, however, as might have been English, to the Turk who could only guess at the stranger's meaning. There was, however, between them a sympathetic language which they could not mistake. They Both belonged to the miserable. They had both seen strange adventures ; they were both old ; they were both poor; poverty knows its fellow. The custodian of the decaying palace clung to the old walls for love and not for wager. Alan had about him the few gold and silver coins that some philanthropic Spaniard had given him when obtaining his release from the Moorish dungeon. Elsewhere he had treasure in abundance, away on the silent shores of the secret waterways of Demon's creek : always supposing that the supposed graves had remained under tarbes except by wind and weather. During all the days of his imprisonment Alan had never forgotten any circumstance connected with his life at Heart's Delight. Dropped down off Labrador blindfolded he felt that he could steer into the silent harbour whence the canning vengeance of Lester Bentz had driven him and his comrades to fall victims to the English ship of war. When some unknown power had come to the aid of the prisoners at Fenitia, he had selected to be put ashore at Venice, feeling that of all cities in the world he might there possibly still have a friend. He remembered the young priest's talk of Venice as his home, of the probability of his removal thither, and that he had a mother living in Florence. More than twenty years had gone by since then, and Father Lavelle might be dead. He might, however, have left behind him some friend upon whom he could count for advice and help. Twenty [The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors I f< of the WEST Australian. Ja uri years was long in the memory of friend- ship, but short in the memory of a foe; and Alan knew not to what extent his name might be branded with the penalties of treason and' crime, with piracy and murder in the annals of British justice. Could he have known that he was dead in the official report of the admiral of the " St. George "-dead with all his comrades, dead and buried with his pirate ship beneath the deep and stormy waves that roll around Bahamas coral reefs he might have selected to be put on board some English ship ; but he was wary and his his mind turned to Venice and Father Lavelle. He had taken upon himself a new name by way of wise precau- tion, and resolved to feel his it ay to the abiding-place of Father Lavelle, and know something of his, record and the character he bore with his people before entrusting to him the secret of his existence and his desires. His long imprisonment had made him secretive and mistrustful; smiled his perceptive qualities ; given his eye a trick of wandering, and given to his speech a certain hesitancy that to the common mind marked him down as imbecile. And so once more he was dubbed the man Englishman, and later he was assigned not only a name but a local habitation: he was called "The Mad Englishman of Venice." But Alan was far from mad. Dreamy ? Yes, far more so than the dreary-looking custodian of the time worn palace ; dreamy, with lucid intervals of energy and passion ; dreamy, with poetic memories of a saintly wife and child ; dreamy, with sounds of the sea in his ears and mirthful voices a dreamy, with the light, of the crackling fire of a winter's hearth in his memory, and pictures of domestic peace, of neighbour's sitting in the wintry glow of peat and wood. He was a dreamer gazing back on sunny seas and happy fisherfolk, a dreamer who falls from paradise to hell from happiness and peace and domestic love and home to tyranny and wrong; to battle, murder, and tempestuous fights at sea ; from lying by the side of a wife beloved beyond all women to lying prone by her grave, victims both of them of a lawless law and lawless magistracy. Yes, he was a dreamer indeed, this wanderer who paused as if from sheer sympathy by the rough steps of the decaying palace with its long robed and be-fezzed. custodian, a wrinkled, silent, bright eyed, ruminating Turk. Surely this ruined house was the place where such a bony, withered, hawk-eyed mariner as Alan Keith should rest; this was the sentinel of silent palaces and mysterious boats who should make him welcome. And so he addressed himself to the Turk, and the Turk came out of his reverie to look with pitying eyes upon the stranger. Such a presentation of picturesque age were these three that one's mind rests upon it with awe and wonder The two strange men, the one dead palace. It was an instinctive act of hospitality that led the Turks to take the wanderer in. A humble boatman had rowed him from the quay in his sandals, and here he had left him with the Turk, who, opposite in creed, in thought, in every way, still found reason for comradeship with his grim petitioner. They were both alone, one with his memories. the other a stranger in a strange land. The custodian however had acquaintances. He had lived long enough in Venice to adopt some of her habits and to be on speaking terms with certain frequenters of a case in a shady corner of the steps that lead upwards over the Rialto bridge. Here he would once or twice a week take his cup of coffee and smoke his labour and listen to the conversation of other guests while they sipped their diluted anisette or drank their black coffee, denouncing with bated breath or blatant defiance, as the case > might be, their Austrian masters. The blonde mistress of the landlord with her lightly shod feet, showing shapely ankles in white stockings, would pay special attention to the silent Turk, and the Venetians would often talk at him of the time when Venice was great and free, and the Fonda der Greahi, one of the glories of the Grand Canal. Otherwise the custodian had neither kith nor kin nor friends in Venice. He had permitted, however, the friendly encroachments of a certain humble gondolier and his wife to find a lodging in a wing of the palace overlooking a back canal, in return for which they gave him such domestic service as he required, did his marketing, cooked his food, and in winter made desperate but unavailing efforts to keep his saloon warm. Atilio was the gondolier and Teresa was his wife, and they could both speak a little English picked up in the service of a great merchant who had traded round the world and had once taken them to the great port of London. But Atilio had never heard such strange English as the grim stranger spoke and Teresa had never seen outside so evidently mad a lodger as he whom his excellency the Signori, had thought well to shelter and protect. In such a multifarious community as that of Venice in those days, with its strange sails from Eastern ports and West, with its curious fisherfolk from the islands of the lagoons, its mysterious Jews of the ghetto in their picturesque gaberdine, its Austrian officials and sentinels, and its grave old citizens, it might have been thought that Alan Keith would have escaped notice ; but he seemed to impress mysteriously the most ordinary person ; his ganntfigure towering above the crowd, the long, patched and foreign coat he wore reaching, from his neck to his buckled shoes, and decorated in some queer barbaric fashion; his long spider legs in faded velvet trunks and silken hose ; his bony hands and pallid bony face, his sunken eyes that shone like meteors from beneath his shaggy eyebrows ; his long, thin grey hair, and his restless manner ; they knew not what to make of him, the simple gondolier and his wife, and the keeper of the cafes whither the silent Turk had taken him, were so much at a loss and in a very short time he came to be spoken of as " the mad English- man." Once unwittingly he had offended a number of men and boys on the quay by some remark which he thought was a complimentary expression in choice Italian and which was nothing like it. They made for him to testify their anger in blows, but the gaunt Englander scattered them like leaves before a mighty wind. Mischief would have been done, had not an English captain whose ship was lying in port awaiting her sailing papers, interposed and explained what, the stranger had intended to say, whereupon the crowd burst into laughter, and insisted on shaking hands with the poor mad fellow; for now they knew he must be mad to call them villains and beasts of -X*AL*.J . x.~*. . .,. s. ..f&Kx;",»-» J -Vearing - ,, .' burden, when he had meant to do them honour. And 60 Alan wandered about the city, which was to him a dream within a dream, and he a ghost from some other world. He was happy, quite happy, for a long, long time, free to come and go, with shelter for his head and food for his head and food for his stomach. No gaoler held him by the heels. Once in a way, the Austrian challenge- of " Malt ! Wer daJ" broke in upon his dreams, but the sentinel would smile good naturedly as the mad Englishman retired with a bow of submission and a "pardon messieurs," spoken with a broad Scotch accent. Alan, indeed, began to think he had been translated to Paradise, and for a time what he considered to be the ambi- tion of his latter days faded out in the free air of Italy; for it was free to him, the very essence of the supremest liberty, whatever it might be to the Italians, whose aspirations he did not understand. He found that the few gold and silver pieces which his Spanish deliverer had deposited with the suit of clothes with which he had been endowed, and the bundle of curious linen that had been placed for him on board the ship, went along way in the estimate of the unspeakable Turk and that an odd coin now and then, made Atilio and Theresa bqjbh willing servants, however mad he might seem to them-a madness that was not vicious, be it said, but a madness that was unmistakable- especially when, as had happened more than once, Alan had tossed one of his strange coins upon the cafe counter to treat some Gasgoine to a cup of wine, or had himself indulged in an extra glass of brandy with his coffee for then his eyes would, fairly blaze, and he would talk of fights on sea and land, of stormy waters and the haunted lands of distant shores, but even then, he spoke with a kind of reserve that emphasised his madness. There was neither latitude nor longitude in his inconsequential yarns ; but once in a cafe down by the quay, he had been led into making overtures to an English captain concerning a buried treasure. He had discovered a sudden energy during a talk between the captain and his mate. They had heard of a sunken Spanish galleon that of late had shifted, and now showed her masts, and into whose hold a Frenchman had dived and found it full of gold. Thereupon Alan's dream of peace, and happy days of freedom in an earthly paradise had gone back to reality, and he felt how poor he was, yet how rich, that he might still have a son alive to whom he owed a fatherly duty, and to whom for the sweet sake of an angel mother in Heaven, he felt a yearning affection. I Ken of a treasure, he said, looking up from the seat where he had been huddled smoking a wooden pipe with a long reed stem, " and, eh mon, if I'd a ship, and one or two good hands, I'd mek the fortune of him who'd provide it; a nod's just as gude as a wink to a blind horse The sailors looked with undisguised surprise at the foreign looking withered old man, who without invitation joined in their conversation, and made a wild declaration of secret wealth, not in French or German, not in Italian, or Moorish, or Hebrew, but in Scotchy English, and at Venice. " Where d'ye hail from, master?" asked the captain. "Ah, ah," laughed Alan, "that's a very easy question." " I should say so," remarked the mate, pouring out a fresh glass of Chianti for his chief. " Ef I could just mek a contract wi' ye, gave' me command of' yer sheep," said Alan, within sixty days ye'd nee no further cause to sail the seas." "Very likely not," said the captain, good naturedly, and no ship to sail in maybe; join us, friend, in a glass of wine for the sake of bonnie Scotland; that's where ye hail from, I'm thinking." " May be," said Alan, " we know where we hail of me, but where are we glean' ? That's the puzzle, eh ?" Alan felt he was being questioned and he was still wary about committing himself for he had yet to learn on what legal grounds he stood. He had reason to expect Father Lavelle in Venice. Idly as he had spent his time, dreaming in the sun, revelling in his freedom, he had nevertheless busied himself in enquiries about Father Lavelle and the gondolier had at last made out what he wanted. In the first place Alan's method of pronounc- ing the Italian name had been a barrier to inquiry, and in the next place Father Lavelle had left Venice for Verona and Atillio had succeeded in having conveyed there a letter from Alan, to which an answer had been received by word of mouth, implying that Alan would very soon see the priest whom he sought. This progress had only been achieved within a few days of the incident on the quay and Alan felt that he might be very near the discovery of things of the last importance to him, and he became the more cir- cumspect. At the same time, he had ox late brooded over a possible means of visiting Newfoundland, more particularly the scene of his buried fortunes, and the deep interest which the two English officers were expressing in the sunken treasure of a Spanish ship, unloosed his tongue ; but to no further purpose than to convince the strangers that he was a softy, a dreamer of dreams, a harmless lunatic. [To be continued on Saturday.'] 