Foothght Flashes. THUKK NEW PRODUCTIONS. The « Yicar of Bray,' ' lady Bountiful,' and 'The Double Event.' Alt SUCCESSFUL AND RECEIVED WITH AWKOVAL AND APPLAUSE. Successful norlrnl of ' Ids Natural LlTa' at tho Itoyal. 'THE HIKERS KIGHT' PROMISED OS SATURDAY. Accident to Knto Bl3hop — Myrn, Kcmblo Takes Her Port— Splendid New Ulll at the TItoII— Last Nights of tho tir cuacH — Tho First Appearancu of Tenor Tapley — And the Latest Notes ana News. ' Aflor a Eve nights run, ' Tlio Gondoliors ' mado way at tho Lvcoum Tlioatro for ths first produotiou in Sydnoy of Sydney Grundy null Edward Solomon's ootnio oporo 'Tho Vicar of Uray.' Originally producod at tho London Globe Tlioatro in 18S2, It only soorod k modorato auoeoss. but whon revived at tho Savoy Theatre, early last year, it was un doubtedly BucecsBiul. Tho reason for this is that although Ho (froat alteration wan notice able In tho chief features of tho plot, tlio libretto bad buon mostly ro-writton by Mr. Orundy, and Mr. Solomon had addod many now com position* nnd rovisod tho musical score. On Saturday tho Lyceum was orowdod, and the .fordiot appeared that an unquestionable suc cess bad boon scored. Tho play is in two aots. Act I. (' Low Church ') opons with n. sccuo of tho Villngo Green at lJray s whilst tho aotlon in Act II. ('High Church') takes plaeo in tho Vicarage Grounds, after a lapse of^ twelvo months. Tho plot, which is of a uomewhat blonder description, may bo do Boribod as u parody on, or tho continuation of Sandford and Morton, a work familiar to many of us. In Ant I. we make the acquaintance of tho liov. William Uarlow (Mr. Goorgo Lauri), tho Vicar of Bray. Ho has a daughter .Wini fred UIi»s Florence Young), 'tfhom ho wishes to, marry to Thomas Morton, a woalthy pupil, but who is disposed to marry tho Hot. Henry Saiidford, anuthor pupil, who U tho Vicar's curate, engaged to him at a salary of £50 per annum for a term of years. Tho Vioar, it may bo-montioned, proposed to marry Mrs. Morcon, mother of Thomas, a-rioh widow; whilst hor Bon has penchant for Nelly Bly (Miss Violet Varloy), tho premiere d-mjdii»e of anoigh boring corp» it bullet. Togotridof his curate, , the Vicar ohanges from low to high oharob, and Sandford's equanimity bolnc thus upset, lie goo* abroad on missionary work. Sandford \- is reported to have boon killed and oaten by ?savages, and Winifrod is ongaged, roluctantly, it may bo said, to marry Morton. The curate, liowover, turns np safo and sound, and is affobtionatoly welcomed by 'Winifred. As might bo expected, the opera closqs with tho marriago aprooments of Saudford and Wini fred, and. Thomas Morton and Nelly Bly, whilst the Vicar finds it necessary, iu order to; save bis bone&co; and secure, tho. widow, to change back again from high to low church before, ho can so do. Tho music is woll written, and tho composor lias Well caught tho ideas of tho librettist. It is bright and catchy. There aro any amount of choruses sung by, tr.':iug thorn in tbo order in which thoy appeared, prettily dressed children, lady teachers, clerioal students, Sink-ooatod buntiimon, and daintily-olad allot- daucors. Whilst all tho concerted pieces were woll sung, some of the most pleasing choral offeots wore prodnood by tho unaccompanied voices. Perhaps the Bpooial feature of last Saturday night's performance was the first appoarauco iu Sydney of Mr. Joaoph Taploy, who took the part of Honry fa'iiudford. Mr. Tiipley.who was very warmly reooived on bis lirst appearance, scored a dis tinot suecosa. Ho bos a irood stage prosence, and a vt'oll-cultivatod tonor, if not vory poworful,voico,and is an actor as well. Mr. i'apley'a performance was in all respeats pur tionlarly praitioworthy, and without question ho had a great deal to do with tho success that ' Tho Vicar of Bray ' ' undoubtedly soured, lie was heard to great advantage iu 'Wlionl Was a Sunday-school Scholar.' Mr. Lauri did 1'aniouuly as the Vicar. Ho throw himself, heart and »oul into his work, and sang, acted, mid dancod capitally, whilst his make-up wan qnito a feature, Wo novor saw Mr. Lanri daucoso woll before Mis3 yioronco Young Also added muchly to the general succoss obtained. Sho Bang delightfully, particularly so in tho before-moutionod song, 'Oh, Why is My Lovo So Cold To Me?' an exceedingly tunoful melody in C-S timo. Aa the Widow, Miss Clara Thompson was well placed. Shu sang hor al lotted mcnio woll, ami perhapB did best in the solo nart of 'You Ask Me Why I Sob and Sigh. Mr. Sydney TJeane as Thomas Morton looked handsome in his limiting costumo. Mr. Howard Vornon hns bnt few chances as tho coulldontial family solicitor to everybody, but took full adrantago of »uoh as occurred ; whilst Miss Violet Varleyplayod with vivacity as Nellie Bly, tho premier danseuae. As prosi dont of tho Co-pporativo Clorical lierorm As Booiation, rhe delivered her little address with point! A word of praiso must also be awarded to tho Misses Mary Weir, Lucy Cobb and lUifiilio Evomtt, the ladies of tho ballet, and to the Missus Nina Osboruo and Mabol M'iCay. the chief of tho lady toaohers for songs and dancos, especially the latter. ? So far as con cerns drosses and docorations and scenory, uiiqualillcd praiso Inn at be awarded, and Mr. Uoutchor had to twice bow his acknowledge mcutx of the applaniie bostowod on his efforts. Mi Loon' Coroii has evidently bestowed groat hairin on the chorus and .orchestra, whilst Mr; Henry Braooy's stago management was perfect. Tho opora was warmly received, encores wero numerous, aud, summed up, a . pronounced succosa wn« achieved. 'The ViSar of Bray ' should draw well. * * * At the Criterion Messrs. Brough and Bouci cault staged "The Amazons" for the last time on Friday, and on Saturday produced another of Pinero's plays in "Lady Boun tiful." Under ordinary circumstances there would have been no occasion for the change, as "The Amazons" was running strongly, and had scored the hit of a season noted for its run of successful productions, but with their season rapidly running out, and the desire to submit "Lady Bountiful" to the opinion of a Sydney audience, a change was made. Mounted and interpreted as plays are at the Criterion, they have everything in their favour. Again, the Messrs. Brough and Boucicault either take care never to put on anything bad or indifferent, or else they are better judges of what the public require than many other managers, so that the fact that their latest production was received with marked approval by a large and appreciative audience is a matter for no wonderment. The story of "Lady Bountiful," which extends over a period of seven years, with intervals of three and eighteen months, may be described as under:- The chief interest of the play depends upon the relationship between Camilla Brent, a wealthy young lady, and her cousin, Dennis Heron. The latter is unconsciously living a graceless, idle life upon her generosity. Dennis's discovery of his humiliating position, brought about by his father's borrowing and extravagance, comes together with his half avowal of love for Camilla, who unexpectedly comes upon him with a severe condemnation of his mothod of living. It is apparent, however, that she loves her cousin, whom she wishes to elevate to an ideal of her own. Annoyed to independent action by the re proaches of his lady love, Dennis Heron leaves the country house of Camilla Brent, where he has been living, and goes to London. Here he accepts a situation as a riding master at the Hyde Park Riding Academy, of which Mr. Veale is the good-natured proprietor. At the academy he wins his bread, and at the same time unintentionally secures the affec tions of Meg Veale. Dennis feels bound to marry Meg, and a reconciliation, which his parent had carefully planned with Camilla, is thus frustrated. Veale falls a victim to the wiles of the older Heron, who in cold blood completely ruins his son's father-in -law, and Dennis' young wife dies shortly after the birth of her baby. In the last act the dra matic clouds begin to gradually brighten, till the curtain falls upon Dennis and Camilla re united. The cast was as follows:- John Veale, Mr. Brough; Roderick Heron, Mr. Boucicault; Dennis Heron, Mr. Titheradge; Sir Richard Philliter, Q.C., Mr. Cates; Sir Lucian Brent, Bart., Mr. Chichester; Ped grift (a parish clerk and sexton), Mr. Carey; Wimple, Mr. McIntyre; Floyce, Mr. Hards; a villager, Mr. Hasker; Miss Brent, Miss Edith Blande; Camilla Brent, Mrs. Brough; Beatrix Brent, Miss Gibson; Mrs. Veale, Miss Romer; Margaret Veale, Miss Temple; Mrs. Hoddnutt (a pew opener), Mrs. Hol man; Amelia, Miss Emery; a villager, Miss Major. It can safely be said that the acting all-round was fully up to the high standard usually associated with productions at this house. Perhaps to Miss Romer, Miss Brenda Gibson, and Mr. Titheradge are due the greatest praise, although Mr. and Mrs. Brough and Mr. Boucicault also acted conspicuously well. Indeed a good word may be said for everyone. "Lady Bountiful" was excellently staged, the set of the fourth act - a church interior - being especially worthy the applause given to it by the audience. Mr. W. B. Spong has once again demonstrated his ability as a scenic artist. The sole direction of the piece was in the hands of Mr. Boucicault, and everyone knows what this means. On Friday Mr. Cecil Ward will be accorded a benefit in "Sophia." The following evening "A Vil lage Priest" will be revived. The first four nights of the last week will be devoted to a welcome revival of "Niobe," and the season will close on Friday, August 11, with a re vival of "The Magistrate". In the mean while "Lady Bountiful," splendidly mounted and interpreted, commands attention. * * * 'Tho Donblo Bvont ' was produced nt Hor Majesty's Theatre on Monday night. It was originally to have boon producod on Saturday, but owing to an unfortunate nooi dent to Mlt-s Kato Bifbop, it' bod to bo post poned. Miss Myra Kotnblo wus selected to till her place, mid sliu studied tho important part oommittod to her with remarkable rapidity. Tho drama is by Mr'. Goorgo Bur roll, and ho has foundod it upon Mr. Nat. Gould's ('Verax,' of this journal), novel of that naino, which has boon ono of tho most miocossful of colonial works of flotion. Tho rncoption accordod tho ' Doublo Kvont ' on Mouday night was of tho hoartiost dosorip tion.andtho fambiiB raco for tho Cup was reooivod with thuudors of applause from nil parts of tho houso. It is soldom that tho dramatisation of a novol comes up to ex pectation, but Mr. l-arroll him handled the play in a skilful maunor, and produced a work ahead of anything ho has yot attempted iii tho way of authorship. The drama is full of interest from start to finish, and tho finale to oaoh act is a first-class ' curtain-dropper.' Tho first act opous at Tattorsall's ? Club, Sydney, a month or so boforo the . Mol bourno Cup mooting. , ? John JUnreton, tho hero of tlio play, has mado sovoral unsno cessful plunges on tbo turf, and is on tho. brink of ruin. Maraton has a horse called Caloola, wbich'ho thinks can win tho doublo event, tho Dorby and Cup. Ho dotormiiios to havo ouo moro plunge, and baoks him. for. tbo doublo to win alargo stako. Heiseugngod to Edith Kiugdon, a leviathan bookmaker's daugbtor, anc on tho suocess of Caloola his marriago doponds as woll as bis futnro. His trainer, Flotcbor, bos proved himself a man not to be trusted, and has boon replaced by Iko Tburston, an old Yorkshireman. Flotcbor is resolved to havo his rovongo for his dis missal, and plots with Solly Yatos and Tommy Nowlos, a bookmakor and a spiolcr, to prevont Caloola from winning, if possible. Flotcher keops a gambling den, and Daisy Fletohor passes there as his wifo, altbongu sbo is uieroty a decoy for young swells who loso their mouoy. Lord Mayfiold; who visits tho house, falls iu love with hor, fiuds out sho is unmarried, and de termines to make hor his wife, which lie ovon tually doos, muob to 1'letoher's disgust, as it .thwarts all his plans. Maratou moots his jockey horo by appointmont, and LordMayQold. devotes hia time to the supposedMrs. I'lotcher. At this Fletcher gets ouragod, palls her bad names, and threatens to shoot Her, but is pro vnutod by Marston, and tho curtain falls on an off octivo situation. Flotchor next uttompts to ' nobble 'the favorite, and for that purposo entors his box iu ghont-liko attiro. Ho poisons the stablo lad and slightly injures tho horsn. Ho is soen leaving the box by Edith Kingdon, who in hor . alarm takes him for a a ghost, and rouses tho household with her scroamn. Culoola, how-' ovor, soon rocovers, autl Flotcher and his mates aro at their wits ond to know how to provont him winning the Cup— he has already won tbo Dorby. Their attempts to get at tho jockey aro frustrated, and as a last resource they attack tbo jockoy on tho oourse, and so injure him that bo cannot ride. Marstou and his friends are in a terrible fix at this mis adventure, and the sceno becomes oxaitiug. Another jookey is found at tho last miiiuto to take bis placa, and, needlocs to odd, wlnn thu Cup on Caloola: In tho last not a grand ball is given at Lord and Lady JlayBeld's house, in honor of Calooln's victory. . During the fes tivitios Fletcher, who has boon mined by tho result of tho Cup, finds his way into tho grounds, and obtains an inlorviow with Lady Muyfield. Ha demands money, and is indig nantly rofnsod. Then ho becomes desperate, and snatches Lady lluyfield's jewels from her wrist, and sho raises a ory of alarm. Flotohor fires a rovolror at her, but hits Dcteotlvo Smirk, and then vanishes. Ho Is, bow over, captured, and brought back hand cuffed. A grand ' Blue Ballet ' is danced, in the ball-room, aud for its ' arrango ment Madame Dnvalli in responsible ; and this brings tho drama to a dose. Tho sconery was splondidly painted by Messrs. Bruntou and Clint, tho former hoing rospon fiiblo for nearly the whole of tho work. Tho training stables at Kingdon's houso is an ndmtrubla sot, tlio beauty of tho sceuo draw ing forth oontinuod- npplauso nntil Mr. Brnutbn appeared and bowed his acknowledge monts. Flomington racccourso is an oxcollout pictnro of tho famous ground, the back ground being apocially woll done. MayOold's honso aud grounds, tho last scono, is also a fine picture. A beantiful viow of Syduoy Harbor, bs seen from Government House, i« given ' with the lights gllinmoriilg nt tbo North Shoro, ' Pinohgut,' and on tho largo ' ntenmers. It is a most ofToctive set. Tho Bluo Ballet danced in this sacuo adds to its attraativeness, and when Miss Bessie Colville dances a put teul, glit tering with various colored electrio lights, tho upplauso again rings out iu unmistakeablo fashion.. 11 r. Goorgo Darroll plays Uiahard Mar3ton, tho plunger, and acts a wotl-drawn charactor well. : He is equal to nil tho. numerous startling situations in which ho is placed, and backs Caloola for thousands with tho coolest possible nerve. Tho author-actor received a hearty roooption, which he fully deserved. Mi-. Albdrt Norman forsakos tbo. rolo of a villain for a chaligo, and plays' tho good-natured, onsy-going, Lord Mayfiold. It says muoh for Mr. Norihau us n vorsatilo actor that ho oan play such contrasted parts equally well. Mr. Ohas. Hall as Will King don does his small part oxoellontly well, while Mr. Stirling Whyte has a powerful character in 'L'lgor Flotobor, which bo makes tho most of. Mr. Swocnoy as Solly Yules, a rongish Jew bookmaker, infusos no end of fun into tbo part, and his make-up was so good that ho was not recognised oven by his most intimate frionds. In conjunction with Tommy Nolon (Mr. Joe TolauoJ bo kept tho house iu a con tiuuons good humor. Mr. Tolauo nets, as he in variably does, well. Mr. A. J. 1 veiny has soldom appeared to moro advantago than as Iko Thur stou, tho trainer, but Mr. Athelwood is not a success as PuBhnr Wells, the jookey. Mr. Frank Harcourt is effectivo a* Chris Smirk, tbo do toctivo, who always, turns up at the right moment, and Mr. T. Ambrose and Miss Tern Kent, as stablo boys, are in tho right plaoo. Iiss Myra Kotnble, as Daisy, afterwards Lady Mayfield, considering sho had such a short time to study the part in, acted splen didly. Hor drosses, as 'usuiil, woro Iii oxool lont tasto, and sho will appear to moro advan tago each night; Miss lthodiv Halkott is not a sucaess as Edith Kiugdon. Tho pro grammo describes Edith Kingdon as r' a norolty.' As tiourtroyed by Miss Halkott she answers tho description. Miss Jonnio Loo has a churaotor thoroughly suited to her iu Nolly Whito, and iu conjunction with Messrs. Sweenoy and Tolauo sho keopn the fun going merrily. Tho Cup raoo scene is splondidly dono, and the horses all bohaved admirably. As Caloola passes tbo winning post just ahead of Corisando, tho applause U dufouuiug. An ingenious dovioo at the back of tho stage gives an oxcellont view of tho raco as the horses flash along the back past tho Saltwater Kivor and the shods. Tho stage management for a first night was almost porfect. 'Thu Donblo Evont' should uavo a successful run, as it is ouo of the beat sport ing dramas we havo Been in Sydnoy. ? ? ? 'Marmondollo tho Moor' not having caught on ut tho Koyal im anticipated, Mr. Fred Moredith wisely cliaugod tho bill on Saturday last, when Mr. Dumpior revived ' For tho Torm of His Natural Lifo.' Thero waR a houRe filled to ovcrllmving, and it can honestly be said that tho popular play novor wont better. Tho cnat or characters is tho vamo as when Mr. Dampier la»t stngud thu popular play, with tlio exception that MIks Xilunobo Lewis replaced Miss Julia Mertou su Sarah Box, Mr. Bold ossays tlio part of John Kox, played boforo by Mr. England, and Miss Uo.o tak«i Miss Lily Dnuiplor's plnco as Sylviiv. Mr. D.unpior once nitain appoaroil us tho ltov. Mr. North, and rupoiitod his foriuor snooosH, and played thn part tn tho entire Bntisfautiou of tho audicueo. Hurry Leston, us Mr. Muokin, was oscoodingly amimiiig, and mav bo said to ha\o doiiowoll. Mr. Eolfo.asniohardDoviuo.otliorwisoBufuii Dawoi, and Mr. Beid as John Box, noted intelligently. Mr. J. P. West, na Gabbott, the ' man-eater,' agaiu inudo ono of tho hits of the ovoning. Ilia ina'ico-up, us before, win remarkably good. Mr. Pliiniuor, as tho brutal .Mivurioo Freuro, ilIko wivs again xoon to advan tugo; aiuil Miss JtoHO Dauipinr Won tho ap proval of tho honso uh Sylvia. MIhs Kathorino fCiiHHoll at Sarah Uox, Alias Ulaucho Lewis as l.:idy Dovlne, Miss Itayulmm as Mrs. Vickors', Mr. Hurford as Captain Viokors, and tho other memhursuf tho cast lone valuable aaiix tanco towards the evening's suuoess. Siiuuned up, tho revival may bo said to havo boon highly successful. 'For tho Term of Ills Natural Lifo 'is well worth seeing. 'Tho Minor's Bight,' foundod upon Kolf Boldro wood's work of the mino unino, is in aetivo rehearsal, and will ho producod on Saturday noxt. It will bo strongly ca.it, and every thinf,' tends towards asuceoss being soorod. ? ? ? Mr. Harry Biekards1 now bill at tho Tivoll Theatre on Saturday night went uplondidly, uud tho packod houuo growouthuaiastio as the ovoning udvauood. Tho first part of tho per fonnanco, the minstrol olrolo, wont off with' its usual success. Mr. G. II. Wood followed with ono of liia own specialties, ' Tho Labor Mombor,' which ngain provoked considerable amusmnout. Thu wait?, rofrain and dance, 'Baby's Shoos and Stockings,' produood for tho firat timo by 20 of tho lady momberB of tbo company, was recoived with demonstra tions of delight. At its termination Miss Mildred Triggo appeared for the first timo iu an nrtislio ballad, and was onoored. Mr. Harry Bickards nlso had Bomothing new iu ',' Ju-Jah, Ju-Jnh, Ju-Jnh,' whioh, billod as oomio: aud dosoriptivo satires, are dooidodly novel, and 'How thoy Apologise.' H« had to 'follow on' with sovoral songs. Mdllo. Kathoriuo Vinoohl nppbared iu a character net, ' Spirit of Music,',' composed and written by tho brothers Lu Brun. The tnlontod lady played part of tho. air on ouo string of tho violin, sang with taste, and achieved a decided suocoss. Mr. Alt. Lawton gavo n fow of his original parodios, and was heartily applauded, and tbo show concluded with a farco by Mr. 8\. H. Wood oallod ' Baby.' Tlio new bill, whieh is a tip top ono, should hnvo the offoot of crowding the Tivoll all the week.. ? ? ? Mr. Lewis Mills appears to ho doing woll with his sacrod concerts in Adolaido. ? ? » Tho Melbourne- Bijou Tlioatro was oponed yesterday for a short revival of ' David Gar riok,' with Mr. A. B. Qreeuaway iu tho lmmo part. m Messrs. Brough and Bouaieault opon in Adolaido on August 10. Mr. L. J. Lohr will be in advanco, uud Mr. W. H. Wallaoo will continue to act as manager and treasuror. : ? ? ', m ?' m . Pitz Gerald Bros.Vcirpus and menngorio^ which has boon doing, oxoollout business in Australia, will, it is announced by tho Can terbury Times, pay a visit to Christcburoh shortly. '. : . . ? ' '?_.,»- It is a wondor that ? some ontorprising managor has not secured tho sorvicos of Miss Ada Junoeti, tho pretty varioty artiste, who is now in Sydney. With good varioty artists at a premium it soems strange. : ? ' '.?''?.? Madamo Storling, speaking to an intorviowor on behalf of tho S.A. Beoiuteii, said :— ' Sho was in raptures with tho reception which she had received from tho audionces who had llookod to hear hor, and paid * a great com plimont to Mr. Lohr and Mr. Hudson. Sho said, ' Mr. Lohr, with his experionco and ability, mado porfoat arrangements for mo in advance, booming the concerts, whilo Mr. Hudson ably followed up.' ??'??? ? ? ? - ? Adelaide Quiz, which has boon hammering aw»y at tho London Gaioty Company and burlesquo in recent issues, has the following : — ' Messrs. Lonuon and Hnslom, and Missos Alico Lethbridge, Aliou Lonmar, Addio Con yere, Laura Honey, and Leila Rozo loft for England on Wednesday. We shall probably never seo them again in Australia, but our hnndkorobiefs aro still dry. Mossrs. Court ueidgo uud Lovoll Phillips remain in Australia until Christmas.' And tho Gaiety Company ? Well, thoy still lire— and probably laugh. * * * On Tuesday next a complimentary benefit is to be tendered to Mr. Frank Cates at the Cri terion Theatre, the use of which has been courteously granted by Messrs. Brough and Boucicault. The programme will include "Our Bitterest Foe" and "Barbara," by the B. and B. Company; the Trial Scene from "Pickwick," with Mr. Brough as the Judge and Mr. Cecil Ward as Sergeant Buzfuz, and Miss Flora Anstend in the cast; and a musical melange, in which many of our best-known vocalists will appear. This will make up an attractive afternoon's entertainment. * * * '?' Considerable disappointment was felt by tho people who wont to Her Majesty's Theatro last Saturday night with tlio expoo tation of soelng tho racing drama, ' Tho Donblo Event,' whon thoy discovered ' tho production hod boen un avoidably postponed Until Monday. Mms Kato Bishop, who was cast for tho important part of Daisy, unfortunately hurt hor auklo badly ns sho was alighting from hor cab on return ing homo aftor tho porformanco on Friday night Up to mid-day on Saturday, sho thought she would be able to appear, but her medical adviser would not allow hor to do so. Miss (lyra Komblo takes hor placo. ? * ? a a Amongst tlirt numbers that have caught on bout at tho Lyceum, in ' Tho Vioar of Bray,' are Winifred's 'Oh, Why Is My Lovo So Cold To Mo,' a tuneful melody nlth ohorus for tho tcaohers, nightly well sung by Miss Young ; Sandford's song, ' Whon I Was a Sunday-school Sobolar,' in which Mr. Taploy ocores hoavily ; a catchy solo by the Rev. Wil liam Barlow, 'Your Sandford aud Morton You've Bead, I Suppose? ' and tho Hunts-' nlon's Chorus, with solo for Mr. Doauc (Tom Morton). Tho love dtmt, ' Toll Mo, and Oh Toll Mo Truo, Love,' for Wlnirrod and Saudford, is a daligbtfal melody, and Miss Young and Mr. Tapley sing it woll. Another duot thnt is likely to becomo popular is that botweon tlio Vicar and Mrs. Morton, coin moucing, 'My Dear Mrs. Morton, Pray Cease Thoso Alarms.' This, with its accom panying danco, is dono full justioo to by Mr. Lauri and MiBS Thonipson. Of tlio remaining numbers, tho duet belwoon Winifred and Sandford, ' Propriety, Prisms, and Prunes,' is tunoful. Of the dances, that by the corps do ballet, ending in what is known as the 'sink down' opisodo, goes splendidly. ? a a FlLLIB' ClROtJB. Tlio Becoml season of Fillis' Circus will con clnde on Saturday noxt, when a spneial bill will be put on at the Exhibition Building Mr Fillis has ono of the strongost circus com binations over soon in Sydnoy, and his uiouagorSo Is also a first-cluss ouo. Ho has put on many good aud attraotive items during tho present season, and his lutcuit ohango of bill, inaugurated on Saturday last, is ouo of tho best submitted. Thero will he a matiuoo this nftornoon and anothor on Saturday after noon. Mr. Fillis dasorves, aud will doubtless obtain, liboral patronage during tho last nights of his fine entortaiumont. Fitz Gf.iiald Bkothekb' Circoh. Tho popular circus near tho Kailway Sta tion was crowded on Saturday night us usual. Several now foaturos woro introduced, tho lending ouo being a ' rocket ' not, by In»iu, the icrial quoon. A largo cannon having boon drawn into the ring, tho chief performer, a prepossessing young lady, entered tho gun, and her companion, Mons. Omi, took up his Eonition on a trapczo, and hung by his logs, cad downwards. Clapping his hands as a signal to tho human projootllo, Iasia, be counted, ono— two— thrfo, and at tho word ' Firo !' a flash was soon, followod by a loud report, and a moniout later Iasla was to bo uolieod hanging from Omi's hands. Tho act produced -j:uto a senftaticui, iind was oloanly and clovurly performed. Mi«s Kollie LyndlmrKt, thn chnrmim; equeHtrioun« woll earned tho applauno whioh wun hoHtowcd upon hor for hor very nlcvor four- liorso driving act, sho handling hor tiuin iu Hrct-oluss style; anil tho boy jockey, Georirio Collior, win, in nsual, a prime favorite in his hurricano hurdlo uut oti mix pnnii'K. 'i'hori tlioro woro tho clowns, tlio acrobat*, tlio charming nlro wal!:or, tho bnrubaok riding fwits, and many other ntlmctious. Finally Captain lluin phroys put his lions through their p.,rfor liianeo. Tho wholi, porform-.t.oi paisuil of without a hitoh. Thu cMu.iindin^ :nb'hU b'uu bev.i announced. 