An Unfortunate Editor. Reuben Pullaway was the editor of the .Ec7to Oily Blazer. For nearly two score years the latchstring of his office had always been out and he had moulded opinion until he grew mouldy, says the Tribune, of Fremont, Nob. He had referred to every man in town as a perfect gentleman, and to every lady as a queen of society, and as he grew old he longed for a chance to roast somebody. ",Oh," he would exclaim, and in the silent even- tide, while the tears coursed down his furrowed cheeks, " oh, for an opportunity to turn loose and crucify somebody ! I am filled with adjectives which would look magnificent in print, but I dare not ! If I were to attack any one he would stop his paper and perhaps tako out his advertisement." So Reuben Pullaway wrote flattering paragraphs about people, and grew sullen and taciturn. And his cross seemed greater than he could bear. ii. "Reuben," said the editor's wife one morning, as he looked sadly at an untasted breakfast and reached for his hat, " why not roast some imaginary individual? Turn loose the vials of your wrath upon Horatio Eldergroove, for instance. Nobody can possibly be offended, since there is no such a man, and you'll have just as much fun torturing him as though ho lived." The editor folded his wife to his bosom weeping ; but, oh, gentle reader, his tears were tears of joy. " Augusta Soprhonio," he cried, " it is an inspiration ! Oh, how I will paralyze Horatio Eldergroove !" The beautiful glow of dawn was in the heart of Reuben Pullaway. III. Tha leading editorial in the Blazer that weec was a corker. " This City," it said, " has been visited by an unprincipled scoundrel of the name of Horatio Eldergroove ; he has green whiskers and only one eye, whioh is in the middle of his forehead ; he has a trunk like an elephant, and tusks a foot long. He íb a reproach to mankind; a hyena who lives on the bones of dead men; a ghoul, a vampire, a serpent; he would play checkers on the coffin of his mother and rob a ghost of its shroud." There was a column and a half of this sort of literature, and when it was written the editor felt refreshed and young once more. All the accumu- lated bile of years had flown into the article. "The beauty of it is," said the editor to the ' foreman, " that since there is no such a man as Horatio Eldergroove, with his green whiskers and single eye, nobody can possibly be offended. " True enough," responded the foreman, with a shoreless laugh. - IV. In the quiet, dreamy dusk of a summer evening a wayworn stranger journeyed into Echo City ; he had green whiskers and but one eye, w hich was in the centre of his forehead ; he had a trunk like an elephant and tusks a foot long. His first act was to purchase a copy of the Blazer, and his wrath may be better imagined than described when he read the leading editorial. He immediately went to the Blazer office and sat on Reuben Pullaway and made him (Eeuben) eat a three-pound can of green ink and a barrel of glue and a towel; and then he poured coal oil on Reuben's bair and set the to it ; and ho fed Reuben into a stop cylinder press with a folder attached, so that when the unfortunate man emerged he was folded ready for mailing. Then the stranger went down town and addressed a meeting of citizens. v. On the following day all the merchants of Echo City called at the Blazer office and ordered their " ads" out and cancelled their orders for job work. " You should be ashamed of yourself," said the Mayor ¡ " Mr. Horatio Eldergroove, whom you so violently abused in your scurrilous paper, is an Eastern capitalist who came here to establish seven packing houses, employing 800,000 men. He has now gone away íd disgust." " And so his name was really Horatio Elder groove," groaned the heart-broken editor ; "and he had green whiskers and one eye and a trunk and tusks a foot long. Well, it was just my luck." [the end.] 