Sporting Gossip. TBT mt VAOUAJÍT.] Tf the Summer meeting of the Australian Jockey Club h.ad been a disastrous one to backers, what can be said of the reunion held under the auspices of Tattersall^ Club? It was simply a conglomeration of woe, misery and bankruptcy to the daring punter who went on race after race in a vam en- deavour to get on to a remunerative winner who would brin»; back previous losses in one fell swoop, and this must hare particularly been the case with the men of means who bet or. credit, or "on the nod" a« it is vnl.rirly termed, or at sny rate lo men who did not have an embryo Bank of England at their disposai Men who have to put up the ready whrn des.r u» of wagering can only lose their available coin, but for those whose word is taken the r >ad to rmti «tinda invitingly cleir, aril after all iheir cash is up the »pout, they send nod» with it in many case« until the only course op*n to th«>~i 1« the îp.fol'pncy c, uK or embr.v'eraent Ve», it certainly would bn hotter for tho sp >rt a vi the cou' ' ry .' !"f fing wi re only ennductrd on pt-'d cash prit cipies. The t italisat ir would do much -but not all-to enforce this much D'cltd rule The pnhuc began ve., "sell on Saturday la»t. when they ejected Mark Twain and Lnwood fur the Hurdle R,»ne, although I fancy the »tibio got tbo big end of thf» money -m t^c former, a son of Mark Tapley, who won eawly Mark Twain is a very use- ful horse in more ways than one, f'>r ho liai Won several pfsite on the tl.it G*ji me was a certainty for »So pp'lir* 7? re, but the Carlington Hikes brought ab mt a great blow to backen. My selection, II«ro, did not start, and a good deal of nmib »rn money was It-at on him, for it was pretiy generr'ly known th<\t the eon of The Plummer lud nidergono a rattling préparation, Bnd bid »a wcl >;il nr.swored a sennas question. Chatham wa» the selpct of all the Randwick ( at» from the is«no of the weights, and had bren specially and openly irene) fir this race, *> that it wa« little wonder that he held b<s placo n favourite light up to »he fall of the fltg. A demotiatration w-1 also mr. le in favour of Playmate, whilst Pilot Boy and Shtm'ock wore the best suppôt.ed of the others. Everyone knows now what an inglorious figure Chatham cut, and how Pilot Hoy, Veno, Rockwall, and Lady Tre .to-1 fî)'ed the first four situations with hri h ' .worn thom, but it may hare escaped the al'sntion of aime that Pilot Boy and Rickwall are both sons of Gcr>, sod that Von« is by H.r Mod..'d's eipntriatîd brother Idaliura. Pilot Boy is out of Kathleen, a npeedy mare of the aforetime, and ho is owned by the saim gentleman as possesses Her >, Mr Humphrey ( Uenham, tho leviathan fielder of the colony. Pilot B >y hal been trained at Randwick, whilst Hero pursued his studies at Morpeth and Newcastle; but it was crident that tho owner know something, snd he is reported to have ki,own it to the niter.t of several thousand». It wa» tho «pinion of many who witnessod tho race that M». John Mayo had very bad lurk with Luly Trenton, for at the end the beautiful daughter of old Black Swan got shut in «gainst the roils, and yet was not hatf-a-Iength away from the winner The time was the slowest put op sine« the distance has been su furlongs. Although there has been a great falling off in the receipts of the Newmarket »table »ince the advent of " (he Syndicate," T m Payten w in another race with that fine fi.ly Ruakanite, who is just as consistent as some of Ler companions aro the opposite. The Pace Welter served to disclose in Tranby what will probably prove one of our best handicap horses, for the. son of Epigram and Toro best a »erj fair field in most hollow fashion, and he loses nothing by being in tho hands of the, wily Cornwell family. The Club Handicap wns a crest boil over, for panter» who knew something waited patiently until Marvel's number went up and then simply fell over one another in order to back the black horse. Ile started favourite, anc", as u*ual when in that responsible piaition, fai'ed ignommiutmly for be fairly curled up uko singed paper when tackled by E K , to whom he was c »needing 2llb., and was beaten by four length». Afarrnl is evidently a big remove from the animal his infatuated admirers connidered him, else he i» dead out of form, but it should nevertheless *»« said in jost ice to him that when E K likes to gallop his best be is a »nrv bad brute to beat. On Monday the pub! r m<>t with a reverse nice and early, fjr Buccleuch, who bad been heavily supported in the Carrington Stake«, in which he cut O» a duffer, won the New Year'» Gift from Madras, Veno, and other good ones in better *imfl than tbe big «printing evftnt on« traver»ol in-thus once more giving a re minder that we should not put our trmt in watcha« Buccleuch is by (rjldshrough from Aphroiile, and i« thus own brother to Keith, who wa» a gr»at favourite of rona , I «till bo d.«appointed if Baccleugh ii <? not turn out to be a clinker If the victorea of Little Bt-rnie and I'not Boy are worthy to be placed in the category of surprise», ihe tonsne mast fail when it tomes to neal with Chatham win nmg Tattersall'« Cap1 Hero was a hor*e that wa* (.'»nerally regarded a» a non stayer, a horse thut had been »penally trained to run six furlong» and no fi\r*her, a hone that ro ther owner, trainer, or tout thought worthy to enlrutt »ita a shilling, battling out two mile« agr r>< a fair field and winning by sheer p>raeoe»t and condition fruin the t^ueeu«lan I crack Re»lm and Oxide, whilst the much v&untei; Little Bernie foiny threw up the «[ uti,;« It i« awful to cont« mplate ' It .» evident «orne j gTeat error m'i»t h»vt» been --¡ia It« *ith Chat j ham, ruber in hi« training, hi« riding or Ina i backing, but it matters not now for the evil .« done Little Bernie lo k d all over a winner in the atraight, but trie h irse ia only capable of one very briefly-stained effort, | and it is probible that tie5.1 >f waa in too j great a hurry tu get home on mm Chatham u a spleridi«lly-bred horae, for he is by Moor thorpe (imp )-by Doncaster >ut of Alicf out of Silver Bell, full suter t« Cheater, but 1 he has won few races owing t 1 unsound leg* , Tbe time was the «lowest sine» old Wool stone, Lier es and Colima ra . ona, two, three in '1H The Nursery Handicap brought about a slashing fiouh between the. stable companion« Glowworm and Pearl i'o*der, tbe former, who won, ben;4 a beautifully bred Tocal filly by Splendor lr->m Vermicelli, and the latter being half sister to tbe Mel boome Cop winner Zulu, by Trenton Tbe produce of tbe cross between Go'dsbroogb and Ethel appear to kara a fondness for big «eights, for otu» of tho tribe, Brackleigh, «00 [the Welter Handicap at the Summer mating, and another of the family in Narrara seenred a similar event at Tattersall'« g.V.herine from Kookaburra and Marvel's brother B.arney stone, who 1* taking a long time to ripon. The undesirable circumstances which marked the running of one of the big race» at the late meeting of the Narraöri Jockey Club are *.> fresh in the mind« of my reader« that I would imasim it is unnecessary to refer to them arain in r\r,v««>. It i» J sufficient to say that Mr. Brennan'» Boceado j won from bia only opponent Katt'er, bnt wa« ( disqualified on the ground that his victory wa« secured bv collusion with owner« of other , hiirae», end tre whole of the circumstances werf broupht under t^c roli-n of the A .1 C Some p»op.e who are looked upon as authorities ir.rerei at tho aclion of the Narrabri Cub, and professed to be mightily jnni'f.1, but I upheld tho Club's action throughout and here is the result of the letdu * (-»¡j's dcibpratmn on the subject the hi r" K<*i'pr(r>7 Bu>Vr) who ran second ard '..¡s ..si <-r, T Bo.ti n, have been di»qutli fird f r tv-, Tpf>rs , A M'F.lh-inn and R Kirwir, ihc o*:.pr and trainer of the horse Whitef et have bcrn »er.t up for twelve» months. I hese »f¡,!»:<<..» »'?"mid befiiíTi »ipnt to »h >w tS'.l fu', try clu'is harp a remedy whr rpjT'th ;.> cire r»' y »vnp1 mi» of triekory or turt iVv.rontv n the part of racing men who nr< "»i', n i\ in¡'hurd. Old Highborn must be in rare form just now for in addition to his victory in the Viceroy's Cup, wherein his stable companion Good Hope was second, the world's champion gelding has also secured the Burbhanga Cup, carrying 10st. , easily. Mr C. B. Lowe se- cured the son of Grandmaster for his Indian owner, and doubtless both gentlemen are pleased with the result of the bargain. CA»I"O1P ha« x en so i nig alluded to n« a »on of Roodee that a correction in h>» p'fli rj.- i will douhilets bp rtv< i red with a g uni deal {?{ ù li" Irire. Nevprthe'e«» the join, er wa» bred at Smgletcn and is by Gainsbor >n^h frotn P»;.taloon'« dam. Ho was raue I by Mr Curtí», I beiifve, who also bred Bnghtnii, Brui * *¡i k, etc A Q i*'":, f u.(! i.:a¡! >way called Kildare w in a mite and .1 ijunrter rae»« a few days ago in a mired lie 4 ir --nu. UJ'pc« Kildare i« regarded hi ti. >s" wlo know him as tho beat little 'lui in Auftrtlia. Detai.a of tho fight between Maher and Goddard, w'.ioh recently took place in Ametif ', aro to hand, mid arp not of the kind to make arvone gasp with astonishment at the clevern.K» i f either mun. The Australian was mac ti ¡learitrr than hi« Irish opp it)«Mt, and, jil igirn; froi.i tie latter'a sh iwir.g with Fitzsimm »ii», somewhat gsmer, but Maher wau a tri!!« »mirter thin Goddard, and did most of toe ,e»ding Ile had the Barrier man in trouble on a coup!« of occasion», but the latter'» wor,.Vrfu¡ vitality beat the. Iriahmari, who, «Len k'.ocked down by a blow on the. chest wa* i, uto ur.abie or unwillinc to remine hoüti':. '». It ap'oarid to be th« gorier«! impri". r. that tho fight wa» a fake, althotn 'i at onn period of the cnnie«( it «ten.».! that Mi»r» r «.»» attcmt ting t w rk the d u'-ifl ci '«". I» w-.s strange with what unai.m, ty thi» Ameru-ar. -as ila! tSe Ans tralian-uuth riti'-s agro« that Giddird wa» a duffer at the game, ard it is funny wit'i what consistency the bit» Australian pursue« the even t'nur of hi« vniuv b. ating the bent men brought sgainathim and demolishing all preconceived idea« of the ethic* of the ring. The equine bituary of lste ha« b. >n a heavv one. T n Ivory lost Australian Li^-Hl a wet k or two back , then Moll diel virtually in hame»» III Melbourne of heart disease Now we leam of the demise of tho old stud mare Evening Star, dam of Commotion, and grand-dam of Mentor, who was by L,rd Clifden out of Maid of Derwent, by Flat catcher, and one of the mott valuable matrons that ever graced Victoria. The little chest- nut mire Vr.'ie, bv Navigator who it will be remembered wed in this district as a »table mate >' Althol'i and Mileto«, but who wa» lately ni the rank» of the galloway» if, Hy<l ney, lately met with an accident at Warwick1 Farm, and »he, too, died a few day« ago. In- tel 1 .renee come« from Queensland of the death also ni Ne»'n.ld, i Lu tn ,*t Lim >ii« M re Bananaland ever p iss«««e'l, who hi 1 gradu- ally »va«ted away through old ai»", for he wa» foaled in Vn. Newbold ws« the »ire. of líen Bolt, Bendig". Megaphone, and score« of other greit pirf.irmer«, and the old Kelpie horse will long be affectionately remembered in Qu»en»l»i.d. His dam wns Dira, by Sir Her-nie« fr.in Old Dira, by Beresford'« Cime!, so tint he »prung from a real old race You i! Do, a s m of The Works and brother io AU H ght. brrd by Mr Thomas Cook, at Tnra'iVil e, »hi oreti w. -i a b'i» hin licap at Sinc'eton, Lil. led ft Sedirp Hurdle Race at Maribyrnong, Victoria, a few days ago The h rse Sir Henrv, who w,>n a c mple of races at the b.te Tamworth nw'tiu'. t» hy ^ir Will am, w'n ran sec >nd in M Ivoho's Cop, and L< was got b) that siro when thti latter was ve»y young A few weeks ago Sir J D Ashley nro moted a ten noli"' race for v>'eran rum uri over "H yrars if eue, winch came "ff on the Stamford Bridge Ground», Lindon. The evert attract.d f irty-eipht ei trie«, i;xl of th«»e thirty ei^ht faced the »Hrt'-r The rice was a har Itc-ip, '»nd the. wiriri« r t irnul np in "Chip y" Warburton. 00 jmrs, scratch W S'ip'v, a'ldlier fiity ^eir ul<l and icrstchrann wa» second, ¡i B illino? 51 year» old, i'X) yard« »tart, ran third Ii ea'i be easily gupased that Warburton »'ill | po»si f*( A much <f tie fire of hi« youth, fir h-ran th« di.t^nce m til min Í5'»', sec». a performance that would put many yojn.er athlete* to »hame Among the starters wau L Bennett (J «ck« in), who, in ¡s(¡¡, ra'i Hi mile« W( 1 under the hour in D' .'lind, but wh . It tiow a lltt'e »,there! <> I in»n of 7! he hsd, 1» s matu in the race, Bi ! L*t j¡, wh 1, in the »»me year and on a dow 1 hill tr» 'k .'»it * .11« It^h nd hi n in I cmi '_' »eci H< W"rer, mii^r >f the»e «1 d tim-'r« hid thu illthtf «' I lllllf* 'me .i'atiluh H»n!ie*p ran f ,r at Klein jirgtnn on M>'d»y '»as .» very r-.rd rae« t » win a» »,.«y {«> gleaned f'om the fact thar A«' ' V.!e h»d to cut out thu «11 furlong» in ¡ I-It hei.,r« he eou>d disp «e of Liri H ¡.6 t to'.n and The Harbour Lj>bt, w'> >m I ad v»ed a» a go ¡' f it ¿ f >r the last Newitur&pt; Handicap, but wh > c till or.ly ni > th.r I f^e second h >r»e started first fa,v u-.te <>n M 10 'dar and the first hor#« sec ind luv uni« Ascot Vale I* the property i>t the astute Mr I T. Carslake, is by 8t. Alban» oat of S . 1. I tude, ar.d ha« been a tery nufortu. a'« pe(. j former. As will b« noted the time 1» the best ever Tnn at Pleniigton in a h*i,.iic»p and 1* just p((uai to Volcano's recird al ¡ Handwiuk, The talent bet pretty closely at ïlemujftoa for Hopetoun »a« aooat second favourite in the Bagot Handicap and ho won from Annesley and Norbert, who were well supported, and they cut out the mile and five furloncs m the great time of 2A0\, which is very close to the record. Glenloth, the Melbourne Cup winner started, and ran well for the greater portion of the journey, but he was unbacked. It ha» been suggested that the Newcastle Jockey Club should try the experiment of holding monthly meeting in addition to its four regular quarterly reunion», but for roy own part whon it is taken into con»ideration that some one or other of the Northern racing intitulions is almost continually in the field with a programme, I think that monthly reunions at the seaport would be rather overdoing the thing. There is at present not io little racing anywhere but loo much everywhere. I« it not just about time that the snb committee entrusted by the Northern Jockey Club with the task of reporting upon the site* »Uti;"»ted a» racecourse» had completed it« work, or at lpa*t made some effort to do so F Racing h lat» made of aluminum are now being constructed in America It i* claimed that the material is lighter and moro durable than cdar. The number of entries for the N-wmsrkel ITindioip and Australian Cup steadily «how» a deteriorad n season after season, and tb'« year is r,o exception to the rnle. The quality, ton, of those engaged in tho long race is Not superfine, but just now th»-re »re not many excelle' t anima'.« in Australia over a di'tar. -». The c" At »print eve'it ha« filled »atisfactorily, and Now S,.tilh Wale* i« well represented in each e»ent In addition to the entries pub h«hed Melo« and Ethp|b«rt should ho included in the Cup candidate«, whilst Bungebah i« encased in the Newmarket. At the recent Wauch *pe race»,the two big events were w n by Breera, n horse well.known in Maitland Mr Jam« s Mayo'» old favourite Erin, who was » dri by that gentleman »oran time hack, took part in a couple of race», but the ancient Kelpie gelding is but a ghost of hi.« former *e!f. and could do nothing better than run a bad second to Radical in one handicap. Tho only important fhtiiro for to-day ii the gathering at M «irefield, which should he a crent «ucee»« despit«» the counter attraction of the intercolonial cricket match. Racing has bren «"> plentiful of late that Mr. °oarr would be indeed dull and unfortunate it he failed to get hi« horses together, and I fancy wo can lay neither of those charges at hi« door. Sport will begin with the Hurile Race in which despite hi» bad showing at New- castle I like Crusoe, and Violin may be hi* most dangerous opponent. The Tramway Handicap is a regular pur./le, but with » start I like Confidence, Werong and Victor Hugo in tho order given. If Aura bo any good after her lorii; preparation «ho *h..uM win the Kogarah .Stakes, and I liku Klymas, Confidence and j Werong in the M orefield Handicap, The Aiiet:on Stakes had h »st be let alone, but Th« Bit, Moicow and Norico should got places in th- Steward»' Milo. The popular Lower Hunter Turf Club has a fine programme prepared for the 1 tth in- stant, and horse >wper« and trainers when ?cannie« it should not fail to observe that nomination« must reach Mr. G. 3. Hill, tho secretary, to-day. The smart up-country performer Mentor is to bo tried on metropolitan course». Since thols-uo of catalogue» containing tho pedigrees of Mr Thomas Cook's horsee to bo offered on February 21, I learn that many breeder« and fanciers hare ri«itod the famoiH Turninl'o still to th»ir great astonishment and profit, for the breeding station is one of th«- largest and mist perfect of its kind in 'Australia I am told by very good judges that former season's crops of horse« could in no way compare with tboie to como under thehammer next month, some of the thorough- bred« being especially grand, and they are very even in quality. I intend to take an ear'y oppirtuiuty of baringa look round Turanv ille. , Tho p.«tp.ned meetim? of the Dungog Jockey Club is iked for Tuesday and Wed- nesday n»'Xt Race» will take plac« at Sedgefield on the li) h instant, when a good bill of faro will be disposed of, Entries for tho handicaps are due to-day. Recent advice* from America inform u« that Peter Jackson i» »till after Corbett to induce bim to make * match for the world's championship, but friend Sam " Kitzpatrick" oires ita« his opinion that he will never catch him. Corbett evidently remembers and re- spect the old nursery rhyme which tell» un that Ifr v \ , f, ¡hU on. I now nu ay hwit t.fljht amithtr .¡,iy. It i» certainly safer to run than to Ruht if your opponent I« no pedestrian but a 'nisme«« Itke. pun. Ser If Corbett refuse» to meet Jackson it is hard to s»-e any other outcome of the tañí In than that Peter and Goldard «hill bmie i >r de w irld's champioiMMp, and even if " Pom u tour Jim" doe» enn«»nt to an engagcm- ut moat peojde think that two -\u»'ralivi« «ill be finally left to settle the »ned i|we«tion "Fitzpatrick" ahite* to t*ie »n'endid «takn of £s(XH) »hub hs« been offe'ed for a eintest between Hall end Fitzs; 'im ». », but he dryly remark» that »vi»', that c dosstl »um «ill fs.il to ii<>t thd !ank> Au»tfttlian* going to a finish Ile u prnhahly rieht, fir one ap;e»r« frightened »n>l the -'ther is loo plainly not game. Certainly the Northern Jockey Club will n it bn deligl.tfd with the aoti TI of the lltat Altii'ant p'opte in «rrangtng athletic «port« f>r Annivuiry D<y in opposition to the reu'iiiin of t*»e Club Per* «inly it was not inte- tiona! opposition or the expreaaion of a de.tre to injure th« C nb, but nevertheless it will i-i a very »m»ll measurn have tbit un plot»ar t re«'iU fl iwever, those interested in 'he weifar« of (he N J C unv cor.« .!« theins'eve» with th» retl-ction that there are, .ind wi'l a!« lys he, omipl« who will not pi.tr nl«e hor»eracm«i, hut wh . will visit other ejhibitt ns of »oort, and why «hmiM r.tt t» ey enjoy C e-ii*el«e« at Fa«t Mutland? ¡ \t r (fii'iin'trry (lienham, th« we'l kn >«n | »soirt» *c, la» c n.tributrd £«,"» t<< the fund« ' b-I trcdle-tKl r> cjefraf the eipi-n». s of a ',-\\*\>rj tnn> *Si,-h ia ah mt t> proceed to ' Rru'tand Thtt «urn will clear on« man. j L-krt many a g ,od h irse before him and many a ijood one to com«, I «uppoae, Two j Co, winner of the Villier« Handicap, ha« a curiou« history, He wa« bref in the W«gi>a ( ilistri.-t, and wu originally «old for £0, ht« ' pur h»»er bein.? a »hearer who uaed th« «on j of Ar-tbee to carry hi« pack round the country. Hirnehot» or other it «ra« dis- covered that Two Up could gallop a bil, and he figured as the winner of a few hack races before he blossomed into a full- blown race- horse. At one period of his career his shear- ing .owner offered the horse, »wag and all to a publican for ¡IO», but that cute gentleman with all duo solemnity politely refused the bargain, but remarked forcibly that he'd giro " a caser" for the animal. 