MAXIMS OF CARDINAL MANNING. WHAT our spirit—that is, our soul— is to the members, that the Holy Ghost is to the members of Christ, to the Body of Christ, which is the Church. Throughout the whole of our life our charity ought to be on the increase; and if increased, so will be our bliss in eternity. Where the spirit is, there is the Soul of the Church, and where the Church is, there is the body of the spirit and all grace. Where there is a calm inward shining of the lore of God, there is [contentment and a submissive will, and a glad content in our present lot. By your baptism you are pledged to|a> life of sanctity. The life of Christ is your example. Your calling is to be ever growing in likeness to the Son of God. We cannot be too humble, and we cannot be too hopeful, and when humility and hope are joined together, hope sustains humility, and humility chastens hope. What liberty is there so perfect as theirs who, being free from all bondage of creatures, offer their will freely to God, and desire nothing but what He wills for them P Frequent confession and frequent communion are the two fountains of the knowledge which comes from the experience of the love and tenderness of God in Jesus Christ. There is but one absolver—Jesus Christ Himself; but He has ten thousand ministers on earth through whom He applies His Precious Blood to souls that are truly penitent. The Sacrament of Penance is loved by Catholics and hated by the world. Like the pillar which of old guided the people of God, to us it is light; to the world it is all darkness. St. Vincent de Paul used to say—" If we had one foot in heaven, yet, if we ceased to mortify ourselves before we could draw the other after it, we should be in danger of losing our soul." Ritual is seemly and proportionate as the clothing of truth, but where the reality is present, we become as unconscious of ritual as of the light of day or of the circulation of the blood. A DISTINGUISHED CABEER.—We are pleased to chronicle still another success of a young Australian. A cablegram has been received announcing inat .John Henry M'Gee, son of Mr. John M'Gee, of Flinders-lane, had just passed his final medical examination with credit in Dublin. This young gentleman has had a very successful career, having taken first place in his first examination, beating 75 competitors, and being afterwards called for honours. He next gained the gold medal, in competition with 72 students, several of whom held the highest University degrees. We understand that Mr. M'Gee's vacations were always spent on the continent, usually putting in an appearance at any clinique worth attending, and taking short courses at the medical schools of Paris, Vienna, and Switzerland. We believe it is not his intention to return to the colony for some time, as he has been offered a resident surgeonship in one of the Dublin hospitals, and, after remaining a year there, he intends spending a further term at the medical universities on • the continent, after which he hopes to return to his native city to praotise his profession. 