CHEATING THE GODS. A correspondent of tbe North China Herald , writing from tho interior of Kiangsu province, mentions that one of the industries there is tho manufacture of mook money for offering to the dead. Furraorlv the Chinese burnt sham oaner money, but in these days of enlightenment end foreign intercourse the natives of Soongkong, Hangchow and other places have come to the conclusion that dollars aro more handy to tbe ghosts than clumsy paper monoy ; hence they now, to a great extent, supply their ancestors and departed friends with mock dollars. These are only half tho size of roal dollars, hut thero appears to bo no more harm in cheating the dead than thoro is in cheating tbe living. Besides, the deoeascd are not supposed to know the difference, for many of them departed this life before silver dollars were imported into China. A hundred mock Caroliw dollars, done up in hoxes, aro sold for 34 cash. The operation of making this money iu interesting. First of nil there aro blooks of tin which are melted dowu and then poured between boards lined with Chine.io papor, and when the upper boftrd is pressed down on tbo lower a thickness of tin remains. This is next out up into strips 4 inebc long, l'wlde and an eighth of an inah thiol:. Some ten of these strip are placed evenly together, one on top of tbc other, and one cud is held between tue fingers, : when the workman proceeds to hammer them , out til) he Ua« beaten them so fine that they, are now 3 feet long and a foot broad, and so thin that they nro not thicker than the thinnest paper. This is next pasted on common card board, which is then cut with a punching ma- cmne to cue size or nntt-uoiiars, ami rms uaving been done, a boy takes tho cut out pieces in hand, and with two dies, one representing tho one side and tho other the revorse, hammers impressions of dollars on them, aud tbe money is ready for use. Another very curious instance of tho practice of cheating the gods is recordod in the same journal, but from quite a different part of the country. It appears that districts of tbe Anhui province havo lately been ravaged by an epidemic, bo that in many places tbe people were unable to attend to tho harvesting of the crops. An attempt was then made to deceive the gods by "playing at" New Year's doy and preteudiug that , 1st September was tho first day of tho new year. Every preparation for celebratiug the bogu new year was made, such as burning fire-crackersand pasting happy sentences in red paper on tho doors. The object was to make the god of sick ness think that ho had made a mistake in tho season and had erred in bringing an epidemic on tho people at a time when no epidemics in tho course of nature should appear. As any action contrary to nature done by thn gods is liable to punishment by the King of Heaven, the actors in tins farce thought that the god of sickuoss would gather his evil spirits baok to him for fear of the displeasure of his superior divinity. Thisohild's play received tho permission and co operation of the local authorities, but so far no visible effects fur the better are apparent. 