Story Column. cheap jack zita : by S. BARING-GOULD, ; Author of " Bed Spider," " ThoPonhycomo- quioks," "Court Royal," "Ricliurd . Cable," "Mehalah," "John ' ./.'. Herring," &o.; Ait Beisbanb Rights Bbsebved. CHAPTER XXXIV. — ( Continued.) ' Mr. Christian at once, snatched and flourished his weapon, and thetwohnlf- krlp'ay men. began to make passes at each ether. ' Bright eyes looting on ! A fair maid's favour as the prize ! Ah ! Christian, yon're off your guard ; you are using your foil wildly. The man is drunk! Heigh ! To the heart ! I have run you through! Down with your blade, sir!' "Wilkins shouted as he charged home, and drove the toasting fork up into the handle against the breast of his adversary. Abbott, gallop off for Sir Bates !' ' Make him come to shrive Christian. Best hiB soul, he was a jolly dog, but too fond of lasBes and the bottle. Admiral, help me : we will compose his epitaph. . Ho, no ! Christian that is a breach of rules. You're dead, man ; dead as a stone with a etrokD through your heart. . Didn't you feel the toasting fork tiokle your ribs? Stand aside, or Be dead on the hearthrug. You ore out of the game noir. Come on, Admiral Abbott. It lies be tween you and me; Christian, you dog, you are dead and must not interfere. That stroke will let some of the port wine out of your gizzard. Keepin the rear — you are a dead man. If you walk, it is your ghost. It is Abbott's turn with me now.' ' Wilkins, your tongue runs awajr with you. I'll out it off, and wear it in my hat. I'm your man.' Thereupon Admiral Abbott, armed with his toasting fork, Btrntted into the place lately occupied by Christian. ' Ho,' said he. ' Wilkins, you oheat, you took a seurvy advantage over my dear deceased brother Christian. You shall not play me the same trick. You have the window behind you.' 'I did not consider it. /Change/sides.' ' Ho, I will not have the advantage over you either. We will fight with the daylight athwart onr blades.' ' Then the Queen of Cheap Jacks must shift quarters to Bee that all is fair.' ' Let her shift,' said Abbott. ' I am not going to be killed or to kill yon at a disadvantage. Heady.' The passage of arms between Wilkins and Abbott was as brief as that between him and Christian. A stroke from the admiral, who UBed hiB tool us a ontlass, bont the soft metal of the toasting: fork of his opponent. 'Weapon broken. Surrender!' shouted Abbott. 'How, Wilkins, Btand aside. I am conqueror and claim the rod rag.' ' That's a way to ask ! Like the hear you aro, Abbott. Down on one knee— I won't say gracefully, for you can't do that — and ask in courteous tone. Bed lag, indeed — a orimson favour! ' ' He can't kneel, ' said Christian. ' He'd never get up if ho were onoe down.' 'Admiral! I could swear the Cheap Jack Queen has been crying. There are tears on her cheek and u drench of rain in her brown eves. It is for you, Christian, ' you lucky dog j you caused them to fall, because X ruu you through, and Her Boyal Highness weeps for her knight bleeding his life-tide away.' At this moment Drownlands entered the room and was saluted by the' three magistrates. 'We have been fighting,' said the Admiral. ' And I am. the conqueror. < If you are disposed to part with the pretty ; housekeeper, I will carry her off en croupe on my horse.' Drownlands disdained an answer. ' Gentlemen,' said he, ' now that you ' are here, let mo ask a favour of you. Pray put your hands to this paper and witness my signature to this my lust will and testament.' ' I hope yon haye put the Queen of Cheap Jaoks down for smoothing hand some. If you have done1 that we will sign cheerfully.' 'Hot for a penny,' nnswered Drown lands. Everything I have goes, to my. niece. Here is ink, and here a pen. Gentlemen, thiBis my true act and deed.' ' My hand shakes,' said Christian. 'I have been laughing, and cannot hold a pen.'- 'And mine is jarred,' said Wilkins, 'with the thundering blows of that ' swashbuckler, Abbott.' ' Jesting, laughing, the throe men com plied with the request of Drownlands, / hardly regarding what they were about. / - ' I say, Abbott,'1 emdWilkitis, ' what .was that promise that fell from:tho ruby \- lips rolative to an eporgnc?' ; -V 'We were to raffle for one; 'said the admiral. ' Can't do it,' said Christian.. 'We 'have not got the-othera here.- We'll hoist /Bates onto a horse and make him come : . another day, when this confounded busi ness of the riots is over.' ' You have got the fayaur, Abbott,' '-said Wilkins, 'but not by,: fqir : swords , ' manship,. ' Whether you (mrry/it to'Eiy is another matter. Christian, shall he Khoiet it at the end of his toast ing fork and ' ride ?' We'll give hits a hundred yards i ; and , then pursue, and ho who overtakes, .' captures the favour and oarries it into the , ' city?' ' ' Done— we'll race the admiral for it.' .' Then, turning to Zita, ' We'll qome another day and raffle for the epei'gne at a guinea apiece. The .ppol .'goes to you. , , " How, then, Brother Justices; way yya g0 !' CHAPTER, -XXXV. 1 ' , Titu Jack o' Lanterns. t i 'Take it, and keep it,' said Drown- /handing ye; wiU' Zita, '.Yor ' vcan read.' It. is ae you. desired;; and or -the aame condition aa .before. ..That iB.ai 'Yes, ' said the girl; 'with that I am content.' She put the will in hor bosom. ' Then,' said Drownlands, in a tone of sad bitterness, 'for life and till death we are united.' 'After a fashion, to keep apart.' ' Yes, united to he separate.' 'Like a. pair of wheels,' said Zita.' ' They keep the concern going, but .have it always hetwoon them.' The day had olosed in, and Zita retired to her room to Bit .at the window and look out at the doad uniformity of the fen, and the white line of horizon between it and the darkness above, like a white fringe to a pall. She desired solitude that she might review what was past. The weather was cold. ' There had been frost, hard and biting, and the ice elad the water. The snow that had been spread over the land had in part dis appeared, licked up by the dry wind that scaled the waters, and the land from whiteness had turned to blackness. The lakes of frozen water would have attracted 'many skaters daring the day had not the engrossing exoitement relative to the trial of the rioters engaged the public attention. The frost had set in with redoublod hardness on the morrow of the riot, and in four days even the Lark was turned to stone within its umhankmentB. As Zita looked out into the night she could see the heavy sky, burdened with black cloudB, that were ragged as a torn fringe, or a moth-eaten pall, about the blaok hard bank of the river, that stood up sharply against the skv. The cold was so biting in the fireless room that Zita drew the velvet curtainB about her, which were suspended over her window, oovered her shoulders and wrapped them about her bosom. There was no light in the room save the wan reflection from the horizon. Had there been she would have formed o pretty picture folded in crimson velvet, with her oval face and dark amber hair peeping out of the folds. She looked dreamily through the win dow. A wave of regret had come over her after the exultation oaused by the sense of self-sacrifice. She considered how that she had loved Mark, had valued his regard for herself , had delighted in his soeiety. He had never Baid to her that he loved her, yet there had been a look in his blue eyes, a pressure of his fingers when he took her hand, a softness of intonation in his voice when he spoke to her, that had said more than words, that had assured her heart that she was dear to him. And how happy she had been when she believed that. A solitary ohild with no belongings and belonging to none, a waif thrown upon the desolate fens, she had found her self lifted into a new region of brightness. Then Mark had beoome cool, and had held aloqf from her. Sho had discovered that he was engaged to Kainie, and oould not become disentangled from thiB tie. He had been constrained to resign himself to it. How Mb interest, his sympathies were enlisted on behalf of that girl, because she was treated with injustice and wob ex posed to danger. How he was about to take Kainie to his houee — now, this very evening. A feeling of. resentment against the girl who stood between herself and happi ness swelled in Zita's heart. Kainie threw down the palace of delight she had built up in the oloudland of hope and fancy. Kainie snatched Mark from her,' and it was for Kainie that she— Zita — had given up the inheritance offered her by Drownlands. la the darkness Zita's brow darkened. Angry feelings surged in her bosom and Bent waves - of fire through her pulses. She would, defy the world. "What need she care for the ohatter of slanderous tongues ? Conscious of her own integrity she would brave publio opinion. She snatched the will from hor bosom, that she might tear it in pieces, and then, she would run to the master and bid Mm make another in her own favour as first proposed. "Why should she not be his heir ? to be continued. 