THE GOSSIP’S BOWL. “ If perchance I shall speak a little jocosely, you will kindly allow me that privilege.” If not dead, the half-holiday movement at Tallangatta appears to he in a moribund condition. For, although it endeavors to display a fair amount of vitality, it is clearly languishing, and its days are num bered. This prospect is as regrettablo as it is inevitable under present circumstances. The determination of the storekeeper in the largest way of business to discontinue the weekly half-holiday must sooner or later cause the other business men, who so far are loyally standing to the holiday agreement, to give way. To be successful, an arrangement of this sort must be general. Business is busi ness, all the world over; and it is unreason able to suppose that one portion of the shop-keeping public can afford to put-up its shutters while another portion is open to and engaged in trade. The advantages of a general holiday which permits of the employes of a town enjoying relaxation in company aro so well known Bint it would be redundant to repeat them. And the dis turbance of tho holiday is all the more to be regretted by reason of the fact that its existence caused no inconvenience to the general public. The latter appear to have accepted the position uncomplainingly, and to have made their arrangements accordingly. But some of the employers look at the matter in a different light; and it is by their view that the holiday will stand or fall. The key of the situation is in their hands, and if they don’t deign to look-up their establishments, the holiday must yield up the ghost. If this should, como to pass, an effort might bo made to form an early-closing association, which would invite and endeavor to persuade tho public to “ Never shop after 6 o’clock,” so that shop hands might have the evenings to themselves. In cases where men and boys are on their feet from 7 or 8 a.m. until 9 and 10 p.m. threo or four days a week, I tliink a movement of this sort would be much more acceptable than the half-holiday. There seems to be no great difficulty in the way of such an institution. The public would soon | be educated up to the arrangement; it would bo an unspeakable boon to the employes; while employers themselves would be less i tied to “ shop,” and the saving of kerosene would represent a tidy sum at tho end of the year. The early-closing system has taken the place of the half-holiday movement in many country towns, and with satisfactory results. Tho recent prosecution of a canine-loving constable for dog-stealing calls to mind the ancient adage, “Who is to watch the watchers themselves r’ ’ It is rather amusing to hear in some quarters expressions of sympathy for the purloining policeman. But theft is theft, and I fail to see why a constable should be privileged to “ shake a dog” or any other goods or chattels any more' than a common civilian. If the policeman in question did “take what wasn’t liis’n,” then I say that the penalty is, in the current expressive phrase, “ good enough for him.” The conviction, if not carrying with it the accused’s dismissal, must at any rate lead to his “ retirement.” He will “ leave the force for the force’s good.’ ’ There is an old saying, “ Set a thief to catch a thiefbut it would hardly do to have that principle officially recognised, however much tho police may appreciate the theory in their business of hunting criminals. It is satisfactory to learn that no feeling of esprit de corps or comrade ship interfered with the working of the machinery of the law in this case. This is as it should be. The Berringa Common appears to be a perennial source of trouble—a veritable “ heartscald,” to use the designation of a former municipal magnate—to the members of the local Shire Council. Hardly a meeting passes by without some complaint being lodged by commoners or by a councillor whinn they have earwigged. The general body of councillors..seem .to be heartily^sick of Jhe wash their hands of the whole business"", "if they could only secure “ pence with honor.” But the Council no doubt havo a delicacy in handing over control to a local committee. There would be a sacrifice of dignity, don’t yon know! And, all things considered, I think the Common and the bulk of the commoners would suffer by a change of that sort. There was a depth of significance in the remark of a localite at the most recent public meeting to consider the management of the Common, “ that he should not like to be the unfortunate herdsman employed under a joint committee of miners and selectors.” People having only a remote interest in the Common think it a pity that such a fine tract of country—some 20,000 acres, I understand —should lie wasting as a Common, the subject of discussion among a large body of men who charge each other with “ grabbing” more than their share of grass, when it might be transformed into smiling homes of peaceable farmers, who would get the maximum of profit off the ground, and thereby tend to the greater prosperity of the district. Twenty thousand acres seems an abnormal area for a Common, especially when the handful of miners at Bethanga are taken into considera tion. After making full allowance for the present and prospective requirements of the diggers on this field, there is still ample room on the Common for 80 or 40 settlers, and the pity is that the land cannot be unreserved and made available for selection. Their management of the Common appears to have brought the Shire Council into collision with the police, judging by a letter appearing in your last Council report under the heading of “a piqued policeman.” The. constable exercising supervision over that part of the Shire complained in effect that the shire president had inferred that he (the officer) did not look after the geese and keep the anserine vagrants from wandering on the Common. It was obvious that the querist put the goose question to the chairman in a jocose spirit, but the joke was apparently not sufficiently discernible to the lynx-eyed officer of the law. Hence these tears! The constable in question is reputed to be a most estimable person, but he appears to be super sensitive. When he is in the force a few years longer, and has weathered the fierce light of public .criticism that bums for all public officers, h'e will not be so easily stung. His'tender epidermis will become indurated to a pachydermatous consistency, so that en occasional reflection or censure will have about as much effect upon him as a drop of water on a duck’s back. He should take— I beg pardon,' borrow—a leaf out of the book of that much-abused official, the Shire engineer, whose philosophy and placid resig nation under the carping criticism of a petulant public are truly charming to behold. The Bethanga inspector’s skin irritation in this matter was probably induced by the reference to geese in connection with his duty. (In that event, might not the officer’s dermal affection be aptly diagnosed as cutis anserina i) But, joking aside, it is satisfactory to find that the president and tho Council have made the amende honorable. They have expressed contrition, and in effect begged the offended officer not to desert his peccant paymasters. It is to be hoped that the officer will relent, lest the pathetic spectacle be presented of the members of our local body prostrating, them selves on their knees and abjectly supplicating their servant to condescend to serve them a little longer and accept £10 per annum as a small return for services rendered. The in spector can well afford to act magnanimously and spare the Council this indignity! The elevation of Dr. Madden, Melbourne’s leading barrister^ to the Chief Justiceship has given great; umbrage to Mr. Justice Williams, who* evidently wished and expected the post for himself. With unquestionably bad taste he rushes into print, and, in a long letter to the Argus, denounces the appoint ment by which he has been over-shadowed. ** Where jealousy exists, the green- eyed monster predominates.” Certainly, wisdom was not the guiding principle in the latest press effusion of Mr. Justice Williams. His Honor’s letter, which is nothing but an admixture of acerbity and egotism, ^ was evidently, written in a paroxysm of passionate pique consequent) upon being deprived of a I dead man’s shoes. It is to be hoped that on cooing down his better nature rebelled at his indiscreet ebullition of temper, and that in his calmer moments he will regret having attempted to east ridicule upon a gentleman whosa merit brought him an unsolicited honor, letters oft have caused their writets lo curse the day they were inditors. Ordimry folks are inclined to think that the impetious knight of the scarlet and ermine, in Ms maddened mud-slinging, has contrived to defJe himself infinitely more than the object ;>f his attack. It is strange how some of the finest men at the bar change after their elevation to the bench—how exceedingly irasciblt they become, and to what crotchets they lerd themselves. Mr. Justice Williams has during his judicial career exhibited marked eccentricities of character. His latest expositioa of the art of letter- writing is calculated to make thinking folks dwfell upon the applicability even to judges of Dry den’s dictum that “ men are but children of a larger grovth.” His Honor concludes his letter by dtdaring that, so deeply does he feel the insult heaped upon himself by the appointment of Dr. Madden over his head that, had he’been but five years away from the bar instead of twelve, he would unhesi tatingly leave the bench and go back to the bar. Therein the judge is practical. He doubtless appreciates the competition that has followed in the wake of the amalgamation of the legal professions, and so will stay where he is. He is prepared to sacrifice his offended dignity upon the altar of financial expediency, and in drawing his judicial salary of £3000 a year will pocket with it the affront that has been offered him by an un appreciative Ministry. Isn’t it funny what money will do? PASQJUN.. 