A STUDY IN SCARLET. Br A. CONAN DOYLE, 'Author of 'Mioah Clarke,' 'The Sigff of Four,' 'The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes,' &c.; PART II. The CooNTBr ok toe Saints. Chaptbb TV.— (Continued. I Outside all was calm and quiet. Tha night was fine and the stars were twinkling brightly overhead. The little front garden lay before the farmer's eyea bounded by the fence and gate, but neither there nor on the road was any human being to be seen. With a sigh of relief Ferrier looked to right and to left, until happening to glance straight down at his own feet he saw' to bis astoubhment a man lying fiat upon his face upon the ground with arms and legs all asrirawL bo unnerved was he at the sight that be leaned up against the wall with his hand to his throat to stifle his inclination to call out. His first thought was that the prostrate figure was that of some wounded or dying man, but as ha watched it he saw it writhe along the grouad and into the hall with the rapidity and noiselessness of a serpent. Once within the house the man sprang to his feet, closed tho door, and revealed to the' astonished farmer the tierce face and resolute expression of Jeffer son Hope. ' Good God !' gasped John Ferrier. ' How you scared me 1 Whatever made you come in like that.' ' Give me food,' the other said hoarsely. ' I have had no time for bib or sup for eight-and- . forty hours.' He flung himself upon the cold meat and bread which were still lying upon the table from hi3 host's supper and devoured V it voraciously. ' Does Lucy bear up well?' he said when he had satisfied his hunger. 'Yes. She does not know the danger,' her . father answered. 'That is well. The house is watched on every bide. That is why I crawled my way up up to it. They may be darned sharp, bu» they're not quite sharp enough to oatoh a Wa9hoe hunter.' John Ferrier felt a different man now that he realised that he had a devoted ally. He seized the young man's leathery hand and wrung it cordially. 'You're a man to be proud of,' he said. 'There are nob many who would come to share our danger and our troubles.' 'You've hit it there, pard,' the young hunter answered. 'I have a respecb far you, but if you were alone in this business I'd think twice before I put my head into such a hornet's nest. It's Luoy thab brings me here, and before haim comes on her I guess there will be. one less o' the Hope family in Utah.' ' What are we to do?' ' To-morrow is your last day and unless you act to-night you are losb. I have a mule and two horses waiting in the Eagle Ravine. How much money have you?'' 'Two thousand dollars in gold and five in notes.' ' That will do. I have as much more to add to it. We must push for Carson oity through tho mountains. You had best wake Lucy. It is as well that the servants do not sleep in the house.' While Ferrier was absent preparing his daughter for the approaching journey Jefferson Hope packed all the eatables tbat he could find into a small parcel and filled a stoneware jar with water, for he knew by experience that the mountain welU were few and far between. He had hardly completed his arrangements befora the farmtr returned with his daughter all dressed and ready for a start. The greeting between the lovera was warm but brief, for minutes were precious and there was muoh to be done. 'We musb make our start at once,'* said Jefferson Hope, speaking in a. low bub resolute voice, like one who realises the greatness of the peril, bub has steeled his heart to meeb it. ' The front and back entrances are watched, but wich caution we may get away through tha side window and across the fields. Once on the road we are only two miles from tho ravine where the horsts aro waiting. By day break we should be half way through tha mountains. ' WhaS if we are stopped ?' asked Ferrier. llopa slapped the revolver butt which pro truded from' the front of his tunic. 'If they are too many for us we shall take two or threo of them with us,' he said with a sinister smile. The lights inside the house had all been ex tinguished and from tho darkened window l'errier peered over the fields which had been his own and which he was now about to abandon for ever. He had long nerved him self to the sacrifice, however, and the thought of the honor and happiness of his daughter outweighed any regret at his ruined fortunes. All looked eo peaceful and happy, the rustling trei.-s, and the broad silent stretch of grain laud, that it was difficult to realise that tho spirit of murder lurked through it alL Yeb the white face and Eet expression 'of the young hunter showed that in his approach to tha ; - J house he had seen enough to satisfy him upon, that head. '.'-'., 1'Vrrior carried the bag of gold and notes, k[£\ Jefferson Hope had the scanty provisions and water, while Lucy bad a small bundle contain ing a few of her more valued possessions. Opening the window very slowly and carefully, they waited until a dark cloud had somewhat obscured the night, and then one by one passed through into the little garden. With bated breath and crouching figures they stumbled across it and gained the shelter of ehe hedge, which they skirted until they came to the gap which opaned into the cornfield. They had jusb reached this point when the young man seized his two companions and dragged them down into tho shadow, where they lay silent and trembling. It was as well that his prairie training had given Jefferson Hope the ears of a lynx. Ha and his friends bad hardly crouched down before the melancholy hooting of a mountain owl was heard within a few yards of them, which was immediately answered by another hoot at a short distance. At the same moment a vague, ehadowy figure emerged from tba gap for whioh they had been making and uttered the plaintive signal cry again, on which a second man appeared out of the obscurity. 'To-morrow at midnight,' eaid the tirat, who appeared to be in authority. ' When tha whip-poor-will calls three times.' 'It is well.' returned the other. 'Shall I tell Brother Drebber?' ''Pass it on to him and from him to tho others. Nine to seven !' 'Seven to five .'' repeated the othar, and the two figures flitted away in different directions. Their concluding words hadevidenb!ybeensoiB8- form of sign aud countersign. The instant than their footsteps had died away in the dis tance Jefferson Hope sprang to his feet and helping his companions through the gap led the way across the field* at the top of his speed, supporting and half carrying the girl when her strength appeared to fail her. 'Hurry on ! hurry on!' he gasped from time to time. ' We are through the line of seotinels. Everything depends on speed. Hurry on !' Once on the high road they made rapid pro gress. Only once did they meet anyone, and then they managed to slip into a field and so avoid recognition. Before reaching the town the hunter branched away into a rugged and narrow footpath which led to the mountains. Two dark jagged peaks loomed above them through the darknese, and the defile which led between them was the Eagle Canon, in which the horses were awaiting them. With un erring instinct Jefferson Hope nicked his w»y among the great boulders and along the bed of a dried-up watercourse until he came to the retired corner screened with rooks where the faithful animals had been picketed. Tha girl was placed upon the mule and old Ferrier upon one of the horses, with his money bag, while Jefferson Hope led the other along the precipitous and dangerous path. It was a bewilderiDg route for any one who was not accustomed to face Nature in her wildest moods. On the one side a great crag towered up a thousand feet or more, black, : stern, and menacing, with long basaltio - columns upon his rugged surface like the! ribs of some petrified monster. On the other hand : a wild chaos of boulders and debris made all advance impossible. Between the tiro ran the irregular track, so narrow in places that they had to travel in Indian file, and. so rough that only practised riders oould have traversed it at alL Yet, in spite of all dangers and difficulties, the hearts of the fugitives were light within them, for every step increased the distance between them and the terrible despotism from whioh they were flying. They soon had a proof, however, that they. - were still within the jurisdiction of the saints. They had reached the very wildest and most desolate portion of tbe pass when the giri gave a etartled ory and pointed upwards. On a rock which overlooked the track, showing oub dark and plain against the sky, there stood a solitary sentinel. He saw them as soon as they perceived him and his military challenge of 'Who goes there?' rang through the ailent 'Travellers for Nevada,' said Jefferson Hope, with his hand upon the rifle which bong by his saddle. ' : They could see the lonely watcher fingering bis gun and peering down At them mis di» eatisBod at their reply. -» 'By whose permission V he asked. 'The Holy Four,' answered Ferrier. Hi- Mormon experiences bad taught him that that ' was the highest authority to whioh lie could - -' refer. ' Nine to Beven,' cried the sentinel. ; - ', 'Seven to Bve,' returned JaSersod Hops '' promptly, remembering the countersign wtiwbi -- ' ~ he had heard in the garden. . ' ' [.'~$. '—. ' Pass, and the Lord go with you,* toid SS-^V^: voice from'aboT*. Beyond luaTpos* -SbpV\\!i% path broadened out and the horaes.ireroiable'i gft to break into a trot, ijookingljick tn°ey'i»u!d^ ^i see «he solitary wa^oec tagjjtg ^^jh^ipuvt^ti r andtoew-thmt'ihey faftd pimed the outlying poet of the ohoeen people and that freedom lay fceforethem. ? i Chapter V.—Thb Avzsgtbq Angels. 1 All night their course lay through intricate defiles and over irregular and rock-strewn paths. More than onoe they lost their way, but Hope's intimate knowledge of the moun tain* enabled them to regain the track onoe more. When morning broke asoene of mar vellous though savage beauty lay before them. In every direction the great enow-capped peaks fcemmed them in, peeping over each others fihoulders to the far horizon. So eteep were the rooky banks on either side of them that the larch and the pine seemed to be suspended over their heads and to need only a gust of wind to come hurling down upon them. Nor was the (ear entirely an illusion, for the barren valley was thickly strewn with treee and boul ders - which had fallen in a similar manner. Even as they passed a great rook came thun dering down withahoarae rattle which woke the eoboes in the silent gorges and Btartled the weary horses into a gallop. As the Bun rose slowly above the eastern horizon, the caps of the great mountains lit up one after the other, like lamps at a festival, until they were all ruddy and glowing. The magnifinpnii spectacle cheered the hearts of the three fugitives and gave them fresh energy. At a wild torrent which swept out of a ravine they called a halt and watered their horses, while they partook of a hasty breakfast. Lnoy and her father would fain have rested longer, but Jefferson Hope was inexorable. ' They will be upon our track by this time,' he said. ** Everything depends upon, our speed. Once safe in Carson we may rest for the remainder of our lives.' Darin? the whole of that day they straggled on through the defiles and by evening they calculated that they were more than thirty miles from their enemies. At night-time they close the base of a beetling crag, where the rocks offered some protection from the chill wind, and there huddled together for warmth they enjoyed a few hours' sleep. Before daybreak, however, they were up and on their way onoe more. They had seen no signs of any pursuers, and Jefferson Hope began to think that they were fairly out of the reach of the terrible organisation whose emity they had incurred. He little knew how far that iron grasp could reach or how soon it was to close upon them and crush them. About the middle of the second day of their flight their scanty store of provisions began to runout. This gave the hunter little uneasi ness, however, for there was game to be hfcd among the mountains, and he had frequently before had to depend upon his rifle for the seeds of life. Choosing & sheltered nook, he piled together a few dried branches and made a blazing fire, at which his companions might warm themselves, for they were now nearly five thousand feet above the sea level and the air waa bitter and keen. Having tethered the horses and bade Lucy adieu lie threw hie gun over his shoulder and set out in ?search of whatever chance might throw in his ?way. Looking back he saw the old man and the young girl crouching over the blazing fire, while the three animals stood motionless in the background. Then the intervening rocks hid tuem from his view. lie walked for a couple of miles through one ravine after another without suooebs, though from the marks upon the bark of the trees and other indications he judged that there were numerous bears in the vicinity. At last, after two or three hours' fruitier search, be was thinking of turning back in despair, when caeting his eyes upwards he saw a Eight which sent a thrill of pleasure through his heart. On the edge of a jutting i-innacle, three or four hundred feet above inn), there stood a creature somewhat r«s«oiblinR a shtep in appearance, but armed ?with a piir of gigantic horns. The big horn — for eo it is called — was acting prob&uly; as a guardian over a flock which were invisible to tue mincer ; Due lorcunateiy ic was neaamg in the opposite direction and had not perceived lii in. Lying on his face he rested his rifle upon a rock and took a loue and steady aim before dratviDS* the trigger. The animal sprang into the air, tottered for a moment upon tbeed^eof the precipice, and then came crabbing down into the valiey beneath. The creature was too unwieldy to lift, so the hunter conteutcd himself with cutting away one haunch and part of the flank. With this trophy over his shoulder he battened to retrace his £tep=, for the evening was already drawing in. lie had hardly started, however, buiure he realised the difficulty which faced him. In liis eagerness he had wandered far past the ravines which were known to him and it was no easy matter to pii-k out the rjath which he had taken. The valley in which* he found bim e--!f divided and sub-divided into many gorges, which were so like each other that it was iruposFible to distinguish one from the other, lit) followed one fur a mile or more until he came to a mountain torrent which he waa euro that he had never seen before. Convinced that he had taktn the wrong turn he tried another, bat with the same result. Night was coming ou rapidly, and it waa almost dark before he at last found himself in a delile -which was familiar to him. fe,ven thi-n it was no easy master to keep to the right track, for the moon &ad; cot yet risen and the high cliffs on either side made the obscurity muro pro found. Weighed down with his buiu'en and ?\v«-ary from Lis exertions he etuoib'ed along, keeping up his heart by the reflection that every step brought him nearer to Lucy, and that he carried with hiiu enough to ensure them food for the remainder of their journey. He had now come to the mouth of the very defile in which he had left tbem. Even in the darkness he could recognise the outline of the cliffs which bounded it. Thcymuet.be reflected, be awaiting him anxiously, for he had been absent nearly five hoars. In the gladness of his heart he put his hands to his mouth and made the gleu reeoho to a load halloo as a signal that he was coming. He paused aud listened for an answer. None came eave his own cry, which clattered up the dreary, silent ravines and was borne back to his eats in countless repetitions. Again he ehouted, even louder thau before, and again no whisper came back from the friends whom he had left such a short time ago. A vague, nameless dread came over him and he hurried onwards frantically, dropping the precious food in his agitation. When he turned the corner he came full in fi^ht of the spot where the fire had been lit. There was still a glowing pile of wood ashes there, but it had evidently not been tended eince bis departure. The s&me; dead silence still reigned all round. With his feare all changed to convictions he hurried on. There was no living oreature near the remains of the fire; animals, man, maiden, all were gone. It was only too clear that some sudden and tumble disaster had occurred during his absence — a disaster which had embraoed them all and yet bad left no traces behiud it. Bewildered and stunned by this blow Jeffer son Hope felt his head spin round and had to lean upon his rifle to save himself from falling. Re was essentially a man of action, however, and syeedily recovered from his temporary impotence. Seizing a half-consumed piece of wood from the amauldering fire he blew it into a flame and proceeded with its help to examine the little camp. The ground was all scamped down by the feet of horses, showing that a large party of mountod men bad over laimn sne ingitivee, ana tue direction of their tracks proved that tht-y had af cer wards turned back to Salt Lake City. Had they carried back both of his companions with them ? Jefferron Hope had almost persuaded himself that they must have done eo, when his eye fell upon aa object which made every nerve of his body tingle within him. A little way on one side of the camp was a low lying heap of reddish soil which had assuredly not been there before. There was no mistaking it for anything but a newly-dug grave. As the young hunter approached it he perceived that a p.tick had been planted on it with a Eheet of paper etuuk in the cleft fork of it. The in?crij)tion upon the paper was briuf but to the point : — JOH\T FERRIER, lTomtEKi.Y of Salt Lake City, Died August 4th, 1SG9. The sturdy o?d man whom he had left *o short a time before was gone then, and this was all hiB epitaph. Jefferton Hope looked wildly round to see if there was a second grave, bat there wa3 no sign of one. Lucy had been carried back by their terrible pursuers to fulfil her original destiny by becoming one of the barem of the elder's son. As the young follow realised the certainty of her fate and his own powerleameEs to prevent it he wished that he, vju, wan jjiDg wnn tne old tanner in hia last silent rP6tiug-pIaca Again, however, his active epirit shook off the lethargy which springs from despair. If there was nothing else left to him be could at least devote his life to revenge. With indomitable patience and perseverance Jeffer son Hope possessed also a power of uus tained vindictivenesa, which he may have learned from the Indians amongst whom be had lived. As he stood by the demlate fire be felt that the only one thing which could assuage his grief would be thorough and complete retribution brought by bis own hand upon bis enemies. Hia strong will and untiring energy should, he determined, be devoted to that one end. With a grim, white faoe, he retraced hia eteps to where he had dropped the food aud having stirred up the smouldering fire he cooked enough 'to last for a few days. This he made up into a bundle and, tired as he wae, he set himself to walk back through the mountains upon the track of the avenging angele. * or five days he toiled footsore and weary through the defiles which he had already tra versed on horseback. A* night he flunjr him self downamong the rocks and snatched a few hours of sleep, butbeforedaybreakhewasalw»rs well on his way. On the sixth day he reached the Eagle Canon, from which they had com menoed their ill-fated flight. Thence he could look down upon the home of the saints. Worn »nd exhausted be leaned upon ins rifle and ehook bis gaunt band fiercely at the silent wide spread city beneath them. As he looked at it * tie observed that there were Haga in some of ? -'-'? 'tt»e principal' streets and other signs of fea ;'*,: jvlty. He was still speculating as to wliaj M I'i-X', this might mean when be beard the clatter of horse's hoofs and saw a mounted man riding, towards him. As heapproaohed he recognised him as a Mormon named Cowper, to whom he bad rendered servioss at different-times. - He therefore accosted him whan hs got.up to him with the object of finding * out what Iiuoy Ferrier'a fate had been. - ' I am Jefferson Hope,' be said. ' You re member me.' The Mormon looked at him with undisguised astonishment— indeed, it was difficult to recognise in this tattered, unkempt wanderer, with ghastly white face and fierce, wild eyes, the spruoa young hunter of former daye. Having, however, at last satisfied himself as to his identity, the man's surprise changed to consternation. ' You are mad to come here,' he cried. 'It is as much as my own life iB worth to be seen talking with you. There is a warrant against von from the Holy four for assisting the terriers away.' 'I don't fear them or their warrant,' Hope said earnestly. ' You must know some thing of this matter, Cowper. I conjure yon by everything yon hold dear to answer a few questions. We have always been friends. For God's sake, don't refuse to answer me.' ' What is it V the Mormon asked uneasily. ' Be quick. The very rocks hare ears and the trees eyes.' ' What has become of Lnoy Ferrier ?' 'She was married yesterday to young Drebber. Hold up, man, hold up ; yon have no life left in you. 'Don't mind me,' said Hope faintly. He was white to the very lips and had sunk down on the stone against which he had been leanintr. ' Married, vou sav ?' 'Married yesterday — that's what those flags are for on die Endowment House. There was some words between young Drebber and young Stangerson as to which was to have her. They'd both been in the party that followed them, and Stangsrson had shot her father, wbioh seemed to give him the best claim ; but when they argued it out in council Drebber's party was the stronger, so the Prophet gave her over to him. No one won't have her very long though, for I saw death in her faoe yesterday. She is more like a ghost than a woman. Are you off then f 'Yes, I am off,' said Jefferson Hope, who had risen from his seat. His face might have been chiselled out of marble, so hard and set was its expression, while his eyea glowed with a baleful light. ' Where are you going f 'Never mind,' lie answered, and clinging his weapon over his shoulder strode off down the gorge and so away into the heart of the mountains to the haunts of the wild beasts. Amongst them all there was none so fierce and so dangerous as himself. The prediction of the Mormon was only too well fulfilled. Whether it was the terrible death of her father or the effects of the hateful marriage into which she had been forced, poor Lucy never held up her bead again, but pined away and died within a month. Her sottish husband, who had married her principally for the sake of John Ferrier's property, did not affect any great grief at his bereave ment ; but his other wives mourned over her and eat up with her the night before the burial, as is the Mormon custom. They were grouped round the bier in the early hours of the morning when, to their inexpressible fear and astonishment, the door was flung open aud a savage-looking, weather oeaxen man in tattered garments stroke into the room. Without a glance or a word to the cowering women he walked up to the white eilent figure which had once contained the pure soul of Lucy Ferrier. Stooping over her he pressed his lips reverently to her cold forehead, and then, snatching up her hand, fletooK tne weading ring rcomnernnger. ^tie shall not be buritd in that,' he cried with a fierce snarl, and before an alarm could be raised sprang down the stairs and was gone. So strange and so brief was the epiBode that the watchers might have found it hard to be lieve it therm-elves or persuade other people of it, had it not been for the undeniable fact that the circlet of gold which marked her as having been a bride had disappeared. For some months Jefferson Hope lingered among tbe mountains leading a strange, wild life, and nursing in his beard tbe fierce desire for vengeance which possessed him. Tales were told in the city of the weird figure which was seen prowlinK about the suburbs and which haunted the lonely mountain gorges. Once s bullet whistled through Stan gerson window and flattened itself upon the wall within a foot of him. On another occasion, as Drebber passed under a cliff a great boulder crashed down on him and he only escaped a terrible desth by throwing himself upon hiB face. The two young Mormons were not long in dis covering tbe reason of these attempts upon their lives aud led repeated exjieditions into the mountains in the hope of capturing or killing their enemy, but always without success. Then they adopted the precaution of never going out alouejor afttrniphtfalland of havingtheirhour.es guarded. After a time they were able to re lax these measures, for nothing was either heard or Been of their opponent, and they hoped that time had killed his vindietivenes?. Far from doing so, it had, if anj thing, aug mented it. The hunter's mind was of a bard, unyielding nature, and the predominant idea of revenge bad taken auch complete possession of it that there was no room for any other emotion. He was, however, above all things, practical. He soon realised that even _ his iron^Jconstitution (could not stand the incessant strain which be was putting u|X-n it. Exposure and want of wholesome food were wearing him out. If he died like a dog among the mountains, what was to become of his revenge then ? And yet eucn a death was sure to overtake him if he persisted. He felt that that was to play his enemy's game, so he reluctantly returned tothe old Nevada mines, there to recruit hie health and to amass money enough to allow him to pursue his ohject without privation. His intention had been to be absent a year at the most, but a combination of unforeseen circumstances prevented his leaving the mines for nearly five. At the end of that time, bow ever, his memory of his wrongs and his craving for revenge were quite as keen as on that memorable night when he had stood by John Ferrier's grave. Disguised and under an assumed name he returned to Salb Lake City, careless what became of his own life as long as he obtained what he knew to be justice. There be found evil tiding await ing him. There had been a schism among the Chosen People a few months before, some of the younger members of the church having rebelled against the au thority of the elders, and the result had been the secession of a certain number of the mal contents, who had left Utah - and become Gentiles. Among these had been Drebber and Stangerson, and no one knew whether they had gone. Rumor reported that Drebber had managed to convert a large part of bis property into money and {.that he had departed a wealthy man, while hiB companion, Stangereon, was comparatively poor. There was no clue at all, however, as to their where abouts. Many a man, however vindictive, would have abandoned all hope of revenge in the face of such a difficulty, but Jefferson Hope never faltered for a moment. With the small com petence he ipossed, -eked out be euch employ ment as he could pick up, he travelled from town to town through the United States in quest of bis enemies. Year passed into year, hia black hair turned grizzled, but still he wandered on, a human bloodhound, with his mind wholly set upon the one object to which he had devoted bis life. At last his perse verance was rewarded. It was but. a glanoe of a face in a window, but that one glance told him that Cleveland, in Ohio, possessed the men whom be was in pursuit of. He returned to his miserable lodging with his plan of vengeance all arranged. It chanced, however, that Drebber, looking from his window, had recognised the vagrant in the street and had read murder in his eyes. He hurried before a justice of the peace, accom panied by Stangerson, who had become his private BocretaTy, and represented to him that they were in danger of their lives from the jealousy and hatred of an old rival. That even ing Jefferson Hope was taken into custody and not being able to find sureties wasdetauned for some weeks. When at last he was liberated it was only to find that Drebber's house was deserted and that he and his secretary had de parted for Europe. Again tbe avenger had been foiled and again his concentrated hatred urged him to continue the pursuit. Funds were wanting, however, and for come time he had to return to work, saving erery dollar for his approaching journey. At last, having collected enough to keep life in him, he departed for Europe and tracked his enemies from city to city, working his way in any menial capacity, but never overtaking the fugitives. When he reached St. Petersburg, they had departed for Paris ; and when he followed tbem there he learned that tht-y had just set off for Copenhagen. At the Danish capital he was again a few days late, for they had journeyed on to London, where he at last succeeded in running them to earth. As to what occurred there we cannot do better than quote the old hunWB own account, as duly recorded in Dr. Watson's journal, to which we are already under such obligations. (To be continued ) 