on Dir. That at a recent auction sale a golden pheasant appeared on the tale list aa a 'stuffed canary.' That the position of a football umpire li not the rcsieet billet in the world. That one umpire we know of Is accused oi bhovring partiality to both sldos. That each club thinks it has a griev 1 hat we think the umpire should prevent the rough play. That a resident of Iuvcrmay was seen the other evening guiding a refractory cow by hanging on to her nether appendage. That the cow resented the interference, and tbe man and his lamp weie dipoEU-.-d round a corner. That a tailor received on order text day. That the cwnor of a steam launch has for eouiii months been experimenting with the fcg horn. That quite unexpectedly the horn emitted the correct. prtTHi.i ^ Sunday evening, white the laun .-to awaiting the tide near the Tow*, i'oiu. That the owner wsis co delighted at his Guccrsa that he kept the horn going until all the sleam was exhausted. That in consequence the boat had to be towed to its moorings, and it ~was some hours before it could be left secure. That the noise of the horn frightened many people pt the western cud of the city. That lots thought it was the screams of a Tl.it one 'early bird' got ont of bed, armed himself and his son, and went to assist a neighbor who he thought was in danger. Tr.at the Marine Board should enquire into tbe matter. 'jhat they should advise the transgressing owner to S';lcct other time and place for his experiments with the euphonious fog born. 'Jhat the Marine Board has made further retrenchment. Tbat it would be true economy to station the tug boat at the Heads. That counterfeit Treasury notes are in circulation in Queensland, That the primage tax is not favorably re ceived in commercial circles. That it is being accepted only in despair, with the knowledge that the Assembly is incompetent to propound legitimate taxa tion. That it would be difficult to produce a greater source of amueing anomalies and j^ritating inequalities than the existing That a fond father in Launccston has been expressing his opinion on the tariff question very freuly. That his household contained twins— a pigeon pair. Jhat during their infancy the pair were clothed in 20 per cent. good*. That when the boy waB last week elevated to the pride ef knickerbockers he was clad in 15 per ccnt. goods. lhat the father declares that the next twins will be registered as bots, and put into knickers when a fortnight old. That it is quite time the Treasurer gave hiB decision in the matter of the shortage in the Launccston bond. Tbat it is absolute cruelty to keep sue* pended officials under suspicion for raven weeks undur such circumstances. That ' The Tramp' says the gorac wilder nesses of Deloraine are yearly— like its public men — becoming more dense. That the same siviile applies with equal forca to the members ef the Af-sembly. Thai the rccognised leaders of tbe Opposi tion have bscrn:- *?- disgusted with the con duct of the Assembly that they decline to take pert in the proceedings. That whilst there ia ample ground for dis piist, it is tho iluly of every member to attend and fight for the right. * ^at* interest in the proceedings of the Assembly ie practically dead. That the intercbt now centres iu the prob able action of the Council on the taxine proposals. 6 * j0'5] of the Oouneil have determined to itjsct the taxing bills, to lorcc the Government to appeal to the countiy. ,.£1,a£ iB 'ally the only Bolutian of the dithcuUy created by the weakness and mud;le dieplayed iu the Assembly, Tlint the Council will persist in its re fusal to touch the taxing proposals until Titn. Ji® E$hetoe iB before tbat Chamber, i i.at the Launceeton Water and LightBill mc°a° ures of°the°St i.°l)udtnl and unpopular That the aldermen who father the bil will meet with a warm reception whenever they face the el .ctorp* ,U,e members for Westbnrj and \\\e lugun ire cot 1 kely to be choked with d^rfrst,,redand preee^ '» «f T«m10U-g0;idB Can be bftd tbat 200 ounces ot xasmanian butter will never sec Eecland during tho coming summer, efcapite Mr tttvormicks stngaine assertion of 200 tons being exported. That all the Eurplnn bntter will fcc refmired und^alariee! lieDceH t0 keeP 'P the .US That the ghost of a departed spirit has ThZfiv, — e old Hobftrt nurses* home. That the raising was brought about by a party of spiritualists. y ft bcarth-itanef or human'remaSa.^ ^ That they have succeeded in findine a quantity of half decomposed bones. animals'.*10 b°DeB arc renminB deceased That the alleged ghost has 'gawne,' Abatthe member for Borell. Mr Wool], nough, has comc to the conclusion that a f°*' «- ir,hl*tM,t,SCm«°:RCnnem,1,liailot fttr W™8 That the Douse, or rather the membere Hon« *Metm E Bt,'C 01 ''°8 ' 'er eince That Mr HawkoB says Tasmania is fast colonies.^ Uonto c&rl;° of the Australia' Mr nl-!?\SilCDi member of the Assembly, this ST^oh dcllTtred hiB maiden eflort lhat ths ice waa broken in defending the interests of the municipalities, when the proposal to annex tho police bnildings was under consideration. m-*nu^e9thC member eIJolte for falIy ^e.rt'ctiTcd a m°flt patient hearing. * utterances must have carried conMctioa to the minds ef his hearers, as me cause dealing with the subnet was poetponed. J cra''at rasaJania ia now in lntn:nfl , J.h? '^rowing era hat given proof of tie ot TasnLa' P°'tlCi'' ia thc « .Ti'r' I0'? be;ic£ wi' not ^ triumphantly Mtablishcd unlei. every effort i. pnt forth to develop our mineral wealth. That the mineral exhibit at Hobart by universal accord thoulJ be made a topic in the conversation ot nations. That tbe Lottery Bill has received Vice Regal assent. That marriage bring a lottery should be discouraged. That it would be well for some of our budding IUwkshaws' to warn a prisoner when arresting hiui, that anything he may say will he uetd against him at his trial. ^» n«i^r^i.n-pert0,18wb0 once bought it the cc.nct thirg to sneer at, lhe'-mriah' are now ty; ing to hunt up a strain of Celtic blood in their o^u pedieree. Toat tliis chjnge of front is entirely due Go^rnKU1 ' Ili,h ViMo/' Ihit the man who originated the Bavins ?franking maeh.oeb' in connection iitS the ardenB of mtinlcipalitleB may die, bnt this new name will never die, _ That ' The Tramp' is collecting rsaordfl of pioneer life : in the Deloraine district, which will ba published in the Daily Telegraph dating tbe months of October, November andDccemler. ? That the ' Paddy Bcrnb Tragedy' will be re told in these records ; also the trie ver sion of the mnrder of Ellen Oane, and other KnsEtionil crimes, the ptrpetratorB of which nivp nev^r been brought to jastice. 