FICTION. .Vont KagUet « Amerftean. and Other Periodical*. PAULINA LISLE. PART SECOND. > CHAPTER III.-(Continued.) " Miss Mason, your voice is superb-equal to Jenny Lind'*, with training. 'Pon my honour, I thought it might be Circe or Calypso, or those what-you- call-'ems- sirens, you know, of the vjggean Seas, holding a concert by mistake on the Lincolnshire coast." " What the-what brought you here, Earls court: ?" demanded the artist, with no very friendly accent. Gny looked at him lazily from under his thick, hlack lashes. " Ia the character of ' Paul Pry,' for this occa- sion only. Well, my dear boy, don't pour the rials of your wrath on me-I am Beauty's messenger. In other warda you promised to drive Lady Charteris and cousin Di over to Heather <\- holme after luncheon, and as Di seems really anxious t > go I tame m search of you. Had I known-" with a glance at Polly, but Mr. Fane " I asked Miss MaBon_tobrlng me here that Ï might sketch this grotto. Shall we return, Miss Mason, or-" " Oh, yes, please," Polly answered, shrinking away, she hardly knew why, under the gaze of the brown eyes she thought the most beautiful on eirth. " They will wonder where I have gone to at home." Mr. Fane looked at Mr. Earlscourt, as if saying, " You hear ? You're not wanted. Be kind enough to go." And t^e young guardsman answered the glance, and walking after Polly, began asking her questions about the town and the sands, as though the topography of Speckhaven were the vital interest of hie life. Polly Mason walked back through the noonday brightness with two gallants instead of one, and flashed a look upon Eliza Long, as she passed her window, that made that young lady grind her teeth for very envy. " Montalien's been as dull as death this morning," Guy was saying, plaintively. " Di's been sulky, Ltdy Charteris a prey to green and yellow melan- choly, Frank not to be found (I didn't look in the bailiff's cottage), and little Maud the only human creature in the place to speak to. I think, con- sidering the emergency of the cape, and the danger I was in of falling a prey to the blue devils, you needn't look so ferocious, Fane, at my seeking you out in my dire necessity ; need he, Miss Mason ?" Polly did not feel as if the interruption were by any means an unwelcome one. Both gentlemen were delightful, no doubt, but Mr. Guy Earlscourt was decidedly the more delight- ful of the two. She walked home in a happy trance, and it was all too soon when the little garden gate came in sight. Rosanna was hanging ont linen on the gooseberry bushes, and Duke could be seen, with his shirt sleeves rolled up above the, elbows, painting in his big bare, front room. The two young gentlemen said good-by to Polly, and left her. Mr. Fane made no further allusion to the Bitting for his fair Rosamond that afternoon Queen Eleanor wished him to drive her to Heather holme, eight miles off, and of course she must take precedence in all things. It was almost one, and dinner was over in the cottage when Polly went in. Her portion of the hash stood covered for her in the oven, and she sat down to partake of that refreshment with an appetite four hours' old, and sharpened by the sea wind. One may be in love, but one must eat ; still sha took time to pick out the onions-never again would she eat vulgar spring onions ; that degrada- tion at least it was in her power to avoid. -^.""^vTinriB that youug -swell-in the- chimney pot hat and dandy boots ?" Duke asked, when Polly paid ber afternoon visit to his painting-room f I don't mean Guy Earlscourt, you understand." " The other was Mr. Allan Fane," Polly re- sponded, looking out of the window. " He's an artist, Dake, and wants me to sit to him for Fair Bosamond." " Allan Fane ! Allan Fane ! Duke repeated, stroking the red and yellow stubble on his chin. " I've hear! that name before, and I have seen that face .somewhere. It's a face I don't like, Duchess ; it's a weak, womanish face, a false face, or I'm greatly mistaken." Polly looked at him reproachfully. " That's not like you, Duke," she said j " you don't often speak ill of the absent, and of a. stranger, too, whom you don't know. Mr. Fane was very, very kind to me yesterday, and-and-he ^'carne home with roe last night. I didn't ride (don't he|angry, Duke), I didn't ride in the tax-cart He didn't let me sit out a single dance, and he left 1 the ladies at the Priory to wait on me, and of course I feel grateful, and all that." Duke looked after her as she walked out of the room.^rith a wistful light in his eyes, the yearning light yon nee sometimes in the eyes of a dog. Polly haB been under his shelter for fourteen yearB-was the day at hand when all hiB love could shield her from, danger no longer ? Polly went through her usual afternoon's work of helping Rosanna " redd up," in a state of dreamy happiness ; little trilla of song bubbling to her lipa, smiles and dimples chasing each other over her face. She was always happy, but somehow the sun never shone bo brightly nor had life ever seemed so sweet "K6 to--day." ~ EosauBS-iooked-Ri'-heiy-Bnd- coagratu- - lated herself that she had made her go out that morning. And presently, when tea was over, she took her hat and went to the gate to watch the new moon rise-and wish-what did little Polly wish ? It was very quiet. The new moon ahirjing in the opal sky, a nigtingale ringing yonder in Montalien woods, the soft flutter of the evening wind, sweet from the sea j the rich odour oï Bosanna'a roses and geraniums in the open window-that was the scene. Ard fairer than all, aa Mr. Allan Fane would have told her had he been there to see the tall, slim girl, with the sweet happy face, and dreamy eyes of blue, softly singing " The Young -May Moon." As she stood there a group of four came up the road from the town. Polly's dreamy eyes Turned from that silver sickle in the purple sky, and brightened into a light not so pleasant to see as she beheld her arch-enemy, Eliza Long. Miss Long was gallanted by the haberdasher's clerk, and behind came Alice Warren and her " young man," Peter Jenkins, of the mill. " Here she is herself !" exclaimed Miss Long, with malicious vivacity j "I've just been telling Samuel of the grand conquests you've made. How are all your friends at the Priory, Polly dear ?" " All my friends at the Priory were quite well when I saw them last, Eliza," responded Miss Mason, promptly. " 111 tell them yon inquired the next time I see them ; they'll feel flattered, parti- cularly Mr. Guy, who danced with you-ontw, wasn't it, Eliza ? and forgot to come baak." " 1 didn't encourage him as much as some people might," retorted Miss Long. " I don't believe in gentlemen born dangling after country girls. I should be afraid of what people might say of me," concluded Miss Long, with a virtuous toss of her her head. " Then you needn't, Eliza ; nobody will ever talk of you in that way, I'm quite sure. Gentlemen have such bad taste." " Yes," said Eliza, with a hysterical little giggle, " I thought so myself when I saw two of them go by with you. I wonder Rosanna isn't afraid." " Afraid of what, Eliza ? I'll thank you to speak out." Polly's eyes were flashing now, as only blue eyes flash. " We all know Polly isn't afraid of anything," cried the young man from the haberdasher's, who was mortally jealous. " She wouldn't go three miles out of her way, as Jenkins did last week, rather than pass the haunted Grange." " No," answered Polly, disdainfully, " I would not." "That's easy to Bay," Miss. Long said, with a second toss ; " it's not so easy to prove. Polly's as much of a coward as the rest.of ua, I dare say, if the truth were known." , " I'm not a coward, and PH'thank you "not to say so, Eliza. I'm not afraid of you, or what people may say, nor of ghosts either, if it comes to that." " Prove it." cried" the taunting. Eliza j " prove «|!'.V" ^V**^ li" ,V* ii' ' * it, if you dare, Polly Mason. Miss Eliza Long understood ner-antagoniat well. To dare Polly to do anything- however mad, how- ever fool-hardy, was to insure its being done. Had she not risked her life, only last winter, one stormy day, when dared to go, out in a boat to the other side of Speckhaven BayP And now into Polly's eyes leaped th» light that had shone in them then, and her hands clutched together. She looked her adversary straight in the face. " Ton dare me to what, Eliza ?" " To pass a night alone in the Giange. You are not afraid of ghosts ! Prove it, if you dare ?" "Oh, Eliza,hush!" cried Alice Warren. " You hush, Alice !" Polly said very quietly. She was always quiet when most dangerous. " I will do it ! I am not afraid of ghosts, but if I were as sure as that I am standing here I should see the ghosts of the night, and the lady, I would go. I will do it this very night, Eliza Long ; will that satisfy you !" " No, no, -Polly," Alice cried again ; and, '* oh, by George, no, you know," exclaimed the young man from the haberdasher's in consternation, while stolid Peter TenkinB stared aghast j " Duke wouldn't let you, yon know." "I shall do it !" Polly said, folding her arms and looking daggers and carving-knives at her enemy. " Yes," said Miss Long, " and Duke need never know. We're all going to a dance at Bridges' ; that's only two miles from the Grange, and I'll tell Duke and Rosanna you are coming with us. We 'wjll go with you to the Grange and leave you there, and'call for yon again when the dance breaks up at two o'clock in the morning. That is, of course, if you really mean tp go, you know, I wouldn't, if I were you, if I felt the least afraid." The word, the tene, 'the insolent sneer, stung Polly, as she meant it should. She opened the gate, and came out so suddenly, and with snch a wicked expression that Eliza recoiled. " I'm not afraid, and I'll thank yon not to use the world again. ïou're a coward, Eliza Long, and you know it, and you bope something evil may befall me, and you would have given a year of your life to stand in my shoes this morning ! Bah ! don't think I don't understand you, but I'll go all the same." Eliza laughed, while she grew white with anger. She did not know she was a murderess in heart, but she did hope the ghosts of the Grange might whisk this insolent Polly Mason off to the regions of the Stjx, although Miss Long had never heard of that gloomy river. She ran up to the house without a word, and came back in five%iinuoes to say Polly might go io Mrs. Bridges' dance. * Don't do it, Polly," Alice Warren pleaded, in mortal mortal dread j " you don't know what may happen. It's an awful place, and I should feel as if we had murdered you, if-" . Polly stopped and kissed her. " You poor, little, frightened Alice ! I don't be- lieve in ghosts, I tell you, and I shall go to sleep as comfortably in the Grange as ever I did in my life. Don't let üb talk about it. Eliza Long shall never call me a coward." It was qnite useless talking to Polly when Polly's mind was mado up, whether for good or evil. Her blood wan up now. and she was equal to any- thing. Her eyes were like stars, her oheeks like rose-berries. As they walked alone in the misty moonlight, her laugh rang out clear and sweet, her merry voice made people smile and look after her as Bhe went by. Eliza could have stabbed her, so intense was hor hate, her envy. Never mind ! let her pass a night in the Grange ! People who had tried it, legends ran, had been found stark mad next morning. No one would ever blame her j she had asked Polly not to go. They passed Bridges' ? the-town with its noise and its lamps lay behind them ¡ the lonely, open road that led to the Grange lay white and "deserteoT before them. They passed the crosB-roads, where fourteen years before Duke Mason had lost his way. A lit'le more than a mile, and they would be at the Grange. Still PStly rattled on; a stranger might have said, to keep np her courage, but in reality the girl was not afraid. Hera was a nature singularly free from superstition or fear of any kind. She was not afraid, every nerve quickened witb-esoitemeot^_«Jíe.Jonged.tQ.sfeow this vindic- tive uval of hers how superior she was to her taunts. The great gates, the grim wall, loomed up before them at last, and Alice suddenly flung both arms about her friend. " You shall not go, Polly-you shall not ! What will everybody say, and who knows what may happen? Peter, don't let her go-Eliza, speak to her!" " She may go if she likes for me," said Peter, boorishly. "Certainly, Polly, I wouldn't go if I felt the least af--" She did not finish the word, Polly turned upon her so swiftly and fiercely. " Yon had better not !" she said. " Alice, dear, hold your tongue ; there is no danger. There are no human things there, and I am not afraid of the ghosts. None of you need come any farther, if you don't wish." She opened the gates-they creaked and moved heavily on their rusty hinges-and walked reso- lutely in. Mr. Jenkins held back, but the other three followed her ; Alice still clinging to her,- and half-sobbing ; a satanic gleam in Eliza's greenish eyes. They walked up the avenue in dead silence ; the unearthly stillness and gloom of the place awed them. Polly spoke, as the house carne in view, and her voice sounded unearthly. " How am I going to get in P There's a window I know of-if you can only raise it for for me, Sam." It was the very window, near the elm tree, in which Duke had Bat and Btared that memorable night. The ivy made an easy ladder for Mr. Samuel, who in some trepidation moved and shook the casement. Wind and weather had done their work-the window went crashing into the room. Miss Mason turned and faced Miss Long with the look of a duelist waiting to fire. " Will that room do, Eliza, or is there any apart- ment in the house more especially haunted than another P I should like to please you, and it is all the same to me." " Oh, don't ask me," said Eliza, shivering slightly as she spoke ; " don't say I want you to go ; I don't I think you had much better turn back." Polly laughed bitterly. " I understand you, Eliza. If anything happens, you must prove your innocence. Good-night, all ; don't fret, Alice about me." She seized the ivy, and with one light leap, was inside the room. Her dauntless, smiling face loeked down upon them from the window. " Go !" she Baid ; " good-night." " Come," said Eliza, with another shudder ; and " Oh, Polly, come back !" came faintly from Alice. She felt as though she were leaving her friend to be murdered in cold blood. But the others drew her with them, and Polly was alone in the house where, sixteen years ago, she was born. She stood by the ( window until the last echo of their footsteps, the heavyclang of?^neAga^rrS^ffé^raèy,^wêre'gT9a6i A great awe stole-over her-not fear-ihejolamn_ stillness of the night-the white spectral light of the moon-the moving of the wind among the trees. It was like living down among the dead. She turned and glanced about the room. The little old piano stood in its corner, the easy, chair in its place before the black hearthstone, a spindle-legged table, the faded tapestry, the bare oak floor Through the corridors the wind wailed overhead the rats scampered. The girl shuddered for the first time as she listened to them. It was so deadly still that she heard the clocks of the town toll nine. Nine ! and she must wait until two or three before they would return. If she could only sleep and dream those long> lonesome hours away. She would try. She knelt down, her face in her hands, and said her prayers a little more devoutly than usual, and then cuddled herself up in the arm-chair. Who had sat in this old chair last, she wondered ? She shut her eyes, wrapped her summer shawl closer about her, and tried not to think of the cavalier and the mad lady, not to hear the wind or the rats. She tried to think of yesterday's delightB of to-morrow's bliest when she would go to Montalien Priory, and kit for her picture. She was in love with Mr. Fane-no, with Mr. Guy Earlscourt -she didn't know which. Presently the white lids came down on the purple luster beneath, and the blessed sleep of healthful youth came to Polly. She slept for hours. The moonlight flickered in a ghostly way enough across the floor, unseen : the rats scampered like an army of -spirits overhead. Was it in her dream that she heard the gates clang again, and the footsteps of her late companions drawing near the house ? Was it in a dream that she heard footsteps that were not the footsteps of the rats overhead ? She sat up all at-onee- -with n start, broad awake. The moon had gone under a cloud, and the room was in darkness. What was that? Surely foot- steps-human footsteps-along the hall outsidej and approaching the door. Yes the handle turned, the door creaked and opened. The girl rose and stood up, by no volition of her own, and seemed staring straight at the opening door. Her heart bad ceased to heat-she was icy cold all over. Was this fear P She had conscious- ness enough left to wonder. The door opened wide-there was what seemed to Polly a blaze of supernatural light, and in that glow she saw the form of a woman entering, and coming straight toward her. 