ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; The Christmasextravaganzaatthe Princess's Theatre is a brilliant series of spectacular effects. The eye is feasted throughout with colours harmoniously arranged, with group ings picturesquely contrived, and with masses of moving figures bright and variegated as an expanse of flowers, with the added charms of agreeable music and graceful dancing. The composition is entitled "Little Red Riding Hood," but any other name would do as well, for half-a-dozen heroes and heroineB of nursery story are introduced, all that is looked for in such compositions being a peg on which, to hang the fleeting scenes, in deed, the old English nursery tales are in danger of being taught to the rising genera tion in a curiously mixed form. Mark Twain once said that in the course of time President' Grant would be known to the average Ameri can state school pupil as the author of "Rock Me to Sleep, Mother." The young Australian is likely to look upon Red Riding Hood, Jack Horner, Simple Simon, Boy Blue, and other characters of fabulous history as personages who moved in one dramatic story. Tiie costumier and the scene painter so deeply engross the attention of the spectator that the spoken words become of little conse quence. There is nevertheless a good deal of dialogue, interspersed with popular music hall songs and jokes, and there are a few local allusions sprinkled like plums in a sailors' pudding-very far apart When the fairies emerge from their caves to pursue their self-imposed task of protecting Little Red Riding Hood and Boy Blue from the evil lesigns of the wolf and the fox, and when the villagers have assembled in holiday attire around the Maypole, a very good indication is given of the perfection to which stage lighting has now been brought The dancers move in floods of artificial light, the varie gated dresses glint in its beams, and the music and the harttionious flow of the rhythmic movements, in which waving wands and bouquets mingle, form a picture which is very pleasant for the eye to rest upon ; but it is only for a few seconds, for the tableau quickly gives place to others of ever-extend ing attractiveness. There iB a children's ballet which is very pretty, and the dolls' quadrille, formed of a great variety of dollB Bome with cheeks like red apples, some with fat legs of wax and imperfectly fitting shoes, others with limbs turned awry, and a few undressed in all the glory of sawdust stuffing -is especially comic. The infants show much aptitude for their duties, and have obviously been very carefully trained. They figure in a school examination, and one mite of three years sings the song " Whacky Whack," de scriptive of a pupil's personal sufferings, with evident enjoyment. In the second act Signorina D'Argo introduces a Spanish dance, and a great feature is the sports procession anfl vocal ballet -The sports, represented by groups of girlB attired in attractive and de scriptive costumes, and accompanied by representatives of the principal implements used in the various sports, are those of fishing, shooting, billiards, football, cycling, cricket, racing, and bathing. When the company is assembled together, the effect is a great im provement on that of the old- fashioned Amazonian march, and the dance of jockeys is likely to become a favourite item. The white skirt ballet, on tb^darkened^tage hung with black veJ»ffC 1?' alsoiii especially pleasing iteny^Miss Mary Weir,"invaddition to performin/theserpentijuf d%nce \with its newest developmenftQe^qiqijw va yerlnini nous white VdrwerRS, on which*<fl©Wured lights play wit|ra*fe?»pidii4uHj^^ changes, portrait 'the Royal Family, the UnionJiWk.'Hffdme Australian flag. The fleeting shades of the primary colours appear in the midst of the rapidly whirling convolutions of the dress, with the effect of dissolving views composed of rain bow hues, and while the figure is arrayed in all the enchantments of colour, it moves with unceasing rapidity and grace to the time of the dance. The effect is remarkably striking and pleasing. Senor Caioedo's per formances on the slack wire are marvellously clever. He runs along the slender thread; he turns successive somersaults both with the balancing pole in his hands and without it; he alights on both feet or on oneat plea sure; he bounds 4ft Into the air, perform ing a rapid evolution, and is firm on his feet or foot again in three seconds; he puts on a pair of military, boots with spun, and he is still as much at home on .the wire as though he were on the boards. This is much in advance of any other exhibition of the kind which has previously been seen in Mel bourne. The scenic illustrations supplied by Messrs. Goatcher and Gordon are quite in keeping with the brillianoe of the general display. ^There are an old-time English vil lage, asfca coast scene; .the.exterior of the wicked baron's castle, and the transforma tion scene. The last-mentioned gives pic torial representations of a number of nursery stories/such as the-Babes in the Wood, the Oldjjsjoman who Lived ina Shoe, and Puss in Btotai' - Boy Bine and fted Riding Hood appear m bridal attire in a medallion in the Fairy Queen's Boudoir, and a not too long harlequinade closes the entertainment ? In: these diversions Mr. Win. Hassan takes a pro-? minent partas Jaeko the Ape, and is a source of great amusement to the young people. .Mr. Joe Gregoryis Clown, Mr. R. E. WatsOn Harlequin, Mr. A. M'Kisson Pantaloon, Mr. . <3us. Gregory "Mother Hubbard; arid Hiss i Minnie EverettColumbine, Intheintroduo tion Miss Violet Varley, With her petite figure i and eitetllent vocal abilities, makesa win f some Red Riding Hood. Her song and I and the Jackdaw," is in her beat manner, and she moves through the soeiS now tortured by the evil machinations of the wolf and the for, now cheered by the atten, tions of Boy Blue and the friendship of the fairies, until the happy denouement is reached with a grace and sensibility which rive ini terest to the character. Miss Jennie hZ « Boy Bine is a pioturesque.rwarm-hearted, and valiant lover, of whose ultimate success no one can have any doubt. Her best vocal efforts are thfc popular music-hall son» "Daisy" and ..Tommy Atkins," which Bhe renders spiritedly and with plenty of appropriate by-play. There are ehoruses for both songs. In the case of the latter the introduction of a number of tiny persm bulator-wheeling nursegirls with their scarlet coated swains adds to the effect greatly, while the flirtation incident of the smallest infant is always enjoyed by the audiences. Mr. Robert Courtneidge in the part of the coy dame has the largest share of the humorous portion of the dialogue. He shows much fertility of resource in evolving comic effects and he tells an old Btory so well that' it bean repetition. The best of his songs are " Lovely Woman," and a parody of " After the Ball." He also appears in' an effective topical trio. Mr. J. R. Greville, who will be remembered by Bome old colonists as playing the leading part in a pantomime as far back aa the days of the Pantheon Theatre in the ex tinct Cremorne-gardenB, appeareasthe wicked baton, Red Riding Hood's designing ancle, a character which' he invests with suit able melodramatic glamour, besides taking his share in the topical trio. The Queen Rose of Miss Ethel Haydon is a grace ful performance, and further distinguished by her excellent rendering of the one song allotted to her. Among the other noticeably well-sustained p.irta are the Wolf of Mr. Sydney Deane, the Progress of Miss Ada Lee, and the Simple Simon of Mr. R. E. Watson. Messrs. M'KiBson and Kearns also contribute a fair share of the fun as two quarrel some boys. Mr. Lovell Phillips's music ia bright and pleasing, and the clever arrange ment of the ballets and incidental dances which form so important a feature in the entertainment is due to the exertions of Madame Phillipini. Mr. Garnet Walch's Christmas annual at I the Theatre Royal of " Sinbad the Sailor," a character whose vicissitudes, in accordance with thespiritof incongruity which rules these productions, are linked with Little Jade Horner, is written in rhyme. It contains some good local hits and some stupendous puns, but as the words as yet are not very pointedly delivered, and as the dialogue is almost buried beneath the weight of scenic ac cessories and a vast body of introduced items of the variety order, the lines which supply the thread of the topsy-turvy story struggle vainly for recognition. Though there is little dramatic incident the later traditions of ex travaganza are well represented. The scenery and costumes are exceedingly good, the stage is generally well filled with brightly attired throngs, and the comic incidents follow each other in rapid succession. With ballet*, processions, and picturesque groupings of a holiday populace, whose dresses might have been taken from half the comic operas which have ever been produced, there are a bustle and movement which make the stage picture at all times attractive. The set scenes include the home of the furies, in which the lively sprite Electric Spark com municates her plans in the interests of Sin bad to her attendant spirits; the seaside village, whence the adventurous hero takes ship for unknown regions ; the submarine scene, in which the voyagers appear after the wreck of their craft; the gorgeous " valley of the million gems," inhabited by beautiful houris and awe-inspiring giants; and the im* posing throne-room of the Emperor of Jum buckfoo. Then there is Mr. Grist's hand some panorama of the principal events of the ceremony oHhe recent Royal wedding, giving portraits of the chief members of the iloyal Family, and pictures of the scene in the chapel, the procession through the streets, the wedding breakfast, and the mansion ia which the happy pair spent their honeymoon. The realistic representation of the leading episodes of this interesting spectacle, with the joy bells pealing, is nightly received by the audience with! the heartiest applauses. Mr. J. Brunton's transformation scene also contains some beautifully pointed pictures of Jife in the old country at Christmas time. Two of the most effective items ia the -introduction are the doll song and chorus, and the procession of heroes and heroines of nursery etpry, the rhymes belonging to each . being sung in turn. The sixteen little girls from three to seven years oTige, each with a doll in her aiins. render their chorus in a highly nfttoral and entertaining way, as though they meant every word of it, and olten putting in unrehearsed effects which are the more amusingfor thfiE thoroughly nnstagy character/,, the infant mind scorning to follow the sUwtsh rule o£ repeating the same by-play every night after the manner of grown actresses, when they have the superior precedentsof the nursery and theplay- ground, as well as the ad van* tage of momentary inspiration to. draw upon* This extra vaganta is distinguish^} by an un usually.liberal allowanceof songs,' of which the greater number fall toMiss Maggie Moore, the representative of Sinbad, who also has the lion's share of the humour of the pieoe. Miss Moore is hi excellent voice, "she retains all her old vitality and [capacity for humorous . expression, andsheis the life and poul of the performance. Her two most successful voca^ efforts are "Daisy " and "MyLittle Comtek Donah," a oouple of tuneful masio-hall ditties which eherenders with that variety bf oomiO vocal inflexion which Is essentia) to their eucceaiful delivery. II, -all the,- other: aotorfi and actresses were as well equipped for the business- of burlesque as iTws^Mopre tbUi phristmas piece ^ould Kaveutore'^Btaineft fun in it than it at /present among her principal enJ>portew there M* ooljr two (Mias Georgie Smith #on, as Electric Spark, and Mr. Martyn Hagan, m Captain Ben Taph Raal) who can be Mid to be ntis* factory. Mr. B. Stewart, sen., the repre sentative of the Emperor, has so small a part; that be is not able to make any impression. Mr. Harry Daniels, a burlesque actor of con siderable aptitude, who plays Boson Ali Quid, has a)so on)/ a few lines to speak. As Dazzalina Miss Isabel Webster sings charm ingly, Mid is a very, attractive-looking em bodiment of an Eastern prinocu, but her knowledge of Stage basinets is of the slenderest kind. Mr. Leumane, too, is a good tenor, and he always gets * hearty encore tor his Australian patriotic song, but to de liver the words of Little Jack Horner after themanner of the Ghost in "Hamlet" and to invest that cheerful hero with an on deviating solemnity of which history makes no record, ia to adopt a line of treatment which is calculated to raise doubts as to the accuracy of his conception of the character. Mr. Hagan can sing a comic song veiy effec tively, and he shows a diversified knowledge of burlesque business. Miss SmithBon ia also a very vivacious representative of Electric Spark, the good fairy who watches over the iortunes of the hero and heroine and even' tually accomplishes their happiness. TJie l'erman family are an acquisition with their graceful dancing specialties, and Mr. Tom Queen is an aooomplished acrobatic per former. The harlequinade has the advantage of Mr. Queen's acrobatic abilities in the part of Clown, and Miss Bella Perman makes an attractive and deft Columbine. The Bijou Theatre was reopened on Boxing night by Mr. D. Cope's Sera phina Company, who iurnish their patrons with on attractive and varied programme. The Ladiea' Seraphina Orchestra, which forms a very effective band, renders iin operatic overture exceedingly well. Mr. 1>. Cope and his son acquit themselves skil fully in a duo concertante for violin and pianoforte from "William Tell." There are also vocal solos and recitations, and an illusional act, of which Miss Louie Byron makes a good feature. Mr. A. R. Moulton is. the accompanist. The performances were discontinued after Wednesday evening, and this theatre is now again closed. The only diatna which is being played in Melbourne during the holiday season is that of" Ransom," presented by Mr. Dan Barry's company at the Alexandra Theatre. Mr. Barry has toured the Victorian provinces and the neighbouring colonies with a dramatic combination for a number of years, and his latest venture at the Alexandra promises to be successful. " Hansom," which is a five-act Australian piny, dealing largely with bush ranging episodes and stirring events which were more common in the earlier days of seittlement than now, has a distinctively Aus tralian -dialogue, and as it is full of life and movement it is sure to secure a large amount of patronage. Miss Eugenie Dogiran, who impersonates the heroine, Mabel Graham, wife of Harold Graham, a selector, has de veloped into a good emotional actress, who knows how to manage her voice effectively, and who can be impressive without over straining the situation. Her best opportu nities are in the soene in which she is com pelled by a former lover, Philip Marlett, to promise to sacrifice herself to him in return for a large sum of money he gives her to ransom her husband, who has been cap tured by bushrangers; the episode of the rescue ; and the incident of her interview with Harold in gaol after he has been wrongfully convicted of the murder of Mar lett. Miss Duggan portrays the emotions which ate called forth on these toying oc casions with genuine earnestness, and is always successful in moving the feelings of her audiences. Miss Dora Mostyn ia a very lively representative of Tom Chivey, a typical station bay. She gives a spirited description of the Melbourne Cup race with appropriate animation, suooessfully invests the character with the amiable cheekiness which belongs to it, and agreeably renders a couple of serio comic songs. Mr. Frank Cotes is in good form as Philip Marlett, the gentlemanly villain of the pieoe; Mr. Barry is entertain ing as an elderly henpecked husband; and Mr. J. F. Cathcart devotes a great deal of care to the effeotive rendering of an old busbmnger, who confesses on his death-bed to the murder of Marlett, and so secures the liberation of Harold Graham. The other prominent parts are played by Messrs. J. G. Patten, D. L. Daleeil, E. Campbell, Miss E. Sydney, aad Miss Ida Gresham. The entertainment at the Gaiety Theatre includes the burlesque of "Cinderella," whiph is very attractively arranged with ap propriate soenerr, ooatumes, and stage effects. The principal performers in the piece are Mr. J. Wilkinson, Miss Amy Johns, Miss Alice St John, and Miss Litlie Oatavia, who contribute an abundance of songs and dances. The new programme at the Albsmbrais called " Neptune's Home," in which a strong variety company provide a very agree able entertainment. There is the attractive aquatic performances of the Beaumont Family, and Billy Barlow, of "blue-tailed fly celebrity," who is remembered as one of title cleverest of the Christy's Minstrels per formers of the early fifties, is re-appearing with undiminished vitality after a long absence from the Stage. Messrs. Will Whit horn, F. M. Clark, Slade Murray, Harry .Shine, the Boris Brothers, Chas. Fanning, Air. HoTlahd, ahd the Anderson Sisters are among the prominent members of the tiaape* 'fne Hibernioon Company are entertaining holiday avditnoes at $t. George's Hall with a &(*>d variety oomp&ny.; rafvofwio Is imnounced as the smallest roan on earth) is giving songs and dances at T, }Vaxw6r*s, Which are an important addition to the other holiday attractions at this place of amusement. 