imtimif Jrmott. INTERNATIONAL (AFTERNOON) LESSONS. DECEMBER 17. THE GLORIFIED SAVIOIJR.—Revelationi. 9-20. GOLDEN TEXT " God also bath highly exalted Him, and given Him a Name which is above every name."—Phil. ii. i). INTBODUCTOBY. THE Apostle John, "the disciple whom Jesus loved," had seen Him often in His earthly days—in the valley of the Jordan, by the Lake of Galilee, on the mountain of Transfiguration, in the garden of Gethsemane, at Calvary, and in many places and scenes besides. Now he is to see his dear Master once again, in His heavenly glory. How different in appearance from what He was as tlie Man of sorrows! Yet Ho was " the same Jesus " still. EXPOSITORY NOTBS. .9. I, John. The apostle (see Introduction). Your brother. He addresses the " seven churches in Asia," i.e. in the western part of Asia Minor; for their names, see ver. II. And companions, &c.; The apostle writes as one with his fellow Christians in all their trouble. The three words, tribulation, kingdom, patience (or " brave endurance "), all belonir to Jesus Christ. Patmos. A small rocky island in the /Egean Sea (see map). There were mines in the island, worked by convict?. John was banished there, it. is generally thought, about A.D. 96. But SOME think that the banishment was in Nero's persecution, about A.D. 66 08. The reason of his exile : the word of God that he had preached, and the. testimony, the faithful witness he had borne to Jesus Christ.' So John the beloved, now as before (Acta v. 41), rejoiced in being counted worthy to suffer for Him. 10\. I was in the Spirit. " Filled with the Holy Ghost," showing to him the wonders of the unseen world. Ou the Lord's day. On the first day of the week, Sunday, the day when Christ rose from the dead. The day has nowhere else in Scripture this beautiful name. Perhaps it was a name which John himself gave, remembering how he had been the first to look into the empty sepulchre (Ji.hn xx. i, f>). As of a trumpet. Loud and sweet. 11\. The woridsof Jesu* Himself, as >efc unfeen by the apostle, Saying, what thon seest. (The intervening words are omitted in R.V., not being in the eariiest copies). The whole "Revelation" is to be written in a book, beginning with seven letters to the seven churches (see Introduction). John himself was living at Ephesus when he was banished. 12\. To see the voice. To see the speaker. Candlesticks. Or " lamp-stands." J.n the temple at Jerusalem there was one golden lamp-stand with seven branches. The Jewish church was one—the church of a single people ; Christian churches are many, each shining with its own light (Matt. v. 14). 13. One like unto the Son of man. Rather, " like unto a son of man " (R.V.). A human form. A garment down to the foot. Such as in ancient time was a mart of honour and dignity ; worn by the Jewish priests. A golden girdle. The girdle about the breast was part of the priestlv dress (see Josephs, " Ant..," iii. 1 and 2). " 14\. Wool . . . snow. Expressing the purest whiteness (comp. Isa. i. 18). Not the whiteness of hoary old age (Trench). « White is the colour and livery of heaven " (see Dan. vii 9). As a flame of fire. Piercing to the very thoughts of men, and flashing with wrath against all evil. 15\. Pine brass. Perhaps glowing bras?, at a "white heat;" strong to tread down all opposition, and burning to consume evil. As the sound of many watere. A mighty voice. The voice of preach.ng, to go through the world ; of command, to give laws to mankind ; of judgment, to declare the doom of the ungodly. 16\. Seven stars—like a wreath or garland—held in His right hand. Explained in ver. 20. A sharp twoedged sword. Emblem of tht word of God (Eph. vii. 17 ; Heb. iv. 12), which pierces the soul, and sharply corrects all sin. As the sua shineth in his strength. Too dazzling to be looked upon. So had He once been seen by John upon the " holy mount" (Matt. xvii. 2). But then the glory had faded, and He appeared again as a suffering man. Now the glory shall never pass away : and one day His people shall share it too (Mark xiii. 43). 17\. I fell at His feet as if dead. John, who had lain in His bosom in His early dayn, now faints with awe before His majesty. He laid HH right hand upon me. To raise him again to his feet. Fear not. Words often spoken to those who were overwhelmed 1 by the Dmne glory (Isa. vi. 7 ; Dau. x. 12 ; Luke v. 1: Matt. xv". 7). 1 am the first and the last. Creator and Judge; the Beginning and the end; Alpha and Omega (ch. xxii. 13); God over alL blessed for evermore (comp. Isr. xli 4 • x], v 18\. He that liveth (R.V., the LiWng One). Alwa,s eternally. Yei I was (or became) dead. Well did John know this, for he had stood before the cross. I am alive for evermore (to the ages of the ages). The gospel tells not only of a dyitu-, but of a living Saviour. And have the keys of hell. Hades, the unseen world. Christ does not speak here of the place of future punishment, but of the abode of departed spirits, elsewhere spoken of as having "gates." Jesus can open aud shut these gates at His will. None can die without His permission, and He can call the dead to life. [The Amen of solemn confirmation is not in the beet copies, or in the R.V.j 20\. The mystery. Or secret; i.e. "(write) the explanation of the secret." The stars represent angels or guardian spirits of the churches. Compare <: the angel of the waters " (ch. xvi. 5). Whether real angelic beings are meant, or whether the representation is an emblem of the spirit or " genius " of each church, is uncertain. What is addressed to the angel of the church is really addressed to the church itself But some understood the ministers or pastors of the churches to be intended, here (though not elsewhere) called "angels." ^The seven candlestick?. Or lamp- stands (see on ver. LESSON. The many lessoiis of this wonderful passage gather themselves up into one—that of the Golden Text. Jeaas who died is highly exalted—by God the Father, well pleased with the obedience and sufferings of Hia Son., who gave Himself for u<. The description given by John brings before us <mly the outward signs of Christ's heavenly glory. The shining light, the piieet.lv robe and girdle the.Aiming eyes, the feet of brass, the two-edged hword, all have, a meaning ; and the meaning of all is that Jesus lives, with all power to conquer evil, and to serve those who trust in Him. His Name is above every name. He who was the "Last" in humiliation has become the "First "in glory. He is " in the midst of the seven lamp-stands " —His churches all over the world ; and the youngest, humblest child who trusts and loves Him may know— this mighty Jesus is with me, to take me to be with Him in that glory for ever. QUESTIONS. 1\. What !New Testament passages speak of the first dry of the week as observed by Christians ? 2\. Where else do we read of any of these seven ch urches 1 3\. On what occasions and to whom did Jesus appear after His ascension 1 4\. Compare his description of Christ with the vision of Daniel (ch. x.). 