South Ipswich Wesleyan Church. ANNIVERSARY SERVIJES. The anniversary services at the Ellen borough-street Wealeyan Church were con ducted on Sunday last by the Rev. H. Voungmau, President of the Wesleyan Con ference. In tile morning an excellent address was given from the words "As for me, I will behold Thy face in righteousness; I shall be satisfied when.I awake with Thy likeness." These words, tise speaker said, were the godly man's answer to an old and perplexing qnestion-a question that was sure to rise in the life of nearly every godly man. This was the same question that was discussed largely through the book of Job-the frequent sod fortune of the bad man and thle frequent ad fortune of the godly man. Thus, to-day, the man who ignored and despised God was seen to be prosperous in this world, adding house to house, field to field, ship to ship, and thousand to thousand in money, while those who were God-fearing and humble devoted servants of the Lord remained poor. This did not appear to square with the fitness of things if there was a righteous God overruling all, and a consideration of it in a certain lighlt was likely to make a man's foot slip and drag him from the safe moorings of trust and faith. But it would be seen that the man speaking in the text had weathered the storm and got safely into the calm of rest. "As for me, I shall behold Thy face in righteousness; and shall be satisfied when I awake wihll Thy likeness." It would be seen that this man looked into his own heart and found consolation in what he enjoyed. It was some times said that the wordly man had to pay the penalty of his own conscience, but examination would find that such was not the case, that the ungodly were neot haunted by spectral ghosts asnd ominous fearsa; it might even be that the godly man suffered more than the ungodly in thisa respect. Then some would say that Providence was against the wilful man; but that was not so, for godli ness was not a system of insurance against danger and disease. Finally, as a method of reconciling the apparent inconsis tency, many would say that one must look beyond this world to settle the matter-that the last of earth would be first in Heaven that Dives would be calling for a drop of water to cool his parched tongue while Lazarus, who was denied the good things of earth, would get them all there. Rut this was only partly right, for, while we must look to the future to explain many of the mnysteries of this life-to give compensation where it hlsad been withbeld here-nevertheless a religion that looked at the matter entirely in that light was likely to become a cold, calculatinsg, bargain ing thing, divestd of all nobleness, grandeur, and unselfishnesi. Such a religion would be one tested by ewht was to Ile got as a material prize. Contrasted with this view as to future compensation it would be noted that tihe man speaking in the text had a present satisfaction -an immediate reward of joy that was grow ing larger with the days of his earthly pilgrim age. "My righlteousness helps me to see God." The unsatisfactory result attained by the man whf4 life was entirely wrapt up with business and the concerns of this world, with out a thought to the life hereafter, was then vividly contrasted with the peace and happi ness secured in this world and the promeise of a certain reward in tie next by the man who did not forget to thank God for what he had been favoured with, and whose actions were regulated by the spirit of Christ's teaching, it beieg pointed out, in conclusion, that the blessedness of Christianity might he irealsed on earth, but thlat the perfect vision remained to be realised in Heaven. At night the reverend gentleman gave a sound practical address fromn the text, "On his head are many diadems (or crowns).--Revela tions xix., 12. Both services were well attended, and the addresses were listened to with deep attention. Special hymns, with musical accompaninents, were sung biy the choir. Mlr. E. Greenhame presided at the organ. A public meetieg will lee held to-ecight, when addresses will le given by the President and others. 