THE BIBLE IN STATE SCHOOLS. By Justitia. " Can .Catholic children he permitted to read the bible in State schools in the manner contemplated by the 'National Scripture League'?" is a question of the utmost importance to Catholics. That we may give a clear and decisive answer to this question, and place what we consider to be its Catholic aspect before our readers, we shall have to consider the basis on which, according to the Scripture League, bible reading- is to be introduced to the State schools. Under the heading of " what we do not want," in an advertisement published by the Register, the National Scripture League say they do not want fa return tothe denominational system of education/' nor do they want " separate grants to any de nomination, nor dogmatic religious teach ing," as -if children could derive any religious instruction from tihe creading of Scripture, or be obliged in conscience to "accept as divine truths the precepts of Christianity without first taking for granted the - divinity of .Christ/ a dogmaticitruth upon which is. based.,the,, truth of the Christian religion;0 TImjr want the bible read in State schools' as'part of the school curriculum; and in. prder to meet the objection r on the pari ef Catholics to bible reading," a cohroieiicfeclause, we arb told, will safe-guard their religions principles, and the scruples^f.any 'other denomination "objecting to the programme of the Scripture League.., , WehaVe no quSraelwith those whbhiake such efforts, to.givp their children what f they iBoriridfitCafeouifd 3$ligibubi bflW&thm.; which, according to the National Scripture: League^- ebildren - eapj j eas^ly^oqw^e; by ; mmply ta&ng; ihe^jbibie in hand, fading it ' "carefully thrinigh,\, and;, almost intuitively ascertaining thenieanmg of the sacred &£fc. find'nblfiat' sucn,> Sand' as iab $t applies to'.lheir own1 children; but still we maintain bible read ing for the express purpose of learning the precepts of Christianity, and the personal and public codes of morality, to use the words of the National Scripture League, is a Protestant doctrine, and as such even with a conscience clause annexed, consti tutes. formally and directly, if adopted by thfe educational authorities, and introduced to the schools, State recognition of a doctrine at variance with Catholic teach ing. We cannot allow Our children attend ing State schools to learn from the private interpretation of Scripture "the precepts of Christianity and the personal ana public principles of morality." To do so would be virtually equivalent to a rejection of the church's divine authority , to teach, and would really mean ah adoption of the cardihalandfundamental doctrine of private judgment. The adoption of a conscience clause will„not help to strengthen their position in dealing with the Catholic, aspect of the education question, no more than a like safe-guard would be acceptable to Protestants in the event of a religious pro gramme being drawn up by Catholic authorities and introduced to the State schools. They would naturally say wc do not. want to Catholicise the State schools ; why do they deny us the right of logically retorting, adopting the identical argument employed against us, when we say " we do not want them to Protestantise the State schools." While we do not then directly find fault with the Scripture League in adopting a religious programme capable of satisfying their conscience, we certainly object as tax payers, for the same reason given by our opponents in refusing to subsidise our schools, to a system of religious instruction' of which the bible, interpreted by every child capable of reading, would form part. We object to contribute to a system of religious education capable of meeting the aspirations of the Protestant conscience alone, while the Scripture League wantonly and illogically ignore the justice of sub sidising our schools, on the grounds that to do so would be paying us for teaching Catholicism. If such be the case, why will they wrest from us the same argumen tative weapon and deny us the right of as logically and consistently objecting to their religious programme, for the same reason impelling them to object to subsidise Catho lic schools. But then the Scripture League may say "how do Catholics justify this attitude of stern opposition to our programme which, even though Protestant, is confessedly pre ferable to the present system so frequently characterised as godless and irreligious. Granting it is, why should we be satisfied with a programme of religious ■ instruction essentially Protestant in form and tendency, and consequently objectionable to Catholic conscience. When the Scripture League will accept a Catholic programme of re ligious instruction to form part of the State school curriculum, then they may, from a Protestant stand-point, consistently main tain that Catholics are unreasonable in refusing to accept the Protestant pro gramme of religious instruction contem plated to be introduced to the State schools. Surely our opponents cannot expect us to support our own schools, and keep them in as least an efficient condition as the State schools, and then contribute to the support of the latter after having manfully built and maintained the former. N or can they find fault with us for objecting to a form of religious instruction exclusively Protestant, and therefore adequate to meet the require ments of the Protestant conscience alone, while they fat the same time vehemently oppose a subsidy to our schools, because they are Catholic. If they, as taxpayers, object to the present system of education because of the absence of religion, they are surely at liberty to do so. And further more, if. they desire that form of religious instruction capable of meeting their conscientious requirements they are like wise at liberty to adopt it. But why expect Catholics, who find fault with their religious programme, on the same conscientious grounds as they object to ours, to contribute their share of taxation towards its support. Why will they not admit the justice of re funding to us our share of the education taxes which can be applied to Catholic schools without any injustice to them. If the Scripture League deny us this conces sion, they leave themselves open to gross inconsistency or intolerable bigotry, and are therefore correspondingly strengthen ing the arguments of secularists. But why, our opponents may say, do Catholics object to the reading of Scripture in State schools, when the Catholic Church is not opposed:to, but: oh the contrary in favor of reading the bible. But I suppose the National Scripture League is aware - that Catholics take their religion from the Church, as Protestants do from the bible. Catholics must therefore know what the Church teaches before they can intelligently begin to read the' Scripture; and con sequently our children must know the truths of Christianity and learn them from the Church, upon which they rest as upon an infallible Basis. The reading of the bible necessarily presupposes a knowledge of the doctrineB of Christianity as taught by the Church. As the Church was founded by Christ and authorised to teach in His divine name before a word of the bible was written, so must we know what the Church teaches>,and utilize- that knowledge as a basiste/direct us in asce;rtamingthe mean ing of Scripture. < ■ The bible. is therefore to be rej^ and:1htyipreted in .accordance with Catholic teaching/Apd rith.the adoption of certain rules intended to '^eguard the sacred text from false interpretation. '' But ifthebiblebeplacbdin'Sehild'shand, with an injunction to read and study the sacred; -volume .'carefully,.■' without ahy " Extrinsic aid whatever,;and vith an im ■ plied understanding that the meaning' derived from the perusal of the book is exactly that intended by the author,- what ever definite religious conviction the child n&y; obtain, under these circumstances, is based exclusively on the unaided judgment of that child. To expect a child not to learn anything dogmatic, as the Scripture League does, horn the use of the bible in the manner indicated, is to expect more wisdom, if wisdom it can be called, from that child, than has ever been acquired by Protestant controversialists. Do not Protestants know from the bible that Jesus Christ is Cod, that He assumed human nature, died on a cross, and arose the third day after His crucifixion. Are not these dogmatic truths which constitute the basis of Christianity. "W hen therefore they learn these doctrines from the bible and consider them to be the very foundation. of the Christian religion, how can they con sistently say there will be nothing dog matic in connection with the religious instruction contemplated to be introduced to the State schools.' There is another reason why, as the Scripture League tells us, Catholics should be satisfied with bible reading, and it is this, viz., that the children attending State schools, in case the bible be introduced, will not be asked to base their interpretation of Scripture on the doctrines of any denomi nation. They shall have a free hand and an unrestricted judgment. Is the league aware the Catholic Church is opposed to the unrestricted licence of interpreting Scripture, according to the fancy or pre conceived ideas of every reader, as it is to the Protestant doctrines of which private judgment has been productive. To expect Catholics would allow their children use the bible as it is used by non-Catholics is to concede the doctrine of private judgment. To concede the doctrine of private judg ment is virtually to deny the divine authority of the Catholic Church to teach. To deny the divine authority of the Church to teach is equivalent to a denial of the divine foundation or basis on which the doctrines of Catholicism depend. And therefore bible reading, as it is read by non-Catholics, that is to say with an un restricted licence of placing whatever con struction they please on the sacred text is equivalent to a substitution of a human for a divine basis of assent. The assent of the will to the doctrines of Christianity is, from a Catholic stand-point, based on the un erring teaching of the Church, unerring because founded by Christ and authorised to teach in His name, and promised the assistance of the Holy Ghost to preserve her from error. The assent of the will, from a Protestant point of view, is based not, as many of them erroneously pre suppose, in the inspired word of God con tained in the bible, but on the judgment and reasoning powers, and knowledge of biblical interpretation possessed by each reader. The reasoning powers of every individual man, and indeed of every child capable of reading, replace, according to Protestant doctrine, the reasoning of the universal Church assisted by the Holy Ghost in defining what is Christian doctrine and what is not. Little children, of immature minds, who must be carefully instructed in the rudi ments of secular knowledge, and who are at best but imperfectly acquainted with such subjects, are supposed to be religiously instructed by placing the bible in their hands. The reasoning powers of children are surely very inadequate to grasp the meaning of books and passages of Scripture which actually puzzled a St. Jerome and St. Augustine. If on the other hand the Scripture League desire to introduce to the State schools what they call common Christianity, a form of belief unintelligible to us, and unknown as a religious quantity, they ought to agree among themselves in what it consists. But as Catholics have solved the religious problem in connection with education by establishing their own schools, and with a self-sacrifice in some measure proportionate to the issue at stake have manfully supported them, the Scrip ture League, in order to be consistent with themselves, should recognise such schools, and acknowledge the justice of subsidising them. 