By MBS. OLIPHANT, Author of "The Son of hia Father," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," " The Hose in June," "The Greatest Heiress in England," " Whiteladies," "Within the Precincts," "lb was a Lovor and his Lass," " Adam Graeme," &c.;, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter XLYII. Bee had passed the whole day with Charlie, the Friday of the dinner party at Portman square. She had resisted as long as she could writing the letter whioh had brought so much excitement to Betty and the passion with which he had insisted upon this, the struggle between them, the vehemence with which he bad declared that he cared for nothing in the world bub bo see Laura once again, to thank her for having pleaded for him with his father, to ask he forgiveness for his follies—had been bad for Charlie, who lay for the rest of the day upon the sofa, tossing from him one after the other the novels that were provided for his amusement, declaring them to be "rot" or " rubbish,"growling at his sister when she con tinued to speak to him, and reducing poor Bee to that state of wounded imbecility which is the lob of those who endeavor to please an unpleasable invalid, with the conviction that all the time they are doing more harm than good. Bee was not maladroit by nature and she had the warmest desire to be serviceable to her brother, but it appeared that she always did the wrong thing, not only in the eyes of Charlie, but in those of the nurse who came in from time to time withswift movements, bringing subordina tion and quiet where there had been nothing but irritation and resistance. And in this house, where she had been brought entirely for the service of Charlie, Bee did not know what to do. She was afraid to leave the rooms that had been given up to him lest she should meet some one on the stairs or be seen only to be avoided as if her presence there was that of a ghost or an enemy. Poor Bee—wearing out the long hours of the spriag afternoon with poor attempts to be useful to the invalid, to watch his looks (which he resented by frequent adjurations not to watch him as a cat watches a mouse), to anticipate his wishes (whioh im mediately beoame the last thing in the world he wanted as soon as she found out the drink or got the paper for whijh he was looking)— heard, or thought she heard, steps coming to the street door, subdued voices in the hall, comings and goings half stealthily, noises sub dued lest she. should hear. What did it matter whether she heard or not ? Why should the master of the house be banished that she, so ineffectual as she liad proved, should be brought to her brother's side ? She had not done and could not do any good to Charlie; all that she had done had been to remind him of Miss Lance, to bo the medium of calling that dis astrous person, who had done all the harm, back into Charlie's life—nay, of bringing her back to this house the inmates of which she had already harmed to the utmost of her power. That was all that had been done by Bee and now her presence kept at a distance the one individual in the world who had the best right to be here. He came almost secretly (she felb sure) to the door in the dusk to en quire after his patient, o* to get his letters; or stole, in subduing his step, that Bhe might not be disturbed. Poor Bee 1 It was very bitter to her to think that Aubrey Leigh should leave his own house because she was there. Sometimes she wondered whether it was some remnant of old, almost-extinguished feeling in his breast which bad made him think that the sight of Bee would do Charlie good - the sight of Bee for which her brother did not care at all, not at ail; which was an annoyance and fatigue to him, except when she bad betrayed what wa3 the last thing in the world Bhe should have betrayed, the possibility of seeing again that woman who had harmed them all. If Aubrey had thought so, with some remnant of the old romance, how mistaken he had been! and it was intolerable for the girl to think that for the sake of this unsuccessful experiment he had been sent away from his own house. She placed herself in the corner of the room "" which Charlie (to whom she was supposed do good and bring pleasure) could see her least, and bitterness tilled her heart. There were times in which she thought of stealing away, leaving a word for Mrs. Leigh to the effect that she was doing Charlie no good, and that Betty, who would come to-morrow, might perhaps be of more use—and returning forlorn to Kingswarden to renew the life, where perhaps nobody wanted her very much, but where, at least, there were so many things which she and no one else was there to do. She was still in this depressed state when Mrs. Leigh (who had evidently gone away also that the brother and sister might be alone and happy together), came back, looking into Charlie's room bo ask how he was on her way up.-.taira to dress for dinner. " Better," the nurse said with her eyebrows. "Peevish—young lady mustn't oross him— must be humored—things nob gone quite so well to-day." " You will tell me about it ab dinner, said Mrs. Leigh, and Bee went downstairs with r heavy heart to be questioned. Aubrey's mother looked cheerful enough ; she did not seem to be unhappy about his absence or to dislike the society of bhe girl who had driven him away. And she was very considerate even in her questions about the patient. "We must expect these fluctuations," she said, "you must nob be cast down if you are not quite so triumphantly successful to-day." " Oh, Mrs. Leigh, 1 am deceiving you. have never been successful ab all. He did not want me—he doesn't care for me; and to stay here is dreadful, upsetting the house—doing no good." "Mydear, this is a strange statement to make, and you must nob expect me to believe you in the face of facts. He was much better after seeing you last night." " Doing no good," Baid Bee, shaking her head, "bub harm, oh, real harm ! It was not I that did him good, it was telling him of some one, of a lady—oh, Mrs. Leigh, how am I to tell you ?' " My dear child, anything that you yourself know can surely be told to me. We were afraid that something about a woman was ab the bottom of it, but then that is always the thing that is said; and tpyhoid, you know, means bad drain3 and not a troubled mind though the one may make you susceptible to the other. Don't be so distressed, my dear. It seems more to your inexperience than it is in reality. Ha will get over that." "Mrs. Leigh," said Bee, very pale. "He has made me write to ask her to come and see him here." Ib was now Mrs. Leigh s turn to change color. She grew red, looking astonished in the girl's despairing face. "A woman to come and see him here! hut your brother would never insult the bouse and von—I am talking nonsense," she said, sud denly stopping herself, " and misconstruing him altogether. It is some lady who has jilted him—or something of that kind." _ Bee had not understood what Mrs. Leigh s first idea was and she did nob Bee any cause for relief in the second. " I don't know what she did to him or what she has done to them all," the girl said mourn fully ; "they are all the same. Papa, even, who does nob care very much for ladies gene rally ; but Charlie, poor Charlie ! oh, I believe he is in love with her Bbill, though she is twice as old as he is and has almost broken his heart." "My dear," said Sirs. Leigh, " this must be something very different from what we thought. We thought he had got into some dreadful trouble about a an altogether inferior per son. But as it seems to be a lady, and one that is known to bhe family, and who can be asked to come here—If you can tell me a little more olearly what the story is I shall be more able to give you my advice." Bee looked at her questioner helpless, half distracted, not knowing how to speak, and yet the story must be told. She had written that fatal invitation and it could not be concealed who this possible visitor was. She began with a great deal of hesitation to talk of the lady whom Charlie had raved about at Oxford, and how he was to work to please her, and how he did not work, but failed in every way and fled from Oxford, and how her father went to en quire into the story, and how the lady had come to Colonel Kingsward ab the hotel to ex plain to him, to excuse Charlie, to beg his father to forgive him." But, my dear, she can t be so very baa, said Mrs. Leigh soothingly. "You must not judge her hardly ; if she thought she had been to blame in the matter that was really the right being to do." ,T... , "And since then," resumed Bee, I think papa has thought of nobody else; he writes to her and tells her everything. He goes to see her, he forgets about Chailie and all of us, he has taken Betty there and Betty adores her too. And to-night," cried Bee, the angry tears coming into her eyes, "she is dining in Portman-square, dining with the LyonB as a great friend of ours—in Portman- square." Mrs. Leigh drew Bee to her and gave her a kiaa of consolation. I think ib was partly that the girl in her misery should nob see the smile, which Mrs. Leigh, thinking that she now saw bbrough this not uncommon mystery, could not otherwise conceal. " My poor child," she said, "my dear girl! This is hard upon you since you dislike her so much, but I am afraid ib is quite natural and a thing that could not have been guarded against. And then you must consider that your father may probably be a better judge than yourself. I don't see any harm this lady has done except that perhaps ib is not quite good taste to make herself so agreeable both to the father and son; but perhaps in Charlie's ease that was not her fault. _ And I see no reason, my dear—really and sincerely as your friend, Bee—why you should be so prejudiced against a poor woman whose only fault is that everybody else likes her. Now isn't it a little unreasonable when you think of it calmly yourself ?" "Oh, Mrs. Leigh!" Bee cried; the situa tion was intolerable; the passion of injury and misconception so scroDg in her that she could only gasp in insupportable anger and dismay. "Bee, Bee; this feeling is natural, but you must not let it carry you away. Have you seen her ? Let me come in when she is here and give my opinion." "I have seen her three times," said Bee solemnly, " once at the baths, and once in the Academy, and once at Oxford and then once more excitement mastered the girl. "Oh, when you know who she is. Don't smile, don't smile, bub listen. She is Miss Lance." " Miss LanceMrs. Leigh repeated the name with surprise, looking into Bee's face. JL OU UJUoU UUUipUso yUUlSolX) bug Baia, you must compose yourself. Miss ? My dear, you have got over excited, you have mixed things up." " No, I am nob over excited. I am telling vou only the truth. It is Miss Lance ; and they all believe in her as if she were an angel, and she is coming here," Mrs. Leigh was very muoh startled, but yet she would nob believe her ears. She had heard Charlie delirious in his fever nob so long ago. Her mind gave a little leap to the alarming bhoughb that there might be madness in the family and that Bee had been seized like her brother. That what she said was actual fact seemed bo her too impossible to be true. She soothed the excited girl with all her power. "Whoever it is, my dear, you shall not take any harm. There is nothing to be frightened about. I will take care of you whoever it is." " I do nob think you believe me," said Bee. "I am not out of my mind, as you think. Ib is Miss Lance—MiBS Laura Lance—the same, the very same, that—And I have written and she will be coming here." "This iB very strange," said Mrs. Leigh. "It does not seem possible to believe ib. The same—who came between Aubrey and you? Oh, I never meant to name him, I was never to name him; bub how can I help it ? Laura, who was the trouble of his house—who would not leave him—who went to your father ? And now your father—! I cannot understand it. I cannot believe that it is true." J "Ib is true," said Bee, "but Mrs. Leigh, you forget that no one cared then except my self ; they have forgotten all that now, they have forgotten what happened. It was only my business, it was not their business. All that has gone from papa. He remembers nothing about it. And Bhe is a witch, she is a magician, she has a devil—oh, please forgive | me, forgive me—I don't know what I am say ing. It has all been growing, one thing after another—first me—and then Charlie — and then papa—.and then Betty. And now, after bringing him almost to death and destruction, here is Charlie, in this house, calling for her, raging with me till I wrote to call her. Me !" cried Bee with a sort of indignant eloquence. " Me ! Could it go further than that? Could nothing be more than that ? Me ! and in this house." "My dear child," said Mrs. Leigh, "J don't wonder, I don't wonder—it is like some thing in a tragedy. Oh, Bee! forgive me for what is first in my thoughts. Was she the reason, the only reason for your breach with my poor Aubrey ? for at first ycu stood by him —and then you turned upon him." "Do not ask me any more questions, please. I am not able to answer anything. Isn't it enough that all these things have happened through this woman and that she is coming here ?" Mrs. Leigh made no further question. She saw that the girl's excitement was almost be yond her control and that her young mind was strained to its utmost. She said, half to her self, " I musb think. I cannot tell in a moment what to do. I must send for Aubrey. It is his duty and mine to let it go no further. You must try to compose yourself, my dear, and trust us. Oh, Bee," there were tears in her eyes as she came up to the girl and kissed her, "if you could but have trusted us—in all things. I don't think you ever would have repented." But Bee did not make any response. Her hands were cold and her head hot. She was wrapt in a strange passion and confusion of human chaos and bewilderment—everything gone wrong—all the elements of life twisted the perverse way; nothing open, nothing clear. She was incapable of any simple unmingled feeling in that confusion and medley of every thing going wrong. Mrs. Leigh, a little disappointed, went into the inner room, the little library, to writs a letter—no doubt to consult or summon her son —from which ehe was interrupted a few minutes later by a faint call and Bee's white face in the doorway. " Mrs. Leigh, papa will come to-morrow, and he will take us away—at least he will take me away. I—I shan't be any longer in any one's way. Oh, don't keep him apart from you—don't send anyone out of the house be cause of me." 