“ENGLAND AND ENGLISHMEN.” [By J. C.] To be an .Englishman, or, ior mac matter, to live under the shadow of the British throne, is no mean privi lege. It has been said, and is still believed, that Englishmen, as a class, are boastful, proud and arrogant, and passed by Cousin Jonathan, wno measures everything by his own huge continent, and who once said “ he was surprised that the English Govern ment did not put a fence around England to keep the people from falling over the side.” Perhaps these charges are correct; but, considering the national groatness, prosperity and privileges which they enjoy, one could hardly oxpoct them to be otherwise. Still another charge has been hurled at them, and tliis time, that they are too scrupulous as regards forms and ceremonies, and too reserved in their bearing towards entire strangers. Two stories are told which seem to hoar out tho charge. A poor man was drowning in full clew of several spectators, and amongst them an Englishman who was appealed to on bolinlf of the poor fellow—“ Excuse me,” he replied, “ we have not been introduced.” The second story is to the effect that ten men, previously unknown to each other, would on tho arrival of the train make for separate compartments. Form and ceremony can, like everything else, be carried too far, and this English people do. Perhaps, though, in this country we do not go far enough. St id, of the two ovils.the latter is tho les-or, and it is good policy to always choose the smaller. But life in the city and life in the country parts of England are two different things altogether, and the people are just as different as their environments. The ruralite, as a rule, is shy in the extreme—due no doubt to his 'imited knowledge of the world. So shy is ho, that tho story of the man who had courted his young lady for seven years but never once had courage to ask for a kiss, exactly describes him. The story goes, that one night (a dark one, I presume) he ..:G lfn. .Jftaw 1 if you like.” (Collapse.) On recover ing, he placed his hands together and fiously prayed, '*' Oh! Lora, for what am about to receive, do thou make me truly thankful. Amen.” Some young ladies—and I suppose the old Bpiusters are just the same—have said, “ Oh, he was not much of a man, or he would not have asked.” (Shy young men, take the inference!) I have said that the ruralite’s know ledge of the outside world is limited. The cause of .this is not hard to find, for not oidy is the educational system of England different to the colonial, but it is more expensive, and for a long time was beyond the means of many people; then he never or very rarely travels, notwithstanding the fact that England is a network of railways. The reasons for the latter are: He often has not the where withal, and, what is extremely strange, very often no desire to do so. The world to him is bounded by the hills which surround his native dale— everything beyond that is unimportant. All are not like this; but, of the majority ef those who reside in the hills and dales of the North, it is quite true. Not only is he shy, but often superstitious. He believes strongly in ghosts and bogles, and will tell you that he lias seen them, or, if he has not, others have, and that is sufficient for him. Perhaps thero is no couutry on the face of the earth that can boast of more uncanny things than Great Britain. Nearly every district has a haunted house and a bogle-infested corner; and so great is the fear of some people when out at night, they would not travel alone on any account. Some of the ghost yarns are very ancient, and have been handed down from one generation to another. During the winter months several families gather to a neighbor’s house, and on such occasions the old stories are told, always in an exaggerated form, and I can well remember how my hair used to stand on end when some exciting adventure with a ghost was' related. I was, like everybody else, prepared for anything that might appear before me in the dark afterwards. A story is told of a man who pulled up at u wayside inn one night and usbed for a night’s lodging. The landlady told him that, on account ot a largo party that was being held in the i house, she could not accommodate him. He begged very much for any kind of a shelter, he was so tired. She at last said there was one room he could have, if not afraid of ghosts. Sway8'maJM"«ii*,M^pearanCff-in_'fne room, about midnight, armed with a razor and always asked the occupant whether he wanted shaving or not. The traveller said he was not afraid, and after refreshment he retired to rest. During the night lie was aroused by the dancing which was going on below ; so, quietly, slipping out of bed, he enveloped himself in the bed-sheet and walked down stairs and into the room where the dancers and card-players were. So great was their fright that they all fled, for they all anew about the ffliost. He scooped the carders’ pool and retired. Next morning the land lady wanted to know how ho had slept, and his reply was “ Fairly well; the ghost appeared but it will not trouble you again.” The ghost turned out to be the scraping of an apple-tree bough against the wall and thus the weird sound was. produced, “Shave, sir? Shave, sir?” This yarn has been told over and over again, and is thoroughly believed iu. Another story which illustrates the character of the people is to the effect that a number of people once gathered at an open-air meeting of a religious character. During the meeting it began to pour down, and a hasty retreat was made to a bam close by to finish the service. The preachers stood on an elevated platform, and amongst them was one who chose as the theme of his discour-e, “Lord, show us thy face.” lake some aeruiuuw ^irui-uou , *•— - w:is the best- part of the discourse, and its the preacher was not havie;r what men in that line call “ a good time,” he frequently repeated tho text. Lying on a stack of hay which was built in the^harn was a nigger who felt that the constant repetition of the man’s text was monotonous, unit ho tVimight that he would show longer. After a bit, the man drawled out, quite in the orthodox way, “ Lord, show us thy face,” and imme diately the nigger showed his face and said “ Here I am.” The audienco was so taken back that all made for the door. But one lame old woman thought Bhe had better make a truce with what she thought was “ His Satanic Majesty.’’ so she looked up and implored, “ Good devil, don’t take ine, for I am not a regular atteuder (T» be continued.') 