THE BITTER LOT OF THE POOR. to the uriTTrm. Sir—No man with a spark of humane feeling can ait down calmly at ease with himself and all the world if ho knows that near by, maybe next door to him. there ia deeD miaerv and want being endured more or leas silently. Just at present we are face to face %ith a crisis which must sooner or later affect us all. That its feffeota are now being bitterly felt by a great many needs no other demonstration than the repprts of the various committees which are trying their best to give relief. I very earnestly trust that every effort in thia direc tion will be furthered by those who may be in a position to help, for without a doubt it will all bo wanted, and more besides, before tne winter is over. My particular object in writing at present, however, ia not so much to press this aspect of the matter upon your readers as to try and arouse something more than a sentimental feeling in regard to the present state of our city- Ab you are aware the Central Board of Health made ita annual inspection of the city last week. The details of the decisions arrived ab in regard to various properties visited were duly ohronicled by you, and some admirable and pointed remarks wero added in your leading article on Friday last aa well aa in the report by your representative who accompanied us, but beyond all that haa appeared in print I want to plaoa on record for myself— and I believe for every member of that Board — the anger and shame and contempt I felt that such an abominable state of affairs aa our visib disclosed could possibly exist in Adelaide. Our city ia oalled the City of Churches, Fair Adelaide, the loveliest city in Australia. And so it ia. One haa only to leave it for awhile and then to return to ib before ho can woll appreciate how beautiful ib is; but with all ita goodness, with all ita beauty, there are plague spits in it, the thought of which haunts me like a nightmare. The miserable hovels, inhabited by miserable men and women, time and again mado me wish that I could get tho owners of these places and compel them to live in them for six months, as a punishment for the sin of renting them out to fellow human beinga. It may be asked, why do people live in these places? I anawer, for the very good reason fhat there are no other houses of the size wanted to be had. Some of these placeB — I cannot call them houaea— were unfit fora dog to live in, let alone men, women, and children. In one of these hovels, where the whitewash had scaled from the walls, we found that the place waa built with turf. In plenty of them the floor, of bricks or concrete, was from six to twelve inches lower than tho ground outside and sloppy with mud and slime, the ceilings you could touch with your hand. But when all that is said, it waa'nt ao much the stat6 of the hovels that moved ua as the condition of those that inhabited them. About the saddest thing in all the world, I think, is to meet a man or woman who has become bo hopeless aa to accept such surroundings aa a thing of courae. It needed no extraordinary faculty of observation to trace the gradual extinction of hope and decency of feeling wherever we went, the attempts to keep clean and tidy, at - house decorations and neatness, and the abandonment of any t-uch endeavour as hopeless. How can it be possible for the common deoenoies of life even to be observed in auoh surroundings ? For men and women it is degrading, but for the children— poor little things ; they are getting a handicap placed on them which will tell wofully on their future age, and on ours too, for auoh a training has a very awful and unmistak able conclusion. The Board of Health has condemned eome of these places as unfit for human habitation, and having done that it haa done its beat) ; but ib seema to me much more is wanted. The poor creatures turned out will find shelter no doubt, but in surroundings no better probably than those they have left. Ia there no philanthropist among us willing to spend hia wealth in helping to let the poorest of the poor live more natural, more hopeful livea? Among ' the owners of these places there are men of wealth who might seek to atone for their ain in this direction. Of them the raoBt charitable thing I can say ab present ia that perhapa they don't knoff the state of the houses which they own, but if they do may the ghosts of murdered hope and outraged decency haunt them till they seek to undo the wrong they have done. I may be accused of writing bitterly and with undue warmth. I can only say that it is not possible to confine oneself to the refinemema of ordinary language when on auch a theme, and I want, too— by any possible means— to arouse the moral sense of the community in regard to this matter, foi it is one that no man nor set of men can put right, it belongs U- us all. I am. Sir, ko., T. H. SMEATON. June 20. 