GRAUIS VERNON'S VISIONS. , The incidents forming the network of the ollowing singular story occurred under mj own observations, so I shall usotho first per- sen its relating them. Grace Vernon was a dreamer. Perhaps I am too matter-of-fact to appreciate a nature like his, but as much as I esteemed mm it was often a bore to have him oome into my office and ait for an hour at a time in a semi- eleeping state to suddenly apring to his foot exclaiming : " By Jove I I almost caught it > "Caught what!" I would ask, if I noticed his exclamation enough to speak, for it got bo common at last that I was apt to ignore him. " Why, the fairest scene a man ever gazed jjpon, it seemed a tropical garden teeming" L" Bosh, Grace "—lie had been given his other's maiden name— "you have been dreaming as usual." ! " I tell you, Wald, it wai 110 dream. One of the fairest spots on earth st-emed to float before my eyes, only there was a sort of atmospherio haze partially obscuring my vision. But I see clearer each time. 1 believe the time will come when I can ait at home and gaze on scenes far away." \- At another time he would eee some per- ton, and one day I remember of hearing him exclaim as lie recovered from a trance-like spell: ; " By Jove, isn't she beautiful? Ah I that .woman shall be my wife if 1 have to search jhe world over to find her." I " What nonsense lias come over your brain pow, Grace? " I asked, for he was more than teommonly excited. t " The loveliest woman I ever saw, Wald. Let me describe her. She was tall and fair, (with a form of willowy suppleness and a pensive, languid look that 1 shall hover for get. I met my fate." . " Yes, but where will you look for her?" " I will find her ; I must ! It was a country scene in which she stood, though to I be honest I did not notice her surroundings very much, I was so entranced with her. One thing 1 did notice. There was a house stand ing on the shore of a sheet of water, dotted here and there with sail boats. It was a summer resort en ons of our lakes, I am sure." I saw less of Grace for the next three months than heretofore, and casually I learned he was out of town the most of the time. Some time in September he rushed into my office, exclaiming in bin impetuous way— " Congratulate me, old fellow. My pro phecy liaa come true and I am the happiest mortal in the seven StatoB." At first I could not imagine what he meant, but when he became calmer I learned that he had found the abject of his dreams ; that she had proved all he had pictured, and that his wild love for her was reciprocated. " Perhaps you will' laugh at me again," he cried. "My vision came true in every respect, as I expected 'it would. She was stopping at a resort on Lake George, but her bouse is in'Oldham, Mass. I want you toeeeher. "The best of it is she believes that I saw her en that afternoon, and she says she felt that some invisible person was looking at her She has even had visions herself, though not so far advanced as mine. _ I tell you, with such a sympathetic associate as she, who can tell what may not come to pass ?" He was in no condition to receive advice 'from me then, and all that winter ho seemed crazed with his lave. He was never happy .unless balking of his Dura, and he claimed ' that if he wanted to see her at any time all !he had to do was to go into one of his trances. I I tried to reason witli him, and to show Iwhat the result must be if he continued to (give way to this mental excitement. I In the spring, at his urgent request, I 'accompanied him on a visit to the house of ilils/anase. It was a pretty place, and I judged that her folks were in comfortable circumstanoes. Dura Howard, as I had anticipated, was of that same dreamy, melancholy cast of mind as Grace Vernon. I woe sorry to find this so, as I could see only evil to come from suoh a union. She had u brother, older than she, who was her opposite, being of a lively, exoitable nature. My stay at Oldham was made very pleasant, and I went away very favourably impressed with the Howards and with my friend's choice for a wife. The courao oi true love seemed co run very smoothly, and there was nothing worthy of my record until the last of May, when Dura Howard's brother rushed into my office and asked me where Grace Vernon was stopping. I tola him ; then I aslcod for the folks. " Is it possible that you are not aware that Dura has left home, and none of us know where she has gone ? " I assured him that such was the case, and furthermore I could not see how he should think I was. ; " But she went off with that friend of yours. Let me find him and he'll give a satisfactory explanation, or he'll know the reason why." ; He was fearfully excited, and I tried to pacify him with poor success, j It seemed that a little after sunset the day before he and his father and mother had seen Dura leave tho house to meet her lover at the gate. Though he had not been expected by them, nothing strange was thought of the visit, and no uneasiness was felt over her absence, until the evening began to grow late and she did not return. . ! In the midst of our conversation Grace entered, and, though surprised at Mr. Howard's unexpected prosecco, ho greeted him cordially. , " Where's Dura?" he cried fiercely. " At home well, and— my God, Tom ! has anything happened to her #' ; "You should know of all others, and unless you explain this outrageous affair satisfactorily I'll take the matter into my j Through my interference violent action was averted, and when I' explained the Situation Grace was as surprised as I had boon "Why, I haven't been out of town for a week and I can prove it by your friend I could assert that he certainly could not have been In Oldham at the time of Dura's disappearance, as he was in my office at thA " What has been Dura's fate, then 1" gasped Tom Howufd, : This was a startling question towards tho solution of which we conld offer no sugges tion:' - I Grace was fairly wild with grief. He would not believe she had gone off volun tarily. If not she mut have been I learned from her brother that she had no former lover, and- was not known to have an enemy. It. was a. singular case of dis- omeone hud met her at tho gate so nearly like Grace Vernon, that three witnesses had been deceived, though they bad seen the man's face as' plainly. as tbe gathering/ usk . would p6rmit« . K . A rapid aqd rigid search followed, b'-rf at the end of the week we were as much in the 'dark. regarding Dura Howard's fato as ever. '' . In that .time Grace Vernon had grown haggard and wild-eyed. 1 could see that he Would hot long withstand tho suspense. I . .tried to reason with him in vain. ..Another week' passed and still no tidings from the . missing one. Her parents were nearly heartbroken and wers beginning to The first morning of the third week Grace came rushing into my office crying — "I have seen her II have seen her!" . ' ' As soon aa I could get him calm enough to . (talk underatandingly S learned that he had \- - jtah berin a vision the night before. . , 1 " I raw her as plainly as I see you now," ifr JBa laid Vfifin nan irtroliiTT i n of a large two-storey house situated in cht country. I saw every fact of the scene : cieariy, and noted each particular. " Whatever may be the. reason of her < being there, I am sure she is well used, and you can't imagine the burden that discovery has lifted from my mind. i " But I shall not rest until I find the | place." | He desoribed It then' very minutely, and went away feeling much better than I had seen him for a long time. I will confess that after what I had seen ond heard I was i at a loss to come to a ny rational conclusion, i Six weeks more followed, during which I did not see Grace, though I hoard from him , occasionally and knew that he was pur suing his wild-goose chase with unremitting : fidelity. About that time I was called into the country, and while stopping at the village hotel in D , among other things tying on the table I saw a faded photograph of an old farmhouse. You may imagine with what eagerness I examined it when I tell you that it gave a faithful representation of the place described by Grace Vernon in his dream. Satisfying myself that it was correct in the smallest detail, I summoned the landlord with an exoitemenk I could not suppress. Did he know the place 3 Certainly ; it was his old homestead, but his mother-in- law was living there then. In answer to my inquiries he said that a strange woman had been stopping there for two months or more, and from his descrip tion I judged her to be Dura Howard. Before sending to Grace, however, I resolved to be certain, ao I visited the place the next day. Sure enough, the missing girl was there, though to my surprise she did not know me, nor did she have any recolteotion of the past beyond the time she had been there. Mrs. Brooke, the lady with whom she was stopping, said she had come there asking for work, and, as she seemed honest, she had hired her without asking any questions. I sent for Grace, ana at sight of bim she burst into tears, declaring that he held her mind in bondage. Her excitement increased, and by the time we had got her home she was in a raging fever. For a long time Dura's life was despaired of, but when she began to recover her mind was clear enough, except as far as her dis appearance was concerned. I was glad to notice a decided change in her manner, and from her former 'quiet, melancholy way sbe grew into a cheerful, vivacious maid. . Poor Grace was nearly heartbroken at first when be found that she had formed an attachment for Mrs. Brooks's son, but he bore the disappointment .far better than I had expected. I am aure it w>s the salvation of them buth. He has since wooed and won a more suitable companion, and has entirely for saken his ofd visionary ways. Perhaps someone who has analysed more carefully the great principle oflifeoan explain the mystery of Grace Vernon's visions or whatever term yon may apply to tbsm. Can you, my reader? A DOUBLE CRIME. 7THE wholesale produce and commission w store of Mr. Purvis, on Delatvare- avenue, near Vine-street, was robbed on the night of October 17, 1885. The safe had boon opened apparently by false keys, and upwards of 9,000 dollars in greenbacks were abstracted. A package of bonds, to the amount of 3,000 dollars mora, remained untouched. Two clerks, both young men, usually slept in the store. August Yerkes had been in the employ of Mr. Harrison Purvis for about four years, and enjoyed the confidence of bis employer. Pembroke Sharon, the other clerk, had only recently been taken, but the manner tn whioh ho took hold of the business impressed Mr. Purvis so much in his favour that he predicted a successful future for the young man, as a very able salesman and ultimate prominent merchant. Under this impression he placed implioit trust in Sharon, and selected him as a com panion for Yerkes in the store at night Both of these young men were in the store the night that the robbery occurred; but when the place woe opened in the morning, Sharon was missing and Yerkes lay on the Sew r,zzv the ssft Tv-ith z ssrictis c th z aide off Jits head, which had been bleeding profusely, judging by bb musk ef blood od the floor. Tho unfortunate young man had evidently endeavoured to stancb the blood, for his hands wore stained as well ashis clothes. By the disorder in the office and the numerous blood stains both on the floors and walls, it was evident that a desperate atruggle must have taken place. It was conjectured from this that Sharon, having provided hirasolf with false keys, had opened tho safe, and been surprised by his fellow olerk in the midst of his work, who in turn dealt him the blow near the temple, and then, after a severe struggle between them, Yerkes fainted from loss oi blood, and the robber fled with hie booty. Varuoe, a detective, and a physician were at ones sent for, and while Dr. Ed eon attended to his patient, tha detective examined the premises with his usual care fulness, particularly the second floor, and returning to the lower floor found that Yerkes had recovered, and sat in an arm chair with a bandage around hia head. ' " Well, Mr. Varnoe, what have yon dis covered 1" said Mr. Purvis. " I find that the robber has been to the second floor," replied the detective, " possibly he has taken some valuables from there as well." The merchant hastened up-stairs, but S recently returned, saying that nothing had eon disturbed or removed as far as he could see. " Whatever his objeot may have been, I am positive that he visited the second floor after the bloody straggle had taken place." Then Yerkes gave the following account: He awoke suddenly and found that Sharon had left tbe bed, and fearing that some mis hap had overtaken him, he lit a paraffin candle by the small gas-jet in the room and began to search for him. Not finding bim on the second floor he returned to the first floor, and discovered him before the open safe. They saw each other at the same moment, and Sharon was spellbound at being discovered in iiis crimi nal act. Then began the struggle, the evidence of which was so plainly apparent. Sharon being the stronger of the two; aoon ovorpowored his opponent, and threw him so violently on the floor that he became insensible. Varnoe listened with rapt attention to the end, then made a few notes in his book, after which he walked out of the store with his eyes bant on the floor before him, until he reached the street; then, after casting his eyes searchingly around on the ground, he walked over to the dock and gazed into the water in a thoughtful manner. When he returned to the store and rejoined the others in the offioe, it was witb a grave countenance. . " Mr. Purvis, the robber has evidently escaped by way of the river, as the blood tracks reach to the dock.". . All eyes were now direeted towards the wounded man, who had suddenly grown pale. He opened hie mouth as if to say somothing, but fell baok witb a groan and fainted away. While the doctor was applying restora tives to his charge, the detective drew Mr. Purvis away to the rear of the store, and remcixed there for half an hour in conversa tion with him, and judging by his frequent exclamations lie must have been astonished by what the deteotive told him. Re-entering tho office, frboy found Yerkes still unconscious, and at the suggestion of aw— MM— ——W— MM " Mow, Mr. PurviB," said Varnoe, " will j /ou point out to me the clothes usually I worn by Mr. Sharon while on duty at the I store ?" I . " Certainly, sir," replied the gentloman. I "that is easily done," and he went to the I closet where the clerks kept their outei I garments. He examined the clothing with »axpa of surprise. "What is it?" said Varnoe, when Mr. Purvis laid the garments'on the bed. " Aa I live, Sharon has not only left his coat and vest behind, but his pants aa well," said Mr. Purvis, in bewilderment. "That is singular said the detective, xchanging glances with the physician. " It is rather puzzling, in feck, when you boar in mind that Mr. Yerkes, when found, was fully dressed, while the thief left his pants behind," pointing to a pair beneath the bed. " You will pleaeo see whether Mr. Sharon loft anything valuable in his pockets." Every pocket was examined. There was found a valuable watch and chain, a trifle over five dollars in a wallet, a penkuife, pencil, memorandum, etc., etc. " Retain those articles, Mr. Purvis, and hang the garments up," said the deteotive. "I nave another surprise here." Varnoe removed the bedclothes, leaving the mattrese bare. A number of bloody finger marks stained it along a seam ten inches in length. " I see what you are driving at," cried Purvis, as he scanned the seam. " You mean that the thief has hidden his plunder in the mattress." "I think so, at all events," was the reply, as he ripped the seam with his knife. Inserting hia hand, he drew forth the package of greenbacks. They wore intact, Mr. Purvis said, after examining the seals. " I don't know what to think," said the gentleman, hopelessly. " I declare my head aches trying to divine the motivo for this most extraordinary crime." " Think as I do." " What is that 3" " " Why, that Sharon, instead of being the thief, is the thiefs victim, which accounts for his leaving hia outer garments behind. He evidently surprised the raBcal, and in a tussle with him he murdered Sharon, dragged him across the street aud threw him into the river." " Thon you really oxpeot Yerkes is the thief!" asked the merchant, greatly agitated. "I am sure ho is not only the thief, but a probably murderer also." " Oh, the wretch !" cried the merchant, passionately, " and in my heart I admired nis bravery, while I pitied him for what he had endured in endeavouring to proteot my property. I am perfectly convinced that you have hit on the right man," con tinned Mr. Purvis. " If be knew of this he might give us the slip The next thing to be dono is to use every means in our power to recover the body of poor Sharon." ' " Poor, indeed, since all the clothes he has on his back are not his own," spoke a voice from behind them. All looked at the speaker, who wore an old seaman's suit, and looked as though he had just recovered from a severs fit of sick ness. Something in tbe tone of his voice struck a chord in the breast of the merchant. Ho approached the man and asked eagerly : — " Who are you 3" " My name is Pembroke Sharon." In a moment he was surrounded by the trio, who congratulated him on his escape from death. He requested permission to assume his proper dress, after which he would tell exactly what had occurred during the past night. His story was very similar to the one told by Yerkes, with this difference— the posi tions were changed. It was Sharon who surprised the other in front of tha open safe in the act of stowing in his pockets tbe greenbacks alluded to. It was Sharon who denounced the act, and Yerkes, both angry and frightened to be thus detected, picked up a paper weight and hurled it at his fellow clerk, striking Sharon en the head, inflicting a ghastly wound, from whioh hi fainted, and knew no more until he awoke on board a vessel near the navy yard. He wan told that they picked him up in the river. The captain and hie two men had been te the theatre, and were returning in a boat to the vessel, when a white object floating on the water attracted their attention, and they made for it and drew the apparently dead man into the boat and took him on board the vessel, where his wants wore at once attended to. When Yerkes' version was related to him he laughed.derisively, and was on the point sf making z remark when familiar fsststeps wore hoard ascending the stair. " By Heaven, I believe it is August Yerkes I " whispered Sharon, as he hastily entered the closet and closed the door. He was none too soon, for the next moment Yerkes walked briskly up to where the three men stood. Something in their faces told him something was amiss— some thing to his disadvantage, too. "You are probably surprised to see ma here again," remarked he, for want of some thing else to say. " We are indeed ! " replied Mr. Purvis, regarding him with an ominous look. " You all appear to be anything but pleased to see me, "next remarked tha robber and would-be assassin. " On the contrary, we are very glad to eee yon," spoke the detective, witb an ambigu ous smile. Glanoing at the deteotive with a sceptical air, Yerkes walked te the closet and opened the door, and the next moment ha uttered a fearful shriek and started back with his hair standing en end, and his face the colour of ashes. He had seen (as his guilty conscience told him) the ghost of bis viotiro, for Sharon remained in the oloset, perfectly immovable, his eyes fixed on the guilty wrotoh. The horrid vision was too muoh for his brain to endure. Yerkes became a raging maniac from that moment, and became so violent that the deteotive was obliged to manacle him hand and foot and again take him to the hospital, from whence he was shortly afterward conveyed to tbe insane department of the almshouse. Pembroke Sharon was generously recom pensed by his employerfor his heroic attempt to prevent the robbery, and promoted to a responsible position in the store, whioh ha filled with oredit both te himself and hit grateful employer. Yerkes lived about a year after his confine ment, and died a raving maniac ; a terrible retribution for hisattempt to fasten the crime on an innocent person. A FAITHFUL MESSENGER, In the month of February of a very severe winter, as Mr. Bolstead's son, of Great Salkeld, in Cumberland, was looking after his father's sheep on Great Salkeld Common, not far from Penrith, he had the misfortune to fall and break his leg. He was than three miles from home, with no parson within call, and evening very fast approaching. Under the impulse arising from the desperate cir cumstances of his situation, he folded up one of his gloves in his handkerchief, tied this about tne neck of his dog, and ordered him home. Dogs which are trained to an attendance on flocks are known to be under admirable subjection to their masters, and execute their orders with an intelligence scarcely to be conceived. The animal set off, and on arriving at the house scratched at the door for admittance. The parents were alarmed at his appearance, and concluding, upon taking off and unfolding the 'handkerchief, that some aocidont had befallen their son, they instantly sot off in search of him. The dog needed no solicitation. Apparently sen' eible that the ciiiof part of his duty was still to be porformed, lie led the way, and con ducted the anxious par ntn direotly to the spot where their ion had fullen. The young man was taken home, aud, tiie necessary uld being procurod, lie was soon in a fair way to recovery. Nor was ho ever afterwards more pleasantly employed than when reciting this anecdote, so illustrative of the sagaojty i.aiuLiiiieUkv oi ius cwwlaaj) camnamun. 