A HAUUTED HOUSE. . A STRANGE STORY. Experiences of a Minister's Family To look at No. 27 St. George's-road, ICil- burn, one would not suspect it of being haunted. It is a solid, . substantial, com fortable-looking house, standing in about the middle of a rather imposing terrace, with a small garden, containing a few bushes, in the front, and a larger grass plot at tho back. It is not by any means a now house, but it has so few markB of age about it that a self- respecting ghost would hardly have been expected to regard it as an eligible residence. Yet there are throo people dwelling in tho house who assert confidently that they have each on separate occasions been tho eye-witnesses of a remarkable apparition in tho house. Tho Rev. G. S. Tyler, the minister at present uttuchcd to tho Quex-road Wealeyan Methodist Chapel, and his family, who are the eye-witnesses of the ghost, have told a Palp Mall Budget roporter about it. The house has. for many years now, been the dwelling-placo of the various ministers who have succeeded each other every three years at tho Quex- road Chapel. Mr. Tyler and his family have lived there now for 18 months. " I have never seen the apparition myself," said Mr. Tyler, "and have always been a confirmed unbeliever in Bpirit mani festation, and so on. But the fact remains, explain it how you will, that my wife and my daughters, Ada and Julie, aged respec tively 20 and 19 years, have distinctly seo a mysterious something, which, in the ab sence of any better way of describing it, we have called an apparition. They agree closely in their severol descriptions of the figure. a oiiost in clerical clothes. It is that of a person attired as a' Wesleyan minister might be, in black clothes of a clerical cut. It is a figuro of average stature, with a loug grey beard and koen peculiar eyes. It was my younger daughter who first met with the apparition. She will tell you iu her own way." Miss Julie Tyler thou took up the story. " I was standiug at the oorner of tho stairs," she said, " and I saw what I took to be pa. I had gone to call him to tea, and when I called him I10 neither answered nor moved. I thought he waB playing with me, and Riving mo the trouble to go up to him, and I ran up to push him. I pushed right through the figure and fell against the wall. I was dreadfully frightened, but when I told the others thoy laughed at me. But then Ada later on saw tho same figure, aud then mother herself. It was before Christmas that I saw it. No, I had not been reading auy ghost stories at all then. But I have since. So havo we all." Miss Ada then related her first experience of the uncanny visitor. She was alone in the house with a child one Sunday evening and saw the figure in the doorway. She thought a man had broken into the houso at first, until sho observed fhe clerical cut of the figure's garb, and then recalled her sister's experience. Mrs, Tyler's statement was that while passing by the small room at the end of the passage ono ovening she saw Mr. Tyler standing in there, as she thought. She run upBtairs to the study and there found tho actual Mr. Tyler iu the flesh. Ic is ia this room at tho end of tho passage, indeed, where the ap parition has been most frequently seen, and the ladies of the household do not care to venture near it alone. It is a small room looking out on to the back garden, but with wooden shutters, which are fastened over the glass in the evening. " It was iu that room," said Miss Julio, "that I met the figure face to face. I shall never forget his oyes— -greyish blue in color, and they seemed to look right through me quite hungrily." recommended to the piiy3hi0al society. It was a strange experience for the Pall /Mall reporter to sit listening to those ghost stories 111 broad daylight, for the minister and his wife are responsible, unemotional, clear- headed folk, and the two daughters aro bright, intelligent, English girls, with an absence of any indications of hysterical dispositions. The minister, while expressing utter inability to account for the declarations of his family, would not commit himself to auy belief iu tho supernatural, but betrayed an interest in tho whole subject which did not dovetail into his strained attempts to laugh the matter over. In reply to further questions, he said that ono of the Wesleyan ministers who had preceded him had died in this house ; and that when he told his frionds of his fartiiiy 's experiences, ho discovered for the first lime that Mrs. Gibsou, tho wife of his immediate predecessor in tho house, had also met with some uncanny experiences. Asked whether he had taken certaip floors up in iiis hunt for some explanation of tho mystery— for so ran the gossip of the neigh borhood—the rev. gantleman said that in the top bedroom there had long been a re current and intermittent smoll of nn uttorly indescribable character. The room was quite away from drains or anything which ho could imagine as tho cause for the effluvium, and the iioor had been taken up in the search for the origin of the nuisance. Perhaps in the same manner that Mr. Stead's "Julia" writes hiR "copy," this mysterious clerical spirit comes to assist Mr. Tyler in the preparation of his ser mons. 