"BETHANY." ORDINATION OP CHURCH OF ENGLAND DEACONESSES. For the first time m tho history of St. Andrew's Anglican Cathedral a service for the ordinution of deaconesses was held in that building yesterday morning, at which two lauies, probationers 01 ueuiuiiy, wore admitted in the presence of a devout congregation. Tho officiating clergy were the Primate, tho Dean of Sydney, the Pre centor, Revs. R. J. Read and M. Archdall. Tho opening portion of the ceremony con sisted of the reading of a portion of tho Scripture and a selection from the ordinary Prayer-book service, at tho termination of which the Bishop delivered ail address on Philippians iv. 3 — 44 And 1 entreat thcc also, true yokefellow, help thoso women which labored with me in the Gospel." In the early history of the Christian churches there was a unity of men and women in tho work, each sex undertaking that portion for which they were best adapted. The share of the ministration for which the women were specially fitted was that which had to do witli the visitation of the sick, the educa tion of the young, and the gentle work of sympathy and Kindness. The harder and heavier work of active administration of the church naturally fell to the stronger sex, but that was not to say that the work of the women was not of equal value and importance to the service of God. Indeed there was a distinct significance in the part allotted to thein, and that significance was still further exemplified in the service they were met together to celebrate that day. The work that the candidates had decided to devote themselves to wa3 of great value and benefit, alike to the Church and to all classes of humanity. The candidates were then presented to the Bishop by the chapluin, and were catechised as to their willingness to accept the doc trines of the Anglican Church and the authority of the Bishop and his clergy and their readiness to undertake the duties of tho office of deaconess which were sum marised in tho questions. The candidates having accepted the various obligations, the prayers of the congregation were invited on their behalf, special prayers were offered by the Bishop, at tho conclusion of which and after the singing of a hymn tho candidates were authorised. This ceremony was per formed by the Bishop placing his hand upon the head of each as she knelt before him, sayiug 44 Take thou authority to execute the otbee of a deaconess in the church of God now committed to thee, in tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost." A copy of the New Testament was pre sented to each candidate with the following injunction :—44 Take thou heed that thou teach nothing contrary to tho doctrine of Christ contained in this book, and in en deavoring to be 4 a succourer of many ' seek for succour always from Christ Himself." Special prayers, similar to those in the Prayer-book service for the ordination of deacons, were delivered, and at the termina tion of the ceremony the Sacrament was ad ministered. 