€ x u m b 0 . Sad. Hot. Bijou. Worry. Pitiful. Expose. Cloudy. Sentiment. Indelicate. Unjudged. Unnatural. Old ghosts. Challenges. Promenade. Unsavoury. Revelations. Flower Show. Butter brands. Valueleis vote. Commiseration. Blackmail or what ? More rods in piokle. Pitiful and pathetic. Sai seoret disclosed. Cheap divorce wanted. Glossing over won't do. Workings of conscience. " I bave been a Maying." Gold searchers inot easing. Skeleton out of the cupboard. Dark deeds ooming to.the light. Crowds are flocking to " Eden." Resignation tbe manliest course, A sight to make the ftogels wesp, "The Silence of D»an Maitland." Municipal nominations to-morrow.' Mr. Wood not yet out of tha wood. Is marriage a failure ? Yes, and no. Barometer at 1 o'clnok to-day, 2971 Delightful Flower Show and oonoort. Chance to get Dr. Jefferis here again. Is it Nemfesin or a terrible misfortune Pity be ever .ought to be a public man^ Mount Lyell Mining Company not read) Natural affection turned to bitterest bate. Portrait ot Mr. R. Wood, M.P., on page 4. Highly tropical at North Adelaide laat night. Dr. Jefferis moat anxious to return to Am* tralia. Rev. F. Hastings' resignation aooepted with regret. "Silence ii golden," and gold will buy silence. Starvation driving men to tbe Churohes in Sydney. After to-night municipal candidates must shut up. Mr. Wood claiming to be absolutely innooent. Parliament v. Press »t cricket on December 11. Whitfield got off comparatively lightly with the £36 fine. Mr *Saint wants Mr. Wood to show that he's not a sinner. Meeting of Christian workers at Y.M.O.A. this evening. What kind of process is a gradual explosion, Mr. Brooker? Port Wesleyana to bave a three days' demonstration. Did Mr. Wood aoqaaint the Labour party with the faots? Holly and Floral Fair at Norwood to-day and to-morrow. Hon. G. M. and Mrs. Waterhowe about to visit the oolony. Mr. Wood, like Adam, crying—" Twara't me ; 'twas she." If Wood had had money, all might have been hushed up. Deserting a bad woman is not the way to make ber better. "The Gospel of Jostioe" at tha Sociology Society to-night. Some of the North Adelaide pubs had a big harvest last night. Mrs. Maty Lee would certainly want to " wear the breeks." A fine night will make that promenade concert most enjoyable. "With what measure ys mete, it shall be measured onto you." Two hundred persons in Sydney waiting to be off by the Boyal Tar. Frozen-meat bonus wanted. Why not a bonus on " Crumbs" too. Who is tbe roaring M.P. who couldn't endure Mrs. Lee'e leoture? Mr. Wood declares tbat bit English "wife" had a prior husband living. The spirit that marked tbat meeting waa anything but,a judicial one. What large business firm in Adelaide does last night's meeting bring to mind ? Mr. T. White, Mayor of Norwood, opens the Fair at Norwood this afternoon. Mr. Wood had faith in woman despite fail first alleged terrible disappointment. Dogmatic " Mary Lee" would perhaps like a birch rod for that recaloitrans M. P. All right-thinking people mutt be sincerely sorry for Mrs. Woods and ber family. A twenty-six years' respectable reoord, after all, doesn't answer the question. Polioe encouraged to a vigorous orusade against breaches of the Gaining Laws. Is it true that the leaden of the Labour party bave advised Mr. Wood to resign? Sun rose at 4.44 a.m. ; sets at 6.49 p.m. Moon set at S.49 a.m. ; rises at 6.90 p.m. If the weather is not fine there's plenty of excellent cover for tbat Exhibition concert. The Chief Secretary throwing light on the dark and peculiar ways of the wily Asiatic. Tom Brooker farming tor hay. That accounts for his " chaff" being so abundant. If properly acquitted, Mr. Wood would be a happier man than if the inaident is glossed over. The Crumbman fails to disoover any blasphemy in Socialist Tommy Dodd's prayer. Tbe Rev. Rainsford Bavin glad that the Sydney unemployed are looking to the Churohes. In tbe halls of juttioe, and nowhere else, oaa Mr. Wood obtain his vindication or his condemnation. The term "blackballed at the May" will for the future have a special aignificanoe far women here. After' the free life of the colonies Dr. Jefferis cannot endure the social and climatio state of England. Dr. Bevan gone to Western Australia to visit Congregational Churohes—not on the look out for gold mines. The true ooncern of the oommunity is that Mr. Wood, tbe publio man, stands onder euspioion of being a bigamut. Now is the time to get your Christmas presents at the Norwood Wesleyan Lecture Hall this afternoon and evening. It is truthfully remarked that tbe tramp probably puts more sole into his profession thau many men of even higher aspirations. Mr. Wood's story, if true, emphasizes the need for the divorce laws being within the easy reach of the poor as well as of tbe rioh. The Alleged circulation of a newspaper ia no true test of its value to advertisers. The great point to be considered is the olau of readers. " To think that that woman should drag tbat child into ber immorality was more than I could possibly bear." But what did yon do for the child, Mr. Wood? At three of the large London railway stations—Charing Cross. Cannon-street, and London Bridge—as many as 32.969 movements for signal and point levers have to be made every twenty-fourhours quite apart from tbe telegraphio rommunioation. Professor Warren, of Sydney, who attended the Science Congress in Adelaide, had the remarkable experience of breakdowns occurring with the trains that carried him from Sydney to Melbourne, from Melbourne to Adelaide, and from Adelaide to Glenelg—three in a tour The word bankrupt comes from two Italian words signifying a braVen benoh. The populace of Venice, Florence, and other Italian cities often became greatly excited with the moneylenders, who were frequently Hebrews, and bursting into the market-places, would etsal the change and break or overturn the bench. A broken bench implied a moneychanger without funds, hence tbe tenn. 