The Brisbane Courier. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1893. In the LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, yesterday, The Insolvency, Intestacy, and Insanity Ad- ministration Bill, the Brisbane Municipal Loan Bill, and the Maryborough Bridge Bill were read a second time. The Co-operative Communities Land Settle- ment Bill and the Inebriates Institutions Bill were considered in committee. The House adjourned at 5.58 p.m. In the LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY yesterday, A petition was presented by Mr. Stephens praying for leave to introduce a bill giving mortgaging or selling power to the German Lutheran Church, South Brisbane. The peti- tion was received. The House went into Committee of Supply, and the vote for courts of petty sessions was passed. The committee obtained leave to sit again the following day. The debate on Mr. Burns's motion in favour of Northern separation was continued, and on a division being taken the motion was negatived by 31 votes to 16. The House adjourned at 10.5 p.m. till the usual hour the following (this) day. THE ghost of territorial separation ought to be laid for some years to come by the division on Mr. Burns's motion yesterday evening. For the discussions that have occurred during the session prove that there is no real vitality in the Central or Northern Separation movement outside the prospective capitals of Rockhampton and Townsville. Mr. Curtis is the only one of our legislators who is affected with living enthusiasm, and his influence is circum- scribed by the fact that his public career is almost wholly limited to participation in the divisive movement, and by the further fact that as a bold speculator in Rockhamp- ton allotments his zeal is supposed to be stimulated by business reasons. It may be urged that land speculation confined within reasonable limits is a legitimate method of money-making, which need not be disputed. But it is a kind of speculation that is liable to abuse, and as a matter of fact has been grossly abused in Queensland to the detri- ment of the best interests of the colony. Mr. Curtis is sincere, no doubt, in the belief that territorial separation would benefit Rockhampton and Central Queensland, and it may be admitted that one immediate effect would be to raise land values in the Central city to the pecuniary relief of some persons who have acquired allotments at purely speculative prices. But these speculative prices are really inimical to the public wel- fare; they are the blackmail levied by the non-user of land upon the man de- sirous of acquiring it for productive purposes. What we should like to be assured of on reasonable evidence is that the proposed dismemberment of the colony would promote enlarged production from the soil, the establishment of new industries, or the general well- being of the community. These things have not yet been demonstrated. What is claimed is that Separation would enhance the market value of land, and cause the money collected in the Central district to be spent within that district, instead of being cast into the maelstrom of the Brisbane Treasury. The rich Western lands, it is urged, would not then be sacrificed by absolute sale at five shillings an acre, but leased to grazing farmers at rents representing capital values ranging from two to three shillings par acre. And it is assumed that if Central Queensland were erected into a separate colony its Treasury would be rich enough to justify this sacri- fice of present land revenue for the sake of posterity. Admitting so much, it is neces- sary to remind the Separatist that there are prior claims upon that revenue, that in past years the lands in the Southern district have been "sacrificed" to provide money to pay interest charges upon the public debt, and that the pres- sure of interest being greater now than at any former time, the sale of Central lands is necessary to assist in providing it. The talk of sacrifice is nonsense, for the land will still remain, and in a short time may be made to yield as much to taxation as it has hitherto yielded in the form of rent. In the meantime the price obtained by sale must, we repeat, be available, as in former years, to meet the claims of the public creditor. It is really the land question that is the mainspring of the divisive agitation in Central Queens- land. Put aside the speculator in allot- ments in Rockhampton, and the speculator in grazing farms in the Western districts, and the motive power which gives impulse to the movement would be gone. In the North the agitation is similarly limited in its sources. Townsville, like Rockhampton, is dazzled by visions of future greatness when it shall become the Northern capital, and the aspirations of its landowners are stimulated by the desire to grasp the unearned increment by specula- tive sales at prices which would discount the values of a quarter of a century hence. They refuse to perceive the injury done to the productive industries by "booming" the price of land, and by levying upon its industrious occupier a perpetual tax for the benefit of the non-using if original owner. But the Northern Separatists cannot boast of an enthusiastic advocate like Mr. Curtis of Rockhampton. Mr. Burns has tried to do his duty by his constituents, but evidently he is not actuated by a consuming desire to get Separation at once and at any price. For he is too sensible a man not to perceive that the divisive ardour of the pro- ducing classes has cooled since the removal of the prohibition against coloured labour, and that Separation would never have obtained their support but for the convic- tion that the populous constituencies of Southern Queensland would condemn the North to impoverishment by abolishing tropical agriculture if it could not be remuneratively conducted by white labour. On the other hand, the Northern Labour party resolutely opposed Separation until they discovered that it would give them a purely labour colony, and enable them to ride roughshod over their employers and political opponents. Dismemberment, there- fore, instead of attaining the dignity of a national movement, has become the mere battledore and shuttlecock of political parties, each one prepared either to take it up or drop it as volatile party interests may dictate from time to time. It is impossible that Separation should succeed under such conditions as these, and no one feels the hollowness of the agitation more keenly than the Northern representatives in the Assembly who are pledged to support it. No wonder, therefore, that Sir Thomas McIl- wraith last week pronounced the movement dead, or that only sixteen members in a House of forty-seven yesterday supported Mr. Burns in the division. The actual want of our great colony is not dismemberment, but administrative decentralisation, although even that want is less urgent now than in former years when the means of communication were difficult and tardy. In a legislative aspect the division of the colony into three semi- independent States would be entirely mischievous, for our present comparatively creditable Legislature with the whole population of Queensland to select from is not yet by any means as efficient as the public interests demand. But were the colony divided into three, the want of trained public men would be a serious menace to the public weal; for the mischief that might be done by three incompetent Parliaments simultaneously engaged in the business of law-making can scarcely be over-estimated. Admitting that Home Rule might be beneficial to the Southern, Central, and Northern districts of Queens- land, it must be contended that the aboli- tion of the existing Parliament would be an act of supreme folly, and that any Home Rule granted must be conducted by pro- vincial authorities strictly subordinate to the general Legislature. But Home Rule on that principle would not satisfy the territorial Separationists, or it might have been obtained long ago. IN the question of women suffrage, as in many other political and social questions, the colonies have advanced upon the mother country. In April of last year the House of Commons rejected a bill for the Parlia- mentary enfranchisement of women by 175 to 152. The adverse majority was narrow: but the bill referred only to ratepayers, and was supported by arguments inapplicable to women as a whole. In March of the present year notice was given by the mem- ber for West Edinburgh of his intention to introduce a similar bill. No more has been heard of the measure; nor is it likely that more will be heard of it in the present con- gestion of public business. Meanwhile the colonies, or some of them, have been moving. Against large but ineffective opposition Sir John Hall's bill, which abolishes sex in politics by the simple provision that in all Acts having reference to the right of electing members of Parliament words importing the mascu- line gender shall include women, has passed both Houses of Parliament in New Zealand and has received the assent of the Governor. Strenuous efforts were made to prevent this consummation on the ground that a bill of this nature should be reserved for the consideration of her Majesty. It is possible that the delay, which has been officially ascribed to difficulties connected with the Liquor Bill, may have to some extent arisen from scruples on this score. On the other hand the extremely popular charac- ter of the movement rendered it difficult if not hazardous for the Governor to take such a position. It was supported by the largest petition ever presented to the House, beside which the numbers signing on the other side dwarf to insignificance. The spirit in which the crusade has been prosecuted may be gathered from the fact that on hearing of the Governor's assent the Women's Franchise League of Dunedin held a special thanksgiving meeting. And it dearly appears that, notwithstanding the frequently asserted indifference of women as a whole to franchise privileges, it will be largely availed of. No sooner did the bill receive the vice-regal imprimatur than applications from women to have their names placed on the electoral rolls came pouring in from all parts of the colony, as many as eleven thousand having been reported last Tuesday by the Auck- land Registrar alone. It may be enough to add that both Western and South Australia are moving in the same direction. The other colonies, including our own, will probably content themselves for a time with watching the result of the experiment. It may be admitted that little objection can lie against the so-called emancipation of women so long as it is confined to the suffrage merely. There will no doubt result a change in the relative importance attached to public questions, the purely political giving place somewhat to the social and the moral aspects of human need. On some of these questions woman may be a better guide than man, on others a worse. More impressed with the evils which afflict the body politic, she may be more im- patient of the restraints of natural law in their removal; but upon the whole we see no reason to believe that the balance will be on the losing side. The case, however, may be different if to the privilege of elec- ing is added the eligibility for election which some regard as its logical sequence. It will be seen from yesterday's issue that the Women's Rights Association of Paris put forward lady candidates for the general election in that city. Opinions varied as to the plan of campaign; but the most prominent pro- gramme asked for a "motherly govern- ment" which should help the weak, the old, and the needy, and should enable women to revise the constitution, pursue the same professions as men— the military excluded—and control the Government. These demands suggest the real difficulty of the situation. There is no occasion to fear with M. Jules Simon that government by women, at least in the New World, would be government by priests, or that women would got elected only to dis- play themselves and make conquests. It is a more serious objection that the class of women who would offer for election and put themselves forward for power would not be the class most in sympathy with the necessities of that domestic life in which the vast majority of women must always be engaged. But the root difficulty lies in the relations of the sexes, It is of the essence of a Government that it should have the power of enforcing its behests. So long as the common people were not aware of their own strength they were content to see power wielded by their rulers. Despotism means that the strength of the people is in the hands of the despot. Repre- sentative government means that the people will use their strength to support their representatives. But if women, elected by women, govern against the will of the majority of men, what strength remains to use? It is significant that woman does not ask to be placed in the army or the police force. Immediately, therefore, that she comes into opposition with man she loses the executive power essential to a Govern- ment. A majority of adult men could not in the end be forcibly overruled by a composite body in which the casting vote was given by women. It is perfectly true that women can and do rule men; and we are quite prepared to admit that the rule has on the whole been for the benefit of the race. But the rule has been one of persuasion and not of force. A forceful rule of woman is an in- conceivable monstrosity. Yet ruling by vote is in effect ruling by force, since it is backed by the power which has said that the majority shall rule. And that power is inseparable from male humanity. Humi- liating as it may appear, the fact that the Army and Police Force, by which alone the behests of the sovereign power can be carried out, are and must be exclusively composed of men, is demonstration that a Government of woman against man could not support itself. If, therefore, the de- velopment of women's rights be pushed to the extent of admission on equal terms with men to Parliament and power, the demand falls to pieces by its own weight. None of the Australian colonies have yet made this demand; and so long as it is avoided the mere article of women's suffrage may vindicate itself by results. The danger is that, unable to see why she should not stand as man's equal, the advocates of woman's rights should insist on thrusting her into a position of antagonism to man in which nature itself refuses her the requisite support. THAT familiarity breeds contempt is no- where better illustrated than in the almost total indifference with which the civilised world hears of rebellion and revolution in the South American Republics. We also might well afford to pass in silence the announcements of recent cablegrams were it not that the so-called New Australia movement has carried our own people into the jaws of the wolf. With the exception of a small strip of her northern coast the little State of Paraguay, in which our countrymen have settled, is surrounded by the territory of Argentina and Brazil. And what is the present condition of these great Republics? Both of them are at this moment in the throes of revolt. It is true that the immediate objects of the rebels—if they have any object beyond rebellion—are of the most inconsistent character. In Argentina the rebels are described as radicals; in Brazil the anticipated result of their success is the restoration of the monarchy. But these differences only go to show that ostensible causes of revolt are of slight consequence; and that its living root—a root from which it will spring again and again in the future as in the past—is the restless and unreliable character of the people. Of the revolt in Argentina nothing has been heard since the end of last month, though that is no proof that it is over. In July it was announced that the whole country was rising, and that sanguinary fighting had taken place in many as twenty towns. In the middle of August a state of siege was proclaimed by the Government in conse- quence of the increase of the rebellion. The last news cabled on the subject, dated 23rd August, was that the rebels at Corrientes, a town on the Parana River close to the Paraguayan boundary, had overthrown the Government troops. And this is the country through which and the river along which the New Australian settlers must travel to reach their home! So far as we can judge the agitation in the great Brazilian provinces is not much further removed from the borders of Paraguay; and at the present moment it gives promise of accomplishing a revolution whose disturbing power will be felt throughout the whole vast territory acknow- ledging the government of Brazil. The crisis is the more remarkable as less than two years have passed since the previous unsettlement, which disposed of the then President, Da Fonseca. Now the Govern- ment is more determinedly attacked than at the close of 1891. Tho naval repulse suffered by the insurgents in the middle of July last was quickly followed by a land en- gagement in Rio Grande do Sul, in which the rebels more than recovered their lost ground. So much success followed their arms that in the beginning of the present month three Brazilian warships went over to the enemy. If reports are to be trusted their first attempts against Rio de Janeiro were repelled with heavy-loss. But the accompanying denial of damage done to the city and of disaffection among the troops was politic merely or premature. For on the 14th the strongest fort in the city was taken by the rebels, and next day it was admitted that the city was seriously injured and that the revolt was spreading among the army. On the 16th the rebels had gained a foothold in the city, and had seized the Custom- house and arsenal, besides being reinforced and supplied with arms from sailing ships. The President has abandoned the capital, and the rebellion is spreading with the rapidity of a conflagration. This morning's cable news is simply revolting, for the city is evi- dently at the mercy of a libidinous and infuriated mob. Clearly the Republican Government is in evil case; but is there any hope that a people so insatiable of change will settle contented under the trammels of a monarchy? Or are our New Australian settlers, instead of falling victims to the universal unrest, to become the leaven of steady industry which shall ultimately con- trol and save the South American republics? Their own Australian antecedents scarcely argue such a future; but possibly the one thing needed to make them the apostles of order may be the ruinous disorders of their new surroundings. The Post and Telegraph Department advise as follows:—"Singapore-Bangkok line inter- rupted. Steamers leave Singapore for Bangkok to-day (19th) at 1 p.m. and 8 p.m., also on the 21st instant at 4 p.m." 