\- ? , — v -— — - ? Deioraine Hia Grace Archbishop Murphy, who reached Deloraine on Friday last, and has since been the guest of Father Walsh, ad ministered the Sacrament of Confirmation yesterday at the Church of the Holy .Redeemer. The sacred edifice was crowded by what was probably the largestcongre gation that has yet assembled within it's walla — a very large number of non-Eoman oacnoiics oemg_ noticeable amongst those present. The Archbishop, who wa3 assisted in the ceremony by the Very Eev.Dean Con nell and Eev. Father Walsh; addressed the children, of whom there were about 100 of both sexes, and after expressing his gratification at tkeir proficiency in the knowledge of Christian doctrine, explained the nature of the Sacrament they were about : to receive, which being done worthily would nuke them stroncr and perfect Christians, and enable them to lead such lives in this World as would fit them for the great one. for which they were created. He impressed .upon them the necessity of cherishing a strong and perfect faith, un shaken and undoubted, without which good work counted for little. After the cere mony proper, his Grace again addressed the children, reminding them that they were commemorating that memorable Pentecost day of nearly 1900 years ago, when the Apostles were confirmed by the descent of : the Holy Ghost upon them. He concluded an eloquent discourse by exhorting them to put in practice the lessons inculcated during the last few. weeks. Addressing the congregation, his Grace congratulated fchn' Rmnan Oa±hn}ina ^v ?«,-? I district on. haviDg. such a fine church free of debt, which .would be when completed the handsomest church in the colony, if not in Australia. It was, he said, a fittiog monument .to the zeal of their excellent pastor, Father Walsh, as well as- to their own generosity. He was also delighted to hear that the formation of the new convent was also commenced. . During his visit the A rchbishop inspected the. site and plan of -new convent, and expressed his approbation of the same. His Grace, who appears to bs hi excellent health, resumes his jouraey to Latrobe this morn ing- - ' ?''??.. . -May 15. 