The digger's Head. A TEUE GHOST STORY. Sir Richard Owen (says a correspondent of the London Daily News) tad two jemarkable ghost BlorieB, which, it was a jjigh. privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be recorded here was perhaps the better of the two ; but its quality can I scarcely be judged or when detached I from the peculiarly expressive style I the old profcsBor had, which added I a charm to his telling of the story. I In his early days, when he held the poet of I surgeon to th« prison at Lancaster, a negro I died in the gaol, and a post mortem I as well as an inquest were necessary. After I the inquest the young surgeon saw the I body put in the coffin and the lid screwed f down, to be ready for the 'funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already at tracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negro heads were not plenti ful ; so he made up his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of science. In the evening he returned to the prison with a black bag containing a brick — from | his official position he had no difficulty in getting admittance to th« mor tuary, where the coma lid was un [ screwed, and screwed down again. During j this process the brick and the negro'B head changed places. The ground outside the ' principal entrance to the gaol has a con siderable descent ; and the time being \rinter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he Blipped and fell all his length — the bag went from his hand, and the head tumbled out, and rolled down the pavad way. He jumped up, caught the bag, and following the head clutched it just .as it finished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the speed he is capable of. Next morning, when Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman at the shop where tha acci dent had occurred on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ilL He had had, she said, a fright the night before that caused him to look wild and dazed-like. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain, who had been in many adventures among the West India Islands, when , many deeds were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro in which he had a hand, and the transaction I had left a touch of trouble on hia con I science. After giving these details the old captain told of the horrible event that I took placs tfao night before. He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been thinking of the negro, when suddenly he saw his very head roll into the shop in front of the counter, and it was followed by the devil, all in black, with a black bag I in his hand. The devil snatched up the head, and both disappeared through the I earth like a flash of lightning. The de I scription was perhaps not quite compli I montary to the young anatomist, but it I was satisfactory so far that it showed that I his identity had not been recognised. 