ANTS IN THE BILLY ' Cheer on your battlers, lads, and give your foemen hell.' — Homer (latest translation) . 'The Premier of Italy, Crispi, has been proved before the world to be a common thief.' — Illustrated American. ' Thou snalt love tny neignoour its thyself.'— Christ. ' Thou shalt rob thy neighbour of his shirt.' — Business. 'What is Capitalism P' asks George Pile, with a Avild triumphant yell in the S. M. K. What is swindleism, dear Geprgey ? ' Canst thou by searching find out God,' triumphantly intones the corpulent bishop. No, but you can find His chil dren wanting a meal round the corner. We must bridge the chasm between Capital and Labour, saith the Daily Jesuit. We must fill it up, says The Worker. Many a child goes hungry that Burdekin and Co. may grow richer. ' A debtor is a slave. — Solon. 'Mad bulls can't be tied up with pack, twine, nor the gorgons of Capital intimidated with wingless arrows.' ' May you, like Caesar's wife, be above reproach,' said Judge Harding to Griffith. Cresar's wife was not above re proach. Dr. Bevan wildly, madly tears^ his hair and jumps on his hat, yelling, ' Down with demagogy — it's the curse of the land.' Hear, hear. Down with Bevan. Abbot's salary as Speaker of the N.S.W. Assembly has been retrenched to £1300. Melville, Chairman of Com mittees, only gets £700 henceforth. Poor fellows ! ' It is evident that were Christ living to day and breathing the modern intel lectual atmosphere, he would be neither a sentimentalist nor a religious rhapso dist, but the leader of a thorough going reform movement.' — Professor Saltkii (Andover University). Laugh not ! laugh not ! but listen To this strange tale of mine All folks that dwell in England Shall be better lodged than swine. William Morris. Shareholders, noteholders, and de positors in several colonial banks would do well to keep their eyes skinned. There is not any immediate cause for apprehension, but when those in the know have 'fixed things up,' then ? In a recent soulful oration, Pilcher, M.L.C., of the the National Ass — assins, is reported to have said, ' why pay mem bers of parliament £300 a year, when you can possibly get better men for nothing at all.' The wolf offered to watch the flock for nothing. 'Dear Worker, — About two weeks ago, an old man (a swagman) was found dead on the Canowindra road about two miles from Eugowra. The local ( ' bobby, ' ' with the only J.P., inspected the corpse and had it buried by the roadside, within 24 hours of death and without any doctor's inspection. Had he been one of the bloated aristocracy, no doubt a great fuss would have been made, and the papers would have had any amount of pars, about the death, but as he was only ' ' one of the people, no enquiry is made ; he is buried like a dog. ' Rumble his bones over the stones, he's only a pauper nobody owns.' — Yours, Cltjny.' ' Good Friday.' 1893 years ago (or thereabouts) the Founder of Modern Democracy was judicially murdered by ? command of a government judge, at the dictation of a jury of old-time capitalists, usurers, and high priests. They spiked him up with iron nails to the common gallows of the State, and as he did not die quickly enough a ' ' law and order ' ' sol dier drove his sword-bayonet up to the hilt into Ms side — (beg pardon, it was a spear). If another Christ arose he would receive equally as ugly a reception as the Divine Democrat of Galilee received. If the 'powersthatbe' didn't crucify him they would hang him, and if they did not hang him, 'for fear of the multitude,' they would assui'edly change the venue to Deniliquin, and have Him tried by Back house, so as to make certain He would be sent up for seven years in leg-irons as a pestilent conspirator who stirred up the people and caused shares to fall. In all despot ruled countries if a man dares to adversely criticise the Govern ment he is immediately gaoled or tortured, ov hung or shot. If any rail way servant in Australia dares to tell the truth about the shameful manage ment of our railways, he and his family are immediately deprived of their ' bread and butter.' Which then is the most effective way of compelling absolute sub mission ? To shoot and hang men or starve them ? The Worker maintains that every human being, no matter who he is, possesses the inherent right of boldly expressing his thoughts — of criti cising the highest in the land. The Railway Commissioners in denying that privilege to their employees are the de clared enemies of public liberty, and are usurping a prerogative that has never yet been willingly granted to any man on earth. For attempting less than these petty despots have successfully accom plished, many a kiug and prelate's head has been rolled in the dust. Herr Ahlwardt, one of the ablest men in the German Parliament, who denounces the Jew usurers — i.e., the Rothschilds, the Oppenheims, the Gos chens, and Mundellas — as the spoilers of God's poor and the plunderers of the world, has created another great sensation in Berlin by charging the mem bers of the Reichstag (those of them who are the nominees of banks and loan com panies) 'with conspiring to loot the 'In- valid Soldiers' Fund.' Germany voted large sums to pension her wounded war men who bled so bravely for Fatherland ; but the capitalistic combines of modern times would rob a dying man of a drink of water if they could make a profit thereby. Wanted — an Australian Ahlwardt ! Who are the wily ones that profit by manipulat ing the nation's cash ? Who are the mem bers of legislatures that are directors of vast financial vampire institutions, whose dividends are pumped from the heart's blood of the people. What's the good of ' theories of rent' to hungry men ? 'Every Englishman's house is his castle '—if it isn't Cohen's. - \ ' A hog in a white waistcoat and a shiny tile is still a hog.' — Spnrgcon. He who does not live by toil Has no right to own the soil. . ^ The Duke of Westminster denounces Liberal legislation. Naturally. His Grace is a mighty London landlord ; in come — £5 per minute. What is the use of Government mine inspectors anyhow ? Two men at Leadville (N.S.W.) have just been smashed up. This kind of thing won't cease until a few mining directors ? are hung for murder. The bludgeon of the policeman and the anathema of the pulpit have always been used with calculated cynicism to' restrain and hold the multitude in a 'proper state of subjection.' ' Our situation, 0 my sons, re sembles that of the ocean wanderers who have 'scaped the tempest's thunderous fury when in sight of land, and are from the coast by adverse winds driven back.' — Eiiriphides. T. A. Dibbs, managing director of the Commercial Banking Company (which pays 25 per cent, dividends), has just re turned from London. For all practical purposes this man is a far and away more powerful potentate than his brother, the Royal George Republican. W. T. Stead .avows himself a prophet of the God- sent, and tells^is that the spirits of the dead lean over his shoulder, and write with his pen, We'd like to be on hand with a phonograph when Parnell's ghost interviews him. ' Plot to kill the Prince of Wales.' Bosh ! The man isn't worth powder and shot. He' s only a poor little podgy nonen tity with a bald head, a blase visage, an immense rotundity, and the waddle of a seagull on a rock, and has no* more control over the political machine than a monkey over a barrel organ. ' We want an honest, God-fearing Government — (applause)— not a Govern ment who could drink rum till it ran through their nostrils.' This is a bit of grim realism by the Rev. George Perry. George will wait a long time. If men were absolutely honest and God-fearing, and kept. the ten commandments, how could they get into a Government in any civilized land ? The average Labor representative, when addressing1 his constituents of late, argues thusly — ' ' The capitalists are too strong for us; we can't win.' This is not the spirit that conquers. The grandest triumphs of politics or of war have been won by comparatively small bodies of men — Avho meant business. Where there's a will there's a — weapon. A man who won't flee will make his foes flee. Discussing the ' depression' Dr. Bevan says : — ' There has in the first place been over-production the world over.' ^ The rev. gentleman should make sure of his facts. This is not a fact. How can there be over-production when in every part of the world there are men, women, and children homeless, ragged, and hungry ? Too much grain, while children devour crusts out of the gutter ! Too much wool while they shiver in the blasts of winter ! Too many houses while our harrassed slaves sleep under trees ! The Pastoralists and Federal Council (S.A.) met on the 14th to discuss, among other things ' necessary arrangement to en sure an over -supply of shearers.1'' The words are from the Council's programme, published in last week's Worker. They point out unmistakably the trend of thotight in the employer's mind, and also show the cynical inhumanity of the Pas toralists' Union. To keep on hand hosts of half- starving unemployed is as a policy truly fiendish. It is the plan that has been successfully pursued ^ by the opulent and employing classes ever since the first Aus tralian settlements. To counteract this shameless and narrow conspiracy is, there fore, the supreme duty of eveiy true man. So long as the unemployed exist, so long Avill the Unions be in continual danger. It was the unemployed that caused the maritime strike defeat, also the defeat of the bushmen and the Barrier miners. These facts are acknowledged. If there had been no Victorian blacklegs, what would have been the use of sending aimed men and government spys to Broken Hill for the purpose of provoking trouble ? Under such circumstances the capitalist government might have filled Broken Hill wrth horse foot and artillery, and they Vould have been welcomed as ' ' bringing money into the place.' The same re marks apply to every other strike. Labor has been defeated by labor — by unemployed labor — by blackleg labor, if you like, and in the struggles of the future the same calamity will overtake us if we do not mind. To raise wages, shorten hours, and im prove the Avorkers1 environment is a just and righteous policy — a policy that must command the sympathy of eArery unpreju diced human being. No one impugns the justice of such a policy, except those nar roAV and sordid beings, Avhose diAidends and profits are increased by the degrada tion and misery of their fellows. The starving Avretch of the city, the travelling nomad of the interior is systematically used by the employers to defeat just de mands for reasonable fair play and reason able Avages. If Unionism is to become a poAver for good, the unemployed man must be abolished. He must be removed out of the range of possibilities, and then, and then alone, is Aictory possible for us. Wages can't be permanently kept above stai'Aration point as long as there are legions of unemployed. Hoav to abolish the unemployed is therefore the problem of problems for organized labor. It calls for the close attention of the best intellects, and it must be solved under penalty of overAvhelming disaster. It is the avowed programme of capitalism to keep on hand a clamouring reserve of unemployed, laud less and moneyless starvelings, and it is clearly the policy of organized labor to frustrate in every possible Avay thut inhu- . man and diabolical policy. 