MELBOURNE NOTES. »M ..I— t^M I'ERRIMAN AND STARLIGHT MATCHED. Plato and M'Gowau ia Training. THE 'FRIDAY '-MACE CONTEST. Tho Former Comes Out on Top After a Good Battle. (Br ' Siay-DmiNC!!.') Although there has beon up to tbo prosont ouly .do contest of any importance Uurmir tbo week, wo in Moibotiruo have boon pretty busy arraugiug matches to tako placo in the near future, Ou Tuesday evening thoro was a suoaial geuoral uieetin,; of tho Cumberland Athletic vmu, wuou i.no iono\/inp; i;«ntiemeu wero elected as coiumtttnemen for tho current year:— Mossrs. Obftrlw Dobin, Sam Allon, W. Fawcett, U. J. Cartor, Sol Groon, Darnoy Allen, and Charley Watson. During: thu wnok Starlight nml Perryman signed articles to box at tho Cumborlaad Olub for k. purso of £V- on February lii. It will ba a good thing if this match comes off satis factorily, and the voxed question as to which is tho belter man is finally disposed of. Pluto and JaokM'Qowan, who aro matched to box at tha Cumberland Athlotia Club on Fobruary 2, are both in training, and the coining contest botwoon the popular feather weights is attracting a great deal of attention. The genera! opinion ia that Pluto in buru to win, bnt I think mysolf that he will havo to box all ho knows lp get away with the decent South Mslbourno boy, who ia sure to fight as long as ho oan stand. ' ' HICKEN'S HAKL. Mover einco the boxing contest which took place at tho Melbourne AthluticClubbetwoeu Tom Williams aiid George Dawsou has such interest beon niaifesled iu a mill as there wan in that which took placo at Abo liicken's popular institution on Saturday night, when Friday O'Noil tiud Dummy Maco did battle for glory and a .£20 purso. Since the match was ratified both mon luivo been in careful training, and it can safoly bo said that neither left anything undono tlmt could ouhauco bis chance of victory. Dummy relied on winning this battlo aud then roing to America to mix with th'j champions iu his olaus, but now that he stands onco more defeated ho has not given mo thd rcmotost idea of what ho intends doing. PEFOP.B TIIE CONTEST Mace wan full of life and fire, and in his dressing-room he informed mo that he had a dead certainty of winning in sovon rounds ; iu fact, ho thought l'nday uidut have the ghost of a show. Friday, on the othor hand, told me that bo was not at all suro about winning, hut that bo would fight all ho know and givo the Dummy all his work to do, and so he did, and n. littlo more thau ho could perform. When the mon KXTEItED TIIE KISfQ at 9.15 p.m. evory inch of apaoo In the hall was occupied, and even standing-room was at x premium, and had the hall been half as largo tgam it would havo boon crowded, as hundreds had to bo refused admission. Miico was first to como through tho ronop, attended by JNippor Peakos, Elijah Jickson, and Charley Bowell. Friday was ou his heels with Martin Domiy, Tom Duggun, and Preston in his wake, and as they took their places in the ring they woro cheered again and igoiu. Each wore an expression of pationt :onfidenco, Which augured well in his favor. THE C'OXDITIOIf }f the man was just about as near perfection %s poHSible. I think this was tho ouly occasion on which I havo scon Fridsj really well, and that bo was so is entirely du'i to Billy Williams, who took him in hand when profes sional trainors refused to havo anything to do with him. Maco was also iu tip-top fettle, nud looked aa fit as tho proverbial fiddle, i'hoir woights as rcoordod at tho Melbourno Athletic Club wero : Friday, lOst 251b ; Maco, 9st lOilb ; bo that Friday had an advantage of a littlo ovor Gib. But I don't think that the deficiency in avoirdupois interfered with Mace's chanco in any way, as he was, so to speak, never in it after tho first couplo of rounds, and though ho got home sevoral times with that wicked right of his, ho wti unablo to Bhift Friday, who boxod with remarkably good judgment, and used his lett hand splen didly. The question of k-ovcs nnd comers bavins been satisfactorily disposed of, Mr. Sol Green won selected aa rof ereo, with Messrs. Jon Harris and Jack Perryman as lOeec check and timekcepor, and this dons THE CONTEST COMMENCED. Bound I.— As the men shook hands each looked a perfect model of a ligbt-woight boxer, and as they put up their hands odds of 3 to 1 woro frenly offered on tho Dnuway, which offer was in most cases eagerly n:::ipped up. lluco openod tho ball by trying for the face, but Friday parried nioely, and sent a right oa the ear, followod up with a left upporcut, and cloned to avoid a right. Break ing away Maco shovod Friday pretty bard, and missing1 another intended i-i(rht ho copped a beauty on tho mouth, and won lifter he Soured Friday with n, swinging right, Friday was up instantly, and ijoiufr straight for Mains he uppercut him ttvi'io. Tho pact now became vory warm, and in the rally which eventuated Friday had all the best of the exchanges. Bound 2. — After a rather lonpr spar Maoo feinted several times, and tried to take Friday off his guard, bnt without success. After about 30 soconds, Friday jabbed his man iu tbo face, and then drove the right hard on the ribs ; following up ho sent in two more good body blows, tho Dummy returning with a backhander on the forchoad, aud thon he stood off, Pressing him to tho ropoa, Friday landed twice with tbo left, aud just missod with a. well directed right. Ho, however. reglstorou anooiicr Draco oi Ktts id ms credit, and cleverly avoided Dummy's right just aa tho ffong wont. Bound 3.— Coming np for this round tha men got together at once, and encaged iu an interchange of compliment*, until Mace closed. On broking away he narrowly escupod a wickedly m^ant uppercut, and once more mado a futile uttoni[)t for tho jaw, Friday scoring on tho month. The remainder of the round was nil in favor of Friday, who stint left after loft on tha face and body. Bound 4. — Dummy fointod twice, and thon graznd the point of his opponent's jaw, and was paid for the nttompt with a brace of straight lefts and a good right on the neck. Friday had now the measure of hw man. and stopping another bwiiiK, ho upporout Maoo smartly, and in dodging tho roturu ho slipped to tbo boards, but was up in about a second, and fordid the Dummy to an interesting rally. The Uttor, however, soon clinched, and during the remainder of tho round ho acted strictly ou tha defence. Round 5. — Friday started to work nt onoe, and foroingr Mace aoross tho ring, ho sont in blow after blow, bnt they wero not of a Bovaro uatnre. Dummy sent a good loft, and again tried for the jaw, but Friday was too olose in, and ho not ouly escaped the blow, but he hooked his man smartly, and sent a good right on the huad. Again and again did Mace try to roach the point. After several vain attempts he got homo on tho back of the head, but thu bit was too far back to bo effective. Hound 6.— Dummy oponed with a loft on lie body. PVukj returning with aright ou Iho jaw. t^uiuk exchanges followod, and just on Mace mado a florco drive for tho jaw he oaueht a. grand loft on tho mouth. Friday folioVod with a right on tbo ear, and during the rest of the rouud he had things generally his own way. lionnd 7.— Friday camo np looking all fight, but thu olovor defence of Maco prevented him doing muoh exocutiou during tho early part of tho rouud. After about half a minute lie sent a right ou tho oar, find soon after sout Macu across thn riiif; with a left ou tho mouth. Uu wan hard pro«od by Friday, who boxed with commendable discretion, and when they went to their corner) Maoe's prico cam* down to evens, and thorn were no takors. Rounds 8 and 9 wero very stubbornly con IQRLeU, UU( IIJUCU WH31OI1 II IOI. Oi BbrUUfTbU !□ swinging tho right, nud Friday, who was as strong as at the start, scored at th. ral.u of 4 tol. Hound 10. — After a short load by Mace ho received an ugly nppor-cut ; he then closed, and in breaking away shoved Friday. The latter took nn notine, but bo soon aflor stig gerod tbo Dummy wish » right on the oar ; ha thou forced him nil ovor the ring, and it was any odds on him, bar a knock-out, when the gong Bounded. Rounds 11 and 12, — Thecn rounds woro dooldedly in favor of Friday, who although I ho rocoived severe punishment, scored ' heavily, and looked all over n winner. Bound 12.— Friday opened with a heavy *ik»iv wit mu nun, uiiu nimnuu away irom tuo return ; going for Mno« bo again drove him across tho ring. Caught ou the ropos, ;,[«m made the best use of both hands and fairly hold disown in tbo rally wliioh onauod. lireak ingfrom a olinoli.lMncg hud bin hoad sent hauk with a loft ou thu chin, nud ho oloaud from a right as corners nouuded. Bound 11. — Nothing ofimporUnco was done In thin round owin;r to thu clever ring tactics pursued by Iho Dummy. Hound 15.— Dummy camo to tha soratoh with considerable caution, and uparrod eo cleverly with thai i.l '.agorouii right in roadi nous, that fully a niiuute claimed ore Friday could effect a lauding o:i Iho hash-trap. Thin hit wea u beauty, and w4n followed by another ou tbo marie, which sent Maoo ou the rotroat. fulling himself together qaioLiy bo uuit Friday, and u. good two-bandod rally took place. Friday, who diipendod mont ou bis left, had thu bost of the deal, and it looked an if, bur a fluke, hit could not lose tha oontost. Hound 16.— Nothing of imporlnncu took plar-n during this round, but in tbo succeeding onn Friday oponod with n strong loft on the fuco and a right on tho body. Maoo then got homo heavily on tho side of tbti bond, but the hit did not appaar to tako much effect on Frjday. In a short rally which followed Friday wns thrown, but nn this affair n.m,nu.rm! to bo aaeidontnl no notice was taken by th. rofuroe. Ho wns up in an instant, i.nd drove Mac* all over the ring, and compelled him t» resort to clinching- to aavo himself. Bound 18. — Tho Dummy optjioJ, tb'i r.iuud 'by twice (twinging for the jaw, but failed to html on oaah occasion,- and soon after wns smartly upporcut by Friday, who also drove the right on tho ribs. Both men now became careful nnd boxed with extreme caution. Taking ndvnntairo of an opening, Maca tiiod once moro for tha jaw, missod, and rtcoived heavily ou thu ribs and oloscd to avoid uaothor us Uio gong wont. Bound 19.— Macs Etartod tvilb a splendid right on th» jmv, butFriday didn't Uluch. He returned th« compliment with interest. Tbo men then stood away aa if by mutual coniout, and for fully half a tninuto not a bluiv w*B exchanged. Getting together at hut, they cugagod in a hot rallv, the oxchangca boing continuous until the lull of tha rsund. Eound:20, uid lost.— Tho final round opened with 6 good two-lmndod rally, in which Friday had tho best of tho oxchaiiKOj. Broakiug from a clinch, Friday cleverly dodged a vicious right and soon after sent in a flush left, once more uppeicut tho Dnmmy, Dummy returning with a right en tbo '? ?'. Coming together for a final rally the Cf aostante boxod for all they wero worth, and when they wore ordered to tiisir corners lor tho I act time tho rcferoe had no hesitation in declaring Friday thu winner. Dnmmy took his defeat with a gooa grace, but mado that Raica oxcr.de, ' ho wusu't well,' but thoso who saw him know bettor than this. 