Fernbrook's Double. [cop fright.] t Romance of Maoriland. CHAPTER IV.—(Continued). By Atlia Westbury. While the fiddles are being tuned, nnd tlin players are preparing for honest Philip Mas'singer's masterpiece, let me tak'e,:u'p the wand of Hermes and put back old Father Time by six years. The world was younger, land brighter for Yictorine Hargrave, then only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birthday, a birthday at/which there had been an innocent drinking of tea at Major Hargrave's cottage, on the cliff overlooking the Waitamata. Major Hargrave is a widower,and as poor ;is Job. He is a man who has seen much Jife.. He !has.fou«rht for Don .Carlo's, and derives his military, title from his service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London iiave in turn been his home. Ho has spent some portion of Ills'days in South' America, and is not unremem'bered in Mexico. 'But at sixty-seven lid lias had enough of a nomad existence. It is pleasant to remember his wanderngs and relate liis adventures while he reposes at ease by his hearth ; plenaanter still to have his clever, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants, and who makes a sovereign go as far as two dispensed by a duller housekeeper. His cottage, at Parnell, is the pink rf neatness; very small, but seeming much the snugger for its smallness, daintily furnished with the relics of larger and more splendid abodes, picked up as occasion served. Victorine is one of those active spirits who rise early. She gives her mornings to household duties, and flits about light of foot, with (.•loved hands, and broad linen apron. The major, although a soldier of for tunc, h:ia ever been an honest man. It is his boast that he has lived amongst spendthrifts and social Bohemians, and yet paid his way ; that no tailor remembers him with a pang ; that no time-yellowed page in a fashionable bootmaker's ledger records his dishonor In his retirement he amuses himself with literature, and though this pastime widens his narrow income, he has more pride in his achievements than in the remuneration. The daughter is not so well sati*fi?d with her surroundings. She has lived in this seaboard of Auckland for more than ten years, but she has dim recollections of London and Paris, which come and go in her memory like a dream in the " Arabian Nights." To be rich and powerful, that is the acme of her ambition. She asks her father wonderingly, u " How he can exist in this dull antipodes e after his experience of brighter worlds, Ti,a Siri ircoivs'tliiit' with even less op- • w portunities, she is more accomplished than most of her wealthy neighbors. Sings better, plays more brilliantly, has a more general capacity for learning new things, a greater deftness of finger, superior taste in dress, and more skill in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Yictorine's pretty looks, her sweet voice, graceful winning ways, her cleverness, and general good management. She lives in an atmosphere of praise ; rises every morning to be admired ; lies down at night pleased with her own beauty and sweetness. The Lyndhursts are the major's nearest and dearest friends. Mother and son are as fond of Victorine as if she were their own flesh and blood. Often in the summer gloaming girl and boy have climbed the cliff, above the noble bay, and here have watched the ships glide to and fro, like grim ghosts in the fading twilight. Major Hargrave is at his beat as a dramatic critic. Shakespeare is a whole library to him. He has so embued his daughter with a love of the great dramatist, that the girl has a veritable passion for the an. She knows every word of Juliet, Queen Katheriiie, Rosaline, Lady Macbeth, Cordelia and Beatrice. Under the major's tuition Victorine has grown i into a superb elocutionist. By the winter's fire, while her father smoked liis pipe, she has spouted the whole Sliakesperian round. He teaches her how the most famous actress of his day used to pause here, or linger fondly on a word • there, or rise at such a point to indignant ^ passiuu H' remembei a the great Siddons, how lier awful -whisper went through the gloom of the theatre, as if mocking the evil spirits. And Victorine hangs on liis words with delight, and asks him again and again to describe the wondrous art? Alton Lynd hurst is three years Victorine's senior, and is fighting an uphill fight for a place in the world of letters. What little time he can spare from his work is devoted to Major Hargrove's - daughter, for the poor pennile s scribe almost worships L r It is the one gleam of sunshine on his drudgm life to read Shakc-psaTe" with her or to pla Borneo t •struggles s-hope'fe woiild; i.idrfe,, 1 ^unfortunate scribe •; ,.„ hands Seating on liis > «totilu , -weft's with sobs(^borne| ent voice3 he tells him} • ovemnyo^e itfwoujd be could forg^'her'-terrible despond, povert, that is born of *fflt -.-. Alton LyndhurBt goes back again to hi® work, shutB himself up with his books, and strives only as earnest men strive when love dies and ambition is born, ..,:. Before the year -is out -Victorine Haf!- grave is married. Amid the fever of Parliamentary debate,.ana the strong opinions;:quickenmg into life, and which had/begun to agitate even thoBe remote colonists; Alton LyndhurBt found vent for his sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in the purity and goodness of woman had been overthrown like some, rickety, temple-of;: frailest masonry, he had emerged again from his. wanderings to the light of former guiding starB.. Work had saved him; hard, stern.! unflinching-work: The,--very effort to forget his mad folly and presumption had; brought forth a -latent power, till then slumbering, and the result wits fame. Victorine Hargrave :had the gratification ,'bf her darling; wish satisfied, inasmuch as she _ wedded one of the largest land owners in -the - colony. In the absence of good looks, youth, and that necessary culture which lend ideal charms to: ioV# hefcjhusband had; abundance of/ money. Money, that we poor dreaming, -rogues rail against so bitterly. The fetish, whom we all adore, rail as we may. • -Ah, me."- If Mrs. iVictoriiie Gayland was-, nottboroughlj'BatiBEedand'happyinlier married life; it <was,/ perchance, /because'; she was a woman, and not the fault of her lord and master, who gratified every whim, every desire of her heart, bo far :as ready cash could accomplish it. Mrs. Victorine Gayland went to England, and was absent but two years, when she returned to New Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished and wealthy, Victorine Gayland became the fashion and the Tage amongst the upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. The wives ot the squatters and bankers who had hitherto shrugged their fair shoulders at Major Hargrave's penniless daughter, were delighted with the brilliant, captivating, rich young widows Those who had passed her coldly by heretofore were glad at a nod of recognition from the queen, whose word was final. She has thought of Alton Lyndhurst be. times in those two years of her married life. Comparisons have jarred upon the sensitive cords of her nature when she has pitted him in imagination against this money-getter who calls her wife. She has thought of him very often in her solitary widowhood, wondering why he does not come; thinking him unkind and cruel for withholding his notice and his praise, now that all the world notices and praises her. She is amongst the first to read that book which lifts his name at one bound into notoriety. Oh, how every page preaches to her of the days that are gone, of those unforgotten days, when he was hers, lying at her reet in the late autumn twilights, with the broad full moon shilling upon the sea. He has laid his own heart pon the dissecting table, anatomised its very pulse. She knows now how utterly that Jienr.t. " wiis fliers Jiow torji ounded by Ker "desertion. She comes w face to face with lnm once more in those vivid pages, and the very breath of that love day comes back to her. She reads, and the smouldering love flames up with a brighter, stronger fire, and she knows that she loves Alton Lyndhurst better, purer, than of old, and must so love him to the end of life. One day at a garden party, given :by the popular member for West Auckland, Alton and Victorine meet again. The. belle of fashion and the rising author are both changed ; both are accomplished in •the polite art of self-repression. She greets him with graceful tranquility, he with gracious candour. They talk of the old cottage by the sea walls of the deaTdead father. From that time the idol of ; fashion and, the popular author are; friends, but there is no word of love he-' tween them. Tempua omnia rcvclat. Cast thy magic wand aside, O, Hermes. Lift the curtain again on the group-gathered round Alton Lyndhurst. The theme is still men and hooks. Colonel de Koal is one of the latter party. Watch him as-he Bits with quiet mien listening to tho talker. There is; one huge sneer stamped from brow to chin, but it is so subtle and, refined that it appears like a,: benign smile . uponi his: face. "I often wonder," remarks . "Fentorf Grey,.a-notedmuB)cian,who:haB : co: down to .spend the> winter at the/Bock, "I often wonder that - among so many written-for this age, there-are .so ew that seem calculated .toymake people better." "My dear_ sir. goodness, from orthotic point of view, is the reverse interesting," rejoins the colonel, blandly; , -''Yet; Goldsmith.haB ventured^todepicfr characters that are almost faultless," answers LyndhurBt. The: colonel .shrugs,hi8'shoulders;- "True," he says; "but GoldBmith was a humorist, and could afford to paint virtue. Humor removoB the insipidity of benevolencewith;hiSi-her{)t.B..iP;aust:is not good, and I go is eimpl execrable but where can .you match these for interest | Alton Iiy dhurst looks w *h more t tention at the speaker than he has -done hitherto '• Then, you dem that there can beany; mterest inithe/kind of reading « hichimav tendc- to:::.Taiseir4ihe.vwhole tone of ones being 1 he a £s '"For m part I (love ®enniraon%3@neicannotTead him without! feeling better and braver ( p f ifa ^virtue is bo{ simple a master"; •that::it:afi'ords.fewK'.;o^iportunitie8 for art, J -: responds(detSioal, m thesameqmet feme Vice -and crime-,are ^nian^ sided, j ande ofterjiifimte scope'Sor the^literarv/anato mist ' One Oleopatri, Aifht^fataen, a » « M perfect! GileB:'©vereaeh":fiis- him as if he had madelt~a life -ling .study.'"Lady All worth finds a worthy. representative M Mtb. Victorine Gayland.: The rich widow is an artistiof' jthe first«orderj:: as^well as womaji of fashion. -.' Nine o'clock p.m.—Settle yourselves .comfortably in your seats. "A New Way to Play Old Debts." A play by 3?hilip. Massinger.TTViritten'.two hundred ^and- Awentyvyears^agOi•. ),-.:.•. *• - . Such a piece is just the thing for a drawing-room like this one. And- the costumes, so far as the ladies .are con cerned,: are simply perfect. Up with the curtain. A room m Lady Allworth's house. Boudoirs; blue and gold, brocade and'-satin'wood.-' -The/walls/ are painted ^white, carved garlands of flowers and fruit adorn the panelling. Old Venetian mirrors; reflecting dark blue delf and rare old porcelain. .,-.-•: Grmr^fernbrookhasbeenransjicked to furnish this scene.; /. Ten o'clock.—The applause : is loud and long. Hilton -Eernbrook, who has been lourging.;-about vmoody and silent, goes behind the Bcenes. "Ah, mon cfier, how are you ?" cries the colonel • ' Accept smy : congratulations." replies the young man, rc-itk 3 list" tho .faintest touchtof sarcasm, in/his voice: You are winning golden opinions, sir." Colonel de Boal leads him aside. "My Son. If Bome great enthusiast could suddenly :sprmg up in our midst, and raise the roofs off these people's brains, as Asmodeus lifted the roofs of the biiiMmgs 111 the city of Madrid, what strange things we shouldfind this pleased and li ppy assembly pondering;" Close bv the wing opposite, Btand Mrs. Gayland and Alton-Lyndhurst. • " This night will make you famous," he whispers. She liftB her. eyes to his for a moment, then replies thoughtfully: "If one did not Beek to.win fame there would be no-such thing-as greatness." "The most lasting ,-fame has-been-won by goodness -rather-than talent," he answers, coldly, and moves away. The close of the entertainment is very brilliant, and merges at length into a ball, whennolkas and country dances UBher in the grey dawn of day. / CHAPTER V. COLONEL HE ROJLI. The ball which followed cloae upon the heels of the dramatic entertainment, was at its height. from the half circular •gallery above-the gay throng, it seemed, that the-play had just begun. Those who had taken part in the mimic scenes here-, tofore were merged into the^picture, and added tone ana color to.it. An old clock of antique model, standing above the balustraded stairway, chimed an hour after midnight as Colonel de Boal passed: onward with measured tread to the suite; of rooms beyond assigned to his use- He had not changed:foneTjoc ;of,-bJs .-oostume^aa^ ovcrrc:icti, except: ' ttK! llVavy / D ig. Re entered his room, took a.wet sponge, and carefully removed all traces of the dark hnes which hadvbeen streaked: upon his face by the costumiers, who liad given it the hard, -'stern :aspect of the^ greedy, money,-grubbing;hero t of Massing ger's drama. 1 : This. .'accompliBhed.ito-hiB:: satisfaction,?the ColonelcBtood-before-thej huge mirror and complacently istrokedihisj large - - moustache reflectively for somo? conBiderable time. - At ' the 1 further:: end; of the apartment —there was an old weather-beaten trun-k-Btanding on ; a'chalr.i Torn portions of many labels of divers'; colors ;still adhered to it, -proving that ifc^ had., been a "great traveller i mits/day.; iWhatever might have-been the subject of ; Colonel.de.Boal's .cogitations; : they, evi-' dently had some-.connecting.link with the -valise, for, his thinking fit ended, he produced a key, unlocked-the rcceptacle, and took therefrom some.documents, together , part of an old newspaper.i .-These lie thrust into his doublet. As he : was about to close the trunk a sccond-thought Beemed. to occur to him, for he plunged his hand amongst its miscellaneous - contents; and drew, forth a emall revolver.. : u.w ;;!:S'-Gaston:de;Eoal, ;:you .have existed in? this ibeautiful world /till, you are old-and: grey, but your trust m human nature has not beon improved - by ,;time mon ami. , TrustnooneiB'agorid.maxim.Tliegreat-; :eBt- militarygenLUBof:any-,tlme:truBtedhis; friend Brutua, - and BrutUB i murdered Ccesar. Humph 1 rest there Tny friend tUl wanted|'^he ^continued jn?a: mutteredtone "When ono has "to play with a skilled .gamester at as well to have more'l than-onetrump.tiard f ,to;hand." Wath the~'«ame/ r sneaaured, J soldierly tread,-whichappeflredpart:and-parcel:o£ .ithemany,.heswent,.out;along". thescorridor; Bmilmg:andboiring,w.ithcourtly:grace^to many who had taKen possession of jthe'i grandfBtairca^'tojkisB.ajidflirt^i'andiaB-: cendmg a small flight of stairs^ branching": therefromiSentered^chCTiherisitDate^iial-; '"lnostatthe apex end rot the-'building. The apartment was a sort of retreat or_ smoking room used by Hilton Fernbrookj-i and on that account wa held tnctlj private from <tll iu erusion b thatgentie man e guests Ne vertheless.Hhe GoIoneTL marched in withoi lb ceremony v \ Hilton Fernbro ) lok ^ was „ KsMt^^onmnf ^ a rough chart api out on % table bo ford him -whilej "lmotJi ShaTpe, lus-man, introduced m tie first chapter^of this hi tory as the Fernet, stodd b^f eady \+ It; jy -S cnuipped i if for a. lonfe ourne t. E The latter personage was ^vid^ntt^ lttleimportance mxeas lgnf^^^^^Jlosej wrMbowi cess £lled with-useless;gui%;:t8shing. tackle,-, :&e;: ,: jandi rnade litis exit lihroiigh a-lqw i; doorway behind it. , The master of Fernbrook and his, visitor sat;in_silence for several minutes; after the departure of the-Ferrct. v - "My »on,- I fe'el mquiBitive 'to-night," said the Colonel m hiB blandest tone after.. ilong pause. " I'm - afraid 1 1 have annoyed you by coming here - uneipccted- "ISot at all. Colonel de Roal is quite- •atrliberty iro go where he j: pleasesrhere at .ternbrodk. But what are your -de-; sires ?" \- " What u behind'that screen r T'>- .. ':'. Slothing but old lumber, accumulate^ .the.-LordjJcnows .when orjh&w;:" " And the doorway there is in the re-, •ceBB ?" - . 1 " It leads to a passage, opening to the 1 1 stables below, that-s -all;'' J " Humph ! T-his is -hut a poor, unati ? tractive apartment,:. mon cher. i with 1 so many.afcyour command,: .and .very much snperiorinithfeswayof'embellishmentsj,' ; : Hilton Fernbrook turned and looked full in tho face of his companion. -• This room --suits: .me;"^-ho.responded,- L .slowly. : 1 Hure l :am-.. secure., froni intrusion. \- Come bit,' T lie added more quickly,.,-Wyouvhavenot -sought me in my. den- to:asksilly-::questlons-::attWoo'clock-,; in the morning." " No,' my son, certainly not. By the bye, are you certain that we are free from intrusion 1" •"'Aa%ee as if-we were out -yonder on : -theocean." " Good ! cried the Colonel in his usual smooth voice. '"After all lhave not ccme to tell of.ghost* and goblins, and ot murders done Jit midnight."Neither have -I any secrets, of church or state to unfold at thiB-witching:hour. , dear boy, my sole errand is: -to-: show you a paragraph in an old newspaper, which may possibly interest you." \- " Thank you. What newspapor is it?" " The' Sydney Morning Herald, bearing date of 13th March, 18- ," replied the Colonel. "Twelve months ago." "Exactly." "The newB is certainly stale." " But perhaps none the less interesting for all that. Some kind of information, like old wine; is all the better f«r being old.. Shall I read the paragraph 1" " Do so." ..--.— De Boal drew his chair nearer to the table, on which stood a small perfumed^ lamp Placing h:s gold eye glass with due care and nicety, he pulled forth-the t paper from hiB doublet and began to read. • • '••'•=• •'.- ' Hilton -Fernbrook looked at his companion with a smile, but it was the cold habitual smile of the practical man of the world. Above it the eyes gleamed with a sinister expression of dislike, and the brow frowned o ver the eyes like an over.-, ' hanging thunder cloud. It is now ascertamed beyond a.doubt ? thnt^tUo bom.otMW.cote-"""" = »«"P wi Jiam Castle, en voyage to New Zea- land, was *none other ' .than the /schooner,.! Seagull,/' "which disappeared so myateriously from this port some months ago. It will be remembered that tho Captain of the :" Seagul" engaged a crew of bix men foravoyagetoTongajEijiIslanda. On thewaythecrew-m SkipperaBhoreon/asmallrslandwithin /a'day?aBail of:Hauti, and- .there: left him to hia^fate. By a pure chance Captain Bowls waa discovered and: taken on board : the / S.S. Stormbird a month afterwards,. and brought-on-to'Sydney inore dead than alive after terrible suffering." The reader paused, and looking at his companion, said— -,tr • e . " My sonj what do you' think ofiit ?'. Hilton Fernbrook-Bhrugged his broad : :ahouldersL-!v .-:,yv: " Think of what, Colonel I What interest can l-have -in the , doings j of ssuch wretches ?" :':-..-.. v"Merely for study, dear boy. 1: know; you are fond of describing the motiv,e-,: ;power . which/moves the-criminal jclasBi-. ' Hear this—'- It is known that one of the •mutinous crew engaged by Captain Bowls; of the 'Seagull' -was beyond doubt W noted criminal named "Victor Mauprat, an escapee from Portland:' PriBon,: -England " '•Rumor hath it that this convict is well educated'and of good birth, hiB father being no ; less a, personage 'than jM/ Auguste jde Maupritj Consul at Port* Royal, and hie mother Berth Pierpoint, a Greole-of good family m Jamaica, West Indies. He was sentenced to seven 'iyears' , pBnalsservitude , ifor°fkilhng,a<British,: officer m Sjjme^mbling brawl, and has, r so-far managed to"elude recapture Itis also believed thas another of the crtw /waSiformerlyfMauprat's/man- orvalet^and! who, under the nom de plumepi the 'Ferret ' wps known to ^the'continental police l as'the-most'bnllianl; card-sharper ofthe ' 'Descnptiontof the,, escapees 1 :— '.'Mauprat^ge 'a"bouf 27. tall and gen-J Ue^^c^mage^Jihteryj comfplexiot.VeVdark, but clear.;* Kead.lon^1 hairrbladfcand eu'rl^ foijehWd, high j; Jbladc piercmg^es ^iwell^utlno e^and mouth*j irame, WoSg^builf, hands^; g S i S S p & ^ ^ K S s ^ seasUv- deacUto^thef gerouB criminal '0ne1y0Utare?. , acn.uauM.eu mm, m ue^r ^ernbro#? ^sl^oloSel^tikmg hiB glas&jifrpm; his eyet> ^ ij^j-lt j — "ivfc h^ld^t ^oloriel^dfetEokl ^ 