ITEMS , OF ' NEWS. , The Castlemaine Electric Light Co. (through the commendable energy of Mr" Bond) made another good display with the new and power-; ful illuminiant in Barker street on Saturday night. As on Friday nlight, five arc lamps were burning at the drapery and millinery establish- ment of Mr.J.Bennett, and the season's goods were seen to excellent advantage by a. large and admiring crowd of people.At the photographic studio of Mr Verey, an arc lamp was in opera- tion, and. the, finely-execued, photos were in spected by large numbers of people, all of whom concurred in the opinion that the electric light was by far the superior illumingnant and enabled a batter view to be afforded of 'the articles ex- hibited in shop windows. The arc lamp which Was suspended above, the verandah of Mr Munchin's Council Club Hotel ; undeniably proved' the accuraoy of the assertion made in our issue on Saturday, that for intersectional street lighting, the arc lamps are considerably superior and preferable to the incandescent; system which the Borough Council have resolved upon.' A capital light was thrown from the lamp across Barker and Templeton streets, and the Council would no doubt act wisely in reconsidering tholr determination in regard to the incandescent lamps, which appear to be more suitable for in door illumination. The display made by the Electric Light Co. so far has been highly success- ful, and there is every reason to expect that Mr Bond will continue to carry out the scheme satitfaolurily, The expiration of two months the extetision of time granted by the Council should see the electric wires running in various directions through the borough. Next Friday (Good Friday), Saturday, April 1st,. Monday, April 3rd (Easter -Monday), and the following day, have been gazetted .public and. bank holidays, ' ; r- '-. -. .8H.sa , ; We direct attention to. the advertisumcnt of .the Suri Insuranco Office, whioli line been in 'existeuco for a- considerable .period.. . Mr P... Thbmsbn is the Oaatlerhairio agent ,fdr; thii Fir6 Iiiaiir'ance Company, which is the oldest in the world. s ....... .. , At the meeting held at ' th'ri. 'British Qfioon,- Yaughan, to elect trustees for the cemetery, Or Minotti-'ocoiipied'tlio chiiih Thfirfi" #as » good' attendanoe, and'Mejfari Samutil Williams, David: Thomas and J.- P, Williamii lwqrri. uuanimously elected... : 1 .-. i 7. r.i t.U .<' . " .- TIiB Siiporintorident mf .the Benevolent Asy-v ilum aokriowledges;: tho. reCfiipt. df -a, quantity: I of illustrated . papers and ' Family Heralds.', iffotfl' Aft F. &. Berit'j also' fiffim'-Mrs Shlmmifl- some numbers of tho ' Spectator' and ' Methodist (Chronicle for the' 'use of the' inmates. I /A very old rqaidertt of Mdufit Franklin, in the ! person" of- Mr -W/Gibb, 'died iri'Friday at th'd : age .of, 76.. , He oamo to the district in 1857. arid' I w.Vri' succhssfnl as a' farmer in a:WrttaIl wrty. Sifmo: j 10 or 12 years. ago he sold off his.farm and fnbk' 'a frip:to hla native pltice, GlasgoW, nud upqri hiJ; I return ho took up his abode with his old friorfd;' Mr Dougali. - ; : - ' 1 ' ' .' . ! Last season 15,000 hares were shot by flid members Of tho guri ofuU in - the 'Rodh'esfof. dis trict. Two trappers Are otedited With bAvitig sent away 42 tone weight of rabbits' frorri Elpliinf-' Atone station, all trapped during two morithri of1 last year. . ; . ::'r; Constable Glendoi'tning on Saturday Arrested a mnn giving the ftaine of Jame3 Nold/i upon a charge of passing a vataelecS oheque frir Ll./ The individual oalled at Mr M'GaW'S bqrib'shoj/ in tho Square, and brivirig selected it pair of boots for lis 6d tendeflaid (he oheqtie" i« pAyfliorit thereof.-' Mr M'Qaw gave Nolen:8( 6d rihAuge,' and on presenting the cheque (drawn mV the Bank of' AUstrdlftaia ' Arid eigiied "James M'Donald") at tho bank, discovered that it waq valueless. Information was given to the polioey and Nolen was arrested at Wattlo Fia'. ' - In accordance with the promise mado by'tho' Minister of Mines to the' Ohewton Bbrqugli Councillors, he made an- itispeelion on Saturday morning of the Commissioners' Gully Reservoir:' He left the Cumberland Hntol at tbe early hoiit in tho morning of 6.15. Instead -df -being riief by the Councillors; but one of those and Mr Sparks, junr., turned out at so early-ati hquf tS go to' the dry- rossrvoir.' Tfiey beiioved that thd Minister would not have been visible so soofij so they slumbered and slept. They were some what- surprised; howevgf, whori . they ; lcarried what - Iiad ocourred, and that: Mr. M'Ooll had driven back rb CaStlemairie in time for break fast at the : Cumberland Hotel.- After this, ao- companied, by Mr Gordon, M.P.. and the Sec-: retary of Mines, he drove to the Foundry, which he": was shown over, arid from that he was d riven: to the qoarries tit Barker's Creek. He quite" enjoyed the trip, and was greatly" pleased at seed ing the granite And the work going on at Mr Blight's.. After seeing ro'uoh at Harcqurt to in terest Hiin, he then took the train to Bendigo. ;.- At a special meeting of the Maryborough Police Court held on Thursday, two Chinese named See Tol and Chung Lung were brought up on a charge of larceny, preferred against them by a fellow countryman named Ah Lung. Mr'Tuthill, of Ballarnt, appeared for the prose cutor, and Mr Cornish, of Oastlemaine, for the 'accused. The case arose out ", of a gambling transaction whioh occurred in the Chinese camp, ;Marybornugb, on Christmas Eve,, complainant stating that he had: been robbed by the" defen dants of the siim of L46 8s Od. The case occu pied 6vo hours; and the court was crowded with Chinese" during the whole of the time. The 'e'viderioo war very complicating, but the Befloh were unanimously of opinion that a 'prima faoie' case had been made out, and tho accused were,- oommitted -for trial at the Supreme Court to be held at Maryborough off the 11th May. The amount of profit realised by publicans on the s41e of beer and spirits has frequently :fur- niehe'd matter for argument between the bonrt and .counsel representing the hotel keepers whose licenses are. annulled. The Maimabury viotutllers all claim (says' the ' Observer ') that; they make the very handsome profit of 160 per. cent. The question oam'e rip again " nn Friday when the oase of tho licensee of the Racecourse Hotel was before the arbitration court. : It'wRs claimed by the licensee that hie" profit was Ant lees than 160 per cent., arid he "enlightened the! court in rogard to tbe matter. Beer, he said,' cost blm Is 4d per gallon, and, on' the average, he sold it at sixpence per -pint. Further, he! eaid," l)B:bnught gin lit'os 31 p'or bqttje", Arid /that! the hpttle produced 34 flobhlofs'; or/iWs.'. JHe' also said that he_gqb 30 nobblers out of a bottle; of whiaky, or Ipi in return for an. outlay. of 4?.; "Then," said Mr Vale, "You're an old skin flint." .. Mr RaHiVsnn : " That's more ithan 150! por cent.'.' Mr Vale : " He ought to go fo 500 per cent., and one is as believable as the other."; Mr Daniels, the. valuator for. the publioan, said that byAxnerimeflt hq/ bafl fnu a';bfl?tle of: Marfql) s .hrandy/iyiiuld . yield .15" average nob-' biers and! five "stiff " o'nos ; arid that-1 :20- nob-! biers from a bottle of. whisky was a:fair, average, i Mr Valo' h'olds thAc the proflt: on' drinks' is not: more than :100 per cent. i,U V'ffflTAsf j A fire br'olre oilt At Ballarat 'on Saturday in! Bradford's furnitiire'shiipi iri! jStiurt-strsnt.. The workshop at thq'baok was completely destroyed,! and horses and oows: in the' .sta'bloS vwarql Caved j with great 'difficulty. The contents -of the work-! shop were insrited ifl thAIffipiriarfor L400, but i the building is- .uuinsurpd".-: .' . V:V'-.V V\ !v,\ The following arq the partiqujars of specie shipped per Massilia .on- Saturday : — For Bom bay— Three-boxes sovereigns. value L15,000,'ao- count Comptoir National d'Escnmpte d ' Paris. Fp_r Lendqn-LOnq box sovereigns, valuo L5000. ncoourit Messrs. MAssey and Co..- and one box sovereigns value L6000, n'cooririf Gaorgo Withers, Sunerintondent '! P and ' O 'S.N. ' Off, Total, L25.000. : :" A fatal buggy accident qcciirVed on Friday to Mr Arcbibijd F|etchor, acting-enginqor- to tho Stawell Sliire Couneil. .The catastrophe hap pened near Symewari in attendance As quickly/ liglpoisible, but at opfl'c foi/rid f h'oVo' was'fl'o hope'! of. His sur vival,- his neck being broken. - \ '.j Barnard Q'uinn: was killed on Friday at Willis' quarry, Richmond, by an explosion' of dynamite. He had just charged a hols with the' explosive when (ho Hla'st wcrif off. Both -his .bands were blow 6 a way, his chest (fas' smaehed,' art'd be was hurie'd undor the debm disfoefged by th'e ex plosion.. . What is believed by soflic-medical men' to be a oase of small-pox has, - appeared in the. Colonial Hospital at Perth, in th'o person of ii Cingalese patient. The Solonlal surgeon considers it to be a case of meaales, but every .Banita'ry precau tion will be lake. The . Melbourne Tramway Company have agreed to reinstate the 18 men whom they dis missed for " agitating " for the formation of an association amongst the employes. Mining accidents— fatal, serious, and trivial — have been alarmingly frequent of late. No fewer than 27 members of tho Bondigo branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Assciation have been deolared 'on the accident list during tho past fortnight. This far oxcoeds the average number, and is tho highest number on record for so short s time.- In nil thero are now 55 members (out of a total of less than 2500 mem bers) on tho accident pay list. The Government has practically (says tho ' Age') decided to increase tho percentage re ductions in tho salaries of public servants. An erroneous' report has bnon circulated that Ministers had agreed to a reduction for tho next financial year of 12J per cent, on all salaries over L600, in addition to the 7 J per cent reduc tion prerioqaly p»ade. Trie f»ot (1 tbnt the j . r- 1; 1 -t ;;; exialiHg 'hilduction will ceaso ori' th e. 30th tiudB.! rioxt, and In the absence of f iRtherTogulanorffi: the for/dk rate of payment would be revived. Any percentage reduction tboroforo that may n»w be introduced etand:-. by. itself;- and. will ,will t not be; affeqtod- by. that, now , in-;, force. \- Another (jdietioti whitK romalus lb be settled in Cabinet is wlietlior tho 24 por canr._reduq.tioq. should extoiid to' salaries below Li50, 8UmS"0f -tbe -Ministers-; being of opinion,that-it. might.be ttkbh. ftiuch iowot) without injustice,; 4s, iri ttto clerical division of tile service tho great majority df clerks-,' whose salary, . iri" under. L150 Are uu- marritd; ahd cnri'skqritiutly they tvo.iild'fldfc really suffer by a reduation bo muoli as men on doublo the salary- : 'who i have 7tb ! s"iipphrt wivea> and famllihSibid ! 1>: (!.- 1 .'lie .<«-.( .. : /ThSBalla'rat niilitia will hold an etifaampment nt Easter on aimilarjinos to that held .last year.: Thb 'bstfolion wilt pariderit tho Orderly-rifattf on Good Friday morning and mar'oh tbBurrum-i beet,. where tbey will remain.for two days. . The men" will sdhsequ'britly he' ma'tdhed' to Lsar; month, , arid ' they; will dtaft on tholr hbriowArd; march o'nf Eagior Monday, stopping bSu-iv'oy at; thq Dowliflji Foreat racaoourso. )/' .; Dufirig.lrtit bio'nth 6Cf63.pdrspri8 left the colony by Seit/'rin rigairist' 5280 ' who arrived/ '1 Of tlitt former,' 2509 wont.to Now Soutli WaleS, 121 to' Queensland, 744 id' South. Australia,! 312 . to WoSt brti AUstr/itia, 1380 to T,rBrrianii(, 994/ tfr New, Zealand, 295. to England, and 152. IA o'tlibt' ports.-''' '.'/' . , rhe liing continued drought, which hari lasted elric'd Christinas time, ib being ' seybtrily felt throughout the' northern districts: ' ' The .SM tiers in' thri malice obunti-y abbut Sivkri; Hill' Aro carting water for lorig diBtarice3, and iri aorri 0. iriltarices triams of' rix/and/dight/IioVses-' arb employed at this (fork./. .' j // ... v';/' ' ' Thero rfre no fewor llitiri riii, divorce '.s.bitA;t6 bo, heard at thri/eittiiig of' the Su(ifemri Court ifl Ballarat; Which' ' oovriirifcn'dda ,6u tlic ;20in April, , /;/ V" 'H ' It has- been' attited' that' It wari' likoly- thar teachers in cliargo of tempofiivy.b' unclassified schools would be diilldd ripoii tu .'r'blir'cl, Arid' there is .now every probability of' tliia bqifig"d(iiie.; Tlioro are upwards of 350 of tliese teaihers.'snd they receive ori 'ah iiyordgo tibbuf 'L100 ! prir dririumV It is' thought Ihit About' 200 od 250 rif them will be called upon to. rotiro qitbfir ari th'ri end. of May or Ju'rie flext! 1 Thriir plaods '-Will 'be ffikeri by -pupil o'r juniorAesistiint 'teaohers;'who receive ices salary. In consequence of: the' amalgamation and closing of sdluiols, there is just now a surplus of 180 pupil teaoliBis, ai/cl the-'riumbar will- bfi added to by the ' further amalgarnatioti of schools which i.t'iiqw uudt't" I ho ebrieidorof iou of t ho -Ministry: . Tiio tenchera ill charge of tho unclassified schools can' bd ciillsu Upon.to-retire on a monLh's notice, nnddia'vb-'no claim to componsalion. It is expected rhstA' saving of about L25,000 a y t»r fiif ri - be'- 'cffi'ct etf by their retirenVerit.' Tha Miiiistcr Ims alsbtrl contemplation - t he r (rising - of : tho :»g'e at 'which' children would be admitted iuto schools from' 4J to 5 years, and charging a small fee for. those at- tending school over 13 years'- of 'ago; "'-The' fee woUl d probably not exceed 34 n;week,' an'd' would not, it is considered, be felt by parents." This is a matter, however, which must, be determined by the Cabinet. _ The Public - Service' Boafd ' has ! prepared a oqmprehenstve Aribemb'-'bf amalgamation for th'e consideration of 'the Cabinet.!' It? propo'ses that the ' .Water 'Supply D'efiarf iflent; - formerly at-; tached fo " The M.in'es," '-'but .qroated. - info/ a; separata division 'd uring Mr D'eikih'i fpnure',- should be joined .to the Poblio .. Works Driparf-' 'moot"; that the Health Dcpaftmeut', !formed._on the passing of the Health Act, should beojome an adjuuet of the Chief Secretary's 'Department, with which -it: was!! previously ,,,counected ; and that_ the Department of Agriculture, also of recent' .growth, . should be .merged again into that of ; tiio Lands - Department. Tho: board also' ' proposes that there should be a sixth class in " the publio service;' 'The lowrfst ' class' At pr'esB'rit is the fifth and "the minimum salary is fixed at' L80 a year rinA'the maximum at L200.! Between L80 and.LlOO the annual, incrementa are L10, arid after .LlOO they, are- at the: rate of L20 a/year/ If ie' con sidered (says tho ' Argus '.) that youths entering the Service, advance': too rapidly in: salary com pared with the salaries "given in- banks and mercantile qsfablishments:' The Board-' there- fore' suggost that" the / minimum sala'ry for/the sixth class "should 'be L60;/nnd tho ' maximum L120,_the iuoroments not to exce'ed L10n'a' year. The board, also proposes ! th':it a ./coneiderablo saving might bo made in the exponditufe of the Post-office by discpiifiriuing' one delivery of lettersTn" the city.'daily. 7 770'iA ifj'/p?! The rovenue for tbe week - ending with the 21it iiisb.-; uuliku the returns pf-tbo two pre vious weekly sfiowrf'a d/q'rease/ /compared with tho a m o u 1 1 t" r cp e i y ed -. d ur i n g the corrospondiug week of last year. The decrease amounts to L29.148, but , it is largely Bttributable to the fact 1 bat during last woek only L1257 was re- ceive'd" in 'duties ' ori; the'! eBtaio's "o'fTde'qelised perspfls/j wjiiloj ;in. ,thej cofrespori'din'gi jybi'k of 1892 the unusually laio sum of L16.123 was col lected. In, the . Customs Department, the revqnua /'received last ; week' was 1?13;523 .less than/that collected in ihe. third .iveek pf MArch in 1892. Th'iri./deofease .is/, priucipally'/ bqrifined to afficlbs subjqct/ to/ ' ad' -vrilprem and fixed duties and .to spirits, In,/ the railway rovoiiue there is also a diminution of over LlO.lOQO; oora- paring that received last- week with thn corres- ponding.weok pf,1892.,, ,Qn. tho, other hand, the territorial revenue showq;nh inqreaso; of X6500. The Ttsdoa' Hrtll; Cri'uiicil iii'tends . (says' the ' AreU8,,,)-/t.p;|de'yqt1ij,tftp! lasti'. remnariis of' its vitalify,' tb a'iiew la'lfo'tfr/efusado. At the yyeekly meotiug on Friday the vice president, JMf.Pfen- dergist-;- iiitrpduced' 'a/rssolutio'ri' to' the "effect that/dbp'ufRfiqn's should' ho' frirmed to wait upon the rriprriieiifafiVes of t.h.e rflunioip-il bodies and the Metropqli'tan! Board of IV'oika, and ... urge thoni to insist on the trades union/ rate of- wages being paid for all labour employed either by the day or by. contract? - In defenco of -his position Mr Erendergast quoted the : sohqiuc laid - down by the -London , County Ooun'oil,' - who' have in sisted on tho payment of uniou rates iii ' all con tracts, and have impe-eed-severo penalties for any bfeaflh':qf this rUlo;'' If the- attempt1 to in- trodtfcO'/ a/ similar -ech'pme ' in Aust'ralia!''provod Buccrissfuftfib'rewouldu'o longer "be any 'neces sity for legislation against subletting or'swoafing. Mr RrendergaePs sohenie/tnet with, the greatest approval, ;thq;/br)Iy,'- qbjeptpf - bbing ",Mr- J.; J. Campbell, who, faithful tnbis ropbtation as /the unconscious humorist of an- assembly where nil the hurnbur ia of .'the- unoonscious type,- main tained thnt tho reaolutianiw'duld divert a'tfention from the real point 'at-issuo, which was that everyemployor should he bompelfod to'pay.such wages as would enable thfl married workers" to mainfaiu their households in comfort, und. tho eingfb. mofi to ,'lay by .till t hey could forrrif a hourfeHoidi and 'that rimployara arid employes abko who did not conform to this airangoinont should bo sent to gaol. Tho propniitiou Jvns greeted with loud laughter, and tho resolution was unanimously adopted.' ' ' The population of Weatorn Australia, though admirable in quality, is bolievod by exports to be capable of improvoment in tho mactor of num bers, and it is hold in influential quarters that the colony offdrs great attraction for young females sorvants, who may in time aeo fit to bo married and thus advance tho interests of their now home. In nccordanoo with this view, 54 young womon, with morals as unimpeachable as their hardy constitution!?, wore brought out by arrangement with the Gqvernnient of Western Australia by tho steamer Gulf of Tnrahto, which has arrived in Molbom-no. The steamer sailed on January 25th, but thb first real pangs of parting ware not felt until the 27th, when sho was off U-itiant in a heavy S. W. galo. It was sad, of course, to leave England, but the omig- grants' farowell was still further embittered by the sight of four dozen fowls and several sheep disappearing overboard in a huge wave, which swallowed a considerable portion of the fresh ftiii fejUofMri/wibli at ono fell gfilp. TKS waris brdke on board .without oere- mony, and did a good uflal " of/, proiniacuoua dnmago before ruthlessly oarrying off tho very bathrooms:wbich:liHdrbBOti: erected -for- tho_UBO of thoso 54 by this time most unhappy young, women. After a little tho weather cleared, Ibut' Jator on the.Gult.of Toronto ran -into a .cyclone, 'find Hie devoted Band of domestic servants liad to put upiwith- revolving sqiiallsiaufl wdiqrspouts 700ft high, before which the torrors of the nur- scryand the washing day paled into insignificance. The emigrants wore ail lundod safely at Fra- mantle;-.'. together with their wafohfiil , clueiifia, iio.t.'iinapprq'pT|ately named Miss Mutik. ; The vintage' at Alliury Is.iipw in full swing in thqt .district, . Owing to/ the, prolonged dry weather 'iKs ' otop is" ligbt, .Knf thn must is vory str.qpg, -ranging frqm.ll;22, to, 11;. 40specifio gravity? "there is b,.fairi crop of r.Raisling,, Tokay, and Hermitage, . but . Muapatoi,) ..whioh_ ia always projudiaialiy.'offeclcd hy. dry SSsaons, is gonorally short?! . Fertriorildtloh .by lrivures 'iS being' tried nt tho Murray Valloy vineyard for the first time With' 'Burgtiridy ahd Herfnitrig'e, _ Rsleliog and ; White Sfiiraz are also to bfitfxpqrimeuted upon. 'THeW1 W no ' riifidsrfce rif pfdeipitstion arid frir-' ; mentation, but i( is coDsidririd ,that the effept of the/irifibductihi'i "of :lcvuro3 will not bri appai'ont until aftiir 'ferni'siilatihn', which, it is said, will be i more thorough and absorbing. .- r< ;r .- Tbe -extent to wl)ioh;religions, excitement may : carry psoplo was (according to ihe-' Wimmura Star') illuitroied by a- oaae at ?jhe Horsh?im Hospit'nl.' ft day or twri back?'-! A nicmber of tbo Srivutiori Army drove'iip ;to thq'.institutidn wilji bis Wife/ and Alas mot -fit -iho dorir'-' By; thri officials, who inquired lis 'fo; his businoss there, lie stated- He (hinted, his /w'ifq'/ndmitted fq the lrpitdl; as slid waft (jiiig/fft/pivti birrH'to two Jesus Ohrists that night. Ho/was iufornied. that such cases w.ere-iiot admitted to the instiuitjqii, and that he would have" Id obtaiii an q'rie/r/frpm some ono before!, they cou|d hay.o anything tq do with it. ...He then wont away and . obtained An ordqr .for, admission, and:. returned. His .nafne had thcri' Jo bo entered in Iho books. Whisu fli/ked -what it' was and what -fatuity lie -had; lie said that bis natrio was Jouus phriBt, and that hp Hid- tori 'young /ilihciples tif Ohris1--, arid 'that- 'He ivbuId vo'dHo rrip'tes tliat rijglit, which would makVtliri twefvo' diilcifflris; 'inA thfttvth'ri-'Holy Ghost would bp, present at ihri.birth of the lat ter that nighri //His right name, , however, 'iros rib- tuinad and. entered in/'.Ahii./,rigriar'riihMfr'1;|He qiimq fro/iii/a distance. It is tbriughflbat he waq somewhat deranged?' : 