THE MYSTERY OF KARIM MIIIRSKA. ClIAl-TEIt I. Tho first timo that any one in Florence hoard or saw tho name of Donimirska was one afternoon in February, 1878, at the house of Mme, do Montrieu. A letter and card were handed Madame by a punotilbus footman who awaited orders like a wax figure. Madame was in her aalon Bur rounded by a few intimoa—somo fascinating ladies and as many gentlemen to bo fasoinatod. After glancing at the card Madame tossed it to hor cousin, Lucille do Fayette, with the obaorvation, on passant, “Pretty name, n*ost co pas?'* Then she opened tho letter, whioh was from ft dis tant and distinguished acquaintance in Mos cow. It was a polite letter of introduction presenting the sisters Kathorino and Karina Donimirska, “ both musicians of the rarest attainments, Mile. Katherine being aa fine a pianist as her sister ia a singer. The writer rocommenda them to Madame's considerate attention and presents his cordial suluta tions,‘, etc. “A pair ot prodigies—how charming !” exclaimed Madamo de Montrieu, aftor read ing the note aloud. “ A veritable novelty for my reooption next week. Who brought the letter ?” she asked the footman, who was still waiting. “ A young lady. She is in tha reception “ Oh—sheoallsftt once,” observed Madame. 11 Quite unconventional, but exausable, Iauu pOBe, with artists. Show her to tho salon.*' Tho sorvant withdrew and his roturn was awaited with bo mo curiosity. After a few minutes “ Mile. Donimirska*' was announced, the portioro was drawn aside and a young girl ontored alono and rather timidly. She had loft her hat and mantle in the ante* room, whioh proceeding was as quaintly un conventional us tho call itself. If she hod done this for effect it was certainly well planned, for her appoaranoo ao she stood be foro tho light and bright silk draperies at the door was surprising—ia faot, startling. Her gown was black, her hair was black and hor ejos wore blaok. In contrast to this, the flesh of herfacoand hands was white ana fine as a lily. Sho woro her heavy hair with out curl or wavo, parted in tho middle and drawn loosely over tho brow baok to the nape of the nook, where it wub hold in a Grecian coil. Her gown was of eutin and fitted to porfootion, but was absolutely devoid of trimming. Milo. Donimireka advanced to wards the hostess, who arose and greeted her in Froneh, whioh language tho girl spoko fluently. “ Artists aro always moat weloome in our salon,” Madame averrod with much gracious Aftor her visitor was seated, and they had exchanged a few general and courteous re marks the conversation bee am o more personal. “ Will you appoar in Florence pro fessionally ?” 41 Yes, Madame, that is the object of our viait to Italy. My sister ia still singing in Russia, but I come on in advance to prepare tho way, as it were, for hor coming.” These words were spoken with a pleasant smilo and an air of confidence. “ Then I infor wo see before us the pianisto,” suggested M.do Fayette (“Lucille’s husband,” as he was generally designated in tho Balon). ” Yes, Monsieur,” ahoroplied, without any furthor comment. “Will your sister soon follow you?” en quired Madame, who had quickly seized on to the plan of having this pair of prodigios at her reception. 14 Oh, yea. I oxpeother in a few days.” 41 If she in any way resembles her sister, wo Bhall bo vory happy to make her wel come,” assorted the hoBtess cordially. Milo. Donimireka smiled amusedly on hearing this, and then explained 44 In that cose Karina’s welcome is as sured, for wo resemble each other very much. My sister and I are twins, yon know.” 41 Oh, indeed, how interesting !” they all exclaimed. Mme. do Montrieu was do lighted. 44 You dear child; and to think you are both so gif ted, how oharming it must bo to see and hear you together.” “ Well, I don't know about that. Ivarina does sing wonderfully, but I only play.”» “But how does Mile, Katherine play ? May we not have an opportunity of judging ?”again suggested M. de layette. “Certainly, if you wish it. What shall I play V9 was the prompt reply, and abo im mediately went to the piano. “Do you know tho Rhapsody F” asked one complacent dowager in languid, aristocratic tones. “Yes, Madame, I know several; which ono do you wish ?” “Oh, of course I moan Liszt's. My daughter plays it,'* she answered with a Belf-saUsfiod manner. “But Liszt has composed fifteen rhap sodies.** As tho Dowager seemed unable to make her request inoro definite, Mme. do Fayette spoko up. 44 Oh, do give us Greig’s spring song. It is auoh a favorito of mine, although, of oourao, it is only a trifle. I heard Plante at his last concert fairly fling it from his fingers liko a feather.” This last scntenco was addressed more to tho room than tho pianist, and convoyed the impression that Mmo. do Fayette knew exaotlyhow tho piece should be rendered1 But they Boon forgot Plante and everything else. Mile. Donimiraka’a pluyiQg was tTo hoautiful that her liatonera .wore carried away. She aoemod to ho describing rather than performing thia idyllic aong of ipring. Faint and faraway aa an .evening zophyr are tho firat tones which glide from tno right hand. They tremble and vibrate like flutter ing leaves—a movement which continues throughout tho firat part, while constantly weaving in the most weird and fantastic har monies. But this is only an accompani ment to the tender, hell-like molody which tho left hand carries. While by no means slow in tempo, there iB yet something languorous and amorous about thia molody, and it ia borno upon tho accom paniment like the perfumo of flowera upon tho breeze. Tho second part is more aombre —a rift of clouds across the moon, a touoh of ohillncas to the atmoaphoro. But it is soon ovor, and the mellow brightness again bursts forth moro glorious than before. Tho melody is now uppermost, and ia light and fauoiful aa gossamer. Tho breezo has subsided, thore is only a shadowy accompaniment in tho left hand and everything eeome white and still. The wholo piooo iB otherealas a vision. Scarcely had Uio last tono-wavo subsided when a Hhort, thick-sot, square- faced, tinely dressod man appeared at tho portiere. 44 Ah ! It ia a lady 1 Bravo ! Bravo ! I always applaud the'ladies.” This was said with a smilo which was supposed to bo gallant. 41 Bon jour, mesdamea and ma choro hostess.” Ho kissed Mmo. do Monition's jowollod fingers, and all things indicated that ho waB a familiar guest of this salon. Every ono greetod him smilingly. 4 4 Wo hardly dared hope to gee Count d’Oinar to-day, but you see, blessed are they who expect nothing ! ** exclaimed his hostess brightly. “ But what is this I hear on entering— classical music instead of tho latest gossip ! Quite an innovation, to bo suro.” “ Oh, yes—allow mo to present you to to Milo. Donirairska.” Milo. Donimireka bowed from her place at the piano. A strange pallor had crossed her face when tho Count entered, and ttiero camo to her face a look of dofianco. M. do Fayette observed this and thought it was caused by tho Counts firHt flippant remark, which so glaringly revealed his lack of musical appre ciation. ‘‘Alwayshappy to moot a musician,” af firmed tho Count as ho acknowledged tho in troduction. 44 Can’t you give us something else, Mademoiselle, something gay and lively —a good, rousing valeo? Do you play any danoo musio P ” “ Oh, yea, MonBieur; I can give you a danoo," and before there was timo for another remark or question she turned to the instru ment and played a prelude of twelve weird and solemn notes like the strokes of a bell. Then she leaned forward with moro tension and began to jerk and snatch from tho,piano a ragged, rattling valse theme, angular and spasmodic) in character. “ Le diablo ! What do yon call that pmco?” asked the Count, iu un aside, of Mmo. de Fayette. “ Your exclamation is apropo?,” was the ready response. “ It is tho * Dance of Death,’ by Saint Saens.” The Count mentally decided never to start that girl on another valso. As a musical description of midnight, ghostly revelry this “ Dance Macabre ” has probably nevor been surpassed. It presents a vision of skeletons, demons and ghosts capering around open graves. The skeleton thome is always - qpnuing and chattering, but the ghoBt dunce is gruesome and Btealtby, but never slow, they are all too hurried—the time is short from 12 to 1. And then you hoar them shriek and soream, and thoy chase oach other around the damp churchyard. Katherine's fingors themselves seemed to bo demons racing over a graveyard full of white slabs and black monuments. But finally the dancers shufllo to their graves, the last belated skeleton hurries to his place and the clock strikes 1. Asido from tho wonder it aroused Kathe rine’s playing awakened a strange interest in herself. But thero was little opportunity on this occasion for further acquaintance, aa sho soon and very abruptly aroBo to go. When sho touohed Mine, do Montrieu’s hand at parting that lady said, “ By the way,t mu ohere, if you have come hore profession ally it will bo well, you know, for you to ! moot some of our influential people ; of course the most select of that nurabor you have already met,” and she smiled prettily towards her other guosts. “ But next Wednesday I give a large reception. You may bring your sister then, and I will introdneo you to many of my friondR.,, Tiius tho clover, social taofc of Mmo. do Montriou construed a favor desired into a favor conferred. Tho Russian girl thanked Madame “ extremely,’’ ana after bowing a general udicu retired. “Funny little blaok thing, isn’t sho ?” re marked the Count. Chapter II. Mme. do Montriou’a salons lookod very beautiful when deooraled and thrown open for a reception. Thuro wero the two grand salons and a small one, tho rausio- room and conservatoire, all illuminated with innumer able wax candles and porfumod by countless flowers, and Madame herself looked charming in her Paris gown of pale green velvet, em broidered with dainty moss roses. But Madamo was not happy It was that last uucomfortable half hour when the rooms are yet empty, but tho hoBtoss must bo tfcero ready to make welcome the unfortunate first comor—the hour when tho Buddon “rogrota” from tbo most important guests are liable to arriyo, and above all it is the hour when you are just weary enough to imagino all the mishaps whioh oould mar this, your pet re ception of tho season. But Madame’s un hnppineFB at present waa not puroly imagin ary—tho usual suddon rogrothad arrived. “Now, who is it?” sho exclaimed, with irritation, as sho opened the envolopo. “If( it’s the English Embassy I shall be furious I”' It was not from tho Embassy, but Madamo was nevertheless very much annoyed. “ It’s from that little Russian pianist— that is always tho way with professionals— you never can count on thorn !** “ What is tho matter with her ?” asked Mme, do Fayetto, who stood before one of the mirrors readjusting for tho sixth time tho diamond orescent in her hair. “Oh sick, of courso! Thoy aro always * indisposed’ at the last momont.” But is tho sister also ill ? Did she arrivo yesterday aa expected?” persisted Lucille. “ Yes, the 6istor i* coming,” Madame re plied more placidly as she read the note. “Hor name is Karina, I must not forgot it. But what do I want with one of thorn ? The novelty waa in having twins—twin- prodigios ! I can always find plenty of siugors. Who knows whether this Karina even sings well, and besides thoro is no tolling how sho will appear and act—she may be riduculoua !” But Madame’s expostulations were inter rupted by ttie'sound of carriage wheols out side and voices in the halls. The reception' had commenced. Madame was smiling and graoious; everyone was smil ing and gracious. Tho rooms were soon bril liant and glittering with gorgeous costumes and many jewels. Mme. do Montriou was a hoatces ot admirablo tact and quick percep tions. Sho could take in at a glance tho amount of conversational ability at the com mand of evory group in a room. Sho knew how to rout or disperse tho young mon who happened to bo wasting their entertaining talents on each other. It was a stupid per son iudecd who ever loft Mmo. de Montrieu’a Balon with a consciousness of having ap peared to disadvantage. She always drew out tho beat qualities of eaah person—a creator gift this than many accomplishments. It was over an hour since the first guost bad arrived. Tho English Embassy had come iu full forco; tho most distinguished par sonages wore alroady there—oven Count d’Omar, who was oxpocted lato, had arrived, smiling and decorated with Russian ordors. As Madame was passing her cousin at one side of tho room she murmured hastily : “ Will you believe it, that singer has not come yet ! Sho is evidently planning to arrive lato and mako a sensation, I know something will happen to mortify mo—things aro going too smoothly bo far.“ ** Porhapa that is aho now,” replied her oouaiu, and Madamo went forward to meet tho now arrival. Karina Douimirska it was indeed, and Mmcde Montriou certainly experienced a sur prise, but not Buch os sho had feared. MUo. Donimiraka ontered tho room liko a queen, and lookod liko one. Thero was in her bearing no trace of tbo timidity and lack of sooial experience whioh was observable in tho sister. But in form and feature their re semblance was quite marked. ,li eeo .Mmo. do Aiontrien is not oortain whether it is I or my Bister," she observed with an amused smile. But a society woman never reveals much surprise. 44 No. I think I should have known you apart, although the likeness is very striking. But, you see, X find it difficult to greet you as ono whom I moot for tho first time. It seems as if I know you well,” and Mudame verified her words by clasping Kama’s hand cordi ** Then, Mauame, I havo reason to very , thankful for the resemblance I hoar to Katherine.’’ Karina bowed as gracefully as Bho Bpoke. Mmo. do Montriou’s welcome was genuine; indood any hostess might be proud ot Karina I Douimirska ub Bho appeared that afternoon. Hor costume was superb. It wub of white satin, not croam white, but a snowy, daz zling white, and this was riohly embroidered with gold. But the groat effect and beauty of the coatumo was itg trimming of Russian sablo, a broad band of which outlinod train and also tho low-cut bodice. Tho dark fur against her splendid white ehouldera formed a striking contrast. Her hair was dark like Katherino’e, but was dreHaed more elabo rately, being drawn high and held in place by a gold dagger. Hor eyes were uIbo dark, but somewhat concealed by dainty gold eye glasses, which did not wobblo or lean to ono eido, hut stood erect and firm on hor well shaped nose. Sho wore no jewel, excepting ono singlo poarl ring of immouee size. Such was tho creature towards whom Mine, do Mon trie u had so recently harbored uu* generous aentimontfl. No wonder she was surprised and almost disconcerted at tho first sight. But her manner was now gracious nous itself. “And your sister, ia she very ill? I ao regret her absence.” 44 Yes, Madame, I must confess that only a severe indisposition could havo induoed Katherine to forego tho privilege you havo ao kindly oxtondod to ub. I would not havo left her, but she inflated on my coming.,’ 141 am very glad of this,” roplied Madame, honestly; <4it would have been too bad to loso both of you,” .After ft few further polito inquirioa about Milo. Katherine, ihe hostess summoned the nearest standing cavalior and presented him. This happened to bo Count d’Omar, who had been observing tho new beauty over ainoe her entrance. 44 But I believe we need no introduction—is it not the charming pianist whom I had the honor of hearing last week?” He felt somewhat relieved when informed of his mistake, ft* la point of fact tha “ oharraing piauisto” had uot attracted him, whereas this gorgoous creature commanded unqualified admiration, and it was cratifying to learn that ho nted not undo any first im prespiouft in order to now pay his devoted attentions. And devoted ho certainly was from the first moment to the last of their intercourse. Whether Milo. Donimirska was pleased with, his attentions or not it was difficult t* judge, hat certain it is that she permitted them, oven to the , chagrin of, other admirers who wero apparently more desir able and suitable than the Count. Some may havo wondered, but none understood why tbo square- faced, small-eyod, more than middle-aged and dienipated Count was fav ored by suoh a beautiful and brilliant woman as Karina Donimiraka. * When Bhe sang all hearts were captivated. Sorao voices make you think of things grand and noble, like cathedrals and historio cae tioB, others call up visions of the dainty and exquisite, like jewels and flowers, but this voice made you think pre-eminently Mid always of a bird. The quality was light and swoctand high, and her art was so .perfect that every noto came withbewildering ease. “Patti micht well envy you,*’ exclaimed the Count with more fervor tnan understand As an artist, Milo Donimirska could cer tainly take the highest rank—Baales, arpeggi, stacatti and trills wore all rendered with equal facility. “ VVhere did y ou study ? Who was your master?” inquired Mme. do Montrieu, in eostaoies. ■ “My father, Madame, • tauftht ua . every - “Ho must he a wonderful musiofen.” “He was, Madame, but we have no father now.” There was a ring of bitterness aa well as grief in her tonos, bun Madame only heard the words. (To be Continued.) 