A Black Ghost Story. Peculiar Incidents. Sir ltichard Owen had two remarkable ghost stories, and one of those, perhaps the better of tho two, is related by a Daily JTews coi respondent. In his early days, when surgeon of the prison at. Lancaster, a negro died theroin. After tlm inmifuJ; fliA vnnno Riirrmmi «nw tlm body put into the coflin and the lid screwed down, to bo ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at tho time been already attracted to tho study 1 of comparative anatomy, and negroes' hoads woro not plentiful ; so ho mado up his mind, that this ono should not bo lost to tho cause of scionoo. In tho evening ho returned to tho prison with n black bag containing a brick — from his official position lie had uo difficulty in getting admittance to the mortuary, where the coffin lid was unscrewed and screwed down again. During this pro cess tho brick aud tho negro's bend changed places. The ground outside tho principal entrance to tho gaol had a considerable descent; and tho tiino being winter, with snow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when lie slipped aud fell all his length — tho bag went from his hand, and the head tumbled out and rolled down the paved way. Ho jumped up, caught tho bag, and following tho head elutehod it just as it finished its career iu a small shop whore tobacco wiis add. Pushing it into tho bag again, ho vanished out of the shop with all tho speed ho was capable of. Next morn ing, wlio i Owen was going to his usual duties at tho prison, lie was called in by tho woman at the shop whore tho acci dent had occurred on tho m-ovinna evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was vory ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night beforo lliat caused him to look wild and dazod-liko. The man, it turned out, was a retire I sea captain, who had been in many ad ventures among tho West India Islands, when deeds woro dono that did not at that tiino roquirc to bo accounted for. Among tlio.se had boon tho killing of a negro in which ho hud a hand, and tho transaction had loft, a touch of troublo 011 bis c nseionce. After giving those details the old captain told of tlio lior- riblo event that took place the night before. He was silting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that lie had been Blinking of the negro, when sud denly lie saw his very head roll into tlio shop in fioot, of tlm counter, and it was followed by the devil, all in black, with a black bag in li iu band. Tlio devil snatched up tho head, and hot li disup- I | poured through tlio earth like a flash of | lightning. Tlio description was perhaps ' not quilo complimentary to the young anatomist, but it was satisfactory so far that it showed that his identity had not been recognised, 