EYRE'S ACQUITTAL By RELEK MATHERS. PART II. I CHA'FTER VI.— continued. i ' Perhaps,' she said, a little sadly/ ' for long Ago 1 fonnd one for Dotme — the pold»cresled wrpn, \rho will not mingle with crowds, hut holds aloof in fields nnd woods, and starves because he -;a» 6nflVr, but CBDDot brook pitv. . » . . Then there is the crow,' she snid, in a bri^ltlt-r tone, * who ewagKm in Wfl'k, Colonel Bn&UyV; double ; und live da« is Mr. Bosby, with miiy hnlf bis walk (be would nerer permit moro); ami the magpies ond jaws, who beat lbe air with tb#»ir wings, yel tnak' no dispaich, ore like ? * 'Me?' be said, 'for I have practically stood still ihcsft twelve years ? — — * 4 Foolish persons with wenk w\\\W* said the young lecturer, frowniug; for by now «he had, got into the twing of her own voice, and sincerely loveii its sound. * And a blue titmousp/ she continued, perched ou the head of & unn/lowur, de vouring its seed*, in like one of those frivolous yoimj; maids who marry only to devnnr tlioir liusb;i-nJ*8 snbstancc, while a greenfinch who *;«*- -? a-wooing puts on all the languUhinj; v'.ie-nwoy airgnn l gestures cf a village lientuy, who tsiyhs in vain for sotue ruslic joefc. And the swifts who dash ronnd in circles arc thenc-'er-do-weels who never ad'oiwe; the UrkR aud wag tails, who walk ko (^inlly, moving one foot before anothiT we do ourc- elves, mo the bright, brUk iwwsv whimc cot toges arc all in order, uuJ who ure smart even for their hnelmuJs.' ' Is tl»at bo very uncommon V said the lecturer's only pupil. ' Very/ . * Then a rook when he goes o-conrlin' will try and sing, hut olIj niAki^ s- hnrsli aud lh-rril)lc nni.m- thnt hpliis your ears : and a crow will moke iiim-e|( ridiunlnuH in tlie«ame w»y, and Uiey always mukc njc think of — — ' 'Middle aged men wooing young maidR 7* '.To be sure V caid Madcap, 4 as some times happens in oor village ; hut futher always interferes, aud puts a titop to any of those oneqt.al mnU-Ues, And th.' pcu cock is the fine Udy whose worth U all upon her back,' so that none was leftover for Toicc or body. ... I have seen jnst gnoli a lady 1 Then tho skylarks always emits lo me liko ^omo gallant pure soul hankered by a weak body, for soar as he may, aud does pvrpetouUy, he sinks morn pwitily than lie ban rif=0 ; nail the meteor like Hash of the goatsucker always seems to me like the flight of a beautilu) thonght, «ftlbe lightning flash of the kiugfislit-r, like 'on inspiration ,tb&t; conies - Jpto a human eoul, it knows not whence!: And 6 starling should belong to tbe sea, for he swims ia the sir-- but there are &o; many/ she added, stopping short in her lecture, ' 1 should bore you to death if I told yon one-half of them !' (£o we all hate onr doppel-$&nger;$ among the bitd^* he said. * Well — I hane found oue for yni — you are ft swal low, for your walk is like the flight of one, tat your voice is like the blackcap's, and 1 to «u$pe«t you of possessing the IV wisdotu ' — — * Sstjy swa*U-w, prating thing,* qnoted Msaivniv jfaufsbiBg; k yes, that suits nit* -vn Bet 1 do not like the owl — he i*. t*y cdy atxtux ia all the wood. He -ttJK sttrouff?. screed, and hiss like a tWtts*»£si^Wv4!'i tft than a miunte, 51M i !c*v aud soleum note he ijvawcBan.'S v^s. that makes the iorest S.T i' % tv-c twrer come home here a£ »!*.?-» ^ be said, thoroughly :$fclrtirfdL, oft«u* sbe said : 4 if I cannot cc aBTtfesrs^r b*s vexed me, and by attcaSg&t; K &r; moiv exquisite than by cay. . . . Hit? tog ew studied the ttKV&o;&t; dawvrs ^ she west on, looking at bite v&fctty; *tbey are all so pale, so v«in£. s- it tbe oooa had looked into all tbHr pretty face? oue by ooe aod made tWeu sserai acd stiU like herself ? ttttir w sc^ct is faint and ghostly as in a divutt. . . . Sometimes 1 find a rabbit sitting cp on my rhasr and washing his fece. sometimes as I sit quite still, one or another of the night animals ran across my kuec, and J get all sorts of queer peeps iuto the creatures' habits, for it is in the night only that tbe smaller forest animals lirt* * It is not yight for a yonng thing like you to be wandering here alone at night, said the stranger, frowning. 'Did he leave no one lo take care of you?' he added, thinking that Mr. Eyre's confidence in her read very like neglect. ' O 1 yes,' she said, laughing ; * there is Kan— bat she is terrified ol these woods even by day, and no earthly powers would draw her here after nightfall !' 'And yon say no one at home knows of this haunt of yours/ he went on, in a dis- satisfied tone. ' Supposing you fell ill here— or were robbed and murdered by some stranger or footpad ( 1 wear no ornaments/ she said, 'audi strangers aud footpads never come here 'Am not I a stranger?' be 6aidf looking at her keenly. ' No/ she said, stontly; 'yon were mother's friend and Job's— aud Frank's, and yon will tell me all abont yourself, sJine day — for 1 must be going back to my bay now.' 1 Yes/ he said, looking at her eaj»orly, yearningly, as a man may at something he knows to be forbiddcu to him, but that soon will ha«c passed Ijeyoud the roach of his power to behold it, yet the present was i his, he would beat out his little span of joy j to its utmost limit. . . . Had he by hurd longing (for surely intense wishing had brought her) summoned her footsteps to the cowslip gate, only to let her go so quickly ? ! ' Let ns make a bargain/ he said ; 1 ' give me another lectnre — -just a little one j — and I will tell yon all aboat Frank — . and myself. The hay will do well enough ' without yon. Toll me something of the | daylight life oftbe-e woods, aud how yon | spend your hours in them/ ' How can 1 tell you ?' said the girl. ( Men do not un !? retand these things — even father does not; and you wonld think 1 Whs idling away my time when 1 am learning something new at every step. Anyone could learn the avenoes in a day, but half a dozen miles of broken woodland are another matter, and there are snch beautilu] things outside the wood — in onr own grounds, in the meadows, everywhere/ * Tell me of some of them,' he pleaded happy only so long as her yonng voice ran on. ( 1 am going lo settle down in the country myself before very long, and 1 ex pected to be dull ; but yonr knowledge will help me/ 4 What can I l»ill yon,' she said, 4 if yon have not lived among such things9 If you have never l*vn caught in u thicket of blossomed thorn ; never followed the plough aud smelled the sweet, fresh earth ; never watched a daisy hang all its petals down wards at sunset, or a poppy fold its heart into a red cup at eve . . , never marked the little snowy half-closed urrbrella made by the window-flowers, or seen the light glistening at sunset on a ffcld of spider's webs, Krial bridges tossed from blade to biaJf «-f gross, and stronirer than any made by human hands, since tbe heaviest foot ball wid not break them ?' 4 No/ he said, as site paused, and he 6&w; that she had forgotten him in her thoughts; 4 1 have s«cn none of these thiug6; but I will loi.k fur them all some day.' ' J line is always some new delight,' she went on, softiy, as if to herself ; ' some lovely accident, as tee think, but set there to help us hi— Livu more hearty as we pray One day it may be a sunset to startle one into u r»*al understanding of beaten . . . another it will be a sheet of emerald grass shining through a row ot tall poplars jnbt budding into brown ... or it will he a carpet of blue anemones ill January, when no other flower is abroad or seen, h iield ol lares and wheat sway lo the bre« 2'*, tsarlet in one light, gold iu another . . . if you have nercr lusl yourself in the Hweeiness ol a hunch of ciove.pi'nks, and yel can catch the lraurance of a chequered tritilinry— never seen a glow-worm crawl up a stalk of grasB aud hoisi up her little lamp as signal to her ? She puused, atul burst out laughing at beihelf. ? 4 O ! what nonsense I am talking/ she said. ' As if a soldier could be expected to know or care anything of such matters. But it has lnuu a great reliel lo mu 10 soy it, all the same,' .she added, nodding; 4 «nd I ani very much , obliged to you, in deed, for listening to me.' 4 1 shall remember it all/ lie said ; and thought how he need not fear Iwir, since he bad real religion — the religion of a beauti ful fearless life, that beat in entire harmony with the works of her Creator. 1 Have you ever tried to write down your thoughts ? Your father was a celebrated writer in bis youth/ ' No/ she said, slowly, 4 1 have never tried ; and £ think I never shall. Bnt if I had tried to write, do you know hot? it would have ended ? I should have gone on trying all my life ; and when X had become quite old, 1 should have called my friends together and tisked them to hear the fruits of my labours. They would all cry out, 4 Bnt it is centuries old !' And 1 wonld say, ' Yes, it is the lost chapter of tht Book of Ecclesiastes ; bnt it has mr soul, -uiy best efforts, in it ; and I hare no better/ 4 You have chosen a sad form of ex pression, child,' he. said, struck by the solemn stillness of her voice and look. 4 Are not the yonng sad V she said. * Or why does one's heart ache in spring, when older people cannot tell it from early summer ? I think it must be because -wr suffering is before us; theirs is behind them/ ' . 4 Why mnst you suffer?* he said, his heart sinking as he looked si her. ' God forbid that you should ? ? 4 Why should I not ?' she said, looking at him gravely. ' It is the lot of all ; and tho happiest, the best beloved, are always those who suffer most' 4 Where did you learn all this ?' he said; I hardly knowing whether to be glad or sorry that the young eyes looking out on 1 life were so clear. i 4 Perhaps out of my own heart/ 6he 6aid ; * perhaps out of the village ; per- : haps out of my Book of Ecclesiastes. Aud ' that is why I think my mother's lot needs j no grieriug over. She went away in the i full tide of her happiness. It is for | airsth-e# we may grieve, not her. And | you say you knew ber very well/ she went j on, gently ; ' bnt it must have been before j she married father, for he did uot seem to ' know yonr name when your mother wrote to him/ Had the afternoon grown suddenly colder? The shivering note of a willow wren filled up the moment of silence before he turned to her and said — 'So you have known my name all along ?' 4 1 think yon must be Major Metbnen/ she said, and wondered to see how haggard be had gone all at once, for during tbe j past hour he had seemed to grow younger; | 4 and I am glad yon have come to : your mother,' she added, softly, 4 for ahe ! 6aid you were her only son, and she a i widow/ ' Yes, she is happy now/ he said, as one whn?e thoughts were not in his words; ' we are going to 6etlle down together in the country nest month. I was always a bad correspondent, aud 6he thought ' ? 4 Thnt yon must be dead/ said Madcap, , sighing; 4 but it was poor Frank who died. 4 What on earth is the Ihd; between him and me V paid the soldier, a flush of something that looked like anger rising to his tanned brow. 4 Ercrv where I am re ceived for him, taken for a dull echo of him — a makeshift that bears some laded , resemblance to the dead hero. I am posi tively sick of hearing myself called L»vel, atid being clapped oit the shouidier every I time 1 venture to ko to my club by some | man who vows he used to kuoff me iu another name.' 4 But was there any resemblonce between | yon ?' said Madcap, sitting erect, and I ttudfrslandin® Job's mistake better. * Th'-re was the likeness that may exist I between two fair men of exactly the same I height end build/ he said, carelessly, 'though I n«-ver 6aw it myself. Men ! dropped like fiieg in those days, and looked |,less at each other's faces than at the I enemy ; but oor supposed resemblance uas a matter of common remark in the ! regiment. Then the circumstances of our i joining were almost identical; both hud sold out of the Guards, both had applied | for leave of j-errice in the war at. the same j time, and both for ilia same reason i (though only they two knew it) — a bad 1 heartache of some years standing. So for the short line we fonght together we were ; trieuds, and when oue died the other must ! needs Ire received as his own ghost. It was the commonplace order of our looka that did it, I suppose,' said Major Mcthuen, still with that angry flnsh on bis brow; 4 but how men in their senses can pretend to recognise in middle age on* out of a pair of yellow-haired boys, 1 cannot imagine. There never wae un un common line in either of our faces ; there are hundreds like us to be met with in the streets any day. 'Are there?' said Madcap, a little coldly at this underrating of Frank. 41 have always heard very differently .... bill 1 see that yon never realty liked him or knew how to value him/ 4 Did 1 not V he said, with a queer smile ; ' yet we wero friends enough to have no secrets from each other (save one, and that concerned a woman.), and on the eve of battle we exchanged '—he paused abruptly, nnd said uo more. 4 Frank wus not a lad when he died/ said Madcap ; ' he was nearly twenty-seven —six years older than Gordon. Perhaps yon were older — though yon need not be so very glad of that now/ 6hc added, i looking round nthim with a little feminine touch of spite that even an angel will in dulge in if you dispataged ber patron i saint. ! But ho only smiled, ami she laughed, so ' llmt peace was restored between them, I though her next qncsliou endangered it. ' Pray/ said she, 1 wero both your heart 1 aches for one und the same person ?' j She was looking at him earnestly, ns I though by his reply she might find the key to an enigma thai pi!&&lcd; her. 4 why do you ask. that?' he said, his j eyes steady, though his colour chauged. 4 Uevuuse Job told me -once that Frank loved my mother/ she said, retting her I check on one hMiJ end looking ut him : I thoughtfully ; '.but she loved. father best ! —-uud, of course, sbe married hiuu Did j you love her, too ; and is that why you speak of ber 60 tenderly, and love me Y 'So you know I love you, child/ he said, turning to ber swiftly. 4 God bless you for saying that—yes, I did lovo her ; and 1 lost her only to find' ber once more — and once more — to lose her/ 4 i-o, not lost/ she 6flid. 4 1 will love you for my mother's snko and my own . . . aud you will forgive father ; if he wronged you it was unwittingly'— Bui he had started up, she s&t; nlono on her green throne, nnd he was standing below in the gtrcu hollow gazing straight before him, ns though through the glade be sow some fearsome thing approach. 4 Good-by, little one — little child/ he said, turning to her suddenly, as she stood halMonging, half fearing to descend, and she sow iu his eyes the look, the tears that she had surprised in them once belorc ; 4 only one thing could ever bring me back, your being in trouble, which, please God, yon never will be/ 4 Good-by, she said, gently, asking no questions, as some children and women will, God knows, and vex a man's soul even while he loves thero, bnt when he reached up and took hei slender hond, she laid her other over it, and held it fast. For a moment the strong man bowed his head on thorn, 4 If 1 might stay,' she thought she heard him 6ay; tail in another moment, and with no farther leave-taking, 6he was standiug alone above the hollow, and she could not see which way he went for tears . . . and then (tor ber child's heart had goue out to him) she sat down and cried— cried, uot knowing it, for the peace that fled away with him for ever, but should come back to her per chance in other goise, brioging with it better gifts than those ignorant ones over which she so passionately wept. CHAPTER VIL One late June morning ill-news came riding full gallop to the Red Hall, and Colonel Bnsby was the Mercury that bore it. His horses' heels strnck oot sparks of news as he flew, so that everybody had the news before he reached the Bed Hall, and was so bur6tiug with importance when he reached it, (bat Saunders was sure, some thing was amiss, and admitted him at once. ' Findyouryoung mistress immediately/ he said, puffing himself ont like a frog, as, uninvited, he marched with stately step into the dining-room. 4 My mistress is ont, 6ir/ said the man using the formula Mr. Eyre had directed him to use to all callers in his absence, though in lhi6 instance he spoke truth, and added, 4 she 1ms probably gone to the woods.' 4 Out !' said Colonel Busby, bouncing, as he stood. * Out on such au occasion as this? £he must be fonnd, aud fonrid im mediately/ ' You bring rio bad news, sir, I hopp/ said the butler, pausing at the :oor. 4 Well, welt/ said Colonel Bnsby, you'll hear presently. Your uiistr-ss hum be told first, and not in a sudden way. I shall, of coursrt, break it to her gently — i gently. I urn UK-d to these things, you ! yon know.' ! ' Very true, sir/ snid fcjannders, drily, aS he departed ; Sor who ever knew C«»lonel Bnsby to be above five minutes later for I any disaster within u radius of ten nrlcs ? I He flattered himself he was in at the | death now, as he walked up uud down the 1 room, growing more and more impatient. I ns the minutes went by, uud sliil Mad-a,- i did not co-iie. Why, good heavens! she j might he told of it iu the tillage, and here I was he cooling his heels, when he had j half the country to ride round that j morning with his news. j When the hall hour struck, he could j contain himself no longer, hut rung tbe bell j and when Saunders appeared, snid abruptly, 4 Mr. IDytc is dend.' The mau started buck, with a cry of horror, 4 Yes, here it is,' 6aid Colonel Busby, struggling to pull a pink paper out of his pocket. ' I have it posted for me from towu every alternoon, so that I am always lialf-a-day ahead of everybody else witb my news. See here/ and he unfurled the pB|-er with a flourish, and pointed a fal, trembling forefinger at certain capital letters— 'BURNING OF THE SAILING SHIP 1 ARIZONA'; all hands lost, and one passenger — Donne Humilton liyre.' The ofd butler thought of Madcap, us he covered his eyes with two trembling hands, blaming himself for a curious feel ing of something very like relief. 4 Yes, he is dead/ said Colonel Bushy^ che.evfully, ' and jnst as one might expect — quite in his usual way. 1 mean, us lie did things iu life, involviugall around him in disaster, and disappearing, like asoit of middle-aged Casablanca, iu the flames thnt lit the burning deck, Ac., lor he must pose— if only to the eleni'uis/ 4 My master will be deeply regretted, i sir/ snid the butler; 4 he was greatly re- [ spcctcd by alt, and mm-li loved by his : family.' } 'Ah, yes—to be sure,' said Colonel j Bushy, drawing in hi* horns; 'you see it I is owing to his liein^ so well known that I we hate got the intelligence so quickl) ; ' plenty of sailing-ships ure. burut or lo t, ; bnt they dou'i get capital letters in tie 1 newspapers/ i 'Mym.-.stn: vr-;iy have left the ship/ said Saunders. th'u_'blfnlly. 4 Until we receive further parti'-id.'us, «dr, I tlrnk it will be better uot to Kty anyming to ^liss Madcap. Xo doubt Mr. Dounc has seen tbe paper by now, and will be here before . evening. 'I hope it /s a mistake,' said Colonel : Bushy, sobbing as he folded up hi* papei, 1 \- and feiiling thai it \v-nM oe ih- uin :ik1jsI cut of all from his' -.do »u my, uv« that j ! enemy return to pro*o his information in- j | correct. 4 Well, good-day; J sir pose | your mistress will bo found in the vour&e; 1 of tbe morning— very improper — very im proper, ber wandering about at all hours by herself indeed, and in those miles of woods too— highly irregular ' — and he fussed himself on to bis horse aud out of sigbt. * I must go and find her/ said tho old man aloud, as ho ro-cntcrod tho house; 'so long os she's not gone on to the village, thore is none to toll her ; bnt 'tis like looking for a needle in a bundle of hay,' he muttered, as he went to caution other 6crvauts against saying anything to her if she soon came in. They had already got the news from tho village, and some wept, and some trombled; ono did not believe it, another did ; but all agreed they find felt trouble in the air ever eiuce Master had 4 broken out ' in May. 4 They said lie was dead once before/ said Nan, who beard the now6 last, 4 and ho came back safe and sound, and so he will now— though pr'aps sorrow'il soften Miss Madcap's heart a bit to Master Gordon/ she added to herself hopefully. The old butler never walked so. far under good green wood as he walked that morn ing; bnt uot n flutter of his young mis tress' gown did he catch sigbt of, not a trace of her could he find, nnd, having lost himself four or live times, was thankful to reach the village, which he found in a state of extraordinary excitement and gossip. The daily papers had arrived, and con firmed Colonel Busby's news, aud no ono seemed to doubt the truth of it, though this second report of Mr. Eyre's death was very differently received to that former one which twelve years ago had convulsed tbe village. To-day alt tongaes spoke kindly, if tbey did not bitterly deplore him — if to the fast he remained a man only truly lovable to- his immediate borne circle, be had at least won the respect of these poor people by his faithful care ot his children. Many of the villagers remembered how harshly they had tfiooght and spoken of him lately, yet under all their words and thoughts ran the underlying current thai perhaps it was best for her that it should be thus, for now ihere would be no raking up of the old wretched story of sin and sliAtne, no continuance of that pursuit on which he had departed ; hut all shortcom ings, all wrong-doings for ever ronndod ofl in a death that pcrchunce had in it elements of grandeur. So, in some under way, his people talked of him thnt morning until Sat)h'i- rs ap peared in their midst, and then they ruslied lo him, asking how theyoum; uiis 1 tress 4 took it/ « ' * Miss Madcap doesn't know it/ said Fartiders, with dignity. 4 No more do I — juii'd best all wait a bit before putting j ou a bit of mourning. Master's as likely j as uot to walk iu this very night. Who is to PRy where he got out, or that bo ever meant to go all the voyage of the Arizona?' And he disappeared np the hill that l^d I lo Mr. Eyre's house, leaving the listeners I pir.ngcd iu a cold hath of astonishment, j (To lc continued.) I At St. George. Queensland, a drover ?has been fined £10U and £23 costs, for' destroying a rabbit-proof fence. 