HARVEST FESTIVAL. The harvest festival was obserredl at St.,John's1,Bnglican Church 'on Sun day when especial services were held and sermons preached, morning and evening, by the vicar, the Rev. R. \- Thwaites. Tile church had been tastefully'decorated withll a profusion of grain, fruit and flowers and proe sented a ndmost pleasing appearance. On' the .re-table were two vases of beautiful -flowers, before the altar were grouped sheaves of wheat and barley,- vegetables of various kinds and' choice fruits, whilst on a table in the chancel were displayed fruits, vegetables, bread and flour. At the entrance to the chancel were shown: various implements used in agriculture, and the prayer desk, lectern, font, choir and pulpit were also. tastefully dressed with ever greens, fruit and flowers. The festi val commenced at eight o'clock when the Holy Communion was celebrated, followed by matins at 11 o'clock and choral evensong at seven. At the morning service the vicar took his text from' St. Mark iv. and 28th verse-"Fpor the earth bringeth forth fruit of herself; first the blade, then the ar, after that the full corn in the ear,!'i. In the chapter frlom which the text was taken Christ illustrated the origin and growth of relicion in the.soul-by directing attentionu to the 'circumsta'ii nces attending the: planting :arid growth of a field of corn. In: the' field of the soul manu was the' sover but it was 'God who, gave the increase.: Christ: made an" exceedingly";higuh claim fd:i His word,'for 'he nfirumed that it narried with it a life priiiciple:iuiifluencin~g ind controlling all spirituail action; as' in physical existeince the hidden principle of .life? exercdised, supre?e,. influeince over,.all matter ' The ispiiatual life principle would tiansforin the i soul' iti a man iintilQlie b'caame ii Fielity' a child of pGod and a partaker of he divined nature; :rThe seed of spirithial life fwhen sown'in'good 'groudiid under thd oipeication 'of God,? do?eelopddu into' eternal life. ,'Iteliion was: neither doma. ;nor,-.ritual, , althouglh those. under its influence-; wouldu holdidogma and iii-their odiuship, obsere' .ritutal, but i~s 'fis stI? l life.' Re?emiuei ing the responsibility of thei* 'ction and the possibilities with wlhiclh it was attended, well' smight: those who went forth -to-sow --the-preeious-seed of- life go weeping-weeping not .with sorrow 'but.in intensity of emotion induced:byl an appreciation of the greatness of their, work. This enotioii shoduld, liowever, be.temperedl by tlhe ?iecollectioni that whilst.they so"ed the seeid it .~wa Goad :.who would :make it his..care and cause it to flourish. Spiritual life ib'in'iani a mysteryland liti'eo: mOliutifested itself as. the germinating seed niains '+i fesied itself firt of all in the tiny blade; The .-religiouslife inhits early manifestations wigas" tendoer; mid ndt at once or by, all recognisable as such. It was' first of:",alli the ,blade which might be this or that.'- Later on, it smore' explicitly ' deciared itself ^as the characteriof .'tle gr'iais declared itself in tie'ar.', It unigh.show itself iin open avowal,. as in: confirmation. or at suchi?'amission a??s I ?ld'ltely been conduicted in the piarisli?, or i iight take the :fonam of -quietly: Ibreakin awiay fromi" evil -dcodirses :in ' life; questionable methods in business/ or doubtfdl pleasures?. There were metliods: :in ,business and :pleasures sanctioned by usage, and society ''which the " enliglhtened Christian consciencei could not approve, and whatecvr? other! form it took the "rcl"icous life must show itself by an avoidance of these. It would also Smanifest itself by a positive inclination and endeavor after consistent Christian cohduct. When it thiusmanifesteditshlf, in one or, all of these ways,.:the re ligious life was only in its second stage -in the ear: It was not yet fulfilled .and must from this stage bea progres. a. m . sive. The fulness of religious life was Snot attained in one bound, .but gradu a'lly, by progressive stages ' from incipiency to-maturity. . We were not of those who had attained. the ;fulness of the religious life, but were following after them, and that fulness of lifeivas the ultimate goal of the Christian's ambition. -'It ivas 'not: the. position attained :by "a few, nor was it to be won by mere human 'effort, but was a condition at which all those would arrive' who allowed tlie' seed of life implanted in 'th'eir. souls.: to' inature normally. JThe seed of life, the divine words was implanted in the soul by SGod himself and was miatured by the ministry of the chluclh. In thisprocess of growth mafi could dolittle and God much, and it therefore behoved the S:Christian who would progress in the " spiritual life to contimnually commit that life to God by'prayer.' . Evensong was choral, the choircon tribnting greacly to the .brightness and enjoyableness of.the service.. For the offertory Mr. Alfred Langlands played with great taste and effect a 'cello solo, a reville by Schumann, which was most capably accompanied by·Professor Andrews on the orgain. The sermon was based on Galatians vi; 7,' " Be -not deceived; God is 'no- t inocked; for whatsoever a ~ man sowethl that .shall lie also reap." .In nature, the preacher said, latv was supremne and had been well ascertained. Nothing occurred haphazard, but every occurrence was the_result of the operation of some law. So mighty were these laws of'nature that no body of matter was too great for them to. control, and so comprehensive were they that no : 'particle of mnatter escaped them. The laws were so invariable that we regulated tihe practical affairs of life by them, sowved in the one season anil mide ready for reaping in another. We had learnt to respect natural law and to appreciate its in variableness, knowing that it would not abrogate itself to accommodate our carelessness or indolence. The text asserted tlhat invariable law opera ted also in the spiritual domain, a nd that it proclaimed the great fact that whlatsoever a man sowed thiat should he alsoresip. This expression of invariable spirtual law permeated theeritire Bible and "was the expres sion of the per!fect Will of the Eternal. The HIoly Ghost, throughl .St. Paul, asserted that ini spiritual 'matters a man-should reap .what he had sown; allhe had sown,' and nothing but what he had'shwn. . The oieration of the law afirined by the text was recognised in every action. of life, and St.' Paulwould caryr it further and extsnd it to the: life to come. The -truth 'as stated by the text had been proclaiined by religious teachers and philosophers long before the coming of Jesus and appealed to the nniversal in stinct. The present life was marked by continuity, and by well de ftiled relation between cause and effect.'' And i. f that principle were carried further the after life would he seen to be the fruit of the prlsent. ''he c:.perience of life was that -. -, lie affections and labit all lett . "doe impression upon it and all tt. .led to permanence of character. In this life whatever ai man sowed, whether good or evil, lihe reaped in the indelible impression it left upon his character and upon himself. in the spiritual life it was precisely the same, a keen distinction being drawn and only two seeds, those of good and evil, bein:g allowed for. A man as he lived was building up either a Christian or a non Christian character and future; there wais no middleway. What a man sowed he must expect to reap, and it therefore behov\ed men to sow such seed that in the great winnowing day the Lord would gather its fruit into His garner. What a man's spiritual future was to be rested largely with himself. The foundation of forgive ness and cleansing from sin was laid by Christ, but upon that foundattion the nman himself must build whatever character he hoped to enjoy .in eter nity. The eongregations :nmornmin and evening ..were large,' the chuiclhr at evensong hbmig full : 