MAUVKLS Oi'' ELECTRICITY. DISH-AY AT Til F WORLD'S FAIR. li.i.PMiN.YTixii TUK BUII.MNUS. TI1K The moment one bt :,ns to write about modern developments i t electricity all the adjectives m the dictionary expressive ot iistoiiishmeiit and adinirat ion seem to muster themselves ready tor immediate use. Atter studying thewonders set tort , in the Fleetrical Building ot the Worlds Columbian Ex posit ion, one finds it, a hanl task to write ' calmly andse,lately ot t he marvellous display To the general observer the infinite variety of the uses to which electricity is put comes as a revelation. To the speeiabst, theoretical or practical, there is presented f ' ' an almost ' bewildering aggregation of the most delicate apparatus and beautiful machinery. It has to be remhered I hat the exhibition as a whole is itself illustrative of the recent, advances made by the youngest and greatest of the pracital sciences. When the Paris Exposition hung out 1 100 arc lights and arranged !>o(H) incandescent. lamps, the world felt impressed with ; the marvellous achievement, Chicago puts 1 that ctl'ort. completely in the shade, literally! as vrcll as metaphorically, for here there are ,">()(K> arc lights and no fewer than I 10,000 in candescent lamps. The exquisite loveliness of the night scene when the Court of Honour is lil up wit h myriads of electric lamps, dotting out every line in the beautiful fallacies of the Agricultural, machinery. Electricity, audi Manufactures Buildings, tracing with lines of lire the Grecian-like peristyle, with its noble columns and magnificent surmounting statuary, outlined in the heavens the graceful dome of the Administration Building, the architectural gem by universal consent of all the World's Fair Palaces, running around the marble balustrades that, encircle the gleaming waters of the lagoon, shedding over lake and verdant turf and snow-white colonnades alike a soft effulgence that, pales the moonlight and is more grateful 1o the eye than the garish glare of the mid-day sun this is a scene that words cannot paint, It is moreover a scent- that electricity alone renders possible. A beautiful accessory is the electric fountains, throwing up columns of rainbow-lined water from which break clouds of spray gleaming now like rubies and 1||1)lll(, nt bene,, like emeralds or sapphires. Skimming over t he lagoon and darting underneat h the bridges are silently gliding electric launches, which side, by side with the pu'.t nrse M ue gond.das and ga.ly clad gondo - lers, bring the old and the new so vividly '. thri .; A|,, ISS th( , fi,, l(1 (lf vitnv , Riding ^ wh()1(< ()f th(, r. irk like so many ghost lights, sending cones of etl'ulgenee across the broad bosom of Lake | Michigan, causing the distant domes and minarets of the Midway Phusanee temples and palaces to glisten like carvcn pillars ot ^ ^ ,,,,he silent prairie a score of miles beyond the roaring- city, are the gigantic search lights, which illustrate yet another triumph of electricity. It is a grand and a glorious spectacle to contemplate with the eye, but a yet. more wonderful picture to impress upon the mind tor pressed it will atlord tor long days to come [• , 11(1 f ,, ur(lit:ltil , n ull tlu , ,,, mml i;, ss p( , s ,ii )iN it; rs ot - ,.l 0( .trical science. FUCCTKICITY UP TO DATE. ....... ,, , ,, .. ,, , \\\ I mi the tour walls ot the building (. ia]Iv (1( , v ,, t „ (1 t ,o electricity, it is almost, . (m11( , s ; ,„ say> is tlu, i,,.^," „ n d I11()St e.omlH). aispl. lv * uf electrical machinery and j^pi;;,,,,.,^ the world has ever seen. Indeed, ll() department, of the whole exhibition is so thoroughly up to dat e as the electrical, f®r the simple reason that the history of the modern applications of electricity is pretty well Ci>mliasscd by half-a-centurv of veal's. To realise , !. ,uth of tlu- science, it is merely j tlu- exteme >k at the dynamos which were I '> and are now at Chicago placed side by side with the most recent, mat liines as archa- olgical curosities. The historical aspects of the display are indeed among its most intensely interesting features. The first telephone, the first phonograph, the first arc lamp, the first electric motor are all things of yesterday, but one looks upon them and examines their parts witlr much the same feeling- as one stands within the Pyramids of the Nile and inhales the musty atmosphere impregnated with the dust of mummies .'>000 years old. Let me take my readers first of all to Edison's phonograph pavilion, and let them mark the progess of one brief decade. In an honoured place stands the first phonograph of the great inventor, a marvellously delicate appliance, but with its tinfoil barrel a crude machine indeed side by side with the delicately fashioned instrument, of to-day whose waxen cylinder preserves for all time with the most minute fidelity the faintest waves of sound. Now, note a few of the recent applications of the phonograph. First, is its domestic use; a small table with an abundant supply of tubes is the centre from which orchestral and vocal music, recitations. Ace., are supplied to | all the household whenever desired. Next is j the commercial application, economising- labour and time in the office's of merchants, bankers, anil other business men ; one ex- emplification shows tubes radiating from every room to the type-writer's desk, at which, without the medium of shorthand, letters are transcribed that, have been spoken into the machine at any time and without awaiting the attendance of the stenographer, j Thirdly, the phonograph is applied to edu- j cational purposes ; you take your French,! German, Italian, or Spanish grammar and lesson book, but you not merely master with vocabulary, declensions, and rules of syntax, but your teacher, the phono* graph, sneaks every sentence into your ear, repeats the words again and again with infinite patience, and so gives you complete facilities for acquiring the most perfect, accent of Paris or Merlin, Rome or Madrid. These are only a few out of re* of applications to which the phonograph is to he put in the home, in the ofliee, and in the study. It is within the near future that the ! disadvantages of deafness will lie obviated by the use of the instrument, and it is not too j much to say that standing in Edison's ' pav ilion at Chicago we are on the very threshold of numberless wonders from which | the curtain will be drawn before the bells l ine- out lb'* old and ring in the new century. MEDICAL AND SUIMUUAI. I'SKH on , Ei.Kc-nucn'Y. »»'«• therapeutical applications of electricity have come to lie so liumenuiH and important that, electro-therapeutics may lie considered to he a special department of medical anil surgical science. Batteries for the use of physicians, and a vast number of electrical instruments such as exploding' needles, electrodes, syringes, are displayed. The subject is too technical for a general article, hut specialists may have the assurance that if i th ^ ^ (() chi(, 1(tru th( , v wiu <in(1 vi d, H l (||,, m lln exhibition of every known apthese ; pij,..^,,,, ,,f clretric.itv U> medical treatment, j n dentistry, also, there are important dej velopmcnts" to he noted. Most important of is the utilisation of the ordinary current from an incandescent or arc light circuit , . . . .. . ... , the motive power tor the delicate drills, ham- I mors, itc., ,„. ...i.;..,. which e form n the equipment : ..( every modern dentist's operating room. TKLKOUAI'IUC WKITINO. Beyond the mrdieal section is (Exhibited otic of the most recent, and most marvellous developments of electricity the telautograph or long-distance writing machine. This system is destined to revolutionise telegraphy, for the operator at one end of the circuit Writes the message, and at the other end an automatic, pen working in response to the electrical stimulation truces every letter and curve with microscopic fidelity. The pro- 1)1 em of fur ,*i wife telegraphy is by no mean a new one, hut. its solution by l'rofeseor J Elisha Gray, the famous American inventor in the fields of telegraphy and telephony, is a lri, j, „ f t]l( . 1)ast ^.j, mnIlth. s . Ily the, in. u . hill( , lu. lias designed for the purpose fche livsirian nuiv hjs prescription jn tho Vhcmist's shop in another part of th(, (. ;t t , u , hl, )k ,, r Inav mak( . a (. OI) . ^ fn>m ^ ()ffi(. (> , m ' tlu, Stock Ex- (. h . m „ t . in his mvn Iinh. writing that Nt„ n(ls MS a 1)( . rmiU1 ent and exact record of ,he transaction, the hanker can sign his (. h U(1 thousand yiiles away, and the newsarfci8t ,. an instantaneously transmit his pi(. tun> )( f the scene of an accident right from the spot to the engraving-room of his office. This is no mere visionary dream of what may he, for the World's Fair visitor has the chance of seeing the marvellous operations actually performed. OCKAX TELEGRAPHY. Older, but infinitely interesting is the system of ocean telegraphy, which the Mackav- Bennett Company fully illustrates. The sending and receiving of messages are performed by the identical instruments used for the work and under almost precisely similar condit- the mere fact, of the cable being -ions, only a few scon- of yards instead of a few thousand miles long counting as absolutely nothing so far as the electricity that performs the service is concerned. Most people have the idea that cablegrams are received by electric flashes of light. But this is not so. The recording system is really not unlike the principle of the telautograph, for a glass siphon no thicker than a human hair conducts a stream of ink from a reservoir to a paper ribbon passing forward at a uniform speed, and the inky trail so left, many times increased in size from the electric coil by a simple mechanical process, is an exact and permanent record of the delicate movements of the coil under the influence of the currents from the ((able. The wavy picture made in this way forms an alphabet which the receiver can read at a glance. — <iinrml<iinh-t\ 