UNIONISM. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, HUXLEY'S GHOST No. 2. Sir—In a sub-leader on Wednesday yon say that unionism at the present day is a power that cannot be ignored. May I ask, what is there 1b the old unionism and the new, and that the new got terribly beaten at Hull, and after ill was beaten the leaders had the in credible meanness to ask those very ship owners whom they had tried to ruin to subscribe for the benefit of the strikers. I fear that it is the new unionism that we have here in Australia. These persons who think that there is no ability amongst the work ing classes are wonderfully mistaken. Never saw the world more cleverness than exists in the union leaders, never were peers nor ministers of State bo absolute. They issue their mandates, and the men sink as bravely as the men of the Victoria did by order of Admiral Tryon. The leaders live on the fat of the land and orate in Parliament about brotherly love and Christian socialism, while dooming their unfortunate followers and their families to deeparation, starvation, and despair. Witness the strikes —the former great shipping strike, the shearers' strike, the coalminers* strike, the Hoonta strike, the Broken Hill strike. In all these cases the poor men were beaten, and suffered and starved, misled by their leaders. But the leaders waxed fat on the pay they got for mis leading them. I am told that one of them is now the richest man in bis district in Victoria. Daring the heat of the ship ping strike, when misery and destitution walked abroad rampant, a waiter at a first-class hotel in Melbourne called my atten tion to four apparently wealthy gentlemen of high ppsition a4 an adjoining table laughing and joking over their savory viands and their claret, and told me that they were union delegates, two of them over from Sydney about) the strike. Well might .that barman shrug his shoulders; well might these gourmands laugh. Without strikes the reason for their existence is gone. Merrily call we strike, oh; drink oar claret and revel, while men and masters alike go to ruin.— 