SCHATCHINGS IN THE CITS. Br A PENCIL. ?That every line which written here may be 60 to its mack straight and unerringly That every laugh he clean and fairly bought: That condemnation sever go unsought: That cut, or thrust or lend approving cheer, Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. Some of the best-informed friends of Bishop Kennion, who is now in England, say that his return to South Australia to be a permanent resident is not probable. He was understood latterlj to have become somewhat tired of the rather limited scope which this colonial diocese offered for his energies-in fact, to have been partly spoiled for local affairs by his participation in the Lambeth Conference in England five years ago. He has great influence by relationship : and otherwise in London, and it is believed that he will have little difficulty in obtain ing a bishopric in the old country. If he should get it he would return to .AdrilaMft and settle up the business of the diocese here before saying farewell to us finally. "Whenever he may go he will leave sincere friends behind. He may not be a man of the kind who come to the forefront in a conflict of reason or controversy, but he has a warm heart and generous impulses, and ^ he is beloved tor his goodness if not exactly admired for his genius. Months ago I wrote that the Agent General, Sir John Bray, did not feel par ticularly happy in the succession to Sir Arthur Blyth in London. The statement was then unofficially and casually ques tioned in certain quarters, but that fact did not diminish its truth. Sir John, I am told, was not and is not and probably never will be very happy where he is, and if he serves out his full term of office his friends will be surprised. A native of Australia accustomed to our. free life and to our glorious climate, feels" . cribbed and cabined in the artificial atmos phere of London society. Sir John Bray is a native of Australia and, fbesides, a man fond «f active work in public. In London he has little else to do than to attend official dinners. Therefore, do not be aston ished if he comes back to his dear Adalaidg and possibly becomes a member of the Legislative Council. If he were a candi date he would not be supported by the more Radical voters, although it was practically a Radical ticket which won his first election to the Assembly. Somehow or other the Radicals of one generation become the Con servatives of another. In 1913 Mr. King ston will probably be considered a strong Tory, whilst the ineonoclastic "Pencil" will possibly have degenerated into a Gold Stick-in-Waiting or the Lord High Royal Boot-Blackener, or something else unpleas ant and ridiculous. There is some talk about the Government Gazette being greatly reduced in size, as it might be with advan tage to everybody except the compositors. Wish judicious condensation all the matter now spread over scores of pages in the official paper could be put into a dozen or twenty sides, and much waste of money and time by printers and profanity of by readers would be saved by the change. The Gazette, by the by, is becoming an illustrated journal. I don't refer in this connection to the ingenious but fearfully constructed hieroglyphics which, distin guish the "Impounding" and "Brands Registration" notices. The "New Inven lion" department is what I have in mind. Whether all these advertisements are genuine or whether some are not satirical I don't know. In any case some of them appear at very appropriate times. For instance, just before the opening of Parlia ment one gentleman applied for a trade mark on behalf of an " Idea Enlarging Com pany." And he illustrated his remarks by a drawing which fairly represented the ground-plan of a boxing glove. It does not appear to me to be quite the right thing- to subject politicians to such suggestions. Mr. Johnstone, Police Magistrate at Port Adelaide, has done his duty in connection with the prosecution of certain strikers and has been hooted by the mob. He nevertheless, public sentiment to uphold him, and he need feel no more depressed | now that he has been groaned at, than he j ought to fed elated at some other time if he were cheered. That Mr. Johnstone has ! had the courage to do an unpopular thing ' gives him a strong claim upon the sympa thies and the admiration of South Austra lians throughout the country. The Acting-Commandant of the remnant of the Military Force, Lieut.-CoL Gordon, has been appointed permanently to the post, and the fact that the force of the future is to be merely the ghost of what it has been has subdued the public interest which otherwise would be felt in the' matter. And, considering his comparative lacks of experience, the new commandant may not do so badly after all. The little Naval Commander, Cap tain Walcot, has resigned his position and been succeeded by Lieutenant CreswelL The captain, a pleasant little sea-dog who can bark and bite, but would rather do neither. The lieutenant is a jolly, middle sized sea-dog, who laughs off all difficulties and makes everybody love him for the simple reason that they can't help doing it. He is one of the most genuinely humorous men in South Australia, and possesses all-round ability which might be employed in several other ways, even if the service of Old Nep tune should cease to give him opportunities. The Executive are catching it hotly from the public for making distinctions between white and black murderers. There is a general feeling-and an intensely strong feeling, too-that since the villain Page is not to be hanged, the Northern Territory blackfellows must not be strangled either. If they are, the sense of justice in the whole community will be greatly shocked. The people of Kapunda should be proud of he fact that Mr. White is making him self' prominent as a vindicator of British justice and honor." May his perseverance be equal to his courage. 