III. Rt In the drawing-room, a little later, a small grou collected by the corner bay, remotest from 1l ial Bouverie-Barton's own presidential chair, to hen Rudolph and Joyce compare experiences on the lig above the barrow. When the two dreamers of drea ri and seers of visions had finished, Mrs Bruce, th e esoteric Buddhist and hostess ofMahatmas (they oftet dropped in on her, it was said, quite informally i. afternoon tea), opened the flood-gates of her torre t speech with triumphant vehemence. "This is js what I should have expected," she said, looking round for a sceptic, that she might turn and rend him di "Novalis was right. Children are early men. They R are freshest from the truth. They come straight toi from the Infinite. Little souls just let loose from th free expanse of God's sky see more than we adults do -at least, except a few of us. We ourselves, wha are we but accumulated layers of phantasmata ? Spirit. light rarely breaks in upon our grimed charnel of flesh. The dust of years overlies us. But the child, bursting new upon the dim world of Karma, trails clouds of glory from the beatific vision. So Words. worth held; so the Masters of Tibet taught us, long ages before Wordsworth." " It's curious," Professor Spence put in with a scientific smile, restrained at the corners, "thatall this should have happened to Joyce and to our friend Reeve at a long barrow. For you've seen MacRitchie's last work, I suppose ? No ? Well, he's shown con. clusively that long barrows, which are the graves of the small, squat people who preceded the inroad of Aryan invaders, are the real originals of all the fairy hills and subterranean palaces of popular legend. You know the old story of how Childe Roland to the dark tower came, of course, Cameron ? Well, that dark tower was nothing more or less than a long barrow; per. haps Pallinghurst Barrow itself, perhaps some other; and Childe Roland went into it to rescue his sister, Burd Ellen, who had been stolen by the 'fairy king, after the fashion of his kind, for a human sacrifice. The Picts, you recollect, were a deeply religious people, who believed in human sacrifice. They felt they derived from it high spiritual benefit. And the queerest part of it all is that in order to see the fairies you must go round the barrow wider-shins-that is to say, Miss Quakenboss, as Cameron will explain to you, the opposite way from the way .of the sun-on this very night of all the year, Michaelmas Eve, which was the accepted old date of the autumnal equinox." " All long barrows have a chamber of great stonesin the centre, I believe," Cameron suggested tentatively." "Yes, all or nearly all; megalithic, you know; unwrought; and that chamber's the subterranean palace, lit up with the fairy light that's so constantly found in old stories of the dead, and which Joyce and you, alone among moderns, have been permitted to see, Reeve." " It's a very odd fact," Dr. Porter, the -materialist, interposed musingly, "that the only ghosts people ever see are the ghosts of a generation very, very close to them. One hears o: lots of ghosts in eighteenth century costumes, because everybody has a clear idea of wigs and small-clothes from pictures and fancy dresses. One hears of far fewer in Elizabethan dress, because the class most given to beholding ghosts are seldom acquainted with ruffs and farthingales; and one meets with none at all in Anglo-Saxon or Ancient British or Roman costumes, because those are only known to a comparatively small class of learned people; and ghosts, as a rule, avoid the learned except you, Mrs Bruce-as they would avoid prussic acid. Millions of ghosts of remote antiquity must swarm about the world, though, after a hundred years or thereabouts, they retire into obscurity and cease to annoy people with their nasty cold shivers. But the queer thing about these long-barrow ghosts is that they must be the spirits of men and women who died thousands and thousands of years ago, which is ex ceptional longevity for a spiritual being; don't you think so, Cameron?" "Europe must be chockful of theml" the pretty American assented, smilling; "though Amurrica I hasn't had time, so far, to collect any considerable I population of spirits." But Mrs Bruce was up in arms at once against such covert levity, and took the field in full force for her beloved spectres. "No, no," she said, "Dr. Porter, t there you mistake your subject. You should read what I have written in 'The Mirror of Trismegistus.' Man is the focus of the glass of his own senses. There are other landscapes in the fifth and sixth dimensions of space than the one presented to him. As Carlyle said truly, each eye sees in all things just what each eye brings with it the power of seeing. And this is true spiritually as well as physically. To Newton and New s ton's dog Diamond what a different universe ! One 1 saw the great vision of universal gravitation, the other saw--a little mouse under a chair, as the wise old \- nursery rhyme so philosophically puts it. Nursery s rhymes summarise for us the gain of centuries. Nothing r was ever destroyed, nothing was ever changed, and I nothing new is ever created. All the spirits of all that f is, or was, or ever will be, people the universe every 1 where, unseen, around us; and each of us sees of them those only he himself is adapted to seeing. The rustic or the clown meets no ghosts of any sort save the \- ghosts of the persons he knows about otherwise; if a v man like yourself saw a ghost at all-which isn't likely r -for you starve your spiritual side by blindlyshutting your eyes to one whole aspect of nature-you'd bejust r as likely to see the ghost of a Stone Age chief as the t ghost of a Georgian or Elizabethan exquisite." t "Did I catch the word ghost ?" Mr Bouverie-Barton I put in, coming up unexpectedly with her angry glower. "Joyce, my child, go to bed. This no talk for you. I And don't go chilling yourselves by standing at the f window in y'our night-dress, looking out on the common to search for the light on the Old Long Barrow, which is all pure moonshine. You nearly Scaught your death of cold last year with that nonsense. t's always so. These superstitions never do any good o anyone." And, indeed, Rudolph felt a faint glow of shame ,imself at having discussed such themes in the hear g of that nervous and high-strung little creature. 