GENERAL EXTRACTS. \--o- I heard the other day (says a writer in ' Truth ") a good story of Mr Chauncey' Depow, who is regarded by his country- men as their best after-dinner speaker. Somo one said to him : " We are getting: tiredofyourspeeches.A manhasonlytoput acoin in the slot when he gets a dinnuer,and then up comnies the speech." "That," re plied. Mr Dopow, "is the difference between you and me; with you the coin produces a speech, and then up comes the dinner." It was a clever specimen of French courtly wit (says "Piccadilly ") that story recently told in the Paris "Figaro" of the reply of Admiral- Rieunier to the Queen of Italy when she recently visited the French man-of-war La Formidable. In the Admiral's cabin the Queen remarked a long list of the officers of the floot enclosed in a handsome frame of the period of Charles X., and contain ing among its other ornaments a regal crown. Above this. however, she noticed the portrait of President Carnot. " And how does your President like to be placed so near this emblem ?" asked the Queen with a smile as she pointed out the cir cumstance. "He has no objection,. promtitly replied the Admiral, " for does ,not your Majesty perceive that his crown is at his feet." What is known in Russia (writes'an Odossa correspondent) as the volf season'. commences with the early autumn and continues until late in the spring. The last year for which statistics of the depre dations committed by the wolves are given are suffibiently. .romarkable. :'I one year. alone, :according:to the dat: carefully 'collected Iby. ?rovinciul gover.-_ nors, the total loss of domestic anipals byT wolves amounted to 800,000 head; valued at 8,000,000.' roubles,' which" is :aboub equal to one year's wolf-tax revenue.`' As an evidence that the number of: wolves does not appreciabley decrease, the Government of Olonets is cited where wolves and bears destroyed in 1875, 6785 head ; in 1880, 5322 , in 1885;` 5156; and in 1889, 5,600. In none of£* the above-mentioned Governments does. the number of wolves annually destroyed; average more than one hundred, and these' are generally the younger arimals not yet trained to the crafty tactics of the oldes wolves and pack leaders. ". An exciting incident is reported frdm Bordeaux. A travelling menagerie had, established itself in'the outskirts of the city near the Pare et Jardin d'Acclimatation.: During the feeding-time one of the lions managed to evade 'the keepers and escape from its cage. It ran down the boule-" -ard, to the . consternation of. the passers-by, and suddenly turned into a: by street. Heroit attacked ahorse, seizing; it by the neck. The horse," harnessed to:a hay cart,.plunged and kicked, and thepoliliee began firing with their revolvers- at the lion, which, however, was not injured, for as soon' as it had had its fill of horseflesh it' turned to continue its promenade. A young: man then endeavored to lasso the beast, andt at length lodged the noose about the neck of . the lion, which was then dragged, half..: strangled, back to its den.-"St. James's. Gazette." Dr Rice, who has been visiting the; public schools in various large cities of0 the United States, paying special attention, to the capacity of teachers as revealed in:. the examination of pupils, sketches the following scene, which he himself wit-' nessed in a school in. Cincinnati --In one. of the pieces read the word ".merchant ", appeared. " What is a merchant I" the teacher inquired, after one of the children.. had read the word. "A. nierchant is a. tailor," answered one. "A merchant is at man who keeps dry-goods stores,"' said:. another. "A merchant is a man what' buys cheap and kin sell dear," remarked` a third. At? last. a little 'boy, with a. .triumphant air, cried out: ." A merchani-s. is a main.wha~h seT'goods:.' -..The teachoe - corrected none of these mistakes ilan lan guago ;. but when one of the children had read the sentence, " I broko the glass and. I will pay for it," the teacher said.. "What mistake did . he make 1'. •' Teacher," answered- one, "" he . said? ' glass.' and he ought a' said 'glars.' ''" '.' Right,"' said the teacher. Another scene was in a Buffalo school. When. all -was quiet, one .of the pupils called out, "I ain't got no ruler." In answer., to this. the teacher, without correcting the child's language, said, " You don't. need a ruler. Do it the way you 'done' iht. yesterday." Here is a ghost story which (says the. London correspondent of the Manchestes,. "' Courier") may be commended to the?: Psychical Society. A gentleman arrived. one evening on a visit for the first time to an old country house. As he was going upstairs to change for dinner, he: observed an elderly man, dressed in the costume of the eighteenth century, come down . one passage,. walk along another, and enter- an open door.. The occurrence struck, him as being peculiar, and at dinner he menr a tioned it to one of the daughters of the house. She appeared .much intoerested,. and questioned him minutoly.as. to the. features and.costume.of the apparition. Later in the evening he was taken into a room, led up to a picture and asked, ." Do you see any resemblance ?" .Tnelikeness.. was exact, and he then learned that the orieinal of the .portrait was an admiral who had died in his country's serviceiin 1720 or thereabouts. Still more strangely, the gallant sailor had been reported to. "walk" about 50 years ago, but had ap parently ceased his peripatetic habits until seen by this.perfect stranger. 