THE MISTAKE Ol' CAPTAIN BAliTON. Captain William J3arton of the ship lutMiixhiT, bad but one yreat fault — :i, violent temper. His young wife Jlabrl, who accompanied him for a voyage to Java, often hogged him to control himself, declaring that such a temper would yet lead linn to tho per petration of some deed he would bitterly repent of. Not that he was ever otherwise than kind and gentle to her. It was against bis men that be sometimes became enraged. They all liked him, notwithstanding ; for except when tliey made some plunder, he treated tlieni like brothers. They also liked and respected his good wife — a beauti ful brunette of twenty. The health of this young woman was perfect, and she was as strong and active as a deer. Having been brought up near the water, she could handle the oar with surprising skill, and her husband had | been heard to say that she was an i expert swimmer. He was a sturdy, I broad-shouldered fellow, with an .arm I like a blacksmith's, a, ruddy cheek, and a clear tye. liis wile loved him deeply, and whenever she saw him angry with his men, she would hover about him, endeavouring to soothe him. Her own brother, Jack Wilton, a. youth of seventeen, was cabin-boy. His relation to Mabel, however, did not prevent his sometimes being the object of the captain's wrath. One evening, on an occasion when Jack was slightly ill, he stumbled against a bucket full of tar, spilling the latter all over tho deck. ' v,m I' lvvl.lL.1 the skipper. ' I'll make you stand on the look-out four hours to-night for your awkwardness.' Mrs. Barton pleaded with him. Khe had sat up nearly all tbe previous night nursing her brother, and she was sure he h;id not slept ten minutes during that time. It would, therefore, be cruel to make the poor hoy, who was not yet quite well, remain awake so long. ]5ut, although susceptible to his wife's inlluence, there were times when she could not move him. lie now resisted all her appeals, and at dark made little Jack get into the long-boat and there seat himself, to keep a look-out. ' And mind you keep a good one !,T said he. ' Don't let me catch you dozing !'' ' Have you put Jack on the look out?'' inquired his wife, when he joined her in the cabin. ' Yes.'' 'Cruel!' she cried, pouting, the tears shining in her eyes. 'What! You are not angry with me ?' he said. Hc put his arm around her lithe waist, drew her to him and kissed her. ' Bluebeard !' said she. ' 1 ought to pull your hair !' She nestled in his arms, coaxed him and pleaded with him about Jack, but in vain. Then she became very still and thoughtful. All at once a singular expression flashed into her dark eves. She half started, rolled round in his arms like a ball, but said not a word. A few minutes later the captain l'pfcirnrl t.n liic mm that of his wife. He soon fell asleep, but awoke three hours later, and went on deck. It was a dark night, aud the wind was blowing almost a gale. The captain looked leeward, but through the gloom he could see nothing of an island the ship had been approaching when lie went below. On making enquiries of the oilicer of the deck, however, lie learned that the island (one of the Foejee group) bore about a mile off the lee quarter. He now walked towards tlie long boat, in which he bad stationed Jack Wilton to keep a lookout. ' If I find him viligant and wakeful, 1 will let him have his wa.tch below !'' he muttered, gently, the dark, plead ing eyes of liis wife haunting his mind. 'Halloa! He is asleep!' added the skipper, as he approached the form seated in the boat. In fact, the head of the ' look-out' was bowed, and the deep breathing that saluted the captain was indica tive of profound slumber. Barton's quick temper was at once aroused. He sprang towards the dimly- revealed form in tho boat, climbed into the vessel, and rushed at tbe sleeper, intending to seize him by the shoulder, and give him a merciless shaking. But at that moment the ship plunged heavily, aud, in his haste, the captain caught his foot against the boat-mast, rolling it half out of the craft, and falling almost prostrate in the boat. As he fell, his outstretched hand struck violently against the back of the slumberer, who, thus pushed over the gunwale, struck against the mast, which at once dropped into the sea. The young look-out went with it, pitching head foremost into the dark waters. ' Man overboard !' shrieked the captain, in dismay, as he staggered to his feet. ' Lively there ; back the main-yard aud down with the boat !' he added, leaping to the deck. But, just then, a loud, buzzing noise was heard. Struck hy a sudden, terrific gale, the ship went over on her beam ends and tore through the waters, with the spray sweeping her fore and aft. An attempt was made to lower tho boat, but it was dashed to fragments against the ship's side. The wind blew great guns. It shrieked like a, hyena in the quivering ihrouds, and the roaring sea became white, with whirling foam and spray. No boat could be lowered now. ' Lost ! The boy is lost ! ' groaned the captain. 'What will she say when she hears of it — that 1 pushed her brother overboard? ' He had not ti.e courage to tell her. 1 lours passed, and he walked the dec]; like a madman. By this time tho storm had abated. For a few minutes the moon shone ; then it was hidden by the clouds, and the darkness again fell. ' 1 cannot tell Mabel — 1 cannot wake her yet! She will learn the dreadful truth soon enough ! '' mut tered the wretched man. Not long after, the dim light of coming dawn struggled through the gloom. A solemn look rested on the fares of the sailors. livery eye was turned towards the miserable captain. All at once from the steerage emerged a slender youth. The cap tain stared aghast. Then he started hack with a terrible cry. It was Jack Wilton he saw — the cabin-boy whom lie thought he had pushed overboad on the previous night. He rushed up to the boy and caught him by the arm, while the astonised seamen all came thronging aft. 'What does this mean? Speak! Speak!' he gasped. 'I pushed you out of the long-boat into the sea, and here ? ' ' What ? Ob, Mr. Barton ! What!' interrupted the youth, turning as pale as death. ' You don't mean ? ' Speak out ! Speak, 1 tell you ! ' roared tho skipper trembling in every limb. ' 1 say 1 thought 1 pushed you overboard. You were asleep, as 1 thought, there oil the look-out, and ? ' I ' 1 — I ? ' stammered the youth. ' No, it was not J. My sister came and said she would take my place. She insisted, and, putting oh my bat and cloak, so that no person might l guess it was she, sat down ill the boat and sent mo below to sleep. You said you pushed her into the sea, but. of course, you arc jesting. You do not ; mean it ! ' ' What have I done ? ' screamed tlie miserable man, almost frantic. ' 1. see, now ! It was my own wife 1 pushed overboad ! ' lie loaned against the rail for sup port. He wrung his hands aud tore his hair. ' But she is not lost ! No, no!' he shrieked, almost beside himself. '? Mabel, Mabel, come back to me ! ' he added, in a plaintive, despairing voice, stretching out his hands over tho wild waters. ' He is going mad,' said the mate. But at length the captain became calmer, although his face was as ghastly as that of tho dead, lie wore ship and retraced his course to wards the island. When within a mile of it he ordered a boat to be lowered. He had it manned and was pulled to the beach. A group of wild islanders stood there, ' I want my wife!' cried the cap. tain. ' Wife ? What mean ? ' inquired one of the savages, who could speak a little English. ' She fell overboard last night, but she was a good swimmer, and I think she most have reached the beach,' said the skipper confidently. But the native shook his head. ' She is here ! 1 am sure of it I ' insist'd tbe captain. ' Mad ! Mad ! ' muttered the mate, who had accompanied him. All that day the skipper searched about the island for his wife, but no sign of her could be found. The moment he reached tho ship, Barton was stricken down with a raging fever. For many days he lay in this de lirium. When he recovered he was a mere wreck of his former self ; but his mind had recovered from the shock- it had received. He could now talk in a rational manner about his wife, 'She is lost! lost! But 1 will soon join her,' he said, mournfully. ' 1 am not long for this world.' His conscience gave him no rest. His bandit was that had sent her into the dark waters. True, it was an ac cident ; but was it violence that had caused it. In due time the ship reached .Java, the port of her destination. The ves sel was not long anchored, when tho skipper went below and took from a pantry some prussic acid, with which he intended to put an end to his wretched life. He poured the poison into a cup, and was about raising it to his lips, when a light beautiful form tlesceuded the companion steps. Hc turned, still holding the cup, to behold a most un expected vision. For a moment he stared wildly, as if looking at a ghost. It was his wife — his own beautiful 1 wife— hc saw before him ! A wild cry escaped him, and the ? two rushed into each other's arms. Then from the deck there rose a cheer that made the vessel shake from keel to bulwark, and seemed to split the very skies. The crew had seen Mrs. Barton when she came, aboard from a shore-boat, and were now expressing the wild joy that thrilled them all. Explanations wore soon made by the happy wife. The moment she struck the water on that night when she fell overboard, she had waked, and instinctively throwing out her arms, she had touched the boat-mast, which had fallen with her. To this mast she clung. Her skill as a. swimmer assisted her in keeping her position. She was carried past the island. By that time the storm had. subsided and the moon shone. Ahead of her approaching she beheld a small ?schooner. It passed so near her that by shouting she attracted the attention of lhe crow. A boat was lowered, and she was picked up, half senseless. As soun as she could speak, she told her story. But she ci'iild not make her self understood bv the wild crew, who wove natives of some neighbouring island and did not understand a word of Knglish. They were evidently traders in cocoa-nut oil, and wen; bound for some port not far distant. At dawn she looked about her, but owing, probably, to an intervening headland, she could not see her hus band's ship. The schooner kept on, and in a few I days arrived at jiennell's Island. There, to Airs. Barton's joy, slu: found a small steamer hound for Java. She took passage aboard of it, and thus ar rived at that port forty-eight hours before her husband. A happy day for the captain. For I Jack Wilton, too, who again and I again embrced his noble sister. I'' rum i that hour Barton was never known to give way to a hasty temper. j According to news received at New I York from Linares, Mexico, a serious accident occurred there during a bull light at the close of the annual [ festival. A high wall backing a series of tiers of temporary seats, whieh were crowded with spectators, suddenly col lapsed and fell upon tbe j people beneath. Eight persons wore j killed and thirty were injured. 