|T0Pi«S0FTH£ WEEK iJenalli and Yarrawonga is a wayward electorate. Last year it would not have Mr. Campbell at tlie by-election, but put Trim in very shortly afterwards at the general elec tion. 'Jlie same thins has happened now. First it selects Colonel Templeten, and then (a .fresh poll being ordered) Mr. Kennedy. Colonel Temple ton's experience is Iiard. Tlie fresh election. was ordered because the ballot papers ran out at Devenish l>eforc tlie poll closed. UTie colonel now Ijeats Mr. Kennedy hands down at Devenish, and yet loses the election. The protectionists win back a seat they lost eighteen months ago, when Mr. Campbell got in ; but the success has been achieved by means \\\1iich show they are troubled with many fears arid anxieties. Opinion is decidedly changing, though the electors can still be gulled by ghost stories and terrors of darkness. Colonel Terapleton was most villainously maligned. His opponent g t fair play, but the colonpl none. Tlie few votes he Rave in tlie As sembly on the Metropolitan Board Bill-fa question that solely concerns the ratepayers of Melbourne. and suburbs-were misrepre sented and magnified into attacks oh tlie earnings of the working man. He had at tributed to him free trade "designs" which were imagined by diseased protectionist i^inds twenty-Gve and thirty years ago, wlieji tlie colonel was a youth. The journal which iisjs denounced the management of the rarl is&ys; because members of Parliament were /allowed to bring deputations, now. with its usual callous inconsistency, ursied Benalla and Yarruwonga to choose Mr. Kennedy be cause he would have more time than Colonel Tenipleton to trot round the departments, and use the very political influence which is said to be so mischievous to good govern ment. Ti»e desperate means employed to win the seat ar* a clear sign that the cause has arrived at that critical stage when the patient will make any sacrifice to prolong tlie life of a body that is breaking up. Mr. Kennedy had to speak very mild protection to get votes from the farmers. If he believes in high duties he liad to dissemble his views. It is to be regretted that as many as 82$ electors should have contentedly and cheerfully voted for a man who hail to make such humiliating and pitiful explanations about the declaration which he signed at the previous election to get votes which Mr. Max Ilirsch had to dispose of. Mr. Kennedy begins his political career with au ugly smudge on the record. It is singular that the promoters of Scrip ture reading in the state schools should be able to prove teffench other, at each annual meeting, that an overwhelming majority of the population is with theip (11 to 1), and that i the opponents of Bible teaching are (as the ! assertive Dr. Kentoul says) " bankrupt in j argument."'and yet tlie movement makes iro ! progress. No doubt tlie -position, from tire i point ot view of the churclies, is serious. A ' great many children are growing up without i receiving any religious teaclimg,. but J t is j paltering with words and'trilling with "* [ grave question to call the reaflmg of Ti-pai ! sage or two from the IfyAe religious teaching. '< Certain good men, niostly ("jwe ! troubled in conscience Wcftusean fmporta'iU work is not being done, hiittjj^-do. no.uioee s than pass resolutions /tffej ' which is otherwise occupied, artdrias no j cern with religion-should do the work. It ; is the fashionable practice of going to the ? Government. This troubling of the con science should be a call to them to form some public but voluntary organisation, but they merely look round to see whom they can shift the call on to. If there is a numerous body of people in favour of teaching the Scriptures (not to their own children, who are fittingly taught, but to the children of others), they might, if organised, raise funds to get tile teaching done. When men and women are troubled in soul over the neglected con dition of the Polynesians and tlie Chinese, they do not wait as a deputation on tlie I Premier and ask him to send Dr. Pear son or Mr. Vale. They either go them selves or collect the money to induce missionaries to go. And if the means can be found to pro ride religious teaching without state interference for thousandsof Polynesians and hundreds of Chinese, why is not some effort directed to the teacliing of the heathen among us? Twobr three women weot away to China from Sydney a few, weeks ago, where missionary work does as much harm as good, leading to local broils and international differences. Ought they not to have stayed here, where they are so much wanted : There is very little genuine, religion in a movement which contents itsetf wftfr voting that somebody else Bhonld take up the neglected duty. It costs only the ex pense of a little gas and a tittle advertising to hold meetings in the Assembly-haU and pass empty resolutions. In the first place, no religions teaching de serving of the name can be taught in state schools; and in lite second, il we insert read ing lessons to pliase tlie Protestants, we must give the Roman Catholics « separate grant, or, in otherwords, subsidise the teach ing of die Catholicfaith. The chief purpose of iheseootar system-to bring all classes o! children mto the state schools-would be de feated by the eaarfiomg scheme wfaufa Bishop Goe, Dr. Robinaon, Mr. Barber, and Dr. Rentoul want adopted, so that tbey may say, " Thank goodness, that burden is got rid of, and we may now go to sleep." The Kingston Ministry bis promised to try ?again with the Women's Suffrage Bill, which waiHpst in the Sooth Australian Assembly laeeaote the majority voting for it did adt HOOtisrateiM absolute majority of thesfiwrfe ;9mej - Several aaembete wfeo had promised \- t the bill deceived the ladles,** tkfe . mcbshnsbaad sometimes does ?'best . 1* wives*h? giving avote that wW^sFoedi leu. Ther ^'wurtdoff" or, in«»fcir agreed with an equal number of opponents of women's suffrage to stay away, so pre venting the absolute majority from being recorded. Mr. Kingston sympathised with the representatives of the Women's Suffrage Le.-vgue when they complained to him of the way in which they had been sold. The bill Mr. Kingston promises to restore, to the notice paper, and in the meantime the ladies are to " interview" the members who failed them in the tast division. They have been doing the interviewing so zealously, from one of the committee- rooms in the House, that timorous members have set up the cry that their "privileges" have been trespassed upon, and called upon the Speaker to exclude " strangers " in petticoats from the reserved parts of the Houses of Parliament. In the Adelaide press the ladies have been warned that they have been guilty of the American crime of " lobbying," and really must leave off. If there is one thiug that woman believes in it is the irresistible effect of a "personal interview." She has little faith in the efficacy of appeals made in writing. She knows that the "good man" willmake excuses in a letter or telegi^m vhich heDafe not mention in a iete:(irtete> explanation. So she sees in Adelaide'thai if Bbe is to get thi9 bill passed it will: ofnly.fcfe .qityirtg i down to a four or five to one cotifefkttbfe Vtfh each member, and beseephjjng or caressing him till he gives in. The rajhfo Afs|M^)\anJ Assembly is slightly reluctant -to confess right out that men have ceased to be com petent to govern the colony (which iB what extending the suffrage to women amounts to), eo it is proposed to refer two questions to male electors and unenrolled women-are you willing that women shall vote for the Assembly? Are you willing that Buch of them as are qualified as freeholders and leaseholders shall vote for the Council? The Women's Franchise League call this a "complicated" mode of submitting the question. They are afraid that asking women two questions instead of one will puzzle the would-be voters. It is a fear which would justify not putting any questions at all. for if such ABC queries are too much for the feminine understanding, how can it be said that women are qualified to vote with due intelligence on the mixed issues that arise at every election ? The league dislikes this preliminary test, and indeed would if possible dispense with the referen dum altogether, lest the fact should be brought out that the vast majority of the sex is anything but eager for enrolment. If the referendum is carried, the poll should be taken before the league gets time to work up a fictitious interest. The retiring American Consul-General, Mr. Wallace, who has gone out of office with his party, made Bome sensible remarks on the prospects of the colonies when paying a farewell visit to Brisbane lately. All Americans are interested and sympathetic observers of Australian affairs. There are 110 "monarchical institutions" to offend their prejudices, and we are a people very much like themselves, only a good deal j younger. Mr. Wallace told his Brisbane interviewer that the principal want of Queensland is immigration: "To desire no increase in vour population and to have anv prejudice against "any effort to secure that end-which I understand many of your people have -Deems to me most unwarranted, for the reason that icork beget* work anywhere and everywhere. The increase of your population would increase the amouiit of work for the population vou aheadv ?have." It is a curious fact, unknown probably to Mr. Wallace, that the opposition to immigration comes chiefly from persons and classes who were brought out to Queensland at the public expense. They want the door shut after them. Mr. Wallace does not believe, how ever, in direct state aid. " As soon as you teach an immigrant to lean on the Govern ment hy giving him free transit his back bone melts away. He never again supports himself." The paternal form of govern ment which we are doing so much to develop, which many are beginning to worship as the Ideal government, surprises and amuses an American. No one..jn- ttie-J^nited States thinks of running" t<j .the J^yernih^nt when lie wants .anything doher ^^er^ is no paternal G^verpment to ning \ system of test*go* verned peophiAf'tbe least governe*lrrfu<AfcpGovern mental cv}ntrA^4»^i«K^«t2^v<p»mr^ach as the ownerahlpof seltphones, wharves, nartiouttiHafBtSBB^Maffited co-operative settlement schemes, and such things, is unknowu." The self-sacrifice and ingenuity of the American are developed by the circum stances of his position. He forms a " bee " among his neighbours, and makes a road or mends a bridge, while an Australian "locality" would be organising deputations to interview j the Minister for Public Works. Mr. Wallace j does not say this, of course. He merely notes the difference between the Aus tralian plan and the American, and politely states that the experiment we are trying is an interesting one for Americans to study. Were the Government a supernatural institu tion, and did it manufacture out of nothing t$$ gold it spends, we should all be doing right in going to it for every thing, but the best of Ministers know very little of anything but politics or the art of getting into office, and the moneys they squander are the rates and taxes which Parliament extracts out of the pockets of the very people who go to them for votes and grants. " What does a plough man know about finance ?" once asked Sir Graham Beriy. " What," the farmer may »sk, "does any politician know about plough ing f The average politician is wanting in any kiud of praotioal knowledge,,and yet we .re always going to him as the source of wisdom and wealth. . ? . Sir George Bibbs succeeded so well with diis !.cheme-taken with due auknowledg attentftom The Amu-ior relieving the Jfinteciai tension of May and June, when the bttoleBMixe JalUa# one after the other like looses **fosKli, 4hat we hesitate to question 4be #pediC(U9iof 'ibe»^nk Note Bill, to be yfciiapenUibn foriB Jcqontbt. he is forcing into law now. The legislation of the early winter stopped the run in Sydney and the country towns, and enabled the banks to place their stocks of gold where gold was moat urgently needed. When depositors found that they could get nothing but notes they let the deposits rest where they were, and when the Government guaranteed cash for deposit receipts on banks that had closed for repairs the effect was to convert looked up money into immediately available coin. The risky coup came off, and the scare was ended. The present measure makes New South Wales notes a legal tender in every part of the colony except in Sydney, where gold must be paid. Gold which would otherwise be wasted in small quantities throughout the country districts is thus set tree for the central market Now that notes are a first charge on the assets in New South Wales, as has for some time been the case in Victoria, there is no hardship in such legis lation. The weakest even of mushroom banks are "able to redeem their notes when they close. A bank note is as good as gold so long as only Government deposits and .yoteB are a first charge. Were everything | mfede a first charge-a beginning that way ~was\made when it was proposed to add the' acfcotants of friendly societies and charities the list-the bank note would not be :ivprth par, or anything near par, but at pre Isent it is worth par, and therefore it is not unfair to make it a legal tender for local pur poses. But inconvenience and loss will probably arise in the border towns and at Broken Hill, which does most of its business with South Australia. The thing wanted is legislation compelling banks that carry on business in more colonies than one to cash, say, their Sydney notes in Melbourne at par, or their Melbourne notes in Adelaide ot par. They ought to give gold for their own paper free of exchange. An Albaiy man would then be able to pay Wodonga bills with New South Wales notes, and Broken Hill transac tions might be conducted indifferently in New South Wales and South Australian paper. It is not fair to the public when they take to a bank in Melbourne one of its own notes, issued in Sydney, that they should have to pay 6d. or Is. for getting tire promise to pay on demand fulfilled. Maps and reports brought by the Oceana supply the key to the movements of the forces engaged in the little war with the Matabele. which has interested Australians during the past three weeks. When the mail left, on October 20, the fighting which has since taken place was about to begin. The territory held by the Matabele is an almond-shaped tableland, lying on the slant across the map of-South Africa. Its direction is about N.N.E. and S.S.W. At the southern end it comes within toujphof Bechuanatand, and the country of the chietlvhama, friendly to the British. To the ea^t and north it in surrounded by the boomjgtopir- shaped district in which the principal fipiCs of the company (Sa iiabu ry, Cliairter,.i* ietorifl, &c.;)are ^ituated. The dominions of Lobengula are difficult to euter, as they are flanked by granite ranges and boulder-strewn ravines. Though the Matabele have many ways of descending from their plateau when they wantto forage for cattle or captives, their usual prey, there are only two ways of getting at them with forces carrying artillery waggons. The " almond" can be entered only at its extreme ends ; so while the company's forces setting out from Fort Charter and Fort Victoria climbed in by the north gateway (filing up ravines and sur mounting ranges), the Bechuanaland column (troops and police) sought an opening from the south, by way of Tati. Lobengula was thus threatened from two directions, and the company's forces had arrived at and burned down Buluwayo before Major Ad.<ms, with the Bechuanaland forces, made that Matabele stronghold. Almost all the difficulties of the expedition arose from the rugged nature of the ground to be traversed, and the absence of proper roads. And the troops, once fighting be came imperative, had to move quickly, for the rainy season in these tropical parts (Buluwayo is near the 20th parallel) sets in late in November or early in December, and once the rivers are up travelling becomes nearly impossible. The motive for despatch, despite Radical protests from London, can be understood. Had any time been lost in parleying, Lobengula would have ob tained four or five months' respite. There is very little time left for completely subduing him, but even if the troops should have to withdraw without completing their victory the lesson they have taught the Matabele must put an end to the raids they have been making into the territory of the company an(T'the Hpshenas who work for the com pany's settlers. The " Han in the Iron Mask " is one of the standing puzzles of history. Everyone has heard of him, and everyone has felt a burning desire to know who be was. The woes of this unfortunate individual, who was tor a lifetime an inmate of several French, prisons, have furnished a theme for innumerable writers of poetry and fiction, and many theories have been put forward by historical j investigators in explanation of the mystery.; A discovery has juBt been made in Paris which, it is thought, goes a good way to solving the problem. A loner letter in cipher i from Louis XIV. to Louvois, the ^Minister of j War, which has hitherto defied all efforts to decipher, has at length, it is said, been made out. The letter was found among the papers: of the celebrated Marshal Gatinat, and/was carefully preserved by his descendants, from whom it ultimately passed to the French War Office. It Bete forth that Jhe King is greatly displeased at the conduct of General de Burlonde, who, against his instructions, had raised the ^iege of CSonti, and itcrdera that he shall , he arrested and imprisoned at Pignerol, where he is to be shot np tot night and allowed to take pntAoor exercise only/in aioupor black velvet inask. jjpi' transmitted by Louvois to Oati'nat. who 'akw* that it was carried out This letter is one of several in the handwriting of the Grand Monarque, but they are all written in a cipher to which no one has been able to find the key until recently, when M. H'izeries, who had for some time been engaged on the task, succeeded in deciphering them. If the authenticity of the document is beyond dis pute it certainly looks as though the mystery had been cleared up. It is well known that the musk worn by the prisoner was of black velvet with iron Bpringa, that he made re peated attempts to communicate hiB name to soldiers, and that he WAS treated with great respect by bis military gaolers. No pro minent person disappeared about the time the man in the mask w<is first imprisoned, and Louis XV., who knew the secret, de clared that it was a matter of no importance. The chief difficulty lies in finding a motive for such extreme precautions, but, as the London Spectator points out, the King may have feared that if the secret became known it might cause discontent among the officers or soldiers. It is possible that the records of the French Foreign Office may contain further information, and show whether the career of General de Burlonde can be traced beyond the year when the prison of Pignerol first received the *' Mnn in the Iron Mask." 