? ? THE SQyiB@'£ DAUGHTER, A HOMANCE OF ENGLISH OpUJCTRS; LWP [ALL BIGHTS BESEBVED.] CHAPTER 17. •fOmtinuei.) By MRSrEDWABD KENNARD, '•• „ •• , , ''Straight aa a Die,'.'&c;,, &c.; , <" No, thank goodness.", she ex? claimed indignantly. " Andj what's more, our tastes are -never likely to. agree. May I . venture to 'enquire ty what right you find fault with mine?"' He looked at her sadly. Angry as she was the dumb yearning expression of his countenance sent .a queer, un : comfortable little thrill through her frame. " By no right," he said. "I am but too well aware of that." "Your behaviour is quite at variance with die admission, she returned haughtily. " I would not stand such language from my own father, much less from you. He might have some excuse, but you—you (suddenly breaking down) have none. I shall never forgive you; never. I-itsed to like you, but I don't now—not one bit." • - 'Don't say. that," he pleaded humbly, aghast at the etorm he had raised. " It will break my heart." " I don't care if it does. You have wounded my pride in the most gross and cruel manner.. What girl could bear to be told that she spent her time out hunting, in flirting with a man who, for all she knows, may ..not even care about her? It's "not particularly nice to be accused of riding in people's pockets. I wonder you don't say that I run after you. I suppose that will be tbe next thing," and she laughed hysterically. " There ia no fear of that," he said sorrowfully. " I only wish to goodness there were." " Oh! indeed! You relieve my feelings vastly. I rejoice that where your lordship is concerned you acquit me of such unmaidenly conduct. That is an immense consolation to my feelings. You don't really think that I have systematically made up to you then ?" He could not bear her sarcastic tone. It wounded him to the quick. He put out his hand, and before she knew what he was about he was wringing hers hard, with a vice-like pressure that nearly brought the tears to her eyes. "Forgive me," he said penitently. " I had no earthly business to speak as I did. If you like Captain Mordaunt better than you do me, and he has it in his power to make you happy, it's all right. "God, 1 bless you, Kitty dear, whatever happens. You are angry with me now, and deservedly so, hut perhaps by-and-bye, when things turn out according to your wishes, you will come to see that when a fellow is very wretcherf he does not always pause to choose his words." So saying, he hurried away, leaving her full of vague regret that she should have occasioned so much pain to one whom she liked very well in his way. yet unable to see how it could have been prevented. OHAPTER V. LOVE-STAKING. A slight mist obscured Kitty's vision, as she watched her late companion go up to Charlton, and enter into conversation with him. " Poor old Algy," she soliloquised. "Why wouldn't he take a hint and hold his tongue ? Men are so stupid, and yet I'm awfully sorry for him. He's such a good soul, and I believe he's genuinely fond of me. Papa likes him, too, and in some ways its unfortunate that I can't return his affection ; but I can't, especially since I've known Cyril, so it's no use thinking about it. Now, I suppose things will be more uncomfortable between us than ever. Heigh, ho! It's a sad pity he won't content himself with our relations being friendly and nothing more. One can't marry everybody in this world, even if one wanted to. I wonder where Cyril is all this time. I hope to goodness be has not had a bad fall, and broken his bones. I'm always afraid of some accident happening to him. He doeB ride so hard, and even recklessly, that I often wish he had just a trifle of Lord Algy's judgment." People were now beginning to arrive from various directions, and at length, to her great joy, she perceived the object ot her thoughts coming cantering along with a very black face and a very muddy coat, plastered over with Midlandshire clay. She went up to him at once, unable to conceal her anxiety, in spite of the sting implanted by Lord Algy's remarks. "Oh, Captain Mordaunt," she ex claimed, " I am grieved beyond measure „ SriUilB yoK'wen'otMrt.'' right,; bar® little dirt, and a bruise or two on by-left leg." < How didyou fall?" of ahorae,'?strik|n| lfcl poor animal a blow on the hpad with then-butt and of -his hunting crop,"an action whioh caused Kitty ; to 1 wince, "turned clean head over heels whifej.1 wasgalloping after. Charlton dpwn one of/ those confounded rides in Carehalton Wood; He went such a complete sqmereault that l lost hold of the reikis; and he^got loose, leaving me to pursue in a pairofnew and consequently'tight boots. Just see the state they are in." And'he lifted his feet for her inspection, with'a shudder of disgust. She jooked at them commiseratively, remarking,"It was awfully bad luck. We have had such a splendid run." r "I know that," he returned, tearing savagely at his moustache, and knawing the ends with vexation. "You may spare yourself the trouble of dinning the fact into my ears. I have not met a single soul who has not already done so, and I am tired of hearing about the gopd gallop I have lost. My mortification is complete, I assure you, without listening to further panegyrios." His tone was rough, not to say rude; but she was accustomed to the growlings of disappointed sportsmen, and took no notice'of it. " Aocidents will happen sometimes," she said,' soothingly. " I suppose you were never quite able to catch us up ?" '• No, I've been riding a Btern chase all the way. The hounds went at euch an infernal pace that I could not succeed in making up lost ground, and waB at least half-a-dozen fields ' behind the leading division. Have you any idea what they are going to do next?" " Nothing, I fancy," she responded. " Time is getting on, and I heard Lord Algy give the order for home a few minutes ago." " It's quite early yet," objected Cyril, anxious to atone for his defeat. "Yes, but both he and Charlton seem to think that horses and hounds have done enough tor to-day. The whips are only mounted on cub-hunters, and as the Duke's sale is next Tuesday, I expcct they don't want to give them too much of-, a gruelling. One never quite knows the wheels within wheels. Anyhow, home, sweet home, is the order of the day, to which nolens vohm we must submit." " Lord Algy is Buch a deuced clever fellow," observed Cyril sne'ringly. " The old Duke has a thousand times more ' go' in him." "I don't think you quite do Lord Algy justice," she said. " He is very quiet, and strangers sometimes mistake him for a slow-coach, but he is far from being one in reality. He rode splendidly to-day—almost as well as you could have done yourself, which is saying a good deal." "Oh! of course," he -retorted, brusquely. ." You stiek up for him. That's 1 quite, natural. A title invariably has its attractions." This time she was roused by the irritability—not to say uncivility—of his address, and looked at him with with reproachful severity. " I do not think you are in a position to make that remark to me, Captain Mordaunt. It is ungenerous, if nothing more, and I did not give you credit for any lack cf generosity. I am sorry to be undeceived." Her words struck home. He began to feel ashamed of his ill-humour, and especially of venting it upon her. A flush rose to hiB face. "Where is your father?" he inquired, seeking to change the conversation. "Was he thrown out also ?" " Yes, I fancy so. Papa went on to Copple Clump, and he has not turned up since. I have been expecting him every minute." Cyril gave his horse a touch of the spur, and came close alongside of Tiny Tim, who laid back his ears as if resenting such close proximity. 'Shall we rido home together? he 6aid, lowering - his voice, ' It's not much use standing about here any longer, letting the gees catoh cold-; and unless my bump of locality plays me false, our road is the same for the first part of the way." A thrill shot through her frame. She had a presentiment of what was<!oming, and why be waB so anxious to secure a tete-d-iete. "If you like," she responded, almost inaudibly, turning Tiny Tim's head in the desired direction. "Everyone will be going soon." Lord Algy, although he appeared so interested in what Charlton was saying, saw them move off, and a shadow passed over his placid, good- humoured face. He smothered a sigh, and, turning on hie heel, remounted the gallant young horse which had carried him so well through the run. 'It's not the least use my pro iROUl^in ft .minute if I thought-I had 4 chance ;< >bufr I -haven't—root 'the ghost of 'one/ Since that confounded" young jpuppy appeared 1 oh the 'scene. ,he has quite out ' She rised to like me urell enough ionoe, hut now it'a all over, attd the gamo 5B lost, or as good &B; lofel. 'I wonSer what she seeB in him— I wonder how' the.. dickens ; he. bas managed to . get round her in the way he has. Here have I been trying for years to mabe her care for me, ana no sooner Hoes'he'turn up than she falls head over ears in love with him, Bah 2 I wish Mordaunt would propose and have done with it; then perhaps I should not feel, as rostlees and. miserable and unsettled'as I .do now. She'd take him, I feel sure; though according to my -way of thinking he's very far from being a good chap." Thus meditating, he turned resolutely away, so as ao longer to torture himself by the sight'of those two fine, straight, young'figures, riding side by side. " They'll iriakp a handsome, cguple," he mused, with a pang of envy. " To give him his due, the fellow is uncommonly good looking in the curled and scented barber's block style. I don't admire it, but evidently the girls do. Miss Merton- is quite wild about him also, and ready to 1 tear Kitty's eyes out for being first favourite. I wonder what there is about a guardsman which always takes with the.women." Meanwhile, . the objects - of hiB thoughts were calmly pursuing their homeward way. . Their hearts were full, and a magnetic consciousness existed, between them, which proved an effective hindrance to fluent speech. An onlooker might easily have mistaken them for a very dull couple with nothing, or npxff to nothing to say to one another.: That he would have been mistaken, we know; for their silence did not proceed from stupidity, but rather from an inward happiness which made them speculate as to whether any spoken wordB could add to it. Bightly or wrongly, Kitty said to herself that she could have been content to remain for ever in this blissful stage. The expentancy.of love is often sweeter to a woman than the love itself. Her fancy builds up such beautiful illusions. She weaves around'lt so many tender ideals drawn from the pure recesses of her imagination;' yet, even while she does so, an uneasy, vague presentiment whispers thai the holy bonds of matrimony may never succeed in realising them. And so she would fain rest on the threshold, and bask in the sunshine of courtship, not anxious to precipitate an event which will surely bring serious cares and increased anxiety, But the man is differently constituted. After he has looked 'at the fruit for a short time, he waiits to taste it and covets possession, eren although he may weary of the object of his desires directly it is attained. Love is not eo sacred to him as to the woman. It is merely an inoidentin.his life; an event inhere, on which all her future happiness depends. She approaches , it, therefore, with a deeper and more reverent feeling.—Meanwhile, our riders reached a nice, well- kept road, with a wide margin of smooth turf on either side. Nature had already planted the hedgerows with bold autumnal colours. Her liberal hand had dashed in reds, and yellows, and browns, iii a harmonious mingling of tiuts, which no human draughtsman can aspire to imitate. Here "and there, amidst the general signs of decay, a cluster of leayes retained' their summer hue, and« shone out brilliantly green. The long glasses waved their rueset tufts, and t iok on a duBty shade as the fresh morning breeze swept over them, causing them to rustle and sigh. ' The trees Overhead were shedding their foliage, carpeting the ground, and leaving bough and bole to stand out black against the cloudy sky, through which the sun broke at irregular intervals. A patch of light fell' ou Kitty's chesnut brown hair, and .irradiated it with a borrowed glory..-.-It 1$ up the smooth contour of her cheek, revealing the fineness and softness of its texture. A gleam of tawny orange shot from the depths of her dark • eyes, lending them fire and force. Ail of a sudden Cyril felt that the moment had come, and the strings of his tongue became unloosed. Her lithe, swaying form filling the saddle so gracefully, the delicate poise of her head, carried alert on her fine, white neck, and the shadowy eweep of her long eyelashes, inspired him with a determination there and. then to put an end to the situation. She had everything that he desired to meet with in a Wife. Wealth, youth, beauty—where could he hope to find a better bride ? And he had not so very much to offer on his side to make him look higher. Only' a loving heart- and a wardrobe full of smart clothess most of which were not paid for. iFive and twenty thousand pounds down in a couple of years, with excellent prospectB and a rdaspised. Asgufcg^qs^or his love raa not of * that ^ uncomfortable, . over t^^eriiig kittdj ^hich defies reason^ fad .jiM^histhroatJandsaid waiptjSc( to .twyoujmatJ^ejMrf^ yesterday, on a isubj ect whioh concerns ie very 1 •»ind66a,^.;fe^'pnaed;ffitty; with iretty jlbow". ^1'iifit^^t,,; What w^ ier,HBWB?'~ J .'. .s.\\., I I " She wants me. to come and see r he| &s; soon as possible, and —^—" pausing to ascertain wbat effect the words would Iproduce, "[bringyou,"; . .''..-. i ; " Bring: me!. That, 4s very kind of Lady Mordaunt. fiome time or other i should extremely .'like.-to make you? Another's acquaintance/' for she felt ja Reverent regard for tbe wopian who ,had been the means of bringing so perfect a pon into the world. ( • - • i ' ;" IH seems," he continued, gazing at her steadily, "that, the old lady has been hearing some reports about you and me. People do talk so infernally?' A vivid blush Ilyed Kitty's face crimson. He 1 smiled : triumphantly at the sight. It made him feel more than ever sure of her. u I—I—hope Lady Mordaunt is not angry," she Btammered confusedly, finding he waited for a . reply, and at a loss what to say. " Angry,"he laughed. " Why should she be?" " I—I—don't know." " On the contrary," he resumed," m^ mother is most anxious for me to write, and let her know if she may welcome you as her daughter-in-law." Total sjlence succeeded this speech, somewhat to his amazement. He had expected an immediate answer, and was a trifle disconcerted. "May she, Kitty?" he' said persuasively, after a slight pause. And reining in his horse to a standstill, he placed a detaiuing hand on Tiny Tim's mane. The first shock over, she was bot^i too honest and too much in earnest to conceal her feelings or to practise the least coquetry. She turned a happy face towards him,' and with eyeB smiling, yet withal bashful, and lips parted in a tender curve, said frankly,— " Oh! Cyril, you know that you may. What must you have thought of me to doubt my reply?" In spite of Tiny Tim's evident disapproval, he managed to put bis arm round her waist, and to steal a kiss, which left her all rosy and confused. " Kitty," he said presently, "yon have made me so happy.. I don't think there ever was a much happier man than I am at this moment. All the last week I have been longing to tell you how dearly I loved you, and to-day I made up my-mind to know my fate. The suspense was getting unbearable." And again be would have attempted an embrace, had not Tiny Tim defeated his intention. " How long is it since you first began to like me ? " she asked, her face one sparkle of a smile. "I don't think I ever began at al As far as I was concerned it was au instantaneous affair—a regular case of love at first sight. Do you remember the morning the hounds met at Bosquet Grove? Well, I was struck all of a heap. and. could not rest until I found Colonel Brabazon, whom I had seen speaking to you a short time previously, and got him to introduce me." She laughed, a satisfied laugh. "And what did you think of .me, Cyril ? I should like to hear." " I thought you, without exception, the very prettiest and nicest girl I had ever set eyes on." "But you must have seen BO many nice- looking girls, especially in London. Guardsmen get invited to all the best houses, and they are proverbially popular. Are you quite, quite sure, sir, that you never lost your heart before ? it seems incredible ? " He stroked his moustache complacently. . . •• I have seen any number of girls," he said, " but not one to compare with you." And he glanced at her with genuine admiration. : (To be continued.) 