V.A.T.C. The first day's racing in connection with the spring meeting of the V.A.T.C. com menced at Caulfield Wednesday. Although the weather waB dull and threatening and a strong wind blowing, there was a large and fashionable attendance, an excellent day's sport being witnessed. The ball was set rolling with the Caulfield Stakes, for which 14 sported silk. Brockleigh was installed a firm favourite, and fully justified the confidence of his backers, as after being in the leading division all the way, the Caul field Cup favourite, when atked to, shot out and won cleverly by a length from Port Admiral. Brockleigh's time was two seconds longer than Camoola occupied 3asb year when he won the same race. The latter also started this year, but finished in the ruck. The Hurdle Race preved the good thing Sackera thought it was for Whifcefoot, as after making the whole of the running the bay gelding won as he liked from Leonardo, none of the others being in it. Patrician, who also started, threw Tomlin, his jockey, and the latter unfortunately got struck by the horae that followed Patrician. A field of 14 faced the starter for the Guineas, this number being eight in excess of last year. Pulvil was made favourite at twos, Patron, however, being well backed at a point longer odds. The Sailor Prince, who made a bold bid for victory, started at the remunerative price of 7 to 1. The race proved a stinger from start to finish, Pulvil ana Jf atron entering tne arraigns aimoscsiae by side, when The Sailor Prince, who was third, came with a great run, and at the distance was hailed the winner, but Patron, answering gamely to Trainor's call, came at the right moment and landed the stake for Mr Purcb.es cleverly by a neck. Patron's time was three-quarters of a second longer than occupied by last year's winner, Autonomy, who accomplished the distance in lmin 45^sec. Patron, who has shown very consistent form this year, is engaged in the V.R.C. Derby, for which on to-day's running he is certain to start a warm favourite, and from oresent airoearanoes ought to be there or thereabouts. The Handicap Steeplechase attracted 15 run ners, for which Knight of the Garter was pounced upon by backers as the pick of the basket, Mikado II. being established a good second favourite. The race was productive of many casualties, no less than four of the competitors coming down. Knight of the Garter, after flattering his supporters, had to strike his sails to the speedy Mikado, who when the pinch came went -away and won as he liked by six lengths. Sixteen youngsters went to the post for the Debutant Stakes, Athata being made a strong favourite at 5 to 2, the winner standing at the tempting price of 7 to 1. The race calls for little description, for after a wretched start Moorite, who was always handy, won comfortably from Lady's Maid by half a length. The winner is well bred on both side? and should be heard of again in the near future. The day's racing was brought to a close with the Toorak Handicap, which was won by the high- priced Titan, evidently showing that Scobie has got him back into his two-year-old form again. The meeting will be continued on Saturday, when the Caulfield Cup is set down for decision. ?n m n ma wtw a (titaxto The nominations for the Tasmanian Turf Club Spring Meet clo&ed; on Monday even ing. For the Trial Stakes there are twelve nominated, including Quickfire, Marjory, Louise, Calstock, and Officer. These per formers have never been fortunate enough to appropriate the stakes in any oE our bigger events, but perhaps some of them may come to the front tbis season. Mar jory has given promise of blossoming into a capable mare, but somehow her past running has seldom got her into a promi nent place. Calstock is another who has failed to reward his peraevering owner to the extent Borne were led by his earlier achievements to anticipate. Starlight (late Officer) has, if I mistake not, done service as a hack, but that would not prevent him running a good race provided he had the material in him. There are only seven nominations for the Maiden Hurdle, and amongst them I notice the names of Fairy, Kimberley, Cyclops, Recklesa (late Rufus) and others. I remember when Fairy used to carry pretty well everything before her at Chudleigh, but since she left her old proprietor, Mr Terence M'Mahon, the mare has not distinguished herself. How ever, I shall not be at all surprised to see her come to the front before the season is over. Kimberley is a horse who gave pro mise of good things once, but his perform ances at the bigger meetings last summer were decidedly disappointing. The one eyed Cyclops is in Mr P. Counsel's Delo raine stable, and is I am informed rapidly getting into fettle. That excellent jumper Rufus has had his name changed to Reck less. Fit and well he is always a horse worth watching in whatever event over small sticks he happens to be sent for. There are nine entries for the Newnham Park Handicap, aud looking down the list I find the names of the promising Lord Glasgow, the once unreliable Napier, the speedyKronborg.the compactly constructed Petrarch, and the attractive looking We. pean. Sweet Simplicity I note is nomi nated, as is also Bischoff, who I hear is likely to have a try for the Melbourne Cup. Seven names have been sent in for the Steeplechase, and these include Ouida, Reckless, Eli, Oioya, and Lantern. The Spring Handicap has attracted thirteen nominations, mo it of the horses entered for the Newnham Park Handicap figuring on the list. Altogether the nominations I total up fourteen in excess of last year's spring meet. ITEMS OF INTEREST. Bischoff, Kronborg, Petrarch, Lord Glas gow, Nepean, Ouida,Reckless (late Rufus), and Eli are all nominated for events in the T. T. C. Spring programme. Pauline and Harefield have been at work on the Elwick training track lately. That fine stamp of a huntiug sire Young Linne, is anounced to travel the north eastern districts this season. 0. Divey is in charge. A colt in Mr Doyle's stable by The Assyrian out of Rhine Wine has been named Lord GormaDSton. Prince Albert the well-known hurdle racer is said to be a hopeless cripple. The American sportsman Mr Pierre Lorrillard is about to retire from tho turf, and will sell M3 racing stud. Mr D. O'Brien's b c Viscount, by Sir Garnet from Iona, who was engaged in the New Zealand Cup with, an impost of 6it 91b, dropped dead last week. It is probable that no owner can meet with worse luck in racing than for his horse to run second. If it is in. a handicap the weight goes up and nothing gained. I have in this way seen a horse get from the bottom division up amongst the top without ever scoring a win. After' all it appears that the Flemington rf» 1 31 ?111 111 1 1 ?_ _ T ? * ?? roues win oe aoie to see tne winaing-up gallops of the Newmarket horses, as it is said that Tom Payten will leave Mordial loc afber October 21 (Caulfield Cup day). The horaes will then bs located at the Ascot Vale Hotel, and not at Laurence's, as in former year3. Advices from Newcastle state that the well- knoira sire Grandmaster, who has been lately suffering from an internal com ally recovering from his ailment. The great son of Gladiateur and Celerima is now 25 years old. Messrs- W. S. Tait and Company, who shipped the racehorse Apura to Noumea (New Caledonia), report thab the son of Cheviot and Otira won the treble at the race meeting held there on September 24, beating Blue Jacket, who was a warm favourite. In a six furlongs race he carried 103t 101b to victory in one minute 20 seconds 5 with lOst 5lb up, he covered one mile and seven furlongs in three minutes 36j seconds ; and at w.f.a. he negotiated two miles in three minutes 47i seconds. Mr J. Alsopp sent home to Havilah on October 2 Paris, Cameline, and Oakleaf. 1 ho mares will no doubt now go to the stud, but it is hard to say what will be done with Paris. It is said that Mrs Henry White, who owns the speedy little Grand master gelding, is very fond of him, and would hardly part with him for any sum. Mr John Alsopp will not leave Rand wick with Cremorne till about a week before the V.R.C. meeting. Trenchant has been nominated for the Rosehill October Handi cap, and no doubt it will depend mainly on how 'he shapes in that event as to his going over to compete in the V.R.C. Derby. I am inclined to think that he is sure to shape well, and will be (remarks the Syd ney writer ' Martindale ') oue of the hardest to beat in the V.R.C. blue ribbon Thus 'Nunquam Dorcuio' in a Mel bourne exchange : —After Wild Rose there is nothing I like better at Caulfield for the great mile and a half dash than Beverley, who also appears to be doing remarkably well. Redfearn bas certainly been unfor tunate with Correze, but with Beverley, Aquarius, and Malvolio, I incline to the belief that ' t'ould Tyke ' will 'tyke a bito' beatin' ' in the Caulfield Cup, V.R.C. Derby, and Melbourne Cup. There is no doubt about it but what Moscow is on the improving side ; his train ing track and public performances place that beyond the shadow of a doubt. Some there are, states a Melbourne sporting scribe, who aver that it is quite on the cards for him not alone to finish in a place but actually in the place in the Caulfield Cup, and if he keeps on improving much more it is quite on the cards that the result may prove these parties to have uttered the words of wisdom. Bungebah left for Mr Northern's station on October 4, where he will remain till about next March, when he will again be taken up and pub into work. About two montha back old ' Bunge ' appeared to be coming on well, and gave every promise of being again able to gallop in something like his old form. He, however, lost tha form again, and at the present time looks wretched, having lost all his muscle. It is wonderful, however, what can be done with geldings, bo that perhap3 the spell and liberal treatment will have a good effect. Should not such be the case, I think, remarks ' Martindale/' Bungebah will have a good time for the rest of his days, as Mrs Northern's hack. 'Terlinga' writes:— 'It is rumoured that Brewer will ride the Newmarkec winner in the Caulfieid Cup. Perhaps he will, but it will not surprise me if Fortunatus is timed to make his supreme effort in the Melbourne Cup. Last year, when Caulfield was his mission, the son of Fryingpan was raced at suburban meetings for some time before the eventful day arrived. Nothing of the kind bas yet been attempted with him, and maybe Mr George Davis has an idea that he will stay. If this is his opinion Foi-bunatus is not unlikely to figure in the Caulfield Stakes, but miss the Cup on the following Saturday, and wait for Mel bourne. It requires a nailing good horse to win a Newmarket under 93t 21b. Fortu natus did this, ana is now in the Mel bourne Cup at 83t 12ib. There seems no reason why he should not get a distance. Fryingpan learnt the art late in life, and ho was an extravagant-actioned, loose-made horse, whereas Fortunatus is a kind of pocket Hercules, with the action of a stayer. Perhaps I may be wrong in these conjectures, but should they prove correct, and Mr George Davis consider the horse worthy to carry hi3 money, the Gippsland oandidate will 'be worth an investment for the race of the year. Rev. J. W. Horsley, for many years chaplain of Clerkenwell Gaol, has been studying seven leading sporting papers and their prophecies. The result in eight races is that out of seventy- nine prophecies nve were right ana seventy-iour wrong. The Sportsman named thirteen horses and was right once ; the Sporting Life named eight and was right once ; the Field named twelve, but never hit the mark ; the County* Gentleman had ten choices, all ineffectual ; Land and Water was right twice out of nine attempts ; the Sporting Times believed in twelve animals (not including the prophet), but was basely deceived by all ; and the Licensed Victuallers' Gazette could' not be contented with less than fifteen winners for the eight races, but only once was right. , Mr Horsley adds : ' I trust the ludicrously blind faith placed by tens of thousands in such prophecies may re ceive a shock— to the advantage of their intellect, their pocket, and their morals.' Projectile is spoken of as a non-starter for the Derby. Azim has been added to the list, and so has Sadim. Not long ago the fancy price of .£100 to 2s 6d was laid against Strabau for the Caulfield Cup at Bowes's TattersalFs Club. Recently another bookmaker |laid JE100 to nothing about Pensive for the same race. Before he flv«n worked on fho Kfli ;«ot at Fleming) on Light Artillery walked lame. He is now going more soundly, however. At the Bacchus Marsh show lately thehon. D. S. Wallace's Mentor gained the first and champion prize in the thoroughbred section, the same owner's Carbine being placed second by Messrs R. Orr and W. Farrell, the judges. The following.states a Melbourne sport ing scribe, are a couple of good horses likely to be heavily backed for the Mel bourne Cup:— Pippin (by Grand Flaneur ? Cadeau), 7st 21b, and Climax (by Trenton — Corday), 6at 101b. 'Vakeel, states the writer of training notes in toe sportsman, 13 credited with giving Fulham and Lord Grenville a rare gruelling over a mile and a half on the 7th inst. about eleven o'clock. The journey was carved out in 2min 44£sec— so say thos8 who saw it — with Fulham beaten off. I should like to know how much weight the latter had on his back. Ifwell.no Vakeel could beat him so badly.' Young Lapidiet; is entered for the Second Hurdle Race at the V.R.C.'spring meeting Curiously enough, remarks the Argvs the number of entries received lOfch last for the general events of the V.R C. springr meeting is exactly the same as last year viz., 795. The result must be considered very satisfactory, and goes to support the opinion held in racing circles that the coming carnival at Flemington, despite bad times.will be a particularly successful one. Nearly all the good horE63 in training at the present time have been engaged, those entered for the weight- for-age events in cluding Portsea: The Admiral, Vakeel, Camoola, Malvolio, Division, Brockleigh, Jeweller, Loyalty, Cremorne, Etra- Weenie, Garcon, Projectile, Pulvil, and Carnage. The entry of Carnage would make it appear that the Derby colt cannot be in a bad way. Several Sydney horses not engaged in either of the Cups, including Utter, Pansy, Budgereo, Killaloe, and Confidence, appear among the entries, and may be expected over here. The following are the entries for tho A.J.C. Summer Cup :~-Broekleigb, Otlimar, St. Albans II.. Candour, Eealm, Night ingle, Lady Trenton, Olivera, Killaloe, Belgiorna, Sadur, Impulse, Veno, Wabba, Launceston, Dan O'Connor, Alexander, Ballata, Mahee, The Swell, Eostellan, ^ Bodkin, The Admiral, Delaware, Donation, StaDmore, Budgeree, Marble, Pippin, Colossus, Ethelbert, Emin Pasha, Dickens, Towri, Ronda, Marvel, Zingara, Florrie, Miletos, Lullaby, Climax, Blue Peter, Sir William, Little Bernie, Whiaht, Confidence, Hillview, Jeweller, Division, Trieste, Winton, La Perouse, Pharamond, Barnaby Rudge, Cannon, Iduna, Fleurde Lis, Donizetti, Sulphur, Hereward, Kildare, Sundial, Trenchant, Loyalty, Gold Thorn, Vangrave, Chatham, E.K., Sunshine, Affiance, All Sorts, Oxide, Splendide, Warpaint, Escapade. Eclipse had only one opponent in the Selling Hurdle Race at Maribyrnong on 12fch inst., namely. All Spice, who fell at the second hurdle, and being remounted rapped most of the others, and was beatan by 100 yards. Word comes from Auckland that St. Hippo has been scratched for all engage ment s. Backers received a rude shock in cotmec tion with the Bohemian Handicap at Mari byrnong on 12th inst. The distauce of the race, one mile and three-quarters, is an unpopular one with owners, and only three horses started, viz, Donation, Palo Alto, and Carbonate. As Donation had been well backed for the Caulfield Cup, the racn was generally regarded in the light of an exercise canter for Mr J. B. Clark's horse, and backers tumbled over each other in the proverbial way to lay odds on him. Palo Alto was given a chance, but Carbon ate was reckoned to be quite out. of place, and 10 to 1 was freely offered against him. Still he wen. Donation ran very unkindly throughout, and when it came to catching Carbonate, who had led all the way, the favourite was all abroad, and Carbonate accomplished a clever victory. This form makes Donation's chance in the Caulfield Cup look a little blue, though possibly he might run better in a large field. Carbonate (remarks the Argus) was turned out for the race in rare condition by J. Cripps, who should through the son of Precious Stone be able to get a pretty fair line to the chances of Graduate and Tarcocla in the Caulfield Cup. Disquieting intelligence in reference to one or two Cup horses came from the tracks on the 12 th insb. J5 strained him self while doing a gallop at Caulfield, and Strahan,. who was hia companion, also showed signs of lameness. Sternchascr, who was backed for the Melbourne Cup on 11th ^inst., was absent altogether, the reason for which can only be conjectured. At Flemington, Fulhatn's leg appears to be giving his trainer some anxiety. The gelding did not work on 12th inst., and in the evening he eased in the Caulfield Cup quotations, 100 to 4 being offered against him without finding takers. The second division of the Mystery Osterley trotting match took place on 12fch inst. on the Richmond (Victoria) race course. The champions met last rnontb on the same track, when a couple of mile heats were trotted, Osterley winning each time. The test on that occasion was, however, hardly a fair one, aa Mystery was some what lame in the first heat, and in the second heat broke down altogether. Mr Robbins's famous pacer, who ha3 probably engaged in more matches than any other horse in Australia during the past 20 years, quickly recovered, . and a few days ago Mr Robbins announced that he was again pre pared to enter the lists with his mare against Osterley. After two or three false starts on 12th inst. the pair were sent away on pretty even terms, but Osterley almost immediately broke, and lost 40 yards. This gave Mystery an advantage which she never after wards lost. She trotted through out like a piece of machinery, making neither skip nor break, and passed under the wire, easing up in 4oiin 56Jsec, which beats all previous Australian records, For many years Honesty's 5min 13sec, at Elsternwick Park, was the record, but on August 21 last Osterley, in a handicap, put up the splendid record of 5min 3aec, which is really the trotting'reoord for Australia. Mystery's time is vastly superior, but she ib more of a pacer than a trotter. Advices from India state that Norbert, by Goldsbrough from Lady Laura, and 'orrnerly owned by J. M'Laughlin, won the Fort Plate, H miles, with lOsfc 21b up, at the Colombo August meeting, and was piloted by Trahan. The Tasmanian horse The Promised Land, by The Assyrian from Old Love, secured the Se irvice Stakes, five furlongs, at the Bangalore meeting ; at which also the Tabletop- bred mare Good Hope, by Glorious from Hope, waa success ful in tho Bangalore Cup, 1} miles, Trahan again steering the winner. There will bo two holidays in Melbourne during tho Cup week — Cup c?*y and the Prince of Wales's Birthday, aud the big racing events for the week aro aa follows : Derby day, November 4; Cup day, November 7 ; Oaks day, November 9, and Steeplechase duy, November 10. The Maribyrnong Plate is valued at .£1500, the Derby prize .£1000, and the Cup .£10 COO. The total prize money for the week will be £20,650 and trophy. The secvetary (Mr H. Byron Moore) notifies that return tickets at holiday excursion favc3 will be issued. 'Ivhe annual meeting of the Carrick Baring Club will bo held at the Selby Hotel on Tuesday, October 24, at 3 p.m. Moscow gave a further taste of his quality at Epsom 13th inst , when he won tno JVJordialloc JHandicap, one mile and three furlongp, in a common canter, and his chance in the Caulfield Cup with 63t 111b is now considered by many a first class one. Donation was givpn another public trial for the Cdulfield Cup in yester day's race, but Moscow beat him like a hack, Donation, as at Maribyrnong, run ning very unkindly. StGrnchaser's absence from the tracks is caused by something more serious than was at first suspected. His feet are said to be the seat of the trouble. The son of Musket, who wbs backed on Wednesday evening for the Melbourne Cup, is aow at a long price for the two miles race. Hia lameness is now considered to be so serious that bookmakers on Monday were pre pared to lay almost any price against him J5, who strained himself on Thursday, is also in a bad way. Mr J. C. O'Donnell has latterly gained some celebrity as an amateur rider, several races being won by him in rather good style. His reputation as a horseman, bow ever, received a blow yesterday as a result of his riding of Epping in the Hunters' Steeplechase at Epsom. There werfi only four starters in the race, and a shade of odds and even money were laid on Epping, whose rider took matters so easily until the last half mile that Epping had not the ghost of a chauce of winning. The gelding has plenty of pace, but when ifc came to giving Namesake and Banker nearly a furlong start in the last half mile, Epping, as might be expected, was quite unequal to the task of catching them. He fhrsbed a bad last. Ladas, winner of the Middle-park Plate, is following in the footsteps of Isinglass, who won the race last year. Isinglass had not previously been beaton, and neither has Ladas, whose previous vict ries were in the Epsom Woodcote Stakes, the Ascot Coven try Stakes, and the Doncaster Champagne Stakes. Ladas is pretty certain to be the winter favourite for the Derby, and it remains to be seen whether he can equal the three-year-old record of Isinglass. Illuminata. the dam of Ladas, is by Rosi crucian fronii Parafiu, by Blair Athol. Sunshine is not expected to come over for the Caulfield Cup,200 to 1 being offered against hitn for the V.A.T.C. event at the Victorian Club on Saturday night. The Melbourne Cup candidate Mahee ran second to Affiance in the October Handicap at Eosehill on Saturday. Mahee, who i3 a three-year-old colt by Msrtini Henri from Tamarisk, by Chester, has 6st 111b in the two-mile race. Climax, another Cup horse, started in the same rs c - as Mahee, but ran unplaced. ? ♦ ? : — 