OUR SYDNEY LETTER. Sir George Dibbs has spoken, and Andy IvellyiHin stands aghast at what has sud denly come upon it. The fat is in the fire, and the very devil is to pay. The con sternation caused by the Premier's speech at Penrith is in certain quarters almost pathetic to witness. Those who were uobbled by tho Government into forswear ing themselves aud reneling into impotent sections the political party which might have domiuateel Parliament and dictatoel I legislation, have been siekeningly 44 left.' They find that the Government docs not mean to proceed with protection, has dis credited itself beyond redemption iu half a dozcu ways, and now stands openly identi* fieel with all that is bitterly conservative iiml ri»jH!t.Jonarv ufnitist. soci.il i-ofnrni Tli»» Penrith speech was a declaration by tlie Premier that, just as the renegade labor members had sold themselves to him, he li'is sold the Government to the National Ass. The first bargain those labor members who made it have long ago found out te) be a de plorable one. It remains for Sir George now vo unit out wiiai/ sort oi a market no has driven his political pigs te-, and he will not be long iu making the discovery. Nothing is clearer than that in renouncing payment of members, aud making this re nunciation the only visible feature of his de clared future policy, the Premier has for ever alienated from himself, not only that section of the labor party which was formerly at his bidding, but a considerable number of protectionist followers apart from tim.ti n.« iw.«fn..- ,.e i ? nine members out of ten favor payment of members, and hate having to say that they dem't, eir vote against it. A solid proof of their real feeling on t he subject is that, no matter what views they may preifess, they nearly all cheerfully accept the money. The general public do not, 1 fancy, feel very strongly on the subject. The unfaithful labor members who again and again serveel the Government from being 44 flung out like a dead oat, 'us Mr Reid pathetically put it iu his Albury address, have themselves to thank fe-r a very decieled revulsiem airainst payment of members among the wage earning classes of the city and suburbs. Rightly, or wrongly, probably the former, they arc credited with valuing their scats ami screws more than their principles. And so angry are a considerable section of the electors who returned them at this that thoy would visit the sins of a few oil a prin ciple which most of them in calmer moments recognise as a just anil rational one. But far strouirer than anv feelin-/ of thin sort is the indignation against the Ge)\\*erii nient and all its works. The fiscal policy, the financial policy, the all round insincerity, muddle, and claptrap, of a regime of mis government unparalleled perhaps in any Australian province, have disgusted thou, sands who formerly were either friendly or not particularly antagonistic to the Govern ment. The fact that Sir George has thrown off all disguise and eemie forward as tlie avowed champion of ultra- Toryism, ami the mouth-piece of a narrow-minded clique of sellish-class legislators, has already caused a strong reaction in faven- of payment of mem bers. The freetrade member* of the labor party are jubilant at what Sir George has done, regarding it as certain te) bring to. getherthc labor electoral organizations, anil form them up iu fcolid fighting rank against the Government at the coming election. I'or a moid li or so nasf. Hun-,. I,..v„ under discussion a number of proposals for the formation of what will practically be a new labor party based on more elastic lines than those of the Labor Electoral League, and the latest development is greatly stimu lating this idea. Sir George -can hardly be saiel te- have flung away the substance for the shadow. He had not the ghost of a chance of se curing the approval e)f the country iu his next appeal to the electors. There is niot one protectionist member who doesn't know this— not one who wouhl venture to make protectionist advocacy his chief plea for re election that 1 know of. There is, on the eemtrary, a remarkable unanimity of feeling among all that 4lothcr aud more important eptestions than that of the fiscal policy must receive immediate consideration. In the speeches made by them so far thev have not thought it necessary to particularly indicate what those questiems are. They were presumably waiting for the Premier to give them a few leading points, and they are still waiting. Anything more feeble and unsatis factory as au outline of policy never yet came from the head of a (-e)Vernmeiit. Beyond a declaration against payment of members there is not a tangible thing iu the Penrith speech, and the Muswellbrook effort eloesn't improve matters much. The talk about ear-marking revenue is babble which no one but idiots would give a moment's attention te-, and which is probably as insincere as it is vapid. Tho suggestions of retrenchment in soap ami carpets shows .to what lengths tho head of a government which has thrown public money away right anil left may go on llemtiug the taxpayers, and making a mock of them. The maritime strike has long age) endeel, but the strike bulletins are published ami circulated as usual, and the holle-w sham of a strike kept up. The strike ended as soon as it began, because as one lot e)f men left their billets, another entered upem their weak. What has happeiieel has been a change iu the personnel of the unemployed — no more. Men who were at work are idle ; au equal e-r somewhat greater number who were idle are at work. There is no excite ment now in councction with the strike, nothing but the miserable apathy of despair. Things have been wonderfully epiiet con sieleriii'j what a large number of men are uffcctoel, and the wretched circumstances in which they find themselves nlaeeel. No rows have occurred worth speaking of : no outrages have been committed beyond the Newcastle dynamite attempts— if they were attempts — aud the scrutlling of a man or two. When the Argo was blown up, of course the instant conclusion in certain quarters was that another hellish act e»f unionism hael been perpetrated, but that went all wrong in no time. About the worst acts Australian unionism generally per petrates are directed against itself in the way of unnecessary effort -to secure reforms which can only be, compassed by judicious legislation. | 1 looked ill a few days ago at the shameful and degrading farce e-f selecting men for settlement on Pitt Town Common under the new semi-socialistic patent charity settle meuts act. A committee is engaged- in sorting out from the crowds e»f dejected applicants those whom they regard as most likely to exercise imlustry, foresight and thrift, and thankfully eirnamcnt that state of life to which it has pleased au ignorant government to call them. Those who are se) fortunate us not to be set aside on jLt^omit of age, lack e»f the co-operative instinct, en other damaging chanu'teristics, will have to delvo for fe-od and clothing lor years ahead, and must be lucky us well as deserving to get that. It is touching, aud at the same time revolting, tei see good honest men, most of whom have all their lives been working bullocks, inspected like sheep, auel drafted off out of sight anywhere, by order e)f political leaders whom they are so devoid of intelligence as to accept. Some of them were crying : some were deeply grateful for what was being elone, and the conunittcc for the greater part seemed to believe that this was about all that could or should be done ! 