I DANGEROUS JOKING. | AAARTIN wnathe eldestsonand hope o), 1IIJ Mr. Lord, tho Squire of Moiton. Hie amiable d(e|toeit4on end superior Intel- j lect procured for him universal love end j esteom. Mnrtin was a great favourite with the girl#, old and young ; but ho never showed any marked tiartiality to anyone until he | became intimate with Isabella Ashton, the I daughter of tbo clergyman. Isabella was young and the most thought-! less girl in the village- She could have little sympathy withe person of sueh deep fooling# and elevated intellect as' Martin ; and, beautiful aaahe waa, it aoetned alrange that ho should have given his love to' hor. Martin and Iaahella had been pointed' out aa lovers by village gossips for several months; he was now nineteen, and she was of llis same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. . One evening Isabella bad a social gather ing of young poople at tbe house. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths' and maidens; and tbo company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, range, and social games. Tlio hour at which such parties usually broke up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been ropoited us having been Men in the vicinity ofthe churchyard. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can beliovo that a gliost has really bcon seen there; and I doubt if any peteou here believes in the existence of ghosts.''' " You do yeursolf, you know yen do, Martin, although you are ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed. "Come,now," continued the thoughtless girl, "1 can prove that you have some idea that euch tilings may exist. Co to the church yard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear," " And what would that prove?" " Why, you will be frigbtend, though you should Bee nothing. Your fears would put your beliof to the test. How could you be afraid if you did not feci that there was something to be afraid of f " I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " Bnt I deny, in the Grot place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in the tast." "Ha, ha! but yon ahall not escape so," laughed Isabella. " Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given Iter by an old lover, which Martin had desired her to part with, " provided you go to the churchyard alone, In the dark, and declare on your honour when you return that you were not afraid." "Agreed," raid Martin, buttoning his coat. " And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you tbo iron bar which you will find close by tbe gate," mid Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the chercb ytrd, stepped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate ground, for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold Bky—then taking up tbe bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He bad proceeded about half way, when, in tbe gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a dump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give [dace to desperation; hie hair standing erect and hie blood running chili with horror, still he stood hie ground. The spectredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter and larger as' it approached. . We cannot tell what frenry seised upon the brain ol the unhappy yoath at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The gueets at the clergyman's house beard terrible acreama. Dreading some tragic termination to the farce tbey rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, hie fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, while he still ottered frantic shrieks for help. . Onepf the young men forced Martin to relax hit hoW on the. throat of the figure, whilst soother tore away the folds of the sheet aqd disclosed the blood-stained features, of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. He never spoke again, and lived but a few months, ho die an idiot. 