f ^ 7 David Balitar. 7 1 (Bx ROBBBT Louis STEVENSON.) [ALL BIGHTS KEBKBVBD.] \ Part I.-The Lord AdYOcáte* \- . CHAPTER XVI. The Missing Witness.^ - - On the 17th, the day I was trysted ^xwith the .writer, I had muoh rebellion against fate. The thought of him waiting in the King's Arms, and of what he should think, and what he would say when we next met, tormented and oppressed me. The truth was unbelievable, so muoh I had to grant, and it seemed cruel hard I should be pöBted as a liar and a coward, and have never consciously omitted What it was .' possible that I should do. I repeated this ' form of words with a bitter kind of relish, and reexamined in that light the steps of rhy behavior. It seems I have behaved to James Stewart as a brother might ; all the past was a picture that I could be proud of and there was only the present to oonsider. I could not swim the sea, nor yet fly in the air, but there was always-' Andie. I had done him a service; he liked me ; I had a lever there to work on; if it were just for decency, I must try once more with ,; Andie. " It was late one afternoon, and no sound in all the Bass but the lap and bubble of a quiet sea ; my four companions were 1 ali^crept apart, the four Maogregors higher " oh the rock, and Andie with his Bible to a sunny place among the ruins ; there I found him in deep sleep, and, as soon as he was awake, appealed to him with some fervor of manner and à good show of argument. " , " If I thought it waa to do guid to yé, ; Öhaws Í" said heV 'stáríiig at me over his vspectacles. ' ' ** It's tb save another," said I, ¡" and to ' redeem my word. «. What would be more good than that ? Do ye no mind the scrip -; ture; Andie P And you with the book upon your lap ! What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world ?" * : * . " Ay," said he, " that's grand for you. But where do I come in ? I have my word to redeem the same's yoursel. And what are ye asking me to do, but just to sell it yè för siller P" " " Andie have I hamed the name of siller ?" cried I. V " Ou, the name's naething," said hej* ".the 'thing is there, whatever. It just comes to thia : If Í am to service ye the way that you propose, I'll loose my lifli , hood;. Then it's clear ye'll have to make it up to me," and a pickle mair, for your àih / credit like. " And what's that but just a ? tbribé? And if ever I was certain bf the ' 'bribe. But by a* that T can learn, it's far , frae that, and if you were to hang, where would I be ? Na, the thing's no possible. And-just a wa' wi' ye like a bonny lad, and let Andie read his chapter." ; I remember, I was at bottom a good deal gratified with this result, and the. next humor I fell into was one (I had never said) ;., pf gratitude to Pres ton grange, who had ". Bayed.mein this violent, illegal manner, out of the midst of my dangers, tempta ., tions, and perplexities. But this was both ¡too,,flimsy, and too cowardly to last me . long, and the remembrance of James began to succeed to the possession of my spirits. The 21st, the day set for the trial, I passed in such miBery of mind as I can scarsely .. recall to have endured, save perhaps upon ... Isle Eanaid only. Much of the time. I lay ,,bñ. ¡a... brae-side betwixt sleep and waking, . my.ibody. motionless, my mind fall of vio ,.. lent, thoughts. Sometimes I sleep indeed, ..'but, the, courthouse of. Inverary and the . prisoner glancing on. all sides to find- his missing witness .'tollo wed me in slumber, ,and I would wake auain with a start to . darkness of spirit, and distress of body. 1 thought Andie seemed to observe me, but I .paid , him little heed. Verily my bread was bitter tome and my days a burthen, i .?.>,.;^Early the next morning (Friday, 22nd) a í boat -came with provisions, and Andie / placed, a packet in my. hand. The cover was without address, but sealed with a : Government seal. It enclosed two notes. U-V Mr. Balfour can now see for himself "t is v too late to meddle. His conduct will be \- observed, and his discration rewarded." ' So. ran the first, which seemed to be laboriously writ with the left hand. There was certainly nothing in theBe expressions to compromise the writer, even if that per son could be found. " ;The seal, which for midably served instead of signature, was affixed to a separate sheet, on which there was no scratch of writing, and Ihad to con fess that (so far) my adversaries ¿new what they were doing, an.d to digest as well as I was able the threat that peeped under the promise. J ^ But the second enclosure was.by far.the more surprising. It Was in a lady's hand of writ. " Maister Davit Balfour is in formed a friend was speiring for him, and her eyes were of the grey," it ran, and seemed so extraordinary a piece to come to my hands at such a moment and'under cover of the Government seal that I stood stupid. Catriona's grey eyes shone in my remembrance. I thought, with a bound, of pleasure, that she must be the friend. But who should the writer be to haye Her billet thus enclosed with. Prestohgrange's ? And of all wonders, why* was it thought needful to give < me this pleasing but most inconsequential intelligence upon the Bass ? For the writer I could hit upon. none possible ex cept Miss Grant. Her family, I remem bered, had remarked on Catriona's eyes and ever named her for their color ; and she her self had been much in the habit to address me with a broad pronunciation, by way of a sniff, I supposed, at my rusticity. No doubt, besides, but she lived in the same .house as this letter came from. So 'there remained but one step to be accounted for ; and that was how Prestongrange should have permitted her at all in an affair so seoret,- or let her daft-like billet go in the samo cover with.his own. But even here I had a glimmering. For, first of all, there was something rather alarming about the young lady, and papa might be more under her domination than I knew. And second, there was the man's continual policy to be remembered, how his conduot had been continually mingled with caresses, and he had scaroe even, in the midst of. so much contention, laid aside a mask of friendship. He must conceive that my. imprisonment had incensed me. Perhaps this, little jest-: ing, friendly message was intended to. dis-, arm my rancor. I will be honest-and I think it. I felt a tmdden warmth towards that beautiful Miss Grant, that she should stoop to BO much interest in my affairs. The summing up of Catriona moved me of itself to milder and more cowardly counsels. If the Advo cate knew of her and of our acquaintance if I should- please him by some of that .f discretion " at which his letter pointed to what might.not this lead ? "In;vain is the net spread in the sight of any fowl," the scripture says. Well, fowls must be wiser than. . folk! For I thought I perceived the policy, and yet fell in with it. . . . I was in this frame, my heart_ beating, the grey eyes plain before me like , two stars, when-jAndie broke .in upon my,; musing. ,,, «f i see ye nae gotten guid newe,"j3aid he.; .... . . .. . . v ..-v I found him looking curiously in my , face ; with that there came before rue like a vision of James Stewart and the Court pf. Inverary; and my mind turned at on oe upon its hinges like a door. Trials, I re flected, sometimes draw out longer than is looked for. Even if I came ¿ to Inverary just too late, something might yet be at tempted in the interests of James-and in those of my own character, the best would be accomplished. In a moment-it seemed without thought-I had a plan devised. " Andie," said I, " is it still to, be to morrow P" --'^ i''.. -.. He told me nothing was changed. " Was anything said"? about the .hour P"; I. asked. ? , , - - ' ? i - h < He told me it was to be 2 o'clook, af ter- , noon.. :.? ; ?.. ? . ? "An' about.the place ?" I pursued. " Whatten place?" says Andie. " The place I'm to.be landed at," said I. . He owned there was nothing aB to that: . " Very well, then," I said. " Thisjmall be mine to arrange. The wind is in the east, my road lies westward; keep, your boat, I hire it. Let us work up the Forth all day, and land me at 2 o'clook to-mor row at the westmost we'll can haye reached." " Ye daft callant," he cried; " ye, would try for Inverary af ter aV' ,~ ; , , "Just that, Andie," sayn.1..,. " Weel, ye're ill to beat 1" sa^s he., " And ! I was kind o' sorry for ye fa';, day y ester- i day," he added. " Ye see, I,was never entirely sure till then which way of it ye really wantit." >. j Here was a spur to a lame horse !.. .. j "A word in your ear, A.T*die/' isaid L i "This plan of mine, hasi another i advantage ; yet. We oan leave these Hielahdmen behind us on the rook, and one of your boats from the Castleton can bring them off to-morrow. Yon Neil has a quar eye when he regards you ; maybe, if I was once out pf the gate. there might be knives again.,; theBe redshanks are unco grudgef ul. And if there should come to be any ques tion, Here is your excuse. Our lives were in danger by these savages j being answer able for my safety, you chose the part to bring me from their neighborhood and detained me the. rest of the time on board your boat, and do you know, Andie," says I, with à smile, " I think it was very wisely chosen." ' ' " The1 truth is I have nae goo for Neil," saysi Andie," npr he for me, I'm thinking; and I would like ill to come to my hands wi' the. mah. Tam .Alisten will make a better hand of it. with the oattle onyway. (For this man Austen oame from Fife, where the Gael io is still spoken.) "Ay, ay l" says Andie, " Tam'll can deal with them the best. And troth ! the mair I think of; it .the" leas I see what way we would be required. The place-av f eggs ! they had- forgot the place. Sh, Shaws, ye're a lang-haided chield when ye like ! Forby that I'm owing ye my life," he added, with more solemnity, and offered me his hand upon the bargain. "The rain blinded me,f the wind had nearly beat me from the saddle." Whereupon, with scarce more words, we stepped suddenly on the boat, oast off, and set the lug. The Gregara were then busy upon breakfast, for the cookery was their usual part ; but one of {them stepping to the battlements, our flight was observed before we were 20 fathoms from the rock ; and the three, of them ran about the ruins and the landing shelf .for all the world like an ts , about a broken neat, hailing and drying: on us/ to/return. . We were still in both the lee and the shadow of the rock, whioh last lay ,broad upon the waters, but presently came, forth. in almost the same moment into the wind and sunshine, the sail filled, the boat heeled to the gunwale, and we swept immediately beyond sound of the men's voices. To what; terrors they endured upon ithe rock, where they were now deserted, without the countenance of any civilised person or so much as the protection of a Bible, no limit can be set ; nor had they any brandy left to be their consolation, for even in the haste and secrecy of our departure Andie had managed to remove - it. It was our first care to set Austen ashore in a cove by the Glenleithy Rooks, so that the deliverance of our maroons might be duly seen, to the next day. ; thence we kept away up the Firth. The breeze, which was then so spirited, swiftly declined, but never, iwholly failed us. All day we kept moving, though of ten not much more ; and it was af ter dark ere we were up with the Queens ferry. To keep the letter of Andie's en gagement (or what was left of it) I must remain on board* but I thought no harm to communicate with the shore in writing. On Pres tongr an ge's cover, where the Govern ment seal must have a good deal sur prised my correspondent, I wrote by the boat's lantern, a few necessary words, and Andie carried them to Rankeiller. In about an hour he came aboard again, with a purse of money and the assurance that a good horse should be standing saddled for me by 2 to-morrow at Clackmannan Pool. This done, and the boat riding by her stone anchor, we lay down to sleep under the sail. . We were in the Pool next day long ere 2, and there was nothing left, for me but sit and wait. ? I« felt little alacrity upon my errand. I would"have been glad of any possible excuse to lay it down ; but none being to be found, my1 uneasiness was no leas great than if I had been running to some desired pleasure. But shortly after 1 the horse was at the waterside, an,d I could see a man walking it to and fro till I should land, which vastly swelled my im patience. Andie ran the moment of my liberation very fine, showing himself a man of his bare word, but scarce nerving his em ployers with a heaped measure; and by about 50 seconds after 2 I was in the saddle and on the full stretch for Stirling. In a little more than hour I had passed that town, and was already mounting Alan Water side, when the weather broke in a small tempest. 'The rain blinded me, the windrhad nearly beat me from the saddle, and the first darkness of tho night sur prised me in a wilderness still some-way east of Balwhidder, not very sure pf ..nay' direction, and mounted on a horse that be gan already to be weary. . ..... ,-r.t In the press of my hurry, and to be spared the delay and annoyance of a guide,. I had followed (so far as it waspossible-for any horseman) the line of my journey with Alan, Thia I did with open eyes, foreseeing a great risk in it, .which, the tempest had. now brought to a reality. Th e.last that I knew of where I was, I think i.t ..must have ; been about Uam Var ; the hour perhaps 6 at night.; , ,1 must still, think it great ; good fortune that I got about II to my destina tion, the house of Duncan Dhu. Where I had wandered in the interval perhaps ¡the horse could tell. ; I know we were twice down, and once over the saddle and. for for a. moment carried . away in a ^roaring burn. Steed and rider were bemired up to the eyes.; ,..'¡.:. ,?.:..";, ; From Duncan I had news of the trial. It was followed ..in all these Highland regions with, religious interest; ..rewsipf it spread from Inverary as swift as, T on could travel ; and, I was rejoiced to learn that up to a late hour that Saturday it was not yet concluded ; and all men began to suppose It must spread over to the Monday. Tinder the spur of thiB intelligence I would; not sit pp eat ; but, Duncan haying agreed, tp be my guide, took the road again on foot,,with the piece in my hand and munching as I went. Duncan brought with him a flask of usquebaugh and a hand-lantern ; which. last enlightened us just so long as we could find houses where to rekindle it, for the thing leaked outrageously and blew out with every gust. The most part of the night we walked blindfold among, sheets of rain,.and day: found us aimless, on the mountains. Hard by we found a hut on a ' barnside where, we got a,bite and a.direc tion ; and, a little before the end .of the sermon, came to the kirk doors of Inve rary. , , . ' ' . . _ . ly The rain had somewhat washed'the upper parts of me, but I was still bogged as high as to the knees ; .1 streamed water ;j I^as so weary I could hardly limp and my $ace was like a ghost's, I stood cer tainly more in need pf a change of raiment and a bed to lie on than of all the. benefits in, Chris tianity. ., For all which (being pursúaded the chief point for me was, ta make,myself. immediately public), I ..set... the ..door;pjpen, entered the church,with the dirty Duncan at my tails, and finding a vaoant place hard by, sat down., . " Thirteenthly, in y brethren, and my parenthesis, the lawitself must be regarded as a means of grace," the 'minister was saying in the voice of one delighting to . pursue ah argument. - v , . /; The sermon was in French ph áccount of the assize. The judges were present with their armed attendants, the halberts glit tered in a corner by the doorl and the seats were thronged beyond custom with the array pf lawyers. The text was in Homans v. and 13th-the minister a skilled hand j and the whole of the able chu rob fal from Argyle, and my Lords Elchiès and Kilkerran, down to the halbertmen that came in their attendance-was sunk with; gathered brows in a profound critical attention. The minister himself and a sprinkling of those about the door observed our entrance at the moment and imme diately forgot the same ; the rest either did not hear or would not heed ; and I sat there amongst my friends and enemies unremarked. (TO ItE CONTINUED.) The fibre of banana stalks is proposed au a substitute for jute in the manufacture of wrap pin?; paper. The commercial possibilities of such an industry are being seriously considered in Nicaragua in view of the partial failure of the East Indian jute crop. Old. "Friend. : " You should always take your wife into your confidence. "Women appreciate that sort of thing." De Broker : " Oh, I do that; that is, in part." Old Friend : " You tell her of your gains and losses, I presume?" De Broker;. ;«< TJm-I always tell her of my losses." ;,; r-;,> -: 1 