CHAPTER XVII. I got up next morning directly I was called, and was down-stairs long before anybody else-but I was glad of that, for I wanted to explore the garden. It was a beautiful, warm, bright morning, and I rejoiced, for it would bring the people to Geldham Church for the harvest-thanks giving. I went over the lawn, and down the alleys, and round and round the flower-beds, and peeped into the green houses, and tried to see through the steaming glass of the hot-houses, which were locked, when, suddenly, turning round one of them, I came face to face with Tom Parkes in his Sunday clothes, with a key in one hand and a basket of eggs in the other. He was evidently dis concerted, and tried , by turning' to the door of the hot-house to avoid me. But I accosted him at once. " Tom-Tom Psrkes, don't you know me-Miss Ch'risitie;?'' I said.;.; ; " LorV yes, miss, to be sure, ,so it is 1 Who'd 'a' thought o' seeing you" here ? " said lie, touching his hat with rather awkward surprise. - " Why, you ' must have known me, Tom ! You looked'as if you had seen a ghost !" " Well, the truth is, miss, asking your pardon," said Tom sheepishly, " that I didn't want you to see me. You see, I've been took oh here as extry uuder- gardener and help, and the head-gardener he don't like Londoners, and I don't want him to know as I'm a London chap. So, if you would be ser good, miss, as not. to men tion as you've seen, me before, I should take it kind." " Very well, Tom, I won't betray you," I replied, laughing. And he said, " Thank you, miss," and touched his hat again, and went off with his eggs. I was very much amused by this encounter and the important secret I had to keep. As if my mentioning that I had seen Tom, at the. Alders would necessarily entail the awful discovery that he was a Londoner 1 By this time I thought I had better go in and see if any of the other people had come down to breakfast; and I was sauntering along, when, as I got near the house, I heard two men's voices. - " Bella is getting jealous, Toni. A grunt in the other voice. " " I say, ain't it rough on the little one ? " Then I heard Lady Mills's voice, and when I got to the door there were eight or ten people already, assembled. But the two nearest the door, whom I had over heard, were, a gentleman named Cole and Mr. Carruthers. It was Mr. Carruthers' who had grunted. Who was " Bella " ? And who was "the little one"? And what did " rough on " mean ? TO BE CONTINUED. Fast Shorthand.-The Leeds Mercury of ; April 22nd, 1898, says: " Mr. Harry Toot [ hill, of Leeda, 20 years of age, wrote 2156 words, dictated from one of Mr. Brighfc's Parliamentary speeches, in one minute, in the presence of local representatives of the Press and other experts, and afterwards rend his notes." When it h remembered -lhat this is faster than most people can rdad ihe feat must be considered wouderful. This ' gentleman has just gained Messrs. Isaac Pitman and Sin's speed certificate, and has been presented by tbem with a gold medal, value £10, for writing 240 words per min ute for 10 conseciitivo minutes, and produc ing a correct transcript. This rate is ex actly twice as fast a^ the average rato of public speaking, which is 120 words a min ute. The fastest speed yet attained iu Aus tralia is 200 words for three minutes. 