HER LADYSHIP'S GHOST. When I first knew Gwendoline Gilbert I very nearly fell in lovo with her. At that time I had a penchant for healthy-looking girls ; and; being young, I was an ardent admirer or the British blonde. Gwendoline Gilbert was Hygeio horeolf ; Emma, Lady Hamilton, when she was in the service of Dr. Griuiam, the quack, could not have looked the part more thoroughly than did Gwendoline. How, I adored thaf' . girl' ! At that time, you know, Mr. Burne-'Jones hadn't invented the young lady/with tho'toltsly hair, the ungainly utti- ttfdas, the green complexion and the pre hensile toes ; so it was quite permissible to admire a girl who looked like the Goddess of Health. She was a parson's duughtcr. She hadn't a penny in tho world. Sir John Toinluison was the member for Rntcliff Highway, and had made pots of money by the adulteration of the poor man's beer— 1 beg his pardon, I tako that back — I mean by his improvements in the art ot producing malt liquor of a superior description. Ho came, he saw, ho conquered ; of course he aid. They were married, they started on their honeymoon ; and i went to Heme Bay for a fortnight in. a huff, and wrote my celebrated monograph on "Sour Grapes." Lady. Tomlinson was nice, beautiful, and, as we all know, us good as gold. She was by no means inclined to encourage society philanders; and from what those gentlemen called her "stand- off" wuy, end from a cer tain disinclination towards gossip and scan dal and small talk, and private tlieatriuals add music halls, she got tho reputation of being ruther stupid. At any rate, in spite of hor beauty and her husband's millions, Gwendoline was not altogether a social tuc- ccss. Now, husbands, as we all know, are brutal persons ; they iiuve a nasty trick of not mincing matters with .their wives, and of calling a spade a spade. '"Look here, Lady Tomlinson," said Sir John (he always called her Lady Tomlinson), "you don't shine in society; yon're not a dancing woman, nor a talking woman, nor a political woman, and . you ain't littery. I wish to heaven you'd develop some sort of individuality of your own, Lady Tomlin son." Lady Tomlinson retired instnntlv to hor boudoir and had a good cry. For thteo whole days did Lady Tomlinson brood and meditate, and then she sent for Mr. Par- giter, tho painter. Mr. Pargiter hastened to present himself at Palatial Crescent, W. Mr. Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson, "I want to paint — I wnntto paint in oils." "Oh, certainly, Lady Tomlinson, " said Mr. Pargiter; and ho smiled, and tolled his eyes,, and rubbed his hands, aud bowed. . Mr. Pargiter , was too much of a gentleman ever to contradict a lady, besides being a popular art teacher, with a highly aristocratic connection. Therefore, ho would have said, " Oh, certainly," if Lady Tomlinson had wanted to learn to dance on the stack wire. "I want you to givo me lessons, Mr. Pargiter," said Lady Tomlinson. "I mean to exhibit at tho Itoyal Academy," said Lady Tomlinson; "I mean to be a dis tinguished amateur, and 1 want you to show tno how, and givo me lessons, Mr. Pargiter." V Oh, cortainly," aaid Mr. Pargiter. Pray name your own terms," said Lady Tomlinson; "expense is no object, hut I want tho whole thing to be a secret from my husband and my friends. Can we begin to- nforrow?" , . ,'.'0h, certainly," said Mr, Pargiter, onee more. , And.. then Lady Tomlinson handed Mr. Pargiter a cheque for.a substantial sum, and rqquosted him to attend at ten o'clock the n,xt morning with what oho called the necesqary outfit.. ' Next day, at 10 precisely, a four-wheeled cab contaiuing Mr. Pargiter, a large easel, several canvasses, numerous browu-paper parcels, and a lay figure, drew up at the Tomlitisons' house in Palatial Crescent. Mr. Pargiter was shown at onco into her lady ship's boudoir. " Now, Mr. Pargiter," said Lady Tom linson, whan she had welcomed the artist, " I should like you to paint me an ideal bead." Mr. Pargiter stared at Lady Tomlinson, Bumnoeit-u H4UU Vitu U9UUI TV kU begin by drawing from what he called "tho round " in charcoal, "Mr. Pargitor," said Lady Tomlinson, " you wouldn't refuso to oblige a lady. I'm sure I shall learn much more easily by seeing you work. My idea, you know, waa that you should paint and I should look on- just at first, you kuow, till I get my hand in." So Mr. Pargiter began to paiDt the head of what he called a two-guinea rustic. Mr. Pargiter was accustomed to dispose of heads of this7 description to W nggles, the frame-maker arid picture-dealer, for forty- tiko shillings. It would be labelled:— Original Oil-Painting, by Pargiter, £4 4s. "I want you to leave the background till tho very last,." said Lady Tomlinson. " Oh, certainly," repliod tho artist. " I believe you artists," said Lady Tom linson, " often smoke while you paint. Aro you a smoker, Mr. Pargiter?" I work twice as. well when I smoke," said that gentleman ; and there wau a knowing twinkle in his eye as he said the words. Lady Tomlinson left the room ; sho re turned with a box. of Cabinet Partaga. "These are what Sir John smokes," she said; "pray make yourself at homo, Mr. Pargiter." That gentleman took her at her word ; he worked away for four hours at his rustic bead, ana he smoked no less than seven choico cigars. Then ho received permission to depart; and as ho walked homo ho won dered considerably, for Lady Tomlinson had been engaged upon a three-volume novel from Mudio's during the wholo of the— well, lesson. "However, it's pone of my businoss," thought, Mr. Pargitor, who was , a philosopher ; " and besides alio makes it wprth my while." It took Mr. Pargiter four "sittings'" to finish that rustic head. When it was quito done, lie remarked to Lady Tomlinson that there was nothing more to do " than' to smudge in a background of burnt sienna. "That's whore I come in," said Lady Tomlinson. "If you'll do the- edge of ;thc background in all the little in-and-out places round tho head, I'll finish it." They carried out that simple programme. "Now there's nothing left but to sign it, I suppose?" said her ladyship. " Exactly so," said Mr. Pargiter ; and ho took u little squeeze of ivory biack on the point of a small brush aud was about to affix tho magic name of Pargiter. ."Let me try," said her ladyship. She took the brush from Mr. Pa'rgitcr's hand, and in great sprawling letters' she wrote in the right-hand corner of tho picture, "Gwen. Tomlinson." ."Madam," said Mr. Pargiter, with a low, bow, when she had finished, "you're a genius." t And then she placed an envelope in the artist's hand. "1 can trust you, Mr. Par giter ?" she said, in those soft, purring tones of hers. Mr. Pargiter laid his hand upon his heart, gavo Lady Tomlinson what looked very like a wink, and assured her, iu solemn ac cents, that she could. Two days afterward Lady Tomlinson was "At Home." I was there; I am an' art-' oritic by profession, you know. On a green plush easel, draped by a heavy curtain of green plush, Rtood tho rustic licad in an eight-inch gilt frame. I don't kuo'w what the head was worth, but the frame was cheap at a five-pound note. " What do you think of. it, Mr. Scor cher?" bleated that innocent iamb, Lady Tomlinson, to me ; " I've just got it home from my frame- maker's, and it's the first of my. ofiotts that I've had the hardihood to bIiow to my friends." ., ' I compared 'it to Greuze, 'I said, it re minded me .'of Mme. VigtSe ie Bruti, and various ' other1 .artists. Next spring they hung it at Burlington House ; " they' hung ' that two-guinea Pargiter, and. wo all went into ecstasies at tho private view. But the measure of Lady Tomlinson's iniquity was not yet fu'll. . She pulled down the wall-papers from Her boudoir, and she decorated the' walls of liiat apartment with an extraordinary composition of trees, flowers, sunsets, wheat-sheaves, aud good looking children and girls, under the super intendence of the villain Pargiter. Half London went to see it. Sic John Tomlinson is justly proud of his wife. She is an artistio light now. She lias only got to take a young artist by tho hand and his fortune's made. "I'm very fond of Lady Tomlinson," said Mr. Pargiter to ma the other day; "she throws u good deal of work in my way." 