ROUTED RTA GHOST. THE VICTIM OF AN OUTLAW REAPPEARS. The beat authenticated and alt together one of the most interesting ghost stories of 1892 comes from the neighbourhood of Sweetwater, Term., says the New York Morning Advertiser. A lonely grave, a ghost, an abandoned cabin, and a frightened neighbourhood of ignorant people are the leading features of this orthodox narrative. The unusual circumstance about told the number of honest, if superstitious, people who vouch for its truth. The story was at first; treated incredulously, but in the course of a few weeks has come to be an es publisher truth. Men are often hanged on one-hundredth part of the evidence which substantiates this mystery. The Editor of the lonely grave comes first in chronological order. It is briefly this " John Duncan, a desperate and unprincipled character, was a ' bushwalkers' in this vic in ty during the late war. The repeated efforts of the confederated authorities to conscript him, i flamed Duncan's mind against the Southern cause, and the outlaw soon became the terror of London county. On one occasion a man named H. Robinson, still living near Sweet- water, saw Duncan riding through the county with a prisoner. The latter was in the uniform of a Confederate Lieutenant of cavalry, and was also mounted, Duncan keeping him covered with the long Kentucky rifle in common use then in that section. About an hour afterward Duncan was seen riding back to the same point, leading his own horse and riding that which his prisoner had just been riding. Nothing further was ever seen or heard of the Confederate officer, and murders and mysterious disappearances were too frequent in those days to call for more than passing notice. Dune in had surprised and captured his man, taken him to a lonely spot in the woods, and there deliberately murdered and robbed him. A portion of the land in this vicinity was cleared soon afterward by John Sherold, who still lives there. Last spring his son got married, and erected a small house near his father's home. In clearing his new premises of undergrowth young Sherold discovered a sunken grave. He dug into it, and after working only a few minutes, unearthed a human skeleton. Several C.S.A. buttons were found, also a belt buckle with the same letters, with other marked bits of brass and steel, showing that the skeleton was that of a Confederate cavalry officer. The remains were carefully reinterred, a neat mound formed over it, and the spot held sacred by the neighbours, as the grave of any human being would be. Shortly after the discovery of the grave, as young Sherold and his wife were sitting by the stove one evening about 8 o'clock, they were almost paralysed with fear on beholding the form of a soldier coming through the door. The form was grey and shadowy, but the features were distinctly outlined. The ghostly soldier wore the faded grey uniform of a Confederate cavalry officer. Mr. and Mrs. Sherold neither moved nor spoke, and in awestruck silence watched the soldier's form dissolve and slowly disappear. Both agree that the apparition must have been plainly visible for fully five minutes. Both husband and wife decided not to mention this occurence to their neighbours. They also agreed finally to remain in the house, trusting that they never would again be molested by the unearthly visitor. Within six months, however, the same shadowy form appeared and dissolved no less than a score of times. Once the muffled sound of a shot was plainly heard, coming from the direction of the soldier's grave, and once the sound of a body falling and struggling upon the ground. One after another the neighbours had been called by the Sherolds, and the story spread. Dozens of thoroughly reliable, well-to-do people in London county are ready to swear to-day that they have seen this shadowy figure in Confederate cavalry uniform stalk into the Sherold cabin, moving slowly and noiselessly, and then melt away and disappear. The cabin is vacant now. The Sherolds remained there six months after the first appearance of the ghostly figure, and then, when they could stand it no longer, moved away. The place is offered for rent at a bargain, but no tenants offer. The Confederate ghost has undisputed possession of the abandoned premises. 