BANK BUBBLE BITS. PRAYER FOR THE BANKS. Almighty Controller of Finance, we remember gratefully the check Thou didst long ago offer to Pharaoh on the banks of the Red Sea, crossed by Moses and Co. Pour, we pray Thee, such huge deposits of faith into the reconstructed hearts of depositors, that they may yield up readily their small cash balances. In return, we will honor large drafts of thankfulness, and pay out from our enormous reserves of gratitude. We offer Thee as legal tender the coin of our hearts ; vouchsafe to accept our promissory notes of praise. A careful comparison of the speeches made last week at the "reconstruction" meeting of a certain bank, reveals the singular fact that the eloquence of the speakers was strictly regulated by the size of their respective overdrafts on that institution. A depositor, early the other day, drew £500 out of a Sydney bank. In the afternoon, he reappeared, and was seen sorting notes out on the counter. To him the accountant said —"Just now, we don't care about accepting deposits from customers an hour or two after they have withdrawn their accounts." "Oh, but I'm not thinking of redepositing, thanks. These are this bank's notes and I want gold; that's all." The bank had to keep up the dignity of its attitude in hard cash. One of the joys of the bank reconstruc- tion schemes is that none of them, or hardly any of them, place any restriction whatever on the dividends which may be paid in the immediate future. Therefore, some day the reconstructed depositor, who is out in the cold with his money locked up for 20 years, may hear that his bank is paying 25 per cent. dividends to its share- holders, though it won't pay him a cent, and he may rejoice exceedingly thereat. Even the unquiet ghost of the old Federal Bank is stirring again these times and on the office window appears the familiar legend that "trust accounts" will be opened for the convenience of customers. Perhaps the Federal also means to " reconstruct," and the glory of James Munro has not altogether de parted. And, after all, why not? "Re- construction" is a process whereby the insolvent bank blocks investigation as to its position and scoops in more money to go on with, and the bank which is most in want of money and least anxious for investigation, is just the kind which ought to reconstruct. It ought now to be a race between the Australian provinces as to which will first establish a State bank, to guard the people's savings and monopolize the note issue. But the present Cabinets are all fat men's arks. The New South Wales Premier is own brother to a boss bung- bank-manager ; the Victorian Premier was a director of a hung-up bank; the Queensland Premier has been for years intimately connected with the throttled Queensland National Bank; the South Australian Premier is the boon friend of bankers; the Premier of Westralia is a demigod among financial scoops. Strange stories of the banking disaster are already beginning to roll in. One of them concerns a shopkeeper, who had £600 or £700 on fixed deposit in one of the defunct institutions, and an overdraft of £200 or so on current account. His fixed deposit has been "fixed" for a generation or two, and the bank has sent him notice to pay up the overdraft at once, under pain of legal proceedings. Legal proceedings, in this case, means being sold up and bounced into the street by the cold-blooded gang which has con- fiscated his life's savings, and which will continue to take care of them in its re- constructed bank, while the fixed deposi- tor camps in the Domain. This is the sort of "consideration" which that bank extends to the people whose forbearance saved it from destruction, and — what is probably worse — from an independent audit and an overhaul of the directors' friends' overdrafts. To starving workers, statesmen, bland And fat, cry, " Go and till the land While, undeterred, with might and will, The bank director lands the till. The Victorian boomers speak bitterly of Solicitor-General Isaacs' "disloyalty" to Premier Patterson. He is loyal to justice, but disloyal to Patterson. Draw your own inference. Two men come out of the nasty Mercantile trial business with some credit — M'Donald and Isaacs. M'Donald was the Isaacs of the bench, and Isaacs was the M'Donald of the Ministry. ___________ A chest protector — The trunk straps. An unprofitable job — laboring under a delusion. When do we stop the flight of time? —When we stay a minute. " What you need," said the doctor, " is change." " Yes," said the patient, " I'll need lots to meet your bill." She — " Do you love me for myself alone?" He—"Yes; and when we are married I don't want any of the family thrown in." A curious thing about planets and stars is that those which revolve do not shoot, whie those which shoot are not revolvers. If a man could live a thousand years he would probably spend the last fifty fret- ting over what he might have done in the previous wasted time. Mrs. Optimist—" How vastly improved dear Jennie is since her marriage ! She has quite lost that unhappy, discontented look of hers." Mr. Pessimist — " Not lost it, my dear madame. It will shortly appear on her husband's face." She—" This is your first year at college, isn't it?" He—" Yes. How did you know that ?" She—"I knew by the way your arms felt around me. The muscles are not so fully developed as a senior's." " Let him go, my son," said an ancient father to his boy, who had caught a rabbit, " and when he gets bigger ketch him again." The boy did az he waz told, and haz been looking for that rabbit ever since. WOMENS' FAULTS We men have many faults; Poor women have but two:— There's nothing good they say, There's nothing right they do. Clementine—"If I had known you married me only for my money, I never would have accepted you." Montague— " And if I'd known you were going to be so close with it, I would never have pro- posed." Tommy—" I say, pa, the pockets in my new pants are bigger than in my old ones." Pa—" Well, what of it?" Tommy— Oh, nothing; except I would like to know if the pocket-money is to be increased too?" Johnny (whose father is an editor) — " Say, Mr. Storekeeper, do you keep sugar, coffee, tea, calico, and things? Storekeeper — "Certainly, my boy." Johnny—"Yes, and pa says you will keep 'em unless you advertise." A wealthy farmer, intending to send his son to college, recently wrote a letter to the "head master of Oxford University," in which he said — "Please say what your terms are for a year, and will it cost any- thing extra if my son learns to write a good hand and spell proper, as well as to row a boat?" HOtlESTT. " What hundred books are beat, . , think-you ?" I,said,, v Addressing one devotecl to the pen. He thought a moment, the he raised his head: "I hardly know—I've written only ten." There are a good many people who are absolutely sure that they could make an undying literary reputation for them selves if they could only think of some thing to say. Husband — " The doctor says I must take plenty of exercise. I don't know whether to try Indian clubs or dumb bells." Wife—"I wish you would come out with me and wheel the perambulator a little way." Husband — " Um — no, Maria. I don't want to overdo the thing at first, you know." The Denver dentist who advertised " Teeth Pulled without Pain," refused to pull a tooth for a young man who entered his office the other day, and said if he was hurt he'd slam-bang.six bullets into the dentist. He explained that " without pain " meant that a man might live through it. , A kitchen-maid who waxed wroth with a fellow-servant, remarked in a frigid manner, "If there is anything I hate.it is somebody I don't like." Nrs. Newricli (bapk froni honeymooning in Switzerland)—"Doyou remember that lovely gorge up in the mountains, Arthur?" Mr. Newrich—" I do. It was the squarest meal I ever ate." ANNIE BBEAD. " Toast any girl but her," said Ned, With every other flutter— " I'll be content with Annie Bread, And won't have any but her." A lady asked Mr. Jekyll what was "the difference between a solicitor and an attor ney ?" " Precisely the same," he answered, "as between a crocidile and an alligator." " A genteel carver," says a book on eti quette, "always sits when he carves." Carvers .who get on the table and have a wrestling match with the chicken are known by some other name. The trouble with the young woman in love is that she doesn't know whether she really loves the young man for himself alone, or for the caramels he brings, and the prospects of a solitaire diamond to dazzle the other girls. Mrs. Jobbs—" What on earth is that ?" Mr. Jobbs—" This, my dear, is a baro meter—a present from our son at college." " Oh, I've heard of them. Isn't the dear boy thoughtful ? Which way do we screw it when we want the weather to be fine?" She—" Richard, this would be a good time to get papa's consent." He—"Why, is he in particularly good humor 1" She —"On the contrary, he is very angry over my dressmaker's bills, and would gladly be rid of me." Omaha Teacher—"Will some member of the class explain how we hear things ? " Bright Sprig—" Somebody tells pa some thing down town, then pa tells it to ma as a profound secret, then ma tells it at the sewing society meeting, and then we all hear it." Young Man (to editor)—"Here is a little poem of a pathetic nature, sir ; I showed it to my mother, and she actually cried over it." Editor, after reading the poem — "You say your mother cried ? " Young Man—" Yes, sir." Editor—"Well, you go. home, and promise your mother never to write any more poetry, and I think the old lady will dry her eyes." 