? Natures Wonder JtLnch&nting; Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, CHAPTER IV.—CONTINUED. . BY ATE A IVESTBORF. " Yes, where my friend risked his life to save a low raliia.il from being lynched, who richly deserved it," broke in Fenton Howe, quickly. " Would you believe that this modern Bayard at the bridge Stood at bay against three score armed differs, furious with anger and liquor to save :i. wretch from Ins well merited desorts.'" Nay, not that," stammered the other, blusliin ''like a bov. " I—I could not stand by arid see a fellow creature massacred, however much he might deserve it." " Right, sir. There is the ring of our true English breed in that," said the Major. 'i'ue young girl turned her gaze upon Vauc's tell- tale face. "All men would not have acted BO bravely in the cause of humanity/' she said ia a low tone. " Possibly not," responded Vane, gravely. " Some raen are rash and impetuous ; some value life and hold it sweet. To mauv death conies as a relief." There was something; in his tone rather than in the words which led Grace Wei dou t<< regard him earnestly. It was on her tongue to remark—" and do you not value life — but ilie sadness on the handsome br^nz-id face seemed to chill the sentence on her lips. Young as she was, instinctively she felt that there was & history in the life of this man which she had no right to seek to read. Grace "Weldon, "gentle, generous of nature, brave, noble (if impulse, was at the age when young girlg are given a hero to worship, and hero was one reudv to niche in her imagination and her heart. For Fenton ilo.ve, despite the idea that Vane's former life was a closed book to him, went on to relate how his comrade had rescued him from the grave, and had tended him with the patience and gentleness of a woman. Temple Vane protested^ and grew flushed and angry, until Major Weldon came to the rescue with a few kind words of welcone to both. " I am very forgetful indeed, gentle: men ; but come this way ; Terauga shallshow you your quarters. By the time, you have made your toilet, dinner willbe ready." When the host and his guests had gone, Grace Weldon remained stiii standing under ti:e verandah, her eyes on the trees in the garden, but not seeing them, and unconsciously tapping her dainty boot •with her ridiug whip. Finally the prettr red lips part into a smile. '\Ah! he shall tell me who he is; I'm resolved to know." Then with au emphatic nod at the flowers, she entered the house to see if Nita had recovered consciousness^ and to despatch ft servant for Dr. Craig, of the Peak. P , s b i s f " t ( m CHAPTER V. MB EAJCR WELDON. Fenton and his friend were most hospitably received by the master of Pinefalls Station. To men who, having led a bu9h life, yet who feel at the same time that they have returned to the status of •ociety whence they came, the first, thought is for their toilet. The dress of our two friends required some renovation before they again entered the presence of the ladies; not that the process took long. In their small valises they carried no drpss coats ; ia fact, no broadcloth at all. The luxury of pure water, and a \- comb drawn through the silky hair and beard comprised the operation of dressing. "That Madame Elsie is a splendid woman," remarked Fenton, between frequent douches of water. "X never saw a handsomer," rejoined Vane, at the looking-glass. " But where is Mrs Weldon ?" " Oh, there 5s a Mrs Weldon ; young Westholme said oar host was married— that is he gave me to understand so; besides, there is that pretty girl, his daughter." " Conclusive evidence," laughed Vane. " Perhaps he is a widower. He said that years had brought sorrows. Hark! someone is singing." It was scarcely singing, but rather the half utterance of one whose thoughts were otherwise occupied ; but the voice was fresh and singularly sweet and clear. The song ran — We'D love as they loved of old, dear, When worth was much and wealth was small; For the world has grown so cold, dear, That its chill lie3 over all. The young men drew nearer the window. The song continued— Trite love should not despair, dear, Let us love as in days gone by ; The lark, whose nest is nearest earth, Finds her music in the sky. " It must be Miss Weldon," remarked Fenton ; " what a sweet voice ; I must get those words ; I wish she would go on." " It ia not likely," said Vane, who had returned quickly to the glass; " they are the two hist veraes.*' "You know the song f" exclaimed Fenton, in surprise. " Yes, I have heard it frequently," was the response. " Ah ! there the fair songster goes,'' remarked Fenton, AS Grace appeared from under the Verandah and proceeded ' to the flower bed3. Vine did not turn as he seemed busy with his silky beard, but his lips were compressed, his eyes betrayed a deep emotion, which had something of fierce, scornful defiance in them. " Our resources I fear, Vane," laughed his companion, " will scarcely turn us out Adonises ; they must take us as we are { but don't you think we shall be keeping our other refreshments waitins i" Vane tossed down the comb. " I beg your pardon, Howe," he replied, " I had forgotten." " Beauty unadorned is adorned the most," laughed Fenton ; " at least we can repute the saying that 'the tailor ma&es; the man,' if our costume is not quite da riffeur, it is not unbecoming." On descending they found a substantial m«al awaiting them ; the table made bright and light with flowers. Major V^eldon, with Grace, were present, and Madame EUflie aoon came in. Nita Black sc?med easier ; cooling lotions had been applied to her head, and she appeared asieep. As they sat down tlis youifg men exchanged glances. Their party was complete—their host was a widower. Ti:c conversation turned chiefly upon England. Yane spoke but little ; when he did it was upon general subjects, never referring to his own concerns or himself. Unnoticed by the rest it did not escape Fenion. 4 " Gentlemen," remarked Major Weldon, as the meal came to an end •• I must ask you to excuse — that is, it it be necessary—my leaving you for to entertain the ladits awhile ; but I have a new purchase of catile, and have to superintend their branding ; I always see to that myself." He rtse as he spoke and took his iiat. The others went with him into the verandah. Then, at a proposition from Fenton, they stepped down into the garden, which was spacious ; while beyond the flower beds extended an acre or more of shrubbery, throughout which paths had been nude, high tulips and other trees offering pleasant shade from the noon-day sUn. Madame Elsie had gone with Fenton to the other side of the house to show him her orchids ; and Yane, with Grace, who was strolling through the labyrinth just mentioned, when lie saw the girl, upon wiiose face he was looking, start, and a troubled expression come into her eyes as they were fixed in front of her. Glancing in the direction he beheld advancing towards tlicm a tall, graceful, handsome lady, whose likeness to Madame Elsie there was no i.istakin 3, but her face was wan, pale, and bore the marks of exceeding grief. Her hair, long and luxurious, was more grey than brown. Hur attire was a dres3 of some soft lavender hued material, which hung in almost classic folds as their wearer came slowly on, her slender hands dropped, clasped before her, aud her head depressed on her bosom. The figure was so striking, so out of place in sucii a spot that Temple Vane could not for the moment prevent his features expressing his astonishment. He was roused by Grace's light touch on his arm, her sweet voice falling in a whisper on his ear—"it is poor mamma. If you please come away, and do not disturb iier. Where can Mrs Winwood be she added, as to herself. Vane did not hesitate to obey, but some movement on their part aroused the advancing iaay. She raised her head quickiy ; then, with a loud cry, Iter eyes dilating as they res ted,-upon Temple, she sprang towards him. . He read the truth, at once—Mrs Weldon was mad ! His first impulse was to step back, but Grace's .small hands were clasping his arm, her voice whispered pleadingly —" oh ! pray, pray do not move ! We ought to have let you know ; but, indeed, she will do you no harm. oor, poor mamma !" v-Mxs Weldon advancing *agerlyj 'M itli evident excitement—for her paie cheek was flushed, her eyes brillaint—placed a slender, pretty hand on,each of Temple's houlders, and gazed at first fiercely ; but y degrees, with a most touching sorrow, nto his face. Slowly the hands slipped down to her ide ; the light faded from her delicate ace ; mournfully she shook her head. "No, no," she murmured, half aloud, not yet! not yet 5 It is not he. Ah ! his weary, weary waiting !" She was about to pass on, when Grace it appeared involuntarily) said—" dear amma !'' Mrs Weldon halted, and cast upon her almost a haughty look. " You !" she said, coldly. " Why do you call me inainma —you ?" Then, bursting into a soft, amused laugh, " you are not my little Grace—you !" (laughing again). "I never had any child but my darling—my Grace—my pretty, my sweet Grace!" Her voice had sunk again into its sad melancholy, and. without taking further heed of eitner she passed on, resuming the attitude in which Vane had first seen her. Grace Weldon covered her eyes with her hands ; a sob broke forth from her 4 hps. 5 1 Btiould not have spoken ! It was wrong ; but—but it is so sad 1" " Sad, indeed !" murmured Temple Vane in a tone full of sympathy. "Pardon me ; perhaps my presence—" " No ! no !" interrupted Grace, composing herself, and brushing away her tears. " Mr Vane, as you see, mamma has not her reason. It is a very sad story ; it was trouble that turned her brain. You will understand me. I am certain that I cannot tell you, neither can papa ; but aunt Elsie will—" " indeed, Miss Weldon, if the subject be painful, as I am sure it must be," interrupted Vane, looking down with that wondrous gentleness of which his eyes were capable, upon the prettv earnest face lifted to his— But Grace broke in— " Painful, of course it is, Mr Vane ; still, papa would prefer that you should know. Let us find auntie, if you do not mind ; and when you meet mamma again please do not notice her. She will not notice you now that she has seen that you are not he for whom she is always searching." They had turned in order to proceed to the orchard house when a middle-aged, quietly dressed, genteel looking woman overtook them, walking quickly. " Mrs Weldon came this way, did ehe not, Miss ?" she asked. Yes, Mra Winwood; she cannot have gone far." Indeed, at that moment they came in sight of the unhappy lady ; she 'was walking by Madame Elsie, whose arm was about her waist, while Mrs Weldon's head leaned on ner shoulder as she whispered — I have not found her yet, Elsie ; not yet. Oh, the weary waiting !" vvomai; Grace h ad addressed as Mrs Wmwood joining the sisters, Mis Weldon went on with her, while Madame Elsie came towards them. Grace hastened to meet her ; Temple, hailing, waited their approach. "I understand, Mr Vane," said Madame Elsie, as they, did so, that vou already know my poor brother-in-law's great trouble ; one, I fear, that will never De removed. Grace desires me to relate the cause of her unfortunate mother's insanity." "indeed," began Temple, when he stopped, finding that the young girl had quitted them unobserved. • " u tS '" remarie< i Madame Elsie, noting his glance, "this subject ia exceedingly painful to my neice, for the reason chut, though her mother kuows myself and her husband, she wfll not recognise her—treats her as a stranger " "A stranger!" eja-eSlated Temple, surprised as he recalled to his mind's eyi the graceful girl, 0£ whom any parent r might be proud. " It is so. Let us be seated here The story is not long, and we shall all be more at ease when you and Mr Howe are acquainted with it. Indeed," with a smile on her beautiful face, " my brother has left you for me to entertain, partly that I may have the opportunity. After you .know I am euce 1 shall hare uo need to 6 4 8 ask you to make no further reference to the subject, either to him or to Grace." " You may trust us, lam certain, 7 ' said Vane, earnestly. They hud taken their places on a rustic seat beneath the spreading branches of a tulip tree ; at the end of the path was the bright flower garden, with a glimpse of the house ; in the former was Grace, now walking with Fenton. Vane's eyes dwelt upon the two as they strolled—his head inclined, hers raised under her sunshade to his—and a pain went through his breast ; drawing a deep breath he turned towards his companion, who had become silent, and found her gaze earnestly regarding him ; meeting h'is glance she recovered herself, saying, " I beg your pardon, but your expression at that moment seemed so familiar to me that I could have fancied we must have met before. ' " I do not think that probable," rejoined Temple, vexed to feel the crimson blood Mealing from chin to brow, " for," he added quickly, " had we ever met, I could never have forgotten." Madame Elsie inclined her head at the compliment, as siie responded " no, it is quite impossible ; you have not been many months in the colony, while I have been many, many years." " You came out with Major Weldon r " No, 1 joined them here. But lam forgetting what I have to tell, and we may soon be interrupted. My brother. Major Weldon, came out to New Zealand nineteen years ago—immediately after his union with my sister Gertrude. It was really a marriage of pure affection ; their tastes in everything were similar, and, having fortune enough to take many of the old country's coinfjrt with them, bo!li their inclinations leading towards the freedom and unconventionally of an existence out here, a life of perfect happiness promised to bo theirs." "The promise for some time seemed to be more than fulfilled. Acliild Grace was born to them ; it consummated their joy, and their letters home were full of ilie delights that surrounded them. One day a sad, a terrible change came ; Gertrude was seated alone with her infant in the room we were just now in ; Major Woldon had ridden to the hills, inspecting the cattle ; the servants were all occupied in the outer premises when they were alarmed by loud screams from my sister. Hastening to learn the cause, they found^her extended insensible on the floor,, and the child gone. She was already coming to, and. as she, wild with grief,"'staggered to her feet, they gathered irom her disjointed sentences what had occurred :—" a ruffian,- 'a tatterdemalion sundowner, had suddenly presented himself before her, demanding money. She liad-indignantly approached the door to summon help, when, pinching the babe from her anns, he dashed her violently to the ground and .fled. _Even while she «ppke she was leading the way through the garden its. pursue, followed by some of the servants ; but before site had gone far—always weak and delicate—with a cry she pressed her hands to her temple, reeled, and fell into a fit." " While they were bearing her into the house her husband returned. You can imagine, ilr Yane, what his feelings wero better than I could describe them. With several mounted servants he set off in pursuit, scouriug the bush in all directions." "Successfully?" said Temple. "Miss Weldon's presence assures me of that." " Yes, successfully at last," answered Madame Elsie ; *' but who can portray the hours of agony the father passed before he was successful ? lb was not until dawn the next day." 'The next day !" exclaimed Temple Vane. " No les3 than a whole night had the infant been in the bush. My brother, as dawn broke, distracted, had begun to despair, when he heard a feeble cry issuing from the gully he was near. Trembling hopefully he followed the sound, and found the child resting on a bed of long grass, its clothes fortunately caught and held firmly by the thorny boughs of a bush. Horrible as it seems to belie\ e it of any human being, the man, no doubt, pressed by pursuit, had flung the child into the gully.'" " Heaven had preserved its life by a miracle—a miracle indeed, for as my brother raised the little creature in his trembling arms, a death-adder raised its head from the ground, scarcely two feet away, and glided off through the grass. The child, smiling up into his face, assured him it had not been hurt." 4 4 With joy he rode full speed home to carry the good news to Gertrude. The intelligence which awaited him nearly struck him down. His wife was raving in delirium. All hope was abandoned of her recovery. Finally, however, the crisis passed—she lived, but bereft of reason." 4 1 Since she quitted her bed of sickness she has been as you have seen her. Though years have passed the robbery of her child remains to her as a recent occurence ; her ideas never change. She has but two—to discover the villain who stole her Grace, and to find her baby, for a baby she remains in her eyes—as she last saw it, and believes so it still will be when she finds it. Her want of reason prevents her understanding that the infant has grown alniest a woman. Thus it is that she will not recognise Grace, but laughs, and sometimes' betrays anger, though that is seldom, when the poor child addresses her as 4 mamma.'" " It is a sad story indeed,'' remarked Temple, sympathetically. " Had I put my hands on such a scoundrel I would haye adopted lynch-law myself. Was he never traced T' 4 4 Never. You see pursuit was not easy after he had got a fair start away. We may imagine he was one of or afterwards joined a party of bushrangers, who had made their home among the hills." " And is there no hope for Mrs Weldon ?" asked Temple. 4 4 At first the doctors gave us much hope ; that time would restore her. It has proved otherwise. And now they say there is only one chance."' 4 4 And what V" 4 4 That should she again meet the man the shock might restore her." 4 4 Do you fancy your sister would know him 1" 4 4 1 am certain of it, for it is the one face she broods upon—which she has ever before her. Every stranger she sees she treats as Grace told me she treated you. But after one steady gaze she sees it is not him whom she seeks. Yes, I am convinced, despite the number of years, that Gertrude would recognise him." CHAPTER VI. PLAYING WITH FIKE. Madame Elsie was called away to attend Nita, who about this time had begun to show signs of returning consciousness. In a musing mood she passed through the house, thinking of the man she had just left. Mr Vane requires no better letter of introduction than liis face," she pondered. " Strange, there was aa expression upon it just now that struck me sc .familiarly : It seemed as if some well remembered countenance beamed out upon me from tlin prist. Vane! Vane! No, 1 can recall no name like that." It appeared as if the spirit of self conscience were upon them all to-day at Pinefalls. Temple Vane, on being left alone, rose and went deeper into the shade of the giant kauri trees, out of view of the garden and the house. He began pacing to and fro, his expression full of trouble. " What, so soon !"' he muttered. " Idiot! madman ! do I forget so easily? Besides, do I not remember what I am ?" with a bitter laugh. 4 4 How these people have received and treated me ; they regard me as one of themselves. Would they if they knew how the tell tale blood rushed into my cheeks when she said my expression was familiar ? Thank heaven, that could not be." He discontinued his restless walk. Then he went on. " I should avoid suo-h places as this, such people. I—disgraced —have no riifht here. I was not guilty, yet the world would not judge so. No, from the first I was condemned ; flung out an outcast and a wanderer. I had better have gone on. Well," drawing himself erect and taking a deep breath, 4 although here, I can leave when Ilike ; nothing keeps me ?" " Was that quite true V Had not the fetters of a young girl's beauty already begun to be forged about him ? Fetters rosy enough generally, but for him destined to possess many a thorn. Feeling his absence might attract attention, aud now pretty well resolved in his own mind respecting his future actions, he proceeded to find Fenton and Grace Weldon. It -vas some little time before ha succeeded. They were neither in the garden nor the orchid housi. lie decided to go to the verandah and wait, when Feulon'a voice fell on his ear almost by his side. Glancing round he perceived that part of the hedne near which he 6tood formed the back of an arbour, in which were his friend and Grace Weldon. Ilowe was leaning against the opening, looking down at his companion, who seated, had her face raised towards him, its expression rapt, absorbed as she listened. A smile, b.tter, yet sad, passed over Temple Vane's features. 4 4 Idiot indeed," he thought ; " what need had I to fear?" . He stopped, that same tell tale blood rushing to his face. It was Miss Weldon who was speaking. 4 4 Ah, no wonder you feel grateful," she said, addressing Howe. " I am sure 1 should be. I should hold my life almost at his service who had done so much for me. He is as brave and generous as he looks, is he not ?" Temple Vane, though he knew not the purport of this conversation, felt that he was in a false position, and therefore moved noiselessly away. Tne wilful Gracie had kept her word. She had made Fenton Howe relate how Vane had twice rescued him from the jaws of death. Why did she feel glad at the recital of the story? Were the rosy fetters of the love-god beginning to unfold her pure young life. Ah! well, che sara sara." There was plenty of trouble for her, and for them all with their patient. Poor Nita's awakening had- been succeeded by worse symptoms, and brain fever was the result. Doctor Craig, summoned hastily, shook his head when he saw the sufferer. " Time and good nursing will do more for her than I can," he said, gravely. The patient did not lack nurses. The three available for the task were ever at their post. Meanwhile the ejrenings at Pinefalls were most pleasant, when the lamps were lit and the host and his guests assembled in the roomy dining hall. Wondrous indeed, the scene from the verandah, with the moonlight upon the ranges, the deen ravines, aud the mountain peaks, that shimmered in the after glow, as if endowed with life and motion. But more wondrous still the tales told by the chieftain, Te Hunna, of his ancestors and their war gods—the pagan rites and ceremonies that were yet performed by many of ha people. At such times conservation would merge into short questions by the rest, until the Maori found himself the centre of a listening circle, who, though mostly sceptical, hung with wrapt attention upon his strange tales. One evening Te Hunna gave a practical test of his quality for the marvellous, which left a lasting impression npon one of his audience, some of whom had been most antagonistic to his views. The conversation turned upon magic, and occult matters generally. The Maori, who had held a dignified reserve for some time, was drawn into the discussion, and defended his views with consummate ability. It was a lovely night, but warm, and all the windows of the spacious dining room were wide open, and the apartments well lighted. Madame Elsie, together with Mrs Weldon, who, on this evening seemed quiet and rational in her demeanour, were seated opposite Te Hunna. Major Weldon, with Grace, Vane, and Howe, together with Uurke Brady, on the other side of the room. Madame Elsie looked hard at the Maori 4 and smiled. 1 1 fear that I am one of little faith," she said ; " you will find me a very stiff necked heretic, and hard to convert to your views.'' 4 4 Havevcu ever studied the subject, J Madam?" ' " No," she admitted, with a polite bow. I should not think of studying it seriously, any more than I should attempt to practice chemistry or astrology." 4 'The Pakeha are famed "for being the mo3t practical people on the face of the globe, hence I can understand your incredulity, madam; " 4 but look at mes- 4 merism—no one doubts the truth of the phenomena now, though for the time being a crowd of charlatans arose and cast discredit on what is now universally admitted to be one of the most inexplicable mysteries of the present day." And here Major Weldon's voice arose 4 from the other side of the room. 4 My good Te Hunna, cannot you silence the female battery by some test ? Are there any of us present who you think would be particularly sensitive to this strange force, call it what you like T' The Maori looked around hiin with a strange light gleaming in his large black 4 eyes. 1 Major Weldon is certainly hot a fit subject for magnetic 'influence; then his gaze passed over the other three, Vane, Howe, and Brady, until it fastened itself finally on Madam Elsie." Here he rose 4 to his feet and added, 4 if I mistake not, you, madam, are a fit subject, and decidedly a "sensitive"as I call it." "It is not possible to find a more matter of fact person than my sister," cried the major, elevating his eyebrow?. Madam Elsio (and I say it in all brotherly "love) is totally devoid of imagination, and has no belief whatever in either magnetic influence or will force any more than I have in our old English legends of ,ghosts.—To be Continued, MH4 Sil ? 