GENERALITIES. A handful of common sense is worth a bushel of learning. The oow sets us an exoellent example. She never blows her own horn. Ghosts are not always meant when the shades of night are spoken of. Proper respeot for some persons is best pre served by avoiding their neighbourhood. " Is your wife of a sunny disposition!" "Yes, she makes it pretty warm for me some times." Attorney—"I want the truth, the whole truth, and nothing bnt the truth." Witness (testily)- "Well, you shall have it; but you don't want to be talking to me as if I were a lawyer." What He Got.—"Thomas, of what fruit is oider made!" "Don't know, sir." "Wbv, what a stupid boy! What did you get when you robbed Farmer Jones's orchard last sum mer?" "Thrashed!" A Hew York divorce lawyer's advertise ment reads thus — " Hymeuial incompati bilities, as a speoiahty, carefully adjusted. 'Tie slavery to detain the hand after the heart hath fled." A Louisiana farmer is reported to be the possessor of a cow, perfect in every other par ticular, whioh is only the eize of a good-sized Newfoundland dog. Whether or not it gives condensed milk is not stated. Coroner—"Is this man whom yon found dead on the railroad-track a total stranger 1" Mike (who has been told to be careful in his statement)—"No, sor. His legs was gone intoirely. He was a partial stranger, sor." Professor de Soienoe—"Statiitios show that men are growing shorter and women are growing taller." Lady—"Not unlikely. I don't know of anything that has such a etretohy effect as hanging on to tramoar straps." A little Sootch boy, on being rescued by a bystander from the dock into which he had fallen, expressed heartfelt gratitude, saying:— "I'm so glad you got me out. Whatahckin' I wad have had frae my mither if I had been drooned!" A dramatic translator, introducing a well known oomedian to Madame Vestris, eaid, "Madame, this is Mr. B., who is not suoh a fool as he looks." "True, madame,"eaid the oomedian, "and that is the great differonoe between me and my friend." A report of a Frenoh duel has the following interesting oonclusion:—"M. Lelache having fired bis shot it was now the tum of M. Boboche to disoharge his weapon. He waited calmly for a moment, brought up his pistol, awaited the word—and fired in the air. This was not, however, so great an act of magna nimity as might be supposed, for bis an tagonist had climbed a tree." A man broke a chair over his wife's head. When he got to gaol, and the clergyman un dertook to talk with him, he displayed a good deal of peDitenoe. He said he was very sorry that he nad permitted his anger to obtain the mastery of Lim, and to suffer him to do suoh an act, beoause it was a good 'chair, one of those real old-fashioned chairs, which was an heirloom in his family, and he never could replace it. Mistress—Are you going to marry Dennis, Mary Ann ? Mary Ann—Oh, no, mum ; he's too near a relation. Mistress—Why, Idin't know that. How near is he ? Mary Ann — Well, you see, mum, me aunt married his fathur that wuz to be; a' thin me aunt doid an* his fayther mar ried her that wus aftherwards his mother; so himself wud have been own cousin to me if me aunt hadn't doied. _ Talking to a collier's wife the other day, I was amused at the following original way of looking at cookery schools:—"Noa,Idoan't 'old with them cookery sohools; it makes t' men think too muoh on their etomachs. There's my own neighbour, Mrs. Frances, next door; ehe went to one o* them new fangled eohools, she did, and her master, as used to be content wi' a bit o' stew, or may hap a rasher of bacon for bis dinner, bless you 1 now he inun have a dish fit for a King set afore him, and summat tasty for his supper and Mb breakfast into t' bargain. And if there's aught not to his loiking, his missus does 'avea time;of it, I can tell you, letalone that she does a'moat nobbut else but oook for him. Ah-! them sohools does a deal of 'arm."' Miss Daisy, from the oity, is being Bhown around the farm by Mr. Oatorop, who is endeavouring to explain to her the ins and outs of farm life. "Neow, this is the corn field, Miss, an' over there yanaer is the hay, an' aside of that iB the wheat. Deown there yander in the far corner is the oats" " Oh 11 do want to see the oats so badly. What kind are they ?" " Oh, they is just the Ob, I m so sorry, but plain oats. Miss." where do you have the other oats growing?" "What others is that, Miss?" "Why the wild oats that I hear them speak of in town." "I don't know nothin* 'bout them, Miss. Howsumever, my son Jim, what's been deown to the College in teown this winter larnin', may know suthin' 'bout 'em. Ill ask bim. We don't sow 'em on our place." It was a very warm Sabbath afternoon, and the door of the pariah kirk in the little hamlet of B wan standing wide open to admit as muoh fresh air as possible. While the sermon was proceeding a stray goose af an inquisitive turn of mind thrust its head in at the door, peered cautiously about, and at length stepped fairly inside the bnilding. Now, the seats of the Cboroh were so arranged that the door could not be seen by any one save the minister and the preoeutor. The latter, a somewhat irreverent and light-minded young man, seemed highly .tiokled at the idea of a goose attending service, and grinned and winked to hiB chums in a manner highly displeasing to the graver portion of the worshippers, to whom the cause of his mirth was unknown. The minister, on the other hand, was some what irritated by tbe intrusion of the bird, and called to tbe beadle—"John, I eay, John, put out that goose." Honest John straight forward arose from his seat, stalked up the aisle to tbe preeentor's desk, and grasping that astonished young man by the shonlder ex claimed—"dome awa' oot, ma man; dae ye no' bear what the minister Bays ?" 