Local and G-cneral. PROBATE DOTY.-During last week probate duty was paid on the following estates : J. Lawson,' Luddenham, £170; J. Pye, Windsor, £170 j G, Dewdney, Emu Plains, £525. ACCEPTED TENDER.-A meeting of the Executive Committee of the Nepean Cottage Hospital was held on Friday evening last, when tenders were considered for erecting a two rails and a two wire fence around the new hospital Bite. After various tender* had been considered, that of W, Boots, senr., was accepted at 53 per rod. PUBLIC GATES AT MULGOA CANCELLED,-We notice by Tuesday's Government Gazette, that the permission granted to Messrs. William Megarrity, John Gibson, J. E, Baines, and Robert Hamilton, to erect public gates on road from Mulgoa Forest to Blaxland's crossing, May 13,1881, will be cancelled at the expiration of twelve months from this date. A MOUNTED CONSTABLE,-The following communication has been handed to us by Mr, S, E. Lees, M.P.-Police Department, Inspector General's Office, Sydney, SOth June 1893,-Dear Sir, In reply to your note of the 20th instant, I beg to inform you that a mounted Constable will in future be stationed at Springwood and patrol the road to Lawson. Yours truly, Edmund Fosberry. FLOURISHING MAOBILAND.-Mr. Ward, the New Zealand Treasurer, made bis financial statement in the House of Representatives, on Tuesday. The estimates of expenditure amount to £4,409,000, and the revenue to £4,539,000, showing a surplus of £130,000. During the ensueing year # the New Zealand Government proposes to devote' £250,000 to public works. So much for frozen mutton. A CAPSIZE.-On Friday night last a most remarkable capsize occurred on the Castlereagh Road. Mr. Henry Small was driving home with bis wife and four children in a spring cart, and as they w ere rounding Clarke's corner the driver wished to turn too sharply which resulted in the cart tipping clean over. The result was not seriousj however, as (he youngsters were thrown quite clear, but the lady had her arm slightly injured, and the driver received a few scratches. TENNIS CLUB AT KATOOMBA.-A number of residents assembled at the Council Chambers, Katoomba, on Saturday afternoon to discuss the possibility of forming a tennis club. Mr. J. W. Fletcher, J.P,, was voted to the chair, and after the matter had been fully discussed, it was decided to form a club to be called the Katoomba Lawn Tennis Club. Sir F. M. Darley was appointed President; Messrs. J. W. Fletcher and Dr. T. Prangley, Jfl.P., Vice-Presidents j Mr. H. Kaye, Treasurer j Mr. W. F, Kaye, Secretary. A good working committee was also formed. It is intended to proceed with the formation of the courts at once, so that they will be available during the coming season.-Herald. WELL PATRONISED LIBRARY.-The report of the Penrith Free Public Library for the last six months (January 2nd, to June the 30th), shows that 2915 Eersons have viBited this institution, and that the ooks exchanged number 2338. We understand that a good number of people visit the Librarj and never sign their names, showing at all events that it is well patronised. With regard to the class of books read, we can say of out own knowledge, that nine out of ten books taken out are works of fiction, so that the Library, though the amount of instruction received from it may not be all that can be desired it at least affords a means of entertaining a large number. TROUBLES NEVER COME ALONE.-On Monday morning last Mr. W. Croome, of McDonald's Creek, returned from Penrith, where he had gone to attend the funeral of his only sister-Mrs. Eaton. He had not been home long w'.ica his wife was seized by a fit, and for a time it was thought she was dead, but she revived, only to relapse into unconsciousness. Mcdical aid was summoned from Mudgee, but Mrs. Croome still lies in a critical condition. It is only about a^fortnight since one of Mr. Croome's little daughters was severely burnt through her< nightdress catching fire a9 she was retiring to bed. It will thus be seen that, with THE NEW GOLD FIELD.-Upon interviewing Mr Stopford, forest ranger, who returned on Saturday from a visit to Wheelbarrow Ridge, he Baid that his object in visiting this plnce was in the interests of his department, as Wheelbarrow Kidge is a forest reserve. The ridge is of sandBtone formation, and there is not the slightest indication of it being auriferous in any way, and no gold has ever been found there. He, however, ascertained that gold has been got at Datkie, which is on the Bulga Road stock route. This place is 90 miles from Richmond, and 60 miles further on than the place which he went to see. There are 30 men employed there now, and have been for the past four weeks. They are getting gold scarcely suffici to pay expenses, and there is nothing at all in the discovery to warrant a rush. HAWKESBURY AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.-The annual meeting of the Hawkesbury Agricultural Society was held on Wednesday afternoon, at which the following were appointed office-bearers for the ensuing year.-President, Mr. J. D, Single j vice-presidents, Colonel Holborrow, Dr. Callagnan, and Messrs. W. H, Dean, P. H. Ridge, W. Gosper, and P. Charley ; treasurer, Mr. T. H. F. Griffin ; auditors, Messrs. C. Hole, and.W, Beard ; ^nd a large committee. Mr. C. S. Guest, the secretary, was presented with a bonus of £25 for his past services. The Show dinner will be held at the end of this month, and the Show ball a month later. The annual'rBnort stated that the debit balance of £237 19s at tne beginning of the year had given place to a gross credit balance of £224 lis 4d ; but againstfthis was the the claim for unpaid prizes' £S30. This liability will be liquidated from the Government subsidy of £145 5s 3d now due, and an overdraft from the Bank. INTERESTING CASE''TO STOREKEEPERS.-The country storekeeper, and his customers also, will be interested in the result :ot a case heard in the supreme court, Sydney, recently, in which James Haslam, storekeeper of Molong, sought to ^recover from John Whittington Williams, miner and seleoton, £1121 6a-4Jd. Williams has been dealing with Hfcslam for twenty years or more, and his account had' become heavy. In 1876 Haslam commenced charging interest on accounts that were not paid quarterly, and about half the amount sued for was made up of interest. Compound interest was charged-that is to say, 10 per cent, per annum, with quarterly rests. WilliamB objected to pay any interests except 10 per cent, in connection with this promissory note, in respect of which there had been a specific agreement. Tfaore was no definite agreement as to the other interest, but the jury were evidently of opinion that there was an implied agreement, and they accordingly found for plaintiff for the full amount claimed.-Ex, EASTERN CREEK LABOR FARM.-A meeting of tho committee was held on Friday afternoon of last week at 557 Harris-street, Ultimo. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. D. Langley, and there were also present: Rev. Dr. Manning, Rev. D. H. Dillon, Mr. W. H. Dlbley, Mr. Theo. Elwyn, Mr. J. S. E. Ellis, Mr. John Sidney, Mr. Charles J. K, Uhr (honorary secretary), and Dr. E. Grether (manager). The obairman reported for the week ended Juno 24 Number of weeks served, G06; beds occupied, 208 ; employment found for 2 ; dis missed 2 ; now remaining, 28. The following is the farm report for the last fortnightMeals served, 255 ; bods occupied, 85 ; remaining on the farm, 7 persons. The financial position of the farm was again discussed, and tho question of carrying on the farm was brought forward by the chairman, who reported that another "jumble sale," held at the home, had realised £15 for the farm, and tlmf with the subscriptions recoived they had enough money in hand to pay the farm exponses up to Sep tember. No definite conclusion was arrival at, the memben being of opinion that it would be a pity to give up the farm when there was every prospect of ft being self-supporting. TENUIS.-Oa Wednesday lR9t, a fair number of members turned np for practice, and during the afternoon some very enjoyable games were played. The match with the school club will, in all proba bility, be renewed next week. NEW PUBLICATION.-We have received the first number of a new family journal entitled " Coo-ee." The little paper is neatly printed and contains such matter as is likely to prove acceptable to all families. We wish the promoters eyery success in the new venture. AN ANONYMOUS COBBKPONDENT.-We have received a brief letter from, an anonymous corres pondent at Booty Hill on the subject of federation. There is "nothing in it," however, and as the writer is rather bashful, and refuses to sign or give us his name, we do not publish his letter. SELF-DENIAL WEEK.-AS the result of the w«ek of Belf-denial in Penrith the following amounts, which have been duly forwarded to the Mayoress of Sydney, have been collectedMrs. G. Brown's box, £i 17s 4jd ; Mrs. P, D. Woodrifl's box, £3 12 ; Mrs. Arthur Judges' box, £3 8s Id ; Mrs, W. H. Williams' box, £1 12s 4d. Total, £13 9s 9Jd. FIRE BRIGADE.-We are pleased to hear rumors of an attempt to forma fire brigade in Penrith, but we fancy a start is being made, at the wrong end, It is proposed to [get up a concert in aid of the'brigade, but it surely would be a much more practical way of doing business if a public meeting were called and a brigade formed before getting money to aid one that does not exist. KEATINU'S COUGH LOZENGES cures Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis. Medical testimony stateB that no other medicine is so effectual in the cure of these dangerous maladies. One Lozenge also gives ease, one or two at bedtime ensures rest. For relieving difficulty of breathing they are invaluable. They contain no opium nor any violent drag. Solp by all Chemists, in Tins, Is ljd and 2s 9d each. THE BEST REMEDY FOR INDIGESTION.-Norton's Camomile Pills are confidently recommended as a Simple Remedy for Indigestion, which is the cause of nearly all the diseases to which we are subject Norton Pills, with justice called the "Nature's Strengthener of the Human Stomach," act as a powerful tonic and gentle aperient, are mild in their operation, and safe under any circumstances. Sold in bottles, at 1B lid., 2s 9d., lis., by all Medicine vendors throughout the World. ANOTHER SPILL.-On Tuesday afterfiijlrf as Dr. Shand was ridiBg home from Emu Plains, his horse tripped in High-Street, just opposite the Nepean Hotel, and fell headlongr, landing the doctor on all fours in the dust. Some residents at once rushed to his assistance and he was taken to the hotel. After a few minutes rest and a good brushing up he con tinued his journey very little the worse for the burst. FOOTBAI-L MATCH,-On r Wednesday afternoon last, a football match was played omBelmore Park, between the Penrith and Richmond Half-holiday clubs. ' The game all through was very rough,' and from what we can hear the visitors were the princi pal offenders in this respect. Of course the barrac kers rolled np in full force, but is only fair to say that they did not in way interfere with the game, nor was any bad language used. The Richmond boys at length came out victorious, scoring nine points, while the locals were only fortunate enough to secure a try, which was gained by W. Lang. NEPEAN DAIRY COMPANY, LIMITED. -The ordinary monthly meeting of the above was held at the office^of the Company on Wednesday last. Present-Messrs. Fulton, Judges, Hollier and Colless. Accounts were passed for payment, and id per gallon allowed for milk for the month of June. The position of the Company is improving slightly, and it is expected that' in the course of another couple of months business will begin to pay. The demand for the butter now is ten times greater than the supply and the best price is always obtainable. The fifth call of one shilling per share was made payable on 20th July. A BIG Loss.-Mr. F. M. Vine sustained a very severe loss on Wednesday last at Canterbury thr/wph The Nut, breakingthe fetlock. The animaTTias oeeiraomg a good deal of exercise lately, and was considered a good thing for the selling raoe in which he wasjentered. The acci dent was a simple one, the horse had gone three parts of his journey when he was noticed to stop suddenly and then limp in on three legs. An ! examination proved the leg broken. Mr. Vine is doctoring him up, but his racing days are over and he goes to tbe Btud as soon as the broken limb I mends. I ) HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.-Never at 1 fault.-In all irritations of the skins, sores, ulcers, barns, and scrofulous enlargements of the glands, Holloway's Ointment presents an easy means of curs I which never dissappoints the most favorable expec tations. It manifests a peculiar power in restraining inflammation, removing stagnation, cooling the heated blood and cheoking all acrimonous or unhealthy discharges. Whilst thus acting locally, the Pills are no less remarkable for their power in improving the general condition and habit of body,: which renders the cures complete and permanent.! Under the general influence of these potent remedies, the puny infant becomes the robust child ; the pale and emaoiated regain colour and rotundity; and the dyspeptic eats freely without fear, NARROW ESCAPE.-Last Saturday, as Mr. Beech (station master at St. *Marys) and Mr. W. Morris, were returning to St. Marys, they had a very ugly spill at the corner of High and Station-streets, Mr. Beech was driving, and going round the corner quickly the near wheel caught the edge of the kerb and the sulky was thrown clean on its side, Mr. Beech receiving a nasty cut just over the right temple; Mr. Morris was only slightly injured. A crowd soon gathered round, and Mr. Beech, -who was unconscious, was removed to Vallance's Hotel, 1 and Mr. Perritt attended to him until Dr. Shand arrived. Both gantlemen shortly afterwards were driven to St. Marys by Mr. T. R. Smith. The horse, which was a very quiet one, still travelled on after the capsize, with the sulky turned ,on its side, until he was stopped by F. Crothers opposite to Mr. Besley's. Tbe animal was uninjured, but the sulky was badly knocked about. STILL MORE LIBERAL.-The Commercial Bank ing Company of Sydney has been more than as good as its word in the matter of liberating current account balances. When its liberal terms in this respect were disclosed in the place of reconstruction, i there was a general feeling of satisfaction, which increased when the promise was made at re- opening to deal still more liberally with ourrent account depositors. The authorities" of the bank have transferred all the balances remaining to the credit I of current account customers in the old bank to the credit of the said customers in the new bank. That is to say, the whole of the amounts are now avail able, so that the bank is now upon a sounder foot- j ing than it was before, and its depositors have j scarcely suffcred bny inconvenience. DR. BARNABDO'S NIGHT AND DAY for May just to hand is largely devoted to a series of telling and well-illustrated cases of actual rescue of children. These conclusively show how wide is the area of suffering and destitution with whioh the Institution grapples. The cases specified include a baby of a few months old. a cripple admitted from Newcastle, a one-armed lad of 16, a handsome lad of Turkish extraction, and others. The children in the Homes number close upon 5,000, and an urgent plea is being made to their friends everywhere to supply needed funds to the fexohequer, especially for the purpose of emigrating 250 trained lads on the 15th June. The Annual Meeting of the Homes will, tliiB year &9 previously, take place in the Royal,Albert Hall, the date fixed being Wednesday, 7th June, Lord Brassey, K.C.B., will preside. In the snppli ment to the issue Dr. Barnardo comments upon the recent decision in his favour in the Gossage case, and deals fully with oertain incidental criticisms uttered by Mr. Baron Pollock and Mr. Justice Hawkins. The opening article in the number is a powerful appeal for support to tho friends of the work under cironm»tanco» of pressing urgency. A CUBIOSXTY,-One of out subscribers, who owed us a year's subscription (l(te) kindly forwarded a post age'stamp to the value of ten shillings. The stamp is of course worth 10s, but as we haveno use for it, we are as far off that ten bob as ever. Our local postmaster, who has been in the department for 24 ears, confesses that he never sold such a stamp in is life, nor is there any demand for same here. KATOOMBA LICENSING COUBT.-The Quarterly Licensing Court WAS held on Wednesday morning, Mr. J, K. Cleeve, P.M., and Mr. A. Stephen, J.P., being on the Bench. A renewal of license was granted to P. C.Goyder for the Carrington Hotel. A conditional liccnse for an hotel to be built at Leura was granted, and a license for an hotel at Megalong was refused, owing to the plans being imperfectly drawn. THE WBATHBB.-During the week we have experienced some of the most changeable and varied weather it is possible to have. The mornings of Monday and Tuesday were bitterly cold, especi ally the latter, when the majority of water taps in town were choked with ice, and the thermometer registered 26 degrees fahr. On Wednesday morning wind started and continued all day Wednesday and Thursday, bringing in Friday morning mild and pleasant with every appearance of rain, OBANQE CELEBRATION.--The annual celebration of the local branch of the L. 0. L., will take place in the Temperance Hall, on Sunday afternoon, July 16th, when the various ministers of Penrith will address the meeting. Services will also be held as follows:-Wesleyan Church, 11a.m., 9th July, by Rev. W. H. Williams; Church of England, 3 p.m., on 9th July, by Rev. G. Brown j Presby terian, 11 a.m., on 16th July, by Rev. J. McKee j Primitive Methodist, 7 p.m., on 16th July, by Rev. H. Hurd. A SODDEN DEATH.-A remarkably sudden death occurred at Tottenham Park, three miles from St. Marys, on Wednesday morning, when Mr, George Charker, who resided by himself in a couple of rooms, was found dead in bed, A magisterial I enquiry was held on Thursday morning by Mr. J. Lethbridge, J.P., Coroner, who, after nearing the evidence of Dr, Brady, found that the deceased died of senile deoay accelerated by syncope of the heart. The deceased, who was about 75 years of age, was well known all over the district. A FABEWELL SOCIAL.-On Wednesday evening a farewell social was tendered to Miss Thompson, who is leaving the district after a residence of six years init, by a committee of about half-a-dozen young ladies. The hall was beautifully decorated, the floor was tip-top for dancing, and as there were about 38 coupleB present, everything passed off most pleasantly. At midnight the company had supper, and the . programme, consisting of 20 dances and four extras, was concluded about four O'clock. A NEW CHOBOH.-The hint given by Rev. J. Einghorn at the welcome tea and public meeting given to Rev. James McKee on Wednesday of laBt week, to the effect that the local Presbyterians require a new Church, seems to have taken a good effect. The subject is now much spoken about, and we, as well as Mr. Einghorn, will be pleased to see the first steps taken in the matter. The new pastor seoma to be just the man wanted at this particular time, having already shown, his energy by having the electric light installed in the Manse. LOCAL OPTION BILL.-Aiter Mr, Roseby's lecture in the Wesleyan Church had been concluded on Monday night, the following resolutions were proposed and unanimously adopted :-(1.) That this public meeting of the residents of Penrith de sires to express its emphatic approval of the Local Option Bill now before the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, as it contains the principle of full Local Option without Compensation. We eventually hope the measure will speedily fee made the law of the land. (2.) That the above named resolution be embodied in the petition and signed by the chairman' on behalf of the meeting, for presentation to Parliament by the member repre senting this district. \- THE LOCAL GOVERNMW.VT ?RTT.T,-RpnaHnS ot the banquet given to the delegates to the Parmer's Conference at Cootamundra, Mr. Barnes, M.L.A,, said " During the last three of four months Parliament had done good work, although previous to that they met with opposition which prevented them doing anything. After they had fought that opposition they managed before the prorogation to get Bome woik c'one. He, however, would have liked to have seen the Local Government Bill passed, (Hear, hear.) ^ When the people got that measure they would find they had taken upon themselves a burden, but it was only right that the people should bear their proportion of the expense of self-government. He heard a great deal: about special aTeas, but the people who had taken them up had done so of their own free will. They had entered' into a contract--(A voice: They were foroed into it.") Who forced them? (A voice: " Necessity.") If the people had not been willing to pay more than a pound an acre for that land they would have got it at that price, but because the people rushed for the land the Minister in creased the price." PREACHING IN THE STBEETS.-A test case as to legality of preaching in the public-street and col lecting a crowd around, thereby interfering with ,passengers and traffic, was tried in the summons division of the Central Police Court, Sydney, be fore Mr. Gr. W. J. Addison, S.M,, when Mr. Seymour, Inspector of Nuisances to the Sydney Municipal Council, proceeded against Edward P. Field. The court was crowded throughout the day by clergymen, persons interested in the work of the Salvation Army, the various missions, and others. Ihe hearing of the case occupied a considerable 1 portion of the morning and the whole of the | afternoon, and the police.were continually caution ing the spectators who periodically applauded. The evidence for the prosecutor pointed out that dtfendant was standing preaching on the side wklk with^a-bout 200 persons around him. A constable cautioned tha defendant but he refused to move, so the Council determined to make a test cise of the affair. The magistrate pointed out that iti was most important the traffic of the streets should not be interrupted, and after much discus sion the defendant was fined 20s, 5s 6d. costs, I i ? -- (No MOBB MILK.-At a township not a thousand miles from Penrith a leading resident resides who is very clever with the violin, and as be is popular and his company agreeable, he is generally welcome at any social that is held in the locality. Tt. BO happened that one of these pleasant evenings occurred a week or so ago, and of course our violinist was there in all his glory. As usual there were the accompanying refreshments, and as the host was a most agreeable fellow, our friend was not much of a violinist at the conclusion. At mid night he set out on his journey homewards, but unfortunately their happened to bs a pub on the road. He, therefore, became quite thirsty, and as he j'neared the pub bis thirst increased, so he thought that as it was one o'clock a.m. he would rouse the publican. Now (ho man in charge of the ploie was a well-known alderman, not by any means remarkable for his meekness, so when he was thus unceremoniously roused out, and he found out, the very important subject over which his penceful slumbers had been broken, his wrath aroio, to such an extent that when the fiddler asked for his glass of " irrigation," the man of drains :and bridges promptly told his visitor to go to blaaky blank. The ire of the other party was immediately aroused, and as he remembered the debt of gratitude that the publican. owed him because he gave him milk every morning on his way to the factory, he straightway threatened to stop giving the chalk and water to the disagreeable alderman. This didn't strike the latter man very mortally, and he straightway returned to the blanketa, leaving the visitor talking to the dog in tho yard. Then the dog, who did not seem dis mayed by (tfie horrible threat that emanated from His Worship, began to move about, so the man and the fiddle, not thinking the place to which his friend recommended him to go to be suitable, found his way home, and the free supply of milk £0 the publican has been cut short. CONSOMEBS or WAX VESTAS must be careful to see that they get Bryant and May's only, which are the very best in quality and twenty per cent, more in quantity than the foreign-made wax vestas. Bryant and May's plaid Wax Vestas are made only in London, and have been awarded 19 PBIZB MEDALS for excellence of quality. Every box of Bryant May's Wax Vestas bears their name on a white ribbon, insid# the well-known red, black and blue star trade mark. Ask for Bryant and May's Wax Vestas, and do not be deceived by the inferior areicle,» WHY THE BANK BBOKE,-It didn't fail, Last Saturday the Orenite Hill Savings bank failed to open its doors, and a noticc was posted up to the effect that it would open in about a week and pay at least 50 cents on the dollar. The boys got together about 10 o'oclock, and Mr. Duggan, president, was invited to explain matters. He said he hadn't time just then, but after a rope had been passed over his neck, he explained that the failure had been caused by over- confidence in silver mine investments. The boys doubted this, and Mr. Duggan was taken into the bank and compelled to show his books and cash. After figuring for about two hours a committee found ther6 was enough money to pay every depositor 1 dollar 46 cents, on the dollar, and it was accordingly passed out and the bank wound up in a shipshape fashion. It was no failure, but simply going out of business, Mr. Duggan bad calculated on a little scoop, but the boys got ahead of him. He left town on foot, carrying a spare paper collar in his pocket, and he will probably look for some hayseed town in which to begin life anew. We have a failure in trade here now and then, but we permit no bank to fail un less all depositors are first paid in full.-" Arizona Kicher," \ SANDER AND SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTBACT. In protection of the world-wide fame our manu facture has acquired all over the globe, we publish the following :-Hazard, M.D,, Professor of General Pathology and diseases o£ the Mind, and Nervous System, says in an editorial published in the Clinical Record :-" We have examined half-a dozen specimens of different manufactures : the preparation of Sander and Sons was the only one that proved to be reliable and corresponding to scientific tastes." Another concoction called " Re fined Extract of Eucalyptus," has made its appear ance since. This product stands, according to Dr. Owen, foremost in causing injurious effects. That gentleman communicates at a meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria, that a child living at Fitzroy became most seriously indisposed through its wse. In another case a lady states on the strength of statutory declaration that she suffered cruelly from the effects of the same concoction To guard the high reputation of our manufacture we feel waranted in exposing the above facts, and desire the public to exercise care and precaution when buying. SANDER & SOHS.-(Advt.) A-HIC-JOLLY TIME,-On Friday last a troupe of Penrith minstrels visited Mulgoa to take part in a concert which proved a great success. This success seemed to impress some of these amateurs that they were veritable Edward Terrys on a small scale, so, to keep up such an important event (a very important event, by-the-bye, as Mulgoa is the first place that has recognised their budding genius) they adjourned to some place and carried out the celebration in a real jolly fashion. As Saturday, morning dawned it struck some that it was about time to try and find where Penrith, was situated, so they harnessed their "neddy" and it followed the Mulgoa road of its own account. As a matter of course the three or four " jolly fellows " gave a second entertainment to the strolling cows, horses, natiye cats, 'possums, and such other audi ences as are likely to be found on the Mulgoa road hjlls. On the way home, we are informed, one of the occupants dropped over the side of the vehiole into the wheel rut, and was left by his companions in this comfortable position. Another logt a hat bos, containing a shining " bell-topper," ft glass, and a bottle of " irrigation," which - the hat box not the " irrigation "-was left at this office by the finder, it? owner turning up a day or two after wards. These three or four members now say they, enjoyed themselves - immensely, in fact thby novor had suoh a " jolly time " in their lives. ADVICE TO OBOHABDISTS.-The monthly meet ing of the council of the- Fruitgrowers' Union of New South Wales was held in the Victoria Hall, Parraraatta, on Saturday afternoon. Mr. 0. B. Cairnes said that if the union had the support which the important nature 6f the industry would lend the public to expect, the opening of a neiy. market iD Canada, within 20 days' steaming from Sydney, would have been followed by the appoint ment of a properly accredited agent to travel by the Miowera with instructions on landing at Van couver'to travel over the 3000 miles of the Great Canadian-Pacific Railway. Mr. H. Benson, tl^e, fruit export from the Department of Agriculture,' gdve an address, principally dealing with the prun ing of deciduous trees. Referring to the system of pruning to induce the upward and outward tendency Mr,.Benson said he'saw at Cootamundrn, where his system had been carried out, a six-year-old plum tree, with 3cwt. of plums on it, the tree being so developed as to be able to fully bear the fruit with out the aid of props. Mr. Tamsett asked what were the best stocks for grafting the apricot on. Mr. Benson replied that for sandy soil he would graft on the peach, for loamy soil on the apricot, for poor rocky soil on the almond, and if the soil was of a wet nature he would graft on the Myrabo lan plum stock, which succeeded best in wet lands. Mr. Tamsett said he hod peach on the peach, and the roots rotted away after 26 years, whereas ho had aprioots on the peach and the roots , were per fectly sdund after 30 years. At the conclusion of the^address the meeting repaired_ to another room, where a fruit grador was seen at 'work. THEY DON'T SPEAK Now.-Next to .the railway gates leading to Lemongrove are a few trees, the trunk of one of which is of su,ch a peculiar shape that it affords a comfortable.sent for two, and as it infrequently used by only two it has earned for itself the title of " The Lover's Seat." W ell it so happened that one night last week a local masher arranged a .tryst with a young lady at this particular place, and as he happened to be there before time he quietly Beated himself on this famous tree. But, as he was ruminating on the good qualities,of the young lady, he espied a very loving couple, coming through the railway gates, BO, in order that he might not be seen, he quietly Btepped up a few branches into the tree. Much, however, to the young gent's, horror, this very loving young couple quietly seated themselves on the Tseat just below. Hero was a predicament, how was he to get«out? If the length of their stay on the seat was to be reckoned by their loving caresses it seemed quite probable that they would remain there all night. These thoughts were not allowed to trouble him very long, however, because to his horror" he beheld his lady love quietly, , walking up the footpath to the place of the arranged meeting. The boy up- abovo was really in a fix now. What was ho to do 1 To come down . the tree would have exposed him of being guilty of eaves-dropping. All his ruminations,-, however," were put to a stop, as the young lady, who was rather quick tempered, had just reached.the tree, and, seeing the couple on the seat, surmised that her young man.had played, a trick upon her. The innocents on the seat were surprised at tho appear ance of the figure before them, and as it stood still for a moment they were just beginning to think it was a ghost, when the said ghost showed that it belonged to the earth _by smiting the male member of the loving couple" a vigorous blow with hor gingham, The young man rose from his seat and fled } his partner screamed and ran up Lemongrove, and the young lady was just viewing her work of devastation when his lordship descended from the tree. Thinking this wak a burglar she lost nil her former courage and iled after the other girl up the hill, and the young man, after looking round in dismay, wisely wended his way home. Now there are six inches of ice between the parties, 10 per cent allowed on all oaah pur chases of over 10a in value at (be TIMES Stationery Repository. 