OUR DEPTFORD LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday, July 1. This has been perhaps the most event- ful week we have seen in Deptford. We have been en fete nearly all the time. Tuesday was rehearsal, on Wednesday the performance by the Band of Hope. I was unfortunately unable to attend, but I am informred that it went off ex- ceedingly well, and was highly appre- ciated by a numerous audience. But Thursday was our great day. Archdeacon Langley, accompanied by Mr Hammond, arrived early in the afternoon, and was met at the school house, which had been prettily decorated with ferns, etc., by the members of the church committee, who presented him with an address of welcome, as under :-- To the Venerable Archdeacon Langley. brother in Christ and servant of the Most High God. Sir,-We, the committee of the Church of England, which it has pleased Almighty God to open in this part of his vast uni- verse, Deptford, for divine worship and the promotion of his glory, that souls may be saved and his name glorified, on behalf of the residents of Deptford and its vicinity, beg to offer you a hearty welcome, and thank you for the kindly interest you have taken in our spiritual welfare in thus coming amongst us. We also wish to ex- press our great satisfaction at your provid- ing us with the ministration of Mr Ham- mond, who has made himself many friends since he came amongst us; consisting, as our community does, of members of various denominations. We esteem it a great privilege to be able to unite cordially in the worship of God under his leading. And it has pleased Almighty God to send you, His honored servant, to visit the lambs of his flock, as well as the lost sheep of the house of Israel, that we the people of Deptford may be fed with the pure milk of the gospel of our blessed Lord from the heart and hands of you, His worthy servant, the Venerable Archdeacon Lang- ley. We, the church committee, for, and on behalf of the people of Deptford, appear here in your presence to give you a most hearty and loyal welcome, and we sincerely hope that we shall often have the pleasure of meeting you again, and that you may be long spared in health and strength to pro- mote the welfare of Christ's church in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, to whom be all honor and glory, for ever and ever. Amen. (Signed) JOHN BRIDESON (Chairman). EDWARD BRIDESON, W. H. HORNE, W. W. CLARKE, W. H. HARDY, E. S. WESTGARTH (Trea surer), THOS. Ray (Secretary), church com- mittee. Soon after the Venerable Archdeacon's arrival, he united in the bonds of holy matrimony Mr E. J. Northam and Miss Ray, the first couple that have heen married in Deptford. After partaking of an excellent repast at the residence of the bride's parents, a service was held, and at its conclusion the holy sacrament of the Lord's Supper was partaken of by several communicants. In the even- ing the Archdeacon held anotber ser- vice, and preached in his usual effective manner. On Friday, after visiting round the township and seeing the workings of the Deptford Proprietary Quartz Mining Company and the New Enterprise mines, Archdeacon Langley held a Bible reading in the afternoon, and a full service in the evening. There was a full attendance on all occasions. The Archdeacon left this morning for Bairnsdale. The weather, which has been very un- settled of late, fortunately proved fine during the Archdeacon's visit, but has taken another wet spell this evening. A crushing was concluded to-day of about 32 tons from the Tubal Cain reef in the Deptford Proprietary mine, and though the proportion of mullock to quartz was fully one half, the return was 46 oz of smelted gold. When fully opened out, the yield from this line should be highly satisfactory, and there will also be the Success line of reef to work from when the shaft sinking has been carried far enough. I am glad to see that tracks are being cut through the country in various directions, and hope the Mines depart- ment will be able to comply with the petition sent from here to have one made up this river for prospecting purposes. 