BLACKWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) THE Catholic concert which was held in the Blackwood Mechanics' Institute on Friday, 27th October, proved to be a most remarkable success, both artistically and financially. The hall and stage had been beautifully decorated with ferns and flowers, and the light of a powerful new Rochester lamp helped to wonderfully brighten the place. The chairman (Mr. W. Hayden) dealt briefly with the object of the entertainment, and gave expression to the pleasure he felt in seeing such a great number of people present, and was sure that they would be satisfied with the varied and excellent programme that had been arranged. The first item was a piano forte overture, "The Great Globe," by Misses Maguire and Hayden, which was rendered with their usual correctness. Song, " Queen of the Earth," Mr. A. Mac- kie, sung with characteristic excellence, though there were evident signs of nervous- ness at the start. Song, " The old Abbey ruin," Miss L. Turner, well sung, and with an avoidance of certain peculiarities of in- tonation that have been present on some previous occasions. Duet, "Very sus- picious," Miss Rees and Mr. Anderson, this item was well rendered, and took immensely, a portion of it having to be repeated as an encore. Duet, " The Lily and the Rose," Misses Sweet and Trewhella very much appreciated. The next item was, "Character Impersonations," by Mr. Dan Keily ; these were well received, and may probably incite that one of our local youths, who, for several nights in success- ion, disturbed the slumbers of one of our respected poultry owners by his lifelike imitations of squawking fowls and barking foxes, to try his powers on the public plat- form. Duet, "The beauty of the valley," Misses A. asnd E. Burgess, well received. " Sand jig," Mr. W. Egan, good stepping like Mr. Egan's always finds plenty of admirers. Recitation, " The Conthrolling Influance of Dhrink," Mr. J. 'Murphy; this gentleman is a brother to the late Mr. Jos. Murphy, of Simmons' Reef, and suc- ceeded well in bringing out the telling points. Song, "What is love," Miss Goodge, this young lady sang well. Song (...) I couldn't." Mr. Anderson; the points of this song were well brought out, and an encore could not be resisted, to which he responded by singing " No thing in it," which was equally effectively rendered. Song, "A miner's dream of home," Mr. Cunningham, well received; the singer appearing in the orthodox miner's costume of red shirt and white moleskins; and for an encore sang "A mother's love." Song, "Ring on, sweet Angelus," Mrs. J. Byres, well received. Song (comic) " Selling up the happy home" Mr. Joe Barnes; this gentleman's clever delineations of Irish character are always much appreciated. Song, "When the tide comes in," Miss Barnes; a good song well sung, and would doubtless have been en- cored but that the encoring strength of the audience--as is often the case--appears to exhaust itself in obtaining repetitions of a comic character. Mr. "Jack" Spencer, who was one of the leaders of nigger min- strelsy in Blackwood some 20 years ago, here gave some of his "Banjo comicalities," and his rendering of " Uncle Nest" as it is in the original, and the same song after it had been subjected to college refinement, was especially appreciated. The song "Come down from the window," capitally sung by Mr. Milligan, brought the first part of the progrannme to a close. Interval of five minutes, during which a peripatetic vendor of oranges, &c.;, plied his calling, this being quite an innovation for a Black wood audience. Part 2:-Song, " Sing me an English song," Miss A. Mackie; this young lady's efforts are always re- ceived with genuine enthusiasm. Song (comic) "Never, never marry, unless you've got the cash," Mr. Milligan, well received. Song, "Half-mast high," Miss Rees, this was another song which, only for making the programme unduly long, was well worthy of an encore, being well sung, and with a confidence and skill nearly approaching the professional. Song (comic) " Dr. Quack," Mr. Anderson; en- core, "I've never been the same man since." A Ventriloquial exhibition by Mr. Dan. Kiely came next in order, and was skilfully carried through, the changes of voice from that of the gruff old grumbler to that of the little school girl, &c.;, being given with telling effect. Song, "Leaving dear old Ireland," Mr. Cunningham. Song (comic), "The Tipperary Christen- ing," Mr. Joe Barnes, encored. Song, " Brighter days will come again," Miss Goodge. Song and dance, "Mary Molloy," Mr. Egan, encored. " Burlesque Lecture," Mr. J. Murphy. The concluding item was the "side-splitting" farce entitled "The 4 o'clock train," in which Messrs. J. Spencer, J. Wilkinson, and G. B. Car- ruthers took the leading parts, and al- though the curtain inadvertently fell some what prematurely while the chief character was in the first throes of his ghost fright, the programme was one of the best that has been given in the Blackwood Me- chanics' Institute for many years. The chairman, in proposing the vote of thanks to those who had so kindly and ably given their assistance, remarked upon the great debt of gratitude the committee owed to all the different denominations for the help given both on the platform and by their presence in such numbers in the audience. The singing of the National Anthem closed this portion of the pro- ceedings. The foregoing was followed by a most enjoyable ball; in fact, the ball that follows a Catholic concert has come to be looked upon as one of the social events of the year, and visitors from all the surrounding districts make a point of joining in its pleasures. On this occasion some 50 or 60 couples put in an appear- ance, and, what with quadrilles, waltzes, barn dance, &c.;, under the efficient gener- alship of Mr. M. A. Armstrong as M.C., most thoroughly enjoyed themselves till break of day. As regards the music, Mr. G. B. Carruthers presided at the piano, and, with the able assistance of Kenafick, Brown, Vincent, and other volunteer pi- anists, performed most satisfactorily. Last, but not least, I must not omit to mention the refreshments. These were provided and served by the ladies all through the evening in the most hospitable manner, and added not a little to the general sociability of the affair. In conclusion I may note that over £20 net profit has been cleared for the church improvement fund, and doubtless some of our cricket officials will have taken note that some of the talent introduced on this occasion may be of valuable service to them on the occasion of their usual holiday entertain- ments at Christmas time. Another very successful concert was given at Garlick's on Thursday, 26th ult. The chairman, Rev. R. Buchanan, opened with prayer, and explained that the con- cert was for the benefit of the Sunday School, to enable the teachers to obtain books and prizes. The programme was as follows:--Overture, piano, Misses A. Trewhella and R. Robson; comic Irish song, Mr. Anderson; song, " What will you do, love," Miss M. Bennett; song, " Some day I'll wander back again," Miss R. Robson; duet, " Larboard Watch," Miss Rees and Rev. R. Buchanan ; song, "Good news from home," Miss A. Byrne; song "Paddy Fagan," Mr. Ryan; song, " Kil- larney," Miss Rees; comic Scotch song, Mr. Anderson; Dialogue by the company, concluded the first part. Part 2. Over- ture, piano, Miss A. Trewhella; song, "Convict's return," Mr. A. Coningham; song, " Happy be thy dreams," Miss M'Cashney; song, " That was me," Mr. Anderson; song, Miss Ada Trewhella; song, "Nothing in it," Mr. Anderson; duet, "Whispering Hope," Misses M. Bennett and Bloxsome; song, "Who's that tapping &c.;," Miss R. Robson; song, "Female Auctioneer," Miss Rees; song, "I couldn't," Mr. Anderson; song, Miss A. Trewhella. The various items were all well rendered and another song by Mr. Anderson, whose comicalities apparently carried the palm in the public estimation, concluded the programnme; and votes of thanks by Mr. Miller and Mr. M'Cashney, with the National Anthem, brought a very pleasant evening to a close. In response to the notice calling for nominations for the School Board of Advice at Blackwood only four were received by the Returning Officer, namely, from Mitchell Alexander Armstrong, John Graham, Thomas Vigor, and John Cann. These gentleman have therefore been declared duly elected. Another member, however, is required, and the elected members will very likely be requested by the Education Department to nominate a suitable person to fill the vacant position. The measles epidemic appears to be spreading, and is not only seriously affect- ing the attendance at the State schools but also interferes with the Debating Society, as the meeting for Tuesday last had again to be postponed because of some of the principal members not wishing to take part in any public function whilst the complaint was in their families. The few members present, however, managed to get involved in a discussion on dairy farming and village settlement, anent which latter subject it was incidentally mentioned that the Rev. Horace Tucker, of village settlement fame, had kindly consented to give a lecture at the end of this month in the Blackwood Mechanics' Institute in aid of the All Saint's Church improvement fund (Church of England) on which there is still a small liability due for roofing, &c.; The yield from the Beneditti mine at Green Hills is showing an increase, as 1 oz. 10dwts. was got for last week's work. This, of course, is not nearly so good an average as is expected swhen the mine is properly opened up, but nevertheless it has enabled the company to pay of the cost of their new wire rope. At Garibaldi a shaft has been sunk to a depth of 50ft. and they are opening out at that level to prospect for the reef The party working in Mr. Hall's pad- dock are prospecting one of the quartz reefs there, and are now down about 30ft. with the shaft. It appears that the Benedetti alluvial lead also passes through this paddock, and the portion of it not in- cluded in Mr. Hall's mining lease is now being applied for by Mr. Mattei. Messrs. Sweet and Murphy's crushing of about 30 tons fromo their Black Hill reef yielded at the rate of 12 dwts. per ton. This, I believe, was scarcely so good as was expected from the prospects, but the digger's saying of "that and better will do" may apply in this case. Messrs. Livy Bros. have started carting the quartz from their claim near Green Hills to Terill and Williams' battery, at Simmons' Reef, for a trial crushing. The rainfall for the month of October at Blackwood amounted to 4.79 inches. Rain fell on 17 days, and the heaviest fall took place on the 13th, with 1.76in. The fial for the corresponding period last year was 4.11in., and the total for this year, to the and of October, is 38.93in. Cottony Cushion Scale on Oranges. \--Spray with kerosene emulsion, hot, 160 deg. Fahhr. 