A MURCHISON GHOST. A gentleman in Adelaide sends us the fol lowing extract from a letter written by Mr. R. C. Cox, who has been for some months on the Murchieon:— 'The overseer of an out station on toe Murcnison and I nave jutit come into camp after being out tracking horses. Three or four niggers belonging to the station were camped a mile down Coonarbie Creek. We had finished rapper and were sitting alongside the camp fire about 8 o'clock, the moon just set, calmness reigning sublime, broken only by the tinkle, tinkle of a horse or sheep bell and the chirp from a orioket, when we were startled by shrieks from the niggers, who came flying into oamp and dropped down on all four« behind us and the breakwind fireplace. On questioning tbe darkies about this outcry and rush all we could get from tbe trembling and paralysed blacks wae ' Mun dong, mundong,' the meaning of whioh ia ghost or spirit, something uncommon at any rate. They pointed to a faint light half a mile from the camp amongst the mulgas, where, sure enough, we oould see something like a firestiak, such aa the niggers generally carry when going into the bush after dark, just trailing along quite gently about a foot from the ground. All at onoe it stopped, and simultaneously there flickered all round ui similar lights, about a dozen in all, and some distance apart. I can assure you wo two felt a bit tremulous, as everything was done so noiselessly and mysteriously that it had quite a weird effect. At last my mate pulled out his revolver and fired at the nearest light, and hardly had the report died away when every light was extinguished. We tried our utmost to get the niggers to go back to their mia-miat, but they would not move from toe shelter of our camp. Next morning we inspected the site of the previous night's mysterious illu minations, and there sure enough were the remains of the fires, but not one tingle track or footprint could we or the station niggers find, and there lies the mystery. You will find tbat no bush black will travel about the bush for this very dread of the mundong. Another time a lubra came in from tbe bush with her pickaninnie and wonga, and stated that she had seen the mundong running that same day along the creek. Questions eliaited the information that this supernatural being was like an 'emu with a blackfellow'a head.' The blacks up here are - splendidly made lot, the women more so than the men. They are peaceably inclined.' The writer then goes on to describe the burial of as old native chief Shus :— ?' Me wm a patriarch »hoy called 'Governor' here. After death the blacks all stripped naked, and with their weapons danced and howled until they were forced to drop from sheer exhaustion. At midday they dug a hole and raised a mound where he died, hung all his weapons and belongings on a tree alongside; his lubraa carried the body a mile down tbe creek to a sandy patoh ; the men dug the grave with their gundas, and the women made the breaks around with twigs; the men smashed the limbs of the old man in two, and buried him all in =» heap ; they then built a fire round the grave and lett. Then they set out in search of tho imagined murderer, although thb old fellow evidently died of senile decay.' 