THE STORYTELLER. THE GHOSTS OF HOCKING HALL In the latter part of the summer of 18- I was travelling over the county of Hocking. I found myself as the shades of evening fell in one of those lonely and gruesome hollows for which the Black Jack region of Hocking County is justly famous. I thought to myself, as I sat down upon the moist and spongy end of a rotten og to rest; and gather my scattered thoughts, if I were looking for the locus of a ghost \- story I wouldn't ask for a better outfit than is here spread before me. At my feet ran the babbling brook. The solemn and lonesome wood might have been the very place depicted by the haunted imagination of the unfortunate. the lines came to my mind : In a lonesome wood, 'neath hears of leaves, I bid the murdered man. And this creek, which widens a little farther on into a black pool, where its erstwhile lively and sparkling waters and a slothful rest, why might it not be the Sluggish water, dark and deep, ?' in whose bosom the murderer sought to conceal his victims, Suddenly there were the premonitory rumblings of one of those sudden and violent electrical storms which were " exceedingly common during the summer referred to. Almost before I could bestir myself the face of the heavens was black with the elemental wrath and the tops of the giant oaks were tossing in the breeze like so many arms lifted in supplication to the storm king. I rose and walked rapidly along the thread of the stream up to the head of the hollow. I had not gone more than three hundred yards when I emerged at the edge of the woods and found myself in an open space \- in the midst of which stood a house built of logs, but weatherboarded. The surroundings of the house were somewhat peculiar. The cleared space, of which it was seemingly the exact centre, was bowed out of primeval forest in a square, whose sides were possibly ' two hundred yards. About the house, and enclosing what might have been a , garden spot, save that the vegetation seemed to have died long ago, ran a slab fence. As I passed across the enclosure to the house, I was peculiarly struck with the fact that the soil of the inclosure was dry and friable, although the ground in the immediate vicinity indicated that it had rained but recently. I also noticed with astonishment that the weeds and withered vegetation of the garden was so dry that it cracked and broke beneath my feet with the brittleness of finest glass. The fence, which I have referred to, was decayed, but not out of repair that is there is a general mouldering away, but no specific breaks or breaches to indicate that it had been the object of massage or the wear and tear of ordinary occupancy. An old fashioned well-sweep stood in front of the house, a little to the right, and beckoned me with cooling engagement. in that feast of drought. I approached and bent over the curb-the well was as dry as the rich man's eye at the funeral of his poor relation. The stones at the bottom, stained with the traces of moss \- which had dried and fallen off, looked thirsty. There were no signs of life about -no cautious rooster seeking shelter from the approaching storm, no house cat on to the settle with plaintive cry begging for admittance. Not even the friendly dog came rushing out, as was usually his Went, to bid me deep-mouthed welcome" and wipe his incisors off on my trousers. A crow, which perched at the further end of the enclosure, as I approached flew off and winged his lazy flight to the highest tree at the top of the opposite hill. With him departed all the life of the place. I don't think I was ever so oppressed with loneliness and the sense of destitution as I was in that short moment which it took me to cross that enclosure and make the^jtbservations which I have imperfectly detailed. But the storm in the meantime had gown to its fury, and the clouds were threatening instant, and I thought welcome, precipitation upon that thirsty ground. I could not delay longer my re- luctant application for admittance, for I confess that there was something about the house which made me shiver when I though of entering. The small windows, of the most antique pattern, seemed to be eyeing me with a sinister and curious meaning, as if surprised at my temerity. approached the door, which was raised ; about two feet from the ground, and was reached by three steps of rough stone. I knocked timidly at first, but there was no response save the faint echo of my knock- ing. Then, emboldened by my first efforts and by the violence of the threat storm, which seemed rolling on towards the inclosure from all portions of the sky I knocked again, this time so vigorously that the loud reverberations rolled through the empty rooms, and returned to my car In repeated echoes. My heart beat rapidly, for I was sure I heard a step within. It seemed to proceed from an upper chamber, and came slowly, -stealthily down the stairs. The door evidently led into a hall and the stairs led close to it. The steps continued to ap , preach and the action of my heart quickened until I shut my teeth tightly to hold it in. At last the feet reached the , fl for I think I would have fled from the place, but I hadn't the power. The thing, whatever it was, for I now began to believe that I was in the country of the , supernatural, and wouldn't have been surprised to have had the devil himself open the door and invite me in, paused at the landing. I tried to look careless and unconcerned, but that effort assumed the same -air of general dilapidation. Presently the presence satisfied itself, turned and walked down the hall and was lost to my ear. Everything was deathly still again and my repeated knocking only awoke the echoes, which proceeding from those hollow rooms, seemed almost to have the sentence of a human voice. 1 now determined to solve the mystery, with War the result. It would be a good pine for counterfeiters, and in the event that supposition was true I would probably be subjected to the embarrassment of having my tongue cut out. However in this p. e sent State curiosity fast overcame them- and after once more assailing the -day he was my knocking, I placed my j<sJi'ni!der against it to force it. It had braced myself for a hard tussle and I i I felt a little natural embarrassment and confusion when I found myself sprawling on the floor in the hall. I was more confused because I was sure I heard a low laugh, which I took to issue from feminine lips right in my ear. I scrambled to my feet, mentally framing a graceful apology for my rather precipitate entrance, but to my astonishment I was alone horribly alone ! I examined the door and found that at the first pressure the lock had fallen from its fastenings. Decay, the slow decay of time and idleness, was over everything. The hall was short and bare and contained nothing but the rude stairway, which, without balustrade, led to an opening in the floor above and probably a hallway of similar dimensions. On the left was a small room, bare of ornament. An old-fashioned bedstead with high red posts stood in one corner. Opposite and near the window stood a little washstand with stone bowl and Sitcher. I looked into the pitcher ; it was ry. There was no water in it, but at the bottom of the bowl I thought I discerned a red incrustation which might have been blood. 1 remembered that the stain of human blood was the last thing to fade away. It remained to testify to the horror its spilling occasioned long after the memory of the event had faded from the minds of men. I can't describe my sensations as I contemplated this simple thing. It seemed to my excited imagina- tion that I could feel the presence of something behind me bending over my shoulder. The same chilly breath was on my cheek which I felt, but have yet failed to mention, as coming through the key- whole of the door when the presence stopped at the foot of the stairs. With an effort I shook the horror off and turned for further investigation. I approached the bed. The storm which I had forgotten in my new-found interest had deepened the shadows of evening until the light which struggled through the small window became a shadow before it reached that corner of the room. . As I bent my steps in that direction the presence which I could not see, but which I was sure had been at my back ever since I entered the house, shifted its position, and now seemed to stand between me and the bed, retreating backwards as I approached. I was sure of this, because I felt its breath on my face. As I stooped over the bed I was sure I again saw traces of blood. It was on the pillows whose white cases had turned yellow with time, and in the shadow I thought I discerned it in profusion, on the counterpane. The coverings of the bed were tossed about in a way which would suggest that its last occupant had been suffering with the nightmare. As I bent further down to examine the blood spots more minutely I became conscious of icy hands about my throat. I struggled to free myself, but my efforts were ineffectual. Presently the hands loosened their grasp, and it seemed something sank back into the bed with a gurgling and sickening groan as if dying from strangulation. I fled aghast from that room and started for the hall door bent upon immediate escape from this chamber of mysteries. To my consternation the lock had been replaced and the door resisted my most strenuous efforts to open it. I rushed into the room on the right ; the window was tightly boarded up, a fact I had failed to note while outside. I was a prisoner in that house of horrors, without the physical power now to escape even if a way had been opened to me. My knees smote together and the cold sweat stood out on my forehead. The room in which I was had evidently served as a kitchen and dining room. It appeared as if it had been left hastily after a meal, but if so, it must have been years ago, for the remnants of the repast had only left stains upon the mouldering cloth. The furnish- ings of the table were crude and of a pioneer date ; the plates were of a yellow crockery and the bowls and cups of antique pattern; in the wide fire-place the old fashioned crane swung with an iron pot hanging to its arm. In my utter despair some part of my nerve returned, and I was enabled to again move about. The paralysis which fear had laid upon my limbs had fallen off, and I now determined upon further investigation. I was getting used to things, and the icy presence which still stood by my side was not entirely intolerable. I determined to go up the stairs and see what new revelations would be vouchsafed in the upper story. The night without was black, and I could hear the deep thunder peals and see flashes of lightning. In the natural course of events I thought the house should be dark ; but while the night had grown from grey to black there seemed to be no change in the condition of the light within the house. The atmosphere still had that sickly yellow hue which you sometimes see when the evening sun sinks beneath a black cloud. It was peculiar in this, too, that it seemed to pass along before me, while the space at some distance was totally obscured in the shadow. By the aid of the light, then, I found the door and began the, ascent of the stairs. As I ascended I could hear footsteps immediately behind me. They stopped when I did, and when, abOut half way up the stairs I heard again the same feet descending which had thrilled me when I stood outside the door. I could feel the presence pass me on the way and I thought I felt the touch of its hand. I looked at my hand at the point of contact, and a bright red spot glowed there. The apparition, or whatever it was passed on my left, or the outside of the stairway, and I could feel the ghostly companion at my back shudder and crowd to the wall, sensibly pushing me to one side in its eagerness to avoid the other shade. Evidently, I thought, for I was now enough composed to think, there is not entire harmony in this ghostly household. I now proceeded to the top without interruption, and shade No. 1 resumed its place at my back. At the landing, however, I perceived that my companion stopped. I took several steps to the door on the right, which led to a chamber over the kitchen. I lifted the latch and entered. To my surprise, but not con- sternation, for my nerve was completely restored, the door was sharply closed after me, and I was left in total darkness. The yellow light was gone and the mysterious presence had also departed. I groped my way to the window which opens d on the enclosure at the back of the house and tried to throw up the sash, but it resisted my efforts. During through the darkened glass, I could see that the storm had not abated any of its fury, but upon a closer look I saw that the cleared space to which I have alluded, and which I noticed as being extremely dry, seemed to be wholly escap- ing the heavy rain which was falling about as. From this window I could see the lofty wall of woods at the back and a portion on each side, and extending up from its top I could easily perceive the edge of the rainfall, like a crystal wall, exactly coincident with the line formed by the trees. This, then, was the explanation of the excessive dryness. The place was cursed. As I turned again to the room I became conscious of a change in the condition of the light. The glow was very faint at first, but gradually intensified until the objects in the room were easily discernible. The light was of much the same quality as that already referred to, only stronger, and now I perceived that it proceeded from candelabra on stable near the window with three branches each holding a wax taper. While wrapped in wonderment at this phenomenon I became aware of a warm and comfortable sensation creeping over me, and, looking round, beheld a cheerful fire in the old-fashioned open grate at my back. " This is excellent," I thought, and seating myself in a curiously carved oak chair before the fire, I began to leisurely examine the contents of the room in detail. There was a richness about everything that ill-comported with the wildness of the region and the finish of the room. Evidently these trappings of luxury had been used to better days and other climes. There was an air of Oriental profusion in the furnishings that suggestion the nativity of the owner, but there was also such a diversity in the designs and workmanship of the various articles that even an unpractised eye could readily see they had been collected from many quarters of the globe. I at once made up my mind that the mysterious owner was a seafaring man, possibly a pirate, who for some detected crime was forced to seek safety in this place, remote from the base of his marauding operations. The table whereon sat the light was littered with books, maps and nautical instruments. The room looked as if the occupant had just left it. and but for a short time. While I was musing upon these strange things the door softly opened and a man richly glad in garments of Oriental magnificence entered. He was smoking a long Turkish pipe, and the fragrance of the tobacco brought up to my imagination all the poetical charms of the Orient. I was about to speak, but saw that, although he turned his eyes to that portion of the room where I say, he did not observe me. He passed quickly across the room to the chair by the table and sank contentedly back into its cushions. He was in deep meditation, and as he held his rapt gaze on the opposite wall he took Icing draughts at his pipe and filled the room with the fragrant smoke. Presently he laid aside the pipe, took a parchment map from the table, and with his instrument was soon lost in some intricate problem. I don't know how long we sat thus, but it couldn't have been many moments until the latch again clicked and another figure entered the room. The figure in the chair didn't raise its eyes, and was evidently unconscious of the second presence. The intruder was a man dressed after the same general fashion of the first, in an inferior style, which indicates the rank of a servant. His features, wrought with passion, showed that he was a native of one of those countries which border the Mediterranean, possibly a Greek. The features of the master, whom I now turned to, as they were eagerly bent over his map showed that he had been born in a colder crime, but they had the bronze which only the tropical san can give. While I was making these observations the second figure had glided around the room and was standing at the back of the chair and partially leaning over the sitting man.The movement had evidently been unobserved by the latter. I looked into the face of the servant, and if ever murder cried out from features it certainly did from these. In a twinkling he had whipped a curved and murderous knife from his belt, and bend- ing down he placed his hand over the month of the man in the chair, bent his head back until the throat was well exposed, and then he drew the keen knife across, almost severing the head. The blood crushed out in torrents, but the murderous slave held his hand tightly over the mouth of the victim until he was sure life had parted ; then he dropped the head, which fell limply to one side, exposing the ghastly wound, and again passed out of the door. I heard his footfalls on the stairs. I had heard them before. They were the same which responded to my first knocking the same which passed me on my way to the fatal chamber. I arose and followed quickly to the landing. The man had passed down to the door and was standing in an expectant attitude, evidently awaiting the approach of someone. Presently I heard the fresh notes of a song without, and the following moment the door was opened and a young girl carrying a candle and shielding the flame from the wind with her hand, entered. She had no more than stepped across the threshold when the slave sprang upon her. There was a struggle, and the delicate girl was hustled into the room I first described. I heard a stifled shriek a gurgling groan, and then all was still: in the intensity of my agonised horror I found my voice and called aloud. Just as I shouted the storm seemed to gather all its thunder in one bolt, which it spent with a mighty and deafening crash. The earth shook the fabric of that house crumbled about me and the uncanny spirits flew shrieking to their confines. It was all a ghastly vision, naught but the baseless fabric of a dream. I had fallen asleep by the babbling brook, and in Dreamland witnessed horrors that even now seem so real as to cause me to shudder. The End.] 