Sir Richard Owen's Ghost Story. Sir Richard Owen used to relate a remarkable gbost story (says a correspondent of tbe Daily JVens). In his early days, when he held the poet of surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died in gaol, and a post-mortem as well as an inquest was necessary. After the inquest, the young surgeon saw the body put in tbe coffin and the lid screwed down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and negroes' heads were not plentiful; so he made op his mind that this one Bhonld not be lost to the cause of science. In the evening he returned to prison with his black bag containing a brick. From his official position he had no diffioulty in getting admittance to the mortuary, where the coffin lid was unscrewed and screwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro's head changed places. The ground outside the principal entrance to thegaolhad a considerable descent; and the time being winter, with enow and frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when he slipped and fell all his length— the bag went from his hand, and the head tumbled out and rolled down the paved way. He jumped up, caught the bag, and following the head, clutched it just as it finished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of tlie shop with all the speed he was capable of. Next morning when Owen was going to bis usual duties at the prison, he was called in by the woman at tbe shop where the accident had occurred on the previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, she said, a fright the night before, that caused him to look wild and dazed - like. Tbe man, it turned out, was a retired sea captain who had been in many adventures among the WeBt India Islands, where many deeds were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these bad been the killing of a negro in which he had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble on his conscience. After giving these details, the old captain told of the horrible event of the night before. He wad sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that he had been thinking of the negro, when suddenly he Eaw his' very head roll into the shop in front of the counter, and it was followed by the Devil, all in blaok, with a black bag in his hand. The Devil snatched up the head, and both disappeared through the earth like a flash of lightning. The description was perhaps not quite complimentary to the younganatomiat, but it was satisfactory BO far that it showed that his identity had not been recognised. 