ENTERTAINMENT AT THE' MECHANICS'. HALL. An invitation, dramatic and vocal entertainment was given by Messrs Benedict and Thompson at the Mechanics' on, Monday evening. Pretty flowers and green leaves decorated the building nicely and everything indicated plea santness. Amongst other guests present were Lady Clarke and party. Mis. Harding kindly consented to play the oveirture, and lent invaluable assistance to the vocalists by playing piano ac coinpaniments to their songs during the" evening. She proved herself a perfect manipulator of the instrument. Mr Bray sang in a splendid clear voiice . The stari-of Bethelem," '.and re ceived an encore., ".We are fairies," a duet, was sung by the Missesk aiaes,.i welL " Their voices' showed ^areful training. In response to, an encore they repeated the last verse. The next was a quarrel scene from : Julius Caesar, Mr Thompson takingthe part of Brutus and Mr Benedict Cassius. The piece was. credibly enacted. 'Miss Violet Broniley was appreciated for her song. ~ Down upon the Swanee river,' and: on being re-called amused her hearers with "One. more kiss before I go." " McCormack," . a -comic song, ' went,' pa?rticularly with the back .rows, and Mr St Clair, after receiving an encore, sang the .last verse over again. Mr Thompson: excelled himself in the populr - recitationi, " Eugene Aram." He received the plaudits of the audience. "Old Madrid" was sung by Miss Thompson. She .was encored. Fol lowing this came the closet scene' fromi Shakespeare's Hamlet. Miss Dwyer, who ias neatly attired, took the part of the Queen, Mr - Benedict Hamlet, and: Mr Thompson Polonius and Ghost.. The- scene was. successfully given, 'Miss Dwyer doing very well for an amateur. Miss Haines sang sweetly " The auld coutry," and the Audience showed their appreciation by aclnm ation_ She was encored. 'T. Th e.' Spanish champion" was recited by 'Miss Dwver. Mr Bray gave " The Deiati of Nelson," and was encored. M:ss-Violet Bromley appeared again and contributed '"The little.Irish Queen" with dan e. As ait encore she delighted her :listeners withl " I'm a flirt." Miss Thompson sang well "Never no more." Mr St Clair gave " The old oak':trce," and as an encore, '" The broker man." The audience called him back again, when amid much laughter he gave a rendition of " The man." The ridiculousness of the composition added to the merriment. Miss Haines with a sweet pathetic alto voice, sang 'Ora Pro Nobis." with a refrain fron the vocalists at the readr-,, the stage .. The abssemblage was pleased aind she repeated :the last verse. Miss Haines waiS ap'plaiided: I Met:s .Thompson and Benedict gave. a murder s,,ene from Kin' :Richard I[ (Shakes p.,are), thet former representing H=nry VI. and the lI ter Gloster. The pie.:e throughout never allowed the audience .to fla,g. Mr- Benedict."ae the',, i cr?: - eluiding itemn of a well ari'a:uagd :pr - gramme by reciting ' The deserter," in •a masterly minen. . The Rev W. .. Ford, in .a few well ch.sen words, thanked Messrs Benedict andl Tl?omusoi for; the viarield, amusing. atellctual, and veiry -ent rtaining pro .iramnne that had been set before them that eveniing, also' remarking that their midesty exceed-:d their 'ability. He ac corded a specidl vote.of thalnks to the accompanist ('Miss .Harding) who had expressed hei w-lligness to assist at a moment's notice. , collection would now he taken up for theBishop of Melbourne's Funld, not for the benefit of the Bishop, but to help poor parsons in. the small country districts, and in neat phrases asked the corimpany to patronise well the collection., A siim..amount':i to nearly £7 :'was' then collected by Messrs Bene dict arid Thompson, after which the audience sang "' God Save the Queen, " and dispersed..i ' 