OUR NOVEL. I [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED ALL ALONG THE RIVER, BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " The Venetians ; or, All in Honour," " Aurora Floyd," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead \- Men's Shoes," " Just as I Am," " Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Welt," c, c. (Copyrighted, by Tillotson a Son.) CHAPTER I. ** THE RAIN SET EARLY IN TO-NIGHT." It had been raining all the morning, and it was raining still, in that feeble and desultory manner which presages a change of some kind, when the postman came with the long expected Indian letter. He was later than usual. It was nearly two o'clock, and Isola had been watching for him since one, watching with an unread book in her lap, and her untasted luncheon upon the table. She had been sitting by the open window, looking out at the wet landscape, the glistening hedgerow and dull grey river, with the great green hill beyond, a steep slope of meadow land, dotted with red cattle, and so divided by hedgerows as to look like a Titanic chess-board. At last she heard the familiar tread of the postman's heavy boots, and saw his shining oilskin hat moving above the hedge of the hollies, and heard the click of the iron lately as he came into the little garden. She called to him from the window, and he came tramping across the sodden grass and put her letters into her outstretched / hand. One from her married sister in Cadogan, place. That would keep. One from an old schoolfellow. That would keep. And one-the long-looked-for Indian letter, which she tore open eagerly, and read hurriedly, devouring the close lines, in the neat black penmanship, with its decided up and down strokes, and legible characters, so firm, so strong, so straightforward, like the nature of the man who wrote the letter. The tears sprang to her eyes as she : came to the end, and her hand crushed the thin paper in a paroxysm of vexation or despair. " Six months perhaps a year before he can come back, and I am to go on living here alone, unless I like to send for a girl whose face I never saw, to keep me company, and cheer me with her good spirits. I want no strange girls. I want no one's good spirits. I hate people with good spirits. I want him, and nobody but him. It is hard that we should be parted like this. I ought to have gone with Iii ra, in spite of all the doctors in Christen- dom." She relented towards the letter which her feverish hand had used so badly. She smoothed out the flimsy paper carefully with that pretty little hand, and then she re-read the husband's letter, so full of. grave tenderness and fond, consoling '?' words. He was with his regiment in Burmah, and the present aspect of things gave him no hope of being able to return to England for the next half year, and there was no certainty that the half year might not be stretched into a whole year. The separation could not be more irksome to his dearest Isola than it was to him, her husband of little more than a year ; but not for worlds would he have exposed her to the risks of that climate. He took comfort in thinking of her in the snug little Cornish nest, with his good Tabitha. :. Isola kissed the letter before she put it in her pocket, and then she looked round the room rather dolefully, as if the Cornish nest were not altogether paradise. And yet it was a pretty little room enough, half dining- room, half study, with well bound books on carved oak shelves, and photographs and bright draperies, and cosily-cushioned bamboo chairs, and a bird cage and a Persian cat, and the garden outside was not flowerless, even on the . threshold of winter. The purple blossoms of the veronica were untouched by frost; there were pale tea roses gleaming youdor against the dark gloss of holly and laurel. There were star-shaped single dahlias of vividest red, like spots of flame; and close under the window, last splendour of departed summer, the waxen chance of a lilium auratum trembled on its tall stem, and filled the room with perfume. The rain was over-the monotonous drip, drip, which had irritated Isola's nerves all that morning, had ceased at- last. She left the modest little lunch untouched the table, and went out into the hall, where her hat and jacket hung handy for any impromptu ramble. No need to look at oneself in the glass before going out of doors, at twenty years of age, and in such a place as Trelasco. Isola took her stick from the stand, a green orange : stick, bought in the sunny South, on her way to Venice with her husband last year, a leisurely trip, which had been to them as a second honeymoon after a few happy months of wedlock. Then had come the sadness of parting, and a swift and lonely return journey for the young wife a lonely return to the Angler's Nest; Trelasco, that cosy cottage between Lostwithiel and Fowey, which Major . Disney had bought and furnished before his marriage. He was a son of the soil, and he had chosen to pitch his tent in that remote spot for the sake of old associations, and from a fixed belief that there was no locality of equal merit for health, beauty, and all other virtues which a man should seek in his home. Isola rarely touched that stick without remembering the day it was bought-a rainy day in Milan-just such a day as this, a low, grey sky, and an oppressive . mildness of atmosphere. She remembered with the sick pain that goes with long partings how she and her husband had dawdled away an afternoon in the Victor Emmanuel Gallery, buying handkerchiefs and neck ties, a book or two, a collection of photographs, and finally the orange : stick. '?.'-"??- She went out to walk down her depression before tea-time, if possible. She went along a narrow path to the river, then turned into a road that skirted those [The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the WEST AUSTRALIAN. green pastures which rose sheer till the ragged edge of the topmost boundary seemed to touch the dim grey sky. She passed the village inn, deadly quiet at this season and at this hour. She passed the half-dozen decent cottages, and the three or fonrgenteeler houses, each in its neatly kept garden, and she walked with quick, light step along the wet road, her useful tailor gown well clear of the mud, her stick striking the hedgerow now and then, as she swung it to and fro in dreamy thought. A long, lonely winter to look forward to winter like the last-with her books and drawing-board, and her cottage piano, the cat and the fox terriers, and Tabitha for her daily companions. There were a few neighbours within a radius of half-a-dozen miles, who had been very civil to her who called upon her say once in six weeks; who sometimes invited her to a stately dinner party, and sometimes at a suspiciously short notice, which made her feel she was wanted to fill a gap; who made her free of their tennis lawns and who talked to her on Sundays after church, and were always very particular in inquiring for any news from India. There was not one among them for whom she cared ; not one to whom she would have liked to poor out her thoughts about Keats of Shelley, or to whom she would have confided her opinion of Byron. She liked Bulwer's Audley Egerton better than any of those flesh and blood neighbours. She was happier sitting by her chimney corner with a novel than in the best society available within a drive of Tresco. She struck off the high road into a lane, a lane that led to the base of a wilder bill than that where the red cattle were graz- ing. The crest of the hill was common land, and dark fir trees made a waving line against the autumn sky, and the view from the summit was wide and varied, with a glimpse of the great brown cliffs and the dark grey sea far off to the west, to that dim distance where the Dodman shut off the watery way to the new world. On the landward slope of that wild-looking ridge was the Mount, Lord Lost withiel's place, uninhabited for the greater part of the year except by servants, his Lordship being the very last kind of man to bury himself alive in a remote Cornish fastness, a long day's journey from the London theatres, and the Thames Yacht Club. Who was Lord Lostwithiel ? Well, in the estimation of Trelasco he was the only nobleman in England, or say that he was to all other peers as the sun to the other planets. He belonged to Trelasco by reason of his large landed estate and the accident of his birth, which had taken place at the Mount, and although his character and way of life were not altogether satisfactory to the village mind, Trelasco made the best of him. Isola Disney climbed the hill, an easy matter to light-footed twenty. She stood amidst the tall fir columns, and looked down at the November landscape very distinctly defined in the soft grey atmosphere. She could see the plough moving slowly across the red earth in the fields below, the clumsy farm horses, white against the deep, rich red. She could see the winding river, blueish grey, between its willowy banks, and far off towards Fowey wooded hills, where the foliage showed orange and tawny and russet and dun colour between the blue-grey water, and the pale grey sky. She loved this wild, lonely hill, and felt her spirits rise in this lighter atmosphere as she stood resting against the scaly trunk of the fire, with the wind blowing her hair. It was a relief to escape from the silence of those empty rooms, where she had only the sleepy Persian or the hyper intelligent fox terrier for company. There was a longer and more picturesque way home than that by which she had come. She could descend the other side of the hill, skirt the gardens of the Mount by a path that led through the Park, and which was free to foot passengers. It was one of her favourite walks, and she was so accustomed to seeing the shutters closed at the great house that she never expected to meet any- one more alarming than a farm servant or a cottager's child on the footpath. There was a thick chesnut copse upon one side, and the wide expanse of undulating turf, with an occasional clump of choice timber, upon the other. The house stood on higher ground than the park, and was hemmed in and hidden by shrubberies that had overgrown the intention of the landscape gardener who planned them. Only the old grey stone gables, with their heavy slabs of slate, and the tall clustered chimneys, showed above the copper beeches, and deodarus, the 1 navels, and junipers, and Irish years, and the shining masses of arbutus with their crimson berries gleaming amongst the green. Isola had never seen the Manor House nearer than she saw it to-day, from the path which was a public right of way through the park. She knew that the greater part of the building dated from the reign of Charles the Second, but that there were older bits, and that about the whole, and about these ancient rooms and passages most especially there were numerous legends and traditions and historical associations, not without the suspicion of ghosts. The Mount was not a show place like the home of the Treffry's at Fowey, and of late years it had been very seldom inhabited, except by certain human fossils who had served the house of Halbert for two generations. She had often looked longingly at those quaint old gables, those clustered stone chimneys, likening the house amongst its over- grown shrubberies to the Sleeping Beauty's Castle, and had wished that she were on friendly terms with one of those drowsy old retainers. " I dare say if I were daring enough to open one of the doors and go in I should find them all asleep," she thought, "and I might explore the house from cellar to garret without awakening anybody." She was too depressed and disappointed to-day to give more than a careless, unseeing glance at those many gables as she walked along the muddy path beside the dripping cope. The chestnut boughs were nearly bare, but here and there a cluster of bright yellow leaves were still hanging, shining like pale gold in the last watery gleams of the sun and though the leaves were lying sodden and brown among the rank wet grass, there were emerald mosses and cool green ferns, and red and orange fungi to give colour to the foreground, and to the little vistas that opened here and there amidst the tangle of underwood. Those final yellow gleams were of leading low down in the western sky as Isola turned her face towards the river and the Angler's Nest, and just above that pale radiance of a watery sunset there stretched a dense black cloud, like a monstrous iron bar, which she felt must mean a mischief. She looked at that black line apprehensively. She was three miles from home, without waterproof, cloak or umbrella, and with no available shelter within three-quarters of a mile. She quickened her pace, watching the fading light and lowering cloud, expect- ing thunder, lightning, hail, she knew not what. A sudden deluge resolved all her doubts. Torrential rain ! That was the meaning of the inky bar above the setting sun. She looked round her helplessly. Should she dart into the copse, and try to shelter herself amidst those leafless twigs, these slender with es and saplings? Better to face the storm and plod valiantly on. Her neat little cloth gown would not be much the worse for a ducking, her neat little feet were accustomed to rapid walk- ing. Should she run P No ; useless when there were three miles to be got over. A brisk, steady tramp would be better. But brave as she was that fierce rain was far from pleasant. It cut into her eyes and blinded her. She had to grope her way along the path with her stick. " Pray let me take you to the house," said a voice close beside her a man's voice low and deep, and with the accents of refinement. Could one of Lord Lostwithiol's fossilised servants talk like that impossible. She looked up, as well as she could under that blinding downpour, and saw a tall man standing beside the pathway with his back to the copse. Like Rosalind, he was more than common tall, and of slim, active figure. He was pale, and wore a short dark beard, and the eyes which looked at Isola out of the pale thin face were very dark. That was about as much as she could see of the stranger in the November dusk. " Pray, let me persuade you to come to the house," he said, urgently. " You are being drenched. It is absolutely dreadful to see anybody out in such rain, and there is no other shelter within reach. Let me take you there. My housekeeper will dry your hat and jacket for you. I ought to introduce myself, perhaps I am Lord Lostwithiel." She had guessed as much. Who else would speak with authority in that place P She dimly recalled a photograph, pale and faded, of a tall man in a yeomanry uniform, seen is somebody's album and the face of the photograph had been the same elongated oval face-with long thin nose, and dark eyes a shade too near together, which was looking down at her anxiously now. She felt it would be churlish to refuse shelter so earnestly offered. " You are very kind," she faltered. I am sorry to be so troublesome. I ought not to have come so far in such doubtful weather." She went with him meekly, walking her fastest under the pelting rain, which was at her back now as they made for the house. " Have you really come far ?" he asked. " From Trelasco. I live at the Angler's Nest, a cottage by the river. You know it, perhaps ?" " Yes. I know every house at Trelasco. Then you are staying with Mrs. Disney, I presume ?" " I am Mrs. Disney." "You?" with intense surprise. "I beg your pardon. You are so young. I imagined Mrs. Disney an older person." He glanced at the girlish figure, the pale, delicate face, and told himself that his new acquaintance could scarcely be more than nineteen or twenty. He had met Major Disney, a man who looked about forty-a lucky fellow to have caught such a pretty bird as this. They had reached the shrubbery by this time, and were hurrying along a winding walk where the rain reached them with less violence. The narrow walk brought them into a broad gravel path in front of the house. Lostwithiel opened a half glass door, and led Mrs. Disney into the library, a long, low room, full of curious nooks and corners, formed by two deep chimney pieces, and by the projecting wings of the heavy oak bookcases. Isola had never seen any room so filled with books, nor had she ever seen a room with two such chimney pieces of statuary marble yel- lowed with age, elaborately carved with cherubic heads and Cupids, and torches, and festal wreaths, bows and arrows, tyres and urns. A wood fire was burning upon one hearth, and it was higher Lostwithiel brought his guest, wheeling a large arm- chair in front of the blaze. " If you take off your hat and jacket, and sit down there, I'll get my housekeeper to attend to you," he said, with his hand upon the bell. " You are more than kind. I must hurry home directly the rain abated a little, I have a good old servant who is sure to be anxious about me," said Isola, devouring the room with greedy eyes anxious to take in every detail of this enchanted castle. [To be continued on Saturday."] 