! Death anil After. j Ix Lutifrr for. November 13th Mrs. Besant rou thine* her rema rfc« hie papers upon " Death and After." She devotes herself to explaining what happens to the soul after deatli, according to the theosophists. She holds that personality, after quitting its earthly tabernacle, passes into what is called Kama Loka, a region which, she says is peopled by intelligent and semi-intelligent enti ties, among whom are disembodied human beings. Thc man's physical body having now disappeared, mau is closed in thc body of Kania, which she defines as very cteheral astral matter. It may bo termed fuddle, and is tho last of bis terrestrial garments : Up tn this point thc ¡HIKI-IIIIII ICIII experience of all is much the same i it is a "druniiiy pencefnl semi-consciinisiiess " as before said, and this, in the happiest cases, passes with- out vivid awakening into tile deeper pre dcvachnnic unconsciousness'' which ends with the blissful wakening in Devachan, for thu period of repose that intervenes between two incarnations. The mind, woven with the passions, emotions and desires, has purified them, and has assimilated their pure uart, absorbed it into itself, so that all that is left of Kanni is a more residue, easily tobe trotten rid of, from which thu Immortal Triad, can readily free itself. Slowly this immortal Triad, the true Man. draws in all. his forces ; he draws into himself the memor- ies of tile earth- life just ended,, it loves, its hopes, its aspirations, and prepares to pass out of Kíiina Loka into the blissful rest of Devachan, " the land of tile Gods." intense desire may move tho disembodied ent ity to spont aneously return to the sorrow- ing ones left, behind, but thu spontaneous re- turn is rare in tho case of persons of thu type wu are just now considering. If they uro left at peace they will generally sleep them- selves quietly into De'vaclian, and so avoid any struggle or suffering in connection with, the second death. Offthe final escape Of the Immortal Triad there ls left behind in Kinna Loka only thu Kuma Hfipn. the "shell" or mere empty phantom which immediately disintegrates. ( Thu paper is hniiiodinely preceded by an extraordinary story by Mr. Franz Hartmann, who vouches for the truthfulness of the tale.; lt describes how a friend of Dr. Hartmann in his student days was summoned to the death-bed of bis sister. He did not know that she was dead, but was surprised on ar- riving nt the hi Mise to find her dressed ns for a ball. She insisted- upnn his dancing with her round the.hall until lie became so giddy that he begged her to stop. Then she", van- ished, and tho watcher by the bier brought him to his sister's cfirij.se. . , In IJtitckiroorl.'H Muj/tiz)nv there is a ghost story entitled "Thu liestloss Dead." It is u clever and powerful hut wholly an imaginary story of how a New South Wales millionaire who lind murdered three of his comrades in a mysterious cave behind a waterfall, was doomed to rise and wring his hands in agony until some ono came to bury him side by sido with bis victims. ' Aoiilcui.TunAi, UNION.-Lord Winchelsea is hurd ut work endeavoring to establish ¡a England a National Agricultural Union, thu leading object of which is to get ind of tho middleman hy the co-operation of all con- nected with land, whether as owners, occupiers,^ or laborers. Among' the work which the union is to t.iikoiu hand is to obtain th« remission of local burdens now pressing on land, to tighten tho grip of thu Cattle Diseases Acts, to obtain a bill making lt com- pulsory to hillel foreign and colonial ineut, and til bring the producer' und consumer into direct comniuiilcutioii. ''Practical men say thu fe the thing will not work, rind us Lord 'Winchelsea bas been careful to keep it clenrof all political flavor, it will probably die of numil inn. Tun HAWAIIAN Uiívor/r.-From tho copi- ous accounts that hilve roached us of the revo- lutionary movement in Honolulu, it does not appear that tho nativo Hawaiians were con- sulted in tho matter nt all, while tiley have certainly been no parly to the sending of'a ' deputation to America with a request to the I Washington Governiiient.to annex tho'king- dom (says the Uni ly (Vironirlv. "January ¡10). Their American musters, although they are in a minority of about one to twenty, no doubt thought that tho revolution would run smoother if they ci md neted it without nu y as- sistance from tho brown- skinned Hawaiians. Tho defeat or the Ministry (American) In the Legislative Chamber'Brit set the ball rolling, an expressed intention on the part, of tho Queen t o promulgate a now constituí ion anti-Aiiioriciin) sent it still further, and aunt unreasonable display of temper on the part of Queen Liliuokalani 'decided thu "American party to resist,the revolutionary encroach- ments of thu'Queen." it ail seems to have hoon conducted on the most approved comic opera linos, although tho result is1 serious enough for the dethroned Sovereign. ANCIKNT Al.ritAiiET.-~The ancient Libyan iilnliiibet. used hy .the Berber tribes of North Africa long prior to the foundation of Car- thago, is still extant among the wild Touar- egs of the Sahara. lt. is il i lieront from both i the Iberio alphabet, of Spain and the Phirni ciaii .charactersi niitl is composed of conso- nants called fillnar, formed of the lines of a rectangle more'or loss complete, and vowel points called t iildi'lmkin, which aro simply dots. Some of these letters aro found in t he oldest Etruscan inscriptions mid the "inscrip- tion of Lemnos." Sepulchral inscriptions nf those lei tors, dating several centuries before Christ, have been discovered : and also rock inscriptions of mure archaic stylo in tho range of the Southern. Athis. The occurrence of tho letters in. Etruscan inscriptions is ano- ther proof ol' ibo Libyan origin of that nivsterious people. A COMIC HIÍICKI.AYKH.-There are brick- layers who should have been comedians, and ( oineiiiiins who might lie bricklayers-us fur as n supply ol' material is concerned-did tho audience always know what to ox peet hef ore hand. On a big joli up country lately a comic bricklayer was a source of such amusement to his niâtes that they were always sitting down to laugh at bim. and tho contractor, ilndingprngressslow, sacked him, whereupon the rest of the hands struck, declaring that life on the scaffold was tint, worth living with- out low comedy. The work was urgent and bricklayers scarce in the district, so" tho con- tractor agreed totalen the funny mun back again, provided-they allowed him to have his little juke too. The point was conceded,mid the contractor's joke was to kee]) this come- dian in the oHlce rending the papers. " I can i-tVord to pay you todo nothing," heexplaiiieil. " li'r.t I can't afford to nay tho rest to; laugh nt you while you'"' doing 't." A A GROOM'S THICK.-A writer to un Ameri- can paper says :-'. While in tho colonies hist summer I learned a groom's trick'about milk- ing a milch mare adopt an orphaned colt. A groom in tho employ of Mtv Fisher, of Bran- don, in Now South Wales, came in one day and told tho muster that one of his favourite maros was dead. She had a filly foal just two weeks old. and I suggested that lie get a common mare and knock her foal in tho head, so that she could act ns a wet-nurse to the foul of tho dead daughter of Yattendon." 'Niver, moimi, sor,' said tho quick-witted Irish . ¿room. '1 know a Ulrick that, bates that intoiroly.' And sure enough he did. He asked Mr. Fisher for a glass of brandy, and rilling his mouth with it, ho sprayed it (after the manner of a Chinóse laundry mun) over the shoulders and withers of tho little orphan. He then told Mr. Fisher to take n little brandy and rub t he. maw's nose with it. This was done, and in less than ton minutes the orphan was taking his nourishment from his step-mother. The trick was such a clever one that on my return here from Australia, I told Colonel Thornton about it : and on the death of Kate Dudley he put it into practice at once. The brandy was brought out. and now the visitors can see a big brown mure nursing two foals, ono on each side, and ap iegitiiiinto offspring." Here is another story of tho la te .Tay Gould. The late Bill Travers, known as " the stam- mering wit of Wiill-stivet," was showing un English visitor the sights of New ork. Passing down Wall street, he suddenly stopped his companion, and, pointing to a man standing on tho Custom House steps, exclaimed, '. Do you seo that little man over there : tho one wi-with the bl- hl-bliick beard ? Take a go-good look ; that's tho gr-gr-great'st cu-eu- etirloslty in America-Jay Go-Gould, with his bauds in his ow-own pocket !" to which is her own 