t gtorg-^dler* THE GHOST IN TUE CHAIR. [By L. Galuhaitu. Author of the " Case of Lady Lukestan, and other Short Stories," " The Spin o£ the Coin," Ac. This story requires explanation. The explanation will never be given, because no one of the theories of cerebral pressure, spectral illusion, or hypnotio influence, by which people try to explain away the inexplicable, can get rid of the einele fact that, shortly after 3 o'clock on a certain Friday afternoon, 150 eane ar.d sober men saw, or thought they saw. Curtis Yotke take the chair at a general meeting of the San Sacrada Mining Company, Limited, at which time, according to subsequent medical evidance, he must have been dpad for several hours. For Bome time his friends had known that "Yorke was going a little bit too fast. While hardly more than a boy, one brilliant hit had gained him a reputation in the city far beyond his years, and at an age when most men are expending their superfluous energy on the tennis-court or river he was finding brains for the working out of several big undertakings. Six years of unbroken suocess taught him to believe his luck infallible. When that changed, a8 sooner or later it was bound to do, he began to lose confidence in himself. Like many men who keep a level head in prosperity, be could not play a losing game, and for months past anxiety and overwork had been telling steadily on his'neives. Moreover, he war superstitious, and though he made no profession of religion he retained an odd belief m the Puritanical doemaa of hell fire and a personal devil. This in some measure accounts for what he said to FieIden four days beiore his tragic end. The directorate of the San Sacraia Mining Company had been holding an extraordinary meeting. A crisis was impending, and things looked black for the Company, which was no " bubble speculation, but a sound and solid concern, suffering from the eifectB of a persistent run of bad luck. Now luck has more to do with the making or marring of mines and men than tne moralists would have u? believe, and the luck of the San Sacrada Mining Company had all along been execrable. Unexpected hitches had occurred in securing the title to the property. The contractors had •een fit to export the machinery reversely to the order in which it was required. Delays had been" caused by scarcity of water, and when at last the returns promised to justify the small fortune sunk" in the shaft the Yankee Manager, whose appointment had been backed by flaming testimonials, demonstrated his native 'cuteness by " skipping out" with $25,000 of the Company's money. His place was filled by an Englishman in •every way qualified for the post; but before the good effects of this change of administration could become apparent the mine was flooded, and all operations for the time being perforce suspended. Nor was this all. Unpleasant rumours began to circulate as to the stability of the concern. It was said that money had "been borrowed at a ruinous rate of interest; that the Company was insolvent : that the very plant had already been seized by their creditors. One of the financial journals got hold of the etory, and treated it after its own inimitable fashion. The Company brought an action against the paper, and won their case, thereby incurring heavy law expenses and advertising the scandal, for tbo publio to a man read the offending article, while only a very email section took the trouble to acquaint themselves with tbe proofs of ite inaccuracy. 3 The shareholders grew restive, and it became known that the forthcoming general meeting was likely to be stormy. It was th«n that tbe Board held their extraordinary Council. T here was much discussion, and many fntile suggestions, but no resolution was passed, because, if the situation were to be saved, it would be tbe work of one man, aud he hadn't had time to think out a plan of action. This was the Chairman, Cnrtis Yorke, who, having -nothing to say, bad said it exceedingly well, and was now aimlessly scribbling on the back of some papers lying before him on the table. The Boardroom was almost deserted. Four of the five Directors had gone home ; the fifth remained at tbe special request of the Chairman, who had then relapsed into silence and hieroglyph". A casual observer might have judged his occupation mere idling, and interrupted him without hesitation. Fielden knew better. He not unfrequently annoyed hiB own clients during important interviews by adorning his blotting-pad with minutely detailed presentments of cutters and yawls, and he understood that miscellaneous sketching may ibe on occasion the outcome of deep thought. Therefore he waited, leisurely drawingon his gloves, until at the end of twenty minntes Yorke, without lifting his head frjm the paper, began to speak. He said in a low, even voice that the Company was going to tbe devil; that them was only one man who might be induced to see them throngh, and he was on the Continent, •nd his exact address uncertain. _ That tbe most important thing now was to gain time, and for that purpose they must find a smart junior, a man who could talk and wasn't too well known; give him five shares and a cheque for fifty guineas, and put him on at the general meeting to impress the shareholders with the neoessity of keeping quiet. He went on to say that the San^acrada Mine was the third venture that had gone wropg within six months, and that be, Yorke, regarded it as an omen. That if it came to jprief he should never do another stroke of business; that he would be down and done for. But that it should not come to grief, because he intended to pull it through at the price of his own soul. That he was prepared to sell his soul for that end, and be believed the sale would shortly be concluded. At that moment the fire crackled, and Yorke jumped as if he had been shot. Then he laughed rather awkwardly, and explained that be bad not slept for a fortnight, and his nerves were all to pieces. "I believe." he said apologetically, "that I've been talking rot. To tell the truth I don't know all the time what I'm saying. It's this beaetly insomnia. But you understand what I want for Friday. I made that clear. We must have some one to tackle this Simpson brute, or hell carry the whole meeting with him. Nothing the Board can say will weigh with the shareholders ; but a split among themselve3 may gain time, and time is money tons just now. Fielden thought he knew a man who would do, and be asked who Simpson was. "A dirty little outside broker. The miserable beast basn't more than a hundred share? in all; but he's quite capable of upsetting our curt as things are at present." " It is always the small holders who give the . most trouble," said Fielden, preparing to go. I "I'll see my man to-night, and send you a jI wire in the morning. If I were you, Yorke, i'd look in at my doctor's on the way home, nd get him to give me some bromide or something. You re running under too big a strain. It isn : t nice to hear a sensible man talking nonsense, about his soul. If you came out with that sort of thing at a meeting the { reporters would say you were drunk. Besides, there's no demand for the article nowadays. ; They are altogether too cheap. Good night." 1 Yorke went with him to the door. It was raining bard, and tbe evening air felt raw and chilly. He shivered as he returned to the empty Boardroom. Hie head Mt heaw, and there were two pink spots on the green eloth which worried him. He sat down again at the table and began to play with his pen, writing odd words on the i blank sheet of paper. He certainly had been a fool to let himself go in that way before Fielden. He must have been a bit off his head. And yet it was true. He would sell his soul if that would ensure his coming safely through this business. His soul! Fielden bad said souls were cheap. If city men bad souls, what mean, shabby things some of them would be. Yorke tried to imagine what one would look like and laughed. His laugh was not good to hear. , yet it was a big price to offer, for it was the last possession of the human being—the only thing be has to carry out of this world into the blank beyond. And it could buna. He remembered a picture he had seen as a child m an old Bib'e of souls burning in hell. Souls with human faces horribly distorted by pain. 1 es, that was the end of lost souls—hot fire. The rain swirled against the long windows and Yorke's teeth chattered. U e was cold now, and the Company was going to smash He had paid all along if this venture went down he should go with it. It had come to mean everything or nothing to him, and to know for certain that he was going to pull it through be ivoutd sell his soul. He began writing again, the words forming themselves automatically beneath bis fiogers— "I the undersigned hereby covenant and agree to guarantee the loan of such moneys as shall cover the working expenses of the San Sacrada Gold Mine for the spaceof «ixcalendar months, and further to ensure the complete •uocees of the Company, in consideration of the surrender of the so:il of Curtis Yorke, Chairman, at such time and for such purpose as I may hereafter determine. (Signed) x (bis mark)." It was the mereit vagary of a disordered brain, but Yorke's heart gave a great bound as he rend and reread the words. _ Thin hi? jaw fell, and his face grew set and rigid with U-rrcr, the terror that wipes out all manly strenpth and courage, and leaves room for nothing but an abject shaking cowardice. The perspiration stood out in great drops on cn his forel.ead, and his eyes were bolting out of bis head e b I e gazed at the paper before him. On the blank space left Jor the signature five letters had romc out in characters that shimmered andffloiccd at if they ucrc traced inflame, I i j 1 j j | j . | J t ' Every drop of blood in Yorke's body went to his heart. For one awful moment he remained paralysed and immovable. The next, with a desperate effort, he had seized the Eheet of foolscap, and, staggering across the room, flung it into tbe Are. The thick paper shrivelled, curled, and broke into a blaze. Yorke snatched up the poker and stirred the ooals to a fiercer heat, crushing the charred fragments into the glowing embers. Then the poker fell from his hand with a crash, and he sank into the nearest chair, shaking and sweating like a scared pony. The clock on the mantelpiece struck G, and the sound recalled him to a sense of mundane .hinge. He stood up and passed hiB hand across his damp forehead. " Good God!" he muttered, " my head must be going. It wasn't real. It couldn't be real. Fielden's right. I'm running under too big a strain. I'll see Jones at once, and get something to pull me together." He put on his overcoat and went downstairs. A clerk was coming up the passage with a telegram in his hand. Yorke stopped under the gasburner to open the yellow envelope, and his face turned a shade paler as he read the contents. It was the message for which he had been waiting all day. The address of the one man who could save the Company. This happened on Monday. By Wednesday afternoon Yorke had reached Paris, seen Van Hooten, and brought their conference to a successful issue. His conduct of the transaction was throughout masterly, and aroused the great financier to an almost paternal expression of admiration. You are von ver' clever young man," he said to Yorke at the close of the interview, j " I haf watched you tor three, four, five years, | and I say to myself, 'He does go far, zat boy ; but he will arrive.' What! you made von eetle mistake last spring about those 'Guatemalas.' Zat is nothing. I myself haf also made mistakes. You are young; you buy your experience. So ! But in ze end you will succeed, for you haf a head. Mein Gott! What a head for a man so young. You see, I haf belief in you. I lend you my influence. I trufct you with my monoy, because I look for you one day to do great things. There is no fear. You will succeed." " I shall succtcd this time," said Yorke. He took leave of this big man gratefully, for Van Hooten had been a good friend to him. When be got back to his hotel he locked himself into his room and drew a paper out of his pocket-book. It was an exact duplicate of the weird bond he bad burned in the Hoardroom on the Monday evening. Impelled by an insane desire to see if tho horrible delusion would repeat ituelf, be had three times rewritten the document, watching with a painful admixture of interest and dismay the ghastly signature come out on tho white paper. Then, in an access of terror, he woula destroy the evidence of his unholy compact, only to reproduce it on the first occasion he found himself alone. Meanwhile, the treatment prescribed by hiB doctor exercised a slightly beneficial effect. He did not sleep, but bis brain, on the tingle point in which bo was vitally interested, became phenomonally clear, and his powers of endurance appeared to be practically unlimited. In the three days intervening between the Board and general meetings Yorke did the work of ten men. On the Thursday night he devoted himself to the preparation of his speech. He told his servant, who left him in his own room at 11 o'clock, to put a glass of milk and a syphon of eoda beside the ted, and on no account to disturb him in the morning until he rang for hiB ebaving-water. He was then writing. The man went to bed. Yorke must have worked late into tbe night, for he had made a fair copy of the rough draft of his speech and added aeveral sheets of notes. When the speech was delivered it was noticed that, contrary to cuBtom, tbe Chairman need no notes at all. He brought with himno paperswhatever, and he arrived very late. Tbe room was packed, and the general temper of the meeting so manifestly turbulent that Fielden's neighbour had given it as his opinion that if Yorke did not torn np soon, neither he nor any one else would be able to obtain a hearing. The words were scarcely past his lips before the tall figure of the Chairman became visible amidst the crowd surging about the door. He wore a heavily furred overcoat, which he did net attempt to remove, though the atmosphere was oppressively close. As he made his way np the room and took his place at the table, a peculiar stillness became apparent. It originated with those in tbe immediate neighbourhood of the chair, and passed like a magnetic wave over the entire audience. Gradually the indeterminate hum of voices dropped, wavered, and died away. When Curtis Yorke rose to address the meeting he was received in absolute silence. Tbe speech which followed was the most remarkable piece of oratory ever delivered at a Company's meeting. It comprised the entire history of tbe San Sacrada Gold Mine, with details and statistics, eeveral of which, unknown at tbe time even to the Directors, were subsequently verified by telegram and proved to be absolutely exact. Yorke's manner created a profound impression. He spoke for an hour without a single hesitation, and he held his hearers spell-bound. Not an argument was wasted, not a point lost, not a possible objection left unanswered. The man was transfigured by his intense earnestness. His face was inspired, his whole person dilated. He predioted the future success of the Company with the authority of one who knar. Every word be uttered carried conviction ; and when at last a vote of confidence in the Board was put to the meeting, it was carried without a single dissentient. Then an odd thing happened. Without a word tbe Chairman rose and left the room. Tliecrowdfellback, makingaway for bim to the door. His disappearance was succeeded by a second of dead silence. Then Fielden, acting on an impulse, for which he could never afterwards account, sprang up and followed. He wasn't more than a minute in gaining the stairs; but when he reached the passage Yorke was nowhere to be seen. He hurried out on to tbe pavement. A brougham bad just pulled up at the kerb, and some one called him by name. It was the doctor whom Yorke was in the kabitof consulting. He said something, the driftof which Fielden did not catch, for he was looking np and down | the street, and answered by the question upper- < most in his mind— " Have you seen Yorke ?" The reply was startling. "Yes, poor fellow; but there was nothing to be done. He must have been dead for hours. His servant begged me to come to you. He says there are Eome important papers which you" " What tho deuce are you talking about ?" Fielden interrupted impatiently. "Yorke's no more dead than I am, He has been at the meeting since 3 o'clock. He has only just this minute left. I followed him downstairs." Then, catching the peculiar expression of the medical man's face, he added warmly— " I'm neither mad nor drunk, Dr. Jones. If you don't believe me, go upstairs. The whole meeting's there, reporters and all. Ask them who took the chair this afternoon. Dead men j don't make su2h speeches as Yorke has just given us." There was no doubting the sincerity of his tones. Dr.'Jones considered a moment, then heasked a rather singular question—. "Did you," he said, "speak to Mr. Yorke yourself "No; be left the room suddenly, without addressing any one individually. 1 thought the strain bad been too much for bim—he had spoken really magnificently—and I followed, but' '' Ah!" -interjected 'the other softly; " I think, Mr. Fielden, I must ask j-ou to come back with me. There are papers about of which you, as an intimate personal friend of Yorke's, and a representative of the Company, had better take charge. Besides, you may be able to elucidate" "Do you," Baid Fielden, "seriously cxpect me to believe in the death of a man whom I have seen within tho last five minutes?" " I expect nothing. I merely tell you that Mr. Yorke waB found dead in his roo n at halfpast 2 this afternoon. He had given orders overnight that he was not to be disturbed until he rantr; but his servant, knowing he was to attend an important meeting at 3 o'clock, became uneasy, and, after repeated attempts to obtain admission, broke open the door and found his master as I have said. The man at once sent for me, also for Dr. Lewis, of Harley-fctreet; but, of course, there was nothing to be done. Mr. Yorke must have been dead for at least five hours. The body fcasquitecold. \- „ 7, v The , cause - of death - was cerebral J , apoplexy, brought on WaB by m nervous 4 Se rfhealfh'" n ° U3 pressare condltloa and j b prolonged menial strain. I bavo known for Tl The , ° 1 brougham " ^ rolled noiselessly Woi„ „„ on ,»„ its way. Fielden was staggered. His mind refused to take in the full meaning of the doctor's words. Neither man sjioke again till the carriage drew up at the chamber which Yorke occupied. J F , e j Vant ,Tas waiting for them in the bill, and led the way upstairs. The bedroom was in dieoider; the candles had burned down in their sockets ; papers were scattered over the writing table and floor. On the bed, which had not bpen occupied during the night, lay the dead body of Curtis Ycrke. " He was found here," said thn doctor, indicating the writing-table. "Evidently ho was working up to—the end." Fielden had been standing by the bed, reverently looking down at the still faseon the pillow. The door of a wardrobe opposite; had swung back. As he raised his head bis eyes fell upon Yorke's fur-lined overcoat, and the events of the afternoon came back upon him in all their weird improbability. Ho crossed the room and laid a shaking hand on the doctor's arm. "Whatdoes it mean?" be asked hoarsely. "What does it mean? I saw him, I tell you, not half an hour ago. I heard him speak, and yet—he is dead. For God's sake, what does it mean f " I don't know," the other answered, simply. "There are some things that wan'c bear explanation. The affairs of the Company were very much on his mind ;" and turning over the papers lying on the table, he added— " He was preparing his speech when the end came. Look here; is this anything like what you heard ?" Fielden looked, and a smothered exclamation escaped his lips as he glanced down tbe closely written pages. He was reading, word for word, the speech to which he had listened barely an hour before. The eyes of the two men met, and Fielden nodded. There was a pause, broken only by tbe rattle of a passing cab. A corner of tho hearthrug was _ turned up, and the doctor stooped mechanically to straighten it. Under the fold lay a piece of paper. It had dropped from tbe dead man's hand and remained there unnoticed since the removal of the body. Fielden heard his companion draw in his breath witha soft, sibilant sound, and looked up. "What is it?" he asked. "Convincing proof, if any were needed, of that poor fellow's mental condition. Good God! what a strain be must have been running under before things got to this pass. Read it for yourelf. What do you make of it ?" Fielden read, and there came back to his mind the words Yorke had spoken in the Boardroom four days before " I am prepared to sell my soul for that end, and I believe tha sale will shortly be conolnded." It was tho last copy of that extraordinary document by which the unhappy man believed he had saved the San Sacrada Mining Company and lost his own soul. On the back of the paper Yorke had written— "My friend Fielden has said that there is no den;and for souls nowadays—that they are altogether too cheap—but he is wrong. The devil is never weary of bringing men to destruction, as I am proving, at what cost is known only to myself. Though I am now past hope in this world or the next-, I solemnly swear that I did not sericufly intend to register this shameful bargain with tho powers of darkness. " In a moment of abstraction, hardly knowing what T did, I wrote out the original of this agicement. Three minutes later it teas signed, ana I knew that I v.-as lost. " 1 saw the vile nr.rue come out in letters of fire—the fire of hell, in which my soul, that I have bartered away, must burn hereafter. "Six times I have destroyed the outward evidence of this cursed bond, only to be compil:ttJ, by a power stronger than myself, to reproduce it, and watch the awful signature again affixed. Bis share of the compact will eoon be completed. My cart is yet to come. The surrender of my soul ' at such time and for such purpose.' The purpese I know only tco well. The time is yet uncertain, but I feel that it will not be long. I am now tormented by one terrible fear; tbat the call may come before I have seen tbe success of the Compiny assured ; that after all I maybe cheated out of my dearly bought triumph. But that I am resolved not to suffer. Surely my body will have strength to resist; my will-power suffice to claim that last privilege. Come what may, I Kill not yield up my immortal self before Friday's meeting. After tbat I care little bow soon the summons comes. This hourly suspense is torture, worse than any actual suffering. My brain is burning already in hell. But" Here the writing ceased, with a faint downv ardetrokeof the pen, as it had slipped through the nerveless fingers. It was Curtis Yorke's last word. The summons had come. Fielden's eyes were wet as he finished reading. "Poor fellow," he said under his breath. " Poor Yorke! My God! What he must have gone through 1 ." He turned the paper over, and looked at the strangely worded agreement. The space left for the signature was blank. This is the truth of a story to which no one will give credence, least of all the hundred and and fifty odd men who heard Yorke's speech at the general meeting of the San Sacrada Mining Company. They will prefer to believe that two competent medical authorities made a mistake of five hours in assigning the time of his death. For there is nothing to which human nature objects eo strongly as contact with the supernatural, and no credulity equal to the credulity of the incredulous. 