LITERARY NOTES. A ghost story, with its explanation, is told by Mr. Stephen Aveling in ticribner for April, when writing about the old Restora tion-house at Rochester, in which Charles II. slept on hia journey to London in May, 1650\. Mr. Aveling says:—"I came into possession .of this old mansion in December, 1875, andon April 27, 1876, slept in it for the first time. ■ At 10 o'clock on that night my family retired to rest; having some letters to write, I; sat up later. At a quarter to 12 I was startled.) by a loud noisie—a sort of Tumbling sound which appeared to proceed from the hall. I left my writing and went to the hali, and fonnd that the noise proceeded from the.staircase, bnt I could see nothing nnnsnal.". The explanation is then given " In the previous morning I had gone through the house examining the pipes and taps of water and gas supply; one old main water-tap I turned on, but neglected to turn it off again. About a quarter of a mile from the house is a brewery (alluded to by Dickens), and toe owner of this bouse was formerly the owner of the brewery also, and for many years the house was supplied with water from it. Under the staircase was a large tank, and this was filled each night when the pumping in the brewery took place. The tank and brewery supply had ceased to be UBed, but the tank remained full of water, and the pipes communicating with it full of air. At a quarter to 12 on the night in question the brewery pump was set to work, and my turning on tne connecting tap having pat- the brewery and bouse again in communication, the moment the pump began to work the air in the pipes was driven from the brewery end into the tank, and being forced into the water, bubbled up to toe surface, causing a most extraordinary rumbling, rolliug, sort of noise. Every now und then the water and air escaped to the surface, making a sound which resembled ' hush. There were no carpets on the stairs, and the bouse was not completely furnished —this assisted the noise and the reverbera tion. What did I see, when I looked in toe chasm, which alarmed me ? A man's face— which must have been a reflection of my own, the candle brilliantly lighting it np and prodncing'a Pepper's ghost'" A book that might be of some value to students in our churches is entitled Enchiri dion ad Sacrarttm Discipliuarum Cullores Accommodalum. It is a well - known manual for theological students in Roman Catholic colleges^ and the present edition, which is published by John Murphy and Co., of Baltimore, .U.S., has- been en larged and amended by the Rev. A. J. Manss, a member of the Society of Jesus, and a professor in one of the Roman Catholic colleges of America. As the book is written in Latin it can only be used by scholars; but it iurnishes a large amount of information in that compressed form which is always serviceable both to students and to writers for the purpose of reference. It gives the names of the popes, and a list of the general councils of the church, together a brief reference to the principal enactments that they have sanctioned. The names of the princiDal ecclesiastical writers since the days when the Pastor of Hermon was published until the present time are duly set forth. Reference is made to their chief works, and also to the most important editions of them that have appeared. In this connection we j must point out that the editor of the book is by no means unwilling to direct his readers ' to the writings of men who differ wholly from hi opinion and betief. Thus in one page we notice amongst the references one to Bishop Lightfoot, an Anglican critic, and another to Hilgenfeld. who belongs to the advanced German school. Many other things might be noticed. There is, for instance, an account of the canon law. There is a catalogue of heresies and schiBms, which would be useful to anyone who is trying to understand the extraordinary complication of parties that was found in the early church. The book is a manual/and professes to be nothing else. It-gjves names and dates, the titles of books and referehces to the works of the critics. It will not afford much positive knowledge; it may help to rat students in the way of acquirixigJrnowkdge. Mb, A. J. BaMoub, the Conservative states man, has published a very readable volume of essays, containing, some papers and lec tures whioh havbalready been published in magazine? and newspapers. lie makeasome jadicipps remarks on the reading of books, justifyingvariety,,end allowing "skipping." Mr. Balfdur Says:—" The best method of guarding against the danger of reading what is useless is to read only what is interesting. A truth which will seem a paradox to a whole class of readers, fitting objects of our com miseration, who may bs often recognised by their habit of asking some adviser for a list of books, and thfen marking out a scheme of study, in the course of which all are to be conscientiously perused. These unfortunate persons apparently read a book, priucipally with the object, of getting to the end of it. They reach the word "Finis" with the same sensation of triumph as an Indian feels who strings a freah ssalp to his girdle. They are not happy unless Jhey.mark by some definite improvement, ? Tobegin a volume and not to finish it would he, to deprive themselves of this wtisfactioh i .it would be to lose all the reward pf their earlier self-denial byu lapse from virtue.at ihe end. To skip, according to their liter^ry poda is a species of cheating; it isaxra^t^pliijuhuig credit for erudition olt faJSa$>rp«m^ the ad are surreptitiously ob tain to by totoewhp have not won them by 'Isto ,f have. no saying efficacy,. 'Be/haspnly halt lfearnt the artor reading wndEaa tiot hddto lb it" theeven more. re£ned .a<x»mplishments of- skipping and bfskimmii)g;aad the first stop has haraiy beBpl^to'ip the, direction of making literaturea pleasure until interest in the subject.audnota desire to spare (to to speak) Uie author's feelings, °r to accomplish an ap pointed task, 1b toe prevailing motive of toe reader," , . .. ■ The Swedish journalist who has under; taken to travel the world without expense to himself has readied China, via America. His name is Sven Otto Hiehard Waldemar Wiren, and he has private means. He is connected with the Daniieboro, of Copen- ] hagen. Wiren made a bet of £2,000 with some acquaintances that he would travel round the world without money. He has a letter of credit for £25 with hiui, but this, says the Chronicle, is only to prevent him from being arrested as a vagrant, for if he cashes it he loses his wager. He worked his way across the Atlantic before the mast at Is. a day, then he got a free passage from Wil mington to New York, where he had no food for two days, and had to walk the streets to keep warm, until the Salvation Army took him in. From New York he had a free pas sage to Chicago, bnt had to perform the jour ney fasting. A notice of a Norwegian hotel in Chicago in his home paper secured him a fortnights board. Another free pass took him to Portland on the Pacific coast, but the pleasure of the journey may be judged from the headlines which heralded his arrival—" Three days without food on. the Northern Pacific.—His mouth raw with smoking.—He smoked to stay the pangs of hunger." In America he did without wash ing expenses by exchanging his linen with people who wanted to QBe his cast-off clothes as advertisements. But he immensely dis likes to be called the "champion dead head." " One of the very best stories I ever heard about a concierge" (writes Mr, George Augustus Sala) " was in connection with a highly aristocratic hotel in'Vienna and one of Her Majesty's Foreign Office messengers.. The German' concierge, or ' portier,' in general, and the Austrian one in particular, ib, I should premise, a grandee of the hanghtiestand mOst supercilious kind. He wears a showy uniform, with much gold lac£ upon it, and behaves himself accordingly* Well, my friend the Queen's messenger waf smoking a cigarette one morning at thP portal of the aristocratic hotel, when therP rolls into the courtyard the carriage of th<? Grand Duke, say, of Saxe-Wallsendsteini with his Transparency the Grand Dake him" self inside. The messenger beheld without swooning the spectacle of His Transparency alighting. When the august form had aisf appeared up the grand staircase the concierge turned to my friend, and rudely remarked* ' When Grand Dukes enter the courtyard of this hotel, it is customary to remain un^ covered.' The reply of Captain X. wa^ prompt. ' When German portiers,' he obf served, ' are insolent to English gentlemen] it is customary to knock them down.' And down went that' proud young portier' of thd aristocratic hotel. Captain X. was led td expect that the ' floorer' which he had ad ■ ministered to the ' portier' would cost him» dear, and was prepared to meet the worst* when next day the landlord of the hotel waited upon him, to his surprise, beaming] ' My dear sir,'exclaimed the genial Ilerr Z.J ' allow me to thank yon for having so signallM chastised that ill-conditioned fellow in the porter's lodge. The kerl has long been inj want of a trashing; and, if you could makq it convenient to look in once or twice amontfc and beat him you would be rendering us all a] good servioe.'" 1 1 Mb. John Malcolm, oi Poltallock, ownei. of oae of the greatest of ail private eollec ' tions of drawings, engravings by the oldi masters, and specimens of the art of illumina-! tion, has presented to the British Mnsenm an illuminated MS. which the authorities of that! institution vainly endeavoured to purchase] for £2,000 many years ago, before it was ac-; quired by Mr. Malcolm. It is a Book oi I Hours, illustrated with full-page miniatures of almost unequalled beauty of colour and draughtmansliip by arists of the Milanese school between 1490 and 1520. It was in Spain that this treasure was found and purchaseafoi the English market some 30 years ago by Sir, F. G. Robinson. Photographs have been brought to Eng-( land of the Syriac copy of the Gospels found by Mrs. Lewis in the convent of St. Katharine, Mbunt Sinai. Mrs. Lewis is the widow of the Rev. S. S. Lewis, 21 years librarian of Corpus Christi, Cambridge. She is both a travellerand an Oriental scholar. The M.S. was discovered last year, and Mrs. Lewis , has had the as-; sistance of English experts in photographing its parchment sheets. It is what is called palimpsest copy, t'.e., the writing lias been partly obliterated, in order that the vellum; might be used over again, as was often done in ancient times when vellum was scarce. The thick black writing showing on the surface was written over the Gospels in 778, and is a series of lives of female saints,< signed "John Elhabash." It was only by observing the word " Evangelium," faintly in-; scribed at the top of the page, that Mrs. Lewid divined the possibility of the sab-writing being a text of . the Gospels—a guess which upon examination proved to be correct". The monks were very friendly. Mrs. Lewis says " A -tittle 'book. I had written. years age! on my travels in Greece had been translated into Greek, and had fallen into the monks', hands, and, as I .happened to have, written about the native places of some of them, then held out to me a cordial right hand. For hours together they would bold out: the palimpsest that I might obtain good.negatives. When;] had made pertain of my discovery I sent word to Professor Harris,, who came out, brjefcing With him Professor Bensly aud Mn'liirket, accompanied by his wife—all first-rate Syriac scholars. We divided the day into three watches, from II to 7 o'clock, and were 40 days at it, all working. During the last weeks we used to start at 5 a.m. and work on as long as the tight lasted, sleep ing in tents in the convent garden, so oa to be independent of their regulations. I had obtained at the British Museum a harmlesschemical preparation for bringingout old writing. At first I was afraid the monks would not permit me to use it, hut after they had seen it employed on another' MS. without detriment they consented." Doubtless when so many of the convents which existed in that region were destroyed by the Tnrks, this MS. was taken to St. Katharine's for safety,as it was a fortress built by the Emperor Justinian in the 5th century. Some discussion is, of course, inevitable. It will turn on tbe last twelve verses of St. Mark's Gospel, about whose authenticity there has always been some ;donbt. These verses were present in the imperfect portions of. the- Syriac te^t,.;! transcribed. by Canon Coafcton, And' penm%> called /'The Cure* fAriiun/ ', Hn4>.i'Wtt slnlilninnwii Mhnr /1«b. covered they are. undoubtedly absent. The importance hfihefiyriao text arises from the fact of Syriafc: havingbeen the popular speeoh ofPaleStihem'toetuneiofChnst?* Mb: WmtAitsry, the new nditor of Pe.py'a £>ia?^,devotes: mOre than a° page to, an attempt to ,cl<$r hbtbe wpnte irtoRecting the pronunciationofPepys's name, Three forms are how in use—Peps, which, he says, is the most -usual; Peeps,' which is the aooepted form at Majtdalene College; and Peppis, which is used by other branches of the' Pepys family, one of whom declares that the diarist undoubtedly pronounced his name Peeps, while the lineal io scendants. of Tub sister to this dsy pronounce it in the same way. Other branches of the family, however, call the name Pqppis, and it is cited that in the earliest known writing the form of spelling is Pepis. Mr, Wheatley adds that the pro bable explanation of these various forms of pronunciation lies in the general change which has taken place during and since the seventeenth century in certain vowel sounds. He believes that the true sound intended to be expressed was the sound Papes rather than Peeps. In an article entitled "People I Have Met," Mrs. Simpson gives a carious account of Jenny Lind's love affair with Claudius Harris. He was a young Indian officer, intensely Low Church, who attracted Jenny by his pure mind and personal goodness. He insisted that she should give up the stage and devote the rest of her life to atoning for her theatrical career. She left the stage when twenty-eight, and this step on her part is justified by Mrs. Simpson, because she was worn out by the strain of emotion resulting from the fidelity with which she threw herself, into all her characters. This ill-assorted match was broken off under the following circum stances :—" Mr, Harris had asked Jenny to insert in the settlements a promise that she would never act again. To this, my father objected, and he also insisted that Jeuuy was to have uncontrolled power over her earnings. Mr. Harris said this was un scriptural, and the engagement was nearly broken off, but was renewed in consequence of the despair Mr. Harris exhibited. He also terrified her by. threats of torment here and hereafter if she broke her word, and. last of all, when in the joy of reconciliation she was aingmgto mm, sue turnett touthItuhI saw that he had gone to sleep 1" 