Wasl&y;&n; Aanrorsaxy. - WELCOME TO THE REV. J. OiLLlNOHAK. Auuiycrsary services iu counection- witli the Wesley. an Oliurch, Laura, were field ou Buudty aud Tuesday Lt. Tit/ cougivgaiiou at eaeu of tli; Acrvices was very good, cou tideriug- tbe threatening stale of tbe weather. Tbe Rev. J. Gilliugbatn (who succeeds the Rev. W. 11. Hautou as tbe iniuister of tbe Laura Circuity officiating morning, afternoon, aud « veiling,: preaching three eloquent and earnest sertnoi>s. At tbe close of tbe morniug dis- coui'se which was Eased upon Uol. i, 28--'-" Vfiioai we preach, w.-irniag every man, and teacuing every man iu all wisdom ; that- we may present every man " perfect1 in Christ Jeous; wberennto I also labour, striving according toi His working,:, which woikttii iu me. uiigbtiiy"— tbe rev gent letuan said tbat be . had been : ap pointed to tbe Laura Uiicuit by ' tiie Cdnference ; and. be; .trusted tbat tiie i CburCh" would have prosperity duriag ; bis residence amongst them. He j shpqM endeavour to preach faithfidiy" rto'tiietn, being anxious to minister fb .tbe spiritual interests . of . all — bo4? ! yolkng'-fldold. 1 J On Tuesday afternoon a public dinner ! was held in tiie Leciure Hail. The | spread was excellent, and the atten- canoe good. Xa iho evening a public | meeting was held la the Church, =S=---— 11 in." > which was presided over by Mr. D. Roper. An earnest and thoughtful address was delivered by tbe Chairman, aud the meeting was also addressed by the Revs. C. F. Smith and J. Gilllng- ham, and Mr. J. T. Close. Mr. Smith iu bis address trusted that the same kindly intercourse that bad existed between their iniuister aud himself daring Mr. Hanton's residence io Laura might continue during Mr. GillinglianTs ministry, and on behalf of tb- Baptist Church aud himseh extended to Mr. Gilliugbam a hearty welcome. Mr. Smith then delivered an excellent address upon tbe relations of the people to the minister, and the minister to the people ; and dwelt upon the cardinal truths of Christianity opon which all the Evangelical Churches were agreed, and the common plat form upon which they could all meet. Mr. J. T. Close, as Senior Circuit- Steward, spoke words of welcome to to Mr. Gilliugbam on behalf of the whole Circuit, stating that although they had not secured the minister they bad invited, the appointment of Mr. Gilhngnam had giveu veiy great satis faction aud pleasure. The Chairman likewise spoke words of welcome. The Rev. J. Gilliugbam thanked them for the words that had been spoken. He would not make any promise as to wb.it be intended to do, but would endeavour to discbarge the duties of bis sacred office with faithfulness, and trusted that their Church, and all tbe Churches in the to wn woul-,1 receive a baptism of tlie lioly Ghost. The Treasurer's report was submitted by Mr. I. Tayl.r, J.L\, which showed that £332 had been paid off the Church debt during tbe year; and t iat tbe Lecture Hill had been erected (tbe value of which was estiui ited at £250), the remaining debt ou which latter building being o ily £12 19a. lid. They bad also provided for the 1 imps of the Lecture H ill au I also tbe seating. At the services »m Sunday and also on Tuesday the choir rendered several litbem-i in a creditable manner, Mr. J. T. Close acting as conductor and Miss Adams presiding at tbe organ. 