GERMAN FOLKLORE. Id is fitting to bogin the roll-oall of super stitions with ono conncotod with tho first of the year. The dreama of New-year's Night, Hanefro.no will tell you, invariably oomo true. A similar property ia aocorded to the first night's dream in a strange honae ; that, it is sr.id, ia sure to come true, no matter how preposterous and improbable it may appear to be. If tho child in the oradle laughs in its sleop, tho mother's heart whispering to ib. If a tempest is brewing, nho shudders, and prays for the poor dis traoted soul that has just died by is own hand. If a etar falls, tho eighs for those who loved tbo doad man or woman ; and whon soientiats rejoice over tho diaoovery of a now atar, sho only has tears for the be reaved mother whose lost child the star represents. Sin oheoka tho heedless girl who would rook the oradlo ompty, ignorant that thoroby she rooka the b&by;'e reBt away. She watoheB heedfnlly lest the tears of tho mourners should fall on tho dead man in the oeffin and make him restless in the grnve ; nnd tshe ohides the ohildren who would cat off ouo plate, egoless that by so doing they will beaome enemies for lifo. When the eky darkens, she ia wise enough to know a babe haa been born that will be a scourge to itself and its neighbors ; and she is heedful not to poiut upwards, less she should destroy the rainbow, or lay knives edge uppermost on tho table — for they would out the angola1 foet — or negleoc to knock at tho wino-oaska when thoro is a death in the houso, fot such neglect would turn the good ^inosour. She shuns the noighbor who apina on Saturday night, for ehe will walk after her death ; and the neighbors who bow on Sunday and on Good Friday, for thoy will bo etruok by lightning. She muttcra the Paternoster whon Bhe wateboa a ehooting.atar j oruehea empty egg- shella lest witohea should get into them; and rofraino from looking in tho mirror at night lest thoPrinoo ot Darknesa should glance over her shoulder. If she is born on a Sunday oho oan see ghosts, and is quito untroubled by the gift. bho la learned in weather-lore, and knows tbat rain on St. John's Day will spoil tho nuts ; that cold April givea bread and wine, that the moon's ohango on a Friday botokons storm ; and that wheat sown on St. Maurioe'8 Day will bo blighted. If ahe is onrioua to know what will happen during tho your, Bho orcops into tho winter oorn on Christmas Eve. and hears tho future ro vealed. If sho has many troubles, Bhe woara a M1LU1U Ul uiugwwiu v/u Ktut uuuu n -uve, nuu afterwards flings it into tho fire, trusting that os it burnB her griefs will wano and disappear. When tho wind blows tho long grass about, eho onlb tho children about hor, lest thoy should stray away and oomo unon tho corn- wolf, whoBe stealthy passage makes tho grass sway thus. She forbids them to pull tho roso9, whioh ore under tho protection of Liuria, king of the dworfa ; or to sleep under an elder-bush, or oven to pluok its whito flowers, lest they should offend tho petulant Elder Mother. On wintor nights, while Ehe spins, she tolls her lads and lasses of Holda, who sails her eilvor boot ooross tbo dork skies by night ; and of tho moss-women whom tho Wild Huntsman pursues during storms ; and of certain flowera whioh onoe wore men and women : how the plantain was a girl dosortod by her lovor, who used to wait by the wayside for him : how tho maple was a villogo beauty who lovod a soldier not wleoly but too well, and waa onraed by her mother 1 how the oamomilo flowers wero turbnlont and rapacious soldiers, ohanged after death into this ahapo for their eina : how dead babioa aeooud to heavon crowned with strawberry flowers : and how orumba of rye-bread placed on tho eaddlo of a tired broTEB will remove bfafatfgu'o. 