t- V S E O R E T UNRAVELLED. — « " The wholesale produce and commis sion store of Mr Purvis, on Delaware avenue;-near Vine-street, was robbed ou the night of October 17, 1865. The safe had been opened apparently by false keys, and upward of nine thou sand dollars in greenbacks were ab- \- atracted. A package of bonds to the \- amount of 3,000 dollars more remained nntoncbed. Two. clerks, both young men, usually slept in the store. August Yerke3;had been in the employ of Mr Harrison Purvis for about fonr years, and enjoyed the confidence of "his employer. Pem broke Sharon, the other clerk, had only recently been taken, but the manner in which he took hold of ths business im pressed Mr Purvis so much iu his favor that he predicted a successful future for the young man, as a very able salesman and ultimate prominent merchant. Under this impression he placed implicit trust in Sharon, and selected him a a companion for Yerkes in the store at night. . Both of these young men were in the store the night that the robbery oc curred; but, when the place was opened : in the morning, Sharon was missing, and Yerke3 lay on the floor near the safe with a serious gash ou the side of his head, which had been bleeding pro fusely, judging by the amount of blood on the floor. The unfortunate .young man had evi- dently endeavored to stanch the blood, for his hands were stained as well as his clothes. By the disorder in the oiSce : and the numerous blood stains, both on ' the floor and walls, it was evident that a desperate struggle must have taken place. It was conjectured from this that Sharon, having provided himself with false keys, had opened the safe, and been surprised by his fellow-clerk in tho midst of his work, who . in turn dealt him the blow near the temple, and then, after a severe struggle between them, Yerkes fainted from loss of blood and the robber fled with his booty. Yarnoe, a detective, and a physician were at once sent for, and, while £>i. Edson was attending to bis patient, the detective examined the premises with his usual carefulness, particularly the second floor, arid returning to the lower floor " found that Yerkes had recovered, and sat in an arm-chair with a bandage around his head. " Well, Mr Yarnoe, what have you discovered 7" said Mr Purvis. " I find that the robber haB been to the second floor," replied the detective ; " possibly he has taken some valuables from there as well." The merchant hastened upstairs, but presently returned, saying tbat nothing had been disturbed and removed as far as he could see." " Whatever his object may have been, I am positive he visited the second floor after the bloody struggle had taken place." Then Yerkes gave the following account:— He woke suddenly and found that Sharon had left the bed, and, fearing that some mishap had overtaken him, he lit a paraffine candle by the small gas jet in the room and began to search for him. . . ... Not finding him on the second floor he returned to the first, floor, and dis covered him before the open safe. They saw each other at the same moment, and Sharon was spellbound at belnv dis covered in his criminal act. Then began the struggle the evidence of which was so plainly apparent. Sharon, being the stronger of the two, soon overpowered his opponent, and threw him so violently on the floor that he became insensible. . . . Yarnoe listened with rapt attention i to the end, then made a few notes in his . book, after which" he went out of the store with his eyes bent on the floor before him, until be reached the street ; . then, after casting his eyes searchingly around or the ground, he walked over to the dock and gazed into the water in a thoughtful manner. When be returned to the store and rejoined the others in the offic9, it was with a grave countenance. " Mr Purvis, the robber has evidently escaped by way of the river, as the blood tracks reach to the dock." All eyes were now directed towards the wonnded man, who had suddenly grown pale. He opened his month as if to say something, but fell back with a groan and fainted away. While the doctor was applying re storatives to his charge, the detective drew Mr Purvis away to the rear of the store, and remained there half an hour in conversation with him, and, judging by his frequent exclamations, he must have been astonished by what the detec tive told him. Re-entering the office, they found Yerkes still - unconscious, and, at the suggestion of Yarnoe, he was taken to the hospital. " Now, Mr Purvis," said Yarnoe, " ..tu — A Alnf.lirLq usually worn by Mr Sharon while on duty at the store ?" " Certainly, sir," replied the gentle man ; " that is easily done," and he went to the closet where the clerks . kept their outer garments. He examined the clothing with gasps of surprise. " What is it ?" said Yarnoe, when Mr Purvis laid the garments on the bed. i " As I Iivo, Sharon has not only left his coat and ve3t behind, bnt his.pants as well," said Mr Purvis, in bewilder ment. i " That is singular," said the detective, £ exchanging glances with the physician j "It is rather puzzling, in fact, when 1\. you bear in mind that Mr Yerkes, when ! found, was fully dressed, while the thief left his pants behind," pointing ti a pair i : beneath the bed. v — "You will please fee whether Mr s - Sharon left anything valuable in his i pockets." \- Every pocket was examined. There : was fonnd a valuable watch and chain, a trifle over 500 dollars in a wallet, a pen- knife, pencil memorandum, &c.;, &c.; "Retain the articles. Mr Purvis, and \- hang the garments up," said the detec- t'Ltive. " I have another surprise here." .Yarnoe removed the bedclothes, leav- ing the mattress hare. A number of r bloody finger marks stained it aloEg a seam ten inches in length. 'f "I see what yon are driving a'.,' ? " oried Purvi3, as he scanned the seam. _ J- , " You mean tbat the thief has hidden V his plunder in the mattress." "I think so, at all events," was the reply, as he ripped the scam with his knife. Inserting his hand ho drew forth the package of greenbacks. They were in- tact, Mr "Purvis said, after examining the seals. " I don't know what to think, raid tho gentleman, hopelessly. " I dccure my head aches trying to divines the motive for this most extraoroiuary crime." ' Think as I. do." " What is that ?" i" Why, that Sharon, instead of being the thief, : is the thief's victim, winch accounts for his leaving his outer gar- meats behind. He evidently surprised the rascal, and in a tuBsle with him he murdered Sharon, dragged him across the street and threw him in the river." ' " Then you really expect Yerkes is the thief 7" asked the merchant, greatly agitated. _ ' I am sure he is not only the thief, but a probable murderer also." ' Oh, the wretch !" cried the mer chant passionately, " and in my heart I admired his bravery, while I pitied him for what he had endured in endeavoring to protect my property. I am perfectly convinced that you have hit the right man," continued Mr Purvis. "If he knew of this he might give us the slip. The next thing to be done is to use every means in our power to recover the body of poor Sharon." " Poor, indeed, since all the clothes ho has on his back are not his own, spoke a voice from behind them. AU looked at the speaker, who wore an old seaman's suit, and looked as though he had just recovered from a severe fit of seasickness. Something in the tone of his voice struck a chord in the breast of the mer chant. He approached the man, aad asked eagerly — "Who are you?" j " My name is Pembioke Sharon." In a moment he was surrounded by the trio, who congratulated him on his escape from death. He requested per mission to assume his proper dress, after which he would tell exactly what had occurred during the past night. His story was very similar to the one told by Yerkes, with this difierence — the positions were changed. It was Sharon who had surprised the other in front of the open safe in the act- of stowing in his pocket the greenbacks alluded to. It was Sharon who de nounced the act, and Yerkes, both angry and frightened to be thus de tected, picked up a paper weight and hurled it at his fellow-clerk, striking Sharon on the head, inflicting a ghastly wound, from which he fainted, and knew no more until he awoke on board a vessel near the navy yard. He was told tbat they picked him up in the river. The captain and hia two men had been to the theatre, and were returning in a boat to the vessel, when a white object floating on the water attracted their attention, and they made for it and drew the apparently dead man into the boat and took him aboard the vessel, where his wants were at once attended to. When Yerkes' version was related to him he laughed derisively, and was on the point of making a remark, when familiar footsteps were heard ascending the stair. ' By Heaven, I believe it is August Yerkes!" whispered Sharon, as he hastily entered the closet and shut the door. He was none too soon, for . the next moment Yerkes walked briskly up to where the three men stood. Something in their faces told him that something was amiss — something to his disadvan tage, too. 'You are probably surprised to see me here again," remarked ho for want of something else to say. " We are, indeed," replied Mr Purvis, regarding him with an ominous look. " You all appear to be anything but pleased to see me," next remarked the robber and wonld-be assassin. " On the contrary, we are very glad to see you," spoke the detective, with an ambiguous smile. Glancing at the detective with a scep tical air, Yerkes walked to the closet and opened the door, and the next moment he uttered a fearful shriek and started back with his hair standing on end, and his face the color of ashes. He had seen (as his gnilty conscience told him) the ghost of his victim, for Sharon remained in the closet, perfectly immovable, his eyes fixed reproachfully on the guilty wretch. The horrid vision was too much for his brain to endure. Yerkes became a raving maniac from that moment, and became so violent that the detective was obliged to manae'e him hand and foot »nd again take him to the hospital, from whence he was shortly afterwards conveyed to the iusane department of the almshouse. , Pembroke Sharon was generously re compensed by his employer for his heroic attempt to prevent the robbery, and promoted to a responsible position in the store, which he filled with credit both to himself and his grateful em ployer. Yerkes lived about a year after this confinement, and died a raving maniac ; a terrible retribution for his attempt to i as ten the crime uu u muoceut person. 