Novelist. A MYSTERY SOLVED. DETECTIVE STORY. By SPECTRUM. CHAPTER V. A fsr. moments' thought convinced Dash ol one fact. The girl whoso dead body he bad found on the beach was really a corpse; and again, re markable as the fact was, he was convinced that the girl before him was no ghost, but a real flcah-and-blood counterpart of the lovely creature whoso pallid features he hail gazed upon under tbe moonlight u[ion tho lonely beach. He was astounded at the retnarkablo resem blance, and satisfied that there was some mys terious connsx-tion between tho ghastly dead and the marvellously lovely living, ho dctcr nini'si to solve tho mystery. Wild? coming to this resolution, he had been standing just within tho door-saay, goring at the girL The latter appeared fo be in tho company of two gentlemen. Ha-r companions wero remarkablss-lsioking men, evidently foreigners. Ono was tall anil slender, whilo the other was abort and thick-set. Both possessed ssvarthy complexions, dork, piercing eye*, and raven-black hair. Kingston still stood gazing at the fair girl, when the attention of one of the men waa di rected tosvard him. Seeing that he had attracted attention. Dash turned upon his heel and walked slowly dosvn Ills. lons hall tosrard the stairway. At the head of the stains he halted. He had observed that the girl was robed in a t--a, elling dress.and it struck him that possibly the party might be just upon tho eve o£ depar ture, and ha felt that it would not dn to let Ihi3- go svithout ossxrtainuig something about tl, cm. While ho svas still standing thi-re, and con sislering wliat course he should take to accom plish his pupose, he heard a step approaching along the hall, and. upon turning, discovered that tho newcomer svas the taller of tlio tsvo m»n whom he had seen in company with tlio prl. As the man paseeal Da«h to ascend tho stair*, he fastened am tho latter a steady, en ,uirin;r glance. " I reckon that fellow will know me again whs-n he sees me," was the muttered comment of the young man, as he started to descend tho stairs. I'mtn the fact that the man had jsassed him. I>i-h s-nn-idered that the parly has! but just amvssl. in-tead of Issuing on the js.int s,f de|ur ture. and he determined to postpone his enqui ries until a more opportune occasion. Our hero was an expert billiard player, and, ha. jnc nothing par—cular. to do. ttissll**d int.. tlss, billunlruom. He h.-ul been seatesl there but a short time, when the stranger who had stared at him to impu.is- ntly came into the room al„«s. Th- Litter took a seat directly opposite Itish. and again fastened his gazo upon tho to'jii. lulluu- in a fiscal and_immu"enE_man- Uur readers aro all well Btvaro that it [is not * vary nice thing to bo impudently stared at l,y a vital stranger, and Dash began lo feel rs'h.r uncomfortable. F,,rsometiin*i be paid no attention to the man, hut directs-" his gaze carelsM.lv alsout tbe r-,m : but every time he danced toward tho n,an sitting nppsssitr, he found the latter', gale f a-tened upsrn him. Dash began to grow somewhat seriously an noyed by this offensive surveillance, and in re taliation he faced the man with a look as steady and impudent as his own. Thus f„r a few seconds t'tio two men faced each oilier, until it became necessary lor one or the other to speak. Dsush svas tbe one who decided to venture i;snn this experiment, and he caiil; " Are we acquainted, sir I" ""a,,,"..-.-!, the laconic reply. " Then svhy do you gazo at me in such a manner V " Because I choose to !"wos the impertinent r*p!y- " . . " Well, I choose tlsat you should desist from 1,-uking at me in such a fixed manner; it ia ouVtissive." said Da?— " I thought a fesv moments ago, when I saw you trying to storo a lady out of cssuntcnance, that you approved of such little pleasantries," said the man. Dash instantly recollected that he had stared at the man's companion, and being a frank, generous fellow, not at all quarrelsome, notu rally he thought that an explanation was due, and he said : " I cm give a good reason for my seemingly imisertine-;. oonduct, sir." "I should like to hear it,"answered the " The young lady whom I saw in your com pany bears a remarkoblo resemblance toan i-th«r person whom I met nnder peculiar cir cumstances." T-*pon hearing this reply the dark face of the ] siraascr becamo 1 i v id. f ti* lipi were bloodless, nnd a fierce, threat ening light gleamed iv his eyes a*, ho aaid, in a IW, husky voice: "As you have offered this cxplantion, wfll you please go tt—l further, and explain under what circumstances you met the lady who you. say resembles my niece V " I did not say that it was a lady," replied. Dash, with provoking coolncc. " Well, will you state who it waa T* " I do not think that I trill, tinder present circumstances." "I may compel you to," waajtbe fierce ro __*-.-'.. " /' ".. a ' m's?™1 *°n *>*-"ma J; tcit," replied Hash. Do not provoke mn too far, young man j it ■ nwy prnvo dimirorons." - "It b yonmsK who hadbottor tTcarefuK Yon us a stranger to me, mid you have thru;* "Una conversation upon roe.'Vcnlied Dash Kinr ■ton* "No, sir; youwero the aguresjorj you in •ulted a lady under my charm." "That is fatal" "Do you givo me tho lie !" "I would servo yon right if I were to givo you the palm of my glove on your cheek"," uid Dash, angrily. " Jfo; you are a loafer; you dare not strike a Gentleman. This was Uic first time that such an epithet had over been applied to tho young man, and hU b'.ooil boiled. Urged by a sudden passion, ho advanced and raised his band, intending to at least crush tho stranger's hat ovtx his eyes, when tho latter suddenly sprung from his scat, and rushing at the younger man, struck a powerful l>!uw at him. Dash was quiclc-eyed and an expert boxer, and throwing out his loft arm ho warded oil tho blow, and with the right hand knocked the others hat off. His antagonist did not »tnp to pick up his hat, but whfpping out a pistol hastily cocked it, and a tragic result must have followed had not a gentleman rushed in just at that moment who witcd hold of the would-be assassin, say ing, in a firm voice: "Stnp! you must not shoot." The man who had thus opportunely inter fered in on behalf of our hero, proved to be tho short, thick-set man, who had also been a com panion of tho young lady who had made such a remarkable impression upon Dash. The last comer spoko in broken English, and in a very rapid manner. As he tnmed tho weapon aside, and while still holding the arm of his friend, he turned toward Kingston, and asked: " What is the trouble !" "Yob must ask your friend," returned our hero. ** You must be careful, my friend will kill yon f " I think not," was the quiet reply " But he would have killed yuu bad I not come." " VO.l did not rave my lifu but yonr f riendV," replied Dash, and as ho spoke ho showed a pis tol in lit'- hand, adding: " Before your friend cnnld hav« raised his arm, nr, ho would have been tho victim of this. I havo dealt with assassins before, and I am always prepared for them." "My friend u not an assassin. Yon must have insulted him grossly, or ho would not have attempted to kill you." This nccno occurred in the middlo of tho day; there was no one in the room at tho moment tho actual outbreak orenrred.and con sequently the above convertttion passed with out being heard, except by those talcing part in it. In answer to the assertion of the stout man, D.uh faiil: "It was your friend that insulted mo: and the best thing you can da is to take him away with you." While tho above ennvewation was transpir ing tho tall man hnd re.tnred his pistol to his pocket, and stood with folded arm* pump; at Dash with a planco that was menacing, and mraiit danger at fomo future time. Tho stout man set-mod to |ntsn» a wonder ful influence over him, and it »•« only at his friend's request that ho was induced to put up his weapon. A short conversation now tonic place between tlw two men, in tho Spanish tongue Our hero was a linn Spanish scholar, and, un known to them, luard and understood every won! tint passed ljctwecn them. '• What led tn tho trouble!" .v-ked the thick set man of the tall one. " That man recognised Gertino!" was tho reply. " Recognised Gertino ? Impossible !" " Ver,; but ho admitted th.it ha did." " You have been fooled, Alonzo." " No; I tell you he said that he had seen her before." "Then ho was m.ikincr sport nf you. It is impossible that he could havo scon Iht before, and mi one should know that fat:: bitter than joa." '• Ah. lint you do not understand ; he said that he had seen soma nnewho lnote! f> inucli like her that ho coi-.ld almost swear that it was the rame pcrsnn. And to thto a^ain, Dal I'iiit, n»iip should know brtttcr than thim that tlirrc waa but oaa i>ersoa who lookfd m> much like <mr f :i-rtinc" After a short silence, the stout man ian:: " Are yon sure that you did nut misunder stand the young man 2" " I am suro." " Well, Alonzo, rememlwr tl,»l we have a snifter way of getting riil «f a iue tlo:i shuot m|. him down iu the strct.'*. " I cannot be pi.ided." " lJnt Tnu must nqt be rash: you mu«t apolo p4?. Wo must make a friend of him ; tluni, if we canuot usuhiui, we can remove him without any not*."* Dash conpratiibited himself on liaving been taught tho Spanish languagß, and nt tho same time came the thought th.it to bo forewarned is to be forearmed. " I will go—you aro are cooler than I; you make him you friend," said the tall man. The tall man mivtil away .is though urged to do s.i by his fri.—' -*— ".. latter turned ,'osn anri said: " You must for^ivo my friend : come.lct you and I be on good terms." Dash thtnißht that, tinder tho circnm*taner>, he was quite ju-tifiwl in dissembling, and took the Spaniard's hand. He also had a game to play, and being on I nis guard, he was willing t» take long chances to win. CHAPTER VI. "Yon will forghe my friend!" said Iho Spaniacd. '• I will forgive him on comlitiun lli.it ha ftpn!i»pi>os. "He iluill do ?r>. but not to-day- He U too much eicited. But come, yea end I most be fricmK Ilikey<.urlooki,ond i fed that I can like you too." "lam willing to be fricndlrwith anyono who u friendly toward* roc," uid. Huh, in an tAaV, off-hand manner* "IwUhto bo friendly toward yon, and I am sorry that my frieud liad tliU trouble with you; I beg that you will ttll nw l»ow it camo about." "Well. I saw a remarkalily beautiful girl, and I merely indulged a RcntliaieuTa privilege in admiring her tor a inuwint Irani » dis tance." " Yes, Gertine U Varatiitt!—very beautiful; but my friend says that you stared at her." "Itupo&iulathat; I did gxw at her very intently for n moment, but I mraut no oUcnco and I lad an cicumi fnr En doin^" " Y«, yw, I kjHiir tliat you did : hut I riray you tell me what it was that attracted you •of " Her resemblance to another prrjnnj'' " Ah, yes; that if. a common mistake. But tell mr, doe* fhe r/sifmHc a lady friend f " Since thinking tho matter over, sir, I lia^e come to tho conclusion that thi* ymmg lady doe« not resemrileany onu whom I ever knew," saiil Dash, evasively. { " Then yoa rciule a miitaVc V The man Del J'uer fixnl a penetratim; glanco upim Dash wiien he atked this last cpiotinn, and Dash looked exceedingly innocent and in different aa ho replied: " Yes ; wo vrill aay that I made a ntvtike." " I think that inch ii the ouo, for my diild has been in Australia bnt a few dayi." Some further conversation of a firaDareiiar. actcr to tint abovo dcscribetl fuDowed bcUrrea Dash and the man Del Tuer. After an interval Dash found an oppoTtun"? to make the acquaintance of the clerk of-tho botd, when he sought to find unt nomothing concerning tho myrtcriom stranjew. Tho clerk could furnish hint-but little satis faction. . . . He said that the guesti. had ainvedonly that momins, "d f»' *>•> I"*11 «*n but Kttto of them. . " From whence did thty come V'ht faO. ••"ifowdid they register!" . ■ -'. " t "Am Pedro Del Tuer, and A. Gomez and niece." ■ ; " That is strange," anid Bash. "What U strange !" enquired the clerk. "Why, Unit lliu clout' man, whoso name k Del Fair, should say tliat tliu girl ii hij daugh ter." "Bha may be, for all I know; but she «a not registered avhh daughter." Daih, after alittlo ndroit dodging to aroid suspicion, managed to discover the number ol tho apartment occupied by the strangers, and übtained a room adjuining theirs. Ho resolved to fathom the mystrry to th» bottom. Of one thing ho was certain. ' Tlic tiro Spaniard! were villains and assas tins, and certain indications led him to beliovo thatthc death of tho murdered girl eonldW traced directly to them. Tliis fact was plain to him, but tho mysteri ous secret wai, what connection had that lovsly counterpart of the dead with the crimes of the two men. Was sho linked with thorn, or was she also a victim whom they were waiting an opportunity to assassinate. And a£ain,from whence, camo this marvellous rosomblancc. ' ■ Those, ircro the thoughts that agitated Dash Kingston a mind upon tho night following tho fracas in the billiard saloon, as ho retired for tho night to his room, adjoining tho one occu pied by tho two men whom ho had already mentally pronounced murderers. In his mind Dash thought tho girl was only a victim, and not a confederate ; and he re solved to keep upon tha track of tho parties, learn tho truth, and rescue the girl at all haz ards, if his conclusions should in the end provs correct Dash had been some time in his room, and was sitting upnn tho siilo of his bod musing upon thy facts above stated, when ho was startled by hearing voices in the adjoining room. Ho was on the point of making a row, so as to notify tho inrtic* in tho next room that they might be ovoi heard, when ho was startled by hearing a smothered ccrcaiu or cry for help. All scruples at once, vaniseil. lie. had previously iibwrvi-d a hole in tho partition where a utovc-iiina had onco passed through, and leaping upon a cliair, ho.put his face to the aperture and glanced into the room, from wbiaico tho smulhcml cry for help had come. Tho gas was turned on at full bhuc, and our hero was onco moro surprised and as tounded by a startling discovery. Upon her knees ujion tho floor, with her hands clasped and ■ raiwd in a beseeching man ner, was tho girl Gortinc; whilo over her, with gleaming eyes, and a face convulsed with an ger, stood a woman evidently pa«t thirty years of age, but one of tho mo?t clorious beauties that the dialed eyes or Dash liad ever gared upon. At length the latter spoke, and her w»rd« were in the Spanish tongue: but, fortunately, a« our readers will remember, mir hero was an excellent Spanish scholar, and had no difficulty in understanding every word tint was »]«iken. "So you will still dare to rebel against my authority ! aaiil tho rider tvuiuan from be tween her clenched tcellu " No, no! I will not rebel against you, Isa bel. l>iit why nuke mo bo oliodicnt to those dn-adful men »" was lh<j trembling response. " You forget that Dun Alonzo is my rela -11 j'.ut ho m a stranger to me." " Xo, he U not: li« often fondled yon when you were a child, but you have forgotten him. Yfcn it-ed l» be !>>nd ot him once." '• I hate him uow!" was the abrupt exclanv "Iliitl bccsrjful! Do not dare to say that again, or I will nnko you sorry 1" " You are cruel, and you will teach ma t» hate you." "Gcrtine, you will regret every word you are now uttering." " I will regret my lajtword« now if you will only tako me to somo placu where I will never sco that man a^ain. "Onco again I warn ynu, Gertine." "If you do not hcud my iirayer I will floe away alone.™ " What is that you say, child !" " I say, that if you do not tako me to coma placo where I will novcr see that man again, I will fly away and find one myself." "Ah ! Well, I am glad tint you told me. And now, listen to ms—if you ever attempt to escape from my care and kindness, 1 will find yon." "Oh, Isabel! yon never spoke to mo not treated mo in this cruel manner until tliatman crowd our path," murmured Gertine. " I cannot remain to argue longer with you to-night, fJcrtine, but I shall lock you in this room, and if you utter the least outcry or mako the faintest attempt to ejeapo I will do what I threatened. Now mind!" As tho wnraan uttered tho last wnrdi, she gave Gcrtino a push that knocked her over u|xm the flour, and then the elderly woman left the-room. After the door had closed behind Isabel, as the younger girl bad called her. Dash heard the key distinctly turned in tho lock, securing the door from the outside. Full half an hour passed, during which Ger tine remained sobbing upon the floor, whilo Dash retained his.'position at tho aperture watching her. At length tho girl suddenly started to her feet. Her beautiful eyas were still filled with tears, Imt a resolute expression resttd upon her features, as sho exclaimed in excellent Eng lish: " I will fly from this bondage, even it I hare to leap out of tho window. Sho crossed tho room and tried the door. It was locked. "lam a prisoner I Would that I had tho strength to wrench Uiat lock off. Onco away from these pcoploand I would tako such prccau tiouH that they should never iiud we again," sho murmured. An idea struck Dash. Leaping down no'uclessly from his perch, ho secured the key from his own door, and re mounted to his position. As ho glanced a third timo into the room a eight met his gaze that caused his heart to erase pulsating, and tho blood to curdlo through his veins with icy coldness. He sought to utter an exclamation of warn inc. Imt hi< powin of speech were .suddenly ttrkkun dumb. Wild dci|»ir surged in his he-trt, when once again, though unabla to speak, a happy idea ►truck him. and lie luado me last effort to *»»♦ a human life. CIIAITEtt VIT. Thfl sisht which met tho gaze of our hero m our well-calculated to freeze the Wood in tlie veins of one moro accustomed to scenes oi horror than lio was. Uefore a niirmr in tho room, located directly opjcmte tlie c]>ot from whence be was gazing, ttond the young girl. Hor eyes were dilated with somo frarfal reso lution, and her features uero net and filed like tho»o of the dead, whilo on ashen hue added to their dmtlflike apiwaraucc • In her liand was gnv«i>cd a naked itiletto, vho^e iong, lender blado glittered in the gw' light like polifhcd »ilvcr. Tho expnsidon of her face and - her .*"VoV left no doubt as to her terriUe porpo». Her hand was uplifted, tho dagger was trnlf poised, and its point was aimed directly at. Uix heart. Tlim was tho tight that- enrdlcd the blood around Dash Kinptton's heart, and caused his tongiw to cleave helpleif to the .roof of his A fow second* only pancd: a few more and it would be too late to utter n warning c*y,a«id be was stricken speechless with horror. It was at this moment that'a lucky thooght struck him. He could not m bit tongue,' but his arm wa> subject to his will. In his handle held the key of his room. tunafe inspiration that caused hhn to throw it through tho pipe-hole into the adjoining room. • With a sharp click it struck against a porce lain pitcher, and slid off upon the floor with a second sound. Tlio girl heard the fall, and with a low, •mothered cry alio lowered tho murderous blade, and turning about, fixed her gaze upaa tho little tarnished piece of brass. "It is a koy 1 lieavan must have tent it for my duliverauce I" ahe exclaimed, with gladnoss. Gertine proved herself instantly to be a young lady of nerve and coolness. It was evident that desperation had led her to seok to take her own life; but now that a •banco for escape by other means presented it self, a new hope appeared to find lodgment in ber heart. Stealthily sho crossed the room on tiptoe, .tnd inserted tho koy in tho lock. It fitted, and tlio bolt yielding to the pres sure, a way of escape was ojien. Satisfied that sho could open the door, ths girl returned and commenced deliberately to lack a small valise. Whilo Dash watched tha process of packing, he beheld a sight tliat onco again astonished and surprised him. Besides quantities of rare and valuable jtnvols, tho girl placed a large roll of money in tlie valise.after having transferred several notes to her portmonnaic, evidently for immediate ' necessities. At length hor preparations seemed aatisfsw tor/and complete. Then, aa a final matter, ahe dropped apoa her knees beside her valise, and appeared t* indulge a few momenta in silent supplication. Having concluded her short devotions, sho roso to her feet, seised her valtso,and on tip toe moved to tho door, opened it, and pasted Cut. Dash Kingston had loft Sydney in a great hurry, and hod not burdened himself with any superfluous baggage. He was in marching order, and the mnment tho girl left her room he also leaped down from bis placo of observation, seized his satchel, and with a noiseless tread started to open his door, when, lo 1 tha truth flasbod upon hia mind that hnwo. locked in. He now remembered tint ho had locked his room door upon firat entering it. and svhen ho had seized his key to assist his beautiful neigh bour he bod not stopped to unlock it. Dash was not a swearer liabitually, but a naughty word did fall from his lips when tbo conviction settled upon his mind that ho wis really a prisoner. "Hang my ptg-hradednnss I this is a pre_7 stato of affairs. Here I havo released one per son only to imprison myself," ho exclaimed. Dash, however, was not a person to bo easily discouraged. He waa fnll of expedients, and hastily open ing his satchel, he drew forth a long-bladcd knife, and inserting the steel in tho kcy-holo quickly, liad the satisfaction of hearing the bolt flyback. How little do we poor mortals know hmr often some trifling annoyance portends some direful calamity. Dash Kingston was greatly annoyed by the little accident that had mado him .1 moment ary prisoner, and yet, had it not co liappencd be would have been a prisoner in a moro serious manner. At the very moment that he svas fumbling to get out, a man passed his door and moved slowly along tho hall to another room, search ing for tho very room occupied by Dash at that moment. A misunderstanding of the information given bim by the clerk of the hotel liad sent him to tlie wrong room. Had ho mot Dash in the hall ho would have recognised him,but at the moment Dash passed nut tlio man was at tho other end of tho hall, and when bo slid retuni to th* siiiglo room it* occupant was gone, Tho mysterious man was a Sydney detective, and be bora with him a warrant for the arrest of a murderer. tlO BE CONTINUED, j 