ill HS OF IiVTtiKEST. [Oniaraax AND SELECTED ] As an illustration of the pathetic horrors of tbe great life battle of the nineteenth cen- tury it would be difficult to find anything more graphic than a case of juvenile suicide' recently reported from Dublin. A well-to-do man with a wife and four young children went under in the crush of business never to rise again. He ended his despair by ending his life, leaving his widow and family desti- tute. The eldest boy, 12 years old attempted to take op the fight for bread on behalf of tbe rest, in which his father had been worsted but without success. Then he determined to offer his own life as their ransom from star- vation. Here is how the simple-minded little martyr went about it. Mustering up all the money he could he expended it in articles which are sold along with accident assurance coupons, and with these in his pocket he deliberately drowned himself, leaving the following letter :-" Dear Mother -I spent the four and sixpence half-penny for your benefit, and I hope the money it will bringa you will help you to forgive my rash act. Tell the police to search in the i harbor at Portobello, and when they have 1 found me get them to write a description of my clothes and what I hare in my pockets. They will find a cap that cost 6d, and will entitle you to £200 insurance money ; pair of suspenders, 4£d, with a coupon on them for £300 ; a belt, 6d, for £100 ; and papers, one entitling you to £1000, and the others to £500 each-in all £3500. Don't spend too much on my funeral, and mind the money, which will make you rich.-Your loving son, Ferdinand de Freyne Bienzi de Courcy. P.S-Goodbye." He did not know that this invalidated the insurance policies, and rendered his martyrdom a vain sacrifice to rentless fate, P.S.-Goodbye, Ferdinand, and may your poor little ghost, wherever it may be never find out. The estimated area under wheat in the Wagga police district this year is 105,317 acres. The probable yield will be 1,229,938 bushels. The acreage last year was 88,036 acres, and the yield 1,374,039 bushels. The detectives raided an illicit still in St. Kilda (Vic.) on Saturday morning ; and sub- sequently paid an unexpected visit to an llicit still ia Fitzroy. Three arrests were made. A gang of theives, supposed to have come from the south, has been operating in Bris- bane (Q.) lately, and a number of petty burglaries are reported. Among the places entered were the Baptist Tabernacle and St. Joseph's Boman Catholic Church. In neither case was anything stolen. The Trafalgar, a large and valuable four maBted ship of 1696 tons, arrived in the bay, Melbourne on Saturday night after a most sensational voyage of 56 days, and in com- mand of William Shotton, a youth l8 years of age. The ship reached Batavia from New Fork, and was detained there eight weeks, the crew being stricken down with fever. Captain Edgar died, and the chi^f officer, Mr. Boberti, was placed in command, Shotton being an apprentice. The vessel left Batavia on October 29 for Melbourne, the crew numbering 23 all told. Four days later a [seaman died, and on November 15 the carpenter and Captain Boberts died. The chief officer, Mr. Gray, Bucoumbed on Novem- ber 21, and the cook was the next, being the sixth and last victim. The only person on board who understood navigation was Shotton, and although ill, he Bhaped a course, and, with the aid of an old sailor named Hugh Kennedy, made the Australian coast. The remainder of the crew were confined to their bunks. During this time a gale sprung up and carried away the topsails.' The task of getting the vessel safe to port seemed hope- less, but the winds proved favorable, and Hobson's Bay was «afely reached. On arrival in the bay Shotton was warmly congratulated for his pluck and seamanship. A subsidence of land commenced in Mait land-Btreet, Stockton, on Saturday, and already the kerbstones and guttering in that street have been broken and cracked, and damage done to two houses. The subsidence is over a part of the workings of the Stockton Colliery. The Chinese are reported to be exempt from cholera because they drink nothing but tea made with boiling water. Mr. Barnett, P.M., delivered his decision in the case Bambrick versus A. E. Martin. The defendant in this CSBB is Mayor of Broken Hil), and he was charged that, on or about July 11th last, he did knowingly become in- terested in a contract to supply horse feed to the municipal council. The case was heard last Wednesday. Mr. Barnett, in delivering judgment, commented strongly on the fact that whereas the defendant, presuming him to be innocent, could, by the production of books in his possession and making of an explana tion, have clearly established bia innocence, yet he declined to do either of tfaece things. He had made no defence at all, and the com- plainant's case was one which imperatively called for an answer. In the absence of any such answer he had no choice left bnt to find defendant gnilty. He felt it a painful posi- tion to have to return such a verdict against a person occupying such a high position, but he was bound to do his duty. The charge was laid under the 38th section of the Muni- cipalities Act, which provided for a penalty of £50 and disqualification for seven years from holding any municipal office. This penalty Mr. Barnett therefore inflicted. On the applicaiion of defendant's counsel stay of i proceedings for 21 days was granted to allow of an appeal to the Supreme Court. The case excited very great interest. The naked man near Paratoo, South Aus- tralia, has been captured, and from general appearances must have been running wild for some time. His hair and finger nails were very long. He says his name is Knox, but gives no coherent account of himself. A nugget weighing 5éoz. has been found at Augipena, South Australia. A case of attempted murder and suicide between John Poppleton and his wife oc- curred at Albury on Saturday. Poppleton occupied a hnt on the river bank, about two miles below the town. The relations between Poppleton and his wife had been strained for some time, in consequence of the husband not earning anything. At mid-day the man commenced to abuse his wife, and then went outside the but and returned with an axe, Baying, " You will kill me, or I kill you," at the same time striking his wife a terrible blow with the axe across the temple. Poppleton then ran away, and his wife was found in a dangerous condition by his I children. The man then drowned himaelf. The Newcastle Company's miners have passed a motion to resist any reduction in j their wages. The Minister of Justice bas recommended that the fine of £50,610 imposed upon the Dubbo Boiling-down Company for slaughter- ing sheep on unlicensed premises, be re- mitted. A practical poultry-keeper of more than forty years' experience waa recently recom- mended to use rather heroic treatment with his fowl«, which had swollen heads, sore eyeB, and a thick mucus in the month and nostrils. He dipped their heads entirely into pure kerosene, and to his astonishment found that tbe birds recovered completely and within a very short time. Miss Annie M'Cormick, of Hawkinsville, can play simultaneously two tunes on the piano and sing a third. She can sit with her back to the instrument and play most beauti- fully. It is said that she can play three different instruments at once. Just imagine the joy the neighbours feel whiUt Miss M'Cormick is mastering a new piece. A curiosity hunter at Young announces through the local paper that he has unearthed a relic of the old Lambing Flat riots in the Bhape of a button, supposed to have belonged to one of tbe soldiers engaged in quelling the riots. He only wants to find the button-hole now to complete his happiness. There is a very simple method to clean paint that has become dirty, and if housewives would adopt it, it would save them a great deal of trouble. Provide a plate with some of the best whiting to be had, and have ready some clean warm water and a piece of flannel, which dip in the water and squeeze nearly dry ; then take as much whiting as will adhere to it, apply it to the painted surface, when a little rnbbing will instantly remove any dirt and grease, after which wash the part with clean water, rubbing it dry with Boft chamois. Paint thus cleaned looks as well as when first laid on, without any injury to the most delicate colours. It is better than using soap, and does not require more than half the time and labour. On the evening of Friday the moon will pass over the second magnitude star known as B (Beta) Tauri. The disappearance will occur at 8 honrs 57 minutes, and the star will reappear at 10 hours 12 minutes at an angle of 261' from the north point of the moon reckoned through the east. The obser- vations can be made with a good pair of opera , glasses. About 50 persons of various callings in life were on Monday convicted at the Central Police Court by Mr. James Giles, S.M., for drunkenness and its attendant vices. Among the occupations given by accused were : Travellers, clerks, surveyor«, jockeys, auc- tioneers, married women, barmaids, dealers, firemen, saddlers, ooachbuilders, labourers, stonemasons, cabmen, bakers, pastrycooks, galvanisera, grooms, shearers, painters, wood- turners, miners, men-o'-warsmen, stewards, cooks, tobacco twisters, seamen, blacksmiths' strikers, news vendors, butchers, wood carters, fitters, coopers, tinsmiths, bricklayers, boot- makers, etc. It will be seen that one vandal has made an effort to take away the character of the glorious profession of journalism by calling himself a " newsvendor." Printers never drink. A report by the Government Statistician upon the wheat harvest, states that the total area from which wheat will be obtained is greater by about 64,000 acres than was anticipated on the 15th November. The expected yield will in consequence be increased by three-quarters of a million bushels. Speaking at a banquet at Forbes, Sir Robert Duff expressed the confident belief that the people of New South Wales of to-day would extricate themselves from their difficulties as triumphantly as their ancestors did 50 years ago. This confidence it doubt- less very nice, but what we want is the man who will show how the existing troubles are to be surmounted. On Monday the Customs receipts amounted to £8226. Towards this the 10 per cent, ad valorem duty contributed £940 and the 15 per cent. £185. It will be remembered that when the Privy Council dismissed the appeal against the sentence of death passed in the case of John Makin, the reasons which induced the Council to come to its determination were reserved. The Crown Solicitor has received the follow- ing telegram with reference to the matter : " The reasons were given to-day. The evi- dence objected to was held to be rightly admitted. It was decided that section 423 does not entitle the Court to review the evidence and sustain a conviction where the evidence was wrongly admitted, unless such evidence was manifestly trivial. Evidence wrongly admitted is a substantial wrong or a miscarriage of justice." A novel point was argued before Mr. Justice Stephen, in Chambers, the other day. A man named Snowdon became indebted to the Borough Council of Newtown, on the 26th June last, in the sum of £3 2s Gd for sanitary work. On the 17th October he became bankrupt, and on 31st of the same month he was summoned by the borough, and ordered to pay the amount due with costs. This order, however, he appealed against, mainly on the ground that his bankruptcy was a bar to the order made against him. His Honor reserved his decision. The Colonial Secretary of Queensland has decided to establish a labour colony on the lines of the Leangatha colony in Victoria. The site selected is at Yandina, 70 miles from Brisbane, on the Gympie railway line. It comprises an area of over 2000 acres of excellent soil, with about two miles of front- age to the Maroochie River. The colony will be got into working order as quickly as possible. James Cleland, a tailor, aged about 40, was placed on trial in Melbourne, on Monday, before Mr. Justice Hood, on a charge of attempting to administer poison to his wife, with intent to murder her. Evidence was given to the effect that prisoner and his wife had a family of seven children, and had lived happily together till early last year, when they quarrelled about a young woman whom prisoner said was his cousin. They parted, but subsequently became reconciled, but did not get on well together, The wife alleged that on the night of the 21st June last while she lay asleep her husband put a bottle of chloro- form to her nose intending to kill ber so as to be able to marry his alleged cousin. Letters written by the prisoner to his cousin saying that be ÍVBB now free to marry again were put in as evidence, together with mourn- ing cards inscribed, " In memory of my dear wife, Jane Cleland, who died 21st June, 1893, aged 35 years." The defence set up was that the mourning cards was only a joke, and that the chloroform incident was a freak of im- agination on the wife's part. Prisoner was found guilty, and remanded for sentence. Sir George Dibbs states that it has been pointed out to him, in connection with the Electoral Act, that the Constitution Act pro- vided for plural voting, and that before Parliament could alter the franchise the Constitution Act must be amended. He intends to consult the Crown law officers upon the point. The Victorian Cabinet has decided to hold a special meeting on the 29th instaDt to con- sider the case of Frances Knorr, who is lying under sentence of death. Mr. Copeland delivered a political address at Armidale on Monday last. In referring to the cause of the crisis, he said it was a most disloyal proceeding for members of the Government to accept a brief against the Government, and he WBB glad that tbe ques- tion had now been settled finally. He pointed out, however, that Mr. Barton and Mr. O'Connor were not tbe first to do such a thing, but had merely followed a bad prece- dent, and the House should simply have passed a resolution declaring that in future such things should not be. Mr Copeland also said the honest reason why the Govern- ment had not resigned was that there was a number of bills which had almost become law, and it was to preserve these measures and the work of the cession that the Government had prorogued Parliament for a few weeks. The Kyneton Bench on Tuesday fined a young man named Simon O'Shea £20 and £3 costs for issuing a valueless cheque. He owed £2 10s to a local butcher, and paid him with a cheque for £10, taking the balance in cash For the defence it was urged that accused was subject to fits, and also WBB a wealthy resident of Brighton, and conse- quently that he had no need to commit the crime. In the S. A. Legislative Assembly on Mon- day a retnrn was produced showing the amount of mortgages registered in the Land Titles Office, Adelaide, during the laBt three years. The total number of mortgages was 8756, and the amounts were as follow : City, suburbs, and port, £1,544,710; country, £3,206,292,; township, £567,770; Crown selectors, £147,113; pastoral, £321,599; and miscellaneous, £147,763. The ratio of interest varied from 5 to 10 per cent., the minimum rate being 2f per cent., and tbe maximum 20 per cent, It is rumored that, owing to reports con- taining grave charges against certain young men, the authorities are considering the ad visableness of exhuming the body of Margaret Dacey, the young barmaid who lately com- mitted suioide in the Murray at Albury. The Maclean Council has drawn attention to the " apathy and neglect of the authori- ties" in not providing the town with suitable accomodation for prisoners. The lockup con- sists of a little cell in a bick yard of the police quarters, and it is capable of housing only one prisoner. Prisoners not confined in the cell would have to be chained. The Metropolitan Board of Works loan has proved an enormous success. £200,000 was aBhed for at a minimum of £99 10B, and £967,980 was suscribed. The bulk of the money will be placed at £100 la 6d, and the rest slightly over that. Lieutenant Main, who was found guilty of the manslaughter of Amos Kennett, a cattle salesman, at Moonee Ponds, by shooting him in mistake for a burglar, was fined £50. The Victorian Minister of Mines, replying to a deputation on Monday, declined to pro- vide relief works to tide the unemployed over the holidays. He recommended them to proceed to the gold-mining centres. The labour party met on Tuesday afternoon» Mr. Cook presiding, when 20 members were present. A lengthy discussion elicited the general opinion that it would be premature for the party at present to decide upon any course of action. It was considered advisable to wait until the Governor's speech at the opening of next session had been delivered before the party decided upon any plan of J action. It is believed that if the Government propose to proceed with the mining on Priv- ate Lands Bill and other legislation likely to give employment, the Labour party will support them. A disgraceful scene was witnessed at the intersection of Cleveland and Shepherd streets, Darlington, on Monday evening. Abont 10 o'clock, two girls engaged in a stand-up fight, surrounded by a crowd, who encouraged the females to further deeds of fisticuffs. Ulti- mately, amid a scene of the wildest excite- ment, one of the combatants administered the coup de grace to her opponent, who fell backward into the gutter, where she lay, apparently stunned, for a few moments. She was afterwards resuscitated by a number of her male admirers, who urged her to con- tinue the battle. After an interchange of epithets of the most uncomplimentary char- acter, an armistice was declared, and the combatants, followed by numerous adherents, left the scene, after promising to meet on the following evening to conclude the contest. With reference to Mr. La Meslee, one of the victims of the recent boating accident, it is not generally known that deceased's sur- name was Marin, and his full name Edmond Marin. The name by which he was known in New South Wales was properly a title granted to his great grandfather, who was dubbed by a grateful monarch Marin La Meslee, or Marin of the Fight. As a youth the deceased gentleman served in the terrible affair of the Sedan, and experienced in boy- hood the awful experience of the camp de la Misere. He had for the past 15 years been employed in the Civil Service of New South Wales, and for a considerable period has been a contributor to the Revue de Deux Mondes, La Nouvelle Revue, and Le Temps. He was a particularly energetic member of the old Geographical Society, and was instrumental in promoting the exploration of New Guinea, one of the landmarks in that island bearing his name. He was also a member of the committee of the International Exchange of which Mr. R. C. Walker, the late public librarian, was chairman. Mr. La Meslee has several brothers in France filling high eccle- siastical positions in the Roman Catholic Church. Another brother, M. Amadee Marin La Meslee, is proprietor of a school of lan- guages, established in Paris, London, &c;, and resides in Minneapolis, U.S.A. M. La Meslee leaves three boys, of whom the eldest is only 13 years of age. Only a few months ago he recovered from an attack of typhoid, which carried off his only daughter. It is of interest to note that the question of De Gonneville's alleged discovery of Australia was finally resolved by M. La Meslee's dis- covery of the missing document of the Caylus Cabinet, a matter fully discussed in Ernest Favenc's volume on Australian discovery. The Synod t>f the Diocese of Perta (W.A.)' has, we understand, refused to have a colonial clergyman as Bishop, aod has passed a resolution as king the Bishops of Manchester, Durham, and Southwell to select a clergyman for the See. The Bishop of Manchester is | the Right Rev. James Moorhouse, for Borne years Bishop of Melbourne, and is well known in Australia. The Bishop of Durham is the Right Rev. Brooke FOBS Westcott, late Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge ; ard the Bishop of Southwell is the Right Rev. George Ridding, of Balliol College, axford. A correspondent of a Sydney journal thinks he has discovered a remedy for the depressed times and a rough and ready road to wealth. He directs attention to the importance of salt in the economy of nature, and showing how numerous industries are neglected in this colony owing to a dearness of salt. He says the reason why fish-curing and packing are not followed more largely is because salt is " at Id per lb." If we had cheap salt, large and valuable fisheries could be established on onr coasts from which an immense profit would be obtained. Soap, too, cannot be made without the aid of Bait, but with cheap salt we could make soap hero at less cost than at any place in the world, because we have cheap tallow. If we only had cheap salt, our correspondent asserts, the coal miners would not be idle, for millions of tons of coal would be used in the manufacture of soda to supply the vast needs of the Southern Hemisphere. Yet we have salt in the utmost abundance-in the abundance of the sea itself, the process of manufacture is. Bimple, no expensive machinery is required, and every gallon of sea-watergives5oz of salt. The water is pumped up, concentrated, the im- purities or bye-products removed, and the brine is boiled in large pans. As the water in the shape of steam is driven off, the salt falls to the bottom, and is removed from the pan ready, after draining, for the various uses of commerce. The following interesting comparison of the exhibits in different sections at Chicago made by New South Wales and Great Britain has been compiled by a London paper, show- ing the vast excess of colonial exhibitors : Agriculture : New South Wales, 526 ; Great Britain, 75. Horticulture : New South Wales,. 282; Great Britain, 19. Fisheries: New South Wales, 19 ; Great Britain, 6. Mining : New South Wales, 231 ; Great Britain, 38. Muchinery: New South Wales, 9; Great Britain, 59. Transportation : New South Wales, 19; Great Britain, 79. Manufac- tures: New South Wales, 43; Great Britain, 192\. Electricity: New South Wales, 0; Great Britain, 8, Liberal Arts : New South Wales, 108 ; Great Britain, 98. Ethnology -. New South Wales, 33 ; Great Britain, 2. Forestry: New South Wales, 22; Great Britain, 0. Total : New South Wales, 1292 ; Great Britain, 576. There is no record of the fine arts and women's work sections. Owen Cunningham, an old Irish piper whose figure was a familiar one in King street, Sydney, died in the Sydney Hospital a few evenings back. £51 4s in gold and silver was found secreted about his clotheB. A Sydney correspondent writes: "The Government have appointed Mr. O. G. Hey- don, the well-known barrister, as Attorney General in place of Mr. Barton. The selection is a good one, for Mr. Heydon is much respected, has a large business at the bar, and was for a time acting district court judge. He will be sent to tbe Upper House, where he will bave ample display for his ability at this juncture. Mr. O'Connor takes that trip to Europe which he postponed in order to accept the position of Minister of Justice two years and a half ago. Mr. Barton is off to Sonth Australia to spend his Christmas holidays with Chief Justice Way. Mr. Slat- tery takeB the post of Minister of Justice, and will relinquish that of Minister of Mines as Boon as the Government have selected some one to fill the last mentioned office. Yon may take it from me that there will be no appointment of a Minister of Mines before the House resumes, and perhaps not till the dissolution, should the Government survive till then. My reason for saying BO is this-the post will have to be held by a mem- ber of the Lower House, and he would, of course, have to resign his Beat to take it. Under existing circumstances he could not be re-elected till the general election, and there would, therefore, be one vote less on the protectionist side. The Ministry cannot spare a vote, BO they will not make the ap- pointment till it is safe to do so. Let your readers remember this, and see if I am a bad prophet." 