ARBOR DAY. WELLIKOTON POINT. . Arbor Day at the State sahool, Wellington Point, was observed with the greatest enthu- siasm. The childien, numbering about 100, assembled in the school ground at the usual hour,,and a little later were joined by their parents and friends. Games, swinging, &c;, wore indulged in until lunch time, when all repaired to tho plaj'sheds, where a splen ddi repast had been prepared. , This had been provided by the parents and friends of the children. When ample justice had boon done to the good things an exhibition of physical drill was given by a squad of twelve boys. The raoing and skipping for prizes followed, money being given by tho committee and other gentlemen present. A subscription list was handed round for the purpose of raising a fund for gravelling the playsued and path round the sohool. This was liberally re- sponded to. Mr. Woodgate was untiring in his efforts to make the day a success. An amusing feature of the afternoon was the tag.of-war, ladies versus gentlemen, which resulted in a decided victory for the ladies, and caused muoh merriment. During the day seven trees were planted. Tea, takes, fruit, &o.;, were par- taken of about 5 o'clock, after which a vote of thanks was giveh to the ladies who so ably attended io the oomfort of tho children and visitors, and with hearty cheero for Mr. and Mrs. YVedd and Master Hingston the day's proceedings terminated. THE PINKS. Monday (Arbor Day) was regarded by the young people of the district as one of the most important days of the year, and as such was recognised both at North Pine and Bald Hills (says our Pines correspondent). At both places the children, who turned out in largo numbers, assisted by their elders, thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Great oredit is due to the teachers of the respectivo sohools for the complete arrangements. CIPALABA. A most enjoyable picnic was held in con- nection with Arbor Day at Capalaba. The inhabitants of the surrounding districts rolled up in considerable numbers. The Hon. J. R. Dickson assisted at the arbor ceremonies, planted a tree, and afterwards delivered an address to his constituents. The chair was taken by Mr. Burbank, chairman of the Tin- galpa Divisional Board. The address was well received. A vote of confidence in the candidate was moved by Mr. Robert Jarvis, who spoke most eulogistically of Mr. Dickson, and was seconded by Mr. Pink, and carried unanimously. Refresh- ments were provided on a most liberal scale. The School Committee were greatly assisted by Messrs. Dickson and Burbank in carrying out the sports provided for the boys, the girls and younger children being well cared for by the ladies present, and all children attending the school were presentad with mementoes of the occasion. Mr. Dickson and party afterwards left the school grounds amidst great cheering. After tea a pleasant evening was spent in music, singing, and dancing. Mr. R. Jarvis, in winding up tho day's festivities, on behalf of the committees thanked those who had sub- scribed to the expenses and otherwise assisted in making the picnic a success. LAIDLEY NORTH STATK SCHOOL. Arbor Day at the Laidley North State School proved, as on previous occasions, vory en- joyable. Tree planting, the essential feature, engaged the attention of teachers and children during the forenoon, though the feasting and amusements whioh followed were perhaps more appreciated by the children. Preparation had been made for the planting of nine trees, which was carried out under the supervision of the head teach«. These trees, together with those planted on former days, number about seventy, eighteen of which are fruit treeä. The toaohers were assisted by the School Committee in soliciting contributions of provisions and money, and the parents and publio generally responded very liberally so that there was an abundance for all. During the afternoon the local band, under the leadership of Mr. Bryant, gave some choice selections. The children amused themselves throughout the day with racing for prizes, croquet, cricket, swings, and football. The ascent of a Montgolöer balloon especially pleased the young people. A terrible instance of religious fanaticism has just been recorded in a place called Latng, in the Government of Saratoff. Tho crime wa3 committed by an Anabaptist from a neighbour- ing village, who came to Latrig in order to mduce the villagers to join his sect. In the course of a sermon preached on tbis occasion in a peasant's oottage, the propagandist became so excited with religious ecstasy that towards the closo of his address, he assured his hearers that " God had given him so rauoh power through the Holy Ghost that he could even raise the dead." In order to make Rood bia pretensions, lie forthwith ran to the bed of the daughter of the house, and smothered her before her terrified mother could interfere. All those present were paralysed with horror at thi3 insane act. The fanatic, taking no notice of any one of them, turned to the dead girl with the words, " Maid, in the name of God, I say unto thee arise." Of course, the girl did not move. The fanatic then proceeded to breathe into her mouth and nostrils, after the manner of the prophet, at the same time telling his victim " to come to life." But the girl re- mained immovable. The lamentations and imprecationsofthe unfortunate mother followed this act of the religious enthusiast, who was immediately sent to prison by the village authorities. SHIRTS. SHIRTS. SHIRTS. "B. Mountcastlo and Sons are the leading »hirt makers of the colonv." By special appointment to his Excellency tho Governor. Patterns and directions for Bolf-measurement posted on applica- tion to any part of the colonies. Old shirts re- fitted with new collar bands and cuff!.-IADVT.J Magic Cleanser Cola Water Soap will save yon a »hilling a week in fuel. No boiling is nece» «ary.-[ADVT.1 