WAS IT A GHOST THET SAW P Mrs H. H. Jennings lives at No 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards wibh her. The Jhou e is an old one, but in good order. Om- night early in December (1891) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in tbe house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-pa3t eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. Bub as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a aecond. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic statum. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gloaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves wan; rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour ,and all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? ' During a recent period of ill health,' writes an A merican friend, ' T hpA sleet badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights abou t o o'clock, I waB suddenly aroused from a doz'i by what seemed like the calling of my name ; and at tbe foot of the bed stood t image of my mother just as Bhe looked five years before, as she was leaving homo to go on a journey, on which journpy sho was killfd in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I w&b; Foolish enough to tell of it, and the localjold women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Tet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I ve never seen in since, and it's more than three years ago now.' No doubt it was the nsrve3. Why, there's no end to the tricks the ner# ea will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrot9 us as follows: — ' I was so' dreadfully nervous I 'could not bear anyone in the room wibh me, yet I did nob wish them far away in cass I should call out for help. This was in Julio J889. I slept very badly, and in Lhe morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There w.is often a severe pain in my bead and ovar my eyes, and I was sick mo it of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, r.nd could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached «o dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never Be', better. ' I had given up all hope, when one day Mra West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself o&ce; just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed todiave so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to wal* across the room, and by the end of tlie week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. I cin e*t and digest my food, aad all my nervcusness has left me.' The malady Mvh Foster suffered from was indigestion anri dyspepsia and nervous prostration. The original cause was grief and shock at th^ violent death of her hus band, by accident, an^ the syttem rallied only when the Sy nip had given new vigour to the digestion and tfcua fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that; most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. A custom house officer at one of the English ports was recently informed that his services would be dispensed with, as he was eighty years of age. With a freedom of action which would not be tolerated in an Australian colony, he sat down and wrote a letter to Mr Gladstone pointing out that as he, at the age of 83, was Premier of a great country, a a official three years his junior might be not incapable of discharging far inferior duties. By leturn. of post the writer received an intimation, that he would be continued in his position. Mr Tabart states rabbits are compara tively scarce in the Midlands owing to the inspector's supervision and the abundant cheap labour available. 