THE SERMON. Father Rogers selected as his text Acts xx., 28, “Take heed to yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed you bishops to rule the Church of God, which He has purchased with His own blood.” He said: — My lord archbishop, lord bishops, rev. fathers, and dear brethren,—lt has been your privilege to-day to assist at one of the most solemn exercises of religious worship and of religious ceremonial. A priest has been taken from amongst you and raised to the highest position of dignity, authority, and eminence. Hence forth he will be a watchman on the towers of the church to guard it against every danger, and to provide in every way for the spiritual safety of those who shall be subject to him. As the episcopal ring signifies, from henceforth he will be united to the church by a much closer bond of union than heretofore. He will, as occasion requires, be entitled to take his place and make Mb voice heard in the supreme councils of the church. In a word, by his consecration he becomes a member of that illustrious line of bishops who are only second to the long and venerated line of sovereign pontiffs. To-day, during the consecration, tne Holy Ghost came down as really and as truly as he did when ho descended upon your Divine Lord ini the form of a dove, or on that occasion long ago when he came down on the apostles in the shape of tongues of fire and Bat upon everyone of them. Lest, perhaps, we should not realise in all its full meaning the ceremony of to-day, the church in her ceremonial comes to our assistance, and whoso observes and understands these ceremonies with their symbolical meanings cannot fail to have his mind brought back to the origin of the church and the Catholic episcopate. Therefore, I have taken for my text the words quoted. “These words were spoken by St. Paul on an important occasion, in circumstances very sad and touching; “ Bound in the spirit he was on his way to Jerusalem,” not knowing the things which should befall him there, save that imprisonment, trials, and afflictions awaited him, and that all those whom he was then addressing should see his face no more. It was his farewell discourse to them, and, like all such utterances, it was pregnant of mean ing. That solicitation for all the churches, of which he speaks elsewhere, weighed heavily upon him, for this church of Ephesus had been ■founded and fostered by himself, with tears and amidst temptations, while he preached to them and taught them publicly from house to house. Their future and the perils that thieatened their faith profoundly affected him. In order, therefore, the more firmly to establish that faith, secure and free from harm, be called together the elders of the church, and ad dressed to them the pathetic discourse related by St. Luke in the 20th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. Lest they should be lulled by a false sense of security, he takes occasion to re mind them that the time was coming when their faith would be severely tried; that dangers of no ordinary kind loomed up in the future dangers of such a kind as to try men’s souls; that after his departure raveniug wolves would enter in amongst them, and that even from amongst themselves should arise men speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them. The prediction of St. Paulwasfully veri fied, for the Church of Ephesus saw his face no more. But a few years afterwards, while he was in prison for the faith at Home, he ad dressed his great Epistle to the Ephesians, in which the same consuming zeal for the safety of their faith breaks , forth. In this epistle he strongly exhorts the faithful of that church to . unity —“ I, therefore, a prisoner, in the Lord, beseech you that you walk worthy of the vocation in which you are called— careful to keep the unity of the spirit In the bond of peace; one body and one spirit, as you are called in one hope of your salvation —one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all, who is above all and through all and in us all.” He then proceeds to remind them that , for the at tainment of this wonderful unity the grace of God is working in and for. us. “ But to every one of ns is given grace according to the measure of the giving of Christ.” And some indeed he gave to be apostles, and some prophets, and some evangelists, and others some pastors and doctors—for the perfection of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. Here then we see that that one kind of grace, which is given to all and is called sanctifying, was for the perfection of the saints. On the other hand there is a special grace of the ministry, and this is the grace which is given to the church, and to apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and teachers, for the building up of the body of Christ, which is His church. Very frequently as a complement of this grace Almighty God in His infinite wisdomoccasionally imparted the gift of miracles, in virtue of which the apostle and many of his evangelists wrought great wonders; but the work of the ministry is to endure as long as the body of Christ remains to be built up on earth; and hence, apart from these miraculous powers, there is an ordinary and special grace of the ministry, and .this grace the Holy Ghost has never failed and never will fail to bestow upon those whom He calls to “ rule the Church of God.” And so St. Paul, in his epistle to the Hebrews, exhorts the faithful to be obedient to their bishops—obey your prelates, and be subject to them for they watch, as being in a position to render an account of your souls. And later, when his life was drawing to a close, he makes the duties of a bishop and liis relations to his clergy the burden of his discourse in his epistles to Timothy and Titus. He devotes a large part of these letters to matters of detail and guidance, as to the (qualifications required in those whom by the imposition of hands they would appoint to rule the church of God. Behold then, my brethren, how in the Apostolic Church the intentions and institu tions of our Divine Lord were realised. He had from amongst his disciples selected 12 who were to be his apostles and ambassadors—the pillars of his church. He chose one from amongst his apostles, and him he made supreme pastor over all his church. To all of them had been given the commission of preaching the gos pel to every creature —all had received power to found churches and to appoint pastors. But when their careers were drawing to a close they became alive to the necessity of appointing fitting successors to continue the work of the ministry. We see how solicitous they were to place the guidance of souls, the management of the churches, and the integrity of the faith, once committed to the Saints, in safe keeping; and hence St. Paul’s directions for the ordain ing of fit priests and bishops in every city. In his epistle to the Hebrews in particular he exhorts the flock to obey their prelates. He says distinctly in thewordsof mytextthatitwas the Holy Ghost who had placed those bishops to rule the Church of God. Of course they had been chosen by the Apostle or some other with him, but then he says distinctly that the Grace of God, which was thus in Timothy for example, was in him, “ by the imposition of my hands.” Here is a sacramental rite with a distinct supernatural effect following its application,, viz., the special grace which enabled St. Timothy to dis charge his duties as a ruler he received through the imposition of the hands of St. Paul. And as towards the close of St. Paul’s life he felt the need of reminding the faithful to be obedient to their pastors, so in the course of another 40 years, the various churches having now grown in numbers and being ex posed to the dangers of dissolution and onslaught, realised the divine intention, and drew more closely in each place around the rule of one chief elder or bishop. About 40 years after the death of St. Paul, and only a few years after the death of St. John, we find the great apostolic father, St. Ignatius, enunciating this doctrine of faith to the churches of Asia Minor. The circumstances are remarkably touching—almost a repetition of St. Paul in his address to the Ephesians. St. Ignatius was bishop of Antioch. He had been favored by the apostles themselves, and was in particular a disciple of St. John. After having ruled long in the see of Antioch, he was taken prisoner by the soldiers of Trajan, and, midst the tears of his people, conveyed on board a ship to Rome, where he was put to death for a testimony to the faith —“ butchered to make a Roman holiday.” Undaunted by the prospect before him, nay, begging his people not to prevent his martyr dom by their prayers, and so delay his much desired union with his Divine Master, he re ceived the martyr’s crown. It was during the time of his journey to and imprisonment in Rome he wrote those beautiful and touching letters, in which he fervently urges the people to cleave to their bishops, priests, and deacons.' Hence even so early as this the necessity was felt of subordinating the priests and the bishops in every church. Of course every bishop is a priest in the fullest sense of the word, and hence in peculiar circumstances— probably such was frequently the case in the beginning—all those ordained might at the same time be elevated to the episcopal rank. After referring further to the progress of the church, the preacher proceeded to say—ln the government of the church, with its different members and different functions united in perfect harmony, we only see a reflex of what may be called the hierarchy of creation. When in the beginning the creative hand of God drew all things out of nothing, He proceeded in regular progressional order from the inani mate to the animate, from the lowest of forms of the vegetable to the animal kingdom; from the creeping creatures having life inhabiting the great deep to man —the highest and His most perfect handi work. In heaven there are hierarchies of spirits, choirs, and angels circling nearer and nearer to the great centre and source of all things, and on reflection we find that the hier archy of the church is but in accordance with the general design of the Almighty in ordering the world. We may look upon it in a sense as a ladder uniting earth to Heaven, whereon we ascend by a gradation of hiararcheal rank, from priest to bishop, from bishop to arch bishop, from archbishop to primate, and from primate to patriarch, and from iiatriarch to the supreme Pontiff himself. After referring in eloquent terms to the care taken by the church, in its institutions, of both j’oung and old, the rev. gentleman con cluded by saying:—“And now you will permit me to congratulate—and I do from my inmost heart—the central figure in the ceremony of this day—the young bishop who has just been consecrated. You rejoice in his elevation, but your joy is not unmixed with sorrow, for you will feel his loss keenly. He is about to leave you; and if this were the time to say the things that might be said, or the place to Bay the things that might be said, I could dwell at length on his many priestly qualities, but you are cognisant of them, and you appreciate those qualities in Buch a way as to render any remarks of mine on that head to a certain extent superfluous. Going in and out amongst you ever since he came to Australia; in all your interests, material as well as spiritual, he was deeply concerned, so that he might say with St. Paul—“ who is weak, and I am not weak; who is scandalised, and I am not on fire.” Time after time he has expounded to you from this pulpit gospels of Christ, and as only a man of ms powers of mind, general cul ture, and extensive erudition was capable of doing. Frequently, too, he addressed a large public through the columns of the periodical press on subjects of abiding Catholic interest; and in all 'he said or did you felt a not un natural pride to have amongst you one who was so priestly, so cultured, yet so humble withal. Therefore, my lord, their blessings and their prayers will go out with you to your new sphere of duty. And I have no doubt the consciousness of that fact will be to you a great source of comfort and consolation. You are going to a diocese where yet lingers the saintly memory of the good Bishop Wilson —a diocese which is happy in the possession of a supreme pastor, one who combines all the many excellent qualities of the present vener able and venerated Archbishop of Hobart. However, l am sure that when you go to that diocese you will maintain worthily its tradi tions in all things, and in every work prove yourself in integrity, in doctrine, and in gravity; and I venture to predict that you will receive a hearty welcome from the priests and people of Tasmania, for they are happy in securing the ser vices of such a prelate as your lordship. For the rest, am I not expressing the feeling of everyone here present, when I hope that your days may be long in the land, that your reign may be happy and fruitful in every good work, and that, finally, when you have fought the good fight and accomplished your course, that you will receive that reward of which St. Paul speaks—the crown of justice, at the hands of the Lord, the just Judge. 