A South Australian Ghost Story. Wiitinz to Quit with reference to some sneering that that journal lately indulged in regarding ghost stories, a correspondent relates the following experience : —" I am a iotal abstainer, and I have scarcely had a day's illness in my life. Three years ago a very dear friend of mine sailed for India. He was in the best of health and expected to return to South Australia in three months Ten days after hisdeparmre I was awakened from sleep by a feeling which can better be imagined than described. It «as a creepinera which extended all the way down the spino. I felt that there was something in the room besides my wife, but at first I could distinguish nothing. Gradually a form 6epmcd to unfold itself (I can think of no better description), and to mv horror 1 recopnised my friend who hail so recently left, ns. I stared unable to speak, and then the vision, whatever it was, suddenly disappeared melted away in fact. I was going to awaken my wife when I saw that her eyes were wide open, and to my astonishment, she said, ' Did you see it I That was Charlie.' I pulled out my watch and noted the time. In less than a month we ascertained that our friend had fallen overboard at sea at an hour precisely corresponding with his appearance to us, and had been drowned. J his may be teereiy one of ihose coincidences of which tee all p r ate so nrnch, but it is at least singular that both my wife and myself sbould have received such a peculiar impression. I am not wed'led to the ghost theory, but until some feasible explanation of that vision comes to hand neither my wife nor myself will believe other than that we were visited by Charlie's spectre." A dozen ostriches were destroyed in the |re that took J>lace at Campbell Park, Meniudie, wben from ten to twelve flioneand acres of grass, timber, and intervening fencing were burned. The fire originated through a man on horseback dropping a safety match which he had lighted. The late Professor Tvndall at the University of Marburg found that by attention to diet and exercise he " was able to work without weariness for 16 hours a day.", (pompared with this Buckle's labors, con sisting in the perusal of three volumes a day, sink- almost into triviality. Yet Tyndall was &B; ready as anyone to admit tibat the world owes less to its hard Workers than to its bard thinkers. A New Zealand parliamentary candidate daid in his election address: "I would rather poll 10 votes all told, and forfeit flie £10 deposit, than nneak into Parliament by promising all things to all men. I know no more pitiful spectacle than that df a politician wriggling like a periwinkle on a pin because be has promised to do certain things before election and broken l|is promises when elected." That's tbe sort of talk 1 But unfortunately it didn't slecnre his election. 