" BRING ME MY BROTHER'S HEAD." ' Br Joaquin Miller, " Jahha, chief of Sonoro, thou wilt bring me my brother's bead to-morrow, on penalty of death." This was the command of the Spanish Governor of Durango to tbo Indian chief of Sonoro the day after the great bull fight at hiB capital. Now, to uuderstand more clearly tho terrible ferocity of tha Spanish conquerors of Mexico you will please recall what you may know of tne ran or oioniezuma ; recall now uortoz out off the head of lialboa, the discoverer of the Facifio Ocean, simply beoause he dared dis cover it before him, and like nets of selfish cruelty and bloodshed. And to better under stand the entire subjugation and abjectohedienco of the poor Indians, let me quote this one incident from Fremont's autobiography. At the battle of San Bernardino, near Los Angeles, in the Mexican war, a Mexican, fighting with Fremont, had overthrown an Indian Mexican who was fighting for Mexico and had runhim through with his sword. The prostrato Indian threw up hiB hands and cried " Basta bastal" Enough ! enough ! "An alro per vosl" Another for you! and then ran him through again aud shouted " l'cnyo ?" Have yon got it 1 " Si, tinor; gratsia." Yes, sir; thank you, and so died, his Inst words, "Thank you." Pardon these digressions, my young reader. A story, to my way of thinking, has but little right to consideration that does not teaeh or toll something besides a story. Let me add that tha Mexican Indian is as entirely submis sive to-day, . with tie exception of a single tribe 011 the Pacifia Bide of tho re public, as he was on the day when tho renowned and bloody Cortez died. This conqueror of Mexico, Cortez, is called the Mar- quia of tho Valley in Mexico eity, having been, ennobled for his deeds. It may be mentioned that bo is remembered, for all his deeds of blood, as a great man in Mexican history. And great ha undoubtedly was in his way and day. Thore is a famous oil painting of Cortez in the groat palace, built from tlio stones of the Temple of Nontezuma, or rather the Temple to the Sun, whioh is hard to distinguish from the Sc.turea or 1110 American statesman, James G. lnino. But now for "my brother's head." Tho Governor of Durango, like most Spanish Mexi- cans, waa very proud, passionate, ambitious and bloody. It ia a singular faot, bowevor, that these men often becomo very penitent, and really very pious, like Charles V of Spain. Ami is is recorded that even Cortez oftentimes shed tears over tho sorrows of others oa well as his own, nndertho "Tree of Tears," still etanding near Mexico City, and at the cIoec of hie career was a very pious and good man. Now thin Governor of Durnngo lmd a very young and handsome brother, whom he had en gaged in marriage to the only daughter of tho Governor of Sonoro, She was not young. -All Rights Reserved. Neither waa she very amiable or beautifoL But It suited the purpose of the ambitiouB brother to thuB tie tho two head families of theso two Mexican States together. And as no ono had ever dared to doubt or question his authority or will, ho was insane with passion when ho -found that at tho end of the great feast and bull fight his dashing young brother bad secretly married the beauti ful Indian girl, daughter of Jahha, and fled with her and her father baok -to the mountains and deserts of Sonoro. Prcscott, tho historian, tells us that Cortez, when he first invaded Mexico, found postmen, or runners, who carried the mails on their backs and msdo the incrediblo distance of 100 miles each day. Yon must know thero were no homes thero at that time. Thero were 110 cattlo of any kind. Tho largest domestic animal whioh Cortez found in tho lands of tho single nations was tho goat. But now to get on with my brother's head. Theso swift runners or postmen aro still to be found in tho mountains and deserts of Mexico, remote from post offices or MA.tnl it'nnu T isavn iiu<w1 t.hftm nffcnn and quotas siuvs. a v i ----- — - — always found them most faithful and reli able. It was by. one of these that tho dreadful message was sent by the Governor of Durango in tho wake of his flying brother and his bride. Tho great Indian chiof and his two happy children had bnrely had timo to throw them selves from their horses under tho palm trees' at their own village when the fatal mossago camo from the furious Governor. Now, naturally, you would think that Jahha, rich, influential, powerful in every way, would have resisted. As explained before, there is, nor never has been since tho days of Cortez, any resistance at all in tho Indiana of Mexico, as against the Spaniard or Mexican. An Indian of Mexico will fight or resist tho American along our borders, but the terrible lessons they have had from those of Latin blood they never can forget. And so the great chief Jahha only bowed bis head before tho messenger. Ho would obey. He would tako back to the bloody and merieiless Governor of Durango his brother's head to-morrow. Tho messenger turned back. The silent old chief went aside with his sorrow. The sun waa going down. Tho weary young lovers had fallen Asleep even as the messenger approached, ob they leaned together under a great palm tree in their serapes. And the heartbroken old chief was glad of that ; as glad as auy heartbroken man could be. They at least would have a little rest; one littlo spaco of peace and hope and pure delight in their sweet dreams together ; only dreams. He looked back over his shoulder as they leaned together there. The face of his beautiful child was Bottling down closer and eloser to the breast of hor true young husband. And maybe at that moment somo little sense of tho great wrong and a spirit of resistance rose inhis Btout heart for a second. His fists clenched and he bit his thin oopper lips till they bled. Then his two hands dropped at his side as the branches pf a tree might drop with the axe at its root, and with a deep sigh he passed on and entered tho palm thatched ndoke house of his elder sistor, a shrewd, sodato old woman, who was a sort of Indian priestess. Slowly, sadly, and very , briefly, , too, he told her the terrible trutn. And resistance arose in her breast for a second as it had in his. But recalling to herself the foot that the chief had bowed his bead at the mandate of the bloodthirsty governor, and in -Bileneo. consented to take the head of the handsome young husband and deliver it in person on the morrow, sho was silent. For, to say nothing of tbo peril of disobedience, sho knew that her brother never broko his word. Theso Indians have a sort of sandal of shitten wood on solemn ocoasions, tbe same that is mentioned in the Bible. It is a speoies of juniper tree. It is hard as steel when dry, and endures almost far ever, is oily and rich, burns like a candlo aud gives out n perfume not unlike that beforo the altar when the censor Bwings in unison with most solemn pray.r. The Chinese burn this same wood, ground up with olive oil and mado into tapers, in their temploa here before their idols in San Francisco. Tho old Indian priestess arose and set up seven sticks in the form of a tent or wigwam in tho middlo of her earthen floor. Then taking np an earthen lamp from a hidden corner, she set tho perfumed pile on firo and fell with her faco on tbe ground before it. The rich sweet odors of the burning sandal wood, or juniper, quite overcame the exkaustud old chief and he, too sank down, and sleep came to him and he rested and was very greatly refreshed. So greatly refreshed was he, indeed, that when the full moon flooded in at the open door and his sister wakened him with a touch of her withered hand, he resolved at onco to set out on his retnrn with the doomed head to the bloody and relentless brother. . "Ron. alahtp fltA mnnrt ia tinnrinn Alii n nntli ofsilverformotowalliupon. Imustsctforthnlone and now with tho head. She must sleep ; must not know." But as ho was about to step forth tho old priestess laid her band on his arm and gently drow him back. In silence once more they kindled the fire and together they watched it burn ; waiting, waiting, praying for some sign, some token, some light or pathway of deliver ance. Did it como to them ? Could Indian cunning conceive of no way to match Mexican cruelty ? Let us see. Meantime, like Charles V., Cortez and many another bloody Spaninvd, penitence had come to the cruel Governor of Durango. His' terrible rage had quite spent its fury ; and now tlio calm, thon tho regret, then tbe.Inmentation ami cry of despair. A messenger wits sent forth at sun down recalling and rovoking tho cruel ordor for hie brother's head. Then another messenger, and then another. They were each ordered to take tho' shortor though moro perilous route. Nnmoroua towards, loads of silver were promised anyono.wko would bring.tke poor young brother safe and well to the governor's palace. Tho cruel , penitent, as if, fearing that men might doubt his sincerity, took all tlio hoarded silver of his palace, heaped np in -his g'reat central hall, to bo given to auyouo who would bring him baok his brother safe and wolL - Ho ordered his guards to sboot down the ohief at eight when he camo on tho morrow. bearing tho head of his poor young brother.- Thon he fell on his face, moaning and mourning, and would not rise up or heed or hear anything. Ha resolved to retire to a oonvent and spend his days in repcntanco. Yee, he would govern no more, for suroly I10 was not fitted to govern. Suddenly there was a great clamor at tho gate of tho walled eity. Thon there was n shout, a tumult, a rushing of feet and tlio old chief Jahha of Sonoro burnt into tho presence of tho Governor of Durango with his young brother s head. Bnt the lioad waa still on its shoulders. The inspiration had come to the old Indian priestess as the two sat peering info the emoke and flamo of tho sacred firo, and sho had said to her brother, " Go tako tbe head, and take tho body, too." The prostrato governor, white as a ghost from griof and repentance aud hopeless sorrow, sprang to his foet with wido arms at the Bouud of his brother's voice. After ono long, ardent em brace, a long finger reached for ont toward the heap of silver and a husky voice whispered in tho young brother's ear, " That is for tho man who brought you back alive, for him— her— her dowry." . , 