? >r> - v. 'J l -*?*<! ORIL&ND; Hff'!*= \- /Nature's enchanting SÄ^^-Wonder^ - Isle. f^^rtÄ Weird and Entrancing ^Jk-j r ;; x Roman ce, J©l|^Í*-¿2lfí¿ ' WESTBÜRT. s£*j;í^-. . -*-«~ . * , , _ CHAPTER lY.-~CONTINUED. -;s" -\ ** Yes, where my friend risked ms Ute \¿#,io. save a low ruffian from being lynched, '^l^who.richly. deserved it/' broke in Fenton ^Howei quickly. v " Would you believe :§-5|that this modern Bayard at the bridge ^ stood at bay against three score armed diggers, furious with anger and liquor, to . savea wretch from hit» well merited de "'H'' -1 ITay^ not that," stammered the other, blushing like abov, "I-I could not stand by and see a fellow creature mass sacred, however much he might deserve > it;" . . ¿k *. " Bight, air. There is the ring of our l^true English breed in that," said the . Major. Tue young girl turned her gaze upon » ," Vane's tell-tale face. " AU men would \--.-not have acted so bravely in the cause of ^humanity," she said ia a low tone. "'-Í " Possibly not," responded Vane, "gravely. "Some men are rash and im- petuous ; some value life and hold it sweet. To manv death comes as a re ^lief." a -~ , There was something in his tone rather »rthan in the words which led Grace Wel "^iionrto regard him earnestly. 'It was on \\\her tongue to remark-" and do you not ^jrahielife?"-but the Badness on the handsome bronzed face seemed to chill the sentence on her lips. Young as she was, instinctively she felt that there was a history in the of of this man which she had no right to seek to read. Grace Weldon, gentle, generous of nature, brave, noble of impulse, was. at the age when young girls are given a hero to wor- ship, and here was one ready to niche in her imagination and her heart. For Fenton Howe, despite the idea that Vane's former life was a closed book to him, went onto relate how his comrade had rescued him from the grave, and had tended him with the patience and gentle- ness of a woman. Temple Vane protested, and grew flushed and angry, until Major Weldon carno to the rescue with a few kind words of welcome to both. “I am very forgetful indeed, gentle- women ; but come this way ; Teranga shall show you your quarters. By the time you have made your toilet, dinner will be ready." When the host and his guests had gone, Grace Weldon remained still standing under the verandah, her eyes on the trees in the garden, but not seeing them, and unconsciously tapping her dainty boot with her riding whip. Finally the pretty red Upstart into a smile. "Ah ! he shall tell me who he is ; I'm resolved to know." Then with an emphatic nod at the flowers, she entered the house to see if Nita had recovered consciousness, and to despatch a servant for Dr.Craig, of the Peak. CHAPTER V. MAJOR WELDON. Fenton and his friend were roost hos- ¿¡s*. . _ ' 'i pitably received by the master of Pine ^¿falls Station. To men wlio, having led l^Kush life, yet who feel at the same time y¡$nf they have returned to, the status of ^'society whence they came, the first ¿¿thought is for their toilet. The dress of '{-:our two friends required some renovation \\) before they again entered the presence of ~ ; the ladies; not that the process took "»f-long. In their small valises they carried > no dress coats ; iii fact, no broadcloth at t-;¿áll."- Theluçury of pure water, anda ' 5^ comb drawn through the silky hair and ¿Y beard comprised the operation of dress lïIl^.;?;??i;:í?:^:^.\,.^;v^^v'?:??.?^.^:??^^?/=?^?:?:??^:.^;. |%î*^Thiàfc Madame Elsie is a splendid iä^man^ remarked':: Fenton/ between infrequent douches of water. IS ÄI never saw a handsomer, " rejoined S^áne¿ at the looking-glasB. ' ' But where |igMrs;Weldönr-;:; P^4:C^Í¿í-í*iere *8 ** ^ts Weldon i ? young ||W^holiiie sitid our; host was married ¿that is he gave me to understand so ; be ; »ides j there is that pretty uirl, his daugh- ter." i|£wy?JConclusive evidence," laughed "Vane, lí^^íhai-s he is a widower. He said chat ;-year s had brought sorrows'. Hark ! some ^oiióisi ¡singing." ^?i It was scarcely singing, but rather the ?ihalf utterance of one whose thoughts were ^otherwise occupied ; but. the voice was ^päsli^aiid singularly sweet and olear. |>ïhifr'"o1ig.Tah'-~'^'V-;.; .'?;.?"'?" - ípye'U love as they /loved of old, dear, Sir-.-When worth waa much and wealth ¿: -^ was small ; ¿¿For the world has grown so cold, dear, Sp ; That its chill lies over all. . |s;x The young men drew nearer the win fgjdiojiri Tbe song continued ^True love should not despair, dear, [^O^^^^Lét^úsilové'. ás in days gone by ; The lark, whose nest is nearest earth, Finds her music in the sky. |g?^* It must be Miss Weldon," remarked ll^enton; "what a sweet voice ; I must «ÜjEretthóae words : I wish she would so Ison..",-,: .-?.-. Ijp^iíw not likely," said Vane, who had Ifretiirned quickly to the glass ; " they are ^iSvtwb' last:verá¿B.^^:; ._?. ||£í^'iYou know 'the song V' exclaimed í^^njkpbi in surprise./ v Ip-^-Yea^' I have heard it frequently," ^%as the response. Z¿¿4"Ah ! there the fair songster goes," (W remarked ; Fenton, as Grace - appeared from under the verandah and proceeded iCi.tô.the flower beds. gf^y-Hie did not turn as he seemed busy gwittr^his silky beard, but his lips were ©^mpwissedi his eyes betrayed a deep ~ emotion, which had ; something of fierce, ::scornful defiance in them. iSíí" Our resources; I fear. Vane,'' laughed ^piify^mpaia^n^ turn ns §§|i>títi^ as we ^¡Wry^but don't you think we shall be : keeprag our other refreshments wait S^Vánejtósseddown the comb. " I beg your pardon. Howe," he replied, " I had forgotten." V / ** Beauty unadorned is adorned the most," laughed Fenton ; " at least we can repute the saying that ?*' the tailor makes the man,' if our costume is not quite . de rigeur, it is not unbecoming." On descending they found a substantial meal awaiting them ; the table made bright and light with flowers. Major \- Weldon, with Grace, were present, and . Madame Elsie soon came in. Nita Black eu m eil easier ; cooling lotions had been applied to her head, and the appeared asleep. As they sat down the young men exchanged glances. Their party was complete-their host was a widower. T..e conversation turned chiefly upon England. Vane spoke but little ; when he did it was upon general subjects, never referring to his own concerns or himself. Unnoticed by the rest it did not escape Fenton. * \ '. Gentiemen," remarked Major Wel- don, as the meal came to an end -*' I must ask you to excuse - that is, ii it be necessary-my leaving you for to enter- tain the ladies awhile ; but I have a new purchase of cattle, and have to superin- tend their branding ; I always see to that myself." He rose as he spoke and took his hat, The others went with him into the verandah. Then, at a proposition from Fenton, they stepped down into the garden, which was spacious ; while be- yond the flower beds extended an acre or more of shrubbery, . throughout which paths had been made, high tulips and other trees offering pleasant shade from the noon-day sun. Madame Elsie had gone with Fenton to the other side of the house to show him her orchids ; and Vane, with Grace, who was strolling through the labyrinth just mentioned, when he saw the girl, upon whose face he was looking, start, and a troubled expression come into her eyes as they were fixed in front of her. Glancing in the direction he beheld advancing towards them a tall, graceful, handsome lady, whose likeness to Madame Elsie there was no »istaking, but her face was wan, pale, and bore the marks of exceeding grief. Her hair, long and luxurious, was more grey than brown. Her attire was a dress of some soft lav- ender hued material, which hung in al- most classic folds as their wearer came slowly on, her slender hands dropped, clasped before her, and her head de- pressed on her bosom. The figure was so striking, so out of place in such a spot that Temple Vane could not for the mo- ment prevent his features expressing his astonishment. He was roused by Grace's light touch on his arm, her sweet voice falling in a whisper on his ear-" it is poor mamma. If you please come away, and do not disturb her. Where can Mrs Winwood be ?" she added, as to herself. Vane did not - hesitate to obey, but some movement on their part aroused the advancing lady. She raised her head quickly ; then, with a loud cry, her eyes dilating as they rested upon Temple, she sprang towards h;m. He read the truth at once-Mrs Wel- don was mad ! His first impulse was to step back, but Grace's small hands were clasping his arm, her voice whispered pleadingly -"oh! pray, pray do not move ! We ought to have let you know ; but, indeed, she will do you no hann. Poor, poor mamma !" Mrs Weldon advancing eagerly, with evident excitement-for her paie cheek was flushed, her eyes brillaint-placed a slender, pretty hand on each of Temple's shoulders, and gazed at first fiercely ; but by degrees, with a most touching sorrow, into his face. > Slowly the hands slipped down to, her side ; the light faded from her delicate face ; mournfully she shook her head; " No, no," she murmured, half aloud, " not yet ! not yet ! It is not he. Ah I this weary, weary waiting !" She was about to pass on, when Grace (it appeared involuntarily) said-" dear mamma !" Mrs Weldon halted, and cast upon lier almost a haughty look. " You !" she said, coldly. " Why do you call me mamma -you ?" Then, bursting into a soft, amused laugh, ** you are not my little Grace-you !" (laughing again). "I ne ver had any child but my darling-roy Grace-my pretty, my sweet Grace !" Her voice had sunk again into its sad melancholy, and, without taking further heed of eitner she passed on, resuming the attitude in which Vane had first seen her. Grace Weldon covered her eyes with her hands ; a sob broke forth from her lips. <: I should not have spoken ! It was wrong ; but-but it is so sad !" " Sad, indeed !" murmnred Temple Vane in a tone full of sympathy. "Par- don me ; perhaps my presence-" "No ! no!" interrupted Grace, com- posing herself, and brushing away her tears. " Mr Vane, as you see, mamma has not her reason. It is a very sad story ; it was trouble that turae'd her brain. You . will understand me. -1 am certain that I cannot tell you, neither can papa.; but aunt Elsie will-" .. ; " Indeed, Miss Weldon, if the subject be painful, as 1 am sure it must be," in- terrupted Vane, looking down with that wondrous gentleness of which his eyes were' capable, upon the pretty, earnest face lifted to his- ' But Grace broke in " Painful, of course it is, Mr, Vane ; still, papa would prefer that you should know. Let us lind auntie,-, if you do not mind ; and when you meet mamma again please do not notice her. She will not notice you now that she has seen that you are not he for whom she is always search- ing." They had. turned in order to proceed to the orchard-house when a middle-aged, quietly dressed, genteel looking woman overtook them, walking quickly. "Mrs Weldon came this way, did ehe not, Miss V" she asked. '\Yes, Mrs Winwood ; she cannot have gone far." , Indeed, at that moment they came in sight of the unhappy lady ; she was walk- ing by Madame Elsie, whose arm was about her waist, while Mrs Weldon's head leaned on iier shoulder as she whispered j -" I have not found her yet, Elsie ; not ¡ yet. Oh, the weary waiting !" On the woman Grace had addressed as Mrs Winwood joining the sisters, Mis Weldon went on with her, while Mudaine Elsie came towards them. Grace hastened to meet her ; Temple, halting, waited their approach. "I understand, Mr Vane," said Mad- ame Elsie, as they did so, that you already know my poor brother-in-law's great trouble ; one, I fear, that will never 0e removed. Grace desires me to relate the cause of her unfortunate mother's in- sanity." "indeed," began Temple, when he stopped, finding thai, the young girl had quitted them unobserved. *4 Yes," remarked Madame Elsie, not- ing his glance, . " this subject ia exceed- ingly painful to my neice, for the reason cn at, chough her mother knows myself and her husband, she will not recognise her-ti eats her as a stranger." " A stranger !" < jaculated Temple, surprised, as he. recalled to his mind's eye the graceful girl, of whom any parmt might be proud. " It is so. Let us be seated here. The story is not long, and we shall all be more ateaae when you and Mr Howe are ac- quainted witti it. Indeed," with a smile on her beautiful face, " my brother has left you for me to enteitain, partly that I may have the opportunity. After you know I am «oje 1 shall have no need to ask you to make no further reference to thf subject, eiiher to bira orto Grace." " You may trust us, I am certain," 3aid Vane, earnestly. They had taken their places on a rustic seat beneath the spreading branches of a tulip tree ; at the < ud ot the path was the bright flower garden, with a glimpse of the house ; in the former was Grace, now walking with Fenton. Vane's eyes dwelt upon the two as they strolled-his head inclined, hero raised under her sunshade to his-and a pain went through his breast ; drawing a deep breath he turned towards his companion, who had become silent, and found her gaze earnestly re- garding him ; meeting his glance she re- covered herself, saying, " I beg your pardon, but your expression at that mo- ment seemed so familiar to me that'I could have fancied we must have met be- fore.' " I do not think that probable," re- joined Temple, vexed to feel the crimson blood stealiug from chin to brow, " for," he added quickly,' " had we ever met, I could never have forgotten." Madame Elsie inclined her head at the compliment, as she responded " no, it is quite impossible ; you have not been many months in the colony, while I have been many, many years." " You came out with Major Wel- don r " No, I joined them here. But I am forgetting what I have to tell, and we may soon, be interrupted.- My brother. Major Weldon, came out to New Zealand nineteen years ago-immediately after his union with my sister Gertrude. It was really a marriage of pure affection ; their tastes in everything were similar, and, having fortune enough to take man}' of the old country's comfort with them, both their inclinations loading towards the freedom and unconventionally of an existence out here, a life of perfect happi- ness promised to bo theirs." "The promise for some time seemed to be more than fulfilled. A child Grace was born to them ; it consummated their joy, and their letters home were full of the delights that surrounded them. One day a sad, a terrible change came ; Ger- trude was seated alone with, her infant in the room we were just now in ; Major Weldon had ridden to the hills, inspect- ing the castle ; the servants were all occupied in the outer premises when they were alarmed by loud screams from my sister. Hastening to learn the cause, they found her extended insensible on the floor, and the child gone. She was al- ready coming to, and as she, wild with grief, staggered to her feet, they gathered ¡rom her disjointed sentences what had occurred :-" a ruffian, a tatterdemalion sundowner, had suddenly presented him- self before her, demanding money. She had indignantly appi oached -the door to summon help, when, plucking the babe from her aims, bedashed her violently to the ground and lied. Even while she spoke she was leading the way through the garden in pursuit;, followed by some of the servants ; but before she had gone far-always weak and delicate-with a cry she pressed her hands to her temple, reeled, and fell into a fit." " While they were bearing her into the house her husband returned. You can imagine, Mr Vane, what his feelings were better than I could describe them. With several mounted servants he set off in pursuit, scouring the bush in all direc- tions." "Successfully?" said Temple. "Missj Weldon's presence assures me of that." ' " Yes, successfullyjit^ last," answered Madame Elsie; (ibut who can portray the hours of agony the father passed be- fore he was successful ? It was not until dawn the next day." " The next day 1" exclaimed Temple Vane. " No les3 than a whole night had the infant been in the bush. My brother, as dawn broke, distracted, had begun to de- spair, when he heard a feeble cry issuing from the gully he was near. Trembling hopefully he followed the sound, and found the child resting on a bed of long grass, its clothes fortunately caught and held firmly by the thorny boughs of a bush. Horrible as it seems to believe it of any human being, the man, no doubt, pressed by pursuit, had flung the child into the gully!'' " Heaven had preserved its life by a | miracle-a miracle .indeed, for as my brother raised the little creature in his trembling arms, a death-adder raised its head from the ground, scarcely two feet away, and glided off through the grass. The child, smiling up into his face, assured him it had not been hurt." " With joy he rode full speed home to carry the good news to Gertrude. The intelligence which awaited him nearly struck him down. His wife was raving in delirium. All hope was abandoned of her recovery.- Finally, however, the crisis passed-she lived, but bereft of reason." " Since she quitted her bed of sickness she has been as you have seen her. Though years have passed the robbery of her child remains to her as a recent oc curence ; her ideas never change. She has but two-to discover the villain who stole her Grace, and to find her baby, for a baby she remains in her eyes-as she last saw it, and believes so it still will be when she finds it. Her want of reason prevents her understanding that the in- fant has grown almost a woman. Thus it is that she will not recognise Grace, but laughs, and sometimes betrays anger, though that is seldom, when.the poor child addresses her as ' mamma.' " " It is a sad story indeed," remarked Temple, sympathetically. " Had 1 put my hands on such a scoundrel I would have adopted lynch-law myself. Was he never traced ?"'' "Never. You see pursuit was not easy after he bad got a fair start away. We may imagine ' He was one of-or after- wards joined a party of bushrangers, who had made their home among the hills." " And is there no hope for Mrs Wel- don ?" asked Temple. "At first the doctors gave us much hope ; that time would restore her. It has proved otherwise. And now they say there is only one chance/' "And what?" " That should ßhe again meet the man the shock might restore her." " Do you fancy your sister would know him ?" . " I am certain of it, for it is the one face she broods upon-which she has ever before her. Every stranger she sees she treats as Grace told me she treated you. But after one steady , gaze she sees it is nob him whom she seeks. Yes, I am convinced, despite the number of years, tiiat Gertrude would recognise him." CHAPTER VI. PLAYING WITH FIRE. Madame Elsie was called away to at- tend Nita, who about this time had begun to show signs of returning consciousness. In a musing mood she passed through the house, thinking of the man she had just left. Mr Vane requires no better letter of introduction than his face," she pondered. " Strange, there was an expression upon it juBt now that struck me so familiarly.. It seemed as if some well remembered countenance beamed out upon me from tim past. Vane! Vane! No, I can recall no name like that." It appeared as if the spirit of self con- science were upon them all to-day at Pinefalls. Temple Vane, on being loft alone, rose and went deeper into the shade of the giant kauri trees, out of view of the garden and the housed He began pacing to and fro, hiB expression'full of trouble. *« What, so soon !'' he muttered. " Idiot ! madman ! do I forget so easily? Besides, do I not remember what I am ?" with a hitter laugh. " How these people have received and treated me ; they regard me as one of themselves. Would they if they knew how the tell tale blood rushed into my cheeks when she said my expression was familiar ? Thank heaven, that could not be." He discontinued his restless walk. Then he went on. " I should avoid su«h places as this, such people. I-disgraced -have no right here. I was not guilty, yet the world would not judge so. No, from the first I was condemned ; flung out an outcast and a wanderer. I had better have gone on. Well," drawing himself erect and taking a deep breath, " although here, I can leave when Hike ; nothing keeps me ?" " Was that quite true ?" Had not the fetters of a young girl's beauty already begun to be forged about him ? Fetters rosy enough generally,' but for him destined to possess many a thorn. Feeling his absence might attract at- tention, and now pretty well resolved in his own mind respecting hi3 future actions, he proceeded to find Fenton and Grace Weldon. It was some little time before he succeeded- They were neither in the garden nor the orchid house. He decided to go to the verandah and wait, when Fenton's voice fell on his ear almost by his side. Glancing round he perceived that part of the hedge near which he stood formed the back of an arbour, in which were his friend and Grace Weldon. Howe was leaning against the opening, looking down at his companion, who seated, had her face raised towards him, its expression rapt, absorbed as she listened. A smile, bitter, yet sad, passed over Temple Vane's features. " Idiot indeed," bethought; "what need had I to fear ?" He stopped, that same tell tale blood rushing to his face. It was Miss Weldon who was speaking. " Ah, no wonder you feel grateful," she said, addressing Howe. "I am sure I should be. I should hold my life al- most at his service who had done so much for me. He is as brave and generous as he looks, is he not ?" Temple Vane, though he knew not the purport of this conversation, felt that' he was in a false position, and therefore moved noiselessly away. The wilful Gracie had kept her word. She had made Fenton Howe relate how Vane had twice rescued him from the jaws of death. ' Why did she feel glad at the recital of the story? Were the rosy fetters of the love-god beginning to unfold her pure young life. Ah ! well, che sara sara." There was pienty of trouble for her, and for them all with their patient. Poor Nita's awakening had been succeeded by worse symptoms, and brain fever was the result. Doctor Craig.-Buniraoned hastily, shook" his head when he saw the sufferer. " Time and good nursing will do more for her than I can," he said, gravely. The patient did not lack nurses. The three available for the task were ever at their post. Meanwhile the evenings at Pinefalls were most pleasant, when the lamps were lit a.- ..:-.? host and his guests assembled in the roomy dining hall. Wondrous in- deed, the scene from the verandah, with the moonlight upon the ranges, the deep ravines, and the mountain peaks, that shimmered in the after glow, as if en- dowed with life and motion. But more wondrous still the tales told by the chieftain. Te Hunna, of his an- cestors and their war gods-the pagan rites and ceremonies that were yet per- formed by many of hi3 people. At such times conservation would merge into short questions by the rest, until the Maori found himself the centre of a listening circle, who, though mostly sceptical, hung with wrapt attention upon his Btrange tales. One evening Te Hunna gave a practical test of his quality for the marvellous, which left a lasting impression upon one of his audience, some of whom had been most antagonistic to his views. The con: versation turned upon magic, and occult matters generally. The Maori, who had held a dignified reserve for some time, was drawn into the discussion, and de- fended his views with consummate ability. It was a lovely night, but warm, and all the windows of the spacious dining room were wide open, and the apartments well lighted. Madame Elsie, together with Mrs Weldon, who, on this evening seemed quiet and rational m her demeanour, were seated opposite Te Hunna. Major Weldon, with Grace, Vane, and Howe, together with Burke Brady, on the other side of the room. Madame Elsie looked hard at the Maori and smiled. " J fear that I am one of little faith," she said ; " you will find me a very stiff necked heretic, and hard to convert to your views." "Have you ever studied the subject, Madam?" " No," she admitted, with a polite bow. " I should not think of studying it seri- ously , any more than I should attempt to practice chemistry or astrology." "The Pakeha are famed tor being the most practical people on the face of-the globe, hence I can understand your in- credulity, madam; " " but look at mes- merism-no one doubts the truth of the phenomena now, though for the time be- ing a crowd of charlatans arose and cast discredit on what is now universally ad- mitted to be one of the most inexplicable I mysteries of the present day." And here Major Weldon's voice arose from the other side of the room. " My good Te Hunna, cannot you silence the female battery by some test ? Are there any of us present who you think would be particularly sensitive to this strange force, call it what you like ?" The Maori looked around him with a strange light gleaming in his large black eyes. " Major Weldon is certainly not a fit subject for magnetic influence ; then his gaze passed over the other three, Vane, Howe, and Brady, until it fastened itself finally on Madam Elsie." Here he rose to his feet and added, "if I mistake not, you, madam, are a fit subject, and de- cidedly a "sensitive " as I call it." " It is not possible to find a more mat- ter of fact person tV an my sister," cried the major, elevating his eyebrow?. Ma- dam Elsie (and i say it in all brotherly love) is totally devoid of imagination, and has no belief whatever in either magnetic influence or will force any more than I have in our old English legends of | ghosts.-To be Continued. M H à 341 