Our Tuesday's Tale. SEEING A GHOST. Do let me take it !" .said Cora Deane. " It will be so nice to carry tilings to the poor." She was leaning against the side of "the door, her straw hat wi-eathed about "with blight-coloured autumn leaves, a flush of crimson on her cheek. Aunt Betsy stood with the little cup of freshly-made custard in one hand, and a dried huckleberry pie iu the other. ' La, child, said Aunt Betsy, " they aint exactly poor. Not begging poor, you know. John Jones gets a nice little sum for ringing the church bell on Sunday mornings and making the fire Saturday nights. And Loretta, she's a first-class tailoress. And I be lieve own a farm somewhere in Hog- manton Hollow, that they rent to Leander Smith. But Loretta ain't been very well of late, and she's dread ful partial to my dried huckleberry pies; so, if you don't mind takn' it-" " Oh, not in the least!" said Cora, "with alacrity. " Is it far ?" " Jest- down Crooked Lane, and past the big holler tree before you come to the blacksmith shop," said Aunt Betsy. " Poller the line of the church fence, an you can't go amiss. It ain't more'n a mile anyhow." So Cora took the neatly-packed little basket and tripped away into the yel low misty light of the October sunset,. singing as she went. She had beeii in iihis part of the country some time, but she was not quite certain where John Jones' cottage was exactly situated. "But I can enquire," she said to herself. « Oh, here comes Alice Em bury. She'll tell me." -Alice Embury, a light-cheeked young village girl, met her with a smile of welcome. "The Jones' cottage?" said she, " why of course. It's close by the old churchyard ; and don't forget the re hearsal of the Musical Society," Alice called after her as tripped away. "I shall be in plenty of time for that," returned Cora. -As Cora came down into the valley a soft white mist seemed to fold itself around her. The glow of earth and sky faded out, and a sepulchral gloom seemed to take possession of the whole scene. At the same moment she be came conscious of the near neighbour hood of an ivy-mantled old church out lined darkly against the sky, and the glimmering greyness of old tombstones leaning over against the grass. "I must be almost there," she thought. " Follow the churchyard fence," Aunt Betsy had told her. And that must bo the little house under the cedar trees, I am sure. She hurried down the grassy path, with a certain thrill running through her veins-she would have been loth to call it superstitious fear-but, never theless, she felt very glad to get past the cluster of gravestones into the cedar-shaded dooryard. She knocked at the door. There ?was no answer. She knocked a little louder. Still no reply rewarded her endeavours 5 and with a suddeu im pulse, she pushed the door open. It led into a little square room, the floor of which was covered by a bright rag carpet, the walls papered in a gay pattern of roses and leaves climbing over an impossible trellis. A low fire burned in the wood stove-a kettle sang on the top with monotonous sound. Cora sat down on the cushioned rocker to rest. "They had gone out somewhere," she thought, and she placed her basket on the table. " They will lie back soon." But as the moments crept by, and nobody returned, the darkness de scended like a sudden pall upon the quiet autumnal scene. She could see the gravestones gleaming whitely ; she could hear the murmuring of the rest less wind in the treetops outside. A sudden terror seemed to tighten around her heart. She sprang up involun tarily. " I cannot stay here any longer," she cried, aloud ; and she rushed to the door. But it refused to open. She was fastened in-through some rust or faultiness of the outside latch-a cap tive, sorely against her will. She uttered a scream and flew to wards the window. But from its panes, small and intersected frequently with wooden bars, she saw a sight that chilled her very blood-a white, sha dowy figure, moving to and fro among the gravestones. All that she had ever seen or heard of ghost stories and supernatural reve lation came back to her at this moment with surprising vividness. She sank trembling violently, in the corner of the room. How long she remained shivering in the corner she never knew. It might have been five minutes, it might have been an hour, but the welcome sound of footsteps on the threshold came at last. " Bother take this 'ere old latch!" said a nasal voice outside. " It's clean rusted out. I'll get another one the first time I go to Salisbury. There, Miss Embury"-as the door was flung wide open-'. didn't I tell ye! There ain't no one here 1" " Ef there ain't no one here," said a shrill, cracked woman's voice, " how on airth came that there wicker basket on the table? Land's sakes alive, there's some one in the corner Iiidin' away! Thieves! robbers! muwler !" j " It's only me," faltered Cora. " Cora ! dear Cora!" cried out Miss Embury; " what has happened to you ? Are you ill ?" _ " It's the ghost," muttered Cora, be ginning to feel vaguely ashamed of her unreasoning panic. " I saw it myself -out there-all in white, pacing up and down among the graves." " Goodness me ?" exclaimed Alice. " It was I that she saw-my white shawl. I was walking up and down there, waiting for her to come out. I was afraid that she would lose her way coming home, and I wanted to be sure that she would be at the rehearsal in time to-night. Cora began to laugh hysterically, and said : " I would not live in this dismal place not if anyone paid me twenty pounds a week. Mrs. Jones there is a cup- custard and huckleberry pie that Aunt Betsy Bec-ket has sent you. you. And please let me have thp basket, so as to get home as fast as possible." " Won't you sit a spell V said hospit able Mrs. Jones, who had at last com prehended the situation. " Not a minute, not a second," Cora answered hurriedly. "Oh, Alice, do hurry; it is getting darker every min ute." " But the moon has risen," said composed Alice. " It will be lighter now." " Aren't you afraid to go past that graveyard in the dark V whispered Cora. " Perhaps Mr. Jones-" " Afraid T echoed Alice, with a sweet, rippling laugh. " WI13*, what should I be afraid of ? I often come down here to see Mrs. Jones' niece, Rebecca, when she is staying here, and go back all by myself." «. " But why does Mr. Jones live here?" said Cora piteously. " Because he is the sexton," said Alice Embury. " Because it is handy to be so near the church and the churchyard." Cora only shivered. She knew that she had been silly and superstitious, but she could not help it. i "To think," cried cherry Alice, ' " that you should have taken ME for a ghost, while all the time I was watch ing the cottage door, and wondering why 011 earth you didn't come out I" And by the time they had reached Aunt Betsy's comfortable farm-house Cora herself was quite ready to laugh at her own folly. While Aunt Betsy's characteristic remark-the same she made when she heard of a dpath, a wedding, or a spoiled batch of pickles -was: 1 " Well, I never !" 