Crontb*. Bijou. Flood. Races. Circus. Spirits. Theatre. Drizzling. Waterloo. Mystifiers. Old Course. Dear old Jnde. South, 4,829 oz. Beneficent rains. Live movements. British, 9,552 oz. Steeplechase Day. Who'd be a spirit 1 Junction, 3,601 oz. Block 14, 18,484 oz. Block 10, 25,586 oz.- "The Lost Chord." Looal musioal talentA Pity the poor spirits.' ^ Creche Ball on June 8. . Proprietary, 283,827 oz. First night of the Steeni. Deceiving and being deceived Last Sterling conoert to-night. United States letter an page 6. Deoisive victory for our Eleven. New story in Monday's Journal, Jamie Bonhomie happy in reply. All about Spiritualism on page 6. Field-day for District Councillors. Spirits seem to have bad memories. What caused the run on Juootiomi Harry Furniss'e pictures are capital The spirits are apt to lose their way. " Ab-Original'a" verses are very good; Barometer at 11 o'dook to- day. 29 "65. Hugh Kalyptua on native names again. Victorian Ministry being reoonstrucked. • Kirkham Evans on die Bpirite on page S. The spirits will boycott the Register now. * The Governor a* the "Doable Event" tonight. Full report of the Endeavour Convention on page 8. Concluding chapter of " The Hunting Girl" on page 2. Hyde Park Tramway Company businesslike and hopeful. Adversity seems to agree splendidly with some people. The artillery at Bhot and shell at Dry Creek to-day.. TheCrumbman joins in wishing Miss Hilliat every success. Australia's soldiers and cricketers adored at home just now. The Queen of Song straolc a chord In Aboriginal's heart. Mr. W. H. Jade at the Adelaide Town Hail to-morrow night. Australia beat Lancashire by an innings and 14 runB. Hurrah ! Lorna, My Cripple Ward"—the new staiy in Monday's Journal. Miss Hillier, the promising musical composer, is only 16 years of age. " Japhet in search of a Father" repeated at the spiritualistic circles. Madame Sterling sings Scotch songs with a North of Ireland accent. Special devotional meeting at Y.M.C.A. at 7,30 to-morrow morning. Mr. Henry Soott says he has lost £^0,000 an sheepfarming since 1863. Perhaps the President of the W.C.T.U. would like to be a martyr. Mr. Gollin'e Japanese correspondent Taitf Hirohara, in evidence again. Madame Sterling is determined to think wi are all very good and happy. The Hyde Park Tramway Company's de> posit escaped the crisis. Only fools who can't read the signs of the times would despise the W.C.T.U. 1 - '" j It is said that the Steens don't give tin spirits a ghost of a show. Shame. Mrs. A. R. Nioholls thinks the W.G.T.U. " very much despised"—no, sorely. Son rose .at 6.68 a.m.; sets at 4.65 p.Sfc Moon set at 3*31 a.xn.; rises at 2.58 p.m. Katauyah, according to Hugh Kalyptas, it the native name for the eldest daughter. Two years' hard labour and 25 lashes for a| old scoundrel of a schoolmaster at Albany. More about the Tantanoola tiger in 4hi Echoes.' _By_ the jray. what does TaotanooU mean?. " The poor spirits not only forget their names, but are apt to lose all knowledge of Xdndky Murray. Dr. Emily B. Ryder will lecture anoe more in Adelaide, assisted by 150 persons in Oriental oostnme. Miss May Habgood win render two ot her choice pianoforte numbers at the Town HaQ this evening. Those who thought they were going to hear Madame Sterling gratis were disappointed^ and justly so. Miss Hall's doleful monotone doesn't aspst the idea that the spirits who speak through has are very gay. Bridget O'Holaghan Lagoon or Mrs. Maria Spriggins Range would be rather a moutf eays the Echoes' man." "The Lost Chord" for the' last tube by Madame Sterling with accompaniments by Messrs. Jude and Stevens. Complimentary tribute rendered to Mr. 0. J. Stevens for his exoellent 'aooompaaimsnts at all the Sterling Concerts. . Mr. Todd's forecast for to-day :—Greneially unsettled, with rain; thundery in, plaoes. Variable and northerly winds. Three Premiers talking over reconstructing Banks, and probably will hare a few wards about reconstructing Cabinets. A saving made on horsefeed by tbe Hyde Park Tramway Company, bat it is to be hoped that the equities will not be sufferers. That there are peyoholqgioal phenomena which are it present beyond onr power of rational explanation every candid" mind must admit. In the lapse of years nobody will know who were the ladies Alice Hill and Elizabeth Plain have been named after, eays Hugh Kalyptua, Bpeakipg of colonial nomenclature. Messrs. O. J. Stevens and P. A. Hbwells • brought out the great artist, Madame Sterling. Mr. T. Hudson was engaged as Manager, and has now an interest in the venton. To-dey'e football matches—Norwood Adelaide (Adelaide Oval); Port Adelaide r. North Adelaide (Alberton Oval}; Easendon w. Collingwood; Fitzroy v. Port Melbourne; Geelong v. Melbourne; Carlton v. St. KiMa; i South Melbourne v. Footscray; Richmond v. Williamstown. FAX.—That very persevering antiquarian Grumbsman of ours has just dug np from the exhaustless mine of the past the following rel» dated 1609=—"As wee were but asking tha question, steps me from over the way (overlistning -us) a news' searcher, viz., a barber; hee, hoping to attaine some discourse forms next patient, left his baner of basons swinging in the ayre, and closely eave-drops onr«onference. The .saucie, tteble-toogud Jcnaw would insert somewhat of his knowleajge (treble tongu'd I call him, and thus proves; hee has a reasonable mother-tonger, to barftersurgion's tongue, and a two of his fingers, and from thenoe proceeds his wit and ;tis a snapping ^ wit too.) • Well, Sir, hee (beforehee was »»kt*he question) told us that the Wambipg Boight (konsier L'Argent) sure was not fane off;for on Saturday night he was fame to watch tUV morning to trim some of his followers and its morning they went away from him betames. Hee swore hee never dos'd his eyes till hee oame to Church, and then hee slept all sermon time; but certainly hee is not fane afore, and at yonder taverne (showing us the busb) I doe imagine hee has tane a chamber." That; P.A.C. of ours says that the original of thfa ' fnnny fragment is in blaok letter and that he' suspects the author to have been William; Rowley, the author of "The Witch of Edmonton" and other dramas, as it bears tbe - signature W. R. 