The Doctor's Step-daughters. By C. Stafford, CIIHAPTER II.- (CONTINUED.) The rain was beating also on the winm dow of the consulting-room, tmaking Clinton's dark face turn in that direction for a moment. The doctor, with his hands clasped behind, and swaying from heel to toe, and front toe to heel, as he talked, was standing before Clinton, lo serving, didactically, as he lookdd up at his friend, " My dear fellow, I own she is a nice child, but she is nothing else yet, in spite of her twenty-one years. Her refusal isn't worth two thoughts. Besides, man, she nas a consiumptive tendency. I aum by iao means sure about her chest, and you dolln't want a sickly wife-you've had your share of nursing with your mlother. Look at the matter with a clear laed,. Clinton. She's a nice girl,hut she's :not the safest investment possible as a wife." Whatever sort of head Clinton faced the affair with, lie said nothing: he was ,lot a man, at any time, given to lengthy explanations. He was a tall man, with a deep, pleasant voice, who did not find ,oo much space in the small room for his large, easy way of pmoving. He half I let drop and then caught again a stick he carried, made a sign in the direction of the upper part of the house, and astked, " Will she be at the Lavingtons' to-night?" The doctor expressed himself incom petent to give a reliable answser. " All right," said Clinton, putting his long legs in motion towards the door. " You won't comlle uip, and--lulm-face '- out?" said the doctor. SNo," said Clinton, shortly, as he carried himself out. "Ta-ta, Morris; glad you've crossed the Rubicon with her. on your own account. Bad ten minutes. ch ?" The doctor gave an indescribable sound in reply, Clinton passed out into the street, and the doctor turned into c his own premises again. Tie rain had stopped, and Clinton crossed the road under the arch of ai beautiful rainbow. He looked up at it, and saw four girls at the window above also looking up at it. His dark eyes : instantly singled out one face in the group. As if by sonice electric influence I Tina lowered her eyes at that moment, I and met the glance, a flash of regretful r meaning in it, managing to make itself understood by her. Clinton raised his I hat and passed on. Tina turned rosy t red. Fnrances put her lips close to Tina's ( ear, whispering, " You do care for him." Tina shook her head and turned away. "I want a cup of tea-tea, not tannin, you know; it nmustn't stand more than two minutes. I went into the drawing room, but found no one there." It was c the doctor who was speaking, coming in smiling and dapper. Whatever was his anger when he left Tina, there were no g s;gns of it now, as he perched himself on a sealing-wax red milking-stool in t the ncighbourhood of a stand on which t was cake, &c.;, and began to help him self. Therewas aprettylittlescuffeamongst the girle,allwanting to serve hint at once. "Light the lamp under the kettle. Where's the teapot? Susan brought up the blue one with the tea ready in it." The doctor sat serene, in the middle of the imlle. Tina was the only girl who did nothing, though the doctor nodded to her in an exasperatingly friendly manner. The commotion had raised Jack's spirits to such an extent that straight way, if anybody else's voice was to be heard, it was necessary that Jack should be submitted to the discipline of having a dark cloth thrown over his cage, and Tina occupied herself with this act of public benevolence. "Are you going with me to the Lavingtons' to-night, or have I to carry your excuses?" asked the doctor, looking across at her agahsL 'aiow can I?" she asked, looking shyly round, "like this?" Tina's habit of violent crying, when the world was not going yell, with its subsequent result of change in her ap pearance, was well known in the house hold. The doctor looked at her criti cally, but chose to view the case favour ably, and as no emergency was ever Imown in which he did not suggest some thing, he now said, "Possibly a little rose-water, cold bathing, and judicious powdering might--" He did not linishl, but raised his eyebrows in good .atured, silent questioning as to what she thought of his recipe. "I should, perhaps, begin crying %gain if I went." There was a chorus of impatient "Oh's !" from the others. The doctor felt, from something in the air, that he was not, as lie pt it, " going to have any trouble with the rest; "'and,perhaps, in proportion, experienced all the more annoyance with the member of his ",rily who was neither entertained bIy, or at present entertaining to, any lody." Then I will certainly take care you are not my fellow-guest," lie said, slharply, in a tone which brought a rcminiscence of the scene downstairs. Tina was tired and unnerved. In tile honr which had elapsed between the un .x<petcd conversation in which site hlad heard that Edmund Clinton proposed to malry hlier, and that her step-father proposed to m:arry the one girl in the whole town with whom shite was on strained relations (above all tlhins, so it please you, over some dispute in con. eictioin with along-past church butzas), she had cried bitterly--so bitterly that cite was perfectly exhausted. Fi-anes, vwho badbeen out shloppinghad happened to come to Tina's room, and had found her there actively employed in making herself ill-and a fright. Frances. after having had the whole story sobbed out to her, had brought Tina downstairs to have her nerves mended by a cup of strong tea. Tile doctor, unfortunately, had come before the cure was complete, Tina broke down again, clasping her nmall hands tragically, and tui- ing hlier estratming face towards him, she asked niildly, '" What am I to do ? " The doctor had, as has been observed, a temper somewhere, tlhough it came sturprisingly little to the surface. It now launched itself before the public for the second time that day. He took lhold of the scarlet legs of the milking-stool as he sat on it, leaning well forwaird, with Iris tea-cup, by its own unaided exertions, maintain ing a not verT secure halance at tile end af one knee, while he slowly dropped out these words, with a distinctness which seemed to add to their semi-brutality: *"That is your affair. You say .you are old enough to decide what you won'tdo, t~herefore you are old eolgh, Ia should argue, to "snaie up your mind it. regard to what you will do. Put an advertisement in some paper for a post as governeas-that is what I should advise. Some position in sonme household will turn up for you, no doubt." It was like a bombshell dropped in the place. The doctor's quick cars cauliht live several gasps, and lie himself brought his speech to aclose with a sixth To say the least of it, any apartmcnt in his house would, at that moment, have been a more agreeable spot to him than the one he was now in. Out of the tail of his eye he saw the four girls he was not immediately addressing interchange a sort of "Can I believe my ears?" glance, and Frances and the Chinee at once proceed to fold themselves, as it were, round the irritatingly hysterical person to whom he had spoken. If that gimcrack stool under him could at a thought have been turned into awitch's broomstick, the chimney would certainly have bemn in request as an outlet for an injured step-father. Matters at this point, however, were made a little better by Frances's turning her bead round and observing, in a loud whisper: " We none of us are liking it; but if you will let us be, we shall all come round. We will all try to do right." "Shc's not trying to do right,"said the doctor, not able to dispose of his feeling of having been dealt with unjustly at a moment's notice. "Ilerbertina has shown a miserable amount of lit-" "Littleness " was the word his short peroration had been meant to end with, but Frances startled him from finishing it by a shrill "Give over!" finishing her command by, "and be pleasant." The doctor was tickled-so much so, that lie involuntarily obeyed by throw-. ing his head back with a hearty laugh t laugh in which his ears told him five listinct giggles joined. One even from the cause of the disturbance, who, )wing to the other girls stepping back, was revealed with a rather damp hand cerchief held to her eyes, while the mouth beneath bad a three-cornered smile of fun. "I say, Chline,"-the doctor changed the subject-" what a smell of paint there is in this roomi. You've been what you call ' Aspinailing ' something tgain." "It is only this," returne:d that young lady, apologetically, exhibiting an ivory rwhite paper-basket, not yet dry from ,ts last coat of Aspinall's enamel. "I um going to put a rose-co!oured silk bag an it, with ivory-white and ro:c-colour strings to draw up, and it will be lovely for the bazaar for the new mission-room an Carrington Bridge." Bazaars, unfortunately, were not just then a safe topic; and. as it occured to the doctor that he might, perhaps, now retire gracefully without the aid of the wished-for broomstick, le emptied his tea.cup, looked at his watch, and re marked: "I have to call on another patient before my dinner-party. What do you say to driving with me, Chinee, sld lady ?" CnIAPTEE III.--WANTED, A SITUATION. By the time that the doctor started for the Lavingtons, Tina, in the bosom of such family as she possessed, was commencing operations in connection with advertising for a situation as a governess. The girls had betaken them selves to the drawing- room, by this I time, and when the doctor looked in there to say, jauntily, that he was "going," it struck Frances that he was carrying out her instructions to be pleasant with painful thoroughness. Tina was seated at a quiaint in laid writing - table, which, some how, in its severe daintiness of line, seemed to resemble herself. From the garden, after the summer rain, there was positively pouring into the room the fragrance of mignonette, honey suckle, and the strong spiced scent of carly-blooming tobacco-plants, which AMr. Hanson, the doctor's young assist ant, had "gone in for" in a bed imme diately beneath the open drawing-room window. When the carriage-wheels of the exasperatingly smiling doctor had trundled up the street out of hearing, Tinu began in a semil-angular hand writing, very much lying on its back, " ior insertion in 'ie il'eckly Chronicle," adding the date of the next appearance of the Tory paper in their countrytown. She conumenced proceedings just as she had done more than once when advertising for a cook or a housemaid to the doctor's household, only in this instance she used i sheet of her very hest notepaper; that much she felt due to herself. After this, with a beautifal calisraphy, the precision of which also offered her some mysterious comfort, she wrote: yAN'TED, a Situation as She had got so far when Frances looked over her shoulder and arrested herhand. Frances always was incorri gible in the way of interfering. "That's not it," said Frances. "I've been looking it up, and I see that's not the newspaper way of wording it. They have a heading 'SITUATIONS WANTED,' and thcn in the column below' Gover ness requires Situation,' so on, and so on. I've been inspecting the advertising sheet of 2'he Christian ll'orld." "That was very good of you, Frances," said Tinsa, slightly sardonically, rather resenting the excessively prompt and business- like way in which Frances had risen to the occasion on her-Tina's account. "Perhaps if you would think instead of look, you wouId see that I couldn't, with strict velracity, advertise myself as a governess until I've been one. CouldI?" Frances had a lhabit of becoming momentarily deaf, when any remark was made calculated to interrupt the stream, or alter the course of a flow of eloquence which she had started. She went on with immovable countenance belhind the ostentatiously spread out Christias Il orld. "Hereis one. This is how it reads. TOUNG French Protestant LADY (brilliant 3I- sfeshn), eertiticntedl, lHimburc, sad speaking French ant Eneglhhf , desires RIEEN. GAGEO1ENT. "Then comes another: OVERNESS seeks RIE.ENGAGEIENTin a school. Englisli, music, singing, snd blr. "Then there's another: A OVERNESS in a family, b Young L?ady (0). Certificated. Enslish, French, music. dnrawsug, an needlework. i, Then there's--oh, no,Iam looking at the wrong column, somebody wants he'- fAMILY GOVE RNESS WANTED (near Crys i al Palace). Thorosugh English, Freueh, and German, lsuic (Theory), Drawing and iPainting. " That is how it reads," went on SIFrances, calmly proceeding in a kind of blank.verso rhlythm of tone which would lhave been effective at a penny-.read Sing. S 5 GOVERNESS. Ten years' experience in Highehoel. Engilsh, Frencb, math., drill. isneedles: "Cracious;!" came a toice from a despondent-looking being seated on a hassolk, with her "hands clasped roundl hI.r knees, staring sysmpathetically with hlle family grey eyes at :an equally des ipoudent-looking 5ina. "' Gracious! yout don't nccd to be such a miountain of accomplishments as all that, do you ?" Banigles'--th dispirited speaker's ,oice was the voz populi of that meeting The thought expressed by poor Bangles had been occupying everybody con. cerned. "No governess in this house- that ever we had, I mean-was that kind of person," Bangles added, before relapsing into humiliated silence. Frances lowered the paper so as to show a curling fringe of hair, two straight eyebrows, and a pair of flashing eyes looking over at the low-spirited group. "Ah, there it is," she said, " nobody's to blame; but, you know, we never had good teaching. When poor mamma died, the doctor was so young that, for appearances' sake, our gover nesses were nice, elderly, mnnch-behind. the-time individuals. The doctor's way. too, of testing their suitability was always to ask them to 'play someting,' don't you recollect? and Ice know whether he was qualified to judge even of that accosmplishment." Various smiles flitted over the faces of the ladies of the doleful couutenances. The doctor had once publicly made a remark which revealed the fatct that lihe had mistaken the air and time of " The Campbells are Coini?g" for the tune with which the words of "'Jerusalem, the Golden" are usually linked. "But what do you say to this? " added Frances, with a change of tone, and an air of having reserved the best information to th: last, as her face was I again obscured behind the paper. WTANTED, s young lady os Companion Oover. ness for a little girl. Pleasant home. P. W., The Rsosaries, Whitehampton, .ereford The Chinee was the one who took upon herself to answer. She had her "pig tail" drawn under one arm, and, with the waving unplaited quarter-of-a-yard at the end, was gently flogging the top rail of a chair, on which she was kneel ing with her facetowardsthe back. "If Mrs. Van Wrexham didn't live next door," she s:aid. pitching high her girlish voice, "I should think, perhaps, she had gone to live at the Rosaries." (Mrs. Van Wrexham was a person possessed by a perpetually expressed desire not to hurt anybody's feelings.) "It is the sort of thing she would say," finished Chince, "if she wanted an upper Inurse.." T'ina's face, which had brightened, lengthened again. If Mrs. Van Wrex ham was altogether sentimental Tina was three-quarters so; the remaining quarter of her composition was practi cality itself; but quality, however superfine, has, when opposed to so much quantity, to take a back seat. That tricksy magician, Imagination, had managed, in the second's pause, to call up before the three- quarters' proportion of that vitalised atom of the universe, figuring under the name of Tina West, a vision of Tina West herself, in her best whitefrock, meanderinggracefullyinand out of a sort of labyrinth or maze of rose trees (standards, we may mention),lead ing by the hand an angelic child. The rose garden, Imagination said, would adjoin the grounds of an ancient nunnery, where in the moonlight Tina might wander (still in her white frock), her hands filled with roses, and her eyes upraised to the moon (presumably the little girl had been put to bed), and meet the ghosts of pale nuns, also in white robes, pacing with silent tread the ruined aisles of their old home The honeysuckle, mignonette, and tobacco-plants had been the faithful henchmen of Imagination here. The strong, pleasant scents had thrown an amount of dreaminess into the air which it did the girls some credit to have yielded to so little. Perhaps the fact that both Frances and Chinee had slight colds had something to do with their superior behaviour. thinee's observation appealed so keenly to thie remaining quarter of Tina's composition that she experienced a most painful revulsion of feeling. "Even if it was really a governess who was wanted at the Rosaries," she said, with a new sense of enlightenment upon the ques. tion of herself, "'I should never teach well. I never could teach Chinee when I used to try." " Perhaps that was my fault," Chinee consoled her. "No, it wasn't," said Tina; and China- knew, in her heart, that the answer was just. "'Do you know, I believe I could teach," broke in Frances, confidentially. '" Whatever I do know, I want other peo ple to know; and 1 usually manage to make them see things. That's what the doctor calls my ' bothering propensity.' I can't rest without trying to make them see things." "No, you can't," assented everybody, with not altogether pleasant meaning. "It is a pity you weren't the one to get wrong with Miss Lavington,", said Excelsior. "What does it matter about that ?" said Frances, with a seeming vagueness which turned out to be only seeming later: 'Housekeeping is my strongest point," observed Tina, humbly, as she still sat at h-r deskl; nibbling the end of her penholder, and looking tragically hopeless. Good.-night, dear love, God keep thee in His care, Clinton was singing at that moment in the Lavingtons' drawing-room, with this hopeless-looking person in his thoughts. My hands are claspel, my knees are bowed in prayer, (So they were, figuratively) For thee, dear love. God keep thee in His care. Good- night, dear love. To cn CoS-cxED 