PORT MELBOURNE v. RICHMOND. Having successfully laid tho ghost of internal dissension which during the last few weeks has been destructive of equanimity and cohesion amongst tbo players, tho Port Melbourno team on Saturday gavo an exhibition of tlie superior prowess which ought always to ho theirs when they dwelh together in unity. A slinking of hands ail round, tlie decent burial of tlio hatchet of griovauee, and an encourag ing speech from the captain just before taking the field, pufc the Ports iu good heart, and from the outset it was clear that each player was doing his level best for the honor of tho club, and that the Rich- inondites wouhl havo to work pretty hard if they had set their minds on winning, as no doubt they had. The Ports played a grand game throughout, and it is doubtful whether liner goal kicking lias ever been witnessed than that mani fested by Fraser on Saturday. To obtain 8 gonls out of a total of 11 is a feat which is not often accomplished even in these davs of careful training uml perfectibility of aim on tho part of "goal sneaks." And what renders tho feat all tho nioro creditable is the fact that most of the goals wero obtained from awkward angles and on a slippery ground with a greasy ball. Tlio "barrackers" of the Ports' team foregathered in strong force, and tho unexpected form displayed by their favorites sent them into tho seventh heaven of delight, the reins of their exuberant enthusiasm being particularly loosened in tlie second quarter, when Port Melbourne scored five goals to their opponents' ni>. Indeed they were so pleased with their hero. Fraser, that thoy could not refrain from carrying him shoulder high off the field. Smith and O Connor were the chief absentees from the winning team, wliilo Richmond placed a strong twenty in the field. Tho spin of tho coin resulted in favor of tho Ports, who first attacked tho river goal. They had tno best of the opening exchanges, and Sharp to eraser gavo tho latter an opening, which, however, produced only a behind. Curric to Graham, and then a froo kick to Cornelius went behind. 'Still having the best of it Fraser marked from Sharp, ami tlio first goal resulted to tlie local team after a few minutes play. Retaliating, M'Kay ami Julius got tho ball well down for Richmond, ami Cornigo essayed a running shot which just missed its mark. Not many minutes had elapsud, however, beforo Sparrow placed his side on equal terms with a drop kick goal. A little later tlie samo player came very near adding a second pomt,andthen M'Kay marked from O'Meara nfc.an angle, the ball hitting the post and bounding through. Still keeping up the pressure Williams! Julius, Sparrow, Cornigo and Price, each in turn, marked in the vicinity of tho homo goal, but failed to obtain tho major point. After a littlo even play Bennett got possession, and witli the aid of Morton and Cornelius worked the ball well down on the Richmond goal. Then Fraser made a grand nni through the opposing backs and kicked a splendill goal for the Ports, amidst much cheoring. quarter time. Port Melbourne .. 2 goal 2 behinds. Riclimoud .. ..1 goals 4 behinds. Encouraged by thoir succesv, the Ports assumed the aggresdvo on restarting, and within a few minutes Grahnui obtained a beautiful mark. Owing liowuver, to his leg giving out he was unable to kick, so bouncing the ball M'Murray took it and punted a clear goal. Still making the game hot for tlio visitors, Cornelius got a freo kick for the Port team. Instead of taking advantage of it lio bounced and marked to Fraser, wiio, amidst great choering, placed fourtli goal to the credit of the local team. After some give and take play, in which litzpatHek distinguished himself by a grand run on tlie right wing. Sparrow marked for Rich mond and narrowly misiml gottiue a goal, the ball hitting thu post. Returning to the attack thu Torts again mado matters lively for their opponents, and Archer got an easy shot, which, however, was touched on its way through tho goal. Fraser also made an unsuccessful shot, but almost immediately after ho atoned for this by lauding the ball homo beautifully from a long straight kick. Sparrow relieved for tho visitors; hut Uo found his match in Wills, who, worki»« in- dofatigahly, ran tho ball well down. Then Fraser onco more distinguished himself by placing a sixth goal to his side's account, and nob a minute had elapseo beforo lie repeated his grand performance, both points being obtained from a difficult angle. This excellent performance sent the local ' barrackers " into a perfect frenzy of onthustasm, and when tho half time bell ran" Fraser was carried off the field. half time. Port Melbourne . . . . 7 goals 4 bohinds. Richmond .. .. 1 goal 6 behinds. After the interval tho gamo was of a moro even character for sometime, Richmond, if- anything having slightly the best of it. At length Fraser marked, but mi this occasion without success. Changing the scene of attack MKav to O'Meara to Price resulted in a behind for thu visiting team. Back again went the hall to the other end; and niter a hot ns.sault Graham got a freo kick a few yards to tho right of the goal, and managed to register an eighth point for tho Ports. 1' or the remainder of this quarter the encounter was carried on in neutral territory. Tho following being tlio state of tlio game at three-quarter time. Pnrb Malbouruo .. 8 goals 5 behind. Richmond .. 1 goal 7 behiiuls. The visitorsjwentito tbo fore at tho commencement of tho last quarter and notched a behind. Then tho Ports had a look in, aiul Fraser marked twice in suc cession, but failed at both attempts. A mark by Graham kept tho ball well in thu neighborhood of the Richmond sticks, and Fraser picking up thu leather witlun a yard of tho goal onco more puts on the finishing touch. Not content with this success he marked immediately afterwards, with what soenied to bo tho inevitable result, riz„ a tenth goal. The spectators shouted themselves hoarse ab tins magnificent exhibition of kicking, hub tho scoring was not finished yet, as SUnnis kicked a grand goal uml gave thu onlookers further cause for rejoicing. Just to wards the finish Richmond rallied, and Cornigo managed to get tlie ball home. Uio play for tue last few miuutes was ot a desultory character, and when the hell raog tlie following were the total scores. Port Melbourne .. .. 11 goals 7 behinds. Richmond 2 goals 8 behinds. GOAL KICKERS. Port Melbourne: Fraser (8), M'Murray, Graham and Himms. Richmond : 'Sparrow and Cornfgo, FIELD UMPIRE, Schaofer. 