WAS IT A GHOST THFY SAW i MES H. H. JENNINGS lives at No. 211 Main-street, Bridgeport, and MIES Minnie Parrot boards with her. The honse is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December, 1S91, the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of thun in a second. Kight in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was coucealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eyeholes in it. His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming frnm the room, and when Mr Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour, and all the * doore and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw ? "During a recent period of ill health, writes an American friend, "I had &iept; badly for several successive nights On t*_ 3 fourth of these nights, about two o'clock^ f was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed like the calling of my tuzme and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just a& she looked five years before, as she was It-aving home to go on a journey, on which journey sbe w as killed in a railw y disaster. I screamed and faint-d. I wao foolish enough to tell of ir, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and would never get ivell. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that vision came from my weak nerves, for Fve never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now.'' Ko doubt at was thenerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will plav off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1S90, it was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darracott Hoad, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:—"I was so dreadfully TLCTVOUS I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I shonld call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt very little the better lor having gone to bed. There was often a severe pun in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My •kin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By^and-bye I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing bnt skin and bone. - My memory completely failed. My head ached co dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day HIE West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once jnet as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. Ae she seemed tohave eo much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to fralk across the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Aow I am as veil as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prog, tration. Th« original cause .nas prief fnd shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had driven new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be yonr opinion of the ttrxdgeport ghost, j£ remains true that most uncanny visions and .sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by jndigestaon and -dyspepsia, Ghoshs come from *Łe inside of the person who sees them,- nod- when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its' -.wrkłłie eyes and ear* entertain only what isnstonlńdwholeeonie. 