Country Correapondence. ESK. (raM OCUl OWN. O01flKO?PONDZNr.J Sinlce my last letter, the measles hate made their appearance and dieappearasce ?te ovr little township. The person attacked was a young man of abont twenty-eight years of age- this being the only case in the townehip--bot several other cases are reported from between here and I'tauango. Daring the last week or so the abouigissls have been ntisstering here in great force. About three weeks ags Kitty ldarkwell gave op the ghost ozo the roadside, and the blacks mcenttoned above are here to celebrate the event, some thirty or forty males and females making the .hills resound with their death songs. A number st residents have visited then, during the ceol of the eveningo, to bear them corrobboree. Yeeterday being the Prince of Wales's B irthday, the English Church people cnele brated the day by holding their annirersary picnio. Ties day towned out heantifully floe, but rather warm for pienicieg. The ettend ance was not so large as wan expected, only' about 300 persons being present, while pmo v ision had been made fsr 700. Nnmerons games were indulged in by both old end young \--cricket, rounders, and even football torsming part of the programme. The ladies in connec tion with the Church were very attentive at ftsl tebles ereted under a large canvas tent far the convenience of the adults, the younger ones sitting oat nunder the shade of the trees. Dancing on the grass was enjoyed by many, to the music of the aceordeon, nothing occur ring to sear the day's pleasure. In ohs evening abent eighteen coueples aesesemhed in the Odd fellows' Hall, and indulged is the light ftnstas tic till midnight. The art onion drawing is eonnecution with the Upper Brisbane Hirer Turf Club took plaee, of the Central Hoted, last night, the win ners, with the exception of a tow, not yet being known. One price-an ellotment of land -tell to filee 1st ot Mr. W. Pero, the railway ganger on the Eok leegth. (The winning nombers appeor is our adlcertising colonens this mocroiog.--Eo. Q 7.) Novemleer 10. 