THE STORY •""oS? ..''' L " A N D R E W F A I R F A X , HOOK II. JBEL'AEISA, 1'OB .HIP WO EE.- - CHAP1EH VIII. ." FAB .i'EOM.irjIB .MADDING -CROWD.' " Dear tovely bowers of inriocence-and.ease, Seats ofcmy yc'Utli/wlien every siica-t,could • please! '•'' • How often, have 1 loitered o'er thy green, Where humble-happiness ehdearedfeach scene! ,, , - > How often have tpaksed.oii^very chaiM^ The sheltered cot, the cultivated farm. The neverffalling bro6t,^he busy lnillj" i '•}• The defl'eiii cl&rch; tEat topped^the neigh" b'ringhillj The hawthorn bush, with seats beneath the shade, For talking- -age, and .whisp'rmgvlovers made." The next day Andrew found hjs way to Mr Adolphus Vellum " 1 am come to tell you that 1 shall not be able to write any more tor .you," he said _ , i j " Why, what's the row now i" asked-Mr Vellum. "There is no row," replied Andrew "1 have simply come to tell you 1 must cease to begone o£ your-eontaijutots " ' .MrVeHumturnedhis-chairarouiid. " 1 know what it is," he said " You tlurik lyoujiare underpaad.;iBo you are. • 1 was saying to mysefi:. lasE mghtj says I, ' Young Fairfax:.® ability-has not oeen re?: cognised. EWrpence-a pageis not enough, for him. - I'll put on anoiher penny." Andrew could scarcely keep from laughing. " I believe in paying men," continued Mr Vellum;-" and although a penny :.a page'll make a difference to the profits, I'll do it 1 want to recognise your ability, Fairlax. A penny a page llmeaneighteenpence a day,to you.nme shillings a week/ orirfi you ;work< on 'Sunday Si ten and vsix- . psnce' " 1 assure you that has no weight with ine.:whatever/'. said. Andrew: ; f( my mind is " " Gome, now, 111 put on another ha p'ny. I've never done it before for so young a hand ;-but^ou-ve got promise, and 1 i-want tohrmgyou out Theies no reason but what^-if you'll stick to me, of course—you may befcome as popular as even the author of 'lhe Battle ivitk a Ghost. Of course you must not expect it all at once, but it 11 come I'll be the making of you, 1 will, and 1 "—here Mr V-ellum became confiden tial-rr-^'Ttoi thmlcing-of starting a new. firm of'publishers; vand'you mightrr-1-don-t say you will, because such a thing only happens' to the few—but 1 might make you' an •editor in time, and then you'll have an office of your own, like me," and he swelled withthedignity of.liis.office and the greatness of his office " Nosaid Andrew, "my mmd is made up," "Then youve been bought up/' cried: Mr Vellum " I've brought you out, and now the editor x>£» tuppeny, or threpeny, who can aiford it have seen your stuff, and have bought you over. It's a mean, dirty shame; ; -Where would you have bin, but forme ? Who know'd you? Nobody but Pmns. And now when.you are gettin'useful, you thron up the sponge, and coollj walk away. It's a hard bio v. l J \eagood mm d never to bring another man-out- it, gives no encouragement to a a ai of letters iike me to 'tncourage-sueh tyros as you. Gome, now,-what do you-want i-Sow mucin ao you-want, me to give ?" "You quite mistake me," said Andrew..;. " 1 am not going to write for anothei editrar, at any rate, tor a long time: I'm leaving London.' " Leavm'-London 1'- Mr Vellum generally got wrong m his-pronunciation when h« became- excited. " Leavm' London ! Why,'you. must be mad! Just as your career wasopenin' up. • Just ween J could do something for you. Why, man, in time you could make as Imuoh as three i>ound ten a week; and oe as widely known as Deadwood Dick.' " Nevertheless, I am going to leave London/' " Where are you. gomg ?" • Into the country." ' Hut not for loDg '• For a year at least." Hr Vellum luoked at him steadily, as .though he doubted his senses " • • "Leave London, when he's got such chances.!' Jie said slowly; " give up a reputation which he might make almost equal to my own; give up theidea -ofbeiii" admitted-into the 'Daring Dick Club'— well, 1 m Mowed! If s enough to riiake a man forget his grandmother"; 'and Mr Vellum looked out of the hole in the box as tnough he had at last seen a miracle- Andrew found- his -way back to the den in which he bad lived for several months, but? which he was~now about to vacate- >He had said -• good-bye " to Mr PinjUB, and bcyond'hnn there was no , one who cared what became of him j at least,, so he believed. " Bless yer," said the landlady; to whom lie said, good-bye, "I shall,.soon, see herfcack again. A young gent like you can't Jive m the country. What you want is a mother, sir, and thai you'll never git in the country. You'll soon -feel.the want o'-me, sir. When you are tired ov a night, you 11 say, i* I wish Mrs Liggins was, 'ere/ that you will. And, «ir,.l shall surely miss you>; that i shall" There was no doubt that HrsLiggme would BUSS Andrew, in more ways than" one. Indeed.:.there -were many ways'mwhich she interested herself'in ! ;hiin- Aildrew seldom had tea but once a day, but >Irs Ligginsvalways-assuredilum', that heused more than half a pound a-vreoks/ l hen' she assured him that he ate five poucds of bacon every: week, although he only had two ,small ,shses-- each-morning.. Besides thiBjvMrs iiiggins (had, a remarkable thief at a cat. Sometimes Andrew would treat h unself to a pork pie; or. some.sueh luxury, d tyig oidy-arpartwf it at onemeal, however -ileav-ing .'.the. Temamder tor another time J>ut whenever he enquired after it, he %> as asscured 'that,the. eat had taken it, togeu ler witK ppme -wonderfully valuable attieli • belonging to Mrs Liggins It was a remarkable cat Half a chicken was no thmgfcofhito;:and,wjiatwa6inorewondertul sulil^Sie. was as -lean, ,-aa a cat' could be. An ordlm&ry; observe'r itpvId have said that the cau- wasistarvedjibiltSUisiiigginBiwould: take a solemn oath'-ibetore Mr Eairfax and a whole ^Sneh of^magistratesithat'. " fehah eat niolfe'na Sn.|Bariwim's dog a terrible •deal; and wag enough to drag a poor woman , to the'grave," ,so,iOt course, An- •drew eyulS r oiilyvbelieVfi landiwonder. He •Qould not SbSlp giving Mrs Xiiggms a sly iuntj howeverj "by "ray ota rejoinder, that Jie hoped^Shah'"would not ieel liie absence at much as Mrs Juggins did By midday he Had found his way to the v fetation; ,and -was soon rushing through lseaiitituleouiitry,jields andwoodsjitowardE the seene:. ot his ,birthplace; with a.feeling ot-ivonder in Jiis heart What should he do ' What were the hrstBCopEthathe must takeJ.-Ile wasentering upon a . life .ot-.-whieh- he nbEolutely knew ^.ochmg, and he must be careful. At •best, the idea oi his taking this step would %e called Quixotic by .all well balanced minds;,: But he did no^ care tor that ATXRTDGEASTBE:PROCEE(I3^G:WII5,-HEKNE:WLIE was doing right 'ft was true-he .could not sketch out wiy plgn ofcaction^ b" J ' be had .no doubt he: would manage somehow... •: •,.fle,had,:pn:>the,fTe(Mmmendation,o ipjuaig. gpc-a rough suit of cl<tli»s—gnite. it is true, but fi0v«rtheleB6-^ptaljlp foi ^he liic he -sought to lead A p-irt ot his old attaie he had left m ML Pmue's c wbilt"; . he -hadArought^usiienongh|6o.seinj»d'.:iiiiii| ul the Jays when the «Grid was different e Mpi®aS-CroS6,3ieioilna, wafefWHMroadn&cefatmh; It tod bUen^lle^'torg&la; jikJivSf*. f £•*• jf^l » \ .Cross owrng to thevfact that close,by were tour crossways, while on the hedge near -by-was .an ancient cross, supposed to be put-there in aiar-off age, when a convent, by the^name of Morgan Convent, flourished in that part of the country. Andrew was the only, passenger-who alighted there, and he could not help being oppressed by the wondrous stillness - that reigned.; The silence was: 50 great 1 that > it stemed to make a noise, and as after the tram had swept out of sight the porter eame to take his ticket, a sort of awe crept oyer Jhim, for heifelt he was entering, to; himj-au imlaiowh'world.. -' . - ; This jis.^lorgan Gr'6ss.?"i;he said'to the porter. J Tlie porter nodded his head. • *: .'•;There is no inn of' any kind -here?''. % : I-"^<>d:mampubHc- ouze ?. ,'• '. " Which is the nearest ?" «. "PPlieEe',s. wawn, the. 0=st and,Waggon,, 'bout a 'mile on. , l'lien there's two in St. Naot." ' St. .Neot you meaii ?'' " Tha's wot 1. zed.'' .."How far is it?" • ; Bout vower mile—p'raps ha'at milo mooer." - - > " j'here's no conveyance here ? ' " No. Verrel's van do call wance a week, goln'ta Sti Lerrick,' that's.oal.'? .•: 1 .. , i-;j»wantto go to St. Seotto-night. How Etm I to get my bag there ?"' " Gitn there J Why .car nil youzelf;- Aw' aw 1 aw 1 " "" r 1 •Andrew, found: he had beenwmawng. a mistEtke.? Jf he vrould get onj'Sife must eon-; form to the customs oi the people iiuk-'.ere;&-said^he^rte^ bit o' rope Thei now, zee that - 1 lak: houlds;o':' that - jend, ran' leck un ovver yer enoulder.-. Ther nowy you^-'can-car n.to--ttt: : ' "Naot, now like wmkin' Ci()r; jour ands be fine 1 You never done much m ork, I kn'aW; You ca ant miss the way. 1 here's telegraph poasts all the way to St Kaot teood-mght ' [Andrew's first impulse was to put his hinds in his ^pocket to find some-copperb but he reflected that sueh: a- proceeding, .would-.: not do;Accordingly« he itrud ged? along the tpuet lane carrying his bag on his back Only two «r three passed hioi on the way, and they took but lutle notice of him: it' was not uncommon for young .fellows to-be; "seeking advice, most of whom carried their scanty lu^ga^e with them Before lie had gone half-way to St. Neot, night .was upon, him, :but it . was by no means dark; .There was »a«trange . ".harm in everything, too. The: air: was scented: by a thousand'.-flowers,'ithat" 1 :grew -on; thehedgeside;- -while:'ever-.and •-anon -sounds: greeted his eai that made him thmlc of fairyland Sometimes » bird twittered in the J ranches of the trees, and again a : , nisrhtci ow w ould tell out its mournful tale,: seeming ever to be near him, yet all the time fai away -Again the wind would: " play among tbe leafy boughs, while the: little river rippled.its musio over its stony r bed. - Every-prospect: pleases,": thought - Andrew. ; Suj:ely: the people .who livo. here will be^otitented and happy-! -Still——' -. He heard a sobbing noise, and tben a sound of voices "You'll go 'way, Jack, an' ne\ei come 'ome no more,?' ,he heai'd -a girl-s ,voice say: • , " Ho. Jaaney,, i- wan't. 1 ' I onnly want to? go,somewhare,r whare.I c'n git a poimd-ar eek Then -we'll git mairied ' - ^ " But Bill Teague hev .got -marned on less^antaafc; .-He'tTO,only got;teil slii]lin' ! .'j[-: • '."1 fknaw that; buti.the^m!-'starvm*:!:':H<>r' zait'n-tonjeonnly on 'T-uesday -ui^ht..-']£ I'd inawed, 1-wndd'n a got married/-her* zaitii. \\\ hy, tlieyWin debt to the Johnny Fortnight now, and -what they U JIO eum wimer they doan knaw " " But; 3'ack, I-ca'antibear'A '• : >. -.•; "'*Twan-t beslong, Jaaney. Ijier' now; , doatft, ciy." "But, but ' f Andrew felt that" he ougift not to hear; any more, so he gav«;-a--slight-cough, and passed by tbe couple, who«tood by a gateway, evidently belonging.etossome farmhouse near, 'ihe eveningavas;as beautiful as ever. The bu'ds-still-'-gavemn,Joceasional .chirp .as .they '.nestled?,on;thestwigsf this nightcrow;- still chattel-ed;iithe> wind Stllf placed With leal und flower, the air was' still laden v itli J -perfume, slid yet all w is difterent. lhe young girls tears haa made everything alfi^ieut The old story of sadness and disappomtmfent robbed the? fetill he«tramped=ioniiQitiI:he"saw-'a grey old tower lift Its he^d into the and presently two or three tiny lights flickered : Th's will be St, NcoM «xpectr;^'Jie said 5 " aud,here».I:mu8t manage to sfcay.4or .-the night : iiis lieart beat-rather quickly,ifor every-v. thiDL, was stiang® He tad'never been in the countiy alone Jjetorfc, imd iow the sense of desolation wa heavy upon him JPassmgyby .the churchyard gates he caught - siaht-of-a group •bt-youtbS tolling about'. who, when they SOT him, stood and gaped as though he were a curiosity. Who's that •"' said one Dunaaw," replied another, "never 1'eeavore. Tall chap, ed'na ? ' - J'm ajom.' ,±o.- zee :wher'-^a's -gom'/'-'said^a':, third, and then all the group started to; follow Andrew. - Evidently a new face was a wonder to - them, especially, if lie. were • a • -Mtle.ont of , the common. Evidently-they had nothing to do, and nowhere to goj so they .hid grouped themselves together m order : to,find something to interest them-'- The young man turned' around on them. " lhere's. a public-house : here; is there not •"' : " There's two." ' , r Which is the best J " "Best ! Why, tber a no difference m 'em. Lan'lord Tommus do kip wawn,-andl!ill Best th' other. There, tha'6 the <3ucen'e E<id" i ; Open mouthedtheyfolio wed liimuntil he enteredm, taentwo or three had the'bolflj; ness. .to- :.±oilow. vlProbably.:: tiie --bola; ones had a coppei or two, and so could diink j the others,, having no money, tv ould not dare to enter He found his way mto thetap-room, and ; saw the landlord J • Can I have a bed here to-night •"' he-- said rhe landlord looked at him as if unable" to make him out The lough clothes which Andiew-wore did not at d.11 accoid with his fine face and general appearance "'Who be you f ''he said ' I am-come here to look for work." replied Andrew coloring, "and I want Jto stay hero tor5the,night" t ' Butpou : ba''antnofarmservaiit,be -eef" " So, hut 1 want to be now*" v , ^Ehe landlord eyed him from head' to foot,, is, tnough in gicat djubl lie entlv his:face sftleared; =andhisxeyesibrightene'dv^'' " Ah, you've been~a sodger I spect, and' 1 yertunelenp" Andrew-did.notspeakjbntthelattdlord took his silence for asspnt "•Thot ^o," continued 'the landlord, knowingly, as -though, -he were proud oi his penetration ' Icudisee youiWad'na- .farmlabbut;^Paereided?ee!'Cui)i^iromiiomi''i "London'"-! "•-Wiha's yejyianie,iun i"' "Andrew ]?d5rfax " He thought it best to give his injeuame i; becaaise therebyAe-:TOu34®e'!atile::to»claim a certain friendliness with the people, especially, if people remembered hissfather;?;: • Andrew Fairfax Be yon fiojn -this way, then?" • M father-was ' < Ah*" - J i • He used lo farm aVevatllook'JFjirm Did ou know him '-"' " . ^iKnaxvid wu, i-iliad tSimk. I ded syoUjll vMt tojgo somewjjeie, wont -ce i 1- ardly inaw where to ut*'ee n-witli hd faruiuo, n tue \ alui pi with the Bitsu the ketchen 'father was a fanner, sand you, isam't like thcrest of ittesss ''ID* who had come to fetch beer Tiad heard the landlord's question, and as a consequence they were on the tip-toe of expectation. >A place:jra,smade. for him-on . the .settle when he entered, and he was .greeted with becoming reverence. :ln-a purely agricultural district like St Neot, where there is little or nointercourse with the great towns, a soldier is a great curiosity. On all physical feats he is an .oracle; while for inowledge'tjf the-world he is better than a newspaper. A soldier can manufacture the most unlikely yarns, but the rustics will-listen open-mouthed; and' •thfe more wonderful the - stories, the better •are they-pleased. . A policeman occupies a very high position in -their', esteem, and they eye his cudgel with wondrous reverence ; but a soldier, a man who has handled a sword he is several stages higher than a policeman, especially if he understands the dignity of'his position. . " Whot'll 'ee 'ave to drmk f" asked one, ass Andrew took,bis-seat: f'A bottle of ginger-beer, thankyou.' " Be'ant teetoateller, be'ee " For the present, yes " "Oa, I thot yousodg»is was beggars to diink. Where was'eelast, now 5 " London' " Tha's a long way " Yes, it'- a good wav, but I wnted to come here t get woik, because my father' usfed to have a farm not far f 10m here " l 'Oa" ^ Yes ; the farm-was callfed Treva^loct. My father's name was Andrew Fairfax." " I. knawd nn," Baid an ;old -laboiirer.: Heiarmed.T'revadlock,well,Jieded-„But. Aejdied.early;>poor,jchap.i. iAn'^ou^m the little boy 'ee l e f t ' ; " Yes" ' ' 'f Butpeople zed how that Squire Bernard": dedtake Andrew's e.iiOGld, and 'doptf'd im.' Hedid putmo to school.", ^ ., \- Oa:! X 4hot."sot-mueh.t:' And- jihen when^ you"^r.tbigt;noug"b you went lor a-'sodg:er ? Andrew did not reply, but asked a question instead Who farms Trevadlock Farm now ?' Sim. Gundy; but tes purty fannin' On it." " How far is it from here.-" . '• :..',-; . " Oa,, two mile' and haalf, [ spoase. Tes the nearest farm to Ashwater." What* s Ash water ' i&suwater;:!. JWby,,.that's 1 the-narae-of.; the mansion,; ye',knaw. -Tha's where Mr ^e'rnavd used to come sometimes. He oaned the estate when yer pore faather 1 was limn 5 Ah and his he sold it •"' What, dedfna.tell .'ee ? Why, he sonld.; flt to a tei ble rich ould chap as cumed fioji -India, or sume feich place; -• This man bo't the mansion, an oa] tbe land, and oal ..the,, f8rmsjniWj..j±.._,Andjlrec J kly;atter liebott: it.lie died, ,and left: it oal -to/a, -little maid. Tha's sev.l. ,yfiar-i';agoneinow, sand: do styon{ know she've never bin .soen aowii 'cl-O.'' . i. Indeed' Who lives at the man ion •'" Uobody, 'cept ithe steward,"an ther's= two oi three sarvants to kipjt clam " And xHiO'mnageffiitienesialteV""" n "' : 1 Oa, • th' -> oull - Beans,-.-the steward^ do' everything.. An' lies a• skin-flmt, I tell Allays risin' lhe rent he es; while ,es for repears, nobody can't git noan !" " And what s this young lady s name ?' 1'Awi she's,called Miss :Lezant;.sbe-es:V;.' :V You've never seen her, you^ay ?"- .• "No ; nobodyjain^tgi^eed"her:" All this time t he half dozen youths and amousitting around- listened:,open- mouthed.: to,the eon relation Only one spok«, and -with a look of reverence towards the old JaUourei who had be"n talking with Andrfew, s^id that 1 " Th oull Tommy wud be m}1 ch-lur n it he vim a sodger " Not long- aftei',Andiew:,won t to bed. -He remembered that lie had made np his5 mmd to be up betimes in tlie -morning, ! when hejiuist:try and ,,get workfiE- possiblej. ati Trevadlock, ..the , oldi;farnia"where!=3iisii fathei worked and where his own baby : ihood Imd been passed Hedidnotthinktheuofthe-future that lay before him; lie did not dream that country -life -would be such a revelation." Happily a knowledge of the futrre is kept from ais all ! ' CHAPTER IX. I ""^!-*)!!!!!': JU.1. WAS IJUIKT." .Tfae«na'^ras>g«nviio^K; the curled moon Wasilike-ajittle-'feither,,!...... , , -... llutterang ifarsdownihe.gulf,j and.now §be?spoke through the .still weather, * Her-voicn was like .the vpice tlw stars.. ... Hadwhea.theysang.t ngetb.ei-!''';:'-,' ! ' "•••: '©*wwi -feiMBnswitosswrTi.'^ The/next anornrng-Audrewrf.went !0ut.,t0 Jind Trevadiocto ffarm.- --.-He did=«iot itor«', ivery sentimental'ieelmgs"*tows,rds- it; feuti flie'was,nevertneles3,interesfcedmseeingthe home ot "his "childnood; Here his father had lived- and worked, and :;:! t liouoh heshad never ssen hiui;"-he- could not Jielp beingiattraeted: towards the . home he. had ; never seen. : He tod' but -little dilhcnlty-in : finding it- - r rrevadle^ic: 11' ai'111:-was. known, and the house did not he far from, the mam road fit "was:a.-beautiful morning. Tne sky. was : clear, save" for a few light, Shvcy clouds, which only added to its beauty while all beneath "looked like a Paradise ; Tii-bay crop -had" been' gathered m. while., the cornfields were fast ripening Every where was there a sign ot harves . The country TO- remarkably pretty All: around wore liomestea9s nsstling among; the trees;"while'here .and there were cot-' tagea which looked comfortable and! attractive., = Butone -house- more than any. other caughtr'hisRattention:-; ®o doubt jt : . was Ashwater, the mansion vfhich the old labourer, had: mentioned, the - nigh t, before:: A large, 7 rairibbng house.it-.was; -with a fine. pait surrounding it, while in the near: distance -ran a river clear>as crystal. < On one side of the river was "a 'wood,, which sloped up to some tableland, w bile on the: other was a crrassv bank .where one .could, walkfor a mile withoutdifficulty. • nlrew enchanted by what .he saw, and as he, jwatched the gurgling •? stream.-and • the.- flitting shadows -which the old: trees made afe the wmd played with.-leaves: he felt that here there could be nothmg but glad-' ncES^ -'And -then-as -he, remembered "the conversation. Between the lovers, the night before, he wondered -: •Presently.ihe! saw; »"stiler.in (the,-hedge,'- andafofitp^th.threugh:afleld:whiehled,to a farm.. He was hesitatmg. whether this imghtmotflead^-to/Trevadlock,'! when-^he heard a rumbling noise, and, turning, liesaw a lad -with a horse and cait Uothi llorse and lad-wore nearly asleep The day - was warm, and evidently woik was not skithcieutly pressing to make theui.hurry.: said Is yonder house Trevadlock farmhouse ?". he rejoined f Tbe lad gave^lsign of assent 1 " Does this footpath, lead there i" ' The lad gave anothei nod 6f his head, and said, "d've heerd J bout tee " J " Oh, indeed' J when ?' » ' i f "Jest now 1 - -Tommy Dain wafe up to- ''Vadloek, and-told S^m Gundy bout ee 5 Tou c'n%avc a io1j. I heerd 'im 7Ay so I live ther', too You on «laip wi' me, you lite-" t\ - j Evidently the lajfl was aqeady for a cliat < but Andiew did not feel disposed. He ,,fchanked"him;::and"tWrwaikcd towards the, farSUiouse,-now and then locking" at the river,-.whicteghstened.'brightly- .m the sun-? light This-wolfldSfe £he fiver m -v Inch his father Miad 1 sa\ea Mr "'(Bernard from downing .si, Trevadlock farmhpu ejind e ^tle 1 uild ings looked wondfc&ully; q!uiet aiid peaceful as he entered the .yard in Ahc nealow . iear lay the cows, peacefully che ung then j *udj in the aid itseli jyeie a do/en jugs half"bturedAn^tJ'sW, ia t^a leep -w3ule-the pou fry lanl picked grains trom among the manure heap | Who be yontttyik. gruffijfoice.»»ked thi question r s i? „ ^^ J Andrew turned, and saw a hdr-l-featmed knso, aljout foity hve or fifty HeJiad the f a ma tec Evideu'Il -1 tins whs the m®r,TSim O^ind^ "*-'tt f Be .^ou-^-ndrew^PJin^axs -4e f m ' " Tommy Dam tould - me about 'ee. • I .doaa'l spoase you'm wuth much, but you o?n 'ave a job through the 'arvest. Can 'oemaw?" 1 "No." " Bind, make moughs, 'iriteh, 'build a load, or a rick i 1 ':' " I've never tried, but 1 can quickly learn, I daresay."- j .. Well, you look big.enough and strong enough.... But. yer fingers be awful fine. You mustexpeet lots ov bladders." . ... Andrew had only a vague idea as to swhat.this meant, but he nodded cheerfully. What wages do'ee want '?" Andrew didn't know. " The last man I had—he lived in the house—had twelve pounds a year." Yes," said Andrew, "twelve pounds.-' "He had oal his mait,iye knaw, aud he slaiped m tha house.'• "But supposing I did,.the same work, and ;got lodgings; what would you give me then ?" , , , "Ten shellen' a week for, the first.six months, if you was worth it. In 'arvest 1 would give that and yer malt, ef you was wuth anything ' Andiew was not anxious about wages;; be had a few pounds m money, and would be able to manage He was anxious to woik on Trevadlock Farm, however; he was anxious to ^leep in the ioom, in which his father had slept. "I'll not.quariel about my wages until I've tieeu T a week" he said at length"; "y.ou'lUjsee- then whether ilt pick up the work or no When shall I begin i" ' You may as -well begin after dinner." " I've left my bag over at St. ^feot- 1 may as well gj over and fetch it" ; ".Oalaright, then-you c'n be-back jistitt" tlltc for dinner ' He was not long m getting to St Neot, and throwing his bag over his shoulder, he, found his i way. fepefcito Trevadlockiagamiv ,Tiie sun was now high in the heavens, huts a breeze had spiung up,.and so the walk was pleasant.* :-The iclear river was open to hi6 view, awhile ,,the park wluch stretched: downrtowards it'did not m anyway hide the great house which the villagers called Ashwater. ' And so Mr Bernard used to live there;"' he murmured, " while my father lived upat the farm. It: is strange that" I should : come back to these scenes under such: peculiar circumstances. : What's that :•"' ri His eyes were directed to the mam entrance of the house, and he saw two female, figures.. He sat on the stile and watched them. They came out ot tbe house, and walked across the park towards the river, as they, came nearer, he saw that they were young,;and>from their attire he knew they were not servant s, They seemed to •be chatting gaily, andv.the gentte breeze that :was~ blowing carried "the sound' of their merry laughter to the,place .v. he e he was .'-' Who - are - they, I wonder ? ' he said, 'Very likely the steward's daughters,, as;, according to, the village talk, the lady of theananorjiasmeverput man appearance " It did not -matter to him, and yet he felt interested. Somehow,i5 seemed as though there was a. link which hold him to the place which his :Joster father once owa&dK; He reached the farm, and entered at the back door. Henotised that the hiuse had been litely enlarged, and "that the new wing was evidently far more conveniently built: than the told. The farmer met him at the door "Denners jist on the "table," he said; briefly, * there, laive yer bag here, v and eome on " Andiew entered the kitchen. It was in the old pait oi the house—a long, lowceiled room In it was a long deal table,. the top of which was reveroible On one side it was- parated, on "the other the white deal was left untouched. "When used, the nnpainted-.paat-wss exposed; at othertimes tile-other side wa s seeli. The- paint occupied the -placc.of a table-eloth. It was .placed; near -the side of the kitchen, where, close by the wall, a long wooden bench was hxed. Opposite, the ..window, this.bench was very mush wider, and was made into a kind. of .sofa.-On the other "side "a - long , form- hai been- introduced ..ts> save the . trouble of moving chairs On the one end ot the table a cloth had L been, laid, .and.here sat the farmer, his wife,:his sons, and. three-daughters- The other ;end ;had no: cloth; and-here the serants sat.' There .were tour—t«o girls-. tatrfaced,. and two, youths;: one,-ot 'w hoiii> Andrew ha'i-'-seen : m'the , moriiiTiP'i' • • Andre«r.felt.awkward tor a. minute,-and. looked asjf,for?an introduction but^none took • place. He took his seat, 'however,,' .while three daughters, all.grown to young, women, looked at him with great interest. Evidently he was not like the other servants, and they stared to their hearts' content. A basin was placed before each of them, in which thick pieces of bread had been placed. Jhese the servants took, and. carrying them to a great open 'fireplaee, tilled them from a great 'steaming receptacle, ,ca,lied a f'lerock,' with what he found. to be/port lirotli. > Andrew did not enioy it much. To hitu it was -altogether distasteful; but thewhole family, ate heartily, t'je young ladief especially-making a-great deal ot noise as thev- put-the ..spoons . to . their-mouths-and swallowed the warm-liquid- After the broth, a .greao piece of fat-bacon was lifted, on to the table, with potatoes cabbage, and dumplings. Andrew fared' but little better than he had done with the broth. Boiled.,fat bacon was no6 to his taste; but still he ate" it with the bes' grace he could. The. two .youths who sa< near him; however, ate voraciously,' especially, of the cabba-se: and potatoes, -with which they were plentif ully supplied. - Whether Andrew's : presence was preventive of conversation, I know not, at any .rate; nothing was said for a good while At length the farmei burst out—- " 1 in settin' where your father used to set. An—Andrew " Evidently--somethmg-m the young man's' presence hindered him -from being familiarwith his name Andrew lookedinterested. " And where didmy father and mother sleep ?." he asked:: that is, which room i" ' The one right ovver h Ya see the househav'-been budded to, and afore that: time tins room here,' '"pointing to one over the end of the kitchen where lie sat; " wur the -farmer's slaipin' room. Teda used, now, 'eept for a apple chamber " Andrews- eyes lightened " Would it be jjo-'ible for me to sleep there he said. ' I should be glad if it; weie The lemembrauce of my lather's lite has a strong hold on me, though I do not remember him ' "1 spoase you cud" said the farmer jnnsrng " What do ee think i' turning to his wife and daughters Evidently Andrew's handsome anpoirv ancehad made s great eifict oa these young; ladies • Oh, very easy," they replied Somehew<it.'seemed.righti'thatt!this;yon>igimani whofitood.so straight; moved hit, iimbs so freely, and spoke so gracefully, should have: a room to himself, and they adtno t lelt like saying " sir' to him. Still he was a servant a,nd that meant a very great deal: ' You'll go baaing turmu s this after; noon,' said the farmer at length. "Ujll. Oiver -will go with 'ee " Andrew walked out of the Jatcben with -, out a "word, and Bill delighted that he would have Andrew's company, led the? way to the field Bill was a youth about eighteen years of age, and -was clum Uy and loo el built, like most of the ouths "who —have ±ollowed purelv :agaculturab jjursjuts lhey were^u t leaving the yard gate looked 1 ack, and s&w; that the trio of young; ladies ~were watching cui ousl f-ndrew ^Sidhothin^butiwalked a\ong wi h BiU : ^ Bo ou^lwa' 1 s <b aveyour -food vith the; famil he said to- thatmteUigent worthy. \- " Oipt wjisn ther's o6mp n /' replied- Bill, then Ave^go int-o the back "kitchen ^ j Ana is your mas ev kmd Aogon *' Bravieh ;-sobe tlip m>i d ns ndnnssesi The chaps be uppish, 3. "fipeet they'll wan| : On reaching the top of the hill, Andrew saw,a tract-,of common land, perhaps a hundred aeres or more. . , " Who does-that belong to?'' ; "Dunnaw; 'spects to the'laady; she do own-everything round here." l " Is it used at aE ?'' : " Eaz; we do' send .the young- bullocks there sometimes; and th'oull bosses." j Andrewthought of the thousands of men who tramp the streets of London with nothing to do, and wondered. The land -was of the same kind as that,of the cultivated farms; and as, capable of .crops. Evidently Bill was not capable • of conversing on .the subject, however,-and so the two, walked on quietly, Bill'burning to ask Andrew questions, but scarcely ' daring. They passed by a cottage. It looked comfortable in the sunshine,, but Andrew thought of how it would be in the cold winter. He formed no opinion as yet, however. He had come into the country to see, to learn, and he must keep his eyes open., They entered the field together, and Andrew, took hold of the hoe,-/which Bill: showed him. and then commenced hoeing turnips.. The crop was; poor; the . plants had a starved look, as though they wanted mahure. Andrew noticed; too, that large patches of land by the hedge side and in the corners of the fields were uncnltivated. Bill looked.at the young, man curiously; as -lf wonderi-n^ iiovr -foe "ivould get on- But hoemg, -turnips', does-., inot, -require 'much; skill, and 4B1II soon found-that his companion: managed-to .-hee his-row, with far more ease than he could. He eould "not .understand the deftness of hand with which this stranger did his work The afternoon wore' away^very slowly. Bill .could , tell of but- little- tiiat Andrew was -interested in -besides, the .young man' determined to find out the truth of things by actual contact. Thus they wore mostly silent. Hour after hour dragged slowly by, and still .the same work. Certainly it was not very mterestmg. '. Presently they heard a:distant whistle. "TherY tha's five olclock,:?-said Bill; 'we shll.laive off m another'our." Theyhad started at one Just before six the:farmer came into the field, and eyed the,, work,which , had been, done.-•,• - . • .-,-.•,. -. ; 'You've bin kippin' Bill to work,"'he said to Andrew. " Why, have we done well ?"' "Bust .rate. You can haw turmuts, 't any rate. There, when you've hawed three or four more-raws, 't'll be time to go home to supper." It only wanted a,minute to six,,but An-, drew did not speak.,. They worked on for half an hour more, and then went back to the farm. There was a.pump outside the back kitchen door. Under its spout was a; huge stone trough. Into this trough they pumpei some water, and then washed. A eomb of .very, .ancient .appearance waplaced on the back kitchen mmtelpioce- This was used.by. the .servants, men and maidens , who; .taking it in turn,-went out-, side, and looking m at the window,-saw-a. tamt reflection .of themselves. This -was their looking- glass,.and here they dressed their, hair . Andrew did, not use the universal comb-- He fumbled in his bag, and found one instead. For supper they had a i dishs of milk and,bread,.after which they' used the fat .bacon which had been left from dinner as ,butter .; this they scraped over some bread, and, ate heartily..- This fare, although, possibly distastetul to . a townsman, is not so to a countryman. It 16 wholesome, and they like it, JSven Andrew did not object to it. Supper, was over, and now-their-time was'their.own. , It was ,^ust seven o'clock " What do youido'dnrmg the evenings ?" Andrewasked ot.BiU. who stood with hun m the -vard. ,•, " Oa, nothin';" replied Bill. " There's nothin' to do." " How do you pass your timei 1 ' " Oa," said Bill, •' 1 got a maid over to Tildew. 1 go there- Saturday nights. Ther's two sarvents there, an' the other am't got a shmer. Will 'ee go ovver weth eV' Andrew snook his head. " Then we'd fcbaft our two sarvent maids m tlie ev'nms'. Gome on. They'm out 'ere milkin'. Will 'ee go ~i" Again Andrew shook hn head. He thought he heard a-noise at the window. and turning bis head, he saw the three Misses Cundv. •' What s;irt of young ladies are the Misses Cundy l^' he asked, m alow voice. •'Oa, they'm all right; but they'm too high for me " 1 hen Bill began to talk about his love affairs. It-was the-only thing he had m lite to interest him, he said Presently Zacky. the other lad. came up. He was a little younger than Bill, but he had also been initiated into the arts of courtship. Andrew soon found out that the lives of the youths were a ht'le above those of the blasts they attended. In some respects. mdeed. they were lower. Their, thoughts were of a -low nature, ;and would he have allowed it, their language would soon become obscene. He led them away from their love affairs at length, but they could talk of but VCIT little. He tried to lead them-to 'tbpik of physical feats. Yes, 1- ill became somewhat enthusiastic over that ;-he could thraw a, seven- score pounds bag of. wheat over his "chest, he said; but still Andrew saw that 1 he did not know how to use the limbs God' had given him. . " Do you ever read r" he asked at length.; Have you any books •'" '• I've gone.- through Foxtfs Boots of Martyrs" said Bill.-" 1 got'itfor a reward when I went to the Bnamte bunday-; school" >: " Nothing else ?" "l"ve reed- the-spellin, books.I-used .to ave when I went-to school, hut l ve forgot, em: 1 don't reed now:" " And what shall you do now for the rest of the evening i 1 ' I dunnaw.. Think I'll zetthe;rabbut gin, and then go to bed' '•:And what time do vou go to bed ?" " 'Bout nine a'clock." Andrew pawthattheyoungCundys were] commg. ; Evidently they wanted to talk with him but he was not inclined, so ,he went away alone The sun was now sinking low in the sky,; and it made everything reflect its bright ncss Certamlv everything was beautiful, and yet it wastterribly lonely Slowly Andrew wended his way towards-, the Great House He reached the table , land which was skirted bv the wood, and : then, finding a patl, went down the steep hill towards the river For a time the loveliness of the evening made him forget that he wasa servant in tho old farm which his father used to farm, for the time he • was in a kind ot Arcadia Presently he; came to the riverside, and sitting among, some ferns which grew clobeto the rippling waters, he begin to dream He had not •satlonsr when heard a sonnd of laugh- !ter,^-lcw,-rippltng laughter it-was, as sweet, as the music -of the water that flowed at his feet He looked up and saw two young girls Then: faces he could not discern, plamlv because ot the bushes that grewaround; ?him;., andalso s because • of the, branches of the great spreading oak which grew on the other side of the river "Have you read ithe heard tine say:.-, " Yes, but it is very foolish," was the; reply'" "It's a shame that printers' tune should be so wa ted Youshould ^ustread 1 his attempt at the melt dramatic " > Tiey^passed' on; , strolling slowly vdoiraij tlio river ljank. and t-hen, because ot an open space in Jheidliage, he saw the ide of their faces His heart gave abound—| why he did not know And yet-Something e tuicl i imiliii ibiuttuem H could uol reme.mber.-a smgleifeatureidus sfiew was so imperfect; and. vefc eomeliow, it -brought back old diys, old a sociations ] jk wonder li' I shall aeethem a|am-»ie thoiglit then he checked himself 1 »u trem-mber wha^T amf'leflaid with v ijaiugh, . f J 5 CHAPTER X. HlUtVEST 'EXPERIENCES. " So ;a small seed that in the earth lies bid, And dies, reviving bursts her cloddy side, Adorned; with yellow iocks, of new is born, And doth become a mother great with corn. Of grain brings hundreds -with it, which, when old, Enrich the furrows with a sea of gold.' : Hymn of Eesut ruction. Andrew slowly returned to Trevadlock Farm, and went.to bed. He was rather tired, and so did not feel it a great hardship to retire. He found that the Misses Cundy had treated him to a strip nf thin, parpet and had placed a comfortable bed in his father's old room. This led him to the conclusion that there was a desire to to.treat him far better than the others. He did not wish this. His idea in living among the poor agricultural labourers was to know their exact conditions of life, and to feel as they felt. He wanted to be one with them, to share-their burdens, and to really understand their wants.- The following morning ne was up at six o'clock, and went out into the fields to hoe turmns with Bill Olver. He felt rather sore, but he soon worked it off. andalthough the occupation was purely mechanical, he dug away with good will. At twelve they, •went to dmner, and-were allowed an hour. The dinner was similar to that of the day before:' At one ...they ./.were .in .the field again, and,.worked on until six; after .that the time was nearly their own. And all, the days were like.this: Tnere was nothing to stir .their, sluggish pulses, nothing to interest them. „ During - the' day • it was •work ; in the evenings the • youths of the neighbourhood .lolled: around with nothing to interest them, nothing to do. except a few who went to.see their lady-loves, whose teelmgs. aud, enjoyments were nearly the, same as their. own. . . Andrew had arrived at St.: Neot on Tuesday/night, and had started to work on the Wednesday; by the following Saturday he had gota glimpse of the farm labourer's, indeed, of country life generally, as far as it could be.known at that time of the year. . . . . . ... Hefound that Sunday was gladly thought of. They had but little change, and .Simday promised it. There was rest, and there was an opportunity of getting, out of life's beaten track. He asked Bill what they did on Sundays. «• Oa, we lop about'till denner time, then we go to ,St. Neot,'' replied Bill. " And what goes on at St. Neot ?" " Oa, ther's chapel, atld ther's church." " And where do you go i' " Moasly- to chapel. There's a new praicher there every -Sunday, ya knaw, .while to church the same passon do preicli " What is the name of the clergyman ?" :-'. "Passon-Childs.: He, edn much of a praicher. He do read it oal; and then he ca'an't holla a bit; the praichers at the chapel praich wi'out a book, and they do holla; -After eh&pel;,;we git a maifl and go home wi' her. We have to git m by nine o'clock;- 'eipt at special times." : , " And is that ail ?" ' "Tha's oal. " •' It was not-an attractive programme to Andnr.v. and yet there wa' -still a novelty about the countrv life. Beside?, the weath 1 v was beautifully hue. lhe country was dressed in "living green,' and so to the uature-lovine-young -man there-was-much to rniov Still, he -cuuld not help a feeling, of utier loneliness; he could not help feeling that the life :was stagnant. ,. ''We sh'lt-: start-rhai'vestin?',, to-m'orra, Andra,'' said-Mr Cundy to him on the-Suhiiay ni®rning after breakfast.; an' I've g"t a 7.ye"—scvihe—'" set up lor 'ee.-' "Thank vou,'' replied Andrew. '-I'll do my best." At the same time he wondered what hii experiences would be. He walked among the fluids for an hour, and then, hearing the ehuich bells at St. Neot- he determined to make his way thither. Aceordinely, he returned to the house, aDd put on a suit of clothes such as he had worn when living in the West liud of London. As he left the house he passed bv the Mis'es Cundy. who, with their brothers, were also bound for church lie lifted his hat to them, which act caused a tuter. A farm servant lifting his hat was certainly out of the common. " I do'an t blecve he s what he do make out be ee," said one of the voungCundve. enviously- •' I bleeve he ve done summin" wrong, I do, and es come down ere out of the way. " But his cloas es purty," Raid another, " an! he do car" hissclf stylish '• Well, anvbody can car lusself stylish, if he'll be a sodjer." responded tlie third, ''and anybody can be a iodjei. The voung ladies said nothing, but thev looked loneinglv towards him, as though they would willingly forgive anything and everything if he would only pay them attention. Bv the time Andrew reached the church the bells had ceased to ring, and the servicc had commenced., Jt was an old church, an t the seats were high-backed and woim-eaten. One part of it vas entirely diBUsed. About forty people had congregated, which number was afterwards augmented by about twentj more •Almost every one turned then: head tow Andrew as he came in He was a stranger and strangers were uncommon, especially such strangers- as he:- ":Adminng glance? were cast upon his stalwart form and han l-i some face from.every Dart of the church, aorl the old clergyman wondered who he could. • be. ••".:• • , : . , ;. ,..;." The' service was what is called :f',lpw;" There was but little chanwng, :and • everything ;:was conducted :on the most. -barren: principle- ' A crazy box of. -whi6tleBj cs-lied, an organ,-^as ioperated on- by the-.-vicar's wife; while half a dozen children formed th" choir- • As >the-service- proceeded, Andrew looked around on th» people's faces, and saw how phlegmatic and , unresponsive they appeared- There was no expectancy, no eagerness; neither. ou the other hand, did.there, appear anv anxiety, anydou lit. The reading from the -Book of N umbers was as impressive as that from, tae Gospel- according to. .St,. John, as far as he could 6ee., Just, before the sermon an amount of interest was shown, for :the clergyman announced the banns of marriage between William Fluter.and B .izabeth Ann Crowle, both of ,.that, parish,.and then after -a few giggles :and: whispers, whichi followed; •thev again settled down to, a state of apathy. The; clergy,mau^ soon, after ithis' commenced his sermon, lie was undoubtedly an educated can Perchance when at, Oxford or Cambridge long years b lore, ne; had been an ea»er, keen debater, and it n as ^aid by the -.older,inhabitants,-,that wheu -he came £rst to St Neot he had shov.n a desire for doing strange things, That, however, bad all gone now. The: apathy -of his panshioners had crushed, his; eint-husiasm, .whjle their lack of appreeiation i hadhinderedihimffromigivingjmuch-timeto the preparation of his sermjns Religion to thepeople was® settled, thing/which :uhey in a mechanical way were supposed to accept And while going to churcn was not interesting, it gave them a chauge. and gave them a chance of sec ng their neighbors lhey repudiated the d a of being heathens md so, of couise went either to church or chapel. Modern criticism they never heard of, and doubts never troubled them lhey hope 1 to get ±0 heavea iome day, and, although many were'oistantly putting off the day of repentance, th^y hoped to have timo to cry for mercy before they died, so as to get, asthey termed it,' the Tight side of tlie gate ": (To be continued) A Tight 1 it —A drunken man •said the Lecturer The roi^s up these, mouuVias'are tooiBteep-audirockv Joc even.: a douke to climb; therefore 1 -did not attempt-the ascent " A^riena in need is a frieLd indeed," but a lriend"»ho ^ nut'in ncid j« tin, mont desirable-a'-quaintanee %. (Handed' llecital —'3? aying the barrel; organ 61 1 1 have noticed 'i-caidi he observant man. ' thatihe woman-with a mole on-herneckis ..usually dre %ed%pto , ihfe Wik * Jhe^nii) tiJus 1 young mau, who 'wants: b n - opening^ on'ly'to Bint* where the ice is: —-OlIVBB GOLBSJILTH, SIR WILLIAM DEUMMOND, 