?? - ?? Bui 0nce -a Yean ? '.'?' :'-- IBvH. H.1 . ??; u IJo'now bap come oar joyftu'et teiMb, last everynian be jolly ; ? ?'?'? \- Eaoh room with ivy leaves ia areaX ? And every fcost with holly. . ' 'Ihouirh JBome oburls at our mirth repine. Borinii oar -foreheads garlands' twine, Drown eatiaWin a cap of wine, And let us idloe merry. ' Now ell our neighbors' ohimneys smoke And Christinas blocks are barring, Their ovens they with baked meats choke, : And all their spits are turning, i ' ' Without the door let sorrow lie, : - . And if ot cold it bap to die We'll bury it ia a Christmas pie, .. And evermore be merry. ' Tben wherefore in these merry days Should we, I pray, be duller; No, leu us sine some roundelays To make our mirth the fuller.' ' England was Merrie England -when Old Christmas brought his sporta again. 'Twas Ohriatmaejbroacaed tbe-ightinu »le ; 'Ivras Christmas told tbe merriest tale A Cnristmas gambol oft' would cheer A poor man's heart through half the year.' — OliD OASOL. 'Christmas comes bat once a year,' says the old song, and it behoves us all to welcome, with time-honored observances what has always been the paramount religious and social festival of English speaking people in all parts of the world, and surely the kindly merriments and friendly greetings incidental to the seascn do much to cement the bond of kinship which exists between those whom DeBtiny decrees can only 'join hands across the sea.' It is not possible to Bay much that is 'original about Christmas and its customs, but somehow we never seem to tire of hearing about them when Christmas once more comes round, and 'everyone more or less takes part in the kindly amenities so indelibly associated with this anniversary. Christmas is essen tially the festival of the young, and though -we do not now celebrate it in the rollicking spirit of days of yore,' we can yet invest it with much innocent abandon, and -a ring of joyousness which will in after years be a happy memory.. As. for them— alas — as for us, a Christmas will come when they will hear the same familiar bells ringing out their message of great joy ; but the good tidings will sound, oh, bo differ ent; the music, oh, so sad! The bells that carol so merrily will pierce the heart with memories of other, perhaps happier, days ; and minor chords will sound whether we will or no. Christmas revelries for the most part have their basis in a medley of old memories, and in all time-honored Yuletide customs we find a mixture of this world and the world to come, the flesh and the spirit, heathenism and Christianity. In some partB of Scotland the fires of Baal are still lighted, and the Scottish youth run through them without a thought of the origin of their games — in this instance' an illustration of the passage of purification where children were burns and passed through fire to ' Moloch, horrid god, besmeared with blood.' The saturnalia of the ancients waB anything but a religious ceremony, and at this time the whole populace gave themselves over to the lord of misrule, and the decoration of our churches and homes originates from the same source — tne niomans aeporasmg weir aouses&na; temples attheBaturnaliaaswedofor Christmas. Until the times of good Queen Bess a great feaat was held by the Kings of England in Rufus's Roaring Hall, or as it is now called Westminster HalL In the year 1262 four kings were present at this Christmas feast, when were consumed 'six fine fat bullocks, six calves, sixteen sheep, five score geese, five score capons, with' many marrow-bonea, and great store oteggs and cream.' The only time, when Christmas has 'not been'aseason of jollity and.univereal goodfellowship was when the Puritans, made suoha fierce, assault upon the ceremonies of the church,' and during the heads held sway no Christmas merrymakings Were- allowed, -and criers went about London ringing a bell' and crying— 'No Christmas! No Christmas 1' Feasting and hospitality have ever been associated with the Christmas season, and certainly the digestive powers of our ancestors must far have exceeded our own, for imagine partaking of a pie composed of two bushels of flour, 20 1b. butter, four geese, two turkeys, two rabbits, two wild ducks, two woodcocks, six snipe, four partridges, two neate' tongues, two curlews, seven blackbirds, and six pigeons. This monster pasty was prepared by a certain Mistress Dorothy Patterson, housekeeper to Sir Henry Grey Howick. We sometimes hear a great deal of the ex travagance of the entertainments of to-day, but with all their courses, French cooks, elaborate decorations, and costly wines, they sink into insignificance compared with the banquets chronicled in the olden times. To use an Americanism whioh isomost ex pressive and appropriate, : if not striotly grammatical, the further we 'advanoe back ward '. in civilisation the larger and more magnificent are the feasts. Edward IIL gave a Christmas banquet which cost a sum equiva lent to £40,000 of our present currency, and at the installation of Ralph Abbot, of St. Augustine, Canterbury, in 1309, 6,000 guests were entertained at Christmastide at A dinner consisting, we are told, of 3,000 dishes ; bat I fancy the menu would have somewhat startled the modern diner out. Cranes, herons, swans, pieces of whale and (porpoise were among the delicacies prepared, and the boar's head formed the piectTde resistance, as it frequently does now in old England. This savory dish was decked with sprigs of fragrant rosemary and escorted by a procession of minstrels, was carried round the great hall while the follow ing quaint old carol was sung : — Nowell ! Nowell ! Nowell ! fydyngeB gud y tbynke to telle, The bore's head that we btyng here Betokeneth a prjnce -without pere Is borne this day to bye us dere. Howell. A bore fa a soveraigne beste, And aoceptabie in every feste, So mote chys borde be so moste and legta. ffowell. Tnia bore's hed we brynge with eonge In »oroebyppe of Him that thus yepiong Of a virgin to redresBe ail wrong. Nowell ! Nowell 1 Nowell - After the boar's head came the peacock, which was stuffed with spices and sweet herbs roasted, and basted with the yolks of eggs and then sewn up in its skin and brilliant plumage ; it's beak and feet were elided, and a piece of cotton steeped in spirits set alight in it's mouth. This gorgeouB dish was carried in state by the lady most distinguished by her birth and beauty and set before the lord of the feast. Another favorite Christmas dish which would seem somewhat coarse ' to our more refined taste was roasted swan. Of course, all this substantial fare required a corresponding amount of liquid refreshment, and metheglin, hippocras, and good old October ale, to say nothing of small beer and light French wines, were partaken of in abundance. And in those days if any man failed to take what was con sidered his fair share in the conviviality he quickly made acquaintance with the hand look— an iron ring attached to two staples high in the door, one serving as a hinge and the other as a look. He was fastened by 'the wrist to this ring, and the wine poured down his sleeve and allowed to triokle on to the floor. One of these instruments is still to be seen at Haddon Hall, in Derbyshire. In these old days at a Christmas feast ib waa not only their equals oat forefathers enter tained, bnt the baronial hall was filled with retainers of every degree, all keeping high holiday and freely welcomed by tbe lord of . the manor to. partake of his hospitality, which was bestowed with no niggard hand ; and in England as in Norway the pretty oustomof tying an nnthreshed sheaf of wheat to a pole for the birds was universal. After the banquets the noble lords and dames of high degree took part in the stately dances then in vogue. I am always sorry that here, when at Christmaatide our chief desire is to fine some cool retreat where we are safe from the fierce rays of King Sol, we are perforce obliged to forego the Yule log — part and parcel of Christmas in all more frigid climes where the bringing home and burning of the Yule log has ever been a time-honored practice. Few of us, however sad the memories the season brings, can find it in our hearts to cry out against merry Christmas. Saddened spirits and ghosts of Christmases long past may and must haunt some of us ; but let us not dull the merriment of others who are yet free from the haunting voices of loss, eorrow, and disappointment ; and though of many ancient customs scarcely a shadow remains, and perhaps some of these customs are more honored in the* breach than in 'the observance, still I would fain hope it may be long -ere we banish the innocent mirth aa ' friendly festivity whioh for so many ages hat been one of our most familiar haltiog-plaoei in the inevitable whirligig of. time, 