Old Irish Parliament. NOW THE BANK OF IRELAND. (Seo illustration on this page.) Among the recognised sights of the Irish capital is that building in Col lege Green now known as the Bank of Ireland, but formerly identified with the Irish Parliament. Always an object of more or less curiosity to -visitors to Dublin, that historic struc ture has acquired an additional interest ever since the question- of Some Eule has been brought within the region of practical politics. It will soon be a tull century from the time that an Irish legislature sat within those walls, and they rever berated for the last time with that fervid eloquence of which such a num ber of Iriah leaders of the period were regarded as past masters. The rise and fall of the Parliament in question *-Grattan's Parliament as it has been so often appropriately termed in latter days after the remarkable man who m >re than any other of his contempor ' 'arias helped to establish it-is one of the most memorable chapters in modern Irish history. Whether studied by the light of Home Eule or Unionist teachings it is equally notable. Draw from them what con clusions one may, the facts are that the Irish Parliament was for some 18 years of the last century invested with powers which to a great extent, bating special limitations, were coequal with t-? » r>-... i _ --- .i. i, . i ., i i The Irish Parliament Building-Now Occupied by the Bank of Ireland. (See letterpress on this page.) those of the British Parliament itself. That among its members were some of the most brilliant men in the three kingdoms is universally acknowledged. Grattan himself was afterwards described by Byron as "with all that Demosthenes wanted imbued, and his victor and rival in all he possessed." In another member of the. old Irish Parliament, Plunket, the English House of Commons subse quently found one of the most logical as well as persuasive speakers that ever addressed it. " The Parliament House in Dublin was not by any means unworthy of the celebrities with' whom it was associated. It was'really a fine specimen of architecture. .The foundation stone was laid ; early in the 18th century, .and consequently at a time when the Irish Parliament was yet without those privileges conceded to it subsequently, when .Grattan triumphantly carried the famous Bill of Irish Bights. The structure was not indeed com pleted till some five years after the concession of that measure. The picture which we give suggests a tolerably exact idea, it' ia to be presumed, of what the building was like in its greatest days. "According to all accounts its exterior at any rate has undergone comparatively little change. Sim Ïlicity and grace are its most striking features, 'he principal front of the building looks towards College Green. It shows an Ionic colonnade, consist ing of a faoade and two projecting wings. The colonnade took ten years to build, and cost ¿fi 12,000. On the tympanum are to bo seen the Boyal arms. Above these aie three figures placed there since the building was converted to its present use. They are emblamatic of Hibernia, Commerce, and Fidelity. . That. part : of the interior of the building in which the House of Com mons was situated has, not much left that recalls what it once was. In fact,, not a vestige remains of the original' chamber. Apropos of this, there is a remarkable passage in | the last volume of Mr. Lecky's History. After relating the carrying of the Union Bill, he says : " The noble building in which the Irish Parlia ment had held its sittings was soon after bought by the Bank of Ireland. It is a curious and significant fact that the Government in consenting to this sale mada a secret stipula tion that the purchasers should subdivide and alter the Coambers in which the two Houses had met, so as to destroy as much as possible their old appearance. It was feared that disquieting ghosts might still haunt the scenes that were con secrated to so many memo r i e s." The stipulated 'alterations, though carried out most effectually as far as the Commons House was concerned, were apparently very Blight as regards the Peers Chamber. It remains much as it was when the grave debate was held there long ago. The walls are still covered with the old fashioned panels, and above the fireplace hangs a piece of tapestry showing Wil liam of Orange crossing the Boyne. It was that same piece of tapestry which Macaulay doubtless had in his mind's eye, when, in referring to the anomalous and strange conditions of Irish life, political and " .social, during the days of Protestant ascendancy, he spoke of the native Irish seeing everywhere around them reminders of their humiliation and discomfi ture. In their capital stood the statue of their con queror, while their senate was adorned with represen tations of his victory and of their defeat. It may b« added that among the relics of the Irish' House of Commons which 'still exist is the Speaker's «hair. It is at Antrim Castle, the seat of Lord Masserene, a descendant of the last .Speaker, John Foster. 