ELOCUTION. astonishing- is these dare culture and literary taste how few can read aloud naturally aud intelligently, not to say effectively. And some of the greatest failures are to be found 'n our churches. W ithin the last •ear or two young clergyman have ipjieared id Anglican places of worship who simply “ massacred ” the noble service. Mannerisms in pronunciation, flippancy, rapidity bordering on levity were some of the painful inflictions patient worshippers had to endure. But, fortunately, some of the greatest offenders in thcBo re. spects are now away, and the prayers and lessons arc read with becoming deventness. In other communions how few clergymen read with pleasing effect! The importance of good reading cannot be over-estimated, especially in the case of those who are naturally looked up to as patterns and guides. Why should the stage and lechall monopolise elocutionary ability ? If the occupiers of onr put pita were to pay greater heed to thesi thing* religious services would be more ^It is pleasant to observe of late years marked attention to elocution, although improvement has still to lie made in proper pronunciation and clear articulation. This remark applies equally to singers and reciters. In Blackwood for May is to be found a very interesting article on the late Air. JBbabpkam, one who raised public recitation to a high standard. It is forcibly pointed out that in recitation, as in poetry, according to the familiar words of Home*., there can be no medium way. It must be either sublime or ridiculous. In a iccent contribution to this subject it is remarked th at somebody once declared that the most insufferable thing in the world was “ respectable ” acting—acting th at no man could really admire, and yet that no man could utterly condemn. Bnt surely respectable acting it half so bad as respectable recitation There is no such bore in the whole social world as the amateur reciter, who has all the aspira­ tion, and none of the inspiration, and with whom perhaps even the aspiration gets a little mixed now and then. We in England (says Blackwood) have net many of tbe gifts of Southern races for tbe art of reoitalion. The fire is not in onr blood, We are net generally endowed with rich and sweet and flexible voices. We are not as a rule largely provided with the -dramatic instinct, and we have little inclination for gesture—.' fact, we are apt to think that a man who uses much gesture looks ridicu Ions, and is Tn&kiog; a fool of himself. We most therefore have reciters fashioned to our mood, who do not overstep o nr insular modesty of nature. Mr.BaiNDRAM w asagreat reciter, bnt he kept quiet naturally, and it may be even unconsciously, within the conditions of bis audience. He had an exquisite taste aud a cultured sense of the fitness of things. We a people can hardly he said to be generally endowed w ith a rich sense of humor, b u t all tbs same it is certain th at vre have produced some thegreatest humorists in letters and art that th e world has ever known. I d the same way, although ws do not seem to have been fitted out by JVT-1— — -----------it natural nptidoss so Imppsn that irebare brought out many men and women who oan fairly- claim to ■ have made recitation one of the fins: arts. The present generation, it is pointed1 out, has been lately reminded that Mrs. Pinirr K emblb onoe lived and reigned by the announcenxoht of the fact that naving long ceased to reign she had at last ceased to live. Fankt K imdlb never was surpassed as a Shakespearian reciter. “ Those who are happy enough to have heard her rerite the Jibes 2a which Wolsey takes farewell of all his greatness, ought not to regret even the length of years Which they have had to pay for such a privilege. The late Mr. Bellew was splendid reciter of the somewhat flamboyant type. His fine face and stately presence lent additional a t­ traction to his Voice and his. intonation, and to hie etidden electrical effects. Miss Glynn was in many qualities a fixe Sliakesperiau reader, although she never took a really high rank as an actress, lb fact, the craft of reciter of Shakespeare is not by any means tbe same sort of thing, as tbe waft of an actor of Shakespeare. One of the most magnificent reciters of recent days was Charles Dickens. To be sure be recited only from his own works as a rule, and therefore we may suppose that tbe full inspiration was in him.” D10KKNS, according to Blackwood, spoke of BeAndkI m as " a man who interprets toe better than I nan interpret myself.” That was high iraise indeed. Bnt Dickens was on be whole “ a magnificent recite]*, as he was undoubtedly one of the finest amateur actors and one of the most brilliant after-dinner epeakera England ever possessed. He contrasted curiously as a reciter and speaker with bis great rival Thaokeray, Thackeray was one of the poorest of speakers whether after dinner or before. Yet his reading of his lectures on English Humorists' ehd on the 'Four Georges’ Iras in its way exquisite aud almost perfect. It cob Id hardly be called recitation in the familiar seme. It -was reading, for although he had the manuscript always before him, or rather beneath him; he seldom topped to stiidy it—not often even glanced at it. Bnt he spoke like an ordinary cultured English gentleman reading aloud to an audience oa some subject in which he is deeply interested, and about which he wished to enthral their interest. His voice was clear, hut had no great capacity variety of sound, Yet the effect which was produced by certain passages of his readings was auch as could hardly be surpassed by the most brilliant professional reciter. Tbe closing sentences of the lecture on George III.—the description of tbe blind, deaf, insane old man wandering through his rooms and murmuring Milton's pathetic and terrible words about the darkness—the appropriateappeal from Shakespeare') ' King Lear * to * vex not bis ghost, oh let it pass ’—all this used to be listened to by audiences who positively held their breath to hear every word, and then when the whole was done, relieved their feelings by pea! after peal of applause. The unaffected simplicity of tbe performance was probably one of its great charms. Thackeray was very happy, too, in delivering sometimes the words of others. His recitation of Hood’s bridge of Sighs ' was most pathetic and touching, even heart-piercing. There are and there were some of oar pahlic men, a critic points oat, who might have done wonders in the way of public recitation if only the destinies bad forced them to enter the field. “ The late Mr, Bright, for instance—who could have recited Milton as he coold ? Ho delighted reading Milton to bis friends, aud dull indeed must tbe friend hove been who did not delight in the recitation. The late Dean Stanley heard Mr. Bright quote at a dinner given to th e American anti-slavery Agitator, Mr. Garrison, some lines from * Saint Paul,' and he expressed a raptnons wish that be coaid hear them even an English pulpit with such simple aud sublime effect. We have heard that Mr. •ving was immensely impressed by Mr. Gladstone's way of delivering some lines from * Hamlet.' Mr. Irving, it should be said by the way, has a very remarkabi* gift of recitation altogether apart from his gifts as an actor—for, as we have said, acting and recitation are qaite different things is art. Garrick had .great qualities as a reciter, although it used to delight Dr. Johnson to set him what wc may call pnzeles in emphasis, and to insist that he laid the stress upon the wrong word every now and then. The business of public recitation is one which can give the very highest delight or the very dullest depression Vo a n 1 andiesce. Men like Mr. Brandram | and Mr. Bellew were looked for with tho keenest expettalion and longing by vast popular gatherings. In this country we have a large proportion of intelligent people who for one reason or another will not go to a theatre. Mr. Brandram brought the theatre, or a t all events he brought tbe drama, to such people, and he thereby rendered them ft most valuable service, which was undoubtedly well appreciated. Few men ever enjoyed a wider popularity or were more welcome wnen they came. His example ought to be followed— that is to say, toe men and women with the gift ought to use the gift publicly for the public delight. Mr. Brandram became a public and professional reciter unwillingly, and only because the conditions of his life at one time compelled him to make use of hie marvellous memory and bis endowment of 'voice and expression as a means of livelihood. The conditions which compelled him. to this course were his Josses, hut wore the public gain We have drawn pointed attention to this important part of modern education in the hope that teachers and others may realise, as they have not yet done, how necessary and how pleasing it is for boys and girls fa acquire a good natural style in reading poetry and prose. We have oie or two promising reoiters in onr midst, and if they go on as they have begun, more will be heard of their efforts But they must never forget to be natural, and above all things, to avoid the putting on of what is colloquially called "aide.” . Thet will never do if success is to be achieved. Half let's advice to the players u as muoh needed now os ever it was, Mid so educational system should neglect the tfiftunft of good reading, .which to be useful and effective &u;#t be sub-' dued and natural* 