Walter Bentley. The market for Shakespeare, locally, during the last fortnight, has been pheno menally lively. It is still firm. Much firmer, indeed,' than the oft uttered expres sion, 'Hamlet, I am thy father's ghost,' denotes the studious propensities of customers to be. One hears more frequently 'the hnnrnr fmm wliirli nn trnvellnr rrtnrnn ' than the dear old prchistorical 'great majo rity,' by which one infers that the great majority has been improved by a perusal of ' Hamlet. ' Certain it is that the bigger proportion of our citizens were going to sec ' Hamlet ' last night, broken banks notwithstanding. Chagrin, ill con cealed, was consequently the result when a wire was received from the great tragedian early yesterday morning conveying flic in formation .' that under the circumstances he would not play.' Rumour was instantly on foot that Air. Bentley had abandoned his in tention of visiting us at all; but that' was contradicted when another message arrived intimating his intention of coming by the evening train. Unfortunately a confirmatory wire was not received until late in the even ing, and but little organisation on the part of the Caledonian Society^'was possible. Consequently Mr. Bentley opened his season with a species of comedy. Two pipers were ready and struck up the old original ' Campbells are coming' as the train backed into the platform. She finished backing and a wild hunt for the famous Scotchman ensued. It ensued for some time, and grew momentarily wilder ; and the pipes discreetly exhausted their bellows when the awful possibility of barking up the wrong sapling worked towards the probable. At last a lynx eyed son of Scotia found the party— but then the vice-president had somehow got missing. He was found eventually looking at'entively and somewhat /critically at an insurance agent. A' whisper was enough, the ' vice ' was hurried up, was intro duced, and a hearty old Scotch exchange of good wishes ensued, after which the band struck up a wild skirl and the Caledonians carried off their guest triumphantly. The, crowd at the station was even larger than that which greeted the return of the noted lecturer. At 11*30 about fifty gentlemen repaired to [the Imperial Hotel when the banquet, about which many an anxious sigh had during the day been let loose to load the. breezes, stood forth in all its sumptuousness. So complete were the arrangements and so attractive that we think Mr. Bentley must give his entertainers credit for a very decent appreciation of the Shakesperian truism that 'the appurtenance of welcome are fashion and ceremony.' Judgment also, if procur ing the services of a princely host may be regarded as such. At the conclusion of the feasting the cnairmauof the occasion, Mr. J. H. Robertson, in a happy speech warmly welcomed the distinguished guest to Toowoomba. A vocal contribution .was next offered by Mr. Passmore and highly ap preciated. Following the royal and vice regal toasts proposed by the chairman came that of the 'guest of the evening' proposed by the vice-chairman, Mr. Stirling in the following words : — '? Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, — The toast I have to propose is the health of our guest Mi. Walter Bentley, the foremost among Scotch tragedians. -Times are indeed changed for Scotchmen when we are glad to claim among our very foremost men such an exponent of the thoughts, feelings, and pas sions of men. There was a time when to be a play actor was a disability to men, especi ally, 1 think, in Scotland. Wo can imagine the indignant reception given to the Douglas tragedy by the ministers of Scotland. I fancy if any of the ministers of the Scotch church now were to give to the world a work of the same description the man who did the work would scarcely be tabooed as poor Mr. Home was, forced to leave his profession and his home because he wrote a tragedy. From the tragedian lessons are being taken by those who would be pub lic speakers, lecturers, or preachers. A worthy clergyman of our Church of England here told me the grandest lessons he had in preaching was when he attended at the Passion Play and witnessed the graphic illus trations of the incidents of the most momen tous life the world ever witnessed. I think our old Scotch ministers made a mistake, a very gross blunder, when they gave over to the evil one not only all the dancing awl fiddling, but all the liveliest and brightest in music and in speech. 1 have no doubt the time is coming when the stage, as an educating institution will be fully recognised as much a* the lecturer's platform or the preacher's pulpit. Leaders of thought, like Mr. Bentley, will of necessity have to travel, but not as now taking all risks of win or lose, but, recognising the work as a national one, there will be suitable preparation for them everywhere, and the people will be able the more to appreciate them when the theatre, like the school, shall be free education. I trust that Mr. Bentley will not consider our reception lacking' in that our numbers are few. Our society is the oldest Caledonian society in the colony, but like many othev societies, we are locked up through bank failures; otherwise a larger meeting would have been here, and, I expect, a more enthusiastic reception? I ask you to drink to the health of Mr.''Bentley, one among the very foremost of 'living Scotch men. Mr. Bentley in responding said : Mr. Chairman, Mr. Vice-Chairman and gentle men, they have christened me the ' wizard of the stage.' I don't know why, but when I look around this room I think I am en titled to claim that it has not been given me altogether in vain, I come here an absolute stranger to every man in this room (No !) As tar as personal acquaintance goes I mean, you never saw me before and you know very little about me, but still you have been good enough to come here to-night to welcome a comparative stranger.. Even though I have failed in my duty — I could not help it, it is true, having been shut up for some time at Indooroopilly (where I may say I was most hospitably entertained) and being compelled eventually to come out of it in a baggage van. (Laughter). Still here I am, heartily obliged for the hospi table way in which you have received me. I have determined to appear before you on two nights— (applause) — as originally ar ranged and I have altered my engagements to that purpose. I hope you will never have reason to think your hospitality has been in vain. I will leave ..my. mark in Too woomba, I have no doubt. (Applause.) It is 25 years ago since I sold 25,600 wethers here in Toowoomba for a northern company. I travelled with thcni'-frqm Rockhampton across the Downs and sold them in Too woomba. It was not exactly yesterday — it was rather the day before. (Laughter.) It is very gratifying for me to find that when 1 come back you treat me as you do. (Applause). It is very kind of you, very kind indeed. We will do our best to repay that kindness. (Applause.) We will try to show you our appreciation not in words, 'but dfceds. 1 have not been able to do my duty, but 1 have cancelled one of my nights in Ipswich and will present both the plays I have advertised. (Applause.) I have looked forward to my visit to Toowoomba. I don't know what sort of a theatre you have here. (Laughter and ' We're not conceited about it.') I could- not know, indeed, as I have only just arrived. But the kind hospitality with which .you have treated me makes me feel that- I must fulfil my duty towards you. I am very much obliged for the toast you have given me and for your hearty reception. I don't know if I can say anything more on that account, we will allow our works to speak for us. In thanking you for the toast I must say a word as regards the admirable way in which it was spoken. Your speech, Mr.- Vice- chairman, has appealed to my heart niore {than anything that has been spoken to me since my career in Australia. I arrived here eighteen months ago— I came with the in ' tendon of spending six— and during that eighteen months I have not heard thoughts given expression to that have appealed to me so much as yours have done. (Applause). They, appeal to me because — I don't know whether you all know it— I have a rcry strong and powerful opinion about the influences of . the work of the staee. I know I am too often inclined to express those opinions, and when I start on that topic it seems to me that love embraces it all. We are all here in the world as human beings. We are here only for a short time. We are here to live our lives. Our life is a shadow. Can it be made some thing . to leave, something that we can record on humanity? Can we not make a mark, a mark that will last and which we can leave behind us. (Applause.) You have spoken the gist, in fact you have crystallised the whole thing ; you have made the stage and spoken of .it as it ought to be spoken of, and I am very proud to respond to such an'elof|iient compliment. Here in the backwoods of Australia — I hope none of you will kick at what I say— herein Toowoomba— ('Call it the back blocks')— none will say I am saying what I ought not to say — you have said something that will live ; something that will go down from generation to generation ; something that will encourage us to hope that we will eventually make the stage the light of the world. I know perfectly well people say : ' Oh the stage ! He's an actor, he's nothing.' We will begin to understand in time actors and actresses — because there has been a great deal of talk about the women who have filled our profession. I have seen women engaged in our profession — ay, many of them — who arc as well able to hold up their heads as even your mothers and sisters. (Applause.) I know it because I have lived amongst them, and I know them. I caniiot cap your words, sir, I can only encore them. 1 am very, very much obliged to you for the re marks you have made. I could not hope to excel them. Therefore, I sit down with this and feel very much honoured that you have been asked to propose that toast and have done it as you have done. (Loud applause.) Mr. Joseph Stiriing favoured with a recitation ' Rallo's Advice,' and Mr. God sail with one of his inimitable comic songs. Mr. Bentley in proposing the toast of the D. D. Caledonian Society said : Nothing could be more pleasing to me than to be asked to prop»sc the toast that has been placed in my hands. All over the worid Scotchmen— Scotsmen 1 should say perhaps — stand 'shoulder to shoulder.' Wherever I go I have been greeted by Scotchmen who have cheered me on my way. I am grateful, and it is a great pleasure to me to be honoured by being asked to propose the toast of the' Caledonian Society of the Darling Downs. It seems to me rather a mistake almost to wish Scotch men success because it is an accepted fact that Scotchmen all over the world have proved and have shown their ability wherever they have gone. They have proved to the world that they have that stability of purpose and intellect which carries them to the front on all occasions. I do not know what ex plains the matter. Something in our atmos phere, something in our country, perhaps; something docs it, whether it is the Scotch mist or what it is that brings them into prominence I do not know. (Laughter.) Is it because we are brought up in a drastic manner — (laughter)— every one will know what that means when I say our fathers were very strong men. (Laughter.) They indoctrinated it into our minds whether by whip or talk does not matter — they did it. (Laughter). I don't know hovr it is done in every case ; I know how they did it to me. It was not done easily nor yet gently— (laughter)— but with a strong hand. The Bible was laid off to me day and night, and the Sundays I used to spend were something to think about for the scstof the week. (Laughter.) I don't say it wasn't the very best thing that could have happened for me. Itiiid something for me that could not have been done in any other way. Nowadays people arc not accustomed to indulge 111 prayers morning, noon, and night, but that was something, that led us to think and made us men. (Applause.) It brought us up in a certain way we have never forgotten. I suppose there are some men in this room who have been brought up as sturdy as I have. I sec some young men, however, who were not. They probably take a different view of things. Lives there a man with soul so dead Who never to himself hath said This is my own, iny native land. — These lines may seem bombastic but they contain the secret of the success of most Scotchmen. I come from an old graft in Scotland. 1 am therefore entitled to say I am proud of my country and am a graft of the old country. (Ap plause.) It is a great pleasure tor one to propose the toast of the Caledonian Society of this town. It is an honour I did not look forward to to-night. Let me say one thing. Stick to that, cling to it ! Be a Caledonian Society, cherish it for ever and ever and stick to it. (Applause.) It is a tower, and many of you will go home to see the old land again, but remember always that you come from there. (Applause.) I am proud of it and glad that I did come from Scotland. (Applause.) And I am proud to feel that you all remember it and will always remember that you came lrom Scotland— if not actually born there your forebears were. Nothing gives me greater pleasure than to propose this toast. Long may they live and prosper, and long may they lie able to do to Scotchmen as they have dune to him who now thanks them most heartily for it. (Loud applause.) The chairman in responding spoke of the aims of the association and gave a short his tory of its career. Another song by Mr. Godsall was followed by the toast of the Municipality, proposed by Mr. Maycs and responded to by the Mayor in out and out colonial fashion. A song by Mr. Mustard, the toasts of the 'Press,' and the ''Ladies,' and the 'Chair- man,' brought this very enjoyable function to a close. 