THE POLITICAL SITUATION. To the Editor. Sir,— There is one phase of the political trouble which has been totally overlooked, or which has been wilfully suppressed by the sham liberalism of to-day, and that is what might be called The Irish Question in Australia. I refer to the in fluence exercised by the Eomish Church. If every grataiying to most men to be thought liberal, broad-minded, and generous- but broadminded nesB which sacrifices truth, right, and liberty on the altar of liberalism is the most arrant and un patriotic cowardice. Let a man say one word re garding this influence now and he meets with un limited vituperation and abuse. He is an intole rant bigot, he flaunts the bloody shirt, he raises the Kiama ghost, and ia, in Bhort, a yellow cur. Let ;him shut his eyes to the light and refuse to read the signs of the times; let hJTn pint- hia principles and crawl after a temporary and fickle popularity; let him always prefer the expedient of the right, and he is a liberal of the liberals. As man has only to say to a church dignitary that ' whether as a private citizen or public man his services are his Grace's to command,' and he's a better man than our forefathers, who dearly bought us liberty of speech and liberty of the press. This reminds me that the liberty of the press does not seem too much assured yet. We are too prone nowadays to let one section of the people— and that the most conservative of all — judge a man's liberalism according to its own measures. . Is this broad-mindedness, or is it cringing cowardice ? ' To be bullied and bow wowed out of your loyalty to the God of light by big phantasms . and three-hatted i-tiiTncwui. Can I call that by the name of nobleness and human courage ?' says Carlyle. But this is exactly the state of things existing amongst us to.day. Even at the risk of being met with a charge of raising sectarian bitterness — and this miserable cry is the old defence, ' no case, abuse the other side'— IdeBire to refer to a few facts, and facts ate stubborn things. Is it not a fact that the great desertion of freetrade by a great number of people being suddenly con verted to protection some time back, meant that the church had adopted this policy* as a means of getting a subservient party in power? And the end, I suppose, justifies the means. Is it not a fact that the vast majority of this com munion shed their political skins and clothed their nakedness in the musty garment of protec tion ? How many of them remained true to f rte- trade, which had been the fixed and recognised policy of the country? Echo answers, how many? When the working classes, falling nicely into the trap, sent in men of their own pledged to ffink the fiscal issue, how many of this faith among the Labor members -remained true to their solemnly signed pledges ? ° Echo again answers, how many ? Take any electorate you like you will find that this vote goes solid for protection. Examine the division lists of our Assembly, and you will see that this vote, find this vote alone, keeps in power the party which has brought this noble country of such vast resources into such a deplorable state. Patronage is now the great aim in political life, and parliamentary government is fast descending into government by ' pushes.' It amuses me when a member of this faith is very indignant with the present Government, and is going to vote against them. When it comes to voting, how often does he vote against the Government ? For illustra tions see Hansabd. We see these signs of the times daily, but we must shut our eyes to them, else we are rabid sectarians and intolerant bigots, we are use the OBtricn hiding his head in the sand. We cry peace when there is no peace. The majority of churches are concerned ' solely about religion, but this church is ad mittedly seeking temporal power, and is decidedly aggressive. However good Home Eule for Ire land may appear in the abstract, we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that the church is throwing all its influence in the scale, and history does riot lead us to believe that human progress is its aim* ' The principal obstacle to human progress is the Eomish priest, and those who think that civilisa- . tion will destroy him easily are mistaken,' wrote the great Garibaldi to one of our own citizens. Is not the Irish vote the most troublesome factor in American politics ; and is it hot practically the same with the Ultramontane party in Germany to-day ? Methinks our manhood is dormant while the credit of our country is pawned. Patronage reignB instead of patriotism. Though deserving commercial disaster and ruin stare us in the, face, ' we must be mealy mouthed as ever. Those who hold the capital of the world are not blind. They have grasped the situation long ago. When we get a party in power ruled by patriotism, whoBe merits are its safeguard of power, whose life is not at the giddy caprice of such -a vote, then and not till then -will prosperity return.— Tours, &c;, AUSTEAL1AN NATIVE. 