SUNDAY SC&OOL; Tfaov anniversary of the Ie Reef Sunday School took Friday last in the Schoolro®, a proved a great success. In thet noon a tea-meeting was held, y by a putilic meeting, both "ivere largely attended. Tbe < building lias' been consideralj; 1 larged, and was tastefully dec for . the occasion. The tettss, were "well provided with choice ii were presided over by Jles Carman, Edwards, and Jones, 1 Misses Edwards (2), C Beynon, Hughes, Griffiths : • At the public meetiug tl -taken by the Rev. T. Beeson, t minister. The report and sheet were read by Mr. C. HTO and showed that- £0 was left fn»i previous year, which had been to the building fond. Doaath amounting to £20 9s. 3d. had It received. At the opening of the si ia'Deceinlje'r, £10 16s. 6d. TO 5 tained, the expenditure amonnatti £3.5s., thus leaving a nett liabu £7 lis.- •fid., and making a grand t of fe37 0s. 9d. The contract for J enlargement was' L£2, thus sho«ial deficiency of IA 19s. 3d, The sail ance of scholars was 20 in the tuotdj and 66 in the afternoon. -' Mr. Beeson stated that he pleased to see so many persons p and had pleasure in introducing^ Varley, who expressed himself as lea well pleased with the progress nuM the-school. During the course d H address Mr. Varley dwelt on tlietffll of conversion, and trusted that 1. present would give their hearts it Christ. . The following programme uas it dered during the evening Spider," Fanny Edwards ; solo, "Iio Dame B100111," Robert Staccv: "5 ghost in the lane," Priscills tt duet, " Jesus loves me," L Ed™ and -F. Hughes; "Little Carpeme, Joe Little; " The careful niessen?"'| W. Cousins ; duet, " The Moot, 1 t| and J. Stacey ; " Little Willie sol if Apple," Lillie Hughes ; "The ati" pear," Agnes Hughes; short FjM^I Bessie .Beynon : " Lessons," Hughes - "The learned pia'-'J-Ur:; reading, "The ilelhonrne Cup/ : Ge» Maxwell.-. •At intervals the children rrafe several songs in good style, S* Carman leading,Jalid Mr. CaraacF siding at tlie harmonium. The meeting closed with the votes of thanks. After the proceedings a supper held, which was much enjoyed bj ths present. • 