SCRIPTURE READING. KJEPORT BY MR. HARTLEY. The Inspector-General of Schools (Mr. J. A. Hartley) has forwarded to the Minister of Education a report npon Scripture-reading in the State schools of New South Wales, which colony he recently visited. The text of the report is as follows : — I have the honor in accordance _ with yonr instructions respectfully to submit the following notes and observations made on my recent visit to New South Wales to enquire into the system of Scripture lessons in the public schools of that colony. I had the ad vantage of an interview with the Minister of Education (the Hon. F. B. Suttor), and with the Undersecretary (Mr. E. Johnson). It is hardly necessary to say that information was freely given, and every facility afforded for making personal enquiries in the schools. The teachers whom I met were also extremely courteous and obliging, and rendered my task comparatively an easy one. It may be con venient in the first place to quote the sections of the New South Wales Act which relate to religious instruction in schools. They are as follows : — 1\. Secular Instruction, eection 7.— In all schools under this Aot the teaching shall be striotly non-sectarian, bat the words ' secular instruction' shall be held to include general religious teaching as distinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology. 2\. Speoial Religious Instruction, section 17. — In every publio school four hours during each school-day shall be devoted to secular instruction exclusively, and a portion of each day, not more than one hour, shall be set apart when the children of any one religious persuasion may be instructed by the clergyman or other religious teacher of such persuasion, but in all oases the pupils receiving such religious instruction shall be separated from the other pupils of the school. And the hour during which such religious instruc tion may be given shall be fixed by mutual agreement between the Public School Boaid in consultation with the teacher of such school and the clergyman of the district, or such other person as may be duly authorised in his stead ; and any classroom of any public school may be used for such, religious instruction by like agreement. Provided that if two or more clergymen of different persuasions desire to give religious instruction at any school the children of each such different persuasion shall be so instructed on different days. Pro vided also that the religious instruction to be so given shall in every case be the religions instruction authorised by the church to which the clergyman or other religious teacher may belong. Provided, further, that in case of the non-attendance of any clergyman or religious instructor, such period shall be devoted to the ordinary eecular instruction in such school. Section IS. — Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the last preceding section no pupil in a publio school shall be required to receive any general or special religious instruc tion if the parents or guardians of such pupil object to such religious instruction being given. The question is further dealt with in the fol lowing regulations, whioh have as usual the force of law : — 1\. Religious Views of ^Pupils or of Parents, 148.— Nothing most ever be said or done by any teacher in a pupil's hearing or presence calcu lated to offend the religious views of that pupil, or of any other in the school, or of the parents of any such pupiL 2\. Time-table, 150. — The time-table to ba observed in the schools is the following: — Except that in oases within the proviso to the preceding regulation the time in each instance will be naif an hour later than specified. From 9 to 10 — Special religious instruction, or in publio or provisional schools where no religious teachers in attendance, ordinary in struction. 8\. Speoial Religious Instruction, 151. — Where the time specified for special religious instruction is inconvenient some other hour may be fixed by mutual agreement between the Public School Board, the teacher, and the person giving such instruction. 4\. Instruction in Sohools. — Course of in struction, 155— The course of secular instnio tion, as the term is defined in the Public Instruction Act, shall be as follows for each class: — Infant department (Scripture)— Narratives and moral lessons. GlEtS AND BOYS. First class (Scripture)— Narratives and moral lessons, Old Testament No. L Second class (Scripture)— LN.B. Old Testament No. 1, moral lessons. Third class (Scripture) — LN.B. Old Testament No. 1, New Testa ment No. 1. Fourjth class (Scripture)— I.N.B. Whole series. Fifth class— As for fourth class. The same regulation specifies the standard of proficiency to be reached by each class in each half-year, but this is in every case the same as in the course of instruction quoted above. The following table showa the value of marks allotted for Scripture in each class : reading, writing, and arithmetic being also stated for comparative purposes : — In- Class Class Claw Class Class fanta, I. n. HI. IV. V. Reading _ 100 100 100 100 100 SO Writing „ 60 60 100 100 103 80 Arithmetic- 100 1C0 100 100 l^O 100 Scripture - 30 80 39 60 60 60 The next regulations are the 'conscience, clauses.' Special Religious Instruction, 157. — No pupil is to be required to reoeive speoial reli gious instruction if the parents or guardians of such pupil object to such religious instruction being given. General Religious Instruction, 158. — Where any parent or guardian objects to a pupil receiving the general religious instruction prescribed in the course of instruction, notification to this effect shall be made to the teadher in writing. Denominational Books, 159.— The teacher, in all schools under the superintendence of the Minister, shall see that the religions books employed in the classes for speoial religious instruction are confined to the time and place of such instruction, and not left in the way of children whose parents may object to them. It will thus be seen that Scripture lessons form a part of the regular work in every school from the highest class to the lowest. A care ful inspection was made of the teaching in two large Sydney schools, with a daily attendance of 1,400 and 700 respectively, and these obser vations were checked by enquiries made in a country school (850 average) about 70 miles from Sydney. I was assured on all hands that what was eeea might be takes . as typical of the work in any one of the public schools in the colony. The Scripture lessons (each lasting three quarters of an hour) appear to be given as a rule onca a week. It will give a better idea of the nature of the instruction if the work set down for certain classes is specified in detail. It must be under stood that this programme showB the lessons to be given during the current quarter, January to March, 1893. Class IL (Lower Division).— Old Testament, 1\. Lessons 1—4. The creation; Adam in paradise ; creation of the woman ; fall of Adam and Eve into sin. Glass IL (Upper Division).— Old Testament, 1\. Lessons, 9—12. From the deluge to the oall of Abraham ; call of Abraham ; history of Abraham continued ; covenant of God with Abraham. ClasslIL (LowerDivision).— Old Testament, 1\. Lessons, 17—20. Death of Abraham; birth of Esau and Jaoob ; Isaac goes to Gerar ; Esau marries two wives; Jacob by stealth receives his father's blessing; his flight; his reception in Mesopotamia ; his return with his family to Canaan. Class III. (Upper Division).— Old Testament. 1\. Lessons, 21 — 25. Meeting of Jacob and Esau; altar at Bethel; death of Rachel; Joseph sold by bis brethren ; his imprison ment in Egypt ; made governor of Egypt. Class IV. (Lower Division). — New Testa ment, 1. Lessons, 7 — 12 ; i.e., about three and a half ohapterB o{ St. Luke's gospel. Class IV. (Upper Division).— New Testa ment, 2. Lessons, 1 — 10; i.e., chapters 1 to 12 of the Acts of the Apostle?. From this statement a fair idea may be gained of the amount of ground covered ; and it is hardly necessary to go into further detail though the programme of other classes are available if required. I may now give a short account of the lessons to which I had the privilege of listen ing, or. to be more accurate, the questioning on previous lessona. Infant Department. — The little ones were questioned on the birth cf Christ, the visit of the wise men, the star in the east, the gifts they brought. They were told not to let Herod know; why? ' Because Herod thought Jesus had come to take away his palace.' i.1U SU. UCDUD UlU UUU IAJU1V3 ilU BLS }U tt beautiful house, but to teach us how to be good and love God.' (This was almost the only really religious remark I heard.) After eight days Jesus was taken to the temple, 'a fine building, not like our little Sydney churches,1' 'just as oar little children are taken to church to be baptised.' (No mention of even the name circumcision.) An old man was there, Simeon, a prophet ; the promise to Simeon ;. he was very glad to see the child Jesus and said he was quite ready to die now. Anna, the propuetee?. Tina lesson was well given ; in fact I am in clined to pronounce it quite the best I heard. The teaoher was a young girl and ake de cidedly interested her pupils. Infants (Another School).— Questioning on the life of Moses, bis birth, names of his fattier and .mother, his cradle in the Nile, Miriam's watch over him, the finding by the princess. CUfift II. .(Boy*).— On Abrabauv* s&crine;»-o£ leaac. 'WbUe listening to tida lesson I re gretted to notice the familiar way in which the name of the Deity was used. ! ClasslIL (Boys).— On the call of Abraham. The class read for about ten minutes ; then at map was drawn on the blackboard and- the Euphrates, Tigris, Jordan, Dead Sea, Sea of Galileer Bethel, Ai, and Jerusalem were taught. This lesson was well given, but rather from ft geographical point of view. .. -rU Class V. (Boys).— Twenty-two ladB were present, and they were above the average in intelligence. They were questioned on: the. escape of the Israelites from Egypt; the in-. stitution of the Feast of the Passover ; giving of the law by Moses from Mount Sinai ; his forty days on the Mount ; the Two Tables j the Feast of Pentecost. Then by an easy transition the teacher passed to the descent of the Holy Ghost on the apostles at- the Feast of irentocost, the gift of tongues and its use. - In all cases the pupils appeared to have * fairly satisfactory knowledge of the portion of Scripture history which formed the basis of the questions. ' It may come as a surprise to many to learn that the Irish National Scripture lesaon books do not appear to be read. \ An examination of the code of regulations issued by the New South Wales department shows that the teachers are nowhere enjoined; to have these books read. They are quoted to show what the course of instruction is to be? and consequently what will be the nature of the inspectors' examination. It may also be presumed to be implied that the teachers must not go beyond what is stated in the books. {? From the nature of the case all lessons in infant departments must be given orally, and as a matter of fact they appear to be given in the same way in both boys' and girls' schools. The exact facts for the sohools I visited are as follows :— School A (Boys).— The books are never seen. School B (Boys).— Sometimes the pupils read for ten minutes at the beginning of the lesson, the rest being oral. School B (Girls). — A reading lesson may perhaps be taken qnoe in three months. School C (Boys and Girls). — The books are never read. In reply to questions the teachers stated that they believed She general practice throughout the colony to be to give the lessons orally, not to read from the books. / It is not a matter for surprise that the teachers do nob confine themselves to the read ing of these text-books. However well adapted they may be not to offend the prejudices of any section of Christians — and this would appear to be the special object which the compilers had. in framing them— there can be no doubt that ' from an educational point of view they are .very poor books indeed. It is difficult to con ceive of anything more dull and uninteresting than a lesson which should consist merely of reading these passages with an explanation of the words marked for particular notice! ? Moreover, there are certain parts of the books which would be better omitted altogether by boys and girls. Having the best interests of the children at heart, and being naturally anxious to make their lessons as bright and effective as possible, the teachers give them orally, and in so doing every one with expe rience of young children most agree with them. The general impression left upon my mind is that in the Sydney schools regular and satis factory instruction is given in Scripture his tory, with somewhat of a tendency to select stories from the Old Testament in preference to the New. I do not consider that these IeB3ons are religious, and this is a perfectly natural consequence. No special time of the day is set apart, but now in the morning and now in the afternoon a lesson in Scripture history takes its place between one in reading and another in arithmetic. It is a part of the regular business of the institution and there is no special reverence about it. ,-- I must not be understood to refleot in the slightest decree npon either the system or the teachers who are carrying it oat. The depart ment followB the Act in prescribing this work, and the teachers loyally observe their instruc tions. 1 Exemption from attendance. — The regula tion by which parents are permitted to with* draw their children from the Scripture lessons has been quoted above. No statistics are available to show how many children are exempted, but I was informed at the offioe that the number is not considerable. Some enquiry was made in the schools with the fol lowing result : — Out of a class numbering 90 there were eight children who did not attend — four Jews, two Roman Catholics, two free thinkers. In another class there were ten out of 70 ; all were Romaik Catholics or Jews. In the schools visited it appears to be looked on as a regular thing that) Catholic and Jewish children are withdrawn from the Scripture lessons, the latter, however, not always when the instruction in the Old Testament. Special Religions 1 Instruction. —The religious body whioh avails itself to the greatest extent of the permission to give special instruction to the children of its own members dnring school hours is the Church of England. A committee has the matter under its care, and most of the city and suburban schools are regularly visited by either clergymen, paid catechists, or ladies. In the country the organisation is much less complete. The Presbyterians take the next place, and then the Wesleyans and the Jews. The other religious bodies do very little in this direction. There is not the slightest friction in the arrangements. Tbe . department does all in its power to facilitate the work of clergymen or other authorised reh'gious teaohers. No teaoher employed by the department can take any part in the special religions instruction. The rule governing teachers' actions is very stringent. I* is— 30\. Teachers of all ranks are required to abstain from participation in any publio meet ings or other gatherings on party, political, ox sectarian topics, and generally to refrain from all action in euch matters calculated to give offence to any section of the community or to impair their own usefulness as teaohers; they must also abstain from publio controversy npon the merits of the system of education now in force, and^ from acting as local preachers, lay readers^' or local correspondents of newspapers. No statistics can be produced showing .the number of sohools in which special religious instruction 1b given. - ?- ?? . Attitude of the Churches towards the Edu cation System.: — With one exception the churches appear to be satisfied with the educa tion system. They value the help given to then- in their Sunday-school work by the instruction in Scripture history in the publio sohoola,^nd they value the privilege of attending to give1 special denominational teaching to the children of their own members. The Minister end -the Under-Seoretary informed me that these' re ligious bodies do not try, and apparently do aot want, to get anything more. v ) - The one exception is the Catholia Church. Consistently with its stated policy this charch declines to recognise any education which is not condnoted in strict accordance with its own methods. Hence great, efforts have been made to establish separate Catholic schools, and by the help of the Marisfe Fathers and other teaching orders good pro gress has been made. AS none of the sohoola visited did I find moro than a few Catholio children, but there were in the immediate neighborhood large schools belonging to thai church. Of course in sparsely-populated districts the only place at which education can be obtained is the public school, but en 'the whole the number of Catholio ohildren taught by tha State is very much smaller in proportion than the Catholio population. Though no doubt a number of children belonging to this church do actually attend the general Scripture1 lessons, as far as I could gather the policy of the clergy is to require the. children to be withdrawn. Ou the other hand Catholic teachers employed in the publio schools give the Scripture lessons to their classes in the usual way. { No statistics are available to show the number of Catholic children in attendance at* the publio schools. . ^_^^^_^^.^^^ 