CRICOKET.. JOTTINGS. BY " MOSQUITO." Looks as though another victory were uast ahead. 'Twould be even more in our grasp if Hughie was only ont. The genial Major favoured the.match with his presence, and applauded enthn siastically throughout the afternoon. Harry Stuckey and Jack Carlton deserve special mention for their con tributions.. Charlie Armstrong lost his wicket through a mis-hit, the bat turned in his hand. Bad luck Charles. Dick Houston's appearance as skipper universally approved of. Still, in fairness, give Beany a passing word of praise. Mr. Taylor, the genial scorer for the Metes is one of those gentlemanly persons that make you thoroughly appreciate his Cbotpaney. Who is to take the lions' share of praise tip to time of drawing stumps last Satur day.? The two trundlers who effected such a suprise against the 'Roy, Houston, for his captainship, or who? Anyway, boys, shake hands with yourselves up to the present; but remember you're not out of the woods yet. Capewell is certainly to be complimented on the excellence of the wicket prepared; It would do justice to any of the Mac's of renowned fame. The recently appointed curator could find a lot of his time most profitably employed in painting the fence, if not all, round in front of the pavilion; it would certainly be a decided improvement, and couldn't cost much, provided raw materials were used, We suggest it to the Rec reation Reserve Committee in the hope that good results may ensue. This is good business. Geo. Robertson sol 18 tickets for e Married v Singl mach n adi of the iueen.land Food Belief Fund last Saturday, in about ten minutes. Bravo, George. Genial Major Wardill showed sympathy in connection with the Flood Fund match, and dipped low and long in his pocket. Thoroughly practical this. But it's the old story over again-" Gentlemen will be gentlemen all the world over." Quite a crowd of enthusiastic supporters of the grand old game attended the matchi And were rewarded by seeing sterling play on both sides-particularly "our side." Green, a recent addition to the ranks of the big city club, fielded splendidly, time and again being applauded for his brilliant ground work. The new pair of gloves that Tommy For dons to-morrow might bring good luck. Hope so. We're not a batting team, but we can perhaps put up a score that the visitors may find it hard to top; and if so there'll be joy in the local camp. * What's the matter with the clock in the pavilion ? Jack Howlett's contribution last Satur day'said to be one of the best he'splayed for the club, and, as I have said before; he's a good coming man for North. He gives them all a start in that late cut of his.' He most, however, only blame him self for being run out, as he hadn't the ghost of ashow to get home. Use better judgment, Jack. Denny Cotter's wicket keeping was the theme of admiration. In fact, it was quite 18 carat, and as Woody puts it, he was perfectly a-irao1e. See it ? Beany, with the elements behind him, rocked in some snorters. If you don't believe it ask Frank Walters and Jim Phillips. Melbourne require 101 to top our score. OCn they do it? That's the question. Tea, that's right; it's only conjecture yet. You never can tell till the numbers go up. Ha ! ha ! I nearly forgot to add that a new addition in the shape of another stool has found its way into the press box. It's welcome, and the powers that be are sin cerely thanked for their consideration. " Bob McLeod is a good bowler, and the amount of work he got on last Saturday, on a billiard-table wicket, speaks volumes. He'll be a succeess at home, mark my - :wrords. Capewell has been elected curator of the ground. The appointment will, no doubt, give universal satisfaction, as he is a pains taking fellow, and above all, a worker. That's just what is wanted. The committee of the Married v. Single contests desire to thank, through these columns, Mr. E. E. Bean, secretary of the North Melbourne C.C., and all the committee of management of the reserve, for their kindness in placing the ground at their disposal on Wednesday last, and also for their unselfishness in abstaining and depriving themselves of practice until stamps were drawn. This is as It should be, and the old club will not lose any of the old members, but I am sore will gain new ones for their kind con sideration. 