TOE WIDE WORLD. Tbe tallest-building in Sttsiholm is the hageiron lattice-work tower-cf the .cental telBphone depot. Myriads of wires nm from it, darkening the sir. Everyone, is Sweden, uses tbe telephone, and uses it, moreover, very much. In ibe boarding houses of tbe SwediA capital tbe most "significant feature in tbe routine is its never-ending telephonic babble-. When a correspondent of thfc"Comhill," who was etaying at one of these establishments, awoke in the morning it was to bear the jingle of the bells in the corridor outside his room and the iteration of the word hvad" (what?) One [morning be asked tiie landlord, who was at tbe machine, what it ail meant. His wife, be replied, was haying some stores, and was telling him about them and their prices, and be, oa bis part, was shouting bad: to tell her in which particulars the prices seemed reasonable and in which unreasonable. Another day . tbe writer's landlord went for a sledge drive into the country. When be had been gone two hours tbe telephone began to be -. annoying, and bis wife stayed at it a long time crying "Obi" and Ah 1 " and "yes" and "no." "It is monsieur," explained a young lady who bappeaed to be standing by. - " He is resting for dinner at , and is informing madame about the incidents of bis excursion and the details of tbe meal that is being prepared for Not even a Westminster election, memorable as the eleotions for that ciiy have been, is better -remembered than that of 1784, in which Fox, The Man of tbe People,' was opposed by Sir Cecal Wzay. •*V33iere wBre 20,000 votes, according to the •Sfimrs ot -Qae^ns of Society, to;be polled, and tbe opposlng parties resort d ~1p any means' of intimidation or -violence -or per-- auaston which political enSmsiaan: could anggeat^ On -tbe dghtb day the poll was" •gainst Ibe popular member, and he celled mpan'bis friends to make a great effort on bis behalf. It was then that tbe 'ladies' canvass' began. Lady Dansaimon, the Duchess of Derauhire, Mra Crewe- and Mrs Damsr dressed tbemselveB in' blue and bufl—the colors of the AmwrioaTi Independents, which Fox bad adopted and wore in tbe bouse of Commons—and set out to visit the purlieus of Westminster. Here in their enthusiasm they shook the dirty of bonest .workmen, expressed tbe greatest interest in their wives and families, and even, as in tbe case of. Duehess of Devonshire, submitted their fair cheeks to be kissed by tbe possessors of rotes. At tbe butcher's shop tbe owner, in bis apron and sleeves, stoutly refused his-vote exoept on one condition—* Would her Grace give him a kiasf Tbe request was granted, and the vote, thus purchased went to swell the majority which finally secured tbe return of H e Man of the People.* " ! Ihe last number of tbe " Yladivostock," a newspaper published in Eastern Siberia, reveals a terrible state of affairs among fhs 'cobviots on the island of Saghalien. It would appear that the convicts there have been treated by some of the subordinate prison authorities eo harshly that the Governor of the island bas been, obliged to interfere for their protection. A warder named Khanoff and some of bis assistants, who at one time wen con viola themselves and had been raised to the rank of gaolers, bave been removed from their poets. KhanofTe treatment of bis prisoners was so abominable tbat a number of them fnppl«Mi themselves of set purpose, cutting off fingers "and toes in- order to be treated as invalids, and'to be freed from bis terrible cruelties. Others fled to tbe impenetrable forests, where they suffered all the horrors of hunger. In a satchal belonging to a fugitive convict, who "bad been bunted down, was found some pieces of human flesh. Investigation revealed tbat tins man bad been one of aparty of four, and that only one of them now remained. Tbe others bad been killed and derored by their comrades. Similar cases of cannibalism are, acoordiog to the Siberian jiurnsl, not nfrequent. A writer in an English paper cires an amusing; but, 1-fee.r, nnveracious aocount "of a .performance of "Hamlet," wliioh -took place in Melbourne as far back as 1353. Ihe moody Dane, ^according to this piece of stage romance, was" tmderstacded not' of tbe pioneers of tbe eariy . fifties.' " Ihe audience treated tbe whole seme, with goodhumored fun. One was so impressed by the king that be banded the stage monarch a bottle of brandy by (be "thong of stock whip from the gallery. The third act was transformed into a moat colloquy between the gravedigger audthegold diggeis from Ea^leltawk, made up of natural enquiries about tbe depth of sinking and the return par tub, which so tickled Hamlet that be gave up tbe soliloquy and joined in tbe joking. Ultimately, Hamlet, Ophelia and the Ghost, in undress, were obliged to appear before tbe footlights to bear a pelting shower of nuggets as a substitute for bouquets." This is, undoubtedly, very amusing, but scarcely credible. I suspect tbe explanation is that the performance mw so infernally bad that tbe people threw pieces of quartz at the aotors, who thereupon went away to tbe nearest publichouse, and boasted that they hadhad nuggets thrown to them. Those old diggers were not the men to. lavish a " pelting shower of nuggets'' upon menglera of Shakespeare. Since several of the Parisian managers have abolished the rule which forbade the admission of ladies to seats , on the floors of the theatres, either in the stalls or the pit, the question of wearing bonnets and bats at- the play has been much discussed. Even at the old-faahioned Theatre Francois, ladies are admitted to the last six rows-of ibe stalls at the back, and the pittites uomplaia bitterly about their view of tbe stage bemg. obstructed by small mountains in the guise of hats. M. Claretie, tbe Administrator- , is strongly ia fcvnr. of Ibe rule of "bats off," bat he hesitates to take so deeded a step as topio- Klnt them with the.same rigor as sticks and umbrellas, which playgoers are compelled to oave in tbe corridors, chiefly in the interests of the -oavreuees," orbox-keepera. At the old Opera Italien and the Opera Comique the -wearing of hats was strictly iorhidden, and tbe measure seems on the whole to have been popular. Unquestionable it was so with membersof tbe male sex. It is related o£ M. l&nrel; that spying one sighi when ba' .was going to rang a lady with her bonnet oil sitting iu tbe dress circle, he sent a peremptory request for her to remove it, failing which he said he wonld decline to appear. A practical school of magnetism, our Paris Paris, under the ausmces ^f the Magnetio Society of France. All branches of ooeult soienoes wiH be Uught by medical men and specialists, andtbe opening lectoree will take place on 2nd October, at 23 Hue Saint HT»rr; Hitherto these subjects could only be nfiqnired at ibe Medical College of Nancy, and at the Hospital of La Salpetiiere, in Paris, the scene of tbe late Profesaor Charcot's investigations. Tho course of studies at the Practical School will be divided into-two parts. The first will- inrlnde ten lessons iof descriptive anatomy, twelve on physiology, twelve on the t history of magnetism, twelve', oa ^'gnrtifi f physiology, twdve on methods uid theories, wdreonmsguf^tlu^peb^icsandacourseof • dozen lectures on points hot includes in Ibe' ^ nsgcamme! ..wch aa «hemSstry,-i Ji^gane; o Wdxtygr, morals, spiritism, :oooidiism, &s.; I 3w «eeond put wOllnelBd* £ftean«xpai.' mental lessons /md a hccdredglinical seances. Students will feaaive after examination a diploma of practioelmagneSsEi. Among tbe prpffflfiors are Dr. Tigoroux (esatomy), pr. Xacansse {phyaolngy), J>I. Bo6xel, of tbe <• Journal deli Eeojromietes" (hiftsry of magnetism-) and M. DnrrHle fmagnetiias, be ). President Carnot has been singulac^ iQreqaitecf for a generous action. It wilS be remembered tbat in 1339 a man named PerAi fired a revolver at tbe President, fortunately only with Hank cartridge, as tbe latter wasleaving tbe Elysee to proceed to Versailles on the occasion of tbe centenary of the opening of the famous States General. Perrin was arrested, tried for his offence, and sentenced to four months* imprisonment. As be was the father of a large family, M. Carnot took pity oa him, and immediately on bis release gave him en appoint, meat in the Ostrm or Town Does Service of Crepy-en-Valois. Recently it was discovered that Perrin's accounts were irregularly kept, and it turned oat on inspection that be bas for a long time past been misappropriating public money and making false entries in the books to conceal tbe fact. The judge of tbe Assize Court of the Department of tbe Oise has sentenced bim to tbe mvrinmm penalty, two years'imprisonment. We are given to understand, says an Indian paper, by a sorter in the Southern Madras Kail way Mail Bcrvioe, who went a few days ago to Nanjangood, tbat a tigress visited the Agrabaram that day at 12 o'clock, and carrifd away an ass to a oave adjacent to the Kapla Biver. The matter spread, and tbe people rushed about to learn this troth. The matter was reported to the police, who burnt ^ round about the cave with kerosene oil. The tigress came oat in great fury, when One Setti of tbe place clothed himself with iron covering, and stabbed tbe .tigress on the spot. !Qie next day. a tiger came in search of tbe tigress, and was noticed by a wayfarer, who reported the matter to the residents. Tbe same Setti noticed it sheltered in a cave close by a bamboo garden. He. at ontse went to shoot it, but in run. It rushed out in fury and caught the Setti, who tried hia best to cscape from it, bat, alas 1 be had to fall a victim to its fury. The spectators finding the man dead, shot tbe tiger immediately. A striking illustration of the miachiet of what is known as "the spoila" system in tbe United -States is furnished by a correspondent of the^ "New York Nation," who draws attention to tbe case of tbe postmaster at Nantasket, Massachusetts. This unfortunate official, who is described as a " Eepublican, but in no sense an offensive partisan," was appointed by President Arthur, and held his office through tbe whole of Mr Cleveland's first term, and through Mr Harrison's term—in all about nine years. When be was appointed the .oESce was a small one, but it bas increased during his ^ftpp, until number of letters is double what it was when he was appointed. Moreover, nine-tenths of the residents using ihe office bave, without regard to party considerations, signed a remonstrance against bis removal, and • number of well known badness men of Boston, Democrats and Republicans, who are summer residents, have written stating tbat he ought to be retained in office. For all this the unfortunate Republican postmaster of Kantasket has just been removed to make way for a Democratic applicant, who, it is affirmed, though in other regards a worthy person, is unable from lack of education to perform the duties bimself. Hag Atmet-el-Assal, a pHgrim lately returned from ihe Mecca pQgrimoffo, has been narrating the terrible, experiences of bis party to ihe editor of a native Egyptian .'paper oalled ibe " Mokattam." The pilgrim, whose respectability Is vouched for, we are told, by an Egyptian Sheik who is greatly respected in Cairo, declares tbat on returning from Mecca the " Bafilat" or detachment of the caravan to -which he belonged, and which was composed "of about 700 camels, left Bir-Said at daybreak and baited at- sunset at ibe foot of a ^mountain, on the -road to Yam bo. A few minutes after arriving there, the Rafilat, composed of men, women, and children, found themselves surrounded by Bedouins of the desert, who attacked them with the utmost savagery, slaying and maiming tbe men of the party. The hot, dry sand was wet with blood. Some of the women, after being robbed of their clothes -and valuables, were left to their fate ; the younger and better looking ones were carried off as slaves. With great difficulty the narrator of these facts escaped with his life. The poor pUgrims "eo crnelly outraged bad actually paid six piastres each and twenty piastres each for their camels to the Governor of Medina, to eeenre his protection aoainst the Bedouins. The conclusion drawn by the Egyptian paper is tbat the Ottoman Government is not really master of Arabia, but that ic leaves the Sheiks absolutely free to rob and plunder, provided they profess a nominal allegiance. 