SP0ET1NG NOTES. THE TURF. [By "Caima."] . • The racing at the B.J.C. meeting on Wednes i day and Thursday was very good, some of t he finishes being most exciting. The luck that has stuck to the St. Sidwell's stable is remarkable since Sainfoin was awarded the Caulfield Cup. : The}' have scored fully ade/.en wins since then, and added the Sandhurst Cup and Telegraph \ Stakes to its list on Wednesday. The running of Shotbok in both the Bendigo Handi cap and Cup was an eye-opener to the de tractors of Scobie's colt, who averred that ho could not stay. Running second in both events was not a p!:acantry for Scobic, but may be he will not be long before he scovca a win with this colt. Palo Alto's running on the second day was a decided im provement to that in the Cup, and, of course, unpleasant whispers were the usual outcome. Palo Alto was well up in the Cup at the dis tance, and h,id the winning post been thereT think he would have won. A mile and a quarter is just, a little too far for him, while the mile and the distance war. more suitable. StraightQre carae y/ith just r,ueh another rush in the Cup as he did in the Hotham Handi cap, and it remains to be seen if.-, he will follow in the footsteps of G'Xaroo and win the r.nxt Caulfield Cup. It would not surprise me in the. least to see him do it. Beinjr hv (3 rand Flaneur—Crossfire he has breeding in his favor. The success of Stoneberry, Brock hurst,Imum and Red Peer, and the great fir.hh of Ringmaster II. with John S., spoke well ot the abilities of local and: up-countiy trainers. The wins of Stoiiyborry and Red beer were very popular, Messrs. Conway and J. Moroney. receiving many congratulations. The improve ment in Red Deer is remarkable, and the way Barbour, the rider.of Glcuvicw.. (who had not the ghost of a shj.v in the-ruu .home), eyed .the natty little chestnut was _a study. Probably we .sl.^vl hear of Red Peer running in Melbourne shortly. The class of steeplechasers running now is only mediocre, and Red Deer should his own with case. In Glenview he Lo.it about the best that is at present running. And how did ho beat him ? His rider, M'Mahon, rode a very-coo! race and took him over his jumps cleanly and well, albeit ho struck, his stitlo once pretty heavily. Mr. Moroney is such a geniiil ov.-iior that I am sure his up-country friends wish him many more wins, and so do 1. Trrtum, who has won many races around the country meetings, showed a great dash ofootin the Telegraph Stakes, anH: had young Faulkner stuuk harder to ilia work lie would proWi'iy have won. On the second day the owner. sent for St. Arnaud Cox (the boy who rede such re markable races on Wonga' at',thc' Inst" spring meeting) to, ride Irr.tum in the Epsom Handicap. Although Irrturii was a good, five lengths in the rear at- the turn—itu'Itl be remembered Wong.". wa3 left behind' in all- Jiis races—Cox brought him along with' a trios: brilliant run, and won with the greatest of ease at the finish, thus up s-Vi,'.: vt'.t-'VA favorlle In •••.,. Yellow lioy merely cantered in in the Helling Hurdle Race, and made amends for his miisin;; this race last yc-ar. " Tas=y showed his oon.si; : teney by vinning the Watson Plate easily, although V.'iuliy v,..; nearly caught Tt i; many a day since so many horsey have been hacked for a trot, which is a health v Jenny, "Maggie, Scorpion, Silver King, "MasUt Crighton, Ulrica and Perth were all genuinely supported, the money being piled on to Silver King at the finish with a vengeance, while Ulrica was reckoned a dead cert. also. Silver King is not much to look at, but he cut down the field with the exception of the winner with great rapidity, and Ulrica's backers were quickly out of their misery, as he went clean away from the local horse, to whom he was conceding 3 see. Backer;; had the upper hand on the first day, but on the second the fielders got it all back, and I should imagine a little over. The arrangements at the coarse were perfret, and Mr. Hemming, the energetic secre tary, was here, there ami everywhere, looking out whore he could administer to the comforts of his natrons. Tho Ballarat Turf Club conclude their meet ing to-day on the Dowling Forest Course. Tha principal event is the Ballarat Cujl Opinions :— Hubdle Race.—Dreamer, 1; Fright, 2; By rock, 3. Auction Stakes.—Gracie, 1; Tempest, 2; Wildfire, 3. Ballarat Cop.—Cressy, 1; Shotbolt, 2; Lin bnrn, 3. String Handicap.—Chasm, 1; Primrose, 2; Baby, 3. Steeplechase.—Rebecca, l;Pftiroa,2; Docdi, 3. Flying Stakes.—Royal Master, 1; Playboy, 2; Earl King, 3. Ballarat Races. The Ballarat Turf Club commenced its Spring meeting yesterday. The results were:— IIcrdle Race.—Dreamer, 1; Grangsburn, 2; Storm, 3. Betting: 5 to 2 Dreamer. , Maiden Plate.—Hasty, 1; Battalion, 2; Ty rant, 3. Betting:. 5 to 4 Hasty. Dowli.no Forest Handicap.—Chasm, 1; Baby, 2; Tempest, 3. Betting: 3 to 1 Baby and Chasm. . Sellimj Race.—J.H., 1; Tempest, 2; Blight, 3 Betting: Even money J.H. HARRY NICKSON (Reg. V.R.C.), Beehive, Bendigo. STARTING PRICE Ou all 'eventa rim in the colonies. Double and Straight-out Books on Bendigo Cup ■ • and. Handicap. . . - 