CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. Missionary services were held in the Franklin-street Bible Christian Church on Sunday. The Rev. J. Thorne preached in the morning and the Rev. C. Tresise (president of the Conference) at night In the afternoon a young people's service ;was condnoted by the Revs. C. Tresise, J. Thome, and W. H. Cann. The president preached at night from tbe words "I am not ashamed of the gospel of Cbrist, for it it the power of God unto salva tion to every one that believeth." He said that the effect of preaching the gospel largely de pended;npon the spirit in which it was preached. The gospel was eminently calculated to inspire the grandest enthusiasm in the preacher. Paul preached it in such a way that he was ready to go anywhere to deliver bis message. Rome was the great centre of the world in that day—the home largely of philo sophers, poets, statesmen, warriors, painters, and sculptors. He was anxious to go there to preach. Not only to obscure places would be go, and to other cities and centres of less im portance, but to the very capital cf the world, tor he was not ashamed of the gospel of Christ He here affirmed why he was not ashamed—because it was God'B power to save. The preacher dwelt on the statement in the text that the gospel was God's power to salva tion. There was a political gospel preached, a gospel of science, of art, of commerce, and even of sanitation, but the gospel of Christ was a saving gospel in the deepest cense. It was an interesting enquiry as to why this unique power to save man was in Christ's gospel. There was a secret in the strength of Samson; there was also one in the renewing and saving energy of the gospel. Tbe main part of the mischief of sin was in the alienation of man's affections from God- The prime question was how to restore that love? The preacher stated that it oonld be done only on the same prin ciple which he laid down to guide the conduct of his people—lf thine enemy hunger feed him, &c.; so Christ1 c gospel was charged with divine love to men, and this being made teal and plain by the operation of the Holy Ghost it was the only way by which the happy relation between God and man could be restored, and this power was realised only on the condition of faith. The faith and reoep tiveneas of the hearar decided what result the preaching of this gospel would have on him. Believing gave life; unbelief left him in death. The evangelistio choir connected with the T.MjO.A. held a very successful "songser vice" on Sunday evening in the Theatre Royal, over 1,000 persons being present. The choir, numbering 60, rendered several choruses nicely, whilst solos, dnets, &o.; t were also con tributed. The audience sang alone several of Sankey'aoolleotiou, and short addresses were delivered by thegeneral secretary and members of the V.M.C. A. "Congregational martyrs of 1693" was the subject of a sermon preached by the Rev. F. W. Cox at the Port Congregational Church on Sunday evening. The text was taken from Hebrews, 11th chapter, 38th Term, "Of whom the world was not worthy." He said Robert Brown was one of the first who spoke cat for the principles now called Congrega tional. He was a minister of the Church of England and a master of arts of Cam bridge. His tenets spread rapidly, but his end was not commensurate with bis beginning, as be accepted favor in his old church. Nevertheless it was estimated that in the early years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth there were 6.000 Brownites in Eng land. Among those wno followed BrownV teachings were Henry Barren and John Green wood, both -Cambridge men, who were kept imprisoned for several years for their adherence to the new doctrine. At the Old Bailey in 1583 they were sentenced to death for publish ing seditious books, but werej reprieved. In 1586 they were taken to Tyburn, pat in the gallows, and ropes placed round their necks, I when a second reprieve name. After a short time the two men were again led to Tyburn, and this time hung, faithful witnesses untodeath for the words of Christ. The third martyr to the cause, John Penryn, was educated at Cambridge, became a preacher, and labored in Wales. In 1557 be was called to give an no count of himself before the Star Chamber for preaching where he bad no right to do so. In 1590 he was called to answer the more serions charge of writing Martin MarprelatAs'e traotr, but his authorship was not established. He then went to Sootland, and on returning to London in 1593 was arrested at Stepney by the vioar of the parish. He was told that the main part of tbe indictment against him had been found in bis desk in a] short notice of an address which was intended to be given but never presented to Queen Elizabeth. The papers were merely private memoranda, and contained the words:—" The last days of your reign are turning against Jesus Christ and His gnapel and the maintenance of the same." He was sentenced to be sent to the gallows, and on May 29,1593, he was banged in the Kew Kens-road. Canon Green preached at St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, on Sunday evening upon the text "In my Father's house are many man sions." He alluded to the decease of the late Mr. J. E. Dem peter, saying the Church had Buffered a great loss in hi« death. He bad been a good friend to the Church and an able adviser, and his removal would no doubt be greatly felt The,anniversary services of the'Hindmarsh sqnare Congregational Church were con ducted yesterday, when three serviaes were beld. Floral decorations were arranged round the pulpit and organ, and fairly good congre gations attended. At the mornicK service the Rev. C. Bright officiated, and in the afternoon Mr. J. Vardon delivered an interesting ad drees to the children. In the evening the Rev. J. C. Korby was tbe pruacher. On Thursday a social will be beld in the school building. The organ of the Stow Church, which has I been considerably improved during -the last six weeks, was used for the first time at a Sun day service yesterday, and the alterations were appreciated. Good congregations assembled tad many favorable comments were passed on tiie instrument, which has been renovated at a cost of over £100. At the Kent Town Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening a "Service for the People" was conducted, and a very large congregation esembled. The service varied very much from that ordinarily held, and it iauot un likely that a series will be arranged. A volun tary, " Chorus of Angela," was played by Mr. W. Sanders, after which three prayers were intoned by the choir and congregation. "Lead kindly light" wan then given as an anthem, after which a hymn "At even'" was sune. Prayer was offered by the Rev. H. T. Burgess prior to the singing of another anthem, "To thee, Great God." A lesson from Luke xv. was read, after which Mr. C. E. Saint con tributed the solo "Calvary." Another hymn preceded a talk to young men, "Answers to the questions of a noble ambition," by the Rev. J. Haelam. Mr. A. E. Hawkes rendered the solo "The Holy City." and hymn "God the Father" followed. After tbe benediction a choral ** Amen" brought the service to a close. 