MUSIC AMD THE DRAMA. 1_BT ' GBATIANO.'] The only break in the week has been the production of Balfe'a ' Bohemian Girl,' on TaeBtlty night, at the Mechanics', by the Miritana Concert Company. The perfor nuince, on the whole, whj ft succesf, though not an onqualified one. Th* soloists for the most part deserved commendation, and Mrs JameB Anderson was pni'iaijLiittri.j' (jmiiiea to mention, ine ciua possesses a good orchestra, nad an excellent pianiste in Mrs Bowden, whosa playing cannot otherwise be spoken of than in terms of praise. FilUfi1 Circus is having a fine season in Hobart, and up to the present the proprietor has htd no reason to rugret visiting Tae Carl Hertz will visit the colonies again. Best year or the year following, coming on Jane Hading, the French actress, ia said to be more beautiful off the atap? than on, 8 he cUmoBt always wears hluck on the street, being probably quite well awsre that it sets off her wondfirf ol red-Rold hair, languishing eyp.a, and pale, mobile face advant&g; e o o aly . An Itali&n; compsscr named Ercolani in writing au opera called ' Tariddn's Son.' It iB to be am epilogue or seqnel to Oaval leria Busticana.' Tbe E rough amd Boucicault season at tbe Melbourne Princess' concludes on Pricay next. They will bo succeeded fay the Italian Opera Company, who commence a farewell season of thirteen eights, whec Cavalieria Eaeticana andl Fagliaeci will he produced the same evening, Miss Jeanie Lee has been Bpeofolly engaged as leading Boy (Boy Blue) in ' Little Ked Biding Hood ' at tbe Princess1 Theatre at OhriBtmEB. Miss Violet Turley will be principal Girl, fcnd these merry players should make a jolly little oauple. Alter the pantomime it ia Miss Lee1* intention to nro d&ct;? a new and original comedy written by a lady resident is Sidney. Meiers. Thornton and Arnold have etrnck the popular taste with ' Oharlt.y'a A.nnt,' us the comedy, wbich has been rnnning at one and is the work of Brandon Thornae, was received with great favor by a large audience at the rdelboarae Princess' nn Saturday night. The play pirtaktB largely of the element of farce, the arincipal effects being obtained by Kr Frank Thornton's representation ol an Oxford Btodcnt's aunt, and in this part he is quits as funny as hu was in his clever impersonation of the Private Secretary. Mr George Walton has arrived in Sydney to prepare for the forthcoming projection of ' Babes in the Wood,' at the Theatre Hojal, in which be will be associated with Mr John Gout-lay. In addition to the two principals, MieB Flora Hastings, Miss Evelyn Hartt, Mr Bobert Baxter, a&d; Mr Csmercn will appear in the Ohrifltmaa production of Panlton's burlesque. Madame Sarah Bcmhardt is embarking on thuatrical management at tbe Renaissance Theatre in Paris, She intends to abolish the claque, and also the fees of thoBe harpies, the ouvrevtet. Cloak-rooms are alfio to be free, and there will he no fees for booking seats inn.JvB.nce. Hiss Pattie Browne has been playiog, and playing very Bneceaef ally, the role of Agnes n 'The Other Fellow,11 at the Gonrt Theatre, London, in tbe temporary absence of MIbb Mr Billy Emerson returns to San Fran :ieco bv the Msripoea, Mr Walter Bentley will ooen at the Theatre Hoyal, Adelaide, on December 2, and » The 3ilver King' will be the piece de retistanre it a short eefison, During the season ' The Silence of Daun Maitland,' specially drama tised for Mr Bentlej, will be staged. Miss Lilla. Wilde is Mr Be lit ley 'e leading lady. After a fortnight at the Boyal the company will go to Bonth Africa. Mr E. J. Lonaen had a great reception on 1Kb October, at the London Lyric, on hie ippearance in 'Little Christopher Colum bus.' The style of tbe new burlesque m&y; be gathered tram the fact that ' at the World's Fair none of tbe visitors to the Ex hibition are a whit astonished when Mr Lonnen, after Btrntting about the Midway Plaiaance in Windsor uniform, suddenly appears as a Turkish Pacha, and being thrust like Falstaff in a back-b&sket;, forthwith emerges &B; anup-to- datetoaciiman,who claps his ' pals upon the back,' and the refrain of whose song ' Bumpty, Tumpty, Tiddley, Umpty,1 a delighted gallery vainly endea vored thrice to encore. From the time, in deed, that he lint appears in the streets of Cadiz as a etage Irishman— to sing the song ef ? The second Mrs Block,' who 'gives Panla Bay the knock/ and ia 'a sort of Second Mrs Tauqucray,* with the temper ' of the lady who's so naughty in the great Pinero'e piny' —down to the fall of tbe curtain on the chorus ot American duchesses and their 4 Poppas.' ' Once in the olden tiueB Ned Holloway was doing ' Hamlet11 round the N.B.W. country districts, and the idea seized him that the ghost ought to rise up oct of tbe ground for the Bake of effect. Ned was the ghost, and he tried the new idea that night, only the trap wasn't large enough and he stuck fast. Then he struggled desperately to get out, bat only stack faster. By hie gesticulations it wai evident that someone W0B shoving the broad-beamed spectre from below, and that the spectre waB imploring him to stop, hut his voice web inaudible amid the din. At last Hamlet, Folonins, the King of Denmark, and Laertes seized the vision and gave a lontr »nll all together, and rb that didn't shift him, and the language of tbe apparition began to be something tremendous, the curtain was dropped. After that the wraith always cane on in the nsnal way from the wings. It is eitimated that 6,000,000 women an earaiag wajres in the British Ulee, 