AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. i' T3 Australian aborigines havo a curious v* uylh wit!) regard to tho origin of water. They fay tliab originally there wan no water in Australia, Thoy gob along very comfortably without it till one day somo adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave wis held, and they deter mined to apply to the oldest and wheat inhabitant as to tho coinso to bo pursued to attain their objeet. Tho voncrablo nativo listened to their complaint and told them that tho water' was contained in tho fitomneh of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at tho top of ono of their highest mountainy. All that ivus required was to make him laugh, when tho water would run out of his mouth. Another great conKtilmftion was held, when it was decided that all tho animal* .should bo unkod to givo thoir co-oporation to obtain the desired result This thoy readily agreed to, and natives and nnimals repaired in a gtenb body to the toad'a mountain to try their powers in the way of laugh-raising.' Tho iirat to mako the essay way tho ana. He brayed so loud that ho might have been a demagogue expatiating on tho crimes of tho clauses as against the virtues of tho musses. He shook hia long ears till they rattled again, ho kiekod hia heela into tho nil' higher than any donkey had over elevated thom before, ho cut tho most fantastic capers, all to no use, and tho toad did not so much u.-i wink an eyelid. Crestfallen tho donkey retired, and tho cook strutted up with a neif-tmti.sfied aira* though he and ho alono knew the secret of how to mako tho toad laugh. Batatas for tho vanity of feathored aspirations, his crowing atvu flapping of wings had no snoro effect than hia predecessor's braying, and ho too retired discomfited. One niter tho other all the animals, bird;), and fishes tried their best to raise a laugh, bub with no bettor success, At last when everybody waa~ beginning to despair came the col wriggling along on tho ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an oyolid and watched ita contor tions. Seeing this tho eel rained himself into an arch and walked along on hia head and his tail. Those watching tho gigantio toad saw tho mu&clea; 01 his mouth begin to quiver. Now tho col twisted him&olf; into a single knob and walkod solely on hia head ? Lo ? and bohold tho toad smiled, and out of- each eido of hia mouth water began to tr'cklo down. Seeing this tho eel redoubled bin efforts, ho twisted himself into a doublo lenob and walked jauntily along on hia head and tail, This extraordinary performance waa too much for tho toad, ho opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed tho water it-, a mighty torrent down the mountain-side, and spreading ovop the country formed i ivory, lakes, and pools ; and down, too, came tho natives, rejoicing that at last they would have an abundance of water. Tho following story shows that ghosts can bo viridietivo in Victoria, awl resent meddling with the body they once inhabited. A man travelling in thocountry of a friendly tribo came upon a deaorted habitation. Above the doorway ho saw the umiul crooked Htiok, pointing in tho direction tho family had taken, and all round about tho placo pieccrf of baric covered with whlto clay, indicating a death. Ho found tracks lead ing to a tree in which ho soon- discovered a dead body. Anxious to know who had died ho laid down hia rug and weapons nfc tho foot of tho tree and ascended it. On removing the o|H>H*um rug from tho face ho found thut it whs a friend.. Ho wept for u long tiino, then wont away. IIo had nob gone far when ho hoavd some magpies making a great noise, n« though thoy tm\v something Ktrango, Ho turned round to etc what it wan and to his terror saw the ghoat of tho deceased coma down and follow hhn. Ho was HO terrified, he could not movo, but managed to address it in the«o terms i " Why do yon frighten mo when I havo como to fsoo you and never did you any harm ?" It nover npoko, bub followed him for u considerable distance, scratching hia back with its nails, and then returned to tho treo. When ho mtchcd hia friends he told them what hud happened, showed thom his baok lacoratcd ami bleed ing ; and said lie had a prchentjniont thai something bad would befall him boforolong, At tho next meeting of tho tribes ho wai speareu through tho honi't. \-- Hdyra via. 