THE LONDON WOOL WAET. Fbom Oca Special cobblaggkdetrr. ' LONDON, 20rfrd»teT..!., The Colonial Wool Brokers' Association met" (as astral, one week before tbe opening date) on Tuesday last to make arrangements for the rotation of selling daring the first series of sales for the year, which the wool importers' com mittee had fixed should begin on tbe 24th inst. For some days before tbe time of meeting an nnfounded rumor had been industriously circu- lated, it is assumed by interested parties, to the effect that owing to the extremely limited qaantlty arriving for some time past, and tbe possibility of the sailing vessels not coming to port with sufficient des patch to allow of proper landing, handling and preparing for sale, it had been de cided to postpone the opening of tbe sales for at leasts week, or until tbe 31st inst This canard "caught on" in some quarters, and some anxiety was certainly manifested by consumers, who bad allowed their stocks of the raw article zo run uown to smau aimensions, to ascertain tho truth on the subject. Needless to say that tbe question of an adjournment was soon proved to bo without any foundation, so far as the wool morobants' committeo was concerned, the mem bers no donbt feeling that, with enough wool on hand and in sight by large cargo steamers to make up a decent sale, it would be almost a breaob of faith towards those shippers who bad perhaps paid extra freight to make sure of having the advantage of the January series should any notion be taken to rob them of the benefit of a deficiency ' in tho supplies of 'even 30,000 or 40,000 -bates. Beyond this very important question of keeping faith ob far as possible with the owners of the wool and noting on behalf of and to safeguard the best interests of the wool growing community, I think one may justly give to the oommlttee a certain mood of praise for boldly standing by their original deoision to open the sales on tho 24th inst. with wliatevor arrivals may oome to hnnd, on the very tangiblo ground that this will probably turn out to be a wise and paying policy in the long run. You have long ninee found out that the slump in values at the close of the London November sales was a serious matter for growers, and to have opened the year with a series, in cluding as somo fully expected 330,000 bales (and even higher figures were ourrently named), would have given wool but llttlu oharioe to re- oaver lost ground ; and, worse still, .'the effects of a decline of 5' per oont. or 10'por cont. on the markets for tops.yarnB and 111000 goods , would have been deplorable and far reaching.: ; The great - want - of - the fine ' wool trade .to-day ' is stability and- back bone. This:. . hesita tion and nervousness, arising - partly, from niidue caution on the part of consumers, as well as from tho "hand to mouth" policy pursued by eomo others, have to be ovoroome somehow, or the trade will go from bad to worse. It has been a pleasant teak, to chronicle, frpm time to time, sinoo tho unhappy period of August lest year, some features of amelioration and improve- ment in the condition of the wool trade sS re- flected in somewhat higher prices for the raw | staple now and again, but notwithstanding these brighter indications, there is no gainsaying the many unsatisfactory surroundings of the present and doubtful omens of tbe future: The trade wants a fillip or something to set it going on a better footing, and even if these rises are not fully sustained tbey do good for the time being by making people place orders for clotb, Ac., on a more liberal scale than tbey otherwise would if the market kept at a "dead " respect able level, at the bottom of the ditch. Tbere is nothing which can compare for a momeut under present circumstances, as a real tonic for prices, with a well founded belief inashort supply, and on this ground alone I, for one (actingin the interests of tbe wool growers), bail with pleasure tbe announcements which appear from time to time that the supply will be much less at tbe forth coming series than at the corresponding sales of 1892\. Although the supply was only 142,000 bales on Tuesday last when the brokers met, yet I learn that they drew np the list of sales on tbe supposition that possibly 280,000 bales might be available (about 30, COO bales less than last year), bat it appears extremely donbtful at time of closing mail whether tbe quantity will much exceed 250,000 bales. The Miltiades, from Sydney, reported on 'Wednesday as off the coast, most have a word of praise for an 86 daya' passage and probable arrival to a goOd market. Also, the General Gordon, yesterday, in a smart 82 days ; and the clipper Rodney in 85 days, from tbe same port; while the Salamis, after a good run of 85 days from Melbourne, keeps up her repu tation. The actual quantities and current rates of the series will reach you by cable long ere this is published, but iu tbe anticipation of a . firm opening, induced not by any improvement in trade, . but for reasons above stated, it . is as well to have: these few explanatory remarks, as throwing some light on the pro bable coarse of events towards the middle of the year. AU the consumers I come in 'contact with declare two things with barefaced confi dence, tbey cannot afford to pay a fraction more than last sales' rates, and they don't mean to buy a bale more than is needful to carry them on until the April sales, when they look for ample supplies of both fine wool and crossbreds. Then, say tbey, we shall have the whip hand,' and get our wool on our own terms, that is at a lower figure ; and with every disposition to prove that wool is now cheaper than it onght to be, it is a most difficult thing to give any cogent reason why even present values should be maintained, ence now going on, and the arduous efforts on the part of many good houses to face keen com petition, and to keep prices for manufactured goods anywhere near the parity of cost of pro duction. Tbe modern rivalry between Eng land, France and Germany for supremacy in the wool world appears more v like a fierce war of extermination for the weakest than anything else, owing to the necessity of keeping tbe enormous emonnt of machinery going to a large extent ; but this is not an unmixed blessing to the wool growers now, as the disastrous trading of the past year or two has done mueh to impoverish tbe manu facturers and make them try to "skin " tbo wool growers as well as labor. They haven't the shadow of a ghost of a chance of a big profit on the general run of goods, the great difficulty being to obtain orders on anything like equitable terms to keep combs, frames or looms running. It is absolutely necessary for wool growers to know tbe honest naked truth about tbe bard conditions under which work is done in Europe. .Myspecial advices from the United States show tpaMfhe woollen and worsted manufacturers Jmyrbqta good year daring 1892, but tbe situa tion-ties changed for the worse since the election, f' ig'\tft yhe uncertainty as to when tariff rm 'legislation will begin, and no one will oiya large scale until the opening of tbe jloorjfor//free wool " comes well in sight. The oniojyU held by some that it will be safe to bjHpin small quantities foreign and colonial wools at present prices if the purchaser ean see his way to keep them in bond until the day of emancipation dawns, when foreign markets will probably advance to such an extent as to make the venture a profitable one ! There is, how ever, but small encouragement in such counsel, and the best thing in my view iB for your wool growers to go in " hot and strong " for growing stout broad haired, long stapled wool, as strong, bony and long as possible, so as to be ready for the good time coming. It will not matter much if the fleeces are a bit yolky, so that they are bright and sightly, and will yield about 45 per cent, clean warp wool. I fancy it will take a deal of educating before the Americans will buy heavy greasy or touch scoured wool at all freely. There is no doubt that the reforming zeal of the Democrats has been to a large degree checked by the faet that the present Government has depleted the Treasury and mortgaged future income to pay sineonre and old soldier pensions. This appears now a master stroke of diplomaoy, and gives vested interests— the poor American wool trmwttra nu tool I no mnntifn/iffivovu n fain Kwaa+ lt_ ing time. I believe that in a few years you will find the Americans snapping up all the medium quality Australian crossbred wool with any stylo and well skirted (so as to obviate the burrs) in preference to either New Zealand or English and Irbh wool of similar quality, as they have a growing impression that their European rivala owo much of. their success to the doss of wool used'and the way in which it works up rather than to their superior skilh Tho arrivals of " new clip" River Plate wool on the various markets, so far, fully confirm on personal inspection the somewhat unfavorable opinions previously expressed as to this season's Sroduce, wliioh; though of fair quality and'sott andle, contains far too many burrs and needs; is also tender and heavy in grease. This will toll in favor of Australian wool later on in the year, when the truth is realised. The offerings announced for the opening day's sale oh Tuesday next arc moderate, and not very strikingly representative. A fair show of Sydney, audi as Kyanga, Corona, Bunglo Gully, DM'R ovor Buffers wo, Ao. Queensland wools includo GF over Bimerah, Ruthven, Glenhill, Tuolburra, Ac. ; whilst amongst tho Adelaide may be named, Moorara, Wilgcna, Outhero J x.P, JK conjoined, Ac. I trust my report on prices may be eomething good by next mail. . 