The Australian aboriginies have a curious myth with regards to the origin of water. They say that originally there was no water in Australia. They got along very comfortably without it till one day some adventurous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was held, all they deter mined to apply to the oldest and wisest inhabitants as to the course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their complaint and told them that the water was contained in the stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. All that was required was to make him laugh, when the water would run out of his month. Another great consultation was held when it was decided that all the animals should be asked to give their cooperation to obtain the desired result. This they readily agreed to and natives and animals repaired in a great body to the toad's mountain to try their power in the way of laugh raising. The first to make this essay was the ass. He brayed so loud that he might have been a demagogue expatiating on the crimes of the classes as against the virtues of the masses, He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked his heels into the air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them before, he cut the most fantastic capers, all to no use, and the toad did not so much as wink an eyelid. Creottallen the dlgtey re- jired, gitid tie cock trllIttedl ul withl elif-t a -tiedl air ll- thlllg Ice ali( hle lioge Iknew Iti eli elrt of how Lt? Ilake the tloal till?gi. hilg u lgoi for thle vaniy of fe itvaheed 111 iilrgiill i, is Is ld zli, lLl figaiing ilf wings had g- ote oI il e't I htut hiI illpredecsorl buying, ao d elt ii e lrllled dtlcollitited. OnIoe utler the oiither ll the niiual, irdlls, ilnd li- gis tied their ho?s, to Saie a lailh, built with Io letterll s?Ilue<. AtL lleit whei everybodl y was belllginning ill despair cane the col wriggtln aloni"g oll the Iground, a1 ti trunge tr I lagi, ll itgwil Ilt ol i lll ittil it I$ li ig ggigolll g Ilu blinked an ycyh lid ldll wltcheill it- rlie. Lions. tceing this the eel ai-al himself intll.o Ill arch all wai lllllllked alOg nil hi.s leigdtl glul hli I ?ilg. Those uwa:hi?g the lgigantic torl g his montlih begini to quiver. No1 11 thi eel twistedl himnt l f into i iTl siegle tl and walked solely in hik headll o n tI. bteliold the io.al ?tniled, and out of eacilh side of tis mouth water began to t(.I, r ckc (idowni. oveingl thi the ieel - redohubled l lis ellbrt, he twi.?Itd hilmself into it diouble knot aindi walked jauntily aloncg o hi, head and tail. 'T'his extlrordiiln:lgy ptoerfolallitnce was too iillnh for the toadi, le opened his lilOlnth aud lauoghedl lo0, anii longt. OiLt gi?ishel ithe water ill it mighty torrent downi tlhe louiltinill-idle, nUll I spadiIg over the country formed rivers, lakels, In pools ; and downilt , too, e:ue he inativet, .rlejoiciln g that ail la- they wouldl have till al 1da?ncce of wiatur. The fillowigi-t ,Otliy- shows lihat ghosts cal hI, vildictive il Victioria, iland resent tie- ?llitit with tlohe bodyl they once ihabited.l A mil lravelling in theciuntry of a1 rl%,ndlly tribe ie-lte ilgpn dei teeirtd bt i litailion. Above the doo taiy he iaw the ilcg crooked -tick, pointcing ill tihe dlwectioii tlhe family h Id ike, anill all roundlil abot hlIh: lace piece. i batlk olll-tered with whil i:e 1cy, iiealiyita death. ll, foung d t aeks legd ilig to ai treile iln uhlih lhe dea)l oldy. .\lxioli In kn"w who iiha died he laic] dean hi& rug and \?,iiuins a?t the f?aot nit the t gIe tllgoli leeh:et it. Oil r illemoving le il-?uil Irug frollit the face h found thtI h t it, waLI s it feiiUeld, i et vcplll fuo ;i liii m", thinl tg enit nowuy. ie h?I iie lit, far whill lie heald te imapid: ma-~ i t - great 11ni-c, gO tIhou t!Ihey sAW ginlthing auiltge. lIe turllli it Ii i -o e. what i lt was ail to hli gi t llor e the ihgrt of the dIl eall ed cme it nll a lll foleh, him. I1t ivia ll terriiedll it h olouli u Ituu~, beg t g - liitlalged to ilirslt it in Ih?re rtei~: " \hlly dl yte frighteni me when I have cgmie to gee you mud nevIe did y u ay hlmi li . ' It ie\'le-i slllikg, ibut f?lolliwi? him for t c ,olo- m linlcc, g igg hii h iz 8.#l i11 1: it,- (aiis, nt1ill theI llci.iriet, t he till. .re.,. Whol e he rei .hi hi friewtis he. iold theum wh?al h l hle plcined, L howeld Ihim hi,. baicbl?, c, l and hle"d. i?g ; cld ':id he had ;l lprescnti'? ntl thnl oieltl.hilg hadl would Intall him before illng. At he Ith l i, liig :itiiug el Ite Iriltro lilt wou .. ..dtt~c~hte ur. ...Lc~d. 