H' IMPORTS By J. O. B. In the matter of fecundity the Howard family can more than hold its own. In fertility of re source, too, the Howards have always been in the front rank. It is wired that an Australian off shoot of this royal house is at present under remand in London for bis zeal in a commendable cause. Struck with the rapid decadence of the British aristocracy, Le proposed io save that august body from inevitable extinction by inoculating it with healthy antipodean blood. In a word, he gave out that in Australia as in America' there were scores of wealthy heiresses wbo would not alone accept but pursue any man of title. He miglit be doddering or paralytic, foul-mouthed, used-up, or impecunious; But with a coronet, the open-sesame of many female hearts, he might throw his handkerchief at almost any feet with certain success. Many aristocrats opened negotiations with Mr. Howard and, allegedly, supplied him with money to forward their claims. It ie, apparently, for sticking to both girl and gold that he was attended with such care as far as Bow-stre6t. There was a time when the Howards made matches in a different fashion — when they eat down before the castle of the intended father-in-law, and murdered everybody that came out till the bride was let down from a top window. A ring, a bridegroom, a priest, and a palfrey were waiting below, and the young couple started on their honeymoon with the besiegers in their train while the be sieged bawled blasphemy from the battlements. Is it society at large or the Howards oaly that have degenerated? * * * * There is b»d news from Ireland. A farmer meeting a young lady on a high road forcibly kissed her, and secured a month's imprisonment for the unsolicited salute. In former and ruder times, a maiden, covered with gems and carrying a gold-headed wand, crossed the island on foot and unattended without attracting notice. It would, seemingly, be hazadous for her to try it now, oven if she left the staff and the jewels at home. At the same time, in spite of Thomas Moore, I've always entertained grave suspicions about that girl of old. For then there was no loyal North or rebel South. It was rebellion all through. Whenever a man saw a head his first duty was to hit it, and chance whether it was a stranger's or a neighbour's. A fascinating female wandering through such a land with a fortune on her back, besides what she had on her etick, might get through, although the chances were against her. It would, bo interesting to know the rights of that Irish fanner's case — whether he got the month for violence or for bad taste; . . It has been decreed by a British Appeal court that the Sultan of Johore, being a reigning sovereign,- could not be sued in England for breach of promise. A smart Brighton lady having captured his Majesty's affections was anxious to get. at his purse as well. Depend upon it, she won't go to Johore to prosecute ' her suit.' She'd have hardly stepped ashore before ehe'd find heraelf hung by the hair from a hook in the harem like one of Blue-Beard's ventures. Women haven't it all their own way in the Malay Peninsula. . . . This reminds me that another Eastern monarch has had a slight flutter. A few days ago the Turkish Ambassador in London complained that, under the pseudonym of Don Juan, a burlesque company was making game pf his august master. The Lord Chamberlain (Baron Carrington, lately Governor of New South Wales) passed a sponge over Don Juan and crippled the piece. Liberty must be pretty sick in England when you can't poke fun at an infidel. Had Lever been alive, he'd have lost his post through Mr. Free's observation : r«i make a most illigant Tavk, For I'm fond of tobaklcy mi' ladies, ? * ♦ * ? Cricketer Turner admits that a good deal of dissatisfaction was caused in England by the pro nounced bias of the Australian team towards twisting each other's necks and lengthening each other's noses. The language, too, that formed a large portion of our men's.stock-in-trade was not adapted for the country cricket fields, although it was the precise article fora Whitechapel Sunday morning dogfight. This/mistake of bringing goods to the wrong market ? is one very common in trade. The train-oil and top coats that are in constant demand under the Arctic circle would find a limited sale in New Guinea. So, seemingly, with the merchan dise of our cricketers. It was not that the goods were bad. Indeed, in the opinion of experts — of men who graduated at the New York Bowery, the San Francisco Sandmills, the London Docks, and the Sydney Rocks — the vernacular introduced to a mixed English audience by our men on the last trip could hold its own on the right of the front rank in any company. The mistake made was in trying to trade it off in the wrong: market. Like most old people, John Bull is becoming more fastidious as the years go by. The vigorous expressions of his last century progenitors are in a large measure banished from his club, his drawing-room, his hunting-field, and his cricket ground. Little wonder then that he does not take over-kindly to the still more searching tongue of our last and present century ancestors of men whose pride it was to convey their views in words whose trenchancy and directness could not be questioned. The late visit will do much to favour the impression that the Kensington Oval is in the wrong place. Its proper location is in the New Cut or a little up Batcliff Highway. Now that the London County Council can almost do as it likes, it may sot be too late in the day to secure space for a cricket ground in either of the foregoing places. Then our lads would be at no disadvantage. Mr. Tur - ner says that the liberties taken with noses in the Australian tent ' left a painful influence on the people of Scarborough.' Perhaps, but certainly not more painful than on the Antipodeans imme diately behind the bulges themselves. If any man man has a right to complain, it is the person whose nose has been twisted. * » * * How unaccomplished soever a man may be, there are certain things he is always prepared to do well — choose a wife, sing a comic song, recite ' Eugene Aram's Dream,' and run an Italian opera company. But the experiences of Mr. Musgrove, the enterprising impresario who secured the members of the excellent combination at present performing in Sydney, go far to show that rare talent and infinite patience are required I in selecting a company prepared to sustain the high traditions of the Australian lyrical drama. From the borders of Switzerland to the Straits of Meesina, no town in Italy was left unransacked if it was thought to contain a prima donna, a tenor, or a danseuse that could shake upon C or cover a proscenium in a prance. Into the fastnesses of the Apennines — the haunts of banditti, runaway lazzaroni, and unfrocked priests— he penetrated with his life in his hand. In those high regions he thought he might find high voices as well, and, as his motto was excelsior, he went. Naturally, his disappointments were many. The mountaineers had high notes certainly, but they could only be induced to bring them out properly from behind rocks when they wished a body of tourists to stop and put up their hands. Mediocre artists, too, were not above playing it low down on Mr. M. and on Australia. From their slender knowledge of the latter continent they thought it was barrel-organs not baeees he wanted, so that his quarters were constantly blocked bv machines and monkeys. Again, every tenor that sang before a wineshop in. Naples— every soprano that shook upon A and made her audience shake in sympathy — thought themselves good enough to go south. No wonder Mr. M. occa sionally became irritable— no wonder he told the upperless street- artists of Milan that, unlike most people, he didn't come to Italy in search of ruins. Still, by his own showing, he must have appeared somewhat exacting. He wanted 'youth, voice, method, acting, and clothes.' About the last item it is impossible to be too particular in these fastidious days. As Mr. M.. very justly and graphically remarked, some pro fessionals appear to get into their apparel by the first opening that presents itself , and ' look like haybags.' It is an imprudent custom, and oc casionally has an entirely novel effect. The least careful persons can do is to enter by the same gap they came out of. There is a certain weirdness about some of the pushing impresario's adven tures in search of art. Like the British hunter in India, who leaves his bungalow at dead of night on hearing that a tiger ife removing the live Btock from a distant village, Mr, M. was no sooner told of a baritone or contralto's debut than he took a 10-mile-an-hour Italian train 'when churchyards were yawning' in order not to miss next day's performance. From the number of persons that have found a resting place in those cemeteries during a hundred genera tions — not to count the 6tone-age folk — it is probable that if all the graves yawned at once the locomotive would leave the rails. To pass by a modern graveyard at midnight in a slow train is bad enough, especially when the fenco is partly broken down to let the neighbouring cattle through. ..But what ia it compared to gliding slowly by an old Italian one? Why, before the prehistoric dead there could get a breath of air through the. superincumbent multitudes above, they'd have to gape like Vesuvius. It required considerable pluck to skirt those places in the dark. In new lands like America and Australia the per- - manent way wdilld have been run right through them 'and' the bone's shovelled' oat for ballast. Nothing keeps a restless ghost down like the knowledge that a goods., train with an agnostic guard and a sceptical fireman is tearing along just overhead. Mr. M. travelled ever so far to hear a prima donna, to find only that she was 'old, fat, ugly, dirty, squint-eyed, and unable to dress properly.' Yet it must have taken her considerable time to acquire most of these accomplishments. Had she been but tongue-tied as well, nothing more could have been reasonably' asked for. One thing is certain — the artists that Mr. Musgroye has left behind him in Italy or in Europe may be good enough for the Northern hemisphere, where almost anything goes down, but they'd have been in continently 'goosed' in Australia. 