Farmer Housing Show Cattle. Comfortable and roomy quarters are es* sontinl in preparing cattle for show. Stall feeding io not tho *»cat system for show animals. Clean well-hnircd beasts do not usually como out of stalls. Perfection in coat is a difficult point toattain, but whon I it is accomplished it goes a long way in I favor of tho animal possessing it. It ist indeed, a rare possession, only a very fow of tho cattlo shown at even our national shows being perfect in their coats, j ? Inordinary fattening for tho butcher, stall-feeding is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flcsli ia not the only point aimed at — tho aftor health and bloom of tho animal has to bo considered. It takes a full year, somotimes moro, to fit cattlo for tho show yard, and to confine tho animalB by tho hoad or neck for that period is not tho way to accomplish tho desired end. ? Freedom to move about, or lie down clean and com* fortablo, can only bo afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. Tho superficial area renuited from tho calf to the aged bull will rango from SO to 200 feet, ac cording to tho amount of out-door oxerciso available, and in tho houso cach hcast re* i quires from G50 feot to 800 cubic feet of br6athing spaco. Cattlo not intended for breeding purposes may bo very closoly confined superficially for the period of ono year without injury to their health; but tho™ ore moro breeding animals ruined from want of room or exorcise than from ovor-fceding. It is very hard, to injure a horso by high feeding whoti tho work ia heavy, and tho same law applies to cattlo. Moderatd exercise at tho exponso of a certain waste -)f food is good economy. Temperature is a great element in cattlo feeding. Tho natural heat of tho animal ranges from 70 to 6D dogreos. A thermo- , meter in tho barn will indicate the tem perature, and tho noarer it averages the normal heat of tho animal the greater tho economy of the food consumed. Whon tho outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing upto 100 deg. Fahr., then there ' is a difficulty in maintaining tho medium. In very cold weather tho heat of the byre can bo raised by closed doors and ventila* tor3, but whon tho temperature is raisod by tho constant breathing of the same air, tho hoalth ,of tho animal is endangored. All undor-currents or draughts should bo excluded, and in no caso should tlio upper or roof vontilators be entirely closed. Im puro air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they aro of right construc tion, will both allow the exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temporaturo suddenly or irregularly. In hot dayB tho doors can be opened, or partly so, as tho thermometer will instruct; and after that the only meanB of cooling tho air is by refrigeration, which, of cou rso, would cost too much to admit of its uso in cattle-feeding. The best that can .bo done i'b to havo the byrea or sheds proporly ven tilated and equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration when neces» Bary. An excoss of light under cover is to be avoided in tho caso of fattening cattlo. Young growing cattle intended for breed ing purposes cannot very well have too much sun and light, but tho rays of the Bun are only valuable to the cattlo-foedor when tho temperature of the atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air becomes heated the direct rays of the sun can be dispoiiBed with. Thero is, however, no artificial heat, such as we provide with shelter, clothing, and fires, equal to the sunheat for.hca^tfr.^riviJ^ff.nror??'uw»? 'can prodiico a greater heat than we derive from the sun, but in the moans we employ to attain it tho air is certain to become moro or less vitiated. When wo get light and heat from tho sun it ia pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything wo can manufacture. Thte is tho reason why tho lamb that iB reared in the light of thosuu is so much healthier than the ono raised in houso with the aid of tho sto* Shying Horses are Near-Sightea.— 11 Why it is that shying in borscn should be set down to an ugly disposition I don't know,'.said a prominent veterinary Burgeon. ult must be because horsemen don't know what clso to lay it to. The fact is that it is seldom met with unless the horse is near sighted. I have tested scorcB of shying horses for near sightedncss, and in nearly all eases found what I expected. And now when I am asked to giro points on buying horses I give this as one of the requisites : Never buy a horse that is nearsighted. There are, how. ever, two exceptions to this rule. It the borae is to have a mate, then it doesn't mako any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other is clcar- sigbted. If the horse is to bo used for riding to saddlobe carcful that he Is not near-Bighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. 'The reason why a nearsighted horso sbies is very simple,' tho surgeon continued. ' Of all animalB tho horso is tbe raoet gentle, and even timid. Ho sees a strange object, and his suscep.tiblc mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A -piece of white paper in the roadside at night ;s a ghost, and an old waggon in tbe ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows tbat if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object tho animal cooIb down at onco! It is Bupposcd that it is. because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with tbo object. That is truo but not in the sense in which it ia generally understood. The animal has not been able to see it from a distance. He 1b nearsighted. Horses and Their Drivers.— It has often occurred to me that the utility and age of horses are seriously affected nnd shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers. It is but too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill, or when, perhaps, in the middle of a hill, foradriverto make a sudden slash with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a' sudden bound in re* sponse to the unexpected call upon its powers, possibly powers that wore at the time at the extreme limit of tension.. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect woold result in rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or spraio of some joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is con tinued day after day the year throughout? Under such circumstances, tbe wonder is tbat any horse escapes serious injury, and wo may naturally infer tbat a large proportion of horses are thus rendered comparatively value* less, and their lives shortened. With ahorse drawing a load, whether in conveyance, cart, or saddle, any call for greater exertion should be made what I may call gradually, that is, the animal should first be made aware of what ia required from it by tho voice pro dding the whio. and not tho whip tbe voice. Buying Curios in China.— Later ex perience taught us that tho curio man a«ks about Hvc times as much as he is prepared to accept for bis wares. Making a. choice and getting your man into a proper fraro.Q of mind to' see as you do, as regards, bis profit, In telligently occupies about one-bait of the cultured diplomat's time. ' The cario chosen,' the first thing to do is to take yoor man into tho house, separating blm from his fellows that be may'not have their moral courage to uphold him. For the lot you make your offer, he disdainfully refuses, and begins briskly packing up. When everything Is nearly stowed away, he asks, as if there nad never been any question of It before, 11 How much?' You again offer, and with a long drawn M No,' he once moro unpacks that be may tempt you. Seeing yoa remain firm and take no znorq notice of oho, with a tragic air he deposits tbe things at your feet and gives you to understand he has Dade yoa a present of them ; tbat vou are a hardened sinner j it has cost bim bis life's blood, but he had no , choice. With an I 0 U for the amount and | a deep bow ho has gone, and you find your I self;* collector; Im embryo with tho cot* olu_UW«g f#»» ? ? 