CUR MELBOURNE LETTtR. Cfeou ode owk cobbeepokdekt.) JrjLY 19. Melbourne- just bow 5b ebodderlEg with fearsome anticipation ovtr tVia proposed income tax. It ia the awful bogey that makefi its presence felt in tlie corriilors of the Toorakuitt palace, and the humble ps» wges o{ Oollingwood list. It hu all the prestige of a long-establif bed ghost, End yet ft is a thing o£ yesterday. Jt is indefinite, shadowy, and nnreal EO far. But it will be horribly definite and real to-morrow, that in, when Mr Patterson has made ui- liis mind as to its ezect foim and shape. wlicec incomes will be texed and whose let alone is the momentous cpie*tioii ot the nocr. »ut «ftor*U the drift of public thougU ia not regarding the tax yer ael but he tennini; to nettle the question, whether any one really has incomes these tunes, KyeryboJy re leases to be moneiUes. But nous rt-r'O!,*. Trust the Uiuifteri&l; fcin.U for thai. Tue mcnibaiB c£ the Ltgislaiare have a ?elation ail to iheaiseKcF, find tlyjj tion't eeein at all graU-ful to Mr PatWrrcn lor providing it. This ia the proposed 10 per cent, redaction of membcrfe' £alfiric8, wli.c!», after all, insane only a bcps^ily *S0 oS liSOQ & j ear. Ministers' B&V;«ui.te are va Ij2 reioced— at least to it in prujiwtl —20 rt-r Piemier p'Bj'Cil to tho gallery in lineEtOi.-. His great fuvp v.-aa in piopOtingSO per ct-m. off the Governor'^ eslary, wiiich dt];fjii't\i lih followers, and paved tlie wsy 1i=t Mr Deakin to propose in committee ty.ox the Governor's reimbursement for giving v::o fioiching touch of civilisation lo *be place should not be more than £uOCji) Hut this mide Mr Pati-c-rcun angry. Uc said that it would be tlie worst toeeit'.'e advertisement loi Victoria, which ultat&nce; b'OtB lo hLow more thin &dj; tiling tlee how Aliniilry after Ministry f-.i-rotniUE itEeif beneath the 'aLivcrii6tmcni'yote. IE iimv would Bet bliout helping tUu country in n practical manner, ?witliont bothering what England in tlifnkiDg of ui, Vicloiu. would boob, be out of her troubles. Bat tl».t monstroEity of modern tiiac-e the Hellish cspitaiist ortnidtB everjlttng. Win' ^ l bills, what he can hi made U» thick, ei:d what he will think Rt any ccjncoiv&ble; time, ia the riddle tUt not only politician*. o«t commercial men of aUgifedes are going 6«y Leaving politics out of tte qucstioD, live next element in enrivnt ccD.ersa;iaD is iLe charity concert boom, which ho! -la ua in octopus-like clutches. Every eubuib i6 die iT&cted; « ii-h the mrplicaiiuns of hiuorarv etcreiaiicE and committcea ta help along imaginable object.' KtccEsftiiiy, the amateur dramatic elumtut is cut in. full force, i.t haB 6ueh a, gTand chs-Lce for diEpltt?. Veiily, century wliite lies. Fteeuninbl} the du.riii£a benefit, but not 10 any appnciaUe extent. There is no organitfalion tbout these lmp hEz&rd; affairs A few pounds are rftietd alter much beatiig ol diumfi andbluat^ricp, the money handed over to the icetituti d whatever it may be, and then comes the inevitable trouble fttOLt the ptople «'ho ehould benefit by the ptocecde — snd dou't. Tben the whole bu^inLsa coxintnceB over again, until everybodv'e £hd i% ^ireJ, and the unfortunate public are beartiiy sitk of cbtiity eDtertiinmentB. Speaking of charity reminda nie of en es peiitnce that LefcII an eminent Melbourne divine the otLcr day. Tti* T-as the Btv. Tlr. lUvftn. almoBt as well known out side Victoria as in it for bifi philan thropy and Urge-heaitedncES. Be v^as making hifl way into Ollim-eirci;*, from the little walk near tha Independent Church, whea there accosted him fuur utchine, ragged, and carreet, and mil»i of speech. They were starvicg, they said; would the kind gent.'etnen gire them two pence to buy & stale lopf ? Toe kind gcntle me.n unhtsitatiDgly ttruBibis bRcd ittJ his pocket, but fouEd he had net u, Bis^u copter .a beggar woman having uupplicatod help inet a few niomentB befoic. A Eu^dtn thought Hunted across Dr. lievaa's niti. ' 1 have no monc^ ' 6iiJ be, ' l.'ut take me to where you live,' and if jour ttery ie true, I'll Eend vou a parcel of fooi at once.' lie noticed that the boys did not look cb happy &b; they ought. However, they !ci the way with lagging fooUttpB nUll Jhr-y came to LHUe ColliOB-ttret*. Eurc two of thv bo;.« took to their hecbi anil rufibed oil vitliGut a word, the suddenness of their lligbt con aideiably startling the reverend doctor. Vl Wliat'e thatl' he ejaculate tliarpiy uf the remaining two. And they sorrow tuny replied, ' Oh, please eir, they are bail wicked boya ; wo try *o give 'em the slip, but we're eo poor we can't stop '.ml11 Tcia iirou?M them to Bonrte-fltrcet, when o2 dusbcrt No. S. 'Look here1.' eaid Dr. i5evan,Btizirf the remuining boy by the collar, 'I'm not going to be hoodwinked like this. Tale me to where you live or l'U call a policenuin !'' And keeping the young rfeg»a.unia jq d« ftraep. the doctor Btro-lc on as ftir ap LiH:u Bourke-street, turned the corner and com menced to penetrate its depths, litre bis cuide raised a mighty howling and Bcicani inir, wrenched himeelf free, acd plunp-.d into an evil smelling bye-way, leavicg Dr. Bevan tolvi in the lane, where he Bpeediiy became the object of dcibiive cariosity j to the denizens of the place. There was ] nothing for it bnt to brat a rttre&t;, I the good-hearted doctor thankfully mopping | his face when he reached the haven of Rnasell-fltreet. Since t'uen he lias not btin too pressing in his endeavors to discover the problematical home of any chance gamin who pester* him for a penny, Tlie only acatreabjectaf importance istje pejisatiooal devfclopnii.nt of the Mcrcan'iio Bank business, whereby a newspaper iohua ger, no lets than the genial ' Jimmy' Thomson, ol the Editing Standard, bafi got himself into trouble, and baa ] been ordered to pay £100 fine, in addition to bting imprieuneJ lor seven da) a. The cause of the rumpus was Mr Thornton allowing some account vt the doings of the Grand Jury to appear ifl ibe Standard, whereas the doings tnd vhe atyings of that body are underetuoj to be kept secret. The enterprising maragar wanted to create a little boom for ttc titandird as a ' newsy \fapcr, but, lite all other booms, trouble hae come of it. How cvtTi ' Jimmy/1 who is the tero of the tccr, has not yet gone to pri&on;, but hfes appi til .d inetead, hie appeal being granUid, He ie allowed at liberty on condition he surrendeis to bis bail wnen called upon. But p:ople &re; ofEering 10 to 1 he'll get out t-f it. Beferrinj? to Jaw Ecita end Lbiir per plexities, the Speight libel action agt- ice* the Aae deeerrcc sBrioufi conbidertiion. liut the novelty has worn off, asd now rot & sou! bothers about it. Nobody {,026 tj Conrt unless compelled to, and the hi:ge snit rclls ilacli alocg like an elephant ih&t;'e losr Its way. A few-a very Jesr— Jonay tJiirgs occur now and UieD) which the ncwEpiperE duly chronicle uexacaples cf legal wp j Lut they suike one ae very fl&t;, and the intcr enftngea between Mi Tcrves and Mr Dc3y resemble nothing eo much as two little niiwsb'jys in the act cf what thev exprvE ?ivciy terx ?' giving elops ' tc each cth'.r — witU'tbUdiffcrence, that the newsboys woul^. be infinitely smarteT than the lumii.eiieE of tbe Bar. JJic Speight cete baa reacLed its twentieth day, and iU Utct&tuie; is fast be comine monumental. The dailiee pcblith full accounts cf the wbcle thing, which only about one person in a benired Teads. In a general way the affair is iegarded as having * come to bt*y.' Eo, cb 1 siid lefore, nobody botber*. The Age Beems to have a speciality for libel actions jcet now, es during the 'ast lew days it enjoyed the ppbemeral pleafinre ot dishing up a ' nmticil libel case' \n the euit of Hummers v. the Age. This was Dr. considering himself aggrieved over Bome ctitic concerning a perfoimauce of 'The Orestion ' last April, songht legal redrete, fixing his damage at £E00. The Age critic, Mr Alfred Hesbitt, an il.A. of Oxfoid, htd said that the performance was a travesty, that the conductor (Dr. Bommtre) 'aim- lessly WEgged a baton,' and that Alia* Amelia Banks, the soprano, 'furtively ex ciged a bar as if anxious to bring the per foricance to an end,' with many other com ment* of a like nature. Unluckily for Dr. Bomnicra, the audience, at leaet such of it aa had to appear in the witnees-box, thought that the criticism was just. Mr Thomas Ouenett, the JLrgu* musical critic, declared the performance to be unfit for serious criti cism, and practical!? the wont (of 'The Creation') he had seen in bis life. The judge (Casey) took lime to consider hi* deciaion, looked up authorities, and gave hu verdict in favor of thedef endantt — as every l»dy prophesied ne would do. By the way, In hi* private life Judge Cacey is a pro nounced lover of ' good ' muiic, and does (01 in hit power to farther any musical PB^frrtrVlftg thut bu ut tor its. fotutdfttiam ConatqueaUy the aait had the ail vantage of b^irg ueats! by t u^-ic wl,o fcnt-w ca vnjll at tha fa:lirS IhfiniBclrcB w'n&t-; was, ot w*B not, ccircct. This mention of 'The Creation M leads wo io allude io, the niagioineEat euccees the 2folb0Dn)B riiilb&ruionic; Bchievod on luciisv nlEljt v.iih Goimoi'i (i Mors tt Viti,' 'pioduced fcr tlie fivat time in Ans iialid. Ihe work ie weird, almost grue Eorno in some places, tut when Gounod forgets that Wagner ever lived, and gives v.b a little of himiielf— of the man who wrote ?Ftust'— the melody, pure tnd heavenly, poura forth. For vivid music, I do not to* member ever . henritg an j thing eo tempes tuous as ' Cicb iite '; It ie just the kind of mueic one might expect to hear at tbe Day of Judgment. Mr Beanrcont, who was to have sung tlie tenor park, was terribly boaree, and bnd Io omit much of hie work. But Mrs Palmer helped him br»vcly ia the concerted pieces. Otherwise, this was the only hitch. Tbe only -hcu-ric&l; amusements we ha*e arj 'a Million of Money' at tbe PHncess, e cumbrous jake tbjuL i\«. beiu(S euitable to ij:; tiiacs, end ?' 1) 1 Kwc, ihturt ' ex pltyed by Iu3 Grc£=vroc-ii fnuill-.- m the Bijou. Tie ?' Million o£ Money ' ia eplenuidlT n'.-ontc:!, aul uplciidUl; |iln;ed by tbe Blind ]3clt ccuLpan/. But niclodiama ii tit'&j;, end rren the ercittmtnt of Ktiag buli it sc?rc o£ Wi.Dgiooa.eil boiseg duh on t.i W& pt^i-r» at thp piriiiniT cloae of Ihfi D^rby baa ToBt \ue uowtt to chrom, lhu B.r.nd Holt );uoplc sail next week for New Zealand, Mr Edwcrd Terry tak ins u]i tLe running ut the PunceeBd'. '?Hi gKiuttcMi' u(- the liijon. is the di--il asluB of in former self, which Minnie IMnicr, tho onlv 'Sweetheart' ia the wjrjd, lirttpicEcn'ieJ. TJie Grecn wved family nuoiucr b good m&ny; olive l):a^cueB, wlioat; names fitinro in the bilk ii -iui!c \\-vj.7?.£ to know Cvfcich is which. To hrighttn this pcrulcxity, or pcss^bly to add Io tlie Tcidsnt cficcl, lit «n ™ limy han bets eE^cpfldajJca^ingiHaa, and Slias ifellie Grtadtss CBdk. Huasull's motlior; n]co ap pear?. A ucn-playgoer glancing ftt the bill, end ber.iinc in uiind tbe existing kinship, cxtreescd the titu^tion, incocentlv ctquir ii f '? If Sire Greenwood, the leEBLt;, were the mother ol the wfcole comj.&ay; '' 