A CHRISTMAS GHOST. When the little incident which lam about to relate happened, I could not have been more than twelve years old. I was the eldest of a family of eight. Host of _ the younger children had been down with scarlet fever, and John, mv elde3t brother, who was at school, ani myself, were the only ones who had as yet escaped the infection. But I was drowsy, sickly, ilL I grew weary, and very slight exertion kioa tired me- 3Ty appetite was gone, and all that X cared to do was to sit in a comer, and remain perfectly quiet. People -Aid that I was sickening. Some shook their heads and prophesied that it would go hard with me. I had resisted the fever so long, they said, that when I did take it it would be doubly severe. "Why this should be X do not know. Xana, our old nurse, would laugh and tell me not to Heed foolish gossip. I was only tired and worn out with close confinement-for I was allowed no farther out- duor exercise than our own back garden afforded, for fear of the contagion. She said that as soon as the babies were well enough to be taken south I would soon " pick up " ana be as fresh and as mprry as a bee. - - How this was all very well, but nurse d:d not feel as I felt. Then there was something which troubled me-an awful thing-a, thing to be dreaded far worse than the fever. X was fast losing my hair I Ever since X could remember mv hair had been my one bit of vanity. I was a plain child, developing gradually into a still plairer girl; and if" my Wr were lost, whit would there be left of me r I hold that no healthy-minded girl is totally indifferent to her appear ance. and X am sure I was not. I was as painfully coussious of my own defects as was my pretty sister Alice alive to her perfections. " But it can't be helped," I-said to Holly, our kitchen girl, in a sudden outburst of confidence. X was left verv much to mrseif during those weeks mv mother was in constant attendance on one or other of the little invalids, and chummed up with auyone who came in my way. Holly. I perceived, was both S} mpatbetic and a good listener. '. It can't be helped, Molly. And if all mv hair dots come off, Holly,"-and I said tins ins little whisper-"will it ever grow sgain ? " " I doubt it, miss. If hair comes off with :be fever I doubt as ever it'll grow on 3£aii». I'd a cousin who went bald the self-same way." " And shall 1 be bald ! " " 'Well, maybe not perhaps quite. But " " What. Holly ? " Siu» shook her head. 1 dosed my hands over my curls, drawing it gently down, and giv ing a final tn<r at the "ends. '. See ' " holding the hair I had released from the roots, *" it doesthat everv time I comb it." " The doctor gave you a something to take, Miss -Jenny." " He gave ine a tonic ; but. Holly, how can physic going into the stomach keep your hair on vour head ? *' Holly fixiled to see this. So did I. ~\V e sat silent for a while, each nursing the hair grievance. At last Molly said If it hadn't been Sunday night " What. Holly ? " W hy, how would it answer to have your head shaved ? " " Shaved r " '' Then should I not crow bald r " " No. it would stop that." "Holly?" "With a spring I leaped upon her. " You dear, dear, good girL" X cried, " Why, of course, it would be the very thing. Go and fetch Tim- I'll have it done at once, before it is too late! " " But. Jliss " ""V\rhatr" You'll still lose your hair. " 2Cot for ever. I shan't alwavs be bald." " But it's Sunday night and Christmas eve I And there's your ma, what would she say ? " '* That's just why X want you to go now. Holly. Do be a dear good girl. Hother doesn't understand it like we do. So long as I escape the fever, mother will be content. Hair or no hair, she will love me all the same. But that's not the thing, is it, Holly ? Fancy all the chil dren in the market-place calling :iie bald head* O Holly, Holly. Holly, you wouldn't like that, now would you ? " She shook her head most vigorously, j finally dissolving into tears. ; " There, so, do. and bring Tim Taber.th. and I'll never forget your good ness. no, not the longest day X live." "Whether elated at the prospect of my | everlasting gratitude, or wrought np to a ; pitch by my entreaties, I cannot say, but Holly swept out of the kitchen without another word. In an incredibly short time she re- I turned with Tim. Tim Taberah was the I " innocent " of the parish. He was a harmless imbecile, deft with nothing save ! scissors and razor. Here he was a genius. He lived not a stone's throw from my | fathers house, and plied his trade in his sisters neat little houseplace. Tim used to shave all the farmer's men in the dis- [ trict at a penny a chin, and did his work ' skilfully and welL The better sort of people went to Hr Smith's, who had a shop with good fittings in the front street, and charged sixpence- nothing less. He snipped and shaved badly. Tim came shambling into the kitchen and at once doffed his cap. He glanced j round nervously. "It's the young lady as you've to shave," said Holly, with some show of ; authority. ! Tim twitched hi? fingers and blinked j ruefully at the ceiling. " Xow, don't stand staring like that. Get to work. lad. Have you brought ! your scissors ? " Tim produced them. "And Tour razor?" . " Yes." It was now my time to quake. . I " Is all right upstairs ? " I inquired of | Holly, amply to gain time. " Yes, miss." ? i " Where is nurse? " ! " Asleep, miss- The mistress is in the nursery" ? ~ \- "And cook?" " She's at chapel." " And Jane ?" , ; -r '/ "Everybody's out miss," answered ? Holly, who did not entertain my fears. ; She had got Tim into the kitchen, and I now wanted the business over I cast a furtive glance, round, as if say ing good-bye to everything, and, seating mvself upon a chair with much the same feeling as I can imagine a poor creature faces the last penalty of the law, pre pared to meet my doom. I had (snip) been horrified at the bare idea of a bald head: but how : should I look in. the next few minutes? How I cold, the sdssors were I And what on . ' earth did Holly (snip) want with soap suds ? Was she going to blow (snip) bubbles on Sunday night? Until my hair grew up where should X go ? "What- should I do ? Would mother be (snip) . very, . very cross ? I must,- of course, exonerate Holly from all blaine. How light and cool my head was -begin ning to feel I Would-oh! oh* where was Holly? . I dared not speak, or look. : I or move. If retribution were heeded for j my foolhardines*, surely this was enougo. " Oh - mother, mother,; jnotherl"*. my heart cried, " come to ass I" closed ray eyes as I coul'l, oat tijis I K+f)°n serTe^ . onlj" to raise my scalp a , ^m's »»*. I wouldhjfye up and ran away. But I simply ove- Tlm "was an idiot. He ^^ed on, and I shuddered. The soap fleafa' and 1 feltdeadly oS dJL^4-?^ fai"n> ^ I --Id an/lM j , Tml ceased operations, Th^Tr doUced we-Vriffi cold water. J.hen I opened my eves. Tim -wag grinning at me. ^ T was " ab?au{7 nov"he chnckled. " ^5lt-yonr tongue." cried Molly. Em. ggest 1 eTer seed," concluded Molly, exasperated br such cool HtcW^ CMTied ^.'ow of the ^ JeSry^' :,shein<fm-rfiU n°W' Oh ! don't ask me, Molly " ' Was it awful bad ?" '' "Shocking I" ^ J-0U di(i Pal1 some fanny if T '?° f15tafce- Miss.Jenn^ ?P ffie lftter.^111 a bit' rU ^ g°! Up ^Pm the cW a»d .took my old seat on the fender. iToilv bustled things, and removed sUtraeoc or halr_ just as if J wfire nnt evidence enough ! I gazed into the fire and saw nothing but bald-headed girls T t,was wonderfully calm now. Indeed, I know nothing that has such a 3hav"l^ UenCe aS havil1" one's head t cried3Iolly. "Ihear -"em taking Eon up stairs iliss Jenny, cook will be here presently." , 1 required no second bidding 3£v head felt as %lit as a cork and as cold a^ bone V&ry; pnff of air P?netrated to tbe In the breakfast room it was quite 1 dark, and already lamps were being . T market-place. The belLl in the Abbey Church were chimin^-. But was it a quarter or half-past eight ? I could not tell. I threw up the window 7 -Tk°ut' for the cburch clock was plainly discernible from anv of our win dows m the front of the house. It was bali-past eight, so it would be the servants who were coining in. Craniiir. my neck a little further, for I fancied I Taberah standing near the steps talking to some other lads-was he talk ing about me f-there came an unearthlv yelL It echoed through the market place with "O HordI 0 Lord!" A woman flung up her arms, and straight way went off into hysterics. I tried to <=ee what woman it was, and leaned a little inrther out. ghost;-' shrieked several voices, and people scattered right and left. Where t called out a man.hurrying "Why, in't banker's parlor I " I drew in my head. Then the awful aess ot my condition was fully realised. heard the servants come running in to bear the news. 2Turse confronted tnem. ily mother also joined in the throng. " Tut! tut' " I heard nurse sav. " A ghost, indeed, what next r " Feet came hurrying towards the break East-room, and I hid behind the window jjnrtains. Nurse entered first, followed Iatfaer- He had been drawn tuther by the hubbub and noise. He held i lighted candle in his band. Behind same Molly, with a trooo of trembling women m the rear. Last of all, m? aiother, pale and wan and anxious look You mean that you. saw soiuethiu«> self,'* cried .Jane the housemaid, "and so 3id Lilly Xaylor. and Anne Brailsford, and-She shuddered, the bare re collection proring too much for her nerres. They formed an amateur exploring party, these people, peeping under tables, behind doors, and round the coal-scuttle. They came close to the window. "Wnat should I do: My dear, kind mother stood there white and trembling. I had endured so much, X could stand no more. £00 u they would unearth me-and-I threw back the curtain, and rushed for ward, crying 41 Mother ! M Mine was not a faint cry. but those which greeted it were deafening. "Why my mother fainted, or why my father dropped the caudle, leaving the room in total darkness, or why people should springy and clutch, at each other, and then finally decamp, was for the moment a mystery to me. But all things were ex plained to the bald-headed ghost- later on. ir. B. 