WHO IS HE ? OR Tie Indian MaMma in Australia. - \- |cor mxonT.1 i . m m \ /AN AUSTRALIAN STORY j OF THE Natural & Supernatural, ' . . : SY EENNETK HAMILTON M.D.,F,R.0.S. CHAPTER XXII. — (Continued.). "No, Miss Marsdon; tho concerns of tho city do n'ot scorn to belong to mo in any way r— and yet I remember now I did hear Sir Samuel Moses ask our friend, Lumsden, if the city was not likely to havo an -earthquake soon, but Lumsden laughed long and.loud, so I suppose it was only a jqlco. But somo one calls. I must go. Good-night, Edith, kind little friend — you havo given me now energy . and thoughts to-night." " I did not hear anyono call." "No! thoro it is again — 'tis that man, tho . . master of my fife. I must go — X must go !" Apparently quite oblivious of Edith or hall-room or anything, with a sudden, half- stupid look, Barton turned and wont swiftly, with tho air of a somnambulist, out at tho open door and over tho smooth lawn into tho quivering moonlit night. " Georgo ! George, my darling ! What is it ? You — so strong, so able a man ! What is this mystery? Alas ! that you evor sfiould havo resoucd mo from a sleop that at least could not havo had this yearning pain in it — and yet I oannot wish I had never known you ; hut one thing remains — I must bear, as others have done, and wait. L5vo can do no harm, hut by its unselfish deciro for tho suprome good of tho loved one will suroly draw down blessings and ho a guard from' that evil influence whatever it may bo." Wait and boar patiently and silently, then, Edith Marsdeu — at loast your own heart will gain in courage and strength, and your sympathy with others who suffer will dcepon and strengthen; so you shoU bo of strong heart, a noble, unselfish, if a lonely woman, ' bearing others burdens because of tho strength that has come of sorrow and silent hearing of your own. Many a lonely woman has so lived, and will so livo whilo Die old earth turns round. , \- , |.j CHAPTER XXIII. ' . TEE SAFE H0BDEUY. Halim Haki, or whatever was his namo, and Barton, or whatever was Acs name, had loft thoir old domioilo in Little Bourko street. Barton novcr know whether hiB involuntary introduction to tho Wallaces pleased or dis pleased his companion and master. Tio In dian was inscrutable — at any rate ho made the best of tho inevitable and never grumbled against fortuno no matter what pranks sho played him. Tho relationship between the two men was unchanged. Tho Saxou sub- mitted to tho awful will-foroo of tho adopt. It seemed as if tho eastern magician played with him as the cat plays with the mouse, f giving him mental latitude for a timo only to ; withdraw the license again as if from mero whim.- , Ho played on tho man as the skiilod musician plays on tho stringed instrument, ; or ratlior as tho oxport horseman controls tho . mettled steed, at one time allowing him to poco and ease and at another pressing homo tho sharp spurs into his rocking flanks. Barton was right when ho told Miss Marsdon that he could not distinguish his one self from his other self. His two existences were almost as distinot as if thero wero two bodies and two souls. But Halim had not quite deserted Little Bourko street. That thoroughfare possesses a population sui generis. In its dens may ho found the besotted Chinese, tho savage Afghan, the stealthy Malay, mingling with the equally savago scourings of a British city. Perhaps tlio detective Booking his proy iu theso squalid ptrliens, or tho sturdy polico- man walking carefully up the narrow roadway knew something of tbo Indian's dark and mysterious house, but they had always enough business on hand to prevent them making incursions into regions whioh might not turn out profitable, and tho house was left sovoroly Mono. Tho only ono seon in connection with tho plaeo was a fieroe Ben galee, who looked as if " Thuggism ' ' was his creed and its practice his forte. In the same room thero in Littlo Bourko street in whioh wo sawdomioiledourmystori- ous acquaintances, we can see tho same two mon seated again as they thon .wero; " Bar ton's " oysa had the same far-away look in \- thorn as we noticed then,andhehadovidently returned from obe of thoso mysterious jour- ' neys in , spirit land, on whioh he travelled obodiontrto the wiU of his companion. " The' time has come," said tho Indian, " when wo murt 'make our first attempt. I am sure you will bo ready." "Yes," said Barton; " I am ready, but I J do not understand your aims. Thero .is something in me that rebels against it all, nnd yot' I oannot force myself freo; ' You overpower mo. I feel oppressed hore and there," striking his head and heart. "I- . know you are hurrying mo into somo internal wickodnoss or another- I know you havo had mo in the past by soihe infernal wickedness, ' nnd yet I can do nothing. Curse you!" ho continued, "I don't know what keops my yhands from your throat, you villain, to 1 throttle you, to squeeze your life out of your j ' miserable Qarcass bit by bit." He hod suddenly reaohod the stage of . furious rago, and he rose, up and stredo over \- to the Indian, who remained oalm and care- 'less. "See," Barton wont on, "that arm — look at that ohost. Why, man, I could orush , . the little insignificant life out of you beforo 'jpnohowl of fear could pierce these walls." " Hush," said the Indian, calmly and , ajitkoritativoly , and tho man uttered not- an - Cutter word. "Listen. To-night our first I attempt has to be made, and there must be no failure'. The objoot is to chookmato I wickedness, as you puritanioal English call l it, and two old frionds of yours, Fcrrin and 'Simpson, will thank you woll hereafter. Why 1 should interest myself about thorn I can hardly understand, and I don't think it oomos from weakness — and the speaker smiled— iNow, syhat I want done I can explain iri a ..very short timo. You know whoro the horse and nartnre?!' ' ' . "Yes." ' "Vory woll, you must Have the cart ' and horse on tho orossing of the St. Hilda '.and ' Domain .Roods at half-past- eleven to.-night. You must not wait for mo but continue walk- , Jug np the road. I shall he thero and follow . you, and after you roach Flinders streot I'll (get on tho cart and tako tho reins. Bo not . ' notipe anything, but simply do as- 1 toll you »—yatt understand." . '. ! ;; - "Yesl InndcrstandP" ' \ Sr- "It is now niiio o'olook and yon must ?!' atark dt.onoe. You must put «m the dress- 1 provided for you. Itemombor in all this you , ' . have nothing to foar .no matter, what may, >' happen, ZaMgue joaofthat, and Ialsbaesvixo ,you that Whatever will bo done to-night will injure, thoso who dosorvo injury, and may do good to thoso who deserve it. That is an ethibal problem for you when it is stated by me. Now go, and remember what I havo said." About half-past elevon a waggon was driven at the usual easy pace up the St. Hilda Road. The driver looked as listless as the gentleman of his profession as a general rule doi The big horse jogged along at his case, .taking everything as it came with tho indif ference of custom. Soon were seen the long array of lights whioh illuminate Frlnoe's Bridge, stretohing out into the comparative , darkness of tho city beyond. Hero and there the tall, shadowy buildings and an occasional lofty towor reoeiv.od tho ghost-like reflec tion of a street lamp and Btood outlike fresco- work from the background of a leaden sky. Tho poUooman on his solitary beat along the bridgo watched with lazy indifloronoo the huge horse and cart as they roiled past and wakod the eohoes of tho silent street with hollow rumbling. He- was even inolined to relieve the monotony of his vigil by saluting tho driver. What a condescension of tho speo. and span constable to unofficial mor tality — but he seemed half asleep on his pcroh and the constable thought no more about it. . v Opposite the fish-market a new' arrival sprang to tho perch beside the driver not stopping tho lumbering waggon whioh thun dered up Flinders street without attraoUng a glance from a passer-by or even the alert policeman on his heat. Soon it reaohod tho mora retired streets, where in the stirring hours of day the merobant princes of tho " Quoon City. of the South" are won't to congregate. Tho great black houses were now unoccupied and in darlcnoss, save where in , the hasomonts here and there or iu the attics a littlo fight gleamed from tho uncur tained window where the watohman kept nightly gfiard. , ( The carij lumbered away and finally tnmod? into the narrow street at the rear of William streot and up one of the right-of-ways leading to tho book premises of the building in which wero situated the offices of Sir William Wal-, p!0. The oart was booked with the greatest coolness as eloso as possible to the wall and tho two mon desoended. At a touoh the .gate was opened, and one of the men, who seemed to havo the power of seeing in the rtlhrk, entered the hack yard without hesita tion. " You remain hero," he said in an ordinary tone to his companion. " I shall call for you whon I want you." He walked up to a window barred with heavy iron, and, seizing one of tho bars, , ha tonohedit with some ohomioals whioh he took from his pookot. ' At once a lambent flame licked tto metal and stele rapidly from bot tom to top of tho rod, throwing as it spread a fiiokcring light on a magnificent diamond he: wore on his finger which refieoted it again in a thousand corusoationsof ovory tint. Tho iron absolutely disappeared. It neither fused: nor mouldered — it simply resolved it— solf. Tho man with tho utmost dexterity cut a circular pieco from tho largo window- pano, and tho noxt moment he bad swung himsolf into tho inner templo of Mammon, tho office of Sir William. "Might havo avoidod this trouble but for tho chains," lie muttered. " Now, I must- soo about tho watohman." Ho scarcely touphed tho bolted door when, it seemed to spring open of its own accord. Tho wholo building was in tto dense gloom and darkness of night, but this did not trouhlo the mysterious. visitor. Ho made his way to the foot of tho stairs and calmly walked up, stop by step, until ho reached the attic, whoro henooth ono of the doors a light shono showing that rooin at least had a tenant. Tho door was suddenly flung opon and a young man appeared .on the threshold with a revolver in ono hand and ahcavylife';" prcservorin tho other. - " Who aro you?" ho oried, as the strqnger approached him with calm unconcern. "Put up your weapon, friond." Tho "friend" hod presented tho rqvolvor straight at his head. '"v" "Why should IP" " Bccauso I toll you to do so, and S ttm ac customed to bo obeyed," said tho other, and, wonderful to relate, after a moment's hesita tion tho deadly weapon was lowered, and tho watohman's oyes drooped undor tlio magnetic gaze of the stranger. "Baok to your couch," ho said to tho man, and ohediont ob a dog ho oboyod. Into the little room he went and threw himself heavily on tho raattrns in a cornor. "Must givo jho thing an appearance," said tho visitor to himsolf with a smile, as, ho proceeded to bind tto man as he lay with a ropo ho took from his pocket. Tho business was quiokly done, and thon ho turned to tho victim or subjeot, which you will, and told him not to awoke for threo hours and "forgot." Whether tho magnetio sleep is cataleptic or not tho man obeyed the orders, and when tho mysterious stranger left the room ho loft boJ hind him a body, to aU intents, lifeless and senseless. Very deliberately the Indian, for it was ho as will bo vory easily understood, walked down tho stairs and returned to tto office. He at onco approached tho safo, und, taking tho samo bottlo from his pocket, applied tho con tents all around tho look, first taking tto pre caution to keep tho action of tho liquid under control. Again tho motol yielded and disappeared. Tho massive door swung opon and Wallace's treasuro was disolosed. Tho Indian walkod to tho window and summoned his companion who leisurely approaohod." ' ' " Take1 tto boxes I shall give you to tho 'cart': and, place' them inside," said tho master. Box after box was convoyod to tho window and thonco to tho cart without the slightest interruption, until tho whole contents of tho safe woro romovod. Thon and only thon tlio Indian was contented, and ho quiakly loft tho plaoo, drawing down tho broken window as ho stood on tho window-sill. Barton and ho mounted tho pereh, nnd tho, big horao' jogged away at his usual paco though hto load was muoh grentor than it was before. Again the rumbling cart broke tho eohoes of the deserted streot, and again some policeman heard the sound with indif ference and hardly cast a thought on the late contingent of tho army of tho night, Nest day the columns of tto evening papers wero filled with accounts of tto most mysteri ous and audaoious safe robbery, and for a wook >or . perhaps fiill nine days the whole journaldom of the oolonio3 was in a formont, and tho detootives and policq forces roooivod tho soarifying they always deservo and, poor wrotohos, got without mercy. But tho carthad jogged along tho Brighton Road until it was near Elstornwiok where it halted, and from behind a terrace of half- built houses Barton led a horse and a light trap. The contents of the oart wore qntoldy transferred, and the two men took thoir scat on the vohiole and thon drovo rapidly away in the direction of St. Hilda beach. Two days after John Smith at the St. Hilda Court was fined for allowing this cart and horse to wander. . He pleaded guilty to the insinuation of " a wee drop too'- much," ' and paid his flno like a man. , ' '' , . . ; ;. — — > ' . . j CHAPTER XXTV ; toe comuebolul c0a61i. ' ..Thero was .rare, confusion, in "Wallace's Toorak mansion. - Long' before the master of the establishment was accustomed to leave his- bedroom -a hansom cab hod driven up furiously to the jdoorv and a man bad rung , tho boll with such startling energy that tho calm, decorous and obsequious footmen had been so agitated that thoir powdered looks stood np on end, and tho man who had at last regained sufficient courago to open the door looked as if a reoont, earthquake had shaken him out of his sonscs. "Without waiting for explanation the mes senger pushed into tho magnifloont hall and askod for Sir William. "I must soo him at once even in his bed room," said he, " and show mo the bedroom' quickly,'.' , . . - , , . . Thoro was no.donying him, and he was led up the stairesBO by- the footman -who .en deavored to impress on the gentleman that ho would not ho responsible for disobeying "horders" in suoh an outrageous manner. Sir William opened the door of his dressing- room and received tho messenger with every appearanco'of surprise. ' The messenger was the obsequious secretary. As soon as Sir William saw him he hurriod him into tho room, leaving the flunkoy bewildered and as wise as over at tho door. Five minutes aftor the bell of tho dressing-room wus hlso ringing furiously, and the footman, who answored— he had not beon far from the door— saw .his master f ully teased and in a state of extreme agitation;'': - ' , , " If tho' hansom hqsnot gone detain it for flye putosl'-JJIf ith'as gone orde? Jonps to bring out tho carriago as quiokly as he Jean get the homes in." ". v": Tho footman for onco in his life made his ' well-padded limbs do duty in earnest. Ho rushed down the stairs and flow to tto door. The hansom hod not gone, and tho driver was rubbing down his smoking horsb. Two minutes nfter Wallace oamo down the staffs - with headlong haste, and, without q word to the wondering servants, ho sprang into the hanBom followed 'by his secretary. " .. " For your life, quiok!'.' ho "palled out to :,theeabi>y..':,?;i'il .find-.you a, new horse if : that onb.goes undorf'/i v..w 'i ' The cabman know, hid customer, and leaped to his box iu' an instant; and in anothor. in stant the Vohiole waa sweoping down tto avenue and out of tho gates into tho road. . Thohorso and driver bravely earned tho muni ficent fare whioh the iattor reoeived from the Beoretary when tto passengers woro landed at the William- street office. Thoro wero a few loungers about the doors, and tto pro mises woro in th'e chargo of the polioo. The constables saluted. The great finonoier was a man to bo honored. Wallace came into the office and ran at onco to the safe. It was as had Leon re ported to him. Not on atom of paper; not a coiq of tho realm was there. What could ho done? Two detectives were making a aaro- ful oxamination.of the premises. They saw tho void round tho place where onoo the ohubb used to bo. Thoy saw the greatoircle cut out of tho window-pane. Everyone saw that as well as the officers. But where was tho iron bar gone to? Where wero tho shat tered pieces of the safo? They couldn't see these shy more than the less expert on-- lookers. Wallace said never a word, but in his brain there was always a dull ooho as if a fiend, was whispering, "Done for, done for!" in every key and on every tuno that ho had evor ' hoard. The full extent of tho : disaster only himself 'could know. Even the money was only the least of his losses. There has boon evidence in that huge safe enough to destroy the highest rbputationsinViotoria, his among thereat. "What was to be done? Was there. any \- way out of suoh ruin ? Send for Lumsden, and at onoe." Lumsden oamo. and Wallaoomade.no ox--; aggerated display, He simply pointed to the ' safe. " All gone," he said. . "You're mad to sayso!" criedytte other. ."'Neither mod, nor -dreaming,", said Sir WilliamJ . ; "' '" What, aU that money gone ?" "Yes, every stiver." , Tho two mon looked at each other with despqir in their eyes.' ' "Thou, this is no place for me," said Lumsden, getting up and coming round to WaUaco's chair and whispering to him : " I shall pick up the fow thousands I , told you of and slope and shuro with you. It is not much', hut it will carry ' us' over to tho Pacifio Slope." ' ; Wallace smiled. "Woll," ho roplicd, "thoro is honor among thieves after all. But no ! my hoy. Get away yourself. I am done for, and shall moot it all. What you do, however, you will havo to do quickly or you will not have tho chunce of doing anything." Lumsden took, his ally's band and pressed it warmly. Good- byo, old man, good-hyo and better luck. 1 daren't meot tho sho dovils of tho south or I'd see it out with you. But hang it, man, thoy would tear mo ip picoes if they lmow all.'.' At this moment u telegram was put ihis hand. He oponed it. It was a telegram from Halim Haki, Launccston, and ran as follows: " I shall' want to withdraw tho valuables you have of minb on Monday next. I . am sura tho shortness of the notioo will not trouhlo you.", Wallace laughed aloud at . tho reading of tto telegram. "Well, Halim Haki,V Bald he, soliloquis ing, "I doubt you will have to toko out a hawker's lioonso. Yam' gold and your dia monds have gono jvlicro I doubt you wiU not follow them." But let mc to business. He took up his pon and wrote continuously for -upwards of an hour.. Ho gavo-striot ordors that no one ,,vyas;to bp aikiiit&ri; ttnt he was in to no ono vintil -iflte inquiries madjo in, tjhe.outop,r9bin'.about'himsolf— about tlio qgfo,rol)l)s'ry, and coujooturcs about the amount .of gold .that had been stolon, but he wrote on. At last he finished and ho quietly ' rolled up tho manusoript and sealed, tlion as qulotly ho took a small revolver from his desk- drawer, and, after trying with itforaminutn or so, pullodtho trigger and William Wallace was no moro., ' . The quiot way iri which it wasalldono was" tho only vory .rornarkable foot about it ull. Suioido may , bo' regarded as cowardly,' hut thero are somo positions in whioh, whbn mcr.' like Wallacri' bro pli'cod, thoy can soe no other . nlternriffvo'.' ' ,nib Roman ' philosophor would notblamq<th!m.;'j.j V CHAPTER XXV. dank suspensions. . Collins streot was in an uproar. Men and womon and ahildrou rushed about liko tho ants 'of a nost on whioh somo heavy animal has trodden and brought ruin. Thero was madness in;tho air— tho madness ofdespairjof disappointed hopes, of ruined fortunes, and whcre-dld tho ruin end? Was thoro any in- ' stitution safe? )Vas tho ' country itsolf safe? . - It , was not to be wondered at that tho peoplo of Viotoria were woll nigh. fronziod. . Tha straggle for;existenoo is a hard ono at tho , host,- nnd mon- of oven tonipbrato Hop'os look forward to surooasoaf. tho labor and toil of" battlo. and risked their present possession fo: 0' fntriro 'gain. Melbourne hud been in tho olouds. 'v What nood would thoro ho for work ing when the wholo' outside world was about to throw into Viotoria its aooumulatod wealth ? . What more to do than to spend a littlo money now and dxaw it in again inorejeod a hun dred -fold P It viras tho easiest way of mat- ing a provision for the future rainy day that httl ever beon planned, and a good many plans have been forced in this old world of 'V> 'find a short-oqt to wealth. W. H. 14 - . . . ItO EE OONXUiUW-& . 