\CHILDREN'S COLUMN. AN OLD FRIEND. In October, 1889, when ernising off the i north of JMew Guinea, ire ran one day Into a big school of whales, and lowered Jour boats. 1 The bow boat tan np to a big one, and the boat- j steetpr bore his iron, bat it drew out again, j This roused the school, and before any of the i other boats could get fast ihey cleared. Just then I signalled from the ship for the boats to i return and tackle tuiother school in eight close to the ship. Three boats got down among them, and the fourth .mate's fa-tened to a big bull. He sounded at onoe, and the other two boats drew up so as to be near him when he rose, for then his mates would gather round and every boat be sure of Retting fast, i his fellow was a Ion# while sounding, and the officers in the other boats eagerly watched the trend of the line from the fourth mate's boat as it tore into the ocean depths. At last the huge head of the strioken whale broke water, lie was surrounded by many others, and the third mate's boat darted in and got fast to a medium- sized one. The instant this latter felt the etine of the iron he made a streak for the fourth mate's boat which was 8till fast to the big bull; sinking under her he rolled, belly up, with his lowBr jaw on one sidcatthe boat, and his "junk* (upper jaw) on the other, and ornshed her to inatoh wood, Of oourse the moment the terrible jaws were visible the crew sprang overboard, and by miraculous -good Inok escaped the fate of the boat. Having done for one boat the whale settled down, flukes first, to about 30 fathoms, . and, per haps remembering that tho harpoon buried deep into him, with the line attached, aame from the third mate's boat, be ro»6 under her, bit tier bows off clean as far as the bow thwart, and dived again. All hands at onoe sprang out of that boat, and bad barelv got clear when up he oame again, and bit off another six feet of the oraft. Then, taking no notice of the two crews struggling in the water, he darted off towards the only loose boat, that of the mate and rushing head firft at her, opened his awful jaws and made a savage snap, but missed, his teeth merely tearing the outside of the planking as the crew sterned her off. The mate, who stood bis ground coolly, watched the brute shoot his head right out of the water as he missed bis bite, and then picking up his bombzuu, the officer fired a lance square into the great broad chest. When the shot struok the whale he was in a perpendioular position, his flakes deep down, and showing the upper part of his body olear out of the water. Two, or perhaps three, seconds elapsed, and the bomb was heard to burst inside the mighty frame. It stiook him sorely; be quivered and trembled, and then, throwing himself fiat on the water, he went into tbe agonies of Mb flurry, rolled over, and gave up his greasy ghost. Meanwhile the second officer's boat had come up after rescuing the crews of the third and fourth mates' boats, and then the ohief made a hole in the dead whale's nib (nose) for a towline, the lines were cleared, and he was pulled by the two boats to the ship. Now, here is a curious thine. On stripping off the blubber near tbe "small" the sharp soade struck againtv> a piece of iron. The junk of blubber was loisted on deck, and it was found that the iron was one of our har poons that we had fired into that identical whale about twenty months before when cruising off Wangi Wanei iu Ootober, 1837. How could we prove it? Very easily. Every harpoon is branded with the ship's name, and the boatsteerer, whose particular iron it is, aUo puts his private mark on. BO as to avoid dispute by another boat claiming' to bare struck a whale first. .. * > The mate had fastened to that game whale nearly two yiars before, as you will see by the lop, in the Moluccas. TJie iron, however, struck him too far-aft in the " nail," and just as he sounded he gave a furious kick, which snapped the iron of the shank-a most unusual thing. But then the blow was so sudden and of such terrific force that I suppose it broke like a carrot. Well, he got e l ran away, and yet, here off the north of New Guinea, and in the Pacific Ocean, 1,800 miles from the place where be got hie first touch of cold iron, and after an interval of nearly two years, he fell foul of us again, and cliawed up two boats to show us he hadn't forgotten the unnleasantness that occurred in the Moluccas. -J. B. Cabpenteb, in N.Z. I mail. 