SYNOD OF THE CHURCH Otf ENGLAND. The first) session of tho Second Triennial Synod of tho Church of England in South Australia was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on Monday evening, the day of the Feasts of S.S. Philip and James. The congregation waa a large one. A full choral service was held. Prior to giving his pastoral addross Bishop Kenuion installed with the ceremony ap pointed for the occasion the Rev. Canon French as Archdeacon of Petersburg and tho North. The Bishop then gave his pastoral address as follows : — ' My Reverend Brothrenand Brethren of tho Laity — When, ten years ago, I addressed tho Synod of this Diocese for the tirst time I thought it my duty to call attention to the transitional state of public opinion on religious and also social matters. To ignore changes of opinion on matters of such importance is im posbible. Whenever they take piace on a large acale many minds will necessarily be per turbed, even though no action etinsoquont upon these opinions has followed. But i& is always wiser to look fauts in the face— to attempt at least to record the set of the tide, and to en deavour to gather some idea of how we are affected by it. And the ten years which havo last elapsed do afford some data for gauging the character of these changes. I propone to ask you to view with me the changes that havo sets in upon four different aspects of our Church life and work, and to test, however inado qnately, the manner in which our position and duties' stand affected. The points which I select for our chief examination are — the changes in opinion as to, firstly, inspiration of Holy Scripture ; secondly, the idea of worship ; thirdly, tho idea of Church work ; _ and fourthly, the growing desiro for tho unity of the Church. You would riirhtly say that these are questions so often treated of before that their reiteration appears wearisome ; and you might properly remind me that great thinkers and toachera have spoken of these matters eo forcibly that the case for each is only weakened when treated in the brief limits of a pastoral address. Bat on the latter point it is well to remember thac all persons have not the opportunities of studying these subjects which you, my reverend brethren, and I are able to enjoy ; and io 13 generally advisable that the opinions of one set in such a position as I am should bo under stood by the flock committed to his oaro. While on the former point I must remind you that the changing conditions of social sur roundings cause some new aspect of the question to come into prominence overy year. Take, for instance, the gradual drift ot the times towards socialism. That this drift is observable few will dony. It is, I suppose, tho inevitable tendency of democracy. Somo persons expect from a fuller development of it results which cannot be painted in colours too glowing. Other3 grow pessimistic as they contemplate the approach of the civilized world towards a region of which the exploration has been so meagre. The Church can undoubtedly adapt herself to the life of a country which is either domooratieal or monarchical. But as men undergo changos in politics they are likely to get different views of religion, and it is our duty to endeavour so to present to them the teachings of Christianity that political or other changes shall not lessen their faith in tho groat spiritual verities, by which their livos are to bo leavened. What indeed socialism would ultimately become if the teaching of the Church were eliminated seems a very gloomy picture. A very shrewd observer, well known as a prominent man in Australia, .and who is wholly in touch with secular movements, has in a recently pnblished book indicated the future ( sc judiccj of socialism flu siys : — It seems reasonable1 to nssiuno that religion will gradually puss into a recognition of etoicil jirt* et-pt-s and a graceful habit uf morality; r.!i:U the mind wiJl occupy itself less and l«ss with works of Ktnius ami uioru and inure with trivial results ami epliniitral discussions; that husband ami wife, patents and children wiil coma to mean les-= t-- one another, mid tluit romantic feeling will die out; in consilience; that t,ho old will iucre:«e upon the yunuj!; thut two treat incentives to effort, tho iWsiie towe power for noble ends and the itotiio to u« highly esteemer!, will come to promino Io«i to capable men as the fiehl of human unergy is crowded, and generally that the world will iio lift without deep eonvicthiii or enthusiasm, without the regenerating intiuenco of the ardour for poli tical reform arid the fervour of pious faitu which have quickened men for centuries past as not.ninj; vUe has quickened them with a p:ission pmifjiiu; tho .soul . . . it is more than probable that our science, our civilization, our great and real advance in the practice of government are oniy bringing us nearer to the iliy when tho lower nu'es will predominate in the world, when the higher rices will lose their noi'lest elements, when we.shull itsl; nothing from the day but to live, nor from the future but that we may nut deteriorate. ' But Professor Pearson leaves out of count tho influence of the Church. Tho monotonous drab with which he sorrowfully paints the future result of the secular forcus of which lie is apparently so proud is just duo to his making no placo in his system for the brightening-hallowing influences of that re ligion of which he assnmes thedecay. Now, here we join jssuo with him. His e.itimatu of the Church is not, as we conceive it, a right one. Ho has apparently little idea of the Divine Society. It is not, therefore, to bo wondorod atHthab the Church, as ho portrays it, loses hold on tho popular imaginacion and is un able to invigorate and onlitrhtea the State. And it is just because of the tendency to ignore or forget tho true character of tho Church, which is apparent! in such writings as Professor Pearson's, and which is common enough in the colonies, that I am asking you to look ati the questions I havo selected for our consideration, and to endeavour to soo how they concern us in the view which as Churchmen wo should taku of tho Church of our forefathers. In Mr. Pearson's powerful volume his presentation of all the groat topics he deals wfch, save otio, urn apparently up to date, and the study of them is in itself an educa tion in the political and social as well as literary achievements of the ago. But his idea of the Church is that of forty yeitrs ago, hence his discount of its iuiiuonce. I ask your atten tion to tho different conception of tho Church which prevails now in the writings say of the leading Churchmen at home from that which was held ft generation ago by most of m is bearing most forcibly upou tho quantum whioh we are about to consider as the first of our selected subjects. INSPIRATION 01?' HOLY SCUUTHUES. 'Tho questions oa tho inspiration ot li-iv Scriptures which have arisen through what ii known as tho higher criticism would li:uo bten well nigh fatal to tho faith of many pro feseing members of tho Church of England had they been brought forward Hfty, forty, ur oven twenty years ago with the samo cogent argu ments with which thuy aro now accompanied. The opinions which commonly prevailed before tho great teachings of Maurice on the one hand and of tho Oxford school on tho other had lilti-red through tho mind* of averago people Bectncd to include the ideas that tho Bible was, in so plenary a manner, so verbally, ao equally inspired that t;rror could in no way exist in it. That geology, astronomy, goj grauhy, and chronology must adapt thorns. :lv.s to tho statements of the Old Teatamunc under the penalty of incurring tho chargo of blas phemy. That to evfen allow there were dilli cnltics in the reconciliation of various sijace ments of Holy Soripturo with oaoh other savoured of irreligious presumption. Th'it every verso of Holy Scripturo stood, a* it were, by itself a sufficient guarantuo of the mind of the A'mighty up'jn tho matter B]K-ken of in that verse. Further, that She chief purpose of tho Church was to dis Boinin.ite the Bible ; and, indeed, that tho Church only existed as the outcome of the 'Bible. Such a principle as the diotutn of Dr. Hawkins— 'Tho Church teaches, the Bible proves' — would have be«n commonly scouted a& being the reverse of facts. Practically the creed of many waa 'The Bible, and tho Bible oiily.' And no ono who looks into the m.ittor thoughtfully can fail to s«o what noble and holy lives, what sanctified and happy hmtisw. grew up under such an influence. Nodouii'a as to the security of thoir position ever or..M-ni:l the minds of the majority of those who Hun loved and reverenced tho ijuimma verhu .-t thoir Bibles from Genesis to Revelation. N'o ultramontane ever rested more supremely content in tho absolute security of his position than did tho believer of tho theory th:in tho Bible waa dynamically and verbally inspired. ' But we must know truth at all hazird.s ; and no theories, however comforting, no eheriahf-d opinions, however dwir to iw from influence or association, must he mamttiined at tho expenso of truth. Cautiously and, in chs old sense of tho word, painfully ought wt- Co receivo the results of the critical schools which at homo and abroad svru busiud in bringing the Scriptures of tho Old Testament under tho philological microscope. .Some persons wouM say— Why stir tho pond ; aro you m-5 endangering tho faith of many to no pur pose? Is it not bettor to l«t such matt -r.s alone, at least for tho present? I answer, it is nob honest to let such matters alone. Our peoplo will havo good reason to inistnws iw in the future, if wo art) found dumb — frail whatever reason — when we might have warmvl and guided amid difficulties that sooner or later must be faced. So long as the rosults of tho higher criticism were received only by tho more advanced Behoofs in Germany, or tven on the first publication of Canon Driver's ' Intro duction to tho literature of the Old Testa ment,' it may havo been bust for us to be Btill and wait awhile ; but how can wo holp reconsidering' our position and readjusting our vihw when wo find so competent and. I suppose, fo conservative a tea.-hnr as the pressnt Rpgiu* Professor of Divinisy at Oxford, Professor Sunday, npa.'.kinsr as follows in tho current Bampton lectures :— His impossible to resist tho impression that Mu critical argument is in the stronger hands, anil tint it is accompanied by a far greater eommiunl of tho materials. ;.The causa of criticism, if we take the word in a wide sens.-. 5.1m do not identify it tno closely with any particular thi-orv, is, it U .litikult to doubt, the winning rausc. Indeed, criticism is Hie only tirucevi !-y winch theulogioii! UuonltsiUo is brought into lino with uthur kuo Arluilge, anil as^uch Uishievitable. .' . . TwopurtieuhrcondusionsOio says) are of .special importance- (1) Tho presence in the Pentateuch of a considerable element which, in its present shape, U held by in ;ny to be not earlier than the captivity ; ami (2) 'h» composition of the Book of Deuteronomy not long, or at least not very long, before its promulgation by King Josiahin n.c. 621, which thus becomes a pivot-dite in the history of Jewish literature. To these posi tions (says the Professor), thus broadly stated, I must, so far as my present judgment goe.i, confess my own adhesion. But the working out of them has not deprived the Old Testament of any of its value. On the contrary, stumbling blocks have been removed; afarinofovivid, a more real appre ht-nsion of the Old Testament both as history and religion lias been obtained; and . . . the old conviction that we have in it a revelation from God to man is not only uuimpaire v.it placed upon firmer foundations. Now it is plain that Buoh conclusions as those above mentioned will affect U3 precisely so far as wo have accepted or not a theory of inspira tion which is upset by them, and I want in the first place to remind you that whatever may have been the trend of thought inside and of late years outside the Church of England since the Reformation, tho Church has never yet ventured to propound any theory of inspira tion. Hew such theories have grown up— whence derived and how far accepted — are questions which would lead U3 too much away from our main track. But to get at some idea of what we mean by inspiration, let .us think for a minute or two in what manner it has pleased God to reveal Himself to man. While to other nations there may have been entrusted other duties, the Hebrew nation was selected to teach the world religion, liy Patriarch, Lawgiver, Judge, and Prophet, moved by God's Holy Spirt, and thus in spired for God's work, did it please the Almighty to gradually lead the nation as it could bear it ta a higher conception of holi ness, and to a knowledge of Himself which Bhould prepare them for His Supreme Revela tion. In the same manner as the Hebrew race had been selected, so were men in that race se lected ' to have their hearth and minds moved in a manner more penetrating and more effective than their fellows, with the result that their written words convey to us truths about) the nature of God and His dealings with men which other writings do not convey with equal fulness, power, and purity.' We say that this special moving is due to the action upon those hearts and minds of the Holy Spirit. And we call their aotion inspiration. (Pro fessor Sanday.) But do not many of the writers seem to be rather the recorders of a revelation than the medium of a revelation 1 And is it not in degree rather than in kind that the difference between their inspiration and that in other literature may be said to exist? When, therefore, the authorship of bookB or the date of their compilation is called in question, does the sacred volume cease in any true sense to bo the inspired word of God? In no true sense does it so cease. The school or college of writers who are recording tho great messages which God cave His servants may make errors as to dates, numbers, or localities, and yet faithfully transcribe the inspired message or indicate the true purpoao in divinely ordered events, and so hand down to us tho Word of God— the record of His revelation. But in tho second place, and chiefly, all the Old Testamenb is the pre paration for the snprerne revelation in Jesus Christ. Every path of truth trodden before His Incarnation converges in Him ; all truth radiates from Him. ' There was the true light which lighteth every man.' Every woid spok'n by Him, subject to the limita tion of His humanity, i3 a full revola tion of truth. Nay, He is truth. He is tho complete revelation of God to man, and thus our religion becomes not that of a book but of a person. Yes, n- Divine Person, who is our Redeemer, Master, and God. Th« object of Christianity is to form in us His character ; the essence of Christianity is union with Himself. Therefore was it He founded His Chun-h, that in His body we might live t)ut His life, carrying out His work, and bpcome the sphere in which to angels (Kph. iii. 10) and to men alike God's purpo.-es should gradually becomo manifest. Wo have sadly ib a whole lost) the conception of the Church us portrayed in the New Testament, else we should realize how not only is it the home of ?alvation, but the sphere of our truest and richest development. We should understand bnw tho apostlo could speak of ' tho whole body boing fitly framed and knit together through that which every joint sup :ilieth according to the working in due measure -f each several part making the increase of the jody,' and how he could speak of us as in it 1 growing Junto a full-grown man.' We shall see that tho common saying, ' The Church if nade for men,' is only a half-truth, and in 3(iw true and suggestive a sense it mav be also mid that 'man is made for the Church;' that he is intended to achieve his full growth iy brotherhood and not by isolation— by ?pirituul interdependence, and not by religious ixclusivenfiss— by sharing with his brethren in ;ho communicated grace of his King, and ibovo all by losiug himself, as lb were, in the life of tho living Lord, who shares His life with His brethren in His body — the Church. Now such ideas as these are growing in men's minds ngain, and taking such hold of them that they we beginning to see what the great conception of the Hcly Catholic Church would be were it not paralysed by Ultramontane bigotry on thn ano side, and by Protestant individualism and ?ectariauism on the other. And just where thcHO ideas have tuken root the altered opinions 13 to inspirations of the Holy Scripture, and of the Old Testament in particular, which are the product of the higher criticism, affect least disturbance. I say the Old Testament in particular, because ib musb be remembered that the skilled criticism of the day has had tho widest possible difference in its results upen the Old and New Testaments respec tively. It is true they could never stand in the Bamo category, for many of the Old Testn ment Scriptures were written ab a long period after the events they describe, while the interval botweu tho events recorded in the New Testamenb and tho writings which record them is at tho most but a few years. Moreover, the importance of the difference between writings that trace the preparation for the supreme revelation in our Lord Jesus Christ and those which describe this revelation can never be sufficiently estimated. Bub the fact remains that the more criticism has been brought to bear upon the New Testament; eunon tho more has our conviction of the authenticity and genuineness of the saorod records becomo strengthened ; and the Now Testament is the proof to us of the truth of uur apostolic creed — I believe in God the Father, I believe in God the don, I believe in God the Holy Ghost. To those, therefore, who have grasped the fact that their religion is, a3 was said, a Person — nob a book— a living, reigning Bbinsr who has made- us one with Him in llin Church, and claims that we s-hould livo as tho^c that arc ono with Him. Tho erilu-ism that removes tho possibility of our holding tho plenary or verbal inspiration of the Bible in no way destroys our faith. Wo believe that in that society which Ho founded wo have fellowship with Him ; airi that fellowship nothing bub our own wilful siu can destroy. And so wo turn to our Old Testnment, looking ad it !*till as God's Book, inautticient in itfelf ??»» save us, but God's guide to us to lead us to tho Living Christ) ; and we turn to our New Testament with the deepest veneration and love for it as the inspired record of the life of ourowu Master, and tha v.or!c imd writings of his apostles in tha Living Church in which we havo our heritage, and we receive God's saving grace. IDKA 01' WOKSHIP. ' From thin great; hiibjeet, oa which it is impossible to speak at such a time in more than outline, I pass to t.ho briefer considera tion of the change of public opiuion on tho idea of worship. The contrast between the ordinary services of the Church of England when I was a boy and tlmse of the present day is very remarkable. Judging from my own impres sions and what others havo said, there was litde thought of corporate worship, although the Book of Common Prayer indicated in every line, from the titlo-paije. to the Tata and Brady psalter usually bound up with it, the real pur posi- for whioh we were gathered together. I think it seemed as if wh were in Church to eacrh fay his private praycre, thoutrh we hap Jiened to say them tit the ^amo time and place. The dreariness to the ynuuk! ar. least was great. There wa?, of aume, grejio reality in the porr.estness of th* thoughtful people, but brightness and ei.idriess worn rertiinly not the chai ncteristic features which impressed tho young. Now how changed for the better are mo^t of our pnryii*?! How much brighter hihI more attractive is the Mpi)«,aranCB of our Churches. How much more hearty and con prpgational is the worship a- a general rule. The cnrplippri choir?, the chantwl psalms, the ehoral celebrations mark ;t i.-hanqn which if it bad not iiurno ^o gradually would have surprised us. Nnr ar* these fhauges confined to tho Church of Enirland. \Vnnu you find a liturpy in usb and daily prayer said in 3b. Giles's Cathedral, Edinburgh, under its Pres byterian regime— when you lind in many of the denomination? which have ^epnmted from th« Church on account of i'sOhiirnhman^hip a gradual .?i;iproxim';ti''ii in the charterer of their building*) mid in their worship to the Church of England standards, ymi I'liiwot help realiz ing that a change ha* pern-rally get in on the .vholu aubjift of imhlic worship, of which wo aro only wisn in faking account that we may spb better what it reqiiies of us. Sp?aking for ourselves, I do believe that in most casps tho cause of the change is a very solid and true one. T? it not due to a greater realization of our Lord as r.hn Living and Reigning King, who in His clorihVd humanity has ascended to His Father's throne, and then- rewives the homagn and adoration of Hi? redeemed brethren? Ta it not that we think of Him more in His victory and His majnsty than men did a while ago? God forbid thab wo should be less mir.dful of Him a« our suffering Savionr. or of our own need of this salvation 'which he so dearly wrought.' But is it not the spiritual gain of our ago that we do think more of tho glory which is our Lord's— the glory of Ilia humanity; the glory of Hia achievements; the glory of His headship over creation; the glory of His kingship? And as wo thus think of Him we recognise more to the full the claim He has upon us— that all we are and all we have aro His. The best wo possess should be given to Him. Hence the wealth of music, the beauty of architecture, the richness of colour ; all are brought before Him as our King. Is nob this ab the door of the growing recognition that in our Eucharist— our Holy Communion — we have our highest act of worship? In this, as a living writer has said — Each Christian bas taken up his own life, his body and soul, and offered it as a holy, lively, and reasonable sacrifice unto God, a servico in spirit and in truth. And deeper still he recognises that his life does not stand alone; through the common ties of humanity in Christ he is linked on by a strange solidarity with all mankind. Hi3 life depends on theirs, and theirs on his, and so he offers it not for himself only, but for all; in the power ot Christ he intercedes 'for all mankind. And, deeper still, he feels in the preserve of the holiness of God how un worthy his own offering and his own prayers are, and lie pleads, he recalls before the Father, as the source of his own hope and his own power of self-sacrifice, the one complete offering made for all mankind. Hence we may rcjoico at the fuller liberty which the Lambeth judgment upheld by the Privy Council bas given in the rendering of the service of Holy Communion. I do nob think the age of superstition will return upon us. The larger, free spirit of the time is a safeguard; bub Buffer one or two cautions from me. In the firab place leb us nob forgeb that our worship is due to God the Father, through His dear Son. Ib is to our heavenly Father's footstool that our Elder Brobher would bring us, and our realization of the glory of the Eternal Son musb nob allow us to derogate from the honour due unto Him who, in the plenitude of His love, has given His only son to be our Saviour, and out of the riches of His glory freely with Him gives us all things. And in the second place will you suffer a caution from me— Is there nob a cause?— lest, perchance, in the desire to exalt our Lord in the celebration of His Holy Sacrament we forgeb that ib is in participation in the reception of ib (of course in the righb spirit) that we musb honour Him. I know of no case in tho early Church of a eucharisb of which the faithful were not partakers. Of course I do nob forgeb thab the increased number of celebrations makes it feasible for a recipient ab an early celebration to be present and join in the prayers and praises of a later one. But the whole tenor of the service of our prayer-books, to which we are bound to be loyal, the whole teaching of the Apostolic writings, and, to the best of my knowledge, the whole tendency of 'the writings of the Apostolic fathers alike press on us that the blessings of the great service are to be_ realized where pos sible by participation in the consecrated elements. Nor does our Church anywhere lay down any instruction on Fasting Communion. Surely, apart from the most solemn prepara tion, the approach to the holy path of our Lord should be at such a time of day and in such mancor that we appear there with our hearts und minds most capable of entering into the full meaning of the sacred service, and our bodies least likely to bo a hindrance and drag upon our minds. Mosb natural, therefore, is ib and mosb helpful that the earliest hours of the day should be those in which we delighb to draw near to our Lord in thab holy pacrament. But for those who cannot communicate early why lay on thorn a burden which neither our Lord nor His apostles have laid ? And then thirdly. The increased number of our choirs and the popularity of choral services should increase our watchfulness, lest that which should bo esteemed so sacred a privilege is to lead the praises of God's people should come to be regarded only as a matter of musical taste or capability. We oannot too often impress upon ourselves, cr on those who share with us the duties of a piominc-nt part in the service of God, that these become a blessing to us or the contrary just so far as our motive is the desire to give God of our best. Watchfulness, I say, lest tho desiro for popularity become paramount, and we be deceived into thinking we are serving God, while all the time we are but serving ourselves ; and we should make good uae of our opportunities. For we clergy have many opportunities of instilling a high ideal into the minds of the members of our choirs, and it is snlpable to lose them. Teach them rather the meaning of their high duties. Let them each remember whom we are praising, and through whom our prayers and praises must ascend. Tis to Thee the chant is lifted, Tis to Thee the heads are tarred; Far less deep was T^mel'i- rapture When the glory filled the cloud. 0, our own true God Incarnate, What should Christians' ritual be But a voice to utter somewhat Of their pride and joy_ in Thee? What but this? Yet, since corruption Mars too oft our holiest tilings, In tho form preserve the Spirit; Give the worship angel-wincs, Till we gain Thine own high temple, Where no tainting breath may come, And whate'er is good and beauteous Finds with Thee a perfect home. UNITY OF THE CHUIICH. 'In bringing to your notice the change of opinion on the question of tho unity of the Church I do not think that I have much to add to what I have said in prt.vious Synods by way of expressing my own view. But ib is well to call attention to whab others havo said, because public opinion has to be formed on the matter, -ind there will have to be a good deal more talk before there can be anything actually done. Bub leb me say thab tho greatest ea couragement that has been given to the great question of borne reunion, so far as the colonies are concerned, is to bo found in the able and statesmanlike and cheering address of tho Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly (the Rev. A. C. Sutherland) in the month of March this year. It is evident thab he allows their true weight to tha four bases of reunion laid down in tbo lnst Lambeth Conference of the Bishops of the Anglican communion; and I think he has grasped tli6 meaning of the fourth of tlieee, viz., 'the Historic Episcopal?, locally adapted in the methods of its administration to the varying needs of the nations and people called of God into the unity of His Church' more clearly than others have done. The fact is no student, since the publication of Lightfoot's great work on the Ignatian Epi-tles, can resist tho evidence for the wide spread ot the Episcopate in the days of St. John and under hisauthority. The question which with many stops the way to their acceptance of this r-lnuso is not so much, I think, the fact of the threefold orders being recognised as the further —and it may be in some cases non-essBntial— ? ideas which, according to their bias, thoy have attached to tho Episcopal Order ; such a ques tion, for instance, as that of th« jurisdiction of bho Bishop, whether it could be exercised 1 nly with or altogether without the consent nf the Synod of the Diocese, and such like. Having to leave so soon for England has r-cemed to mo to bar the way to my endea vouring to enter into brotherly conference with the Moderator upon this great question during the current year ; but, God willing, I hopo next year to have an opportunity of approach ing him, and, if ho be willing, of carefully examining into the wholo subject with him. Although it may be said nob to concern u?, I for one cannot but. look at the contemplated union of tho Methodise with deep interest. So deeply do I feel that whatever inakea for unity must bo pleasing to God, and whatever promotos separation must be grieving to him, that I cannot but wUh them godspeed in their effort. Yet, if it be not impertinent to suggest it, why nob make ib the opportunity for getting into lino, as it were, with the Church from which they have so sadly become divided? The present Bishop of Durham (Bishop Westcott) recently used the expression of the graat Nenconforming bodies that they were not so truly to be regarded as Churches 'as 'great orders in the Church. How far this description would bo accepted by say the great body of We3leyan Methodists I am qu'te unable to say ; but if it were accepted, why should it_ be impossible for them to pro pent one of their own ministers to the Primate, to be ordained and consecrated as Bishop of their Order, and, if the Bishops of the Church of England agreed to it, let one such Bishop of the VVpsleyan or Methodist Order be appointed as assistant to the Bishop of each Diocese, with jurisdiction only over the order of his own people. By this means the ancient Church rule would be preserved which _ forbids the intrusion of one Bishop into the Diocese of another, while, on the other hand, the organization and corpus of the Wwleyan (or Methodist if tho contem plated union be effected) Order would be main tained intact. The gain would be enormous ; instead of rivalry— and I had almost usod a stronger word— there would be brotherly feeling, and little by little, through the grace of God, there would grow up that concerted action which wonld pave the way for the for niation of a great Australian Church. And, indeed, until a real Churah of Australia can be formed the hope of a great Australian nation will not, I think, in a true sense be reilized. Whab a grrab opportunity lies before this brighter Britain if only it could be seized ab bhe riebb moment. God grant nothing may be said or done which could hinder any rightly directed movement towards such a great consummation. There is a change of opinion on this subject. There is a drift towarna unity. May God guide it, and if it seem good to Him grant it prosperity. WORK OF THE CHCItCH. 'From tho idea of tho unity of the Church I am led to speak of the work of the Church, on which subject also opinion is rapidly undergoing change. It is satisfactory to find that the people do expeob work from the Church, and although too commonly by the Church they mean the clergy, yeb there is a willingness to listen, and in some matters to be led, by what the olergy may say on enbjeots that! are cognate to the more spiritual teaching, and functions which are their superlative duties. The happy results of tho mediation of the Bishop of Durham in the great coal dispute of last year, of tho Bishop of Chester in tho sale works dispute, and more recantly of tho Bishop of Wakefield in a local diffi culty are indications that where the impartiality and ability of leading Church men are recognised tho spirit in which they wonld address themselves to the task laid, on them has been recognised as the ground of confidence which both sides bo tho dispute were prepared to place in them. I think this facb is significant. Christianity in the lending country in the world is still felB to be tho moat potenb factor in the dissemination of peace andgood will. Bub, of course, we must nob be led away by ib. These were ex ceptional men, and the occasions demanded them. It would be most unwise, and in time would prove itself to be the worst thing both for the Church and the world, were ministers of religion to be seeking oppor tunities for putting themselves to the front in giving directions from the platform to the State or to the trades as to how they were to direct their affairs. It seems to be a peculiar temptation of the age to obtain notoriety for every good work by the blare of the news paper trumpet. Surely the mosb solid work is that which is done mosb quietly? Let every pariah priest be constant in visitation. Leb the working man feel bhat he has in him a personal friend. Let the sick find in him a constant ministrant and a true comforter. Let the young man and boy find in him the sympathy of a good companion. Let him be ready to raise the fallen, and, where possible, to succour the distressed. Let him in his sermons (as Tom Mann said at a recenb Church meeting at Woolwich) be a little lees ready to say, 'servants, obey your masters,' and say a little more about the duties of masters to their servants, and far more will be accomplished for God and for men than by columns of orations thab win temporary applause. Surely our duty is rather to endeavour to give men a right bias in v/hich to carry forward social movements than to desire to direct such movements ? But I am speaking of direction by word3. Where deeds take the placo of words then indeed we may be thankful. Such a salutary lead as the Rev. Horace Tucker gave m the formation of his village settlements is worthy of all praise. But our main work, be it never forgotten, ia spiritual, and if this be done worthily wa are really fitting men to fulfil their political and social as well as religious duties in the best possible manner. One or two matters both within and without our own Diocese musb occupy our attention a f9w minutes before I close. So much has been written about Lord Tennyson since his death that I will only venture to remind you not only that he is recognised as having best interpreted the spirit of the age, but that in his marvellous poems, whioh always call out a purer, nobler spirit in those who read them, he certainly indicated no decay of the faith. Thab the faith is the better grasped and felt to be powerful in contequenco of his work few could deny ; but the reflection that he gives us of the world, if ib solemnizes us, yeb gives us no note of despair. Those who understand Browning say tbo same of hie work. To turn our attention to statistics seems a great bathos after such proof of the living power of the faith. Bub the returns of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America afford also a striking indication thab in bhab most cosmopolitan of countries, the faith, at least among people represented in our communion, is not on the decline. For while in 1SS0 the ratio of Communicants was one in every 14S of the whole population of the United States, in 18S9 it was one in every 104, and the rate of improvement appears to have been greatly accelerated in the last two years. The men tion of America brings sorrowfully to one's mind the death of bishop Philips Brooks. He was the Robertson of our age ; much mis understood by those who failed to recognise that it was the strong faith within him that enabled him to be so widely tolerant. Ttie Church and the world are the poorer by his sudden death. In the death of Bishop Harold Browne we have lost one of our wisest, most learned, and most attractive of our Bishops at home. His sober-minded teachings made him no unfitting exponent of the mind of the Church of England on great theological sub Jeets 'The bench of Bishops in Australia have been strongly reinforced by the consecration of Dr. Chalmers as Bishop of Goulbourn, and also by the establishment— to the great praise of the Bishop of Brisbane— of the Diocese of Rock harcpton, and tne appointment of Bishop Dawes to that See. The mission field in Africa has been fortified by the erection of two new Sees — Mashonaland and Nyassa. Chota Nagpore and Lucknow have also been consti tuted new Sees in India, and most worthily filled. Foreign missions have this year, I am rejoiced to think, attracted much more atten tion in this Diocese than of late owing to tho visits of the Revs. C. Bice and F. W. Whiting ton on behalf respectively of the Melan esian Missions and the Australian Board of Missions, while the enterprising visit of the clear-headed and quick-minded Bishop of Tas mania to the Melanesian Isles has not only stirred renewed interest and enabled him to accomplish important duties, but has resulted in his convincing many persons that the New Guinea and Melanesian Missions Bhould be placed under the charge of the same Bishop. The many and important changed which have taken place in this Diocese during the last year I propose to speak of in my report on the Diocese, to be made in the Synod Hall. Bub I should nob like to defer unbil then any mention of the deep thankfulness with which I regard the appointment of Arch deacon French to the position which he is to hold in the North. He carries with him, in a very marked degree, the confidence not only of his Bishop, but I believe of every Church man in the Diocese, and of many persons not members of our Church. A load of anxiety wems lifted from my mind by the residence in that part of the Diocese of one who is likely to bo well fulfil the duties of his office. Nor can I fail to mention the willingness and generosity with which Archdeacon Dove has aided me in the formation ot the new Arch deaconry. The title of Archdeacon of Flinders, which was somewhat misleading, will now cease. Archdeacon French will now be Arch deacon of 'Petersburg and the North,' and Archdeacon Dove takes the title of Arch deacon of the Broughton. It has pleased God in a very sudden manner to remove from us a young clergyman of very considerable promise during the current year. The Rev. J. C. Davits was a singularly gentle and amiable man of marked spirituality, and the work which he was doing was of a very valuable character. I am sure I express the unanimous voice of 3ynod_ in saying thab we most deeply sympathize with hjs widow in her severe bereavement, and with his parishioners in their loss of so faithful a pastor. After several years of delay the work of the Church here is at last strengthened by the arrival among us of the Sisters of the Church. They are steadily winning their way, and when re cruited, as 1 hope they shortly will be, by the arrival of more of their number, their work will, I hope, be largely developed. One parish school— St. Paul'sGirls'School— has been placed under the care of these trained and certificated sister?, and in time this phase of their work will be increased. The 3enior clergy of tho Diocese have joined with mo in giving them u hearty welcome, and. I trust they will meet with hearty sympathy from Church people .'..»ui.hhout the colony. I do. not propose to speak to-night on the question of religious edu cation, for a fitting opportunity will arise in Synod. Bub you will have noticed that our offertory to-night is on behalf cf the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, and I should like to take this opportunity of remind ing members of tho newly elected Synod how deeply indebted we ought to feel to t.hat Society, which not only helped so largely in founding St. Peter's College, bub whioh has made generous grants to many of our new Churches, and helped us greatly in our Sunday-schools and dayschools. Our offertory given ab this Synodal service ought to be some proof of our gratitude. Of St. Peter's College I may be able to 3ay more in the Synod Hall, but I should like now to say that I do not think Church people throughout the colony support it as they ought to do. The vigorous support given to a newly founded institution ought to have been an incentive to members of the Church to do more for St. Peter's. But this is far from being the case. I think this Synod should do more than previous Synods have done in recalling Church people to their duty in this respect. As regards the com pletion of the Cathedral, these are nob bhe times in which to be urging people to subscribe. But I wont to remind you well in advance of it thab 1S97 will be the fiftieth anniversary of the consecration of the first Bishop of this DioceEe, as well as of the first Bishops of the Sees of Cape Town, Melbourne, and Newcastle. It will also be the thirteen hundredth anniver sary of the arrival of Sb. Augustine in Kent— the first Archbishop of the Anglican (as dis tinct from tho British) Church. Is not that a year in which we should aim at having onr Cathedral completed? But unless some sub btnntial progress is made during the next two years we shall hardly bo able to accomplish what would be so interesting an achievement. Of course, I shall try and do what I can in the matter ; but ib should nob be lefb so much to the Bishop to do all the begging as ib has been in the past. lTen years, as I said, have elapsed since I first addressed you. God knows bow often and how deeply I realize how little I have done as your Bishop that I ought to have done, and thab I sometimes think others would have done. Bub many things have i as Bishop to be humbly and deeply thankful for, and that the Diocese musb bo glad of. The chief of these is that by the blessing of God we are so united, and so completely at peace amoneouraelvea. God grant this may ever be so. Then— in spite of an EngliphChurch papor(CA«refc Bells, I believe) — commenting so unfavourably upon tho work of the Church in this Diocese— there has been anything but a falling away — so far as statistics are worth anything .'is a guide— during the last ten years. For while the population ha3 in creased in that decade from 304,515 to 33G.702 we have been able to build forty-three Churches and miesion Churches. Our clergy have in creased from fifty-one to seventy-three. \Ve have seen our Sunday scholars increase during that period from G.220 to 12,058; our com municants from 8,13!) to 7,132, or, to put the latter in ratio to tho whole population of the colony, from 1 in every 97 persons to 1 in every 47\. I need not remind you how largely this is due to the excellent work of the clergy and lay workers throughout the Diocese, and to the very valuable assistance of the Home Mission Society. The forthcoming annual meeting of this last will prove to you how much may be done by the assistance of tho many when so energetic a Lay Secretary of the Penny AsEociation as Dr. T. K. Hamilton and our able Organizing Chaplain are working together. Most deeply grateful to them and most thankful to God am I for the earnestness and zeal of so many faithful fellow-workers. May God grant upon this Diocese His full blessing ; may He lead us so to work for Him with thoughtful minds and true hearts that we may nob be ashamed to meet our Lord ab His coming.' The offertory which was taken up will be devoted to the Society for promoting Christian knowledge. Ab 8 o'clock this morning there will be a choral celebration of the Holy Com munion in the Cathedral. In the afternoon the members of the Synod will meet for the dispatch of business at the schoolroom of Trinity Church, North-terrace. 