THE HUNTING ANTS. On the ground in tbe forest in Guiana, swarming np the tree trunks, and on every branch, these little creatures (foe hunting ants) are hunting, feeding, or catting segments of leaves. Whether they even sleep at night is doubttul ; certainly they appear to be foraging at all times, and to retire only, during heavy rains. Their tracks extend for lstnflr diaf-anac and in mariu rlirflfitinns like clean, level roads, from two to four inches wide. Along some of .these pro cessions arepaseing, each member carry- ing a green banner, part of a leaf which I the industrious insect has jost cat ont as if with a. pair of scissors. As each carries as large a piece -as he can, these are almost uniform in size and shape, and, being held upright, each ant march ing a little behind foe other, foe regularity of foe procession is. perfect. Looking carefully, yon see another line moving in:. foe opposite direction, con-' slating of those, that have joat deposited their loads and sre going back for more. If rain falls tbe leaves are dropped, foe procession scampers back to foe nest in hot. haste, while foe banners are allowed to remain, being useless af ler a wetting. -Suddenly there are signs of a great commotion among the reeping, running, J and crawling things which abound in foeforest, Cockroaches,.:larvae, crickets, : scorpions, and even snakes are scattered in every direction before a terrible army of hunting ants. Ibis horde of .invaders marches in a straight line over logs, across creeks on fallen trees, and forongh honses, makins even the Indians fly before foem. Flanked by a number of econts which sconr. tbe . neighbourhood, everything near foe path that cannot fly is killed, cat into pieces, and eaten so .very . quickly that the march is hardly interrupted., Tbsy penetrate every bole and comer,- under, fallen trees and dead leaveB, uncovering foe most -secluded bidiog-placesof fat larvae or cockroaches.'" Resistance 4s nseless ; the worm may. turn and twist as much as it likes, bnt once the ants have taken- hold .nothing can dislodge foem. The cockroach tries to ran away, but g troop is upon Him. and almost instantly all. bnt ..his: hard wings Have disappeared. Even the. Indian most give these . insects a wide berth, as their bites are very . painful, taking ont as they do a tiny piece of flesh at every nip. Two Thoughts. — -Woman (to herself)— It scares me half to death to drive this horse. I wonder what he'll do next. .Horse "(to him self— That mnst be a woman -driving or I wouldn't be jammed into everything on the road. . An old jman entered a crowded .street car and sering a hoy seated in ' a comer asked him if he wonldjve hp his seat.' ; ' Naw' said, the boy. / ' Is that' diowing proper respect to ago ? If yonr father was to come in this car now, wonldn't yjHi get up cnd gfve hima seat !' . ' BetcherL,"lifej I hin't rufinaha staeet<»rwith 'any ghost V" 