oraNOVEL. LN0V7 FIB ST PUBLISHED,] WHOM THE GODS LOVE, (Written for the Western Mail) BY S. V. PHILPOTT. \--? . 'CHAPTER XXXIV. *' Look at that corner ! Dost thoo see A wac, worn|faoe, that looks at me A haunting face with eyes that glow ?" -Anon. When Eileen's daughter was a fine robust child of sis months, Dr. Burton, j who had become the guide, philosopher! and friend of the household, insisted upon Eileen seeking a change of air and scene. " Toa are giving ¿hat young cannibal yonr heart's blood," said he, bluntly. "She thrives upon it, of course, but you are only the ghost of the woman yon were a Îèar ago! Now, he persuaded. You ave got to go!" " And where shall I find^rest for the sole of my foot, if you banish rae from my own nome P" " Go to the Blue Mountains, or Moor inba, or anywhere, so long as you pack np and leave this. I vow the same city shall, not hold ns both!" " Ton are leading me into temptation. For months I have had a craving for the . ehady foresta at Mooriuba. 1 sometimes 'wake with the jscent of stringy bark and blue gum olössom in my nostrils. Bot I am afraid togo,£ot it is so hard to leave that dear place for ¿the noise of streets 1" " Leave Miss Douglas here <aa a hdst age," suggested Dr. Barten. " That would bring yon back." Mrs. Douglas laughed incredulously. " Oh, yes, of course yon think you know best ! Bat I tell yen it is the very best thing yoa coald do. If Elsie nursed you when you were a baby, ehe surely rbu¿ht .? to bo able to mind your child. ' Ta^epy word for it she knows more about1 them than a young thing like yon." i "Elsie is very clever, I know,".skid Eileen, gravely; "hut ehe .has not lad, mach experience since I was a trot, anji I could not dream of leaving Nore ia her charge." " Douglas will be here, he says." "Say no more," smiled Eileen. "I will go to Mbörieba, to please yen, and myself ! But I thean to take my darling with me. Toa surely don't think I eonld be each a monster as to leave her behind P" " Well, I didn't expect you to consent," said Dr. Burton, with twinkling eyes, ..hut when 1 know my patients don't like tating advice neat--when they mast dilate it with suggestions of changes and stipulations-then I ask for more than I mean them-to agree to." " Oh, you guileful old - diplomatist ! Bat don't you think it is a mistake to let me know your system P I shall always have to sift your wisdom now."."' "No; on the whole I think I have dono a good stroke-of business in letting you know jost how much I want. Toar trust in me was shaken when you thought I took you for a monster. I could see you would never again have faith in me if yon thought me capable of separating yoa. from your child." " I am very glad indeed you are not so hard hearted as yoa led rae to believe. I was so cross when you spoke of my going ! without Nore!" "'I never meant it," hs laughed. "I know you wouldn't have a moment's peace away from her, and recovery would be out j of the question. I don't wonder that yon j are so bound np in her. When I géjbîj romping with her myself I can hardly í tear myself away, ¿he's a wonderful little woman-the cutest, knowingest of her age I ever saw." Dr. Burton knew he was pursuing the surest way to ingratiate himself more' deeply into Eileen's favour, but for all i that his fondness for the child was very ! genuine. She was a rosebud that any mother might he proud of, and Eileen was not far wrong if she thonght her daughter beyond comparison. Norman was very glad to know Eileen would leave Brisbane for a month. It1 irritated him and caused some ^qualms of conscience to note how different was his quiet, pale faced wife to the girl he had married not two years before. He knew that he was answerable for the change/md the knowledge was dbtmctly disagreeable. ."It is a great pity yon can't «jo with them," Dr. Barton enid, cine day when he found him alone. " If the little one were to take sick,-your wife would be at her wffe end." "There is no nothing io fear for that little kiddy," the father asserted, confid- ently. "She has never given tts a mo . mont's disquiet. If all children were as healthy as she is, no one would ever die yoong." [The sole right of publication in Western Australia baa been pnrobased by Ute pro- prietors of the WBBTEBN Mau..] " You know you are talking nonsense. Donglas. Those fine chUdred nearly always have more bother with their teeth than theipnny ones. I think you ought to make fc push ito accompany your wire." Norman wished the kind old man wonld mind his own business, but he could not tell him so. "Ishould like to, awfully," said he,, slowly, " but you know how busy I am. It's ont of the question." " I'll take your patients," said Dr. Bur- ton, eagerly. " It won't be mncK out. pr my way, and you know I don t minoV when I stop once I begin my morning rounds." "f. ........ r .. Worman laughed. ' "My desi'. feUow, yonr are too good, but I mustn't think of it. You would kill yourself' with wbrki and Eileen would never forgive me." Then Dr. Burton wentf. off filled with indignation against Norman, tb. give in- structions and advice to Elsie; \ v ' \ tsJ^f^itntacmothef clssp^Sh^these' arms. Nothing wonhiaffar^^er but to look at ta moonyc^KyeTana one crV&rTt5r;= it many a time ! -aBut I reared ^ta snow- flake, with ts Lori's help, and I pelieve it will pe easier to rear ts paira.'' ana it was nothing ont the up waving -M snowflake," as she" Was wout to call tW delicste child. r ; '.- " . The-first-letter Jftrs. Douglas wrote of ter uer Tâbyns Tnrth was lo Elsie, begging her to Htome, if possible, and undertake the care of the child. She had a warm affection for the faithful old Highland woman, to whose teaching was! dne, more than anything aloe, the baneful glamonr through which Eileen's pre ju-' diced eyes saw. eyerythug-pertsimqg to, the Highlands. Then," when she met hör handsome lover ho seemed the embodi- ment of a hundred girlish dreams. Had Elsie known into what misery her tales of. Bob Boy and Black Donglas wonld lead her "snowflake," she would have bitten ont her tongue, sooner than that it shonld have helped to bring about that rash marriage. In total'igkOrance of the mischief she had caused, Elsie eagerly obeyed the s am- nions pf ber' nureliug, and hastened to Brubáné, to fold to her faithful boBom tte èhUd of her best beloved. Dr. Burton need not have been uneasy. Mother and child returned from Moor- inga looking blooming: the pictnre of glowing health, lt was difficult to realise that this laughing bright-faced, woman was the wan Eileen of two months ago. Norman gave up spending his evenings away from home, and became once more the devoted lover-ever ready to antici- pate his wife's wishes. He would come in at odd times of the day and loiter in the house-toying with the feather weight rings of bright hair, or tracing with one finger the delicate arch of her eyebrows. All these little caresses had once been so dear to Eileen that at times she almost persuaded herself that happiness was not quite impossible-life might still become the life she had fondly beUeved it, years age. But when the mirror reflected back the marvellous beauty of her face, her hope vanished. The heart no longer rejoiced' to know that she was fair. "Tb^iûifflhat chains him to my side," she would; tluuk, bitterly. "Only that! When I was worn looking and lonely and sick of the world, he neglected me before 1 When wrinkles appear what wiU become of all this devotion P The beauty I used to be so glad of has been the curse of my life I" Did she ever remember the man who. would have loved her for herself, all the days of her life, and through, all the vast eternity that lies beyond the grave P God knows. For myself, I do not think even a happy woman could -easily forget such love as that. Try how she maj to stifle tho memory, it wUl come back to bannt her sometimes :\ " In the dead, unhappy night, and when the \- -rain is on the roof." a » « a a ^ « . l' And an eye shall vex theo looking ancient kindness on thy pain, ' Turn thee, turn thoo on thy pillow, get thee to thy rest again. 