Lower George-st Tragedy, ACCUSED EEFOEE THE COURT. In the Coroner's Court, Chancery Square, this morning, the inquest regarding the death of the German seaman, Carl Beimann, which, took place on Tuesday night in ? the Sydney Hospital from the effects of a stab in the groin, was commenced before the city coroner and a jury or la. The accused man Paul Stenzel was before the court in custody charged with causing the death of Beimann by stabbing him with a knife. Stenzel was attired in the man-o'-war costume, and was one of the relieved members of the crew of the German warship Sperber. In consequence of the absence of some of the witnesses from the Karlsrhue, a delay of an hour was occasioned. Inspector Atwill, officer in charge of the No. 4 police* division, and Senior- Sergeant Higgins, con ducted the case for the police; and Mr. Michel was the German interpreter. Henry Petera, chief engineer of the Karlarhue, now lying at Circular Quay, identified the body. He was a coaltrinuner on the same vessel, and was 24 years of age. .wwri-., (Proceeding.) Lady Wilde, Oscar Wilde's mother, has written a book, in which she gives utterance to what an English critic describes as 'the plaint of woman.' That plaint, according 'to her ladyship, has re sounded through the ages from the victims to the tyrant man. Lady Wilde's once famous country woman, Lady Morgan, wrote a work entitled ' Woman and Her Master,' in which woman was recognised as singing the same sad song of which Lady Wilde is the latest interpreter. Still true to the ideas which may be presumed to have suggested that name of ' Speranza ' under which she nBed)to write such starring and patriotic verse In the Dublin Nation in its brilliant days, Lady Wilde manages, meanwhile, to indicate not a little of a silver lining to that cloud which she repre sents as so persistently hanging over her sex through all recorded' time. ' The Celtic Twilight, Men, Women, Devils, and Fairies,' is the somewhat remarkable title of a forthcoming book. It consists of a series of essays and sketches of peasant characters whom the writer (Mr. W. B. Teates) has met in Ireland, and. stories of fairies and ghosts which he has heard in Irish villages. Mr. Teateb gives a curious account of a little group of 'black sorcerers,' whom he saw invoking spirits and demons. It is to be hoped that the scene was not got up by the obliging- natives for the Bpecial delectation of Mr. Yeates, even &b; those inude&ta; which are described in eome of Lover's novels, and of which a mystified Cockney tourist is osnaUy the spectator. « 