ONLY TRUST HIM! ONLY ; -TRUST HIM I f. By C. H. 8PURGE0N. 'And as Ho entered into a certain village, there met him ten men that were lepers, which stood afar off ; and tboy lifted up their voices, and said, Jesus. Masto'r, have mercy on us. And whon Ho saw tbora, He said unto them, Go show yourselves unto tho priuBt. And it came to pass, that, as tbejr went, thoy wero cleausod."— Luke xvii. 12 Several interesting topics might fairly be found in those verses. Wo seo bore tho abounding fruit of sin, for here -wore ton lepers in a group, and the abundance of divine power to moeb it, for thoy were all cleansed. So Also wo see how Christ must come first, and ceremonies second ; first tho work of graco and then the outward showing of it. Tho Lord's teuderaess towards outcasts, His attention to prayer from a distanco.and His regard for tho cere monial law so lOng as it was in forco, might each one yield an instructive meditation. I have, how ever, only one thought which I wish to bring under your notlco, and to press upon you, perhaps almost to repetition and monotony. That thought I would engrave as with an iron pen upon the hearts and minds of all here present who desire to find eternal salvation. May tho Holy Ghost Imprint it upon These ton lopors wero required by tho Saviour to perform an act of faith iu Him before, thoy had tho . slightest evidonco in themselves that He had wrought a good work upon them. Boforo they began to foci their full blood cleansed, bofore the horrible dryness of leprosy had yioldeu to healthy perspiration, they were to go towards tho houso in which the priest lived, to bo oxamined by him and to bo pronounced clean. Thoy were to exhibit faith in Christ Josus'b power to heal them by going to exhibit themselves as healed, though as yet they were in tho same condition as before. They were to start to tho placo whore they should be oxamiued by the priest, believing that Jesus had healed them, or would heal them, though, as yet. thoy had uo internal eviduueo what ever that their flesh should become as that of a little child. ThislsthopolntI wish to dwell upon —that tho Lord Jesus Christ bids shinors bollevo in Him, and trust thoir souls to Ilim, though they may not yet discern in themsoivos&ny; work or His grace. Just as thoso men wore lepers, and nothing hut lopers, so you may bo sinners, and nothing but sin ners, and yot you are bidden to oxliiblt faith in Jesus Christ while you are just what you aro. As these men were to start straight away to tho priest with all their leprosy white upon them, and to go there as if they folk they wore alroady healod, so aro you with all your sinnorship upon you, and your sense of condemnation heavy on your soul, to believe in Jesus Christ just as you are, and you shall find overlasting life upon tho spot. This is my point, and it is of tho first importance. Sinners, as sinners, are to believe iu Jesus for ovorlastlng life. Tho voice to each one of them is, " Awake, tliou that sloepest, and arise from tho dead, and Christ shall give thee life." Now, first, I shall notice what signs aro commonly looked for by unconverted men as roasous for be lieving in Christ ; which, indeed, aro no reasons at all ; then, secondly, I shall try to show what is the real ground and reason for faith in Christ; and, thirdly, what will be the issuo of faith in Christ similar to that of tho lopors. I. First, then, I say that we are to beliove in Jesus Christ— to trust Him to heal us of the great disease of sin— though as yet wo may havo about us no sign or token that Ho has wrought any good work upon us. We are not to look for signs and evidences within ourselves before wo venture our souls upon Jesus. Tho contrary supposition la a soul destroying error, and I will try to expose it by showing what are the signs that are commonly One of tho most frequent is a consciousness of rrreat sin. and a horrible dread of divine wrath. leading to despair. Strange to say. we constantly \- meet with persons who say,," I couldbelieve in Jesus Christ if I felt more burdened by a sonse of sin. I could trust'HJm if I were drivon more entirely to despondency and to despair ; but I am not depressed enough; lam not broken hearted enough ;.I am sure I am not brought low enough, ami therefore I cannot trust Christ." Strange 'notion, that if the niglit wore darker we should see the better 1 Strange idea, that if we were nearer death we should havo better nope of life! Now, my friend, you aro speaking and acting in distinct disobedience to Christ ; for Ho would have you trust Himself, nob on tho ground of your feeling anything at all, but sluiply becauso you are sick and llo hascomo to heal you, and is abundantly ablo to work your cure. If you say, "Lord, I cannot trusb Theo unless I feel this or that," then you, iu effect, say, " I can trust my owu feelings, but I cannot trust God's appointed Saviour." What is this but to mako a god out of your feelings, and a saviour out of your inward griefs? Is your own heart to save you by its dark Insinuations- against divine lovo? Is unbelief, aftor all, to bring you salvation becauso you vefuso to be lieve your God? And despair— wickod despair, which gives tho life to God— is that to be trusted in andnot the Saviour whom God had sent into the world to save sinners? Is there, then, a now gospel, and does it run, " He that denies the power ot Jesus and despairs of His lovo shall be savod V Many other < persons think that thoy must, before they can trust Christ, experience quite a blaze of joy. "Oh," says one, "I heard a Christian say that when ho found the Savlonr ho was so huppy that he did not know how to contain himself, and he sang like a wholo band of music in one— " 4 Happy day, happy day, When Jesus woshod my sins away.' Oh that I could be as full of joy &b; these 'happy day ' peoplor' Just bo. But what mischief will you make out of that ? Are you going to find ovil even in our delights? Will you feed your unbelief on the joy of the Lord ? What strango perversity ? Why, you say. "must I not he happy before I can believe in Christ?" What? What? Must you needs have the joy before you oxerciso tho faith i Mow unreasonable i Because we tell you that such and such a root produces a swoot fruit, will you say that you must have the fruit before you will accopt the root? Surely that is bad reasoning. Wo who have oxporionceu this joy came to Christ in order to obtain it. and did nob wait until wo found it, or else we should have waited until now. We came to Jesus just as wo were: sonio of us wero vory wretched, but we camo just as wo then were, and we trusted Christ, and wo wore mado whole. Then followed joy nnd peace; but if we had waited till wo felt joy and peace before wo camo wo should tew w00" standing out against tho gospol plan, which is that men are to trust tho Saviour bofore tbey feel the slightost benefit from Him. O sinner, is not this common senso? Must we not tako medi cine before we are cured by it? Must wo not oat bread before it removes our hunger? Must wo not « open our eyes buforo we seo? Boforo the Lord r Jesus has oithor comforted or healod you con- . flclously, you aro to como and just do what ho tells you, and trust in Him to savo you. NoitUcr tho gloom of horror nor tho blaze of delight is to bo A0r l)e'oro faitli. but faith is to precede all, 2« . lla altb Is a simple, humble reliance upon Christ There is another way in which aomo men try to get off believing in Christ, and that is, they expect \- an actual conversion to bo mauifest in them before 7 will trust the Saviour. Now, understand that « Christ has wrought salvation in no man who is un converted. There must be a porfect turning rouud of us— & complete conversion from sin to holinoss. Rut that is salvation, and not a preparation for I ®alvatlon. Conversion is tho manifestation of Christ's healing power. But you are not to have this before you trust Him ; you aro to trust niin for this vory thing, whon a Juan with a diocaso goos to an eminent physician, doos ho say, " Doctor, I will trust you witli xny case when I havo reached a certain stago?" " Nay.' says 5® | physician, "if you have reached that state you will be in a fair way of healing, and you won't want toe. Your wisest plan is to go to your physician as you are; auu if you can bo sure that ho is an infallible healer, jusu put yourself into his hands as >f you knew nothing and ho know everything, and as if you would not liava a will or way iu it, but would loavo yourself ontirely with him. That is the thing to do with the Lord Josus, tho infallible Physician of tho: souls of mon. why, you poor wretohed sinner, you say, " I am not a oalnt. Z can- not be saved. ' Who said you wero a saint ? It is .Christ a work to mnko you into a saint. " Oil. but I do not repent as I should." It is Christ's work to make you repent as you should, and to Him vou must como for repentance. "Oh, but ray heart won t break." It is Christ who Is to liroak your heart wS2fc yi?E iYho wo fco break it, and thon como to Him with it ready broken . Como to Jesus just as you are, with your hard, atony, sonsoloss heart, and trust that and evorything olso to His saving power. The good Samaritan when ho found tho man beaten by tho thieves camo where ho was. That is what Jesus does, lie doos not say, "Now, then, you wounded man, got up, and come to me, and I will pour the oil and wine into you." No ; but He goes wbevo the wounded one lies in utter helplessness, stoops over him, removes his rags, cleanses his wounds, pours in tho oil and wino, and lifts him up, and bears iiim to the houso of mercy. Poor soul 1 My master is not a half Saviour, but a whole one: and If you are lying at the gates of doath, hard by the uoora of hell, Ho is as nblo to save you as if you woro sitting on tho doorstop of hoaven. Just where you are, and as you aro, trust Christ to savo you, and you shall be saved. Do not look for conversion first, but expect it as the result of faith. We have known some who have had a very curious iWfl cau hardly put Into words, liAinely, that If they wero to be saved they would exporiotico some very singularsensation. They could believe in 7i« i / t"uy fulfcln a mysterious fashion. It is rather difficult to understand peoplo,but whon I have been talking to somo inquirers Ihavo thought that thoy ox pectcd even a physical sonaatlon— a sonsation within their bodies. I romcinbcr one saying to mo. " Sir, I was quite suro I was saved, for I felt so light." F ??rn9 , what doos it matter whothor you felt light or heavy? What has that to do with it? What docs it matter what youfolt? It Is nob feel ing that will save you. Believing in Jesus will bring you tho blessings of graco ; but strange feel ings may be produced by what you havo eaten, or bytho weather, or by hysteria, or a hundred other things. Do you notknowthat when pohticsavo being discussed, or when somo other subject is under dis pute, an' earnest orator'/Wiil ofton stir men with excitomeht till tli6ir floih creeps? But what of that ? Excitcraont doos liot save anybody. Many aro molted to tears by a novo! or a play ; but what is the bonoflt? You may bo moved with religious excitement, and half tho emotion may bo purely physical, and there may bo nothing of tho graco of uod in it. Tho wisor way is to calmly sit down and say, "Horo is God's way of salvation— salvation through His crucified Son, Jesus Christ ; and Ho has promised that if I trust His Son He will savo me from sinning, and mako a now man of mo, and lioal mo of my spiritual diseases. I will trust Him, for I am sure that the witness of Uod is tiuc." By that simplo and deliberate act of faith vou are saved ; the power to believe your God is tho evi donco that tho cure has begun, and bogun well. If you havo, indeed, trusted Ilim, Josus has under taken your caao, and Ho will save you. II. And now, secondly, and as briefly as I can, I want to bring forward what the reason la for our believing in Jesus Christ. What warrant havo I, as a sinner, for trusting mysolf with Jesus Christ ? No warrant wbhtovr within ourself need he looked for. The warrant iw 0„r baliovlng Christ lies in this— first, there is Gods witue onm- urning His Son Jesus Christ. God. tho Everlasting Father, has set forth Christ "to be a propitiation for our eins, and not for ours only, but also for tho sin of the whole world." God tho Father says to men— "I am able to forgive you justly through tho death and righteousness of My Sou. Trust Me, and I will savo you." What do you want more than that? He that belioveth nob hath made God a liar, be cause ho hatli not believed His witness concerning His Son. Why, surely, If God declares a thing, you do not need further evidence. . " Iefc God be true and every man a liar." What can bo firmer than the voice of God, who cannot lie. .Beloved hearers. I feel as if I really ought .nob to bring anyotbor evidence bofore you. It looks so like insulting tho Lord by trying to defend Him, as if His perfect truth needed my testimony to support it. Angels never doubt God. Those bright and gluriuus beings never sus pect their Maker. Worms of the dust I Worms of tho dust, how can you doubt the God that mado you? On, let it not bo so. And when 'His testi mony is that He Is a God ready to pardon the guilty, waiting to forgive all those that trust His Eoii, why should we doubt such a gracious declara tion? ..My soul, I cbargo thee trust thy Saviour, and raise no further question, but lot the matter bo assured and established within thee. The next warrant for our believing is Jesus Christ Himself.- He boars witness on earth as well as tho Father, and His witness is true. Consider who this Christ is whom we are bidden to trust. Look at HIs:person. Ho is God, "very God of very God." Can we doubt Him? He is perfect man, and He has taken perfect manhood upon Himself for our sakes. Can wo doubt Him ? llo has lived a perfect life. When did He ever lie ? Who can charge Him with falsehood? He has died " tho-just for tho un just, to bring us to God;" and God. has accopted the sacrifice of his doar Son. What surer proof of His truthfulness can He give us than His death for us? O trembler, why wilt thou refuse thy confi dence to One so worthy of it? Canst thou doubt Calvary? Wilt thou despise the cross? Wilt thou say. "I want somo othor warrant for trusting Chist bosldos His own person and His finished work?" I feel ashamed almost to be pleading here for such a thing as this. Tell me wherein my Lord was ever false. o sons of men. tell iuo when once Ho refused to receive a sinner tnatcame to Him? You know that Hois risen from tho dead, and that He has gone into heavon, and sittetli now at tho right hand of God, and will shortly come, and dare you treat Him as n mere pretender? Can you not trust in Him? Do you want signs nnd wonders over and above those which are in Himself? If one should rise from the dead you would not believe, if you do not believe JesitB, for you have more than Moses and tho prophets when you have Christ Himself risen from tho dead. Will you not trust Him? I would like to get you by the band, my brother, and put it personally to you— Do you mean it, that you suspocb my Saviour and cannot trust your soul with Him? Do you uieanit? Nay, with tears I do entreat you, do not treat Uim so badly, but cast your soul on Him at this instant, and believe Him jnst as vou are, and' He will save you. ; lie will hot run back from His word, but He will wash dub your guilt in His owu blopdjf you will consent to be cleansed. Still, to put this in another shape, you want to know why you aro to believe ; your warrant for believing lies in the fact that God commands you to believe. " Ho that beliovoth and is baptised shall.be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be damned." "Beliove in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thouBhalt be saved." And this commandmont wo have received from our Master— that we preach this gospel unto every creature underhoaven j and we do preach it in His name, commanding you in the name of Jesus Christ the Son of God that ye bcllovo in Him. This divine command Is warrant enough for you. If God commands you to do it, you need not say, "May I do It V Nobody can want any per mission to koop tho law. Tho command ineludos.a permit. When tho law of tho gospel comes from God Himself, dear lioaror, what is there to do but obey it and believe at onco ? The door is open; enter. The feast is spread ; eat. The fountain is filled ; Moreovor, there Is tho promlso mado to you and to every creature, " Bollovo in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt bo Hated." "Ho that believeth in Him is not condemned." Do you hear that ? " llo that beliovoth in Him hath everlasting life." He has eternal lifo, ho has it now. These are promises rich and free foryou. What more do you want? Oh, I know not what more I can say— whon Josus com mands you, and Josua invites you, how can yon stand back ? O blessed Spirit, mako tbla plain to mon, and lead thorn to beliovo. I will odd only this ono more thing ; I dare say thoso poor lepora boliovod in Jesus bocause they had hoard of other lopers whom Ho had cleansed. Now, hero stands ono before you, a representative of many more iu this placo, who, if this were a fit time, would stand up and say tho same. I camo to Jesus full of sin, guilty and lost, with a bard heart and a heavy Bplrlt ; and I looked to Him, trusting Him alone to save sue, and Ho bos savod mo. Ho has changed my nature, Ho has blotted out my sin, and Ho lias made mo love Him, and lovo all that is good, and iruo, and generous, for His sake. It Is not I, oven I, that am loft aiono to toll you ; but thoro aro thou sands, at this vory hour, upon whom tho samo miraelo of divino mercy has beon wrought. There fore, trust my Lord Jesus, and you shall feel tho samo miracle wrought upon you. Wboro aro you, friend —you who want so much persuading for your own good ? If I havo money to give away I do nob find that I havo to porsuado anybody to nave it. How soon thoy will rush when the coin gives forth its golden notes. But when it is, " Trust Jesus, and your sin shall bo f org! von you, and your nature shall bo changed, and you shall bo saved from oluningi and you shall bo mado pure and holy," oh, my Master, what aro they at taat they vr$nt calling so often? Men not only require calling, they need compelling to como in. lit I must now closo with tho third point, which shall not occupy you many minutes ; it Is this— What Is tho issuo of this kind of faith .that I havo been preaching? This doctrine of "only trust Josus" what docs it lead to? This trusting in Jesus with- out, marks, signs, evidences, tokens, what is tho result and outcome of it? Tho first thing that I liavo to say about It Is this— the vory oxistonco of such a faith us that in tho soul is evidence that there is already a saving change, 'Oh," say you, " I do not seo that. How can it prove that I am a now man because I trust myself with Christ?" Consider a little ; it will bean ovidonce of a saving change already wrought, for it will show that you liavo como to bo obedient to Jesus, and obedient upon a mattor which your proud will has long struggled against. Every man by natnro kicks against simply trusting in Christ ; and when at last ho yields to the divino rnothod of mercy, it is a virtual surrender of hiB own will, tho ending of rebellion, the establisment of peace. Faith is obe dience. Faith is tho evidence that tho wholo warfare has boen ended by unconditional surrender. They said to Jesus iu oldou times, "What shall we do that wo may work tho works of God T and He answered, " This is tho work of God— the most God like work that |ye can do— that ye beliove on Josus Christ whom Ho hath sent." It Is even so; in one sense faith Is not a work at all, and In another sonso it is the grandestof all works. Hero is where God and you nro at issuo, tills Is the central point of tho quarrel ; you want to bo savod by something in yourself, but uod says He will save you if you trust in Christ. Now, if you do trust Christ juntas you are. it will bo an ovidonce that you have been made obedient to God, and so obedient that a com plete, deep seated, radical renewal of your nature has evidently taken place. Again, faith in Jesus will he the best evidence that you aro reconciled to God, for the worst evi dence of your enmity to God is that you do nob like God's way of Balvation. You so much dislike God that you will nut have heaven on God's teius. You, the sinner, are so much at war with God Urnt you will go to hell rather than be saved in God's way. That is what it comoi to. And whon yon give that up and say, " Lord, so long no I can be mado whole —so long as I can bo made to lovo Theo— I am willing to be saved anyhow," there will be evidence of a great chango in you. When you cry, " Lord, I will bo saved in Thino own way, and I will there fore treat Christ as Thou hast bidden me," thon God and you aro reconciled upon a point of the chief importance. There is no battlo between you now, for you are of ono mind about trusting Christ. Goa has trusted His houdr in Christ's hands, and you aro trusting your soul in His hands, so that God and you are now agreed to honor Jesus. Tho moment you liavo trusted Christ, that simple thing becomes in itself a distinct Admission and luulsputabie proof that a great change has boen wrought in your relation to God, and i» your feelings iu refer ence tu Him. Now, mark you, boforo long, sooner or later, you will become delightfully conscious of tho fact that you are saved. Many a man is saved, and for a time he question tho truth of the gracious work, but in due tirao (be blessing is made clear to hiin. When a mau trusts Jesus as theso ten lepers did, and acts upon his trust, good always comes of it. Seo the ten mon ) They are going towards the priest, though they have not yet felt that they are healod. They are acting upon Christ's authority, and Uo will not make fools of them, for they that trust in Him shall not bo ashamed nor confounded. Thoy wu««oart on their walk boforo thoy a»o healing ; but as they are going thoy snail feel it. And you, too, trusting Chi ist without any sense of any good thing, shall not be long before you shall feel His blcssod power upon your heart. I wish to speak my own oxporionce simply to help, those who are coming to Josus. Whilo I was coming to Christ I did not know that I was coming ; and when I looked to Christ, I scarcely knew whothor it was tho right sort of look or no ; but-wbeu I felt at last that Jesus had healod mo, then I knew what ! had done. Many a blessing God has given-mo os to which I have not found out that I. had it rill somo tirao after my reception of It. I havo read the feelings of cer tain good men, and I have sold, " I wish l fult like thorn and some timo after, when 1 looked back, I porceivcd that I was actually moving in thoir orbit, and passing through the self same experience. Many a man wishes ho. was humble, and lie is liumulo because7 lie does not think he Is humble. Many, a person sighs, "1 wish I had a tonuer heart,'! .but I am sure that his heart is tender because ho mourns its hardness. He longs to be deoply sensitive before the Lord, but it is clear that he- lias a tenderness which ho does not himself recognise. His ideal of tenderness is veiy high, and properly so, and therefore ho dreads falling short of it. O, ray.dear friend, if you trust in Josus in the dark you shall one day enter into the light ; and if you nover should enjoy comfort you would still be safe— if oil the way between this place ami heaven you should never have a consciousness of being Raved, yet if you have trusted Christ you must and shnli be saved, for He cannot possibly allow faith in Him to be exercised in vain. Ere long, if you tiust Josus, you shall know His lovo. Trust Him as you sink, and you shall swim. Trust Uira as you feel yourself dying, and you shall live. If you trust Him bofore you fool any work of graco upon you, you shall soon discover that there was a work upon you, though you discerned it not. If you trust tho Lord you are already the subject of a divine power, for nothing short of omnipotent grace coulu havo led you to beliovo aud live. The state and act of faith are simplicity itself ; but to bring us into that simplicity God himself must now create us. To put all in one, if you are ready to come to Christ, and trust Him without any miracles, signs or ovidences, but will simply trust Hira alone, you have within you a power which will carry you through life, and preserve you in holiness even to tlio ond. This morning I spoke about David's en couraging himself in God. Whon Ziklng was burnt and his wives were gone, and his men tAlked of stoning Uira, he fell back ou God alone. This is a high attainment, and yot it is one which has its farallel in the very dawn of faith in the sinner, t Is a grand start in life for you, a poor sinner, to bogln by trusting Christ alono, saying, "I, without any good in mo whatever, without anything that I can lay hold of as & hope for me, do cast myself, whether I sink or swim, upon Christ Jesus the Saviour o! sinners, and ' If I perish, I perish.'" This is a glorious beginning. To many a saintly life such a faith in the Lord alone has been a crowning act, and yot you, poor sinner, may exercise this same faith whilo yot you are a babo in Christ. You will often have to trust in this fashion in future life, and therefore it is well to begiu as you will have to keep on. You will be brought in business, in the family and in the various trials of life into such a condition that you will havo to oxerciso a faith just of tho same sort as that which you bogiu with ; I would, therefore, have you learn tho lesson while you are young. You will bavo to say, " Though I am .weakness itself, and poverty itself, ami do not see how I may be provided for, yet as tho ravons and sparrows are fed, so shall I be ; and therefore Icastmy nakoilnoss upon Ood for cloth ing, and my hunger upon God for food, and my vory life I east upon Him that llo may preserve it to ino between the jaws of death." This is grand faith, and you must begin thoro, for if you do not you liavo not begun to build on tho rock. Your first courso must lie the live rock, or else aU will bo insecure. To begin well is half the battle; mind that you get a foundation which can never bo moved ; for life has many trials, and woo to the man whosb foundation falls him. This is grand faith to die with as well as to live with. Now tho curtains are drawn and the light ox tho sun is shut out, and the voices of friends begin to fail, and the ear is dull, and tho eyo strings break. My soul, thou aTt now about to launch into the un seen world. What wilt thou do now? What, in- deed, but faint into the arms of thy Father and thy God I Ob, my dear hoarer, If yon have learned to trust at tho very first becauso of what Jesus is, anu not becauso of what you are. then you will know how to die ; for standing there, in the prospect of tho great account, or rather lying there upon the bed in prospect of tho Lord's coining, foars will come, and doubts will come, and terrors will come, if you are looking within, or looking back upon your past ilfo and trying to find a reliance there. But if you can say, "My Saviour, Into 1 by hands-I commit my spirit ; my nakod soul I put into Thy plorcod hands again," then may you breathe your last in peace, knowing whom you nave fielioved, and being porsuaded that He Is able to koep that which you nave committed to Him until that day. I want you to begin, then, as thoso poor Iepors did, by just taking Christ at His word, and going your way in the strength of that word uoiore you fool any hopeful change within. In this fashion whon you como to die you may look out for glory and expect It, though the brilliance has not yet transfigured you ; you may look out for the oternai crown, look out for tho harp, look out for tho face of tho Well Beloved, and tho bliss unspeakable, and S tJ /h1 ovon 'bough tho clouds gather around t im y Pa8s tb0 gates of poarl, or cross I1Iy.90a,« yu may onjoy the sight of tho beatific vision by an unstacgerlng faith. Hope that is seen is not hopo ; bnt glorious is the faith which seoth Him who is invisible, and grasps the sub stance of tho things not seen as yet. By this power I oven now anticipate tho joys of the upper skies. Try, beloved, to do the same. O, for more faith I it will be grand to know all heaven, though you havo not seen it and felt it, bocause you know and trusted tho Lord of heaven. Hitherto you have found the promise true ; now trust the Lord for Blry as once you trusted Him for grace, and you shall find ere long that His richest promises are sure. Publications. Publications. "Publications.' 