Chapter XXIX.—"Lady Wavep.tng's Diamonds." It was too true. The celebrated Waveryng diamonds were now in the possession of a gang of masked bandits, presumably Moonlight and his followers. The troopers and Benbolt, the blaok boy, had come back to tell the tale. Never was man of mettle and responsibility more crestfallen than the sergeant. -jHe handed Lord Waveryng his banknote back again. "I don't deserve it, my lord, and you'll believe me when I say that I'd rather have had my leg cut off—jl'd rather have lost my life than that this should have happened. But I'll get them —■ we'll have them back, my lady. Two of us went on to Goondi. The Government know of it by this time.. All the telegraph wires in the colony are working —he can't esoape. I'm off to the Gorge as soon as Lord Horace will put me on a fresh horse to tell Captain Macpherson and the Colonial Secretary. The country shall be raised—the Luya shall be scoured. No, they shan't escape us. this time unless Moonlight is. the. devil in carnate and that he must be to have known what we were carrying last night and to have taken us the way he did." The sergeant's story was after all a simple one though he was incoherent in its telling. He took some pride in recounting the diabolic ingenuity of the trap that had made it impos sible for him to offer any resistance. Moon light had surely known that not even the muzzle of a revolver would' have intimidated him. The bushrangers had chosen their spot; it wa3 in Monie's Gorge, half- way- to the Bean-tree—a mountain with a slice out of it—boulders of rook lining the track and only room on the track for horsemen in siDgle file; and who would think of going round the rocks, which looked as if they were part of the preci pice behind, and who could have suspected a scooped out hiding-place, as if it had been made on- purpose for midnight robbers and black horses chat had the devil in them as much as their ma3ter3 ? He was jogging along —his hand on his revolver—every sense alert, from description, when, lo 1 a lasso had been thrown—it might have been a looped stock whip that had jerked him from his saddle, causing him to Bcrape the rock—the sergeant showed the traces of the abrasion, but ap parently no other hurt. Simultaneously it ap peared other lassoes had been thrown and wich unerring aim over two of his mates. The black boy's head was covered later._ For himself, he remembered only the darting onward of his horse, leaving himself grouuded, the appa rition of a masked man on a coal black steed— Abatos of courBe—a pair of gleaming eyes upon him, a revolver at his forehead, and a sudden swift throwing over his face of a thick cloth saturated with chloroform. He had felt his hands being pinioned and then he remembered no more. When he had come to his senses he had found himself in the hollow of a boulder, with a narrow belt of young white gum3 between him and the precipice, the diamonds gone, the horses gone, and his companions, including the black boy Benbolt, like himself, securely tied, each to a gum tree. The robbery had happened not ten miles from Luya Dell. Every man of them had been chloroformed. The whole thing had been done almost without a word. Four assailants were declared to; there might have been more; one of [ the troopers was certain there were five. What had become of the horses no one knew. The men had lain gagged and hound for hours. It was a lonely road and they might have been there now had not Benbolt managed, with the aid of his toes, to get himself free. He had untied the others and they had walked to. the Bean-tree, as being the nearest point of humanity. Th3y had.divided, as the sergeant had related—two going to Goondi to> report, the rest, having got the Bean-tree settlers to provide them with horses, coming baok to the Dell. ~ The matter was comical enough for laughter. Elsie did laugh hysterically and was led away by Frank. Lord and. Lady Waveryng were far too upset and indignant to see the ludi crous aspect of the affair. Lord Horace was wildly excited and all for raising the district on the instant and chasing Moonlight to his lair. There seemed nothing- for him to do, how ever, at present but to horse the troopers as I speedily as possible and go with them to Barblin Gorge to consult with Blake and Captain Macpherson. He came home late in the evening. It was Elsie who met him, She had wandered down to the Crossing in the moonlight, unable to control her impatience and anxiety. She and Ina were alone with the Waveryngs, for Erank, escorting Mrs. Allanby, had gone baok to Tunimba. All day Elsie had gone about a pale ghost with -frightend eyes, saying • little, but starting at every sound and every footstep. She could not have defined in set form the fear that held. her. All day the words she had heard at the corroboree the night before kept repeating themselves in her dazed brain. Had it been Sam Shehan who spoke? Was it Tranb who had used the phrase " damned sentimentality?" And if it had not been Trant, what extraordinary coincidence that another should have employed it. And in any case, why should Trant- have in- the- first instance said the words in relation to Blake, for that of course had been self-evident. Like | balm came the thought of Trant's- curious ad miration for herself and rivalry with Blake, and she remembered what- Blake had said | about leaving Australia and selling the Gorge. Was it nob possible that he and Tranb-had-had a difference on this point, that -jealousy had | inflamed Trant and prompted the aeousation of weak sentiment ? It was a relief to her to dwell on this idea. She persuaded herself that | it was faot. She watched for Lord Horace from the cairn on which she had stood watching for Frank Halletb. Oh, what an immeasurable distance she seemed from that careless girlhood. All along the creek towards Barblin there was a level tracb with the mountains rising on either side and closing in beyond, and she could see a long way off. She could see that there were two horsemen coming. One was Lord Horace. The other- she know was Blake. The girl's heart bounded with delight and dread. She should see him; she should speak to him; he had come on purpose; he had euessed of what she might be thinking. Oh! how could she ever dare to confess it—that ho—her hero could even by the remote- association of partnership with Trant be implicated in eo sordid and mean a thing, as a diamond robbery. But no. At the bend of the creek the-two men pulled up. They said a few words, of which the murmur was only faintly wafted to Elsie;, and then they parted, Lord Horace riding towards the Crossing, Blake, turning on in the direction of the Bean-tree. And then a curious thing happened. He stopped dead short and whirled round, and in the bright moonlight Elsie; with quickened sight, could Eee his face turned towards where she stood on the pinnacle of the cairn. He had seen her in the moonlight in her white dress outlined against the dark gum-trees ; he wished her to know that he had seen her. and that ho was. true to his resolution and would not come to disturb her again. Elsie watched him ride away till the two forms of horse and rider wer9 lost in the shadows and the night. She crept down from the cairn and stood on the top of the bank as Lord Horace shambled up. "Elsie," he cried. "What the diokens are | you doin' here "I wanted to kuow—have they done any-1 thing ? Was that Mr. Blake with you 2" "Yes, he wouldn't come in—said he must get down to Leiohardb's Town—to, work the official wires, I-suppose. He wants to catch the coach from Goondi to- morrow morning. He's a queer fellow, Blake." " Queer! Why do you say so ?" "Oh! I don't know. There were we all in the devil of an excitement. Macpherson raging and wanting to organise a. scouring party on the instant—all of us cursing-and. spluttering and vowing vengeance on Moon light, and Blake as cool as a cucumber all. the time, looking bored with the whole concern and with a quiet dreamy way, as though his mind was in the clouds or too full of the sale of the Gorge to bother about Moonlight." "The sale of the Gorge. It was true,- then?" I " True! Good Lord, why should it nob have ] been true ■? The man was there—a meat-pre server in a small way—sells bo the big estab lishments, and wants to go in for something in I the breeding, line. He and Trant were.inspect ing when we arrived." " Mr. Trant was there !" " Why, my dear Elsie, I think you- must be loose of a shingle, as our Australians put it. Didn'b you hear Trant say good-bye and tell us he was going straight over to meet a butcher? Well, he did go straight over and ho did meet the butcher; anyhow the butcher and Tranb were there and had been right enough when Macpherson gob over three hours before- me. Are you thinking that Trant stole the j diamonds ? It would be a convenient theory. And do you know that my first suspicions fell j on.Sam Shehan ? But it won't hold'water," " Sam Shehan !" Elsie said, still in a dazed way. She seemed able only to repeat vaguely Lord Horace's words. "Sam is a very bad bat, or was, as we all know. It was a fluke, Hallott tells me, that he didn't get seven years for cattle stealing from Tunimba. It Btruck me as not at all un likely that Sam Shehan may have given in formation to Moonlight. The informer must have been someone on the spot, for it was clear that Moonlight knew exactly how the dia monds were done up and carried and the right man to tackle; he must have known, too, the exact hour at which they started. And what beats me is how it was done in the time ; and how, supposing it was Sam Shehan, he could have got the news to Moonlight and been at the corroboree—for I saw him with my own eyes." "Yes," said Elsie. " And have started with Trant and the half ca3teB before ten. Trant swears he never left his side and that they were on the run the first thing this morning, getting in some fats ready for the butcher. Of course the theory of: Trant's implication does away with that alibi. But it's too absurd. Neither of the theories will work. Time's against it for one thing, and all the facts. Tho butcher was there; the fats were there—in the paddock— Sam Shehan and the two half-castes were there, and as far as I could see not another soul about the place." "Did you tell Mr. Trant of your suspicions of Sam Shehan ?" Elsie asked. "No, but I hinted 'em to Blake; and, by Jove, it was the only time he flared up ; said he'd answer for Shehan with his life, offered to have him put under arrest if we liked; wanted the mere shadow of a suspicion cleared off him. "Well, as I said, facts are facts—and Macpherson was the first to declare that we must look elsewhere. The other theory is that Moonlight is in with the blacks and was at the corroboree himself and heard us talking about the diamonds—what fools we . were—and got all the information he wanted. It was extra ordinary quick work. Anyhow, I think the diamonds are pretty safe. They can't dispose ot them and they wouldn't be likely to break them ud at once. And there'll be such a hue and cry and raising of thecountrytbat Moonlieht's hiding-plaee isn't likely to remain undis covered for long. One thing we may be fairly sure of, that the lair is somewhere hereabouts; andTrant declares that if it is anywhere in the Luya Jack Nutty and Bompo, who know every inch of these parts, are sure to find it. That's something comforting for Em, at any rate." Lady Waveryng, however, was not a woman to fret vainly over the inevitable. Lord Waveryng was far more of a " grizzle," as she termed it-; and he did " grizzle" considerably over.the diamonds and worried the police and! the Government of Leichardt's Land not a little in hi3 anxiety for their recovery. The Government did their best, and Blake was as eager in-hi3 efforts-to hunt do.wn- the- robbers as Lord Waveryng could', have wished, though he was heard to say that from such. a Radical Government as-that of Mr. Torbolton he could expect but little sympathy and not much respect for locked up capital in the shape of diamond heirlooms. Lord Waveryng went down to • Leichardt's Town to interview himself the heads of the police department and to stir up the Government in his cause. He was the guest of Sir Michael Stukeley, who called together a special meeting oE the Executive to confer on the question of capturing Moonlight. The aristocratic section of'Leichardt's Town society was stirred to its core. The anti-Ministerial newspapers were, fierce in their denunciations of a supine ad ministration which could allow not only meri torious colonists but illustrious visitors to be the prey of an outlaw who, with a baud of not more than four men, could hold at defiance the whole police force of the colony. " When.five ruffians can keep at bay bat talions of police," wrote the Luya Sentinel, "what confidence can the inhabitants of Leichardt's Land feel in the present guardians of public order?" There were veiled allusions to Eenian proclivities on the part of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, and. a hint of possible sympathy with rebels, robbers, and insurgents against the law generally. "Why- were not ] the robbers hunted to their den ? Why was I not the country scoured forthwith by police, by the military if necessary 1 Why were not black trackers put on the trail ? Was it not | fear, abject fear on the part of the police ! officers, as well as the indifference of a Socialist Government, , which stood in. the way of such rigorous measures 1 So far it certainly appeared that as long as the bushrangers chose to ! keep in. their hiding-place in the ranges there wa3 small probability of the district being rid of its scourge. In no obher district would such hiding-place be possible," and here, the Luya, Sentinel waxed enthusiastic over the mountain fastnesses, which were the barren pride of this unprofitable corner of Leichardt's Land. It would appear- that the Luya had the monopoly of not only all that was picturesque in soenery, but all that wa3 romantic in legend and'superstition. Captain Maepheraon- swore by all his gods i that the taunts of the Luya Sentinel should be no longer deserved ; and during the next three weeks the indignation of. the local press be came ridicule at the aimless^wanderings of the chief of the police and his troopers among the gorges and ravines and scrubs of the Upper Luya, where upon one occasion . they got hopelessly bushed, returning to Tummba in a; sorry condition,, having staked a valuable horse-in a fall over a concealed preoipice and broken the arm. of one of the troopers. The blacks' superstition also stood in the way of a thorough scouring of the heads of the river, for even the half-civilised trackers objected to venture into that mysterious region haunted by Debil- debil and the spirit of the. mighty Chief Barblin. Besides, the bunya scrub and spinifex thiokets were im penetrable alike to man and beast and must be equally so to the bushrangers, Captain Mae pheraon argued. On this Barblin expedition Captain Macpherson made Barhlin Gorge the centre of. operations and the half-castes and Sam Shehan acted as pioneers. Dominic; Trant also was • zealous in the service, while the stockman's prodigies of bush-j manship and indefatigable pushing, through ' country that might have appalled the bravest rider lulled all Lord Horace's vague! suspicions. Hot.a trace or sign.of Moonlight; could be discovered ; not a clue to prove that ' he had made for thi3 direction after the robbery. The search round Barolin was given up, and then anew theory, founded on private j information supplied to Blake, as Colonial Secretary, by an. anonymous correspondent, was started to the effect that Moonlight was in league with-a Chinese gardener-not far from the Bean-tree.Crossing, and that the pineapple field was the hiding-place of the diamonds. The gardener was found wrapped in an opium sleep and was sufficiently dazed to be imper vious to interrogatories. There were one or two suspicious circumstances, however; the pineapples were uprooted, the hut searched, the gardener put under arrest, and then it turned out that the trail was a false one, and the police were at sea once more. Blake paid one or two hurried visits to the Luya on business, connected with the sale of the selection, he said, but he did not go near Elsie; Trant was away too—he went aoross the border, presumably on the same business, taking Shehan with him. The sale was now given out as fact and Trant had announced his probable departure- for Europe. Minnie Pryde declared that Elsie.was . responsible for the sudden sale of the selection, ana the reason thereof was that neither of the partners would live there as neighbors to Mrs. Frank"Halletb. But this, of course,, was absurd, for there seemed no likelihood of Blake giving up his. political life, and he, was more likely to be brought into contact with. Mrs. Prank Hallett in Leichardt's Town than on the Luya.. (lo be continued.J The Orient liner Oruba left London on March 24; and is expected to arrive ab Largs Bay on Monday or Tuesday next. The fol lowing is a-list of her saloon passengers :—Por Adelaide—Miss Panny Jones, S. W. Haughr ton, William Parker. Por Melbourne—Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Kay and infant, Mrs. Hasler,. Miss M. M. Hasler, Miss E. M. Hasler ; and 39 in other classes. Por Sydney—Mr. J, Bickbam, Mis3 McDonall, Mr. L. W. Dodge, Mr. C. C. Sheen, R.N., Mr. W. P. Chapman. R.N., Mr. and Mr?. Statham, Dr. A. J. Pink thorn, Dr. A.. Foster, Mr. P. Fawcetb, Miss Pawcett, Mr. P, Maguire,.Mr. H. T. Leggett, R.N., Mr. Rudolph-'Bach, Sirs. Tapley, Miss Clements; and 61 in other olasaes. Por Bris bane—Mr. Carnegie, Mr. W. Miller; and three in other classes.. Por Auokland—Mrs. W. E. Lyle, Miss E. Ball; and eight in other classes. Por Wellington—Dr. C. Morice, Mr. C.. A. Brooke, Mr. E. Saunders; and eight in other-classes; 