LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, October 20, 1893. With Charles Gounod, who succumbed to an apoplectic fit early in the week, a heaven-born genius and a very great musician has passed away. He was one of the masters of the century, and his name will have a place amongst the highest. Most of us, I fear, knew him chiefly as the composer of 'Faust,' of "Romeo and Juliette," and of " Philemon of Baucis." The sacred music, which was his chief pride, and contained his grandest effort, has never been appreciated as it ought to have been. For that kind of work he was not perhaps fortunate in his age or at any rate in his place in it. French audiences were not always disposed to find his highest to their liking. "The Redemption" and "Mors et Vita" really made their moat eerions impreesien at this side of the ohanneL "Faust" is the "East Lynne" of Italian and Kngliwh OPS™- When in doubt the enterprising impresario in* variably plays it, and can generally be sure of a full house. As mounted nowadays at Coveat Garden it has become a superb spectacle. " Borneo and Juliette 3 owes its popularity in London mainly to the Prince and Princess of Wales, with whom the opera is a favorite, and. who ordered it for the Scale performance this summer. "Philemon et Baucis" Gounod hitn« celt preferred to either of his more popular operas, but (though played frequently of late before "Gav&Uena; Kuaticana") its music was "caviare to the many." Marshal MacManon, who passed quietly away on Tuesday morning last after a long illness, borne with characteristic heroism, was a great soldier and a poor politician. Ha bad no gift for diplomacy and very wisely directly be found Fiance was opposed to the course which the intrigues of the Blyeee bad committed him to he threw up public life and bis great position and retired. Time has vindicated all his motives and bis final act a? President of the Republic Whenever be did ill it was because be was pnrposely con fused by his intimate advisers and did no! see the drift of their advice. But onoi be understood their purpose he stopped, pleaded engagements, and stood opoa his cense of honor and of patriotic doty. MacMahon'e family were legitimists, and though he served Jthe Empire as a member oj the Senate he was favorable to the elda branch. Yet it was he who said when the Comte de Chambord stood by the white flag, "If we restore the monarchy the guns will go oSof themselves.*' He refused to be« party then to a restoration. Mrs. Crawford relates that on the day on which the Septennafcs was voted by the Versailles Assembly the Prince de JoinvQle said to General Changar nier "We have secured ? sword." "Yes™ answered the general, "but a wooden eword that will never draw a drop of blood or cut a Cordian knot" Like a great many of Mr. Gladstone's ap pointments that of Lord Elgin to be Goremor- General of India excites severe criticism. The administrative experience of the noble earl ia certainly inconsiderable. He has been chair man of the Fife County Council and of the Dunfermline Parish School Board. As a nils the holder of the third greatest appointment our Empire provides is required to po?sew at least a brilliant record. The TRartirad Prime Minister," cry the Tories, can give no bettex reason far promoting this—to put it mildly— inexperienced young m&n; to ft snosb ECfipoQ" sible position than that be is a peer in want of a place. It -is the kind of blunder no Conservative and nob many Liberal statesmen dare have made. Even the most thick and tbia Glad?toniAns cannot con tain their surprise. "The Earl of Elgin has arrived in Xiondon from Brooms Hall, J>on fermline," read out a man at the National Liberal Club last night. "In view of recent events," be went on, " it rarely should be new Brooms Hali." "What will they say in India?' aske£ another. "What tcont they Bay?" retorted the first speaker bitterly; "Fancy all the civil and military big wigs and native princes having to *koo-too' to a raw know-nothing of a iScottie with ™iHiiiig but a handle to bis came to commend bim to them. Keally someone ought to prescribf) s> - strong course of Kipling for Cos G.oTttV Though the coal famine is at an end and paces are falling as rapidly as they rose the strike still continues in many parts of tho country. In Staffordshire, for «wmpV^ seem simply desperate. "Women who will go out and beg manage somehow to stave oft starvation, but the self •respecting poor prouder far thantheir richer brethren would be in similar straits—suffer silently at borne. Shocking scenes are described by relief visitors an Wolverhampton. In one house, bare ol furniture, a child was found Bleeping uneasily, and when asked if it was ill the mother burst into tears and revealed that hunger had done its worst, and her darliue was dying of alow starvation. In another oase a twelve months' old baby was found greatly «m««ja.i?fl in its mother's arms, aud tbe ?fei" flfwnafl fxj hang on it? bones. "The doctor ordered brandy and milk because he's wasting away,* said the mother, " but be might as well hay( told me to give it sovereigns to play with, He can't eat bread, and I can't get anything ta feed myself, let alone feeding the ohfld." Numberies? children have been found who only get one meal in 24 hours, and any tallow candles left in die schoolrooms are at once surreptitiously seized on and devoured by the hungry little ones. Many of the bouses have nothing in fch**™, not even a ftfiair^ .and too children, sometimes nine in Dumber, are i^lmoaii naked. Women have pawned their wedding rings in hundreds, and throughout tbe whole district a great cry goes np tha. the strike may come to an end. ** Xhe number of young men now obtaining a University education has risen far above tie number of professional careers open to t^H^nr^ and nothing ought to be done to stimulate further the supply of such secondary education as is preparatory for professional life." Such was the opinion Canon Bell, headmaster at Mariborough, expressed before the gentlemen recently assembled in conference at Oxford upon secondary education. Toe SotwrHug JKcviciD *vmnl?PTiTi-Tinftfl the |>roTW nr|"*a' mp'wfc in sn. able article in its current issua If ever, it cays, "Mene Tekel" was written on tie wall these words of Dr. Bell wrote it there and then. The crime, the blunder, and the danger of the present lie in the fact that the number of young men now turned out under secondary school and University education is enormously above the number of careers of any kind, pro fessional or other, which are open to them and for which they are fitted. They have re bounded from the choked professions into the "vocations and employments,*' to use the language of those income tax papers -which few of them are ever likely to" receive, or to reaeive without groans. "Even from the point of view of those who think that, 'the career open to talents 9 settles everything we believe that the thing is an utter mistake—that a really clever boy, in even. very low classes, bad a better chance of rising under the old system ot limitation and patronage than tinder tbe new system of competition and crowd. There is an entirely different aide to the question, and one of not less realimportance, and the lowered value and virtue of learning even in those who are not exposed to these dangers as a result of its vulgarisation. But that is not perhaps likely to appeal very much to the kind of public opinion prevalent at this or at any time. What the people of England may possibly be brought to see is that it is no use multiplying costly machinery to torn out razors when you want epadee, for blunted razors make the very worst spades in the world; that there is only a limited quantity of tium&n; steel that will make good nnmasi razors, and only a limited quantity of human razors wanted at all, and that when you turn out more the process is horribly cruel ethically, recklessly wasteful economically, and from tho point of view of all rational politics supremely unwise." ** Through Storm to Peace," the autobio graphy which Mrs. Besaut bas been contriba* ting to the Sunday Sun, will be published com* plete in a single volume forthwith. The final instalment appears in the' current iseuo (Ootober 15). Theroin this remarkable woman confesses that when materialism began to faU her she suffered great pain. "Bothere," ehe says, "as at other times of my life I dare not purchase peace with a lie. An imperious necessity forces me tospeakthetmthas leeeit whether the speech pleaseordisplease, whether it brings praise or blame. That one loyally to truth I must keep stainless whatever fneod ship3 fail me or human ties be broken. She may lead me into the wUdnemees, yet I must follow her; she may strip me of all love, yet 1 must pursue her; though she may clay me, yet will I trutt in her; and I ask no othea epitaph on my tomb but 'She tried to follow truth.'" For the moment Mrs. Besank' is safe in the theosophist fold, and ehq seems to imagine she will remain therej forever. Her last words are:—"And thus % came through Storm to Peaoe, not to the pesos; of an untroubled sea of outer life, which no strong soul can crave, but to an inner peaoa that outer troubles may not avail to ruffle, a. peace which belongs to the eternal, not to tha transitory; to the depths, not to tbe shallowa of life. It carried me aoathless through the. terrible sprint; of IS9I, when death struck down Charles Bradlaugh in the plenitude ol his usefulness, and unlocked tbe itatewav into rest for H. P. BUvatsky. TaroagS anxieties aud responsibilities, heavy and numerous, it has borne me; every strain, makes it stronger; every trial makes it t«-reener; every assault leaves it more radiant). Quiet confidence has taken the plaos of doubt; a strong security the place of anxious dread. In lite,"through death to life, I am but aha servant of the Great Brotherhood, and those on whose heads but for a moment the touch ot the Master bas rested in blessing can neve* again look upon thewerid cave tjwjagtt eyer made luminous wjth the radiance ol tha Eternal Peaoe." Unless Mm. Baaant rinujfit her past record completely nothing can be more certain than that the half-way house of theosophy won't satisfy her long. For one thing ehehas no leader, and Annie Besant cannot do without one. Charles Bradlaugh was the support of her materialism, and had there been no H. P. Blavatsky she would never have become a neo-theosophist. Mrs. Beeant has so far evidsntly been, unfortunate in the clerics she has met. Sometime in the future, however, one of those priests whose subtle resistless influence makes them Each mighty factors for good, and occasionally also for evil, may meet her. The spirit of restless investi gation which she calls the "desire for truth" will then again become clamorous, and Mrs. Besant will fulfil the prediction of the friends who prophesy "she will end a devout Roman Catholic" Mr. E. D. Fawcetb, whose vivid imaginative effort, "Hartmano, the Anarchist," has just been published by Edward Arnold in a 3s. ' 6d. volume, is a very creditable disciple of Jules Verne. Those who read the Knglish Illustrated Magazine this year, or even glanced through the pictures, will noli need reminding of the story of the construction and career of the marvellous flying ironclad. Mr. Fawcett had been most fortunate in his illustrator. The picture of this blighting monster shelling the doomed city of London with impunity from above and circling around like a hnge bird, and from time to time pouring down thousands of gallons of blazing petroleum on the shriek ing inhabitants, lingers tenaciously in the memory. Ido not advise placing " Hartmann the Anarchist" in the hands of sensitive women or children, but it ought not to hurt a robust lad more than the adventures of Verne's "Captain Hatteras." "Miss Stuart's Legacy,™ by Sirs. Flora Annie Steele, is a novel of Indian life, cover ing ground untouched on by either Kipling or Mrs. Croker or Judge Cunningham. Mrs. Steele has lived twenty years in India, where her husband is a Civil servant, and she pos sesses a sympathetic knowledge of the natives, far truer and more thorough, I should imagine, than the great Rudy&rd;'e, but Bhe has not bis gift of picturesque language. The native scenes and characters in "Miss Stuarfs Legacy" are, nevertheless, all excellent. Belle Stuart herself, I confess, is too complex for my masculine understanding. Her hyper sensitive, hyper-subtle feelings make her till the final chapter, when she 6uddeniy becomes sensible, an exasperating hussy. The plot of " Miss Stuart's Legacy" has nothing specially Dew about it. That young lady, coming out to India at 18, finds the widowed father she had hoped to be "all in all" to married again to a vulgar but well-meaning woman with grown-up daughters of her own. Colonel Stuart is a thorough old "rip"—drinking, gambling, and eating opium, but he manages to conceal most of bis weaknesses from Belle, who idealises her parent. Nevertheless the girl would have been in a poor way soon but for two lovers—John Baby and Major Mars den. The latter she favors, and is on the verge of accepting when her father dies, and some of his peccadilloes leaking out Baby manages to make it appear that Marsden exposed them. Belle furiously refuses to listen to ex planations and sends back Marsden's letters unopened. TTia regiment is then cent to the front. Before the major goes he makes a will leaving Belle £30,000. In due course Marsden is reported missing, and Baby, who drew up the will, proposes to and marries Miss Stuart, hurrying her away before the bad 1 news reaches her. At the close of the honey moon Belle Baby hears of the major's death and legacy. She angrily refuses to accept a farthing from her father's traduoer. Baby has then to tell the truth. So far from libelling the deceased colonel, Marsden had out of his own pocket made good numberless defalca tions, and shielded the old man's memory in many ways. Shortly after this Mareden comes to life again, and Belle, mistaking him for his ghost, flings herself into his arms. This is bad enough, but Raby has invested the legacy in an indigo plantation, co it cannot be given back. Poor Belle suffers agonies betwixt love and pride, and treats Marsden abominably most readers will think. Ultimately, when fate and a native rumpus remove the inconvenient husband, Belle refuses to have anything to say to her faithful lover. Seven yean later the major comes to England to find Mrs. Baby absorbed in the work of a children's hospital, of which ehe is superintendent. She offers at last to ' give the work all np and return to India and the regiment with him as his wife, but Marsden declines the sacrifice. "Marriage." he Bays, " as I take it, is tor young people, and what they call love is the bribe held out by Nature to induce ber thoughtless children to undertake a difficult duty. Let us remain as we are." So the book ends without a wedding. 