TWO BOYS IN THE ALPS. A STORY OF MOUNTAINEERING ADVEN TURE. By Alice Orossette Hall. It was at noon of a hot August day — click, click, olick, the sound was not unliko tho sharp striking of a hammer on the rocks, and it broko tho stillness peculiar to high altitudes. It seemed to como from a point just below a large flat rook on tho outer edge of a wide plateau high up on tlie sides of the mountains forming what are called tho "Higher Alps." Anyone experienced in Alpine elimbing would know that tho sharp click among the rooks was that of Alpine sticks, nnd would bo equally sure that some indefatigable tourists were projecting themselves upward by tbe help of these very convenient " lifts." Almost simultaneously two heads nnd two very red faces appeared abovo tbo edge of the plateau, and a moment later two boyB had thrown themselves on tho rook. "Whew, that last pull was a mighty hard one," panted one of them, trying to reoover his usual breath. " Yes, a good deal harder than it has Beeraed before, but I've noticed that when you climb a mountain tbc second time it always does seom hnrdor. I suppose it is because tbo first time everything is new and you don't know what's ahead." "My, it did seem awfully steep with this blaz ing sun against tbo rooks." "A blazing sun; I should think it was," said tho othor, "and a blazing red face too, I have, if it looks as red as it feolB," " "Well, it is rathor red it must bo confessed," was tho answer. "But just wait until you havo crossed the glaoier," pointing to a snowy expanse lying in a depression beyond and abovo them. " It will be in a pretty blazo by that time." " Yours don't look half as uncomfortable as mine feels." "Ob, that's becauso I'm an old stager, while yon are & novico, you know." There waB some thing liko a Bhrug of impatienoc on tho part of tho othor boy, who found theso frequent allu sions to a superior experience becoming somo- wbnt irksome, even from a chum. Richard Wilder and Alfred Parsons had been playmates in Australin. This was tho former's third summer nmong tho Alps, while tho latter was having his first season, Richard had made many asoentB with an older brother, who was an expert olimbor, and was allowed to initiato Alf. in tbo dolighto of Alpine climbing, with an un derstanding on tho part of both their mothers that ho should confine himself to localities he had already visited. For two seasons ho had attempted this par ticular mountain, tho first time only rcaohing tho shepherd's hut, not for above tho tree line, and being obliged on a second visit to turn back for look of time when within an oxasperatingly short distance of the summit. Tho boys had made an early start from a point in tho Engadiue, that very high valley in the eastern part of Switzerland where thoy wero spending the summor, taking a morning post to the point from whioh tho climb was to bo made. They had come up by way of tho shepherd's hut which Richard so well remeraberod, whero the shepherd lad, after having shown them the mysterious rccoss of his hut and tbo spot whero grew an unusual abundanoo of Eidelwoiss, bad sent thorn on their way with seoming reluo- tanee. Now tho hut lay far below them looking liko a more speek. "Look at Julius," oxolaimed Richard, who had turnod his field glass on tho uhophord lad below. " There lie stands just outside tho hut, exactly as ho stood when we came up thlB morn ing." "Now then for the lunch," reaching for tho tin box which Alf had unstrapped from his All Rights Resorted. shoulders and deposited on tho rook "I don't know how you feel, but I am hungry. "What oceans of this stuff I'vo drunk," pouring from a bottlo somo cold tea into their drinking oups. " It b tho only drink for mountain olimbing, as all the guides will toll you." After lunoh they stretched themselves out on tho rook for a good rest beforo going on. What a spot for a siesta. All about them, a vast ex- panso of Alpino peaks with thoir strango ming ling of snow and rook, of dazzling lights and weird shadows. Over thom swept tho soft winds, just swaying tho tufts of grass and tiny Alpino flowers that managed to grow in tho crevices of tho rocks. Abovo ail was that pcouliar stillness, that solitude, which ono ex periences nowhere elso so intensoly as in the great elevations. It was this steango solitudcthatonwrappod these two Australian lads and held them speeohless and awed on tho side of this mighty giant, standing thero with its othor companions in tho very heart of tho Gri- Bona — "Old Crags" — as tho boys choso to call him, from the more than usual ruggedness of Ills aepeot. " What's that?" exclaimed Alfred raising his head from liisknapsack and sitting bolt upright aB a shrill whistlo broko tho stillness nnd wont echoing among the rooks — a strango woird sound that one nevor forgots having onco heard it in those high solitudes. An explosive laugh from Richard allayed Alf's fears. "It's only a marmot, about as big as our woodohuck ; looks like a great furry ball rolling among the rocks. One of them has spied us and is sounding tho alarm No hope of our seeing a ohamois. That ory of the mar mot always warns them to keep out of tho way." How Alf had longed to see a chamois ! Riohard had seon six tho Bummer beforo in ono of his mountain excursions, a f nob whioh ho had duly impressed on Alf. "Time to be going," said Richard, buckling on his knapsaok. Thoy both took a good look at tho task before thom. Thero toward thoir left was the peak towering nbove them, jagged and broken, a mix ture of earth slides and ugly precipices, the ascent from the other side looking gradual and comparatively easy. " How far up did you go last year?" inquired Alf. Richard pointed to a sharply jutting rook half way betweeutho glacier and the summit. "But I don't mean to stop there," ho said. "I'm going to the top." " Oh, Riohard, don't you kiiow— " " O ! yes, I know," broke in Richard, recalling the usual stipulation to kee5 on familiar ground, "but it's only extending the climb a little. It's not a new or a different one. You see for your- solf how safe it looks, oxoept on tho ono aide. Besides, women are so afraid to havo ono ven ture a little. The boys, fresh from their long rest, accom plished quiokly the steep ascent to the level where lay tho small glaoier. Richard well re membered tho placo of his previous crossing. A fresh fall of snow covered tho iee, and to Alf it was an odd exporienoo, plunging into it more than ankle deep during the "dog day " sea son. "Look out for tho crevasse," called Richard, jumping lightly across a moderate sized chasm. To Alf's mind the very mention of " orevasse " suggested unfathomable depths of horror and darkness and probably death. Ho looked Into tbe loy fissure with its few feet of depth. "I shouldn't get much of a hurt by falling into that," he said Bomewhat contemptuously. "No, perhaps not," answered Richard, "but you would havo a sweet time of it getting out if you happened lobe alone." Alf looked again at tho solid ico walls and couoludcd ho would rather not risk it. Then came tho final pull, not so easy as it had looked from a distance— big sharp rooks, with treacherous holes between, filled with snow, iuto whioh they often would sink to their knees. At last they had rc&ohed; the big rook Richard had pointed out as their stopping place of last summer. The boys sat down to look about them, feeling the unfamiliar be&uty; surrounded qb thoy were by the majestio peaks of Graubunden. There was the beautiful Bcrnina group rising in dazz ling whiteness, beyond whioh waB Italy. On another sido wore the Tyrols, and away off in distance, melting into the sky with a softness that was dream liko, were the peaks . of tho BernerObcrland. " I am bound to see it from the top," said Richard making n fresh scramble over the, rooks. Toward the top the way grew easier. Thoy had now drifted unoonsoiously into a sort of natural pathway whioh led around to tbo oppo site sido of tho summit from tho ono by which thoy had intended to approaoh it. Full of their talk and laughter they had not notiocd the divergence, nor that they were on the danger- 1 ous side. Alf was now ahead. Thon o&mo; a break in tbe path caused by aland slide which had carriod away all foothold. Spanning the breaoh was a moderate sized branoh of a tree, its smallor branches and twigs still adhering to it. It looked substantial enough. Alf had already stepped upon it and Riohard, bringing up tho rear, was speculating as to how such a branoh oarao to be in bucU a place, when thero was a snap, and tho next instant Alf, branoh and all wero shooting down the slide, & long steep deolivity terminating at a sharply jutting ledge or shelf, abovo a sheor preoipico, seemingly to unknown dopths below. All Riohard could see was a confused mass of broken branches, flying dust and stones, then a dark object hurled over that frightful ledge. For an instaut ho seemed turned to stono, thon, with an agonised ory of "Alf, Alf," he was about to start headlong down tbo preoipi- tous walls that extended to the depths his friend must have fallen. The very madness of it stopped him. If ho did not lose his own life it would bo but a slow and toilsomo process getting to tho bottom. To retrace his way, long nnd roundabout as it was, to reach tho plateau and go around and up again to the bottom of tho precipice, was, after all, the surest, doubtless tho quiokest, way. He did not stop to reason it out. It came to him liken flash. Then, with one wild desiro to reach his friend, to get, if possible, ono Inst token of life, bo turned and sped downward over tho same routo up which he had just climbed so toilsomely. It was too rooky and diffieult for the safe use of his alpenstock, but he did not carc, trusting himself to it blindly, swinging himself reck lessly ovor tho rooks with many a bruise from their jagged points. But the outward bruises wore nothing to the inward go&dings; of his conscience. The one thought that stood out with vivid distinctness amid the wild tumult of his brain was that it was bo who had led Alf to his horrible death. Then camo tbo glacior. Now 1ub progress was more rapid, and here bis alpenstock did good cxcoution, for by its aid he flung himsolf along with tromondous leaps. But the snow blinded him, and rapidly softoning against the ice ho would slip and floundor and fall. Oho of theso flying leapB brought him above tbe crevasse, whioh bo had quite forgotton. By adding an impotus to tho forward motion ho was landed sprawling on tho further edge of tho chasm, tho upper part of his body on tho rock, but bis legs overhanging the orevasse. On that perilous edgo he would almost in evitably havo slipped into the chasm had not tho point of his alpenstook, as ho Blippcd and fell, planted itself so firmly in the opposite icy wall as to hold him in his position, and onablo him to regain his foothold and spoed on again. Ho shuddered with terror at tho thought of himself at tbo bottom of tbo crevasse, alone and help less, with night coming on and his poor friend dying alonc< Now tho glaoier waB past and ho had reached tho sharpost dosccnt of all, yet growing more and moro reckless as ho pro« cccded. Then thero was a snap, and he was hurled forward with his shouldor striking against a rook, his head just escaping a sharp poiut that might have given a death blow. His alpen stock, whioh but a few minutes beforo had, doubtless, saved his lifo, had now all but been tbe means of his losing it. It had broken under tbe great strain. Richard flung it from him as he gathered himself up, groaning from his bruises. Fortunately, ho was near tho plateau. Thero was tho fiat rook where ho and Alf had lunohed so happily. It seomcd ages ago. On ho sped along tho plateau, then up again until ho came within sight of tho fatal ledge. It was as ho had feared ; below it a sheer preoipice over which no human being could fall and not meet death. He olimbed on, nnd up, with an ioy dread upon him of what he was doubtless soon to sec. What he did sco, howovcr, was only a huge bank of sand nnd crumbling stone, tbe accumu lation of years. That was all — no tr&co; of any human being. "Alf, Alf, Alf," ho shrieked in a mental agony that almost orazed him as the echo went reverberating among those Btrange solitudes, giving him a senso of solitariuchB that seemed absolutely unbearable. What sound was that? Was it an coho? Was someone mocking him? Was it a human voice? "Alf," rang out again on tho stillness more desperately than before. "Hello," came faintly from Bome point far above him. What miraolo was this? Looking up, Riohard caught Bight of some portion of the branch on whioh Alf had taken his down ward slide, just visible above the lodge. Did his eyos deceive him ? Had it really lodged on its way down ; in fact, nover como over that dreadful precipice at all? Surely, it was from tho midst of it that Alf's voice had come. "Alf, Alf," ho called again, fooling a sonso of relief utterly indescribable. "Are you really there, and not killed ?" "No, I'm not killed," came back faintly. "But I feel ail smashed up. Don't try to come up here, but get Bomcoue to help mc out of this." Richard's thoughts flew to the shepherd lad. Between them they could, doubtless, oxtricato tbo poor boy. " I'm going for Julius," ho shouted. He pioked up AU's alpenstook and was speed ing back, flying it seomed to him, in si)ito of his bruises and aohing legs. How ho reached the shepherd's hut he scarcely knew. The sotting sun was lighting up tho snowy peaks with a rosy glow as he ap proached it, bringing into bold relief all its surroundings, especially the welcome form of Julius, who was standing just outside the door, with his hands in his pookets, as if he had not changed his position since the morning. Riohard quiokly told the story. Seizing his stout walking-stick, his constant mountain com panion, and, like a faithful shepherd, taking one look ahout at tho cows and goats, Julius was off like the wind, leading Riohard a chase to keep up. These shepherd boys aro expert olimbers. His feet clattered over tbo stones, even with thoso poor apologies for shoes, wooden solos, with pieoes of leather to hold them on. But thero was something whieli Riohard did not know that lent swiftness to Julius's head long speed. Four years before, to fill up some idle hours, and do a good deed, as he thought, in tho interest of tourists, be, with the help of ono of his goats, had dragged up and placed across the breaoh iu the path the same braiich which, gradually decoying, and at last made worthless by time and. weather, had broken under Alf's weight. Ho was goaded on to the resoue under a sonse of hiB own responsibility in the disaster. - They found Alf near the place 'of his fall, moving painfully and laboriously about on hiB hands aud knees. " Only trying a little ohango," ho said. "Three or four hours in one position proves rather monotonous. Besides, I wanted to find out how many bones were broken. I really believe not one, but I am pounded to a jelly, and one ankle lias got an awful sprain." It hardly needed an explanation on his part as to bow tho whole thing happened, and ho had so marvellously escaped. The brokon branoh had gono down the slide with the heavy end foremost, whiob, in crashing among some rocks collcoted at the top of tho ledge, had boon stopped there, only dislodging one of them, whioh had gono over the precipice, and whiob, in all tho dust and commotion, Richard had supposed to bo Alf. Alf bnd, at tlie start, fallon back among tbe smaller branches, and taken his downward slide face upward, thus miraculously escaping witii only his bruises and a bad wrenoh of the ankle as he struck among tho rocks. "But goodness, Richard," he exclaimed, "one would think from your looks that it was you who had taken tlie tumble aud gone over tho pre oipice, and it was your ghost that had como up to find me. Did you really thiuk I was killed?" Richard could not answer. Tho horror of that dreadful fate his friend had escaped— the long weariness of tho body, nnd agony of mind, and tbe relief from tho dreadful tonslon, wero too muoh for him. He flung himsolf by Alf's side and throw his arms about Iub ncok in ah out burst of weeping. Betweon them Richard and Julius managed to got Alf down the mountain side, sometimes making a chair of their orossed hands and some times propping him up on both sides. They put him to bed in tho small apace where Julius slept, where were piled some pino boughs covered with ragged blankets. "Don't bo troubled about me," Alf said. "I'm getting used to tree branobes— if tbey only haven't a fanoy for rapid travelling. 1 Julius wns sont down the mountain to carry a messago to tho mothers of tho lads, and Riohard was left alone. Ho sat outside tho hut in tho Alpino night. The moon was moving overhead in the clearest of skies, and tho snow clad peaks had almost tho brightness of day. All about bim on tbe moon lit slopes woro lying tho cows, tho occasional tinkling of the bolls being tbo only sound in tho strange stillness. Tho stones in tho littlo hut and the pot of Edelweiss in the orevice wero not the only things that Richard saw. He had had an experience. 