l||d|cllt«|tottl|tutC8 Publiihed Evtry Tuoiday, Tlmniay and Saturday, . I am in tho. place whom I am demanded of. oonsolenco to speak the truth j and thoro fore the truth I Bpcnk, impugn it whoso Hit.' .....,* . ...... ? sA run da r, no vmuiEii as, i soa. The General Election. . No tnovo 'bus yet been mado in tho repre sentation of Wellington. A fow publlo mcotlng gf olectpw in tho prineipal town* (n the electorate would no doubt bo desirable to obtain nn cs'prcssion of opinion ns to. suitablq. r^preseutatlves, Hie prusont ropro-. seututlveB'havIng bo far neglected to seok an expression' of opinion ns to their fltness or othorwiso' for' re- plectiou. Electors nro re minded that nominations cannot he received after tho l!)th of next mouth, and that is their duty to arouse from their presont apathy nnd oxert themselves to obtain tho best representatives possible nt Ihls critical time. '.'?*? Party Politics.— Tho ' Telegraph ' re ported the speech oE tho Treasurer at Latrobo on Tuesday night to tho oxtont of nearly two onlumni. whllo tho ' Examiner ' kuvu him fix columns. Tho 'Telegraph' riivo Mr. JM'WUIlams threo eoluinns, iueludluga sub-leader, the ' lSxanilnor ' iluvotlng only sevon inches of spneo to a report oE this meet ing, four iuohes oE which were occupied by matter entirely eoncuniliitr Messrs, Qllniore nnd UnwkcH 1 Ami yet both papers condemn Party Politics I The Hon. W. II. Burgess has consented to nllow himself to La nuliliimlcl Fur tlie nan electoral district of .Montagu (West Coast). Wo learn from our Zcelmu cor respondent that Mr. Burgess's prospects of success aro not very bright. Tho Premlur (tho Hon. Henry Dobson) la not to have n walk over for Brighton. The Wnrdcn of Brighton (Mr. W. Guun) has decided to cuter the lists against him and a keen contest is anticipated. Mr. W. J. M'Willinuia will have a dis tinction equal to that of Sir U. N. Braddon, that of a now momber having a ' walk over.' Mr. G. C. Gilmoro has retired from tbo Blngarooma contest and Mr. M'Willlams will be returned unopposed. This gentle man addressed tho olectors at Scottsdalo on Wednesday night and was accorded a very flattering reception. Of course Mr. JI'WIl llnmB slated the present Government ns well ob the Into Government, but he at the Bamo time confessed his approval of the principles of additional taxation proposed by tho Hon. John Henry, only differing from him, like n Sreat many othor electors, in the matter of otall.- .- '. '?? . Dr. H'Call's 'farewell ' to the electors of West Devon is published in anothor part of this issuo, Dr. M'Oall will address tho electors of West Devon, in tho Town Hall, Ulvorstono, next Friday night. Wo under Btand it is the doctor's intention to advocate the direction in which he thinks Parliament should bo reformed nnd also tho abolition of Party Government. Our Lnunceston correspondent telegraphed kBt nights— Tho Hon. W. Hartnoll (Minis tor of Lands and Works) addressed a mooting of hlsconBtltiientsIn tho Milton Hall to-night He gavo a full account of tho piiBt session, and referred at length to tho Ministerial pro gramme, Ho ?indulged1 in much chaff regarding Mr. M'Willlams' candidature for Blngarooma and the statements mado In his Scottadnlo speech. There is nothing el so now in political circles. TllOTTINU. — Considerable interest Isboing evinced in a trotting match (a sweepstake of 10/.) to take place at Stowport this after noon ; dlBtanoo ono milo and half. Thore will bo 12 competitors, tho mutch being run off in three heats and a final. The tirst heat Is to start at 3- o'clock. Tbo trotting is to take placo on tho main road. We hnvo received a communication from ' Straight Tip'. with rofercnee to the ovent. Ho states that tbo match U creating almost ns much excitement locally ns the Melbourno Cup. As usual in matters of this kind the handi cappon have come in for all round abuse. 'Straight Tip' considers tho handicappers do not desorvo It, and ns tho remark is mndo by ono who is a horse-owner it is entitled to some weight. The most exception appears to bo taken to tho start oE 180 yards given to Dolly. Our correspondent does not think this mare has tho ' ghost oE a show ' to win, but ho Bhould remember that oven a Melbourne Cup race 1b n ' boil over ' Bomo Mtnes I As the event tnkes place thlB after noon there is no need to follow our correspondent nt length through bis letter. Tho usual'' course is open to those who are ilisBatiBficd, vii, to scratch their horses. All doubts and disputes about tho event will bo settled thlB, afternoon, but it is to bo hoped the best horse will win. Flowebdalk. — Our correspondentwritcs : — There is not a very bright outlook in regard to potato cropB this Benson, there being a lot of misses. This scorns unac countable, as everything has been in their favor. Perhaps It may be that the hard times have made even the crops ' look blue.' A team from the Flowerdale Cricket Club is to journey to Rocky Capo on Saturday to try conclusions with that club. If not com pletely annihilated by the Horton bowling, our boys Bhould give a good account of them selves. — A match has been arranged against the Oam on Saturday, Oth December. A DiSTiNatriBHED Politician. — By tho steamer Aorangai, which is duo here from London to-morrow (states Thursday's ' Mer cury ') the Right Hon. Sir John EldonQorst; P.O., Q.O., M.P., is a passenger. Sir John Gorst, who is accompanied by Lady and Miss Qorst, from 1880 to 1865 was one of the group of members of the BrltiBh Parliament known ob the 'Fourth Party,' of which Lord Kandolph Churchill was a prominent member. Dnderthe Salisbury Government he was appointed Privy Councillor in 1890, and was also Dnder-Secretary for India in 1891\. Sir John Gorst was born in 183S, and educated at St. John's College, Cam bridge. After a successful University career be went to New Zealand, and from 1801 to 1861 was Civil Commissioner of the Waikato district In 1800 he commenced his parlia mentary career in England, being returned for Cambridge. In 187S he was elected to represent the interests of Chatham, which aeat he has held ever since. From 1H98-9 be was Deputy-Chairman of Committees in the House of Commons, and was British pleni potentiary to the Berlin Labour Conference. It understood that he goes to New Zealand on private business. A CiiAi'TEit op Accidents. — Our Stanley correspondent wrote on Nov. 22 : — Dear me, whnt a dreadful row I What's up .' wo ex. ulalined as, we ran poll incll into tho yard of the Stanluy Hotel, nnd whnt do yon think was the cause of nil thu commotion / Jim Wella (thu landlord) nud his stuff wore mur dering u nit, and a lively time tho rut was having. When Jim thought 10 linlsli iimttvra lie did. Ho made 11 tremendous wipe with n !! by 2 button, oyurbulnnccd hlmnolf and full heavily, having to bo carried inside. On examination it was found Jim had n nasty 8 ash in his knee, about live inchun long, anil cop 'down to tho bone, Dr. Ilohleu was hoou in attendance and dressed, tho wound, but it will be some time before thu sufferer will bo about ; and tho Forest crlukutora will mlea thalraaptaiu nt the practice pitch.— A little later on Joe Anthony win louding uouia colls of barbed wlro. on n dray when his hand slipped and caught on thu barb*, result ing in u jagged wound requiring medical aid in. the form of several stitchos.., Nuxt wo meet 10. Borradale with ' his oyu In a sliug ' going down to tho doctor to'hnvo some foreign matter taken out, whieh was suc cessfully accomplished, -What a' chapter of accidents. Dear I Dear I Did you over ! When to Cot Hay. Chops. — It is inter esting nnd useful tu mite thu various stages through which cereal plants arrive at matur ity (writes. ' ThistloJown ' iu 'Tho Aus tmliisinn '), and In knowing how to bo conduct harvesting mattors ns to get thu bc«t results. The tissues of a plant nro composed of myriads of culls or little huc3 of micro scopla sb.o, nuil nil ndlierliig ' together «o ns to form a continuous ? whnlo The walls of these culls arc compbmnl o£ a substance culled cellulose, which, in. its young state, is palat able to anlumls nnd digestible ; but ns It grows old tho amount: of water In its composition dcoronnes or Its carbon Increase*, nnd it takes. ou tho form nf nu indigestible fibre. As tho crop tends tu ripen there is more of this iudigustlblu food developed, so that dead-rlpo plants used ns foildor may have little moro nutriment in them thnn an equal weight of cawilnst, .Tho Interior of those cells in tho young stage is tilled up with vnrlous bodies of a nutritive kind, tho principal ef which are starch, sugar, nnd albuminous substance. In the young grow ing shoots tho cells nro full of these matorinls, nnd consequently it tho plants mu out than tlio fodder rondo nt this stage has the highest posslblo value. Thoy retain this high nutritive vnluo until the ears nro dovelopcd and tho plant flowers, It has then readied its full development in to bulk and food value us a whole, nnd ceases to increase in weight or to take iu any further food into its tissues. It is nt this stago that hay uhould bo cut, just when tho plants nro in ' full bloom ' nnd before they commence to ripen. . Webletan Metiiouibt Cuintoii. — The annual meetings of the Wcslcynn .Methodist Church, Moisoy District were commenced on Tuusdny November II, in tli.t Wodcyaii Church, Devonport Hunt, nt 2 p.m. All thu ministers of tho district were presont, viz., llov.' Win. Burridgo, Dovonport, chairman of tho district i Kuvs. 1). Anuimr, Westburyj J. May, Dolornina: T. G. Whito, 1. at robe: J. Stafford, Forth i W. 0. Edwards, Kentish bury s 19, U. Chappie, Emu Bny ; J. E. T. Green, Mount Bisoholf ; A. E. Gilford, Zeo lian. Tho usual inquiry into ministerial character wan mndo and satisfactory replies given. All the ministers who can mako satisfactory arrangements in their circuits have permission to attend conference. The sessions of the district meeting were coutinucd on Wednesday mornlni;. After tho UBiinl exorcises, the first business wns the oral examination of tho itcv. E. 1[. Chupplo by the chairman, nnd upon a favorable report being received of his trial' sermon ho wns unanimously recommended to bo received into full connection by n-!xt conference. Beports of the trial sormonn of tho Revs. J. E. T. Green nnd A. E.; Gilford were also received, and both were heartily recom mended to bo advanced another year In their probation. Tho financial district meeting commenced nt 2 p.m. when nil tho mlnlaters in tho distriot and a largo number of circuit officials were presont. Tho property re port was reoeived and ndoptcd, Thn report showed that good progress had been mado In tho distriot. Nino nnw churohos havo been, erected, and ono is in course of creation nt Ulvorstono. Improvements havo boon effeoted to tho amount of over £700. Tho congregation at Burnlo re ceived permission to build n church during tho year if found practicable, nubjcct to tho Loan Fund Oommittoo. Tho chairman stated that tbo sum of £11)3 was available for distribution to tho circuits. The grants wore nllottod as follows :— Lntrobn, £28 101.; Dulornlno, £38 ; Forth, £20 10/,; Kuntlsh bury, £28 10/.; Burnlo, £28. Tho general returns from all the clrouts were read, show Ing an iucrcasa oE membership although in some places an exodus had taken placo dur ing tho year. An earnest discussion ensued especially on Sunday School work. Tho meeting unanimously agreed that more dircot effort Bhould bo used to create a still deeper Interest in this very importnnt branch of church work. In order to further this it was resolved that a quarterly children's service be held in nil thu ohurclics ; if po« slbla, Bitch scrviso to take the place of the ordinary ono. Tho Bov. T. G. Whito was thanked for his energetic services ns scoretnry of tho Sunday School Union in Tasmania. Hearty votes of thanks were passed to tho chairman, Hov W. Uurrldgc; the secretary, Bov.T. G. White j ths assistant secretary, llov. W. 0. Edwards ; nnd to tho reporter, Rev. J. Stafford, for their services. After tho signing of the minutes by tho chairman, one of our best financial District Meetings eloscd by singing tho Doxology. — Communicated. [The above was accident ally omitted from two last issues, — Ed. ' W.T.'] ? 