, The iStory teller; I THE LUCK OF LOR RAINE. I(Bt tbr Aornon fir *' Sin Rookie's Want-,' * 44 Katiunk,' tfJC.) I- - (Cantiinirtt from WfAnttfta]?* hnut.) CHAPTER VIII.— (Oonffnnerf.) I (t wan a strange feeling, thai sense of lonoly, desolate freedom with wnioh Ina found herself outside her prison walla in the pale silver moonlight. Alone !— nol only in tho silence of the night, but alone in the world 1 fler only friends cut off ny me wans sne nan just scaiea; nor every link with the past — with even the momory of her aead mother— severed by the parting. But the one absorbing horror of the life destined for her, the eager desire for independence of Mich tyrannioal thraldom as Beatrice I'c Win* ten's, soon swallowed up every foeling, and she hurried on the familiar oath to the Roashore. It was one she knew well— one she had often traveled when going to bathe with her school fellows : hut everything looked so strange and weird in the pale light, that she kept starting at her own slight shadow ; while, ever and anon, she was fain to examine some land mark to satisfy herself that she was in the correct road. At length, hewever, the roar and plash of the sea removed all alarm on that score ; and in a few moments more she had turned the cliff, ahd was face to (ace with the mighty ocean. Ina knew and loved the sea well ; but it was with an irrepressible shudder that she gazed at ?lh-* lone, vast expanse, only broken by a few white sails fluttering in the distance like phan* torn ships in the Bilver light. There was, however, no possibility of yield ing to terror now; she had passed the Ilubieon ; she dared not recede ; and, flinging away the bundle, which had somewhat impeded her flight, into the next in-coming wave, she gave one gosping sigh, breathed one fervent prayer for strength and courage, and commenced anew her flight. But it was neither so easy nor so rapid now, Cor the shingly beach was difficult 1 and rough to her small feet, and the fear lest she might not get beyond the reach of dis covery, before the morning dawned, served but , to retard her progress. ? Her strength began to fail her, tried, as it had been, by the agitation, and fasting, and i sleeplessness ot the last few days and nights. If she were to give way altogether 3 If she i were to sink on the beach, and be found there, I only to be restored to her angry relative, and doomed to a yet closer imprisonment than had \ before threatened her ! The idea at once jui I peded and stimulated her efforts. The mind, I indeed, was strong, ana eager, ana aeierminca, but the delicate young frame ill seconded its dictates: and every moraont her legs grew more aching and weary, and her heart grew so aint and sick, that she could scarcely command the death like feeling that wax fast creeping over her veins. She dared not sit down, (or a kind of hopeless conviction that any such yield ing to weakness would be fatal, kept her on her weary war, and still the long expanse of shore seemed to grow lieforc her as she proceeded, and no sign that she was making any way to wards her destination cheered her sinking M If I could but see some shelter ! it 1 could but lie down,' she thought — ' lie down in safety ! Oh, it would he such a blessing !' Poor child, she hid never appreciated the full value of Her light hearted slumbers until now. ' It is too much.' she gasped, At length— ' too much. I cannot— I must die ! I wish I could! Oh, Therese, Therese, if you were here !' But, as if to rebuke the despairing young heart, at the very moment ot this abandonment of hope, sbe perceived the low roof and chim ney ot a fisher hut, nestling, as it were, in the very heart of the cleft of the rock, safe from the highest tides, and sheltered from the rough storms by that natural defence. It was a beacon which inspired a last effort of courage, and the girl drew a long breath, and renewed, with double speed, her difficult way. The imperfect light had deceived her, how ever. The distance was well-nigh as far again as she believed, and long before she reached tbe hut, her impetus was gone — her legs dragged wearily along, and it seemed doubtful whether she could ever manage to reach the haven of refuge. Step after step caaie slower and more heavy, till it was, perhaps, the very last me chanical, suffering effort which brought her to the door, and enabled her to give a dull, heavy knock, to demand admission. There was at first a dead silence, though Ina fancied she had seen a light in the casement as she approached. Then the girl knocked again —twice, thrice, with the energy of despair, till, just as the faint sound of steps, and a murmur of voices came on her ear, she sank senseless at the very threshold of the humble dwelling. ' 14 Why, wife ! — wife! look here! What in the name of Heaven, can this be ? It's like a ghost ! — it's not an omen of good, wife ! What shall we do?' And tbe superstitious son of theocean shrank back pale and terrified, before the snowy heap which lay in the darkness, like the crested foam of the waves. 44 You arc a coquiu — a fool, Jacques !' said a stout, comely woman, wearing the high Nor man cap and picturesque costume. *' Do spirits give such desperate knocks at wooden doors, as I heard with my own ears, long before your dull, stupid self ? There, help me, husband, for it's a woman, and a live one, or she could not have made all that noise,' The man was perhaps in even greater terror of his wife than of ten rereuan*, for he reluc tantly obeyed, and in a few moments Ina was raised from theground, by her rough but kindly nurses, and placed on the rude, low couch that formed their only bed. ' Poor child, how young and beautiful she is !*' said the woman, admiringly. ' She is so delicate and like a lady as the prefect's daugh ter herself. How could she wander here— at this time of night, I wonder?' ' There's something wrong in it, you may be certain, wife,' was the man's comment. ' She's no good, I'm sure/1 ' She's no evil any way, pet i to auffi4 that she looks,' slid the wife firmly. '* It's the sweet est face I ever saw, and if her eyes were but open, she'd be a beauty in my judgment. There, get me some water, bete that you are. Do you mean the child to die ?' And she busied herself in loosening the wraps, and chafing the cold little hands, till some warmth returned to the white lips. ' Give her a drop of cau de vie, wife ; it's worth all the water in the world,' answered the husband, handing a small bottle t ? his wife. ' She's done for, that's what it is, and wants bringing to.' For onoe, perhaps, Pierre was the best doc tor of the two \ for the exhausted girl did re* vive under the stimulating drops that wore poured cautiously down her throat, till at last some gasping sighs gave signs of life, and in another brief interval she opened her eyes, and looked round with a bewildered gave. 41 You're all safe, my dear. Don't be fright* encd : keep quiet, ' said the woman, sooth ingly. And Ina involuntarily closed her eyes once more, with the delicious yielding to overpower* ing languor. Bat, in a few minutes, the remembrance of her danger flashed upon her, and she started up with fresh energy. \ ?' I must go on,' she said ; ' I muat not stay here* I am better now. I am. well— quite well.' i But the faint glddtoess tbat ?atne over her . belied her words, and she was forced to lie 4 down again on the friendly support of theflook pillows, and obey the woman's orders to keep quiet, while she made her a oup of strong coffeo, that would soon bring her allrigbt again. ' And I will go and get the boat roady, wife. It will be time for me to be off, then ; and there'll be luok, maybe, on the holy day,' ob served the husband. 41 Oh, take me— take me, too 1 1 have money j I can pay you ; and I want to get to Jersey I' cried Ina, hurriedly. ' j mutt go there ; and if you have a boat, you can take me; and I would be so very — vory grateful I' And sho claBped her small hands so pitoously, and looked up in the worthy Marie's facc with s ich cagur ploading in her soft, gray eye*, (hat the woman's heart was fairly touched.' 11 My child, you are not fit to go anywhere just yet ; and besides, it's but a rough boat that my husband goes in -only fit for mon and fiBbes— that's the truth. And you are so young and dclicato, wo might well get into some troublo, anyhow.' 41 No, no —it is impossible ! No one can ever know — no one will even carc !' said the girl, frantically. 4- I am an orphan ! I have no one who oares for inc — no one I And they are un* kind and cruel, and only anxious to be rid of me ; and 1 would die rather than go bock to them more !' Madame Dufour looked doubtrully on the fair young fare. 44 Mademoiselle, do you know anyone else? Are you going to anyone in England, that makes you so anxious to get there ?' ' Alas — alnp ! no. I am alone and desolate,' replied Ina, the tears welling up again into her ey«s. 44 Then why do you leave your friends ?' asked the woman, more gently. 44 Because they do not love me ; I am a. trouble to tliniu ; they want to shut me up. I can work — 1 can support myself, but I cannot I will not go back. I would rather sink on the beach, and let the waves wash uic away,' exclaimed the girl, eagerly. 41 But, when you get to England—what then ?' was the nest dubious question. 'I can teach- -I can work. Everyone ib free and safe there, and my mother was English,' replied Ina, earnestly. ?4 Is she dead— poor child ?' ' I fear so — I do not know. It I could but And her 1 But everyone ha6 abandoned poor Ina,' said the girl, with a child-like self-pity. *' Every one hut Heaven, who will have pity on the orphan, if I trust Him.' ?* No-^no, poor child! I will not abandon you. I had a daughter once, who would have | been like von, if she had lived But she was too good for the like of us, and she was taken, j 1'ut, for her sake, I'll not desert you, poor j child. My Hcnriettc might have been an ; orphan among strangers, and I'd have blessed i those who helped her; and there's truth hi j your eyes, wa petite' I 44 Then you will help me— you will let mo I go !' cricd the girl, anxiously. I 44 What do you say, Pierre ? Can you take I the ptu n iv « nW»ir ?' asked Madame Pufeur, I turning to her husband. j 41 It's impossible. I'm not going so far to day. lt'6 too rough. I shall keep to the coast,1' was tbe gruff reply. 44 But I have money. I will give you what you like. I will give you a hundred francs,' said the girl, clasping her hands. 41 For the sake of your child —for pity's sake, do not refuse me. Monsieur, I will be so good ; I do not care for the rough sea— I will give you no trouble ; only take me — let me escape.' 44 A hundred francs 1— it's no bad day's work,' mused the man ; 44 more than I should make in a week by fishing. What do you say, wife ?' 41 1 say that yeu might do worse, husband. A good action will bring a blessing on it, and I do believe the poor child's tale. Let it be so, Pierre.' 'Well --well; a man has no chance ag inst two women,' replied the gruff fisherman. 44 If ? mademoiselle will mode it 125 francs, I'm her maii ; hut not to-day. I can't go in hoi' ilirec- j tion to-day.' i 44 And so much the better,' put in Marie. 44 She is not fit to go without rest You'd only faint again, mademoiselle, where there would be no one to help you. There, don't be fright ened. I'll take care of you in the meantime ; you can lie down a bit till you are rested, and then there's a plabe in the roof where they'd he puzzled to find you, any way, in case of need.' | 44 There's a moon,' observed the man, reflec tively, 44 and it gets up about midnight. ! There'll he plenty of time, if we start then, to take the young lady where she wants to go, and for me to be back again fishing by the usual time, and no one would suspect any thing. Would that do, mademoiselle?' 44 Yes — yes, and I will be grateful, oh ! so grateful to you,' cried Ina, fervently. ' I can never repay you : but, at least, I can never for get your kindness,' There was a little more interchange of mean ing words between the fisherman and his wife, and then Pierre departed to pursue his voca tion, while his wife devoted herself to Ina's comfort, in every way her simple discernment could suggest. (To be contittnr-i in Wednttday** ikiw.) 