ROLF BOLDREWOOD ON AUS- TRALIAN LITERATURE. The following paper by Mr. T. A. Browne (Rolfe Boldrewood) on "Heralds of Aus- tralian Literature" appears in the "transac- tions" of the Australian Association for the Advancement of Science :— Commencing with the best intentions, I fear that the task may prove over weighty for my powers of descrip- tive analysis. Australia ! birthplace of my soul, more loved than even my native land, thee and thine I claim to know ! But literature ! Mighty word ! Vast and ancient kingdom ! How shall I essay to explore thy boundless realms, thy dim and awful recesses, thy sacred fanes ? The simple expedient resorted to by Count Smorltork, of immortal memory, occurs to me. I look out Australia and Literature in the Encyclopædia Britannica, and combine the information. A difficulty, speaking more seriously, under which colonists have at all times laboured is to insert the idea into the British mind that their kinsfolk, their own flesh and blood, even though transplanted to a new land, and living under somewhat altered conditions, are really not essentially different from their august European rela- tions. Cælum non animum mutant, qui trans mare currunt was said of old by a keen observer of human nature, but English critics will have it that we have necessarily "suffered a sea change into something rich and strange," or otherwise. They will be- lieve anything but that their "kin beyond sea" have remained much the same Anglo- Saxons, Scots, and Hibernians that they were before they quitted Britain's shores. Nor will they believe that there can be diversity of "mind, body, or estate" among colonists. Still less, that there can be any unwholesome leaning towards the arts and sciences, suitable, even desirable, as such might be in old world communities. No ! every well-instructed English person knows that the daily duty of all colonists, without respect of persons, is to chop down the vast forests in which they dwell, to contend with the bushrangers and Indians, by whom they are naturally surrounded, to wage ceaseless war with the vast forces of nature , the wild beasts, and yet wilder tribes of men, among which their secluded existence has been cast. To think of such people groping blindly after the poet's frenzy, the scholar's triumph, the philosopher's deep dream was altogether too ludicrous. The prevailing sentiment was tersely, if not inelegantly, expressed in the English minister's historical answer to the Virginian planter complaining of some fan- cied injustice. "D——n your souls! Grow tobacco !" That summed up "the whole duty of man," of colonial man. Where did, where could literature " come in," to use the dramatic idiom of the day. Strange as it may appear to the untravelled Briton, literature has "come in," gum trees, bushrangers, droughts, and dingoes notwith- standing, and from a very early period in the history of Australia. The brooding mind of the poet, the quick insight of the romancer, the analytical brain of tin essayist, the keen memory of the historian, the wider per- severance of the searcher for scientific wealth have not been unrepresented among the earth subduers whom the swarming hives of the old world cast forth on the void, pale wastes of the new. Slowly, gradually, but distinct in form and hue, they arose, the sons of art and song, amid the din of march and camp, though standing, perhaps, somewhat aloof from the multitude of loftier stature and more august men. And who were they, in the dark, dreary days of a lonely outpost, so far across the restless main, when the fringe of arable land painfully won from the primeval forest yielded but a meagre subsist- ance to the deported labourers and their taskmasters ? First, in a sense foremost in every department of effort to which he addressed a grand intellect and a vigorous organisation, looms the majestic form of Wil- liam Chaeles Wentworth. An Australian of Australians he ! Proud of his colonial birth, his colonial possessions, and that colonial greatness which his prophetic poet soul had foreshadowed in this diminished son of soil we may, perhaps without undue tendency to gasconade, discern that complete development of the individual which the conflicts of a colonial arena tend to produce. Poet and statesman, advocate and patriot, explorer and pastoralist in every various occupation he was, in his own land, an acknowledged anax andron. Born at Nor- folk Island, a dependency of New South Wales, where his lather, Mr Darcy Went- worth, was Imperial surgeon, he was sent to England at the age of seven for his educa- tion. He returned to the colony in 1813. Scarcely arrived at manhood his ardent soul found fitting vent in the historic exploration of the transmontane region, until thin a terra incognita. With his heroic companions, Lieutenant Lawson and Mr Gregory Blax- land, he dared the dangers of the unknown waste ; with them returned, shoeless, starving, but successful. Threading the "horrible, hope- less, sultry dells "which lie between Katoomba and the boundless levels of the interior, they had discovered a track over barriers long re- garded as impassable. Along this mountain highway passed, in annual procession, the long-imprisoned flocks and herds to a region where they could increase and multiply un- checked, where the numbers to-day exceed sixty millions of sheep, and more than ten millions of cattle and horses. Having won his spurs, and fully approved his manhood in solving the riddle of the Desert Sphinx, Wentworth returned to Eng- land in 1816, and recommenced the literary course, which he never wholly abandoned. He matriculated at Cambridge, where he spent several years. In 1819 he published A Statistical, Historical, and Political De- scription of the Colony of New South Wales. In 1824 a third edition was requested. We may well believe in the utility of this work in dispelling the ignorance which then pre- vailed in England, and (may we add ?) still prevails to certain extent with respect to matters Australian. While a student at Cambridge he competed for the Chancellor's prize poem on "Australia." He was second among 25 competitors, but the prize was awarded to Mackworth Praed, afterwards a member of the House of Commons. Praed's poem is an elegant specimen of versification, but patently inferior in poetic force and nobility of treatment to that of the Aus- tralian, whose descriptive passages were drawn from knowledge and experience and whose ardent patriotism inspired him with the prevision of the Seer. The poem to which the Cambridge autho- rities awarded the prize might have been written by any student. It flows musically, like the brook murmuring along the meadows of an idyllic old world landscape. The other, faultless in cadence and rhythm, rolls majestically onward, bear- mg argosies of thought and classic treasure on its ocean billows, resonant with the rhythm of the southern main, heaving and seething unceasingly through the towering headlands of the great haven of the south. Rarely have the gods granted to the same man to be at once the daring explorer, and the poet-painter of the heroic past. Yet, this is one of Wentworth's exceptional achieve- ments, apostrophising the Southern Alpine Chain, the "Blue Mountains" of the colonist :— "Hail mighty ridge, that from thy azure brow Survey'st these fertile plains that stretch below, And look'st with careless unobservant eye As round thy waste the forked lightnings ply, And the loud thunders spring with hoarse re- bound From peak to peak and fill the welkin round With deafening voice till, with their boisterous play Fatigued, in muttering peals they steal away ; Parent of this deep stream, this awful flood That at thy feet its tributary mud, Like the famed Indian or Egyptian tide, Doth pay, but direful scatters woe beside — Vast Austral Giant of these rugged steeps, Within whose secret cells rich glittering heaps Thick-piled are doomed to sleep, till someone spy The hidden key that opes the treasury : How mute, how desolate thy stunted woods, How dread thy chasms where the eagle broods, How dark thy caves, how lone thy torrents roar As down thy cliffs precipitous they pour, Broke on our hearts when first with venturous tread We dared to rouse thee from thy mountain bed, Till, gained with toilsome step thy rocky heath, We spied the cheering smoke ascend beneath, And, as a meteor shoots across the night, The boundless champaign burst upon our sight, Till nearer seen, the beauteous landscape grew, Opening like Canaan on rapt Israel's view." In 1865 there died in Bathurst, in the 37th year of his age, one of the most brilliant men in the British dominions, a marvellous writer and speaker, a politician of great fore- sight. Truly an ill-fated son of genius, destined, like many of the sons of song to perish in "loneliness, want, and pain." He, like his friend and countryman Dalley, was an omnivorous reader, having in his more prosperous days at his house at Woolloo- mooloo a choice and extensive library, con- taming rare editions and choice collections of the works of Latin and Greek classics, as well as of the best French and Italian authors, rich also in English poetry, polemics, history, and the drama. Wide in his litererary excursions, faultless in memory and quota- tion, brilliant in execution, popular, patriotic, accredited ! Why should such a man fail ? Why perish in his prime ? Alas ! The name of Sir James Martin, late Chief Justice of New South Wales, is one which could not be passed over in any record of the literary personages of the day. This remark- able man was not born in Australia, but as he was brought to Sydney in his infancy, there received the whole of his education, and never quitted it afterwards, he may be regarded to all intents and purposes as an Australian. In common with Sir John Robert- son, William Forster Deniehy, and other men of mark, he received the more impor- tant part of his education at the Sydney Grammar School then known as the Sydney College, and under the head mastership of Mr. T. W. Cape, the Arnold of New South Wales. We find him there soon after 1834. He commenced his practice of the legal pro- fession, of which he was destined to become so distinguished an ornament in 1845. He contributed to the Atlas and Empire news- papers. In the year 1848 he began his political career, and was elected to represent Cook and Westmoreland. In 1856 he was appointed Attorney-General in the Adminis- tration of Mr., afterwards Sir, Charles Cowper. He came into office as Premier in 1863, and in 1873 he retired from Par- liament, and was appointed Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, which position he occupied until his death. His style of writing was not unlike that of his oratory — clear, concise, and effective. A sound classic, a good mathematician, a ready and powerful debater, there is little doubt had not his absorption in politics denied him literary leisure, that his writings would have furnished for him an enduring monument. A master of our Anglo-Saxon tongue, whether written or spoken, in purity of diction, in force, in the wide grasp of great subjects, no man of his day excelled him. In his many- sided literary career he made various tenta- tive efforts, comic, dramatic, prose, verse, fiction ; but the absorbing labours of political life left no leisure for purely literary effort. But few. if any, of these fragments are, I fancy, preserved. One of them, a serial in imitation of the early numbers of Pickwick, was an exceedingly clever production of its kind, more particularly as the work of a schoolboy. I may be pardoned for having named primarily those writers who, either by birth or rearing, were connected with New South Wales. But it will be seen that the children of the mother colony must necessarily, in order of seniority, take precedence of those of Tasmania, New Zealand and Victoria. In Sydney my boyhood's days were passed, and the men whom I have mentioned were personally known to me, the majority indeed, being schoolmates ; the dates given will prove how short a time elapsed after the dreary, and in some respects discouraging, foundation of the colony before the irre- pressible emanations from the sons of song commenced to irradiate the primeval forests. If I dwell upon this circumstance it is for the purpose of repeating the proposition that, given the ordi- nary environments of civilisation, any British community will exhibit the same personal differentiation of type, and evolve the same average of intellectual development. Of a later day than those last mentioned came Henry Clarence Kendall, a true-born Australian, the child of the southern sea- woods, intensely patriotic in feeling, and permeated with every poetic sentiment which an ardent imagination evolved from that "waste land where no one comes or hath come since the making of the world." He displays in his poems, perhaps, more of the characteristic flavour of Outre Mer than any other writer. To him was given to interpret the whispers of the rills trickling through the fern shaded glens of Orara, to behold the dread shape of the "Fever Sprite of Famine" who "Sits all the year time through Beyond the rainless Barwon, beyond the red Barcoo." He it was who listened in the summer mid- night under the burning stars of the South to the sad strange murmur of the forest oak, who mourned, weeping in the deep despair of the poet's heart, a broken heart ! "for that lost chord, that vanished dream, the song I cannot sing." Ere a few short years had passed, alas, "the lyre was broken, the minstrel gone !" Taking a chronological view of early Aus- tralian writers, we may for convenience sake, class them as the pre-auriferous section. They arose when Australia was strictly pastoral or agricultural, before the won- drous golden era, which was to change a colony into a nation, and to proclaim to the world a trans-Pacific treasure house of boundless wealth. This division is of un- portance, inasmuch as among the thronging thousands of adventurers who crossed the main, and dared the dangers of an unknown land, and a population presumably lawless, were four men whose names are in conse- quence of their literary work inspired of Australian conditions, known wherever the English language is spoken. I refer to Henry Kingsley, Marcus Clarke, Brunton Stephens, and Adam Lindsay Gordon. The golden lure attracted these strong spirits. They came to dig, they remained to write. An ironic fate refused them the treasure so bountifully bestowed upon the labourer, the idler, even the criminal, in the great gold lottery. For- tunately for us, for all posterity, hard necessity compelled them to transmute the undreamed of mental riches into permanent and negotiable wealth. "And the individual withers, And the world is more and more," was literally faithfully exemplified in the case of three out of four of the gifted quar- tet. Kingsley sleeps with his great kins- man in the old home of his race, which they both had so lovingly painted ; but above Clarke's and Gordon's graves bloom the wild flowers of that far south land, in which they, doubtless. confidently trusted to gather easily won wealth, and to quit with but scant regret. To each was it denied "One day to stand by the grey old grange While the children would gather all shy and strange As he entered the well- known door." Still, as long as Australians forget not the language of their forefathers, as long as Milton and Shakspeare are among the echoes of a bygone glorious day, so long will the memory of these men be left green amid Australian wastes by wood and wold. "While the stock are slowly stringing And 'Clancy rides behind them singing,' " be sure that "How we Beat the Favourite," "The Lay of Britomarte," "The Ride for the Wreck," or "The Sick Stockrider" will be among the chants. Long years will pass before more critical students will cease to measure the force and beauty of certain verses of the "Rhyme of Joyous Guard" with the Arthurian ballads of England's greatest poet. And from generation to generation, so long as in tale or in tradition lives the sombre legend of the historic prison-house of Port Arthur, so long as the storm waves of the moaning main beat against the rock walls of the Isle of the Dead, Tasmania will shudder over the horrors of those mouldering dungeons, and pilgrims mourn over the hapless fate of Rufus Dawes as they read that terribly re- lentless lurid record, His Natural Life. Mr. John Lang (not related to the distin- guished clergyman of that name) was one of the Sydney Grammar School pupils as far back as 1834. At an early age he began to exhibit exceptional ability. He was for- tunate in being able to go "home" (long may it be ere this good old synonym for Britain be discarded by Australians) and to be entered at an English university. There he took his degree, was admitted to the bar, and returned to Sydney with the intention of entering the political arena under the ægis of Mr. Wentworth. After a short experi- ence he decided to try his fortune at the Indian bar. An admirable linguist and admittedly brilliant advocate, he there acquired both fame and fortune, more than one of the latter it is said, but unfor- tunately dispersed almost as soon as made. He was connected at the time with one of the leading newspapers (The Englishman) He amused his leisure by writing novels, and a volume of sketches called Wanderings in India. This last is now out of print ; but I well remember several of the sketches. It resembles in originality and picturesque effect nothing so much in my opinion, as those wonderful creations of the grandest artist of to-day in that school of design, the splendidly meteoric Rudyard Kipling. His more completed productions, the Ex-Wife ; York, You're Wanted ; Will He Marry Her? and others, were in their day highly successful, being admirably true to the state of society which they purposed to describe. They all dealt with the men and manners of our Eastern empire. But in his most popular novel, The Forger's Wife, the scene is laid in Sydney m the old old days of transportation. It is a powerful, if occasionally painful, book. It sells even now in all the colonies and in England by the thousand, and, as is not uncommon in the history of authors and their best productions, no relative of the late Mr. Lang has beneficial interests in the copyright. The Hon. William Forster, ex-Agent- General for New South Wales, though to all intents and purposes an Australian, was one of those Englishmen who in their infancy came to Australia. Like his great contemporary Wentworth, he was the son of an Irish army surgeon, belonging on the mother's side to a race of Kentish squires. He adopted the fashionable pastoral profession on attaining manhood, and had his share of the dangers of the wilderness, though such were his strong literary proclivities, combined with so com- bative and critical a bent, that no circum- stances would have stopped him from in- tellectual conflict. His earlier literary efforts were directed against the ruling policy of the dat, and a jeu d'esprit published in the Atlas newspaper, entitled "The Devil and the Governor," is still remembered. Another satire, "The Genie and the Ghost," followed. In a later day he wrote poems which, though of high order, were hardly calculated to suit the popular taste. He deserted the domain of poetry in his later years for the more absorbing triumphs of party politics, where he obtained full recognition, alike by friend and foe, as — "In close fights a champion firm, In camps a leader sage." Of unchallenged integrity, of exact and pitiless logic, faultless in diction, elegant in versification the name of William Forster as author and critic, will always be associated with tin litei in niounicnl of his dm while his stendlnst idhi re nee to principle, his stubborn championship of abstract justice in every form, public or private, should serve as an exemplar and beacon light to latter-day politicians. William Bede Dalley was born in Sydney in 1S31. He was chiefly, indeed almost entirely, educated at the Grammar School, then known as the Sydney College. I shall always consider Dalley, whom 1 had the honour of knowing intimately, one of the most sur- prising instances of the uprising of genius amid circumstances not particularly favour- able, which this century has produced. Like Carlyle, his parents were of humble birth and station, neither having any pronounced tendency towards the pursuits in which their gifted son was destined so prominently to excel. Wonderful indeed must have been the natural capacity from which the sound, but not exceptional, method of education which he received produced such astonish- ing results As an orator, a poet, an essayist, a debater, a succès de salon, he was indeed almost unequalled ; as a barrister he took high rank. Poetical and imaginative, he yet filled the high office of Attorney-General without failure of the good sense and prac- tical knowledge in which the sons of genius are held to be deficient. The most charming of conversationalists, with a winning manner, refined, persuasive, delicately de- ferential, dignified by turns, there was no society, European or Australian, of which he was not fitted to be a distinguished member. His range of reading was widely comprehensive, his memory accurate and tenacious. He was an exceptionally good linguist, as well as an advanced classical scholar. As a Minister he will always be remembered in association with the memor- able Soudan expedition, through which for the first time Australia was enabled to repay in kind a portion of the lavish expenditure by which our infant nation had been fostered by their august motherland. Daniel Henry Deniehy was another of the brilliant coruscations fated to arise amid the sombre atmosphere of colonial life. Born in Sydney in 1828, he was fortunate, after having commenced his studies under a master who was a remarkable linguist, in continuing them at the Sydney College, then, as afterwards, famous for the imparting of a sound classical education. Unlike the majority of classical students, he still pur- sued his French and Italian studies, reading under his first teacher, Mr. Johnson. At the age of 15 he was taken by his parents to England, with the view of enter- ing the University of Oxford. But, for certain reasons, he was left in charge of a tutor. He found time and opportunity to visit his Irish relative. It was the eventful year of 1848, when, as was natural, he fell in with members of the Young Ireland Party, with whom he ever afterwards sympathised. On his return to Sydney he adopted the pro- fession of a solicitor and was articled to that modern Macænas, Mr. N. D. Stenhouse, the ever-generous patron of men of letters. Of course he became a contributor to the news- papers of the day. His sketches at once attracted attention from their unusual vigour and originality. During the winter of 1853, he delivered a series of lectures on "Modern Literature" in the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts. He was a brilliant speaker, and more than one of his speeches has been quoted as evi- dencing remarkable oratorical power com- bined with political insight. He was shortly afterwars returned to Parliament for Argyle, and in 1858 for West Macquarie. At the passing of the Electoral Reform Bill he with- drew from public life. In 1860 he became one of the proprietors of the Southern Cross, to which he contributed a number of essays and reviews on leading litterateurs. His essay on De Quincey has always been con- sidered a masterpiece of appreciative examination. In 1863 he went to Mel- bourne, where for nearly two years he con- ducted the Victorian, a political journal of decided policy. Like other promising ven- tures, the management was inferior to the literary talent. It failed, ruining the hopes and career of Deniehy, the lamp of whose life appeared to expire with the fated journal. In Henry Kingsley's great novel, Geeffrey Hamlyn, all genuine and conscientious critics must recognise the first, the finest Australian work of fiction worthy of the subject, of the great, the heroic subject of Australasian Colonisation. It was not his only triumph. In Ravenshoe we have a novel, chiefly drawn from English life, only inferior to those of the fraternal artist who produced Westward Ho and Hypatia. Brunton Stephens is a poet pure and simple. Few of his prose writings have come before the public. Measuring him with his contemporary singers, Gordon and Kendall, he must be acknowledged to be the most refined literary artist that Aus- tralia has ever inspired. His range is wide — from the exulted spirit soaring in the "Dark Companion" to the homely but irresistible comic sketches of "The Chinese Cook" and "To a Black Gin" and "Marsupial Bill." His forecast of "The Dominion of Australia" has an exquisite delicacy of tone and treatment almost un- equalled in poetic prophecy. For close con- nection with our national destiny, joined to a faultless harmony, the opening verses stand unrivalled. Brunton Stephens still lives to make good our boast of the posses- sion of an Australian poet of the highest order, worthy of that niche in the Temple of Fame, which, however exalted, we trust he may long delay to fill. May he enjoy the leisure to produce yet later works worthy of his fame and long consecrate his muse to the sacred mysteries, viewless, save to the poets eye, of the land of his adoption. And now I beg to humble myself in all sincerity and ask pardon of the fairer portion of my hearers for having so long delayed to make mention of the literary work, in quality and class not below that of the preceding names referred to, performed by the women of Australia. Considering all things it is not perhaps strange, but it is curiously coinci- dent, that, addressing as I do a Tasmanian audience to-day, it should be made apparent that to that colony the world owes the larger part of the authoresses that have gained European reputation. For the most charm- ing sketches of country life that ever came from pen since the days of Miss Milford we are indebted to Mrs. Meredith — clarum et venerabile nomen — as well as the most life- like artistic presentment of the plant life of her adopted land, interwoven with poems as delicately bright as the flowers they em- balmed. The second place in Tasmanian literary work must be given to the lady whose well-known nom de plume is "Tasma." Her works of fiction illustrate with fidelity the social life of Aus- tralia in a style of classical conception md finish hardly approached by any novelist of the day. It would be no extravagant lauda- tion to refer to her as the Australian "George Elliot." And, indeed, whether it be due to the unequalled climate and the charming scenery of tour beautiful island, combined with more Arcadian conditions of life than obtain in Australasia, it is incontestable that the palm of female literary eminence must be awarded to Tasmania. For, in addition to the two names which I have first on the list, we have Mrs. Humphrey Ward, the authoress of that remarkable book, Robert Elsmere, which, whatever may be thought of its religious tendency, has been more widely read than any other novel of the day. The beauty of the style equals the absorbing interest of the story. Mrs. Ward was, I believe, born and chiefly educated in Tasmania, and therefore may be fairly claimed as a Tasmanian authoress. Another distinguished dame, whose novels have received the hall-mark of Imperial approbation, Mrs Campbell Praed, may be placed amid the Tasmanian galaxy. Speaking of this lady's works, I may give it as my opinion that no woman ever thoroughly mastered the vernacular, the true significance, as well as the dramatic aspects of the wilder pastoral life as she has done. She is far from the land of her childhood now, and her ex- periences have been considerably expanded, but she still continues to please her readers at home and abroad. Her reputation, like that of her sister authoress "Tasma," is European. And now to this "group of noble dames," all of Tasmanian birth or nurture, another must be added. (Really it seems to me that Section I., so far from being untimely slain by its cruel step-sister Science, ought to be retained, if only in the interests of the literary womanhood of Tasmania, so pre- eminent in the past and destined doubtless for greater triumphs in the future.) I must not further delay to mention the name of Mona Caird, the authoress of that truly re- markable article in a leading renew, entitled "Is Marriage a Failure ?" I wonder if it would come within the regulation of this august society to put the question to the meeting — highly representative assembly as it is. Would the "ayes" or the "noes" have it ? A momentous question, truly !It is needless to say) speaking as a Bene- dict of experience — of happy experience — that I am not in sympathy with the authoress's views, though I may admire the force and logic with which she presents her arguments. Her novel, the Wing of Azrael, beginning in misery and end- ing in suicide, is scarcely a pleasing contribu- tion to literature, though none can deny its talent as a composition. Reverting to the marriage question — how fascinating it is, has been, and will be ! I may venture to interpo- late the information (this being the I section) as my predecessor has discovered, that if he had not been fortunate enough to have been married the present speaker would never have had a book to his name, and thus pro- bably would not have received the honour of addressing you to-day. Not, indeed that other Australian colonies have failed to produce Unas and Britomarts worthily pre-eminent in the battle of literary life. But when we consider that the distinguished lady of whom we first spoke commenced her literary career full half a century since, it seems patent that the place of honour should be accorded to her. Coming to later days, and another colony, I feel confident that a large propor- tion of my hearers are now reminded of the works of the lady whose name in literature is " Ada Cambridge." The right to stand in the front rank of Australian writers must always be readily granted to her. Her novels, written with clearness, accuracy of local colouring, and a method at once picturesque and conscientious, are no doubt familiar to most of you. Her poems, of which a small volume has been published, and which I regret not having with me today, have re- ceived the stamp of approval from high literary authorities among the reviewing magnates of Britain. In them will be found the deep thoughtfulness, occasionally of a sombre cast, the ardent aspirations, and the daring unconventional suggestiveness which marked the writings of the great Bronte sisters. Her minor pieces display an inborn love of nature, combined with unusual power of almost pre-Raphaelite description. The time would fail me were I to refer at greater length in this paper to ladies in other colonies who have added lustre to the diadem of Australian literature. The late Mrs. Heron, of New South Wales, whose works were always admirable in taste and execution, was, from circumstances, chiefly ephemeral, and thus is in danger of being lost to the readers of a succeeding generation. Mrs. Foote, of Queensland, whose pathetic ballad, "Where the Pelican Builds Her Nest," has the true flavour of Australia Deserta — " The horses were ready, the rails were down, But the riders lingered still ; One had a word of farewell to say, The other his pipe to fill." It will always stir the hearts of the dwellers in the Waste, and in days to come, when such things are of the storied past, many an Australian maid will think sadly of the brave brothers lying dead beside their horses in the mysterious drought-stricken solitudes of the "Never Never Country." I must mention, too, the name of Mrs Martin, of Adelaide, whose remarkable novel, An Australian Girl, is well known in many an English home, and may serve to dispel the prejudices created by that ingeniously venomous and spitefully false production, A Bride from the Bush. In conclusion, I shall merely record my conviction that from the rising talent of Australia worthy contributors to every de- partment of literature may be confidently predicted. 