y, anncr IT. ISowsiag SlAow CjittleJ: ;; t j- Comfortable and roomy quarters are es sential in preparing cattle for ahotr. Stall feeding is not the best fly stem for show animals. Clean well-haired beasts do not usually come out of stalls, ireriecuon in coat is a difficult point tdattain, but when: _it iB accomplished it goes a long way in : favor of, the animal possessing it. ; It iB, indeed, a rare possession, only a very few- of the cattle Shown at even our national showb being perfect in their coats. Inordinary fattening for the butcher, stall-feeding is no1 dofibt as good as any other plan, but for slibW purposes laying on 'flesh is not the only point aimed at— the after health, and bloom of the animal has to be considered. It takes a full year, sometimes more, to fit cattle for the show, yard, and to confine the animals by the head or neck for that period is not the way to accomplish the desired end. F reedom to move about, or lie down clean and com-, fortable, can only be afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. The superficial area required from the calf to the aged bull will range from 50 to 200 feet, ac cording to the amount of put-door exercise available, and in the house each beast re quires from 650 feet to 800 cubic feet of breathing space. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may be very closely confined superficially for the period of one year without injury to their health ; but there are more breeding animals ruined from want of room or exercise; than from over-feeding. It is very hard to injure a! horse by high feeding when the work is heavy, and the same law applies to cattle. Moderate exercise at the expense of a certain waste of food is. good economy. ! Temperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animal ranges .from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo meter in the barn will indicate tbe tem perature, and the nearer it averages the normal Keatof the animal the greater the! economy of the food consumed. When the outside atmosphere varies! from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weather the heat of the byre can be raised by closed doors and ventila tors, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the same air, the health of the animal is endangered. All under-currents or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should tbe upper or roof ventilators be entirely closed. I im pure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right construc tion, will both allow the exit and entrance : ; of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In- hot .days the. doors can be opened, or' partly sb, as the thermometer will instruct; .and after -that the only means of cooling"! the air is by refrigeration; which, of course, ; Would cost too much to admit of its use in. cattle-feeding. The best that can be done-, is to have the byres or sheds properly vpn- tiiatpd and equally free from draughts,- : 'which will: allow 0f alteration when neces- , sary. An excess of light under cover is to be ..avoideij.. invthe, case, of fattening cattle.; Y-euriggrowinoatUe intended for breed ing. purpose's ?cannot very, ."well have too much suri and light-, but the1 rays of the ,sun are-only , : valuable; to; the cattle-feeder /when the Temperature <if the atmosphere 'is "low-. After the surrounding air become! heated the direct rays: 'of/ the sun can be: .,dikpeiiiBed. with... 3?h6re is, however, no- art'kfi'ibial lieqitr'eucli" as we provide, -with shelter, clothing, . and. fires, equal to the sunheat for health giving properties. We can produce a greater heat than we derive from the sun, but in the means we employ : to attain it the air is certain to' become more or less vitiated. When we get light and heat .fro4 the sun it is pure and gen- ! uihe, altogether different from, anything we can manufacture. . This is the, reason why the lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one raised in house with the aid of the stoT ' Shying. Horses ajre;-';Near-Sight'eai-- "AVhy it is tliat shying in "hbnies'suduTjr; he set down to an" ugly disposition I don't know, ".said a prominent veterinary' surgeon: "i It must be becaiise horsemen' don't know wha!t else to lay it to. ' The fact is tbat ;it is seldomimet with -'unless1 the horse is near sighted. I have tested scores of shying horses for near sightedness, and in nearly all caseB found'what I expected. And now when I am asked to give point3 on buying bones I give this as biie .of - th'e requisites Never buy a| horse -that is' near-sighted. There are, how ever, two exceptions, to 'this irule.' . If. the 1 horse is to have a' mate, then it doesn't make ahy difference about the1 sight. .One ljor.se. can go blind if the other is clear-sighted'., .If the horse.is to be used for.riding to s.addle be careful that he is not near- sighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. . "The reason why a near- sighted horse shie9;i8 very simple," the 'surgeon continued. ,4 Of all animals the horse is the most gentle, aijdeyen timid. He sees a strange object, antThis susceptible mind magnifies i.t irito. a "taprister tbat is going to destroy him. !A piece of -white paper in the 'roadside 'at night ;s a ghost, and an. old. waggon in the ditch., is a dragon. Every horseman knows; that . if i:yc»u drive the animal close to the dreadful ; objhet the animal cools down at oncp. It iB supposed that it is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object.: That is true but not in the' sense in which it is generally understood. The . animal has. not been able to see it from a distance. He! is ' near-sighted.. Horses and Their Privers — It has often occurred to me that the utility ; and age of horses - are seriously affected- ; a,nd shortened by , the thoughtless action! Cf dri vers, : Tt is biit too common a practice," when ai boTse is rising a hill, or when, perhaps, ii) the middle of a hill, for a driver to makcasudden slash with the whip. This, with a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden bound in re sponse to the unexpected call upon its powers, possibly .powers that were at the time at the ;fiikt!rcnie.Mmit of tension. Apply this test fp. a human being),, and anyone would naturally infer that its1 general effect w'o.uld result'" in rupture; greater or": less"; of internal organs, or sprain "of some 'joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is con tinued-day after day tbe year throughout? \- Under such circumstances, the wonder is that ;! any horse escapes serious injury, and we may' naturally infer that- a large proportion of horses arc thus rendered com paratively value less,' and their lives shortened. With, a horse drawing a load, whether in conveyance, cart, or . saddle, any. call for greater! exertion should be'made what I may call gradually, tht is. the animal should first be made awarc: of what is required from it by the voice pre ceding the whio.-and not the whip the voice. Buying Curios in China — Later ex perience taughC" us that' the curio man asks about five times as much as he is prepared to accept for bis wares. Making a choice and getting your man into a prope/frame ofi mind to see -as you -do, as regards hiB profit, in-.. . telligently occupies about one-half " (if the cultured diplomat's time! The curio chosen) the' first thing to do is to take your map into the house, separating him from hia: .fptjipivs that be may not have their moral (fpufagb to uphold him. For the lot you make": your offer, he disdainfully refuses, and begins briskly packing up. When everything; is nearly stowed away, he ask3, as if there had never been any question of it before, 44 How much ?" You again offer, and with a long,:; drawn 14 No," he once more unpacks that he',: may tempt you. Seeing you remain firm and take po more, notice, of. him, with a tragic air . fie deposits thc.things at your feet and gives' you to understand he has made you a present . .of them ; ; that you are a hardened sinn/ef ; .it; baa cost him: his i'ife'B biood, but he had-no - choice. With ah I OH for the amount and a deep bow be has gone, and you find your self a collector im embryo with the coa dUe%»q"jBDnnijr clutching you. 