EYRE'S ACQUITTAL. Br HELEN MATHERS. PART I. CBAPTER V, Mr. Eyre locked and barred (he hall door upon tbe wnreherp, thou returned (o Iris wife's bedroom, and, closing tbe win dow, drew the enrtaine before it. i H*re llie murderer bad stood — What, ' Digges ? From here he must have 6een her asleep in the chair that stood midway bptween bed and window, beside it the dinmondfl whose wicked ehine in a dullard's eyes might bare lit the way lo bd unprin cipled, covetous woman beyond .... but the gardener Digges ? Dropping the curtain, Mr. Eyre ad vanced as though he were acting a part — how easy to aim one blow at yon sleeping ehnpe — to seize the diamond?, and escape by the open window—to hide them and retam, dragged by (be miserable power of the victim oyer its destroyer — to encounter Hester Clarke berrying from the sight upon which she had privily looked — to seize, and fasteo the guilt upon her, 6he keeping 6ilence throughout her trial, knowing that a word would Bare her j Digges , the murderer .... mechunically he turned to a cabinet that stood ne; r him, and opened a certain drawer — then brought the light, amTstood looking down fixedly on a dim outline traced upon the wood withiu. Here the knife hod lain that was after wards found in Hester Clarke's possession ; bat who bad placcd it there, and did the same hand remove it ? He lifted his own, and, as one who makes an experiment, stretched il towards the cabinet; his will making imperious question of his mind, ! as though he would wrest from it some 6ecrot that had been acquired against bis , knowledge, nnd must be forced to yield op | to his command. But force of will would not onbar that hidden chamber of his Mini, locked even against himself, whose keys he had lost, and his friend fonnd. 1 God forgive you /' Frank had written, when he had left Mr. Eyre's sick bed to set t-nt on bis journey. illenow the trvth .* The troth .... unless brain, car, and eye ir.nr-ked Air. Eyre io-nieht, he knew that tlic cine held in F»ank*s dead band, out yonder, was worthies-; thai the mys tery of Madcap's death was for ever solved, and liimt-elf the sport of an illusion that had made the opporlt nity of a clown. Hesier innocent — for (bo gnrdcnePs overboard words cleared her of guilt— -arid he, that poor worn), that clod, guilty. A : fierce srnse of meann'ss of the instrument, that hud compopsi d so great a criitic alone Tnored Mr. Eyro's soul nfi, in th»t silent chamber, be realised in hi6 own bitter, blai'k mistake. Come with we now to the 6torming of ! tbe tranches before Sebastopol — see a sonny-haired young fellow leading hie men on ... . 6eo him struck by a cannon-hall and reel from his saddle, while his followers trample him beneath their feel bb they rush onward to victory .... see how, amid a storm of shot and shell, a man rnshes forward, and, lifting that yet warm body up, bears it away to a place of safety, where he tears aside the scarlet coat, only to nnd thai ine heart beneath is Rtm— -the heart that holds the lost clae to Madcap's death I * Silent, with closed lips, unconscious of bravery, 1 so young lh$t his mother in heaven conld not hare foigotten his ]ike-- ness yet, the soldier lay— beaten in the fight, hut with a gleam of victory seining athwart his wide-opened blue eyes and shattered feotnres that, lo one who loved him, mijcht hav-- seemed more nnbly beau tiful than the glance thut had hern his in life. Yet sir enemy rather than irinid, Mr. Eyre lilted that lifeless lody, and gently laid it down. Ho and the man belore him had been comrades, sworn to one canRp, and it had been uo pnrt of Mr. Eyre's scheme that either should die before it was won. No pity for that gallant faie stirred him— no memory of bow he had lovtd his friend, and stolen his Madcap from him softened his hear) ; only a bleak and u bitter rage filled his t-oal that, after three long years of pursuit, in which he had waBted the whole forces of his braiu and body, he had at last con e -ip. with tbe pursued to find him — dead. 1 He should have been shot through the heart as a deserter, not buried us a hero.' Mr. Eyre thought, as he folded his cloak across Frank and left him alone in the rude but, while he himself went lo search for those proofs of Lord Lovel's identify thut be innfit take with bim to Lovel when he bore the body home for burial. Uc carried his life in his liand that right; bur, as if he had been Belial's self, i\o harm touched him, and day was break* ing when he found Frank's Colon* 1 — dying —hut able to recognise Mr. ISyrens an old friend, and lo answer his questions about Frank. Lord Lovel had joined- recently, and seemed lo court death. Uu bad confided to him, a few days previously, a packet of paper* that he desired might be flent to Mr. Eyrp if he fell. These papers wi*re on the dying man's body at that moment, and us Mr. Eyre drew them from above his heart a fierce throh of 'hope animated him; for here, perhaps, Frank, though dead, spoke to him the trnlh. As he -lore them open, the dying man suddenly cried out, 4 lias anyone seen Melhncn? Take coro i here's no misiake . . , their own, mothers couldn't tell' . . . then died, with the unfinished sentence on 1 ' his lipp. A withered lunch of flowers ... a lade ! ribbon ... a pnle photograph of a I girl's facefbideonl of sunshine . . . half-! a-dozen totters written in childish letters, nnd signed 1 yotor^ittle sweetheart,. Mad cap1 , , , oneortwo note*, of which the ink was fresMi% and the tonesedater, with the name ct ' Eyre' added lo that of ' Mad cap' . . . these and no more. Not a word to 'iris friend— not a syllable to call back tbe awfal burden be had laid upon him . . . and as, later, Mr. Eyre stood looking down upon that shrouded' clay, he conld have spurned it with his foot in loathing. When .the rnde coffin had been trade ! ready, Mr. Eyre and his dead man set ont for home, bis mind a sullen-blank, that last stage of the impotent rebellion against God that had for three years consumed him. iii Frauk'e name, ho telegraphed to Lorel news of his own death, certain that Josephine wonld immediately comrounicatc the news to Hester, so that he wonld pro bably find tbe two women together on his arrival. No matter what hidden clue Frank bad held, in bis soul Mr. Eyre knew Hester Clarke to be guilty ; and it was with tbe implacable determination to con vict her yet, that be had approached his bouse that night expecting to find her within it. And on his very threshold he had been met by this sordid reading of the tragedy ; a mere cine to which had made him a wanderer on the face of the earth for three long years, a clue that had made him pnt | even Hester aside as one to be dealt with later, and now if Digges or Josephine were guilty — but wliot waste of time lo speculate, when by that hour of the follow ing day the man would be in the hands of justice, and probably his confession made. But n& a side-thought will sweep a man out of the track of sober fact, and bid tragedy itself pause while he dallies with a folly, so Mr. Eyre'6 mind started off at a tangent to Madcap, and rested there, just as a mariner in drowning looks up to the patch of hlnc above him. So the darkened garden, and a young girl stepping back wards down a ladder, as, aloud, she counted the plumB on the garden-wall. j Anon he saw the same young shape (hut | three months older) pitting beneath the white plume of a thorn, whose blossoms were no paler than her cheeks, till a step j on the turf made her tnm, and the next' moment two gentle arms, arms that : trembled, but did not doubt, were round his neck. . . A trysting-place (six honrs later), to which a young shape in a white gown came stealing — all her worldly goods i tied up in her pocket-handkerchief, and nothing in life to keep her warm but her ! lover's anna. . . A hurried marriage, at I and then six years of such happiness as might make a wicked man in love with virtue, and look back with loathing on the pleasures he had fonnd in sin. And those arms had held her fast and safe through those six short, happy years — ny, and made to her so sure a haven that dreamlessly she had sunk to her last rest in them, knowing ueither fear nor pain so long as they were closed ahont her— yea, and even in (he moment of death knew no pang, but callad it the happiest moment of her life. She had been happy to tho last— exul- tantly in that lonely chamber. Mr. Eyre lifted his brows to Heaven, and cried aloud. that no matter what his suffering, sin, and shame be, she had never suffered. Suddenly he rose, and stretching out his hands towards the empty bed, called wildly and passionately, ' Madcap V The starved cry rang through the silent house as, pierced through all his armoury by that lining thonght of her, the strong man awakened for the first time to the full desolation of his miserable lot. Hark ! what was that ? A movement rkher than a sound that stole through the empty place .... then a faint siir as ?of sonu'lhmg that approached waveringly and with many halts, til! gradually the faint, pnltering sound as of a child'e hnrc feet upon polished boards drew nearer and nearer, till, on the threshold of Madcap'* chamber, they paosed as though in fear or doubt. Through the fierce wrestle of his bodily weakness with the power that ci u-h sd him, these footstep sonnded but faintly, nor when a gentle hand pushed the door open, aud a little Rhape stood on ihe thres hold, did he move or turn, till, feeling something approach him, he lore his hand from hit) eyes, and angrily pointed to the door. Who was it that dare intrude on lnm thus 7 He looked, hat at first saw noth ing ; then downwards, and saw closo be side him a child no higher than his knee. 'Go!' he said, once more lifting his hand in ihe fierce gesture of dismissal that Madcap's children hud so invariably obeyed. But the harsh look that aped like a blow, fell faltering, for what was this ? Did he not know thi* face by heart — its pyes — it6 lips — the very sunshine of its glance, aye, the very dimples in lips and cheeks— the same bright hair tbat had so often curled about his hand ? this conld not be Josephine child ? Unconsciously he sank to his knees, 6bc lookiug at him earnestly, then,, with one of those angelic instincts of pity that will move a little child's heart to the compre hension of a tragedy it cannot hvoto, and with no fear of lhol terrible face above her, Bhe lifted a dimpled hand to his neck, and left ii there. 1 Is 'oo miserhul V she said in her ten der little voire, then finding something in his face that satisfied her,' pnt her other arm ronnd his neck, and guve him that first, beat, purest gift earth can afford— a child's unhidden kiss. Ho received il as if he were stone ...... How hm^ ago wan it sinca anyone had kissed him? Then, putting herefrom him m harshly thnt any but uchild^ would huw been startled into the belief thai he was angry, cried, ' What iR your namef * I'se Madcap,' alio ' km id, and laughed aloud in tbe desolate chandler .... and then Mr. Eyro knew how Iwtwixl him m-d G-id had passed the tdijfid of n little child. Hero was Mndcnp'ri mixture JO him from the grave — scut to him in liU darkest loneliest hour ; here in his grasp was thai divinest link between God and timu — th^ hand uf a little child. Here, in the very moment that bis life fcad practically come to a full atop, was a heart put into it ? .Aye! but through which to suffer, to be made to re member dead sins . . . though he knew it not, was not here his punishment, the instrument by wbich his stubborn soul was to be brought to submission? M ench thought touched him as he bowed his head on the little innocent breast that took him with all its sins upon it, and neither questioning, nor doubting, knew only that he was in trouble, and tbat be was her friend. \- ( Can't find Joey anywhere,' she 68id, shaking the bright bead that rested on Mr. Eyre's raven locks, 'and 1 -fon'i-1ike being left all by my lone self — has 'oo come to 6 top ?' 6be added suddenly. 'Yes!' I ' What's 'oo name.' 1 1 1 am your father.' ' 0 ! no,' 6aid the child, looking at him ' with grave, lovely eyes^-1 Daddy's dead —Joey said so this pfternoon — they're going to pat him in the cold, cold pit to morrow — poor Daddy 1* She ahivred a little as she said it, as if chill or afraid ; and, as though it had been his Madcap's body that his own careless ness had put in danger, Mr. Eyre lifted the child, and, wrapping her 4a£his cloak, carried her to the bed, and jald her down upon it. She fell asleep soon, with her hand in his, and a shower of bright hair falling o*erboth .... and so the morning found them .... a child wrapped in a man's grey cloak, and a man who slept with his arm thrown aronnd her, as thongh, even in his slumbers, he might watch oter the one treasure that, in the shipwreck of his life, had been cast up from the v$ry deeps at his febt. CHAPTER Vt By eight o'clock came riding in hot I speed Colonel Busby, a magistrate of the | neighbourhood, and the most pestilential j busybody within it. I But when he came to the vast hall, whose lofty ceiling was still in gloom, j while the light from the stained-glass win dows fell but faintly on Lord Lovel's un covered face, upon which, as yet, no change had come, with such incredible rapidity hai Mr. Eyre bronght him home, involun tarily he bared his head, and, coming to the side of the coffin, looked down with a real impulse of soriow on the young fellow's face. How well he remembered Frank Lorel in life, and how nobly he had taken-on himsilf Mr. Eyre's sins; and now the one lay dead, while the other lived and flou rished, ripening, perhaps, for some new crime, and defying alike the justice of God aud tl-e opinion of man. The busybody had come in war, secretly suspecting some mystery about Frank's death, but outwardly to demand by what right Mr. Eyre commanded the young mans grave lo be dug, and tbe burial to take place, before the process of identifica tion had been gone through,' or the heir and his advisers summoned. Bat at firat oue, then another came in, those jvho had loted him, those who had blamed him; yen, and those who had pitied while tlwy honoured him. All these, I say, as lh-=-y wept, knew him ; and as the hour* wore on, and more and more per.ple gathered, Frank lay in state, however hnmMe, nnd was a hero, so that 6trong iin n wept for the thought of the manner of his death, and the women for the glimpse of the stain on his scarlet coat, above which. his hands rested so quietly, their work 'being done. Last of all came Mr. Eyre, nnd, without looking at those around, stood gaging down upon him, and might have spoken that most exquisite farewell which, oi ce addressed lo Lancelot, has never been matched in human language. Vast aud sinuwy as a gladiator of Rome, with a dark, stem face tipon which th.- fires of over foriy years had legibly left their mark, Mr. Eyre stood like a second Saul among those around, too nrffliront nf their presence to defy theui. Those around thought his face hardened as he looked down on his dead friend ; bnt his lips moved neither in blessing nor cursing, and none could have told whether the stern restraint ol pain or the callous* ness of hatred held him motionless daring the minutes that he stood beside him. * When at last he moved, it was with the old firm step and air of command, so thai, involuntarily, the women aronnd curtseyed and the men pulled each hi3 forelock, ashamed of their doubts of him, for JobV love had cleared the way for Mr. Eyre, and none durst suspect him of harm to Lord Lovel now. Colonel Busby, whose keen eyes had never left Mr. Eyre's face since tie entered, hnrried out after him, and overtook him as he entered one of the avenues. ( Yon Beem out of breath,' said Mr. Eyre, by way of greeting to a man he had not met these three year*, and without offering his hand..' ' I am,' said Colonel Bushy, who, being extremely short and stout, resembled nothing so much as a gasping frog 1 * hut that telegram, Eyre— ituinst be seen .into. Whnt gross cardessnefts on the part of the Post Office people— it gave everyone such a shock to he«r — to hear ? ?' 'That I'm alive, \said Mr. .fciyre; ' ex- actly — it must have been a gnat blow to you 'after the telegram.' '* 'Well, well,' said Colonel Bushy, colour ing violently ; 4 it's a sad thing you know — iKior young fellow — but foriunatb Von weru there to hriug-him home. Odd, too, as' I mipjiose you were not fighting your self?' : Not I,' -iaid Mr. ISyrn, careleasly ; 4 it was a mere chance my finding him.1 4 And yet you're -iieen together these' three years ?* Mtid.Colouel Bubliy, his in veterate curiosity not to be checked by the fact that all this tiuie Mr. Eyre was walk ing away from him down the avenue. f - ( Have we?' said Mr. Eyre, indifferently.; ' then I suppose we're both dumb, {olr^I have not exchanged a syllable wilh.binr since 1 left Lovel.' The little man gasped with amazement and lack of breath as he tried to koep- up with Mr. Eyre's long stride, but tho'^'kilj moment said. ' ' Then about that poor woman, £yj$tofa what a fearful blunderyon made — lout of a gardener goilty after all,' 'Ah! by-the-way,' said Mr. pausing suddenly in his walk, 'bave.^oo' heard anything about the woman — hasshe been seen in the neighbourhood during my absence f Yon 6ee I look to you fifrlpU the gossip.* ff**' ' Ab a magistrate,' said the Cc$!W!, puffing himself out, 'lam compelled to take cognizance of matters that do not come nnder the beading of gossip. I have certainly made it my business to inquire about this unhappy and persecuted woman* ' By whom persecuted V said Mr. Eyre. t To do Coloqel Busby jnstice, he was no coward, and now be looked Mr. Eyre full in the face. 'By yon,' he said, with a touch of dignity, not even to be marred by his absurd appearoncc. ' It was an inhuman persecution, since you conld not have be* iicved in her guilt.' 'Pshaw!' said Mr. Byre frowning; ' but I won't quarrel with you — there is no railing in an allowed fool — and for the first time in my life, I find your convcsa tion interesting. And pray whom did you think guilty ?' 'Well,' 6aid Busby, hesitating for a moment, bnt hardened by that allusion to his folly, ' it was generally considered that you ought to bave changed places with the woman, and been tried for it 'yourself — bnt being a fool, I only repeat what was of common report,' ' And what i6 your own opinion?1 said Mr. Eyre, grimly. 4 What my opinion was matters little now that there is not a shadow of doubt yonr gardener is guilty,' said Colonel Bushy, stiffly. ' Don't alter yonr opinion on that score,* 6aid Mr. Eyre, carelessly. 'I'm not at all sore that either of them did it — if so, the woman Clarke was accessory to the crime, and deserved hanging. Now that I have done with Lord Lovel, T must hove her found— l're been too bosy to think of her these three years. ' Too will remain here ?' said Colonel Busby, curiosity mastering dignity. : ' To be sure,' said Mr. Eyre f ' I have fonnd new ties (he laughed) tbat will keep me here awhile— and there are Lord IiOwel's affairs to arrange ; the -new heir is a mere lad, and I am his guardian.1 ! '.Colonel Busby opened his mouth, bnt | no sound came ; for once wonder silence J | | Ilitu. ' New ties ' — what are they ? Mr. Eyre guardian to the young heir-— /ie— this man j pre-eminent in evil,Vhocarried things with as high a hand in deleft* as victory ? ' By-thc way,' said Mr. Eyre, 1 1 heard onniething about your coming over to have Lord Lovel's coffin opened— did you think 1 had killed him, too ? ; 'The proceedings were informal- irregu- lar,' said Colonel Busby, stiffly ; ' his next of kin should have been asked to the faneral, which, I am told, you have fixed for to-morrow.' . 'Not I,' said Mr. Eyre, 'but for next day. Yon'll see the heir safp^j^li^and no doubt the lawyer — and ihe^eit^of ^era/ 'It must be a great relief Id .you to know that you are not morally responsible for yonr wife's death,' said Colonel Bowby, gathering all his energies together lo im plant one poisoned shaft in Mr. Eyres inrnlnerahlo hide. ' Almost as great a one as lo know that I am not physically responsible,' said Mr. Eyre, grimly ; ' and now you had better run back to Mrs. Bushy, and retail your news— if any; yon have filled my budget with food for a week.' And Mr. Eyre wont on his way down one of the three avenues thnt were the glory of The Towers and the pride of the Lovels — avenues that branches like three apoke6 of a giant wheel from the very hall door, and gave endlesB variety to the out look. Mr. Eyre bad walked them in all seasons and all weathers, often with Madcap, oltener with Frank ; and he knew them in their every gradation of splendour. But ihiR morning he saw the aveune. in a new light, and, aB it happened, was in a mood to observe it. Dull and sodden as the day before had Ijeen, in the night the wind freshened, and by morning a gale had sprung up. The leaves of the trees, wasted to mere skele tons, danced in. their thousands to the keen wind that smote them this way and that, and prodnced (with the 6un shining throngh) an extraordinary vffect, and thinkiug that, be had never really seen wind before. As he watched, its wild fierce spirit en tered inio his hlood, aud with it his. own rose — :he was once more IrimBclf, and the past night of his self-abasement 'vanished (ike a dream : he had been out of sorts, fasting, and had conjured up thoughts thnt the brisk morning air dispersed. His interview with Colonel Busby had refreshed him ; his weapons might huve rusted, bnt | had not worn out ; and even as a (inspected ! murderer he conld hoi t his own yet. | And at the end of this avenne, that ran j straight a6 the crow flies to the foot of the I Red Hall, be would find somebody something ; and then the dance4 the whistle, the rush of the leaves and wind blended, held him no longer, and he went forward, beat only ou his own thoughts. Once he had gone thi6 way with Frauk and Madcap, and he had moved- beside them like a , ghost. Now he' 'walked the same path, living, and knowing that be yond any taking away of Frank or any other, *h-t.was his, had hcen always his to tho last^beat of her hcail; end even in dying had left hiui (»u- loth was she to leave him quiet) a lovely message in ber own image, that should reach and stay him in the first hour of physical and men tal weakness that he had ever known. He gave no backward thought to the dead now lying in the Towers. He had not forgiven bim, and never wonld, even though Madcap had loved the boy ; and to Mr. Eyre's own heart there had been no living soul (save her) so near to it as Frank Lovel. — 2b be continued . 