MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) The committal of Messrs, Davies, Millidge and Muntz has destroyed Sir Graham Berry's last present chance of securing the Agent-Generalship. Ministers always express themselves “anxious to do something for tho old man," but they foci lhut in tho face of that they cannot, and tho stormy petrels of tho proas are already shaking their wings in air and screeching warnings to tho Ministry that on no account must this bo permitted. Wo sent ono winged pigeon homo to repre sent us in tho person of Mr. Munro, who hud to bo recalled, It would bo most impolitic to send another who had been in•'inly instrumental in drawing English capital to tho bank, and whoso co-directors wore awaiting trial on aclmrgo of criminal fraud, Neither will tho idea of making any vagabond politician who chances to turn up in Loudon act as Agent-General do at all. Tho whole matter X fancy will now he hung up until Christmas or after. Our Minister of Lands, Mr. McIntyre, is in luck. Ho has boeu fortunate enough to secure tho services of Mr. George Ay loan as his secretary on his New Zealand tour. Going over I'll hot George will make that steamboat so lively that the passengers will be sorry to quit it, and with bim a* companion Mr. McIntyre will have a delightful time amid tho glaciers and tho li rds, tho ravines and lakes, of New Zealand. For Mr. Aytoun, who iq a descendant of tho family to which Professor Aytoun, tho author of the Scottish poems and ballads, was one of the lights, possesses a considerable amount qf bust) experience, a pretty wit, a musical voice, and an enormous collection of songs, mainly old Scottish ballads and out of tho way modern ones of a later period. I think if I wanted company on a trip round tno world, the two companions 1 would select in Melbourne would bo J. L. Dow and George Aytoun, so that you will see that tho Minister, whois of a genial disposition himself, should have a happy time. An odd tiling happened this week. One of our evening papers, the Standard, was compelled to temporarily discontinue publication. Thcio was considerable delay, and tho edition came out late. It tran spired subsequently that tho result was not that tho company had temporarily suspended pending reconstruction, but an eel in the water pipe. The reason of the visit of tho sinuous stranger is not known. Possibly as ho was on tour ho called for a notice. Talking tho other day with a well known navy map, and .expressing my satisfaction that Captain Alan Tboma?, who when on our station gained tho re pute of being the smartest officer wo had scon, should have secured thp high posi tion ho has iii England of being accepted as the principal authority on rams, 1 was told of something which I think has never yet scon the light of print. Oaptaip Thomas w&', when ip Melbourne, engaged persistently in pursuing his experiments into the nature of the ram, the speed re quired, and the resultant impactive force, and he confided to his friends that if Port Phillip was ever menaced by a de tachment of a fleet which succeeded in passing the Heads batteries, ho should have in readiness a number of small steamers with but a few men on boardy who would be instructed to drive right at,, tho invading vessels with all the speep,- they could command, and endeavor tod butt them. Of course, the chances wouldJ bo that they would bo sunk before- thejd accomplished half their journey, and ifl pot, and they had succeeded,every man o» board the diminutive ram wo lid but Captain Thomas held that tho los$ / life would be so small as to justify tn« experiment. The argument is that shipij that do not possess an armored bolt arm especially accessible to the attacks <9 these small rams. I have not seen il so expressed elsewhere, and merely merfl lion it now os a proof that our naval* men aro not so confident as to tho invuTJ norability of the port as they sometiraoB desire us to think. You will remember in Pygmalion aijH Galatea how tho heart of the beautiiB Galatea who was only born yesterBH was moved at the sight of a deer. A friend of mine told mo a concerning tho first leveret Viptofda, probably in Auslralia. It the old race course at J?Jem:nglon, in days tho grand stand was down oh fiat near tho river, and tho hills enclosed were free to picnickers. there came bounding along a ir9J animal whom no ono had seen and whom they could not “ Why,” said he, .“it’s a littlo'leyeret,” as said so it ra£ up against his and stopped there panting. And he as Oo.vper tells us in ‘the Ghost,' took the little stranger in reared it as his own. The date was and although tho incident may trivial, I have thought it worth while record it as an evidence that rarer have been scon on our great fhan the vagrant dog which is dropped over the fence to run for just before sounds the start bell of 