The Labor Platform. 'Me. Cook, M.L.A., the new leader of the Labor party, a leader who, the last time he spoke in the House, did not receive the moral support of a large attendance of his party, delivered a long speech at the Glebe last night, setting forth labor's aim a and aspirations. Mr. Cook's ideas were in many respects moderate and sensible, and he took care to disavow ' revolutionary windbags.' He declared for further elec toral reform to truly realise the idea of ' one man one vote,' a realisation that he considered would be a first step to dealing with the unemployed problem ; for the abolition of the Upper House, which was a drag on progress ; for the abolition of the present system of party government 5 and for the abolition of a mass of statutes pressing on labor. These things, which altogether constitute what the Americans call 4' a large order,' must apparently be put down as ultimate aims. The imme diate ones are more modest — the passage of a land tax, and the passage of a Mining on Private Property Bill, shorn of any ar rangement for royalties. Mr. Cook is hopeful for these two planks of his platform, as the Labor party wiU not, he says, be this time split upon the fiscal ques tion. To a land tax and to a Mining on Private Property Bill, if both measures are drafted in a reasonable spirit, there seems to b'e no objection 5 but the great point to know is, how are the Labor men going to avoid the fiscal question once more being a spoke in their wheel, if it be not a plank in their platform ? The fiscal question has as much to do with the unemployed problem as any thing else. No one could devise a more perfect scheme for ?m«.TntJ»ining a state of depression than that which appertains at present. As long as the balance of parties is a matter of a floating and variable majority of two or three, as it has been in this Parliament, the country will be in a perpetual state of uncertainty as to how it is to be taxed. It will not know whether there will be an attempt, even an illusory attempt, to favor manufactures, or a policy that will leave commerce unrestricted, con sequently men will not know in what to invest., their money or embark their enterprise, and employment will be scarce. If there be elected a party willing to bargain votes on the fiscal policy for concessions or other matters which are thought to more immediately affect labor, uncertainty and consequent stagnation will continue. Nothing can affect working men more than the question whether what they consume shall be taxed. . It is much more important to get this problem out of the way than to obtain, from a democratic point of view, a more perfect system of suff rage. The present system, may not theoretically be the last expression of democracy, but it is so- near to it that probably no extension would make any great difference, either politically or in regard to the social state of the country. The laving of protectionist fallacies, and the con sequent permitting of the people to go ahead with their own legitimate business, -while Government, certain of the sources to which it was to look for revenue, would be able to suit its expenditure to its means and check financial expedients, might make all the difference in the world. With the tendency of the Labor party to make Labor members more and more the delegates of leagues of uncertain composition, and therefore of shifting fiscal opinions, there will be a difficulty in the Labor section of the new House, if it -be in anything like numbers, doing otherwise than maintaining the state of suspense in regard to trade that has hitherto caused so much distress. Lobengula's general is said to have hanged himself through chagrin at his defeat. This settling of his earthly account in the ' high Roman fashion,' though with some differ ence as to the exact method, will recall the taking off by their own hands of many other vanquished heroes, in cluding not a ' few more civilised ones than the leader of the Matabele host. One of the best remembered of such cases in modern times is of course that of Villeneuve, Admiral of the combined French and Spanish fleets at Trafalgar. As is . well known, he committed suicide, as it is supposed, through rage and shame at having to answer to Napoleon for the loss of the ' last French fleet.' Of the heroes who, . in certain extremities, meant to make their quietus in the speediest manner, but for whom happy chance averted such a fate, the list is~hot a short one. An illustrious instance was that of Frederick the Great of Prussia; Frederick, as is well known too, had determined that if matters came to the worst with \\\\\m during the Seven Tears1 War he would poison himself. That passage is a ?ftuniiin.T one in -which a -celebrated English writer has, with curious antithesis,, described the King as going round with ' a quire of bad verses in one pocket and a bottle .of corrosive subli mate in the other.' A much more modern instance of the kind, and also from Prussian history, is furnished by the career of Bis marck. It is said, and -with much apparent probability, that if that great battle in which the efficiency of the re organised Prussian, army Was for the first twnft fairly tested had gone against his couatiyxaen, ha hsA made «p - hia mind to die by :his own hand, if he escaped that of the' enemy. Had Sadowa indeed been an Austrian victory in stead of a Prussian one, Bismarck's committing suicide would probably have only saved the executioner a job. He would have been, impeached as the destroyer of his country. Another name, as many are -well aware, which must be added to the number of those who narrowly missed suicide is that of the ; Great Napoleon. According to some accounts the Emperor, during the cam paign of 1814, imitating- the example of Frederick, constantly had . poison in his possession. Whether this be true or not, it seems pretty certain that on the eve of the Abdication of Fontainbleau the Em peror swallowed' poison, but that, through taking an overdose, his .purpose was de feated. If the same legend is to be credited, the fatalistic ideas of Napoleon pre vented a repetition of the experiment. He concluded, it must be -written, that he was not to perish in that way. Marc Antony, it will be recalled, when about to consign himself to the shades, speculated as to how his presence and that of Egypt's Queen would ' make the ghosts glad.' As for the luckless African general who has just speeded himself thither, what with departed warriors -who erstwhile have been either actual or potential suicides, there should,, at any rate, be ghosts enough to keep his in countenance. Chang, or Ghang-Woo-Gowj the Chinese giant, whose death is just announced, had attained to the age of 47, a very respectable age for a giant, as giants are seldom long lived people. Chang, who -when fully grown was 8 feet high, was by no means the tallest man on record. Dismissing such legendary persons as Og, King of Bashan, ' of the remnant of the giants,' who is said to have been 16J feet, and, therefore, to have topped Goliath himself by many inches, there was John Middleton, ' the child of Hale' (Lancashire) born in 1578, who at tained to 9 feet 3 inches 5 Patrick Cotter, an Irish giant who died in 1806, 8 feet 7 inches ; O'Brien, another Irish giant 'who died in 1783, and -whose skeleton is in the Museum of the Royal College of Surgieons, 8 feet 4 inches 5 and Josef Winkelmaur, an Austrian, exhibited in London in 1887, 8 feet 9 inches. These are a few out of a long list of men of unusual length who have been more or less before the public. Giantesses have either been fewer, or, as became them, more retiring. As to giants who have sought distinction for other things beside their height, the letters of Oliver Cromwell record that after the Parliamentary forces had stormed Basing House, they 'were struck with the huge size of a Royalist officer whom they found among the slain, measured him, with a tape, and found hiTn to be 9 feet. Chang, who was in Australia about 20 years ago, and who was twice in London (in 1865 and 1880), besides other extensive tours, was a Chinese of superior class. He had some of the proverbial 'wiles of big countrymen, for it is recorded of 'him that once, during his first visit to Lon don, when, in passing down Parliament street, his, weight forced the bottom out of a four-wheel cab in which he was riding, he walked to his destination under the ruined shell of the vehicle. His motive 'was not to prejudice the attendance of the public at his evening appearance by giving before hand a gratuitous exhibition of his propor tions — a distinctly practical idea more intel ligible than if he had simply remained in Viiw bottomless conveyance for the ' honor of the thing' as compared with ordinary uncovered walking, a consideration which might have appealed, according to a well known story, to some of his gigantic Hiber nian predecessors. Chang knew a little English. Dr. W. G. Grace (says an English paper) has a very charming young daughter, who is also a cricketer, and a good one. She is the Bonnor of her sex, and a big hitter when the bowling is loose. She is the very picture of a well built athletic British maiden, as she stands at the wicket in her spotless cream flannels and straw hat. Spectators who have come to scoff remain to wonder at the easy way in 'which she masters the bowling. Among the ranks of her admiring 'school-fellows may be seen occasionally, on a half-holiday, the black bearded, stalwart figure of the champion, ap plauding his daughter's ' fours,' and revel ling in her inherited prowess. He is very proud of his daughter, and actually allowed her to take a whole term's holiday from school to accompany him when he -went to Australia 'with Lord Hawke's Eleven. She ' practised ' with the eleven every day on board ship, and altogether had a good time. Mis Grace is a good musician. She is 14 years of age. 