Among The Boxers, GEO. DIXON CONQUERS. He Whips Sol. Smith ' INSIDE SEVEN ROUNDS. Doolcy aud Lnlng. W1XY UUHPHT WHIPPED AGAIN By ' Spliler ' Wclr— In Six Hounds— Harry Cnnsuell Back Again— Steve O'Doo cell and Ills Prospects— Latest t , News and Nates, - ? 4 . ... (Bt ' Tiie Amateur.') 7 There is a letter horo for Harry Laing. / ' ' * * My usual budget of irolbourno boxing Mttia will appoar in to-morrow's issue. i ? ' * Charles Jliteholl sparred at Jack SI'Auliffo's benefit in Amoriea recontly. Ho ?was woll recoivod, and boxcud a threo ivund bout with Jim IlztU. m m m ' Billy Murphy was badly boato'u by Ikp O'Neil Weir in six rouuda recently. '.'The Spider' fairly outclassed Murphy, at all points, and romped homo an easy winner. ? ? ? Harry Cansdell has roturncd to Sydnoy, from Mudgeo, whore ho has been fiiltillinfr u throe mouths' engagement. He looks very ?well, and speaks in high torms of the treat ment he received during his visit. ? * * ' Harry Xournier, an American light weight, who reoontJy arrived in London, has issued a challougo to ' all and sundry ' Bt lObt. Tom Willituns stopped into tho broach, and luis posted a forfeit as a guarantee of good faith. ? ? ? I hear that a private ontErtainmont is to bo givon by Mr. I'oley to Mrijor- Gonoral Hutton and his friends, as wellos to sevoral otlior leading sportsmen. Tho date fixed' is Thursday, November 10, and the enter tainment urotnises to bo a succoss. Stovo O'Donnell and Georgo Godfrey ?woro to ha\'o fought at; tho Conoy Island Club on November 13 for a jS700 purse. Inviowof. tho recent high-handod action of tho authorities it is very doubfc fulwhethor tho contost willbo allowed to take place. ' * ' Tho National Sporting Club, London, opened their winter season with a flourish of trumpets a fow wsoks back. 3tr. John Fleming, tho manager, quite expects to got tho Jacksdn-Corbott fight, and, in fact, has already Opened negotiations with tho two principals. Corbott intends visiting Eng land in any caso, and it is probable that ho will see no reason to grumble at the terms offere'fl'by tho club. ? ? ? Billy Italian and Georgo La Blanche, the Marino, fought on September 22, beforo ono of tho largest gatherings over aSbifmbledatthoTwin City Club, Minnea polis. In tho first round thore was a fino exhibition of ecionco, both inon displaying great finesse, but neither obtaining a per ceptible advantage. In the second round Malian struck La Blancho a right-hander on the'jaw, and repeated it with his left hand. La Blanche fell flat on his back, and remained unconscious for ten minutes,. www I understand tho Dooley-Laing match has beon cried off, the former alleging as an excuse that he would be sure to be arrested if he entered the ring again. This is a mistaken notion, as I have it on tho' boat authority that the police do not ihtond to interforo. so long as a limited rtand contest takes placo within the walls of a duly authorised club, such as the Australian Gymnastic Club. I fancy that Dobloy doesn't care abo'ut spending tho necessary amount of time for training pur poses. ? ? ? ' Billy Plimnier says of meeting Dixon to a finish: 'I am not ono bit afraid of Gdbrgo Dixon. My four-round bout with'1 him shown that.' Fow persons tho'ught I hod a ghost of a cha'nee to stay four rounds with Dixon, nnd hundreds of his friends did not boliovo I would put in 'an nppear anco at tho Garden. I'll make a match with Dixon.it 11-Hb, weigh at the ringside, and on no othor conditions. I conceded weight to him at the Garden, and he must now corao to my torms. It wns nil well enough for him to dictate when ho had tho upper hand. I was forced to accept the conditions laid down by him or go without a match. Every man who has foifght Dixon has had to nbitle by what Dixon says. It is my turn now to name terms. I am ready to fight any man in tho world at 1101b for2500dol or GOfcOclol aside, and I would have littlo trouble' in reaching that weight. At tho bath aftor tho bout in tho Gaidon I weighed 113Jlb. I ropeat if Dixon is anxious to try mo to a finish ho must agree to weigh 1141b at tho ring lido.' ? i 