[now satrr lUBusmaD.l ALL ALONG THE RIYER. I,. Miss M. E. BR ADDON, g?i- : • ' AriHOIl OF' '•.m.VY f'i^y.!AutUej'» Secret," y'fThe Venetians; or,. All in Honour,.''., t'Aurbra'jjhhyd," ' ,.^','tTlie Oloren Foot,".■■'■" Dead Men's Shoes," " Just as.-.I att,**.y Y Y''i 4-n! .i . "Taken • at" thb ^ Flood;" 7 "Phantom. Fortune," '••• ||A 0 t . > "LieandUnhke," ."TVearcra and Welt," ■ ,--- ■.* £%•>- J"' 1 Ac., Ac'. Ac. h,;, jfv- - Au. QukbkshOT) Eiaais Ekemed.,, CHAPTER XI.—(Continued.) 0011 enough and to spare,' Captain Hulbert replied. 11 shan't feel half so jovial walking up and down those grim old room* as j. reel nere. I shall fancy a ghost pacing behind me, •lump, | clump, clump—a slow, solemn footstep—only the echo of my own tread perhaps; but I shall never know, for I »hall be afraid to look round.' 'You ought not to make sport of weak people's fancies, for I am sure you don't believe in ghosts,1 said AUegra, leaning with one elbow, en the piano, turning over pieces ef music absently, a gracious figure in a. sage green velvet gown, cut just low enough to show the fine curves' of a full round throat, white and Bmooth as ivory. ' Sot believe in ghosts ? Did you ever know a Bailor who wasn't superstitions? We are too often alone with the sea and the stars to he quite free from spectral fancies, Miss Leland. X can see in your eyes as you look at me this moment that you believe in ghosts—believe and tremble. Tell me now, candidly—When do you most fear them; at what hour of the day or night does the unreal seem nearest to you?' ' ' I don't know,', she faltered; turning over the loose music with a faintly tre mulous gesture, while Isola sat by the piano, touching the notes dumbly now. and then. . . 1 Is it at midnight—in the gloaming— in the chill, mysterious dawn? You won't answer! Shall I guess? If you ate like me, it is in broad daylight—be tween two and three in tho afternoon— when the servants are all idling after, their dinner, and the house is silent. You are alone in a big, bright room, perhaps, with another room opening ont of it, and a door a long way off. You sit writing at your table, and you feel all at once that the room is haunted. There must be something or some one stealing in at 'that remotest door. You daren't look round. You gi to the win dow and look out into the garden or street —for a town house may be just as ghastly as a country one—and then with a great effort you turn slowly round and face your terror, in the broad, garish sunlight, in the business hours of the day. There is nothing there,, of course, hut the feeling has not been the leBS vivid. I know I shall be speotre-hauntei at the Mount. You must all come and scare away the shadows. Mr. Colfox, are you fond of billiards?' ' I own to a liking for the game. 1 play with Mr. Crowther and his younger daughter whenever I dine at Glenaveril. Alicia is a very line player, for a girl, and her father plays a good game.' ' Then you will eome up to the Mount two or three times a week and play with me, I hope. Thexe'e a fine Thurston table in the hall. It may he a little out of order, hut we must make the heat of it, and there's plenty of sound claret in the cellars, to say nothing of a keg or two of Schiedam that I sent home from the Hague.' ' Mr. Colfox will not make much im pression on your claret or your schnapps,' said Disney, laughing. - ' He is almost as temperate as one of those terrible an chorites in the novel we were reading the other day, " Homo Sum." ' 'I am glad you put in a qualifying almost,' said the curate, ' for I hope to taste Captain Hulbert'e Schiedam.' The captain expatiated upon what his three new friends—and his one old friend; Martin Disney—were to do to cheer him in his solitude at tho Mount. 'There is nothing of "the anchorite •bout me,'he said. 'I love sooiety; I love;,life and movement ; I :love bright faces.';. ■ ' % , He vrould not leave until they had all. promised to take tea on board the yacht: on the following afternoon, an engage- | meat which was kept by Allegro and the colonel; but not by Isola, whose headache was worse after the little dinner party; nor by the curate, who had parish busi ness to detain him on shore. 