JSrEWSOE^THEiWQRLD. Each of the hundred; settlers on- Pitt Town common nre to receive ft half-acre block of land as a residence site. ? . .-- Senior-constable S. G. Scroope is gazetted acting clerk of petty sessions at, Byron Bay. An ex raordinury formation in box wood 'was recently made at Woolloo mooloo. While sawing logs into lengths, a chip off the side of one piece disclosed a large iron horseshoe firmly embedded in the centre of the log. * The shoe must have been hung on the fork of the tree; and in the course of time the timber grew around the iron. Should an election take place before . the New. Act coaaes into operation, the Glebe, tho Gwydir and tho Richmond will each be entitled to an extra member, making the total 144. Jones : ' You haven't another cigar like tho one you gave me the other day, have you V Brown : ' Yes, here's one ' Jones : ' Thanks, old man, I'm trying to break my boy from smoking.' Floods, landslips, and interruption to railway traffic are reported from various parts of New Zealand, the result of heavy continuous rains. There are twenty-two kings or emper ors now on earth. In China many of the female children are drowned at birth. Measles are prevalent in somo of the suburbs of Sydney and ono or more Public Schools have been closed. The pulsation of an infant is from 130 to 140 beats a minute ; of an old man 75 to 80. . ' Electric trnmcars commenced running, as an experiment, at Hobart last week. Everything worked satisfactorily. In Switzerland very stringent laws exist for the protection of fruit trees from insects and other pests. No tree owner is allowed to treat his trees as he chooses, but a strict watch is kept over both amateur and professional horti culturists. - When a man makes a. humble begin ning and rises to wealth and distinction, he is pointed out by his fellow-men as a model self-made man. If a woman commences life as a chambermaid, or in any other position in the humbler walks of life, and afterward rises in the world, the rest of womunkind never for- ? gives her. Why is it so f During a Russian fete in Chicago a picture of the Czar was insulted by a number of anarchists, who upon being remonstrated with attacked a Russian. They used knives and daggers, 12 persons being wounded in the melee. Mr. Crisp, a Democrat, has been elected Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. It is reported that Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary R. C. Bishop of Sydney, will be appointed to succeed the late Arch bishop Reynolds nt Adelaide. An Act for the Better Protection of Married Men has been introduced into tho Montana Legislature. Dr. Flahaut of Paris, has dicovered petroleum to be a cure for diphtheria. He has treated 40 cases with complete success. The carcase of a pig which weighed over 5001bs. has been on view in Coonamble. Young lady is suddenly kissed by her cousin while she is reading a sensational novel, whereuponsheremarks : — 'Fortu- nately, my dear Augustus, I am reading a delightful passage with which your kiss thoroughly harmonises, otherwise I would have rebuked you severely for your impudence.' The Colonial Treasurer states that over £100,000 worth of funded stock was sold during the month of July, and that to date about £1,400,000 of the stock has been disposed of. A meeting of the members of the wine and spirit trade in Melbourne on Wed nesday condemned the excessive duties on liquors, and passed a resolution fav oring Freetrade and Federation. A prayer-book that belonged to Queen Elizabeth realised 1220 guineas at the sale of the Field collection at Christie's, in London on June 13. Of the 363,000 teachers in the United States, 240,000 aro women. Mr. Eddy stated at Gundagai that the Gundagai branch line of railway showed an annual loss of £6800. Sir George Dibbs docs not think that the conference at Cow ra is likely to . promote federation to any extent. ' Federation,' he remarked, ' is not within measurable distance, and confer ences like the one held at Cowra are not calculated to decrease the distance.' John Stincs, one of the men charged with the recent robbery of a well-known pedestrian and won some races on metropolitan grounds. Smith, a colour ed man, another sprinter, was also . implicated in the affair. A rather singular thing occurred in the neighbourhood of Jamberoo on Saturday lust. Mr. John Grey, of Stoney Creek, was on that day out hunting hares with a small fox-terrier, when quite unexpectedly a large eagle hawk alighted on the dog's back, caught hold of him, and carried him into the air. After travelling, somo two hund red yards the terrior did not seem to care for the mode of travelling, . and showed his disapproval by seizing one of the hawk's wings in his teeth. The result was — as the dog no doubt ex pected — that both rapidly decended to Terra Firma. With some difficulty Mr. Grey separato'l the two, and cap tured tho hawk alive. On one of the wings being measured, it was found to be 6 feet 7 inches. By the explosion of a powder factory at Canton 4000 people have been killed . and four villages destroyed. The belief in haunted houses is .appar ently not yet extinct. In a Supreme Court case last week some depositions taken in one of the lower courts were read. One of the statements was that a particular house at Bondi'had not been tenanted for six years. ' It is haunted, it has a ghost in it,' was the explanation on the depositions. If you want your horses carefully and neat ly shod, take them to Farrier J. R- Smith, near M 'Lean's Coraki Hotel.* ?? : 