SIUE SIINES ME )DOWN.. If she had lived at the hotel all her life she could not be more entire!y at home and mis. tress of the situation than she is as she stands on the steps, and gives orders that Steel Grey has a bran mash to- night, and that the ponies victual freely on beans to-morrow. ''They'll need every bit of spirit that can be put iuto them in this taking-down tem perature,' shie says, graciously to anyone who is inclined to listen to her. And so many incline, and she little recks who listens. i'm not the artist- type-unless hIe painted me as Cleopatra toying with the Asp--but I'mn a pretty woman and I puzzle him,' Gladys Cardigrn says to herself as she passes the artist by-and-bye on her way to herapart ment. And he, fresh from the near sight of her, goes to Arch Sallounr and says: 'Plo won't come any toe soon, old boy. Our serpent of thie Strand has left her trail all over the place already. She's a Mrs Cardigan- a pretty, rich widow, and intri guing's going on already to sit near her at the table ci'hote. WVe'll have a private room and wait for Flo.' 'I've taken our places at the table d'hote alreadi,' Forrester says, Iesitatingly, It's cLteper in thie long run, you know.' Durumorest laughs. 'lMy dear Arch, if economy steps in be tween us, I'm nowhere with you. Still let me observe if it's cheaper in the long run, so far as food is concerned, for you to sit near that snake, it's cheaper in the short run that you get right out of the way.' ,You do go in for things seriously,' Arch laughs out happily. 'I only think her pretty and I know scores of far prettier women.' , ' But you think about her, old boy, as you don't thinkl of the far prettier women,' Cle ment Dumorest. rejoins, seriously. 'I don't admire her myself, except as a study, but ahe's the kind of woman one 'fatally adores.' We'll get off to the Channel Islands, Arch, directly we have settled Flo here. 'Good i we will,' Arch Saltoun says, but his gaze goes hungrily after the lady who has been so zealously looking after her cattle. The last glimpse he catthes of her as he passes through the vestibule, is of her bend ing down with loving tenderness and lissome ease to pet and caress the head of the dog, who certifies to her merit by so visibly loiving her. CIAPTER II. BEFORE she goes down to the table d'hote this evening Mrs. Cardigan has through the mediumship of her maid, Britton, - gleaned a tolerable amount of accurate information about Mr. Saltoun. -cHe ,is not a-Devon man, but he and his ?bsition in the .adjoining county are well known and properly estimated at the 'Ir perial Hotel,' which heinakes his head quar ters invariably during the Regatta week. He is a great sportsman, has no younger brothers, drives four-in h'od, and if he is not .actually the richest commoner in his county he is generaly admitted to stand at the head of the lot of lcal potenates by right of- his ancient lineage'and large possessions. ' Is he married ?' Mrs. Cardigan asks as Britton gives the fitishirng touch to her mis tr~ss's toilette and her own narrative simul taneously. 'They say not, though he's been given away over and over again; his sister arid her hiusband are here with him now. They dine at the table d'bote.' ' Go dnd finSad out wh re they.sit, and secure me a plaae opposite therm, exactly opposite to thilm, mind, ' Mrs. Cardigan interruprts.. ' Ne-ver mind who is put out, or what it costs. I must be opposite to them. The hotel is full, and the. dinners .sre numnerous this day. Still there is very little difficulty made about the particular place she desires being secured to the pretty. woman aho has come down with such welltrained servants and well-bred horses. Mnr. and Mrs. Dumnorset and Arch Saltoun are already seated when Mrs; Cardigan takes the place assigned to her, and though .she keeps her eyes resolutely bent on the menu beside her plate for a few minutes, the glow of pleasure which is caused by the sight of her has not faded from the face of the hand some young Somersetshire squire when she raises those eyes at last, and levels a glance, not at him but at the lady by his side. 'This lady, Mrs. Dumorest, Arch Saltoun's sister, is ' worth studying. ' ' Mrs. Cardigan comes to this conclusion rapidly, as she meets a return glance from Mrs. Dumorest, and marks the attention-. nay, more, the affectionate solicitude-with which she is treated by both husband and brother. Thereis no resemblance betiween brother and sister, save the immaterial, one of colouring. The pbhysique of Arch Saltoun is large, grand, generous; that of Mrs. Duinmorest is meagre. The first impression that you receive of the carefully-costumed, .perfectly well- arranged little lady, is, that she is too fist-surfaced to be interesting, too hard in outline and thin in texture to have a single soft feeling or rich thought., A little, sharply-pointed, fair, pale, oval face,'a faint, pink,'straight tip line, a thin, gristly-looking, aquiline nose, a high, narirow forehead, the height of which is moder ated by a veil of hair arranged in a series of symmetrical-flat curls, a figure like a girl's in its narrowness and slender flatness, and a sage "geen silk dress that looks as if it had been pasted on to her. These are natural and acquired attributes which constitute Mrs. Dumorest's seldom negatived claim to being considered the 'bewitching little beauty' she is in her hus band's clique. " She's suspicious, her simplicity is a sham, and.already she dislikes me for something her brother and husband have been saying about me,' Mrs. Cardigan thinks, as she takes note of an eagerly-delivered low-toned communication which Mrs. Dumorest is making to her brother. 'That great, strong brother ol hers is plastic in the bands of that wiry-looking little woman, By this time she has found out pretty nearly all I ever let any one find out about me, and if she has htr will the 'Ghost' and her owner will be well away from Tolquay before tomorrow night.' After the one glance from the sweet, dark hazel eyes which be has Ieen happy enough to meet, Archibald Saltoun falls a victim to the depressing feeling that he and his com panions utterly fail to excite the smallest particleof interest in the mind of their vis a-vis. She looks up and down the length of the table, letting her eyes rest very lingeringly and tenderly on a fair-baired little child who is laying in a rich store of dyspepsia at the late dinner through the fatuous kindness of an illimitably weak mother. Mrs Cardigan looks kindly at the child, and critically at the ceiling, and the mon strous combination of painted calico and ar senical green leaves which under the name of flowers fill huge gilt vases on the sideboard. She looks--and does little more-at each plate as it is put before her, for, distrusting the unknown qruantities and qualities of the table d'hote, she has ordered a delicate little repast at a much later hour in her own private salon. She looks curiously at her right-hand neigh. hbour, a robust, hard- featured, weather-beaten visaged old clergyman, who, inflamed by the quiet but intense enthusiasm she developes at once in his theme, gives her graphic and heartstirring descriptions of divers days on Exmoor after the red deer, This subject, which has been accidentally mooted by her reverend neighbour, is really a strong card, and intuition teaches her that itis well to play it. She feels (she will not steal a single look) that at the mention of the moor, one of the biggest we hare left in Eng land, Archibald Saltoun priclks up his ears, and is with them in the conversation in soul. And when just before leaving thie table she says to the sporting parson: 'You have done me a real service, and caused me to come to a decision as to the disposition of the winter mionths; I shall take my mare over and try your country,' she knows that the colour comes to Mr. Sal toun's frce 'with a joyful rush, for the country of the led deer in his country too. : Mrs. Cardigan, her claims to being con sidered pretty, her rigorously plain black vel vet dress, her magnificent grey mnsre, and furiouslooking mastiff, are discussed with voluble freedom by the majority of those with whom she has dined at ti;e table d'hote. She is fotind guilty of various mi;derneanours by most of the women, who insist upon malt ing her walli over the hot plough-shares of their judgment, Almost without exception they denounce her, or what is worse, deplore her, for doing nothing to attract attention and still attracting it.' If her dress were only a marvel of many colours, and bad taste, if her hair were gold en-tinted, and her eyes rendered finer by art than nature made them; if she had only shown herselt to be flighty, frivolous, or fast, her sister-women who are co- residents with her at:this hotel would one and all re gard her with greater leniency than they can bring themselves to extend to her now. It is in vain that Archibald Saltoun says in reply to a jeremiade against the stranger from his sister 'She has done absolutely nothing to deserve a stone being cast at her; her manner is about the quietest I ever saw.' 'Affectedly quiet, Arch. And look at her dress,' his sister answers. ' I did look at it, Flo; nothing coulfi be plainer.' ' Indecently plain; but men will never see anything but what pleasgs their eye; that sinuous movement ought to'show you what a snake she is.' ' You won't cultivate her and ask her to join us a yachting excursion,' Arch asks, laughingly. 'I shall consider you offer me an insult, Arch, if you get to know her while I'm here,' his sister-replies, coldly. 'I saw quite enough of her to-night to convince me that she's a freelance, a woman who is much more dan gerous and detrimeotal than nise would be whose society we were openly justified in scouting.' Mrs. Dumorest's usually flat chest absolu tely heaves swith the volume and force which she manages to throw into the expression of her sentiments. Her husband regards her calmly, even with a certain air of amusement. He is accustomed to similar ebullitions anent several of his prettiest models. But her brother, to whom she has always played the part of guiding star, by virtue c-f her two years' seniority, is unused to Florence's way of siarmisitig a scandal into shape and substance. He is not impressed against the one on whom his sister has made the on sla"hi, but be is reaidered nerniously anxious tocdef-nd the unknown lady from an unde findd charge. - His sister has always been-an authority with him, and he has never before felt'inclined to oppdse a prayer for mercy to any one of her'anathemas. But on this oc casion be remembers that to err is human, and it seems to him to be well within the bound ,. i possibility that Florence's intuitions and j-sdgmenti have gone astray. Accordingly it comestto pass that Florence for once finds her opinions regarded with more toleratiou than d:fere-ce. \- I doni't like Torquay,' Mrs. Dumorest says, pres:-ntly, turning round frofia the open window,'l:om which she has been studying the eff. ct of the mo.nlight on the waters, and -Mrs. Cardigan's symmetrical figure as it is clearly outlined inthe bright light shed from the many windows of the hotel on the terrace below. 'You.used3 to declare-that it was a little bit of Italylet into our native isle by mis take, ' her brother remarks. 'I used to make any number of foolish declarations,' his sister replies. ' When I made this special one about Torquay I hadn't seen Italy; you promised me if 1 would come down that you would let me commission the ship; nowtake me on aoard to-morrow, and aswe get out of the bay you shall open the sealed orders that I'll giveyou tonight, and the " Ghost " shall straightway sail for the port I'll name; will you, dear Arch ?' 'I suppose it must be as you like, ' he says resignedly, 'but Clem and I thought of the Cbannel Islands, and you know. you can't stand that voyage. ' 'TYou don't know what I can stand almost anything but opposition, Now I'm going to write and seal the orders. She becomes caressingly vivacious in her manner, for she feels as if she had already successfully counteracted an evil iuflueoce, and removed her brother from the spot whereon a syren istworking a fatal spell. Shie would like to draw down the blinds and shut out the baneful sight of that pretty figure onthe terrace. But the fear that.such a strong and unaccountable step as shutting out a moonlight view which is suppored to be one of the strong points of the place will attract attention and defeat her object re strains her. She is therefore compelled to content her self with the attempt to concentrate her brother's attention on the semi-playful pre parations she is making for settling the desti nation of his yacht. 'Brir.g me a map and a guide-book, and I will soon fix where ve will go, ' she says, and her husband remarks: 'Pro~ide her with those necessaries at once by all means, Arch, or she will order the yacht inland in her well-meant eagerness to get away from Torquay. His wife laughs. She is well pleased to be charged with ignorance, it only hlter brother will stay in the room with her, and endorse an attempt to refute the charge. But the laugh ends harshly as Arch turns to the door, after giving her the books, with the words : ' Shall we take a turn in the garden, Cle ment. Have a cigar ?' ' And leave me here alone I' his sister ex claims. ' How selfish yachting without their wives makes men. If you're both going for a turn in the garden, I'll come too. Wait while I get a wrap.' ' Flo and you can follow me. You'll find me down there,' Arch says, nodding his head towards the open window; and then he makes his way out of the room and down into the garden, without further impediment being offered to his progress by Mrs. Dumorest. Involuntarily-no, not that, but against his better judgment-be turns his steps in the direction of the spot on which that slender, black-robed figure is stit standing watching the yachts that are swinging at anchor, and the phosphoric light that is perpetually break ing out in patches of brilliancy on the calm, still surface of the bay. She turns her head slightly as he approaches and speaks, buit it is her dog, nrot Mr. Saltoun whom she addresses: 'Go in and fetch my cloak, Vengeance. Go ' The big mastiff rises from his place by her side.and trots away towards the entrance door and Arch feels irresistibly impelled to stand still and watch for whatever may come to pass. IHIe is not in such proximity to Mrs. Cardi. gan as to make the halt remarkable in the eyes of any chance passers by, and there seems to be nothing at all special in the situation, when he is presently joined by his brother-in-law. 1'1o has thought better of coming out,' Mr. Dumorest begins. ' That dog nearly cnocked her down on tie stairs, and she says her nerves tire shattered.' Tr. Dnmorest speaks s . if Ile were well crau:ito:.cdl to tile spectacle of thie calamity hI names. ofe repeats his wife's report as to. the state of her nerves with an utter absence of any thixlg expressive of antxious solicitude. Never xheless the lady to whom -' that dog "belongs feels cailed upon to avow her sense of the re sponsibility of ownership. ' I trust that it is not my dog who has caused tihe mischief? If it is, pray convey my sincere pjlogiesa to thie lady for his aswkwardnecss,' sihe says, advancing a few steps, and speaking exclusively to Mr Dumorest. But as the offending dog rejoins the liarty at this juncture with his mistress's cloak bundled up in hIis mouth, Arch feels that be has a reasonable excuse for joining in the conversation. Accordingly, hat in :hand, both men reply tothe lady at the same time, the one assurig I:er that he is convinced his wife will be in sufficiently good care to re spond to thle apologies in person in the morn ing, and the other declaring that his sister's nerves must Ihave been very much out of gear previously, or it would have baen impossible for them to have received a shattering from coming in contact with such a splendid and sagacious fellow as the mastiff. She bows in free, frank, pleased acknow ledgement of the praises of her dog, expresses a civilly careless hope that Mrs. Dumorest's nerves will be restored to their normal con dition by the morning, and then with a brief "good evening, gentlemen, "walks away into the evening gloomn accompanied by her dog. £ Thank you, Vengeance, ' she whispers, softly caressing his head as he stalks solemnly along by her side,' you have done good work for me thlis evening, dear old fellow; that is,' she continues, in louder tones, as she comes to a weary pause, and sits in an inert, tired-out attitude on one of the terrace seats, 'that is if the work's worth doing at all, which I doubt, Vengeance, as I've doubted most of the safest possibilities that have been put before me all my life.' The expression of her face is one of such subtly commingled doubt, dissatisfaction, dis appointment and anger, that Mrs. Dum ores', taking sights from the window at the terrace below, is gratified, and is at the same time conscious of having her curiosity con cerning this woman considerably stimulated. CHAPTER ILL That night, in seclusion of the conijugal chamber, Mrs. Dumorest makes confession. ' Clement, I suppose you understand that I'm not capricious and fanciful merely, don't you ? My only motive in finding Tprquay intolerable is to get Arch away. That crea ture who planted herself opposite to us at dinner, and piqued him by never looking at him once, is just the sort of woman to get him into her toils. 'And why not her toils as well as another's ?' Dumorest answers, lazily. He is very fond of his brother-in-law, but rather weary of the constantly recurring anxiety which the young man's possible con jugat course in life creates in his sister's mind.' ' Ip the first place we know nothing about her, Clem, in the second place if I knew everything about her, and it was all gbod, I should hate Arch to marry a widow, and, in the third place, I dent like her; I never shall like her and I'll do my best to prevent Arch's liking her. Now I have been candid as to my wishes and intentions. will you help me, or will you not ?' Her husband laguhs. 'You have been the cause of bringing ab. out the very evil your dread,' he says, blandly. 'If you had'at given way to a feeling ol feminine aversion to the sight of the object ionable lady's dog, she wouldn't have had a chance of breaking through the magic circle your sisterly affection would draw around him; as it is politeness will compel you to re ceive the apologies she's coming to make to you to-morrow.' 'Did you go down into the garden and talk to her, Clement ?' 'I can hardly say we 'talked' to her.' 'We I wa~ Arch with you ?' SHe was.' rAnd knowing what I feared you let her get hold of him?' 'I thought it was the dog you feared, not the dog's mistress.' 'Oh, Clement, what frivolity. and what (excuse me) pig-headedness on your part; tell me exactly what passed.' Mr. Dumorest sleepily and sketchily re counts as much as he remembers of the inter view to the partner of his bosom. 'Ab, well, if that's all there's not much harm done. I'm not going to see her, I disbelieve in making promiscuous acquaint ances, and will be off to Plymouth to-morrow. Just imagine what that woman would be as the mistress of Friars Court ! You're blind to the interests of your children to have allowed Arch to hold any cormmnunication with her; a woman who is capable of philander ing with a couple of men at first sight in an hotel garden at night is capable of following up a parti like Arch and forcing him to marry her.' Thbe sort of womain, women hate Men fatally adore, Dumorest quotes, dreamily. 'I want to go to Plymouth, Arch,' Mrs. Dumorest says to her brother directly they meet in the morning. 'I have had a letter from a friend who is staying there, and I want to see her; let it be Plymouth.' Mrs. Dumorest throws over mere finesse at this juncture, and tells ' falsehood which is half a truth,' in order to carry her point. It is true that she has had a.letter from a friend who writes from Plymouth, but it is untrue that this friend's presence would draw her to Plymouth by the force of its own at traction, and the implied expectations of finding the friend there is also false, as the young lady has written to say she is leaving for the North of Devon the same morning on which she writes to Mrs. Dumorest. How. ever, the end to be attained is, in Mrs. Du morest's eyes, so noble, that it would justify even more ignoble means than she employs. To keep Arch unmarried as long as pos sible for the good of his nephew and niece is the obviou; duty of thbir mother. It is equ ally her obvious duty to take care that should he ever assert his'manly right to have a wile of his own, that the chosen one shall be as ductile a sister as he has hitherto proved himself a brother. 'I'm not selfish in this,' Mrs. Dumorest says to herself, assoiling her own conscience, 'only no one knows better than I do how exceedingly unpleasant it would be for Arch if his wife was at varia.nce wi;h me.' She reminds herself of this aphorism now as she proposes Plymouth as their port, and gives as a reason for going there the engag. ing presence of a person whom she knows las already quitted its precincts. ' I can't say I care much for the place my self, but as you want to meet your friend wve'll go, wind willing, this afternoon,' Arch ;ays, not a bit too enthusiastically. Mr. Dumorest asks, with c:i!l::tus disregard for he delicacy of the web his wife is weaving : ' By the way, Flo, who is your fliend ? I seldom see any of your lady satellites, but if you want them for ar.y purpose, then there's otie sure to be r.atiy to your hand at a moment's notice. Who is this one ?' ' It's Gwendoline,' Mrs. Dumorcst answers, curtly. ' My pretty pupil of the spring ? What's she doing down at Plymouth ?' 'Trying her hand at landscapes,' Mrs. Dumorest answers, impatiently ; ' how many questions you ask, Clement.' 'She had better stick to portraits,' Durnorest goes on, disregarding his wife's rebuke. 'She has a career before her as a portrait painter if she only sticks to work, and works harder after each disappoint ment.' 'Wiio is she ?' Arch asks, dragging his attention back to current conversation with an effort. IHe had been employing the few moments whidh the husband and wife h:tve been giving to sweet converse, to the deeldopment of some plan by which he can gain one more sight-one more word with Mrs. Cardigan. Nov he has made up his mind. He will not offer the faintest opposition to his sister's wishes. The .'Ghost,' with all hands on board, shall sail for Plymouth without delay It is only right that Florence should go where she likes, but when once they are riding safely at anchor off the Admiral's Haid, Arch feels that the time will have conice for him to pay something like decent attention to his own inclitiations. ' We'll get away from here by two o'clock,' he says to his sister, 'that will suit you, won't it? There's not much of a wind, and we may be knocking about all night, but you won't mind 'that, will you ?' 'No.' Mrs. Dumorest feels so supremely satisfied with the results of her own diplomacy that she will not mind anything.. 'And it's only half-past ten now; what shall we do with ourselves till it's time to start ?' Alchibald Sa!toun asks, with restrained eagerness. He fondly hopes that his sister will want to write letters or superintend her packing, and that Clement will feel inclined to sketch. For from the window he sees Mrs. Cardigan and Vengeance taking their serpentine way along the winding paths that lead to the water and after therencontre of last night,if he meets her in this public Arcadia he will be justified in expecting a bow, if not a smile and word. To his intense chagrin, however, his sister has a pernicious plan about ' seeing the town.' 'And as I can have as much as I like of Clement's society at home, you'll take his es cart. duty off his hands and come with me, won't you, dear Arch ?' she says, guilelessly, and Arch, who has an idea tha;t all these in influences which are adverse to his wishes are wholly undisguised, goes wi h the best grace he can assnme, and gives up what he firmly believes to be a blessed opportunity. * It's a lovely place to be in for a day or two, isn't it ?' said Mrs. Dumorest regarding Torquay very tolerantly from one of its wood crowned heights: 'but, oh, Arch I what a dull place to be in for more than a day or two; tropical heat, and typical invalids and adventurers of both sexes ! And the worst of it is, the enervation caused by the former renders one unable to ccmbat the insidious attacks of tile latter.' 'I never find the heat tropical and I never meet the adventurers,' Arch replies, indiffe. rently, He has known his sister all his life, but he has not learnt yet ltat she almost invariably has another object besidgsathe .plaiu one which she puts before him, ' And you don't know one when you see one, ' his sister laughs. ' When they're re vealed the revelation always falls upon you I ke a shack. Do you rleember Dacoustas ? You thought him such a nice fellow, and her such a charming woman, didn't you ?' ' I said of hiia that.he knew a pood horse when he saw one, and handled a team splen. didly, and of her that she was a pretty woman and knew how to put her dress on, and I say the same still,' Mr.- Saltoun. says sturdily. 'Oh, Arch, when I've told you that it's more than suspected that he is the villainous groom and she the thieving lady'smrnaid who, after murdering their master and mistress in Italy, ran away with all the money and papers and jewels that they could lay hands on ' ' Well, I'm not a detective, ' Arch replies; it's no use putting me on the scent of a sus picion. I'm not a likely fellow to try and track it out, am I ?' 'No ; and I am afraid you're not a likely fellow to be warned by it against involving yourself with-with-' Mrs, Dumorest pauses and searches the depths of her store of language for an appel lation that shall at once describe and de nounce Mr. Cardigan without exactly naming that lady. " Impostor " Mrs. Cardigan doubtlessfis, still it would be too strong a word to apply to her without the faintest shadow of a cause. 'Well?' Arch questions, dragging his eyes away from the ' Imperial Hotel.' to which he is longing to return, and back to the subject which has not the slightest ijterest for him 'Well-with other people who are pro bably of that class, shabll I say?' 'Certainly not, dear, I'll fight shy of the Dacoustas all thle days of my life; now we must go back and look up Clem, and get underweigh for Plymouth.' He speaks with an utter absence of any like elher a vexed or pleased app-ehrension of the gist of her remarks. She is not half satisfied with her brother's easy acceptation of her terms. She would be far more at rest if Arch would only offer his customary half. boyish,easily- overcomeopposition to any plan of hers that runs counter to his lightly made and readily forgotten projects. SCan that horrible woman already have es. tablished a system of communication with him ?' the sister thinks, suspiciously, and the suspicion makes her very silent as they wend their way back to the 'Imperial Hotel.' Surely the fates are against Mrs. Dumorest There at the entrance door of the hotel stands a beautiful dark grey mare, and the Lady who has just put her hand oat he pommel prepara tory to springing into the saddle is none other than the suspected Mrs. Cardigan herself, She does not look like a womnan about whom a single unworthy suspicions can arise as on catching sight of the advancing pair she turns away from her horse and with a bright, frank smile goes to meet Archibald Saltoun's sister. 'I have been leaving my card and my apologies for my dog's bad conduct at your door,' she says, addresing Mrs. Dumorest. 'He didnt behave badly. I only felt half afraid of meeting him,' Mrs. Dumorest re joins. 'You distrusted him in fact?' the dog's mistress laughs, blithely; ' so many people do, and give a bad nme because of their own groundless fears. You are admiring my mare,' she adds, abruptly. turnirig to Mr. Sal toun. I wish you could see her trot.' 'I wish I could,' he answors, rather rap turously; 'and why can't I, if you're willing to show me tbhe slght i?' 'Quite willing; I'rm proud of Steel Grey's troatirg. \We might arrange some excursions together. Do you ride ?' Mrs.Cardigan says carelessly, to Arch's sister. I do; but the excursions can't be arran ged I fear, as we're leaving Tosquay in an hour,' Ms. Dumrrest replies, with an air of ill-concealed triumph: 'Leaving. rare you 1' Mrs. Cardigan speaks, in accents s.f the most careless inrdifference, bhut as shi turns away after takieg a frigid leave of Mrs. l.)umoresl, she says a word or two to Arch, that removes thIe impression of in lifference. ' You're a great sportsman, I knowv, Mr. Saltoun, .so I should like you to see my mare ;rot; when shall you be back here ?' TO lE CONTINUED. 