LONGFORD FIXTURES. DECEMBER. 25.— Annual Race Meeting. The following is the bill of fare provided by the committee of the Longford Cycling Club for their annual sports meeting, to be held on Chrlstmas afternoon :— Novice Race, 1 mile ; Maiden Handicap, 1 mile ; Half Mile Handicap ; Ladies' Bracelet, six laps ; One Mile Handicap (open only to cushion or solid tyres) ; Long- ford Wheel Race, 5 miles; One Mile Handicap (open only to members of the local club), and a Slow Race for safeties, 100yds. The committee are to be com- mended for providing such a varied pro- gramme, which should suit all classes of riders. I am specially pleased to note they have amongst other events a race restricted to cushion and solid tyres, as several of the wheelmen riding this class of machine complain, and not without reason, that they have not the ghost of a show against the pneumatics, as in alloting tho various starts they are never conceded sufficient handicap to equalise the style of machines, and from personal observation I can safely say that before the introduction of the pneu- matics it used to be quite an everyday sight to witness a dozen and more riders spinning round the Longford track, when machines were all about equal, and the racing decided upon the merits of the individual riders ; but since the arrival of the pneumatics — especially racers - the cushion and solid riders have become some what disheartened at the insufficient induce- ment held out to them in the way of stakes, and of late the pneumatic riders have had the track all to themselves. The inclusion of this particular event in the programme will be the means of placing riders more on a level one with another, especially as the cushions, owing to the differ- ence In the price, are yet In the majority. There is every probability that capital entries will be received from the three Tasmanian clubs, and they may possibly receive a stray one or two from the other colonies, if their meet is well advertised. Already several riders are taking to the track in order to prepare for the various events. The lantern parade held on Tuesday even- ing last under the auspices of the City Club proved an unqualified success, and the novelty of several of the designs came in for well merited commendation from the numer- ous onlookers who watched the procession through the streets with much interest. Mr Beaumont's machine, without a doubt ranked first with his well-bedecked staging literally covered with Chinese lanterns of various colors and shapes. He is apparently well up to this kind of game. Next to him came Mr Newey; whilst Messrs. Barnard, Stanwix, Robertson, Ford, and Rockwell were also conspicuous for their elaborate and well-arranged display. On Thursday evening next the members of the City club will be the guests of Mr Beaumont, who has requested their company at a social to be held at that gentleman's residence, and it is needless to add that a full attendance will show their appreciation of such thoughtfulness. During the week a lady's bicycle has been introduced to the Launceston public, arriving to the order of Messrs. Miatland and Pres- tidge, at whose sports depot the machine is on view. The machine is a " Beeston Humber," and is capitally finished, while its running is perfect. 