CURRENT NEWS. Alfred Upton, a miner, was ordered by the Police Bench yesterday to pay his wife, whom h?e had left, los per week for one year. Arthur Boult, bargemaster, attached to the steamer South Australian, fell overboard at Wileainia on Tuesday morning and was drowned. Mr. D. B. Yaldwyn has sent us a copy of a chart which he has issued in connection with book-keeping. The design is novel and instructive. James Ah Kow, a chinaman, residing at South Grafton, was on Tuesday committed for trial on a eharge of indecently assaulting a little girl. Sir George Dibbs, who is suffering from a severe cold, has decided to abandon his pro posed visit to Wagga, Junee, and Bowral, at least for the present. In the Police Court yesterday, Violet Devers, 25, a single woman, was sent to gaol for ,i8 hours, for having been drunk and dis orderly in Scott-street on the previous day. Mr. R. E. O'Connor, who upon Mr. Barton leaving for Canada was appointed Solicitor-General, on Tuesday retired fromn the office, and will now devote his attention exclusively to the business of the Justice Department. Mr. G. C. Martin, district coroner, held an inquest at Dudley yesterday forenoon on the body of Albert Crawshaw, who expired at his residence on the previous day. The verdict was to the effect that death had resulted from syncope due to disease of the heart. The Governor cn Tuesday opened the line from Cootamundra to Temora-a railway from which much is expected in the way of developing the agricultural as well as the mining interests. His Excellency was ao companied by Mr. F. B. Suttor, Minister for Instruction. The famous vine at Hampton Court Palace, which is now 125 years old, and occupies a space of 2200 square feet, is this year in very good condition, and bears 1200 large bunches of grapes. The fruit, which is of the black Hambro' kind, is reserved for the Queen, who usually sends most of it to the London hos pitals. Such a prolific fruit season as the present year has produced has not been known in Kent for half a centusy, particularly as re gards apples, which are everyeshere abundant. Plums are lelso very plentiful. In the case of currants sent to the London market from East Kent recently the pricte obtained did not cover the expenses. Although the time for the receipt of objec tions to the proposed boundaries under the Electoral Act has expired, the commissioners continue to receive documentary evidence of the advantage or otherwise of their proposals. The commissioners have, it is understood, de termined to adhere to the proposed boundaries of Northumberland and Newcastle West. A curious phenomenon has just occurred at the village of Gamlingay in Cambridgeshire. A dense cloud was observed to be passing over, which suddenly burst, and, to the as tonishment of the villagers, it was seen to be a shower of ants and similar winged in sects. People and the ground became smothered with them, and they swarmed in milhons. Every step taken crushed hundreds of them. A fire broke out on Tuesday night in the produce store of Mr. G. Toohey, No. 2 Glebo street, Glebe, and completely gutted the store, and partly burned a private dwelling adjoin ing. When the fire broke out, Frederick Costello, age 40, a driver, who was employed at the store, and resided with Mr. Toohey in the private dwelling adjoining, was seen to rush into the building, and his body was afterwards found burned to a cinder on a heap of bags. Mr. A. J. Gotld, M.P. for Patrick's Plains, has received a reply from the Electoral Com missioners to his letter, expressing a hope that the whole of the Patrick's Plains elector ate would be included in the new Singleton electorate. The cimmissioners state that they have decided to attach the township of Jerry's Plains to Singleton, but they regret that they cannot see their way clear to include Liddell, the area west of Foybrook, in the new Singlo ton electorate. At the Cobar Police Court on Tuesday, three rouseabouts from Meryula were pro ceeded against by the manager for breaking their agreements, but did not appear. The manager said he did not wish to press for a heavy fine, but such as would show the men that they could not play fast and loose with agreements. The Bench fined the acetsed 10s each, with costs, in default 14 days' im prisonment. The other rouseabouts who struck have returned to work. The collieries around Wollongong have been doing a fair trade lately. The strike at Austinmer continues the offer of day wages at the rate of 7s Od was refused by the miners, who said that they would have all or none. The deputies and daymen continue at work. The police camp at the colliery, since stone throwing at one miner's house occurred a few days ago. There has been no interference by the strikers. The Illawarra Union supports the strike, as it is considered that a reduction at Austinmer will mean a further reduction at the other collieries. The University examinations were con tinued in the old Courthouse morning and afternoon yesterday. Mrs. Gordon, Miss Allan, the Rev. C. Whyte, and Messrs. G. Bowick, jun., W. Humble, J. Scott, G. Leishman, and J. Blinksby were the mem bers of the committee present, and arithmetic and .algebra were the subjects taken. On the ensuing days the following si bjects will be taken :-To-day, geometry and French; Friday, Latin "ind geology; Tuesday, model and geometrical drawing; Thursday after ternoon, physiology; Fridaymorning, mucic. Altogether there are 58 male and 25 female candidates for the junior; seven male for the senior, and one male for the Civil service. The adjourned hearing of the application of A. H. AM'Eachern, affecting the ownership of the Dora Dora Tin-mining Company's lease, came before the Warden's Court on Tuesday. M'Eachern, who was pioneer of the company, applied for tho lease in hisname and this has not been transferred, thoughi possession of the mine has passed from M'Eachern to the company. An inquiry was asked for on the ground that the department should have sent the lease to M'Eachern for signature. MiEachern admitted that ids motive for attacking the lease was because he had a claim against the company for work and labour done. A receipt was produced showing that MIEachorn had acknowledged being paid in full for his services to the com pany. He had been given 2500 paid-up shares, and admitted that he had been fairly treated by the company in all respects, ex cepting as to a claim for some extras on a contract. The warden will forward his report to the department. "Buckets," in a letter on the recent drowning of Thomas Thomas, writes: "There ought to be some sort of a gangboard from the wharf to the :vessel lying alongside, be it punt or steamer. I believe that there is a far- me Board regulation in existence which compels a gangway to be placed from the vessel to the shore, and underneath that a net, commonly called a she oak net. If such is the case this rule has always been studi ously avoided in the Government vessels, and had these appliances been in position on Saturday night no doubt such an accident would never have happened. According to the evidence of Captain O'Hare the punt was 2ft 6in from the piles, thus proving at once the necessity for havin,- a gangboard pro vided for these vessels.a The wharf, too, is very badly lighted, and oftentimes the timber is stacked so close to the edge that it is very diflicult for even a sober man to get along the wharf in safety. It is hopel that the Muarine Board authorities will see that proper arrangements are made whereby the men can get on and off the Go veriment boats in safety. It seems mon strots that a man should bo drowned within three or four yamds of the shore when ho had two companions with him." A bazaar will be opened in the Ruthbrglcn Hall, at 3 o'clock, by Mrs. Croft in aid of church funds. The monthly meeting of the Northern Caledonian Society will be held this evening in Bankier's Hall. A competitive entertainment for young ladies will be held to-night in the Freo Methodist Church. Curnow and party have crushed 50 tons of stone, yielding 750e of retorted gold, from Splitters Gully, Stuart Town. The eight-hour committee hell their usual fortnightly meeting last night, and transasted a large amount of routine business. Verdi will be 80 years of age on the 10th of October, when he will be presented with a jewelled album containing the signatures of all the musical celebrities of the day. The Fourth Regiment Band will play a selection of pieces on the reserve to-night, commencing at 7.30. It is intended to repeat the performance every alternate Thursday. In another column is published the excel lent programme to be given to-night at Mr. Neville Barnett's organ recital in the St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Laman street. A public meeting under the auspices of the Lay-Methodist Church will be held in the Adamstown Reserve on Sunday afternoon. A collection will be made on behalf of the distressed. A dealer named Benjamin Simes, age 27, was arrested yesterday on a charge of having stolen a sot of harness from Annandale, Syd ney. A quantity of very valuable plate was found in his room. The dead body of a man, whose name is unknown, has been found on Yerranbah station, near New Angledool. It was covered over with stones and the skull was smashed in. Foul play is suspected. Nothing was found on the body to lead to its identifica tion. Mr. Parker Lewis, the well-known reciter, has decided to commence a season at the Newcastle Masonic Hall on Saturday next. It is his intention to make the recitals popular Saturday night entertainments, a form of amusement that it is well patronised in Sydney. The Japanese have many curious custems. They begin a book at what we call the last page, and the end ib where we have the title page. Horses, when in their stalls, face the door of the stable; men, and not women, do the sewing, and push the needles in and out from them instead of towards them. Scientists find a puzzle in the fact that while 5300 houses in Zante were destroyed by the recent earthquake, due, as they believe, to the action of erosive currents in the sea, the submarine cables about the island lie undisturbed and unharmed beneath the For some weeks the stock traffic from New England to Sydney has been brisk, and it gives indications of increased vigour. Yester day 240 trucks of cattle and sheep passed through Newcastle for the Homebush yards. The greater part of the stock came from Narrabri and Quirindi and was of prime quality. Among the Chinese there is a curious belief that it is possible to economise in food by abstaining from muscular exertion. Thus when wages fall below a certain point,, poor Chinamen prefer not work, because they con sider that they would have to take more food to repair the waste than the work done would produce. The river Murray is now rising rapidly, and as the snow has commenced to melt, the residents of the Lower Murray are pre paring for the spring flood, which promises to be heavier than usual. Steck-owners living on the lowlyinglands are removing their cattle, both here and on the Mitta Mitta, which is also in flood. M'Dougall and party report having found pavabld gold about 11 miles from Forbes, on the Parkes road. After sinking 2Sft they struck dry wash, and obtained tldwt from eight dishes. They have driven 9ft into the lead, and are not across it yet. The gold is shottyand watnrwo'rn. A great m-.iny people have left for the scene of thefind. At the Greta Police Courtyesterday, before Dr. Walker, A. E. Davis, and Alderman Thos. Jones, 3s.P., Gea. Hodges was sum moned for a breach of the Public Instruction Aft by not sending his son to school. A fine of 2s 6d, and 5s 6d costs, in default 12 hours in the lookup, was inflicted. Seven days was allowed to pay the money. In the Y.M.C.A. Hall a limelight enter tainment will be given to-night; entitled "Round the World with a Camera." The vews embrace scenery in Egypt, New Zea land, America, and many places of interest. The proceeds are in aid of the Y.M.C. As sociation General Fund. Great indignation is expressed at Armidale at the proposed alteration of the railvay time table which is under the consideration of the Commissioners. The proposal is that the Syd ney train shall arrive at 3 a.m., and the Bris bane train at I a.m. Efforts are being made to organise and hold an indignation meeting, and to send a protest to the Railway Cbmmis sioners. A ghost is said in haunt a house at Chalk Farm, England. It is credited with hurling stones, breaking the windows from the inside. Thousands of people assemble nightly in the hope of seeing the intruder, and prayers, asking for some explanation, have been offered up in the house by a clergyman. The stones are said to be often so thrown as just to escape the faces of the children living in the house. A notorious female swindler has been sen tenced to three years' imprisonment in Paris. She has a dozen husbands living. She advertised for a husband, describing herself most flatteringly, and said she had a for tune of £120,000. She married one wealthy suitor after another, only to decamp a day or two after the wedding with the presents and whatever else she could lay her hands The AsHyPornis maxhins is the biggest bird either living or extinct, being more than 10ft high and flihtless. It was formerly to be frequently niet with in It"adagascar, and the eggs are occasionally found now buried in the sand. The egg is in proportion to the size of the bird, being 34:- in its longest circumference and 28in girth. Some idea of its immense proportions can be obtained from the fact that it is equal in bulk to six ostrich egs or 16- emu eggs, while its empty shell would hold 148 fowls' eggs, or no fewer than 50,000 of those of the hnmming bird. The Inverell Quarter Sessions were opened on Monday, before Judge Coffey. William Grant, a youth, was charged with the manslaughter of a Chinaman, at Tingha, on 20th May. The acensed, his father, and brother were working at i mining claim which three Chinamen claimed, and attempted to take forcibly. In a row that ensued one of the Chinamen was struck on the head with a stone thrown, according to the Chinamen's evidence, by the accused, and knocked insensible. He died a day or two afterwards. The accused was acquitted. Charles Higgins, charged with horse-stealing, was found guilty, and received three years' hard labour. It has been stated in political circles that some change is likely to take place at an early date in the leadership of the Freetrade Party. The head of the land-tax section of the party, Mr. G. H. Reid, has frequently stated that he is ready to retire, and it is said a'strong body of Freetraders are determined to make a change, and put someone else at the head of affairs. Rumour has it that this is the period at which Sir Henry Parkes will reappear on the scene again. The members who have pledged themselves so definitely with the Reid-Wise platform however, it is stated, will not assent to any sueh change being made, and if their chief will not give way there is a prospect of when Parliament meets having a double-headed Opposition. Messrs. Creer and Berkeley will sell by. auction this afternoon, at their roomsi, fruit trees, flowering plants, hnd ornamental shrubs. 