BLACKWOOD. (FROM OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT). The concert and ball in aid of the Improvement Fund of tbe Catholic Chapel at lied Hill was held iu the Mechanics' Institute l»st Friday night, October 27th, and was patronised by such a crowd as is rarely seen nowadays iu our distriot. The house was paoked, standing room being all that was available for many during the first part of the ooiicert. The chair was ably aud efficiently filled by Mr W. Hayden, who was aUo the hon. eoc., and who is to be co n- plimeated for the amount of talent hu brought together from Blackwood and the surrounding districts to make the concert the success that it was. The programme as given out by the chairman was as follows:— Overture, " The great Globe," Misses Maguire and J. Hayden ; Song, "Queen of the Earth," Mr Mackie; sang, " The told Abbey Ruin, " Miss L. Turner ,• duet, " Very suspicious, " Miss llees and Mr Audcrson ; Character Impersonations, Mr D. liiely ; duet, "The beauty nf the Valley, " Misses Burgess j song, " A miner's dream (if Homo," Mr A. Cunningham ; Sand Jig, Mr W. ligan; recitation, " The controlling iuflueuce of driuk," Mr J. Murphy ; soug, " What is love, " Miss Goodge ; song, (comic), " Selling up the happy home," Mr J. Barnes j soug, "Ring on sweet Angelas,"( Mrs Byres; song, ''When the tide comes in," Miss Barnes ; Banjo, " Comicalities," Mr J. Spencer ; song, " Come down and open the door," Mr Mulligan. Interval of 5 minutes. Partll. Song, "Sing me an Euglish soug," Miss Mackie; song, " Half-mast high," Miss Rees; song, (comic) " Dr Quack" Mr Anderson ; " Vcntriloquial Exhibition," Mr ICigly \ eong, "Leaving old Ireland." Mr A; Cunningham ; song, " The Tipperary Christening," Mr J. Barnes; song, " Brightei days will come again," Miss Goodge ; soug and dance, " Mary Molloy," Mr W. Egan ; Burlesque Lecture, Mr J. Murphy; Side splitting farce entitled, " The f jur o'clock train." by J. Wilkinson, J, Spencer, with G. Carruthcrs as ghost. The eucores for the evening were the duet by Miss llees and Mr Aodersou ; soug by Mr Cunningham, " Tbe Miner's Dream," and the comic -ougs of Mr Anderson, Mr J. Barnes, anil Mr Mulligan. MI'SB Rees is deserving of special praise for the manner in which she acquitted herself and for the distance she willingly came to assist at the concert, also Mr Barnes and Mr Mulligan. Of the IOC-JI singers Miss Mackie and Mr A. Mackie aDd Miss Goodge were perhaps the best out of many good ones. Tbe chairman in thank ng the audience for their patrouage aud the kind attention during the evening said it pleased him to see such a number present. It was to be expected that the membetB of their own church would roll up in full force to make the concert a success, but he was highly gratified to see so mauy of different denominations present with them, a fact which went to show bow harmoniously the different denominations worked together in Blackwood to assist each other in any good work. The ball which followed, was also crowded, between 45 aud 50 couples attended and kept time to the music supplied by Mr Cavasher and Co., ua'il long after daylight appeared, under the direction of MrM. Armstrong who officiated as M.C. The refreshments provided for the ball were got up in an excellent manner by tbe following ladies: Misses O'Brien, Hayden, Lee, Kenny, Matti, Beasley and O'Callaghan who are to be congratulated for the many good things provided on this occasion. The secretary states that more than £20 has been realised by tbe concert and ball after all expenses were paid. A concert was also held at Gatlick's Lead, on Thursday, 20th October, in aid of the Church of England, and met with a fair measure of success, the big attraction at Red Hill on the following evening keeping a good many people from attending who would have attended had it been on a different night, A cricket match was played at Blue Mountain on Saturday, betweeo tbe Lyonville aud the Blue Mountain cricket clubs, and resulted in an easy win for the Blue Mountain club. The Lyonville players could only manage to score 3S against the mountaineers bowling, whilst the Lyonville bowlers could not dispose of the mouutain players until they had scored over 130, beiug 90 IUUS to the good. For the winners the Walters' family uf Barry's Reef scored the greater part of the runs, whilst for the losers, Suttou, of football fame did the greater part of the work, both in bowling and batting. The Blackwood aud Barry's Reef clubs were to have met on the Blackwood ground, ou Saturday, but through a misunderstanding between the captain and secretary of the Blackwood club as to who should accept "challenges" the match fell through, through the Barry's Reef club not getting an answer to their challenge. They were greatly surprised on coming to Red Hill ou Friday night to see the names of the Black- wood eleven on the notice board, when they knew that they had not received an answer to their challenge. It is a pity that the secretaries of the different clubs could not get together and draw up a list of matches so that each club by looking at its programme would know that it had to meet such a club on such a day, this I think would obviate the necessity of writing and accepting challenges and also prevent any misunderstanding whatever. The Blackwood club play the Blakeville" players at Blakeville next Saturday when an interesting game is looked forward to, it being the initial match of both clubs for this year. The Beneditti Co., at Green Hills, had another wash up on Saturday last, but it was not as good as they expected. The returns from the last lot puddled not going 2dwts to the load, at least this is what one is led to believe by asking some of the shareholders, who accouut for the falling off by saying that they are driving over some light reef at present. . Messers Sweet and Murphy have had their quartz crushed at Byrnes Battery aud cleaned up last Saturday; the 28 tons crushed yielding 171 023 o£ smelted gold, or an average of a little more than 12 dwts to the ton. Owing to having to do a lot of driving this time in getting out this crushing, even this seemingly good thing has hardly paid them wages, but now that tbey have for the time finished driving, they will be able to get out the next crushing much quicker than the last one, and provided that it still goes 12 dwts to the ton the next crushing that they have will yield them a handsome dividend. , - , Messrs Burgers and Vigor have started putting through another 2 or 3 hundred tons of cement at Staughton's battery, and will continue to do so as long as it proves pay- Messrs Williams and Terrill have cleaned . after another month's crushing, during which time they have put through their battery about 280 tons of sand, and whicb has yielded them something like 15 ozs 5 dwts of smelted gold, considering the little expense that this Company are under this should give them at any rate good wages if not more than wages. Levy Bros, are having a trial crushing of their reef crushed at Williams and Terrill's Battery this week. They intend putting through about 25 tons, to see how it will turn out. They have started carting, with two drays, and as they have to cart it all around Red Hill, the Back Creek road being too had to bring a loaded dray over they can only bring in six loads a day. Having to cart their quartz such a distance takes a good deal of the profit of their crushing, but it is to be hoped that they will obtaiu such yields from their venture as will enable them to pay all expenses and have something to the good as well. Many mining men who haveseen this reef declare that the prospects are as good as any on Blackwood at the ^Themeasles are very prevalent here at present, numbers of families being down with them, in many instances nil the family with the exception of the parents taking them. Young people quiet grown up who had looked upon them as only a child's complaint have had to undergo all the many different treatments for the cure of this non-respectiug Oif^unday last a fox den was discovered by some young boys who upon cutting it out had the extreme pleasure of killing four young foxes. , . , _ I regret to state that the services of Mr K. Keuafick have been dispensed with by the Education department at the close ot the )resent month, October. He has, I may say, joen iu charge of. the Dale's Creek school for about 2 years. 