CHAPTER XXXV. The looked out men had no great cause for rejoicing; nevertheless, there were a few happy hearts in Homestead, Lettie Leith, thanks to her brave efforts, had her hero-lover back again, and j in n fair way to recovery; besides, she was at home to the gre it joy and comfort of hor old father’s heart. . “I don’t know what I should have done with myself, Lottie,” ho arid o »e night, as they sab, together when supper was over, “ if you had i’t sent that little old market-woman to look after me. She just beat anything I ever seen for keeping thinks in order, and glyin’ a hungry man a good meal. Do you know, my dear, if yo.u come, back as soon as.you did, L guess I’d o gone in for sparkin’ the old woman and axin’, her ta be my wife. Whit d’yn think o’ that?” “Oh, father, I think it would have been a capital idea!” cried Lottie, laugh ing and clapping her hands. “ Yon do, hoy? Why, I was a-thinkin* you’d be dead sob ag’iu sich a tiling. I say, Lottie, I wonder what's become of the old woman ; I haven’t sot eyes on her since you came home/’ “ Why, good gracious ! I see her round town every day.” “ You tell me so.1- ( was a-thiak in’ she had loft forpirts unknown. “ See her*, Lottie, when you see hor agiin ask her in to take a bite o’ supper with us.” “ Indeed I will, father.” A mom ?nt later Lot ie slipped from the room, and thinking she had gone to bed, Ihe old striker filled his pipe and was about to sally forth for a pot of beer and a confab with his confederates, when a knock at the side door ut‘ractod his at tention. “ Who’s there, I wonder?” he grumbled. Opening the door, ho was both surprised and delighted to see his old friend, the market woman. “ Well, God bless my soul, me and Lottie was this minute talkin’ of you. Oorae in, ma’am, and I’ll call my darter down.” “Never mind, sir it’s yourself I’ve come to see, and not your daughter,”‘said the old market woman, pertly, sailing in and helping berself to a chair. “Oh, ho, 1|Q! come to see an old codger like mV’ laughed old Tim. “ Well, that’s no end of a good joke. You’ll ba tollin' me you'd be willin' to marry me pres ently.” , “ Not before you ask me sir,” The old striker laughed uproariously. “ Your tongue's as sharp as a briar, my friend,” ho said ; “ but I don't-believe a word you say. However, we’ll*think the matter over. Let tie, Lettie, I say, come down, here’s an old friend come to visit us.” No answer came from above, and pre sently the old man called again. “ Don't bother your daughter, sir,” said the-old woman. “X daresay she’s gone to bed, and if you don’t object, 1*1 f follow her example.” Then, while the old man stood staring in amazement, the li'tle woman bounded put of her chair and proceeded to divest herself of her outside apparel. First her bonnet w<-nt, then her >-hiwl and black skirt, (hen she swept th * f.«lse wig from her h ad, and. stood her own ch inning srif i cforc her old father’s wondering eyes. “ Why L 't'.ief’ he cried. “ Good Lord, child, wh it dors this mean f ’ / V Sit down,,father, and 1M tell yen.” The old man sat down, and Lettie told him the strange story of her adventure?. “ Well, wall, well,” said the bewildered old man when she had finished. “ I can’c believe my own ears. It was a shame to deceive your old father so, Lettie. I’m hot sure I can.ever forgive you ” But Lottie caught him round the neck with her'soft arms andsilenced hur with kisses.' ■' “Yes, you will, father; yes, you will. Remember, I did it all for Jack’s sake. To describe the joy' and* gratitude of Dan Lomax and hia 'wife' at having the son, of .whose brave deeds they were so justly proud, restored to them, is im possible;bat evei while they rejoiced their hearts were crashed with grief. Where.was D .ffxlil t Where was tie pretty, blue-eyed girl, her mother’s idol, the pride of her fond old father's heart ? Nobody could tell ’ Day and night Donald Bayne had kept up his untiring search, but id vain. No trace of the lost one could be found. “ My darling is dead' I shall never see' her swpet face again;” he said, and in the bitterness of his greet sorrow, recalling those tender, repentant words, written perhaps with the blood that had once warmed the hapless soflVrer’ti heart, the strung man repented more than once, anJ wished that he had not given up his long-cherished revenge. And so the summer days came and i went. j Mom and night *he dram-beat of the ! state troops was heard on the hills, and the hopes of the looked-out men grew weaker and weaker. Nevertheless, sturdy and unyielding as the iron of their native hill*, they refused (ogiveup the fight. “ We’ll have our rights,” they said, '* if we are compelled to wait for years,” and Donald Bayne, though a law-abiding man, stood shoulder to shoulder with his com rades and echoed their sentiments. . In the midst of this came a Sabbath night, wild with wind and rain The church-going was all over. Little crowds had ceased to gather under the awnings and in the open doorways of °o*taizo homes, and the streets were quite deserted. Donald JBayno sat alone in h*s own room, with a strange feeling in his h-arfc, a premonition of something that was about to happen. He had b’on thinkingofprettyDiffodil, and of that mnraonhlo night when, ylad ing to his better impulses, he gave up his cherished revenge. Had he done ill or wall, he wondered, and what would be the outcome of it all ? Life seemed very dark to the young strike leader, and but for the conviction that to lift one’s hand against one’s self is the act of a coward, he would gladly have put an end to his miserable exis tence. The sound of the wind rustling like unseen wings amid the trees, and shriek ing with wailing cries round the corners, caused his strong nerves to thrill with nameless pain and terror. The patter of the rain against the window-pane* seemed to bo the sound of ghostly fingers. *• Where was Daffodil, his pretty little sweetheart, in the midst of all this T The question rang in his ears again and again, almost driving him mad. “ I can’t stand this I” he groaned nt Ust, springing up from his se it.. “ I see n to hear her voice calling me ! Oh, my God ! when will this tartar© o >d?” He buttoned up his coat and left the room, intending to go forth into the storm and darkness, but as he, reached the head of the stairs the bell rang a startling peal. The young man dashed down- with headlong speed, and throwing open the door stood face to facs with Dolly Burns. Her black hair, loosened from its fiscenings, fell about her shoulders in a dripping mass, her cheeks were scarlet her blaok eyes shone like stars, and she drew her breath in panting gasps. “Donald Bayne I” she cried, extending both her hards, “ I told you I should never come again until I brought you good news, and I am hero Daffodil, Lomax is found !” The young strike-loader reeled back as if struck by a sudden blow, and for an instant both strength and reason threat ened to desert, but with his next breath he rallied and stood like a rock, a dazzling light in his sombre eyes. ~ “ Whore is she ?” ho said in a hoarse voice. “At my house. She came to me just now like a ghost in the storm and dark ness, too weak to apeak a word, a shadow of her o’d self, bat st : ll ulwo.” “ God bo praised !” Half an hour later a happy group filled the Burns’s cottage. Dan Lomax and his wife w.»r» tlnre, and two physicians sum non-xl by D maid in hot hast>*,and oa the sumo low couch be tween tin window-*, where she had lain once before, wai the Ung- loit D»ff»dil, white, emaciated, scarcely able to lift h ;r finger, but with reason and roc ignition in her tender eyes. Dolly Barns stood waiting in the hall when, afior a long stay, the two physi cians oime down. “ Will she live* doctor 1” she demanded of tin first one, “ Oh, yea, with proper treatment. Sin mast have suffer'd terribly, poor child, and seems alarmingly run down, but the chances are that she’ll pull through.” Dolly darted away without a word, and bursting into the little sitting-room where her husband awaited her,.threw herself into his arms. <r Oh, Ned !” she sobbed, while a: great deluge of tears poured over her cheeks, “Pm the happmafc woman in the round world, and I deserve to be iho moot miser able wretch on the-top of the earth ” . “Nqaßense,Dolly!” said the happy yonne fellow,, clasping her to his heart and mak ing a futile effort to kiss away her tears. “ You’re not half as happy as you deserve to bo,” There is little else to tell, only that on a certain summer day, heedless of strike’ troubles and other such grievances, the Homestead steeples rung merrily in honor of a double wedding. Jack Lomax and Lottie Leith, and pretty Daffodil and Donald Bayne wen* the happy couple*. “My darling,” the young strike-leader had said a week or two previous, when Daffodil, restored to comparative health and-strength, sat beside him, and with his .bands clasping hers, told him the strange story of her perils and miraculous escapes since .the fatal day when she was lured from the safe shelter of her father’s home, “my darling, are you sure that through oil yon have cared for me t” “ Very sure, Donald; I have cared fo yon and you only from first to last. I ihink I must hav£ ’been bereft of my senses when I threw you over, Donald, -and listened to what that bad mdu told me; Oh, I shudder when I think of it a"l, but I prayed to God to help me to es cipe, and He did. I was carried to_ an old house in the country and kept under lock and key, but I tore up the bed clothes one night and swung myself ou' of a high window, and walked miles and miles until I go*, back t > Homestead.” “My poor child I Daffodil, it is need, less to say that I have loved you all my life. You know that, and X would glad ly ask you to be my wife at once, bub my occupation is gone, and there is no telling when these troub'es will end.” : “Never mind abotit that, Donald,” said Daffodil,, leaning her-choek against his arm, “if you are poor, I shan’t mind. I am willing to ba your wife jus*; as soou as you want me', because. F shoolcLhayc ho fear then of that bid Pinkerton man.” “The Pinkerton nnn ean never harm you, dear. He was killed in a gambling house in Pittsburgh a few night ago. Bat Daffodil, are yon sure you love mel” “Let the future prove that,” she said, looking np with happy eyes. , So the. marriage bells hmg merrily, and the dopble wedding Went on. ■ Which goes to prove that although men mast work and womeo most weep, love is lord of all. [thekkd]. 