THE MALIGHANCY OF INANI MATE THINGS. A rising foreign philosopher has, we are told, been developing a onnons theory as to the malignancy of inanimate objeots. The author of the theory appeals very wisely in the first instance to ^he common experience of all human beings, and then, haring scoured that substantial basis of acknowledged fact, proceeds to work out his general theory. Many another doctrine—that for instance of the ghost revisiting the glimpses of the moon — it argued after a different fashion, and even after a different principle. It would be of no use now-a-days to begin with an appeal to_ our common experience of ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who declared that in one of the great battles of Spain Saint James himself had CHARGED TINDER THE SPANISH FLAG, but added modestly, “unworthy that I was, although in the battle I was not favored with a sight of the blessed saint.” But the philosopher who theorises about the malignanoy of inanimate objects can seize at once upon a common and indeed universal experience. Let ns have the faots to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all events we can get on the way to it. Who does not often writhe under ana storm at the malignancy of inanimate objeots ? The footstool that was un doubtedly put carefully into a comer—how does it come to be in themiddle of the room ? The fire which was blazing up a mo ment ago—why is it dead out already. The water tap from which one fills a jug seems never to flow freely while he stands over it; but let him divert his attention for one moment to any other object, and AFTEE H M THE DFLBOF.. Ths latch-key—but then, perhape, we had better not lay too much btrees on the troubles withthelatoh-key.inasmuohasunphiloeophioal . levity might suggest unwelcome explanations, 'fhe pebble that comes in the way of thehero • horse and upsets the hero is a striking illus tration on a grand scale of this alleged in veterate malignancy of inanimate objects. On a smaller scale of illustration, why should the razor which shaves so keenly one day utterly decline to Bhave at all the next day, and then, being neglected and thrown aside I for a week, establish a new and malignly meant claim when TBIED AGAIN IN DESPAIR, and become sharp as tne Boman King’s razor which out the whetstone throngh? Why will the watch stop at the very time when we most want it to keep going on? We might go on through a whole catalogue of such experiences, the daily ex periences of most of ns. There is no question—there oan be none—as to the experience. Let any of us take notice on any day of the number of times on which he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, made to lose his temper—sometimes almost made to lose his wits by inanimate objeots, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate better the force of the new philesophio theory. We confess that, although we find the theory interesting, we do not see that it is likely to enrich the world with any new and practical rales for the guidance of every day or any day life. Because if these in animate things are really malignant, they will be malignant still, after philosophy shall have recognised the PACT OP THEIR MALIGNITY. But, if we were to refuse to consider a theory merely because we did not see what practical good considering it would do, we Bhonld be cutting ourselves off from some of the finest theories with which philosophy has from tune to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries of evolntion, the vexations and impatiences of mankind under the refrao tory oonduot of inanimate objeots, have at ast orystallised themselves into a theory, wo feel hound to commend it topuhlie considera tion, even although we do notfeelinany way assured that the common round and the daily task will be made much the easier by its recognition. Nothing can be in its way itUUTATXNG THAN THE LUCIFER MATCH. Who can tell -when it will light, when it will refuse to light, when it will break m the middle, when it will snap off just at the top after lighting, and leave its fiery head on one’s hand? Bo* ,11 fiii, toU go on no doubt even after the world has accepted the philosophic theory match jbu«.,in»lHJMMidja gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot educate or oonvert or punish a luoifer match any more than we can an ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. Bat we are for receiving and discussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the feelings of a human being now and then to know that when his water ing for no apparent reason broke away from its handle, or when his coffee at a railway station would not cool in time to let him swallow it before the starting of his train, or when his ooffee at home cooled so instanta neously as to make him unwilling to swallow it at ail—it might perhaps relieve his feelings to know that he was straggling against a malicious enemy, and not suffering from a commonplace accident. A great devotee of Schopenhauer, develop ing not long since a: principle of that philo sopher, discussed the possibility of bringing an odious and hopeless world to a oloee by an act of universal suicile. But he admitted certain doubts as to the feasibility of accomplishing snob a purpose. The whole Iranian race might, he thought, be brought into that league of universal self-obliteration. Even the lower animals might he persuaded or coerced into the same arrangement. ' Bnt his hesitation was as to what are called—unphilosophically no doubt—the inanimate things. His convic tion was that the world began with the inani mate tbingB, as we call them. Thev started the whole business, and then came the lower animals, and then came man. Now suppose man were universally willing to extinguish himself—what guarantee oould he possibly have from these inanimate things that the moment he had disappeared they would SIAM THE WHOLE MACHINE OF EXISTENCE all over again. Yon cannot have a compact with the sands of the de sert or the salt of the sea or the stones in a quarry. You cannot have a treaty with the dust of the highway or an alliance with the coals in a mine. Even if you could have such an arrangement, who oould answer for its being carried out ? Who could trust these things to keep their plighted words? The moment our hacks were turned they would be sure to set the whole mechanism going again, just for the perverse fun of the business. Now it seems to us that there is a great deal of practical good Benue in that idea. It works in very well, also, with the theory of the later philosopher about the malignancy of inani mate things. The moment these inanimate objects found that there was anything man kind particularly wanted them to do, then they would instantly, and OUT OF SHEBK MALICE, make up'their minds not to do it. We can judge of that from that common and trying daily experience to which we have already referred. The disciple of Schopenhauer had 1 not, perhaps, when he developed his doubts ever heard of what we may call the in animate malignancy theory. Bnt if he had heard of it, and admitted that there was something in it, ho would assuredly have found himself strengthened in his wholesome scepticism. He might still find sermons in stones, but he would feel sure that it would be futile to trust to the promise of a stone that it would cease growing just to oblige him.—“ Daily News.” 