CHAPTER XtX. SUSPENsE. Captain Dunning paused, arrested by the imperativeness of the call, thrilled in spite of his conviction that Sibyl's mind was unsettled by the startling nature of her assertions. Then he caught sight of Madam Ruel's face. An agony of fear was on it. " Go, go, go!" she breathed to him, with white lips, lifting both hands, trembling with excitement. He hesitated an instant, then went hur riedly on, driven by the awful force of that anguished appeal, almost against his judgment. Madam Ruel swept like a tornado across the wide hall, and up the velvet stairway to where Sibyl stood. Half a dozen servants, hearing something unusual, had rushed to the spot, and were staring with all their might, At an angry gesture from madam they retired, precipitately, but not beyond hearing. ' A few more exhibitions of this. kind," said Madam Ruel, fiercely, to her lovely daughter-in-law, " and no specialist will be needed to decide upon the question of your insanity." Sibyl scarcely heard her. She was look ing with an emotion almost of despair after Captain Dunning a receding figure. Evidently he regarded her warning as the wild talk of a crazy woman only. Would any one ever believe her again? "How much longer, are you going to stand here for the servants to stare at?' madam asked, angrily. Sibyl withdrew her gloomy gaze from watching the distance, where Captain Dun ning had vanished. .' "Madam Ruel," she said, in low, solemn tones, .' you hate me I know, but I can't believe you are bad enough to want mur der done in this house." Madam started violently, and caught at the banister, as if to save herself from falling. " Go up stairs !" she hissed, in more bitter tones than before. " You must be mad, indeed, to say such things." Sibyl's ,ark, gloomy gazerested wonder ingly on her countenance a moment; then, without another word, she turned and left her. ,Madain Ruel went, with slow, dragging steps and heavy heart, back to where Jasper and Belle anxiously awaited her. Jasper looked with gloomy, angry looks to her account of what had passed. An expression of absolute terror came into his eyes, when she told what Sibyl had said about his being Rick Halsey. "Good heavens '" he cried. "What shall be done with her? Sheis not safe to be at liberty. She may say the same thing to anyone. It is a shame she got into the library and heard what Dunning was after I should think you might have kept her out-."?-. - "She was already there when I went in. The mischief was already done." said his mother.--" All I could do was to tell him she was crazy." " Did he believe you ?" "He seemed to. What-in the world made you keep such a letter as that ? should think you would have destroyed it the instant you had read it." -"So should 1," said Jasper, sullenly; " but it seems I didn't." " Well, it is that letter that has done the mischief." "Perhaps no mischief is done," said Belle. "If he thinks Sibyl is insane, he won't pay any attention to what she said. If he goes to Columbus, as he spoke of doing, we shall know there is no harm done." " I don't believe he will go." "He said he should, and I think he meant it.' : "So do I," said.Belle. "But it is easy enough finding out whether he does or not." •"How ?" " By watching him." " I'd like to know, who is going to do the watching?" Jasper growled. "I will." . " You I" he exclaimed, contemptuously. And madam looked frighfened. % Belle shrugged her shoulders. "I can fix myself up.so he will not know me. I am good at that sort of thing. Be. sides, there is no need of his seeing me. Shall Igo' - : : .. "Yes, I suppose. so,'!. said Jasper,ý Un graciously. " It's a risk, but we've got to find out somehow what becomes of him. Yon are not going to play me. any double game, are youi Belle ?" "Well, not this afternoon," she said slowly. " I can't promise for the future."' Belle looked expressively at Madam Ruel as she left the room to prepare, and madam followed her. "How is my, unhappy son u" madam ques. tioned in a breathless whisper. " Doing better'than :I expected," Belle answered. "But don't let Jasper have any money. He is sure to,ask you, and there is mischief brewing?betweenhim and Doctor Varle. If/ou want:to stop it, don't: give him any money." Belle.spoke in a whisper, too. Madam shuddered. She thodght of Sibyl's dreadful words. ?? "Not a penny," she-said, clenching her teeth. Jasper waited till.Bello had gone, and then sure enough he did ask his mother for money, so large a sum- five hundred dollars -that her blood turned chilly in her veins. " What can' you want - that sum of money for, Jasper ?" she asked. " I want it, and that is enough. I want it to-night, too," he said, surlily. " To-night I" Madam Ruel fairly gasped. She- shook her. head, slowly, and without speaking. - - Jasper looked at her with darkly.angry, impatient eyes. "I owe it to old Varle, if you must know," he said, "though I don't see what difference it makes." Madam uttered an exclamation of horror. " You can't have five hundred dollars from me to give to him." she said. bitterly. " Why not to hint in particular I" he asked, sneeringly. " Because you can't owe him any such sum as that for any good purpose." "Oh, indeed. We!l. what bad purpose could ! owe to him for Come, talk it right out I" "I will not give you the money." " You must, mother, if you want Ken to tet well," he said, a little less ill- naturedly than he had spoken before. "I promised D ctor Varle five hundred down as soon as he got here it he would undertake the case. It is a desperate one, you know, and the ,itoation is desperate. We can't take up the whole time of a physician like Varle, and keep the business a secret, too, for nothing. Be reasonable now, mother. You know I have no money. Belle has got it all." "I will not let you have the money," madam repeated once more. "Very well-don't, then !" he said, angrily. "You've got some nonsense in Jour head about Varle that you had better get out of it if gou want Ken ever to be wtll again. Varle won't stay without money." "Thank God!" madlam exclaimed, fer vently. "I will thank God on my knees the hour that spectre-faced demon is oat of my house l" "You are a fool I" Jasper iround out be. tween his teeth, and went out of the room, shutting the door with a bang that echoed over the house. He did not know what to do with himself till Belle came back. He did not like to leave the upper floor or to go out of doors, lest Captain Dunning might return and ran across him. Belle was gone a long time. It grew dark. He was worried and anxious. Madam RBel came out into the hall now and then, where he was walking back and forth ceaselessly. She looked troubled, too, but she did not speak to him. He started to go and have a conference with Doctor Varle, hut as he came in sight of the door, Sybil Prince emerged from the shadows and faced him, pale as a ghost; and with strange, menacing eyes. He went into his own apartments at last. "Curse these women, anyway I" he muttered, as he stamped about over the richly-carpeted floor. "If it is not one, it is aunther. If I had that money now, I don't know but I would throw up the whole business here and run for it. Why don't Belle come? I swear I begin to be afraid she has gone back on me I "No, she wouldn't do that," he corrected himself, after a pause. " She is too fond of me. I wish I knew positively whether she has that money. But I don't, and I don't know how to find out. She would be just as likely to pretend she had it when she had never seen it as any other way. And if she has it, I couldn't make her give it up unless she chose, to save my life. I don't believe she knows what fear is. Nothing short of killing would ever conquer her." He ground out a savage oath as he tflung himself into a big, purple- cashioned easy chair and sat scowling. There came a soft tap upon the door. "Come in 1" he called, irritably. It was Belle. She made an exquisite pic tore as she stood there, framed in the door way. The flame of the gas-jet near lighted up the bronzy, glittering hair, and made the gleaming eyes look like emerald stars. " Come inside and shut the door, can't you ?" Jasper said, with nervous impatience. " You don't suppose I want the whole house to hear what 1 am saying 2" " Why not 1" Belle retorted, provokingly, as she came in and closed the door. ' What made you so long? Has he gone?" asked Jasper, eagerly. Belle nodded. " I had to wait till after dark to find aut. He has only just now gone away, on the stage that runs to the junction. I began to be afraid he was coming back here." " Not gone till now I" Jasper exclaimed. " What has he been doing 7" "Going about the town, questioning peolle slyly about the situation up here at the IHall." Jasper blanched. '"Suspicious, eh 1 That looks bad. Some of my mother's blundering, of course; 1 wonder if he found out anything ?" -" I don't think so. The sentiment of the village seems to be all ene way. Mrs Ken rick Prince is supposed to have been made crazy by the injuries she received in the smash-up, and, if John Donning had any doubts on the subject before he questioned these people, I don't think he has any now." Jasper looked at her curiously. " Well, what is it " she asked. "Why do sou look at me that way 7" "You always call your father John Dunning now," he said. " I don't intend to disgrace him by ever calling him father again while you are alive," Belle said, calmly. " No1" he questioned. "Perhaps you expect to outlive me ?" S I think I shall, in spite of you," Belle said, very quietly, but lifting a gaze to his face that somehow made him feel chilly. "I wonder." he said, trying to throw off the luncomfortable sensation, "if Dunning will come back here and try again, after he has done Columbus to his satisfaction l" "Most certainly," Belle returned, moving toward the door. " Wait a minute I" Jasper exclaimed. "I want to talk to you about that money." " Do you mean that you want to chotke me about it ?" she asked, drily. Jasper looked like a thunder-cloud for a moment. Then he forced an awkward, con strained kind of a laugh. " See here, Belle," said he, " what is the use of being in a muss all the time? Let us kiss and make up." !' With all my heart I" she answered. And, going back to him, she laid a hand lightly on his shoulder, and, leaning over him as be sat, touched his lips with hers. Jasper. Prince shoddered violently, and drew back, looking up at her with eyes of wonder and almost fear. "What is the matter with you 1" he de. manded, sharply. "I don't want any more kisses like that one. Your lips are colder than icicles." Belle laughed a little-a laugh as chill-as the kiss had been. Jasper continued to look at her. "What. a queer girl.you are " he. said, slowly. "The queerest girl:ledver knew the queerest ever made, I do believe.";, Belle made'no answer, only stood' giving him back gaze for gaze, calm, level, cold, and with. that, strange something in" the depths of the curious lovely,eyes that made him vaguely uncomfortable. .... / (To be continued)'. 