,"l; fai'tcr Ilousi iiS Show Catlle. hi - Cumfurtableo ind ronioy quarters are es yo. sential in prpriparig cattle for show. Stall eeding is mlt tli Ibest system for show alnilals. Clean well-haired beasts do not ric usually comle Iut of stalls. Perfection in oy coat is a diflicult poiit toattain, hut when a1 it is accomplished it goes a long way in Il favor of tlice niinnl possessing it. It is, indeod, a raroiiaosession, only a very few ld of tli cattlo shown at even our national allows being p6rfect in their coats. ild In'ordinaIry fattening for thel butcher, to tall-foeding is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying e onil uls is not the only point aimed at tlle after health and bloomu of the animal Slhas to b considored. It takes afull year, to sonotinmes mor, to fit cattle for the show. it yard, and to conllin the animals by the Shead or neck for thal period is not thel way t. o accomplish tli desired end. Freedom to msovo about, or lie down clonnl and com fortable, can only be afforded them in a od dry, roomy loose box. The suporficial area roeuired from the calf to the aged id bull will range from G0 to 200 foot, nc cording to tiluamount of out-dooroxercisa ii. available, and in the house eaclh henat ro iuires from 650 fuut to 800 cubic feot of or brtathing spac. Cattle not intended for an brooding purp m es iay be very closely confined supurlicially for tile period f one ut year without injury to their heaulth ; but thoro are more breeding anitnals ruined f from wanit oCrooin or oxeroiso Lhan from daorffdtll1ig. % it I'vbiry ihard to injurae a 'et horse by high feeding when tlh work is heavy, and the sam.o law applies to cattle. Ic Molorate exorcise at the expensI of a to certain wnato o(f food is good oconomny. Toumperaturo i a great eluiment in cattle Sfeeding. The nltural lihat of the ilnimal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo-' imotor in the barn will indicate the tornm peraturo, and the nearer it avorages the normal heat of lth nimal tile greater thile ucouomy of Ite food conluimed. Wheon the outside at11mosphero varies from, say, 1 Sfreeaing up to 100 dog. Falir., thle theor ein a dilliculty in maintaining tile medium. In very cold weather thle ilont of tile byro U canl be raisod by closed doors and vontila. L tors, but when the tomporaturo is raised n by lhe constant breathing of thel samo air, t thel health of thle anlinal in endangered. It All undur-currenta or draughts should be It excluded, and inl niaocas should tile upper b or roof vontilatoru be entirely closed. Im puro nir takes an upward course, and tlhe venitilators, if they tro of right construe. tiol, will botlh allow'the exit and entrance u of allliciont frisah air witlout reducing tile tomporaturo suddenly or irregularly. In h hot days tlihodoorn canl be opened, or ci partly so, astle tlhermomoter will instruct; t( and aftor that the only meansoa ofcooling a the air is by refrigoration, which, of course, c would cost too nmchl to admit of its use in tl cattlo-fooding. Tlhe boet that can be done 01 is to have the byres or aleds proporly yen- f tilnted ind equally free from draughts, whichl will allow of altoration when necoes. B Al1 excess of light under cover is to be h avoidud in tile enso of fatttelning cattlo. to Young growing cattle intended for breed. an ing purposes cannot very well have too It imuoh un and light, but tile rays of tlhe sun nir only valuablo to tile cattlo-fooder when tlie tluo mortluro of the attinlphuoro ci is low. After tho surrounding nir bocones " onlted lthe direct rays of tllh nun can be tn dispuensed witl. I There is, howovor, no to artificial Ieat, aollh aa wo provide witl shelter, clolttinh,, and firon, equal to the auntliatI folr litutllit vin __iroportioslu"I t b' Ili' altnll i t tll to intr no 0 poia iT more or leas vitis ed, Wlion we goeligllt I Mid heat froi. the sunt it is puro anl genl- o uine, altogether difflrent from anything of wo call mantufacturo. Thin is the reason th why tile lIamb that is roared in thl light of the nun is so mcuc Ihealthier tlhan tile one raised ill houso with the aid of thie to' Shying Horses are Ncar-SBghtoa. " \hy It is that nblyinlg it horses should be m' eat down to inl ugly dllpesltlon I don't m' know,"vali nl i prominent veterinary surgeon. tI " It nmst be beccatnl hlorsemen don't know at what olso to lay it to. The fast is that it Is " sueilh milet willlt unless tlhe horse is nonr. w sighted. I have tested scores of ashying hornes an fot ir nonr igtedness, and in nearly all cases fotlnd wihalt I execcted. And now when I t aml nalkled to give points 0 o buying homes 1 w give thi as one of thcrequisites : Never buy se a Illos thatin is Iner.-lghtd.il, There are, how ever, two exceptions to thi rule. f11 tlo horse Is to have a miale, then it doesn't makoe nny (lilerenceo about the sight. One horse call go blintd if the other is clcnr-sighted. Ift tl e Ihorse is to be used for riding to saddlobe careful ltht lie Is ot nnear-sighted, for he " will throw you sooner or later. "Tihe reason why a ncar'sighted horoo shies ls very simple," the surgeon contlnued. " O nil animals the horse is tile most gentlo. and even timid, lie seas n strange object, and Ilis sasccptible minil tingullies It into a monster that is goingl to destroy hisn. A e piece of swhite paper it the roadsido at night wt ,s n ghost, andl nil old waggoll itn lthe ditch is a dragon. Every horsemnan knows that If yut drive the anllnal close to the ldreadlll object thie animinal cools down at once, It Is ippiased Ithat it is beenase the horse mnkeas a closer ncequais(inlnco with the object, Tlhat O Is true but not in thle sense In which It Is n inerally uinderstood. 'the animal has not 1 b in able Ct see It from a distance. le Isl tealr-sighlcd. g, Horsao and Their Drivers--It lih as often oceedl',l tio ie tilttlthe tility nnd a( Oge of horaes are sariously nalected ntl I sliorlendc by the thoiglitless actiosn of (river, bi It is but ino coalltiion a lIrectici when a tli Iloria is rising a hill,or whmn, perhaps, in th! at inllllle of a hill, foradrivor to inakeanulden a siash with tile whil, Thit, witht a sillrited lorse, is fotllowed by a slddule hounlld ll rei . P')i.io In tlio unexpected call upoln its powers, ptossibly iwoers that weor at ilit tinim t the extreme limit of tension. Apply tlie test to a lihuinit beingi, andl anyona 8 woettl nntarnlly infer that its general t iletr. woihl result in rupture, greater or less, ol di inlternal orgnns, or pralin of aome joint. Caui i we wonder If the same reesit follows In ha horse, eleclnally whel the Irceament Is cotl. n tilluedct y alter day the year throughoutl l "e Under such clrcumstances, the wotulter is iat a anty Ihor es capes serlonas injury, ndl we mny a nlturally infer tllt a Inarge proportion of ii horses are lhusi rendered coIparaIllvely value. d less, and their lives shortencd, With a hotsu 11 drawing a load, whether In conveyanuce, cnt, or nriddle, any call for renter exertlon i" shoutldbe nmadowhlatnlmay enllgradually, that Isl tIe animal shiluild first be mado awnre o 0 what is required from It by the voice pro. r ' E.dine the wohlo, and not the whip therolcu. Buying Ournos in China.--Lator ex h perleuce lautight us tihat the cirio main nsks d nbout live times as much a heli proepared to aecet tur blh wares. Mlklinsg cleoico snd getting your man Into a proper frnmeof tuind c to 5eu as you do, as regards his prollt, In. h Lteliigenty cc\llpiesa nbu one-banl uf tio . cultltrtd illploinan' tlinlie. Thecurlo choseun, I Lhe irst tilmig to do l to to nko your man into " thuo Ioune, separating him from hie fellows that hie imany not Ilavo their imoral courage to upilold hiist,. for Ihe lot you make your offlor, he dilsainllly refouss, and beglna briskly packing tp, \VWhea everytlini ls ncnrly stowcd awayhlo nasks as If tliero bhndl never been nny questlon o it before, " How msols I" Yot again oer, and with a long drnwn " No," he once more unpnckas tlhalt he may tulpit ytou. Bclngyou remain firm nmnd take no moro notice o hin, with a tragic air be depolsill thle tligs at youtr leet nnd glrvs you to understand he has madie you presOnt of tlom tl Int you sre a lirtnnlened shiner i It hIa coast hlt his Illo's lilood, but he hal no clchoice. Will an I 0 ltor tie amountt and Sa deep bow ho has gone, nnd you find your. * sell a collector Im embryo with the co*' dilseorug ly clutching youe, 