POINT AND PARRY. I fJJy 'ARAMIS,'! j Contrary to the expectation of many good nan and true, the hon. members of the Legi slative Council have welcomed the Y.D.L. Lottery Bill with open arme, and |fc has now attained to the dignity of a full-blown Act. Thisshowa how easily yon may be misled by arguing from general premises, because a general knowledge of human nature jaitifiei the conclusion that k-onorable members would hare promptly repudiated this dis graceful attempt to besmirch the fair fame of the colon}'. But it evidently required the tveci*i knowledge of the Tasmanian honor com to arrive at a correct conclusion in this ease. They were expected to save the country from the disgrace of having the action, punished by fine and forfeiture in the other oolonies, Which the Tasmanian Parlia ment incites and enpourages. They were expected to vindicate tbe honor of the colony which the members of the Assembly bave so wofully tarnished ; and tbey have made bad tin times worse. Therefore, let Satan be honored for his burning throne, and let the titular misnomer cling to them for ever as a reminder of their open shame. Now, at the very least, they should make the permission to gamble general, and not particular, and so emulate the example of the distinguished Cornish clergyman who, in prcacbiug to a congregation of notorious wrecker?, saw that they were leaving the church in ecorcs, and realised tbe whole position as there came booming on his car the signal gans of a vessel in distress, lie paused, but only for an instant, before addrcssirg his felonious flock in the following scathing terms: — ' My dear Christian brethren, wait just fora moment until I finish the service and pro nounce the Benediction, aud then let us all start fair.' As an example of the extremities to which the advocates of this gambling transaction have been reduced in their efforts to give it some color of reasonable countenance, one has specially challenged my admiration. Some time ago it was urged in favor of the scheme that it would prevent the swamping of the real estate market, which would follow the forced Bale of the Y.D.L, Bank property, and the rtply was the cogent one that ic would do nothing of the sort, siocc the certain sale of the properties by the price winners would leave us minus tbe benefit and plus the gambling evil. Now, iimuug LPiB not as a repiy dui as a proposi tion a priori, the apologist of the sweep promoters says We desire to call atten tion to one fallacy that was made much of on two occasions. It was asserted that people who won prises wouJd immediately place them in the market and sell them at any price, so tbat the value of property all over the colony would be fearfully depre ciated. The simplicity of the priee-w?nncrs it, of course, a gratuitous and utterly im probable assumption which we need not attempt to show to be absurd, but we will ask, which is likely to have tho worst effect on the value of property, the sale of prizes, or the forccd sales which the bank will have to. make to wind up peremptorily tbe estate.' Thehoneety of the argument tquale that of the cau*e in which it is employed. It is worthy of Mercury himself, the special god ot the whole spieling confraternity, Rod it most appropriately champions the'prac tioei of his votaries. Even in its dissolution it is evident that the poor old V .DL. Bank ia acutely sensitive to the disgrace to which it is sub jected by this ignominious wind- up to all its greatness. Not till the Council had passed the second reading of the bill by a msjority of 12 to 8 did it taste the full bitterness of death. Then, in anguish of spirit, jt yielded up the ghost— thus t Hording a full explana tion of the following advertisement which appeared in the next morning's Daily Trie graph : — fcfc Apr:- iu^KVDl.' Next to the Lattery Bill, the City Pave ments Obstruction Bill, whose other n&me; is Hartnoll, hss most prominently engaged public attention. As to the legality of his action, and the justificati'ja of its Police Court rfcMPHCJHfHf, 1 say nothing, since enough bas been said in other columns, Bat ? as to its propriety and good taste. O Jemima ! There is an old elastic proverb, -le guttibut tion ett ditputandum. which may bs ren- ; dered ' Every one to his taste, ns the old j woman eaid when she kissed her cow.*' I Precisely. But I still entertain a very J strong opinion as to the &o3d; WBtc of tbe kissing process, and if the Hon. William Hartnoll secures his re-election for Sooth good example of ready and cheerful obedi ence to duly constituted authority he has set those less prominently placed. Then, ni for the act itself. Why, it is only a fort night or so ago that this very gentleman, speaking from his place in the Hons?, de elared *' that there were very erroneous , impressions abroad with regard to the ; matter nnder debate, which was largely one | result of injudicious writing in the Press ' and talking at street corners.' It was to this I referred when 1 formerly wrote— 1 Then the people will talk at the corners of streets, Forgetting that gossip and prate Should be eolely reserved for the Cabinet 1 Of we dignified pillars of State ; And 1 mean that this writing and talking shall cease, Whatsoever the trouble may be, Or I'll quickly find out who is running this rancbe,' Bays Minister Hartnoll, says he. ' I'll start a Press censorship ; see if I don't, And the folks from street corners J'Jl j Bo no word shall be written or comment be ' passed But those 1 think lit to approve ; And then shall this country take premier With the happy, the pToud, and the free, : When 1 boBi the whole show for the public and Press,' Bays Minister Hartnoll, says he. But *next to the question of Ministerial' propriety comes that of the encouragement which tbe result of the case affords to the police in the firm, fearless, impartial, but, withal, courteous, discharge of a none too pleasant duty. This should not be lost sight of by the public. It certainly ie not lost sight of by the constabulary ; and, em boldened by tbe general approval of the course recently adopted, it is said that ths members of the forcc are now busily re hearsing to the well-known air from 41 The Grand Duchess'' the following CONSTABLE 6 CHORUS, When a Minister, who should know better, i Makes his office his reliance ; I And, despite its spirit and it6 letter, | Bets the bye-law at defiance ; j When he blocks the path and won't move on, Whatsoever we may siy, We run him in ! We run him ia ! Be the culprit who he may ; Wc run him in We run him in ! We run him in and promptly m ike bim clear the way. When a man, whatever his position, Makes his presence an obstruction, Be he citizen or po'iticiso Tbere is safe to be a ruction ; l^or unless be quickly cuts his Blick, And decides to cut it short, We run him in ! Wc run him in ! While the boys enjoy the Bport ; We run him in! We run him iu ! We run bim in although they let him off at Court. But the metricil honorB of the affair are by no means monopolised by Constable O'Meara and bis comrades, since a bard, whose highly poetic imagination was aroused to the eruptive point by the sight of that Ministerial magnate in the witness hex, has dived down into himself, and from the secret recesses of his inner consciousness has procured this sweet specimen of immor tal rerse, which he has entitled TBE MODEST ttlKlSTER. Nevsr talk of a bashful young curate's first christening, When next of a sanctified party you speak, For the simile utterly fails after listening To HartnoU's pathetic address to tbe bfak. 11 Yonr Worship-— He's slinging the hatchet most awful In charging me thus, for perhaps with some I boldly assert, tbat an action unlawful I wouldn't 1 I couldn't- J commit if 1 tried. 41 What 1 l William Hartnoll 1 A. Cabinet Minister ! 1 1 who such scandalous conduct wonld spurn, Do aught of a rature improper or sinister ! Forbid it, ye gods I or let chaos return. 'Yon know how but lately I censured this habit Of standing and talkUg at corners of streets (By those who should walk on. or ran on, or cab it), As that which all honest endeavor defeats. ' And can you imagine that 1, of all others, Should thus on those street corners loiter and stop ? Or, to use an old trope tbat all argument smothers, Should thus like a griffin be ' Caught on the hop.' ' I was merely engaged in arranging the matter I next meant, in Sunday-school, speaking upon, When up cam? that cop., with no end of a clatter, And brutally said, ' If you please, sir, move on r 'Of course 1 was vexed by hie manner ob trusive, In speaking as though to Jack, Harry, or Bill : And so, to what verged on the grossly abueive, 1 softly replied—' No ; I'm blowed if I will.1 ' Then me ! William Hartnoll I he spoke of arresting Unless 1 would straightway do what 1 was bid ; And, failing to relish such insolent jesting, 1 said, ' Just you doit and, hang it, he did. ' That's all that this insolent blue-coated fellow Can say of what chanced on that Saturday night; And if 1 stand here till my eyeballs turn yellow, 1 still shall maintain I was perfectly right.' The Court winked its eye at the pictore efforded Of William's demure sanctimonious mag ; And then, by the verdict it strangely re corded, He dodged both the fine and Her Majesty's jug. The pavement of Brisbane-street was last week the scere of another comedy, out of which tbe principal actor did not appear to get half tbe fun it afforded the spectators. He was a equare-sbouldcred, sac-coated, florid-faced man, with a cleanshaven face, but for the manly growth that adorned bis upper lip, and bis general appearance sng« - gested a sort of cross between a fairly for tnuato horse-trainer and a semi-successful stockbroker. He was paering along at a fair pace, when he unluckily trod on a banana skin. Then. a» his feet shot from nnder him, he made a wild frantic grab at nothing, and eat violently down in the middle of that pavement, while tbe back of his head emote those fiag- ston-s with a mighty smite. The shock was ,n if Pastor 6oltau had prayed down another earthquake ; and, as the air grew sulphnroas with the fervency of his comminatory objurgations, a further shock was administered, but this time to my faith in tbe strict accuracy ol lMbiicai nar rative ai touching matters of minor detail. Straightway it became clear to me that it was not an apple, but a banana, which was eaten by onr common mother, Eve, and it was the careless way in which she disposed of the etia that led to the/WJ, while ail the subsequent trouble ensued upon Adam's over-vigorous style of expression in remark ing upon the occurrence. A correspondent writes me Daar ' Aramis,' — Will you kindly excuse me if 1 venture, by ysur favor, to address a few lines to the readers of the I a^ly Telegraph, on a subject that is much discussed, and tnat is, o? ought to be, near and dear to ue all. Charming little Tasmania, in common with her bigger sisters, having partaken too freely of gau^y-colored jollies, and neglected to take proper precautions in connection with her constitution, is suffering from an infec tious disorder, something like palpitation of the pockct The attack is so severe and prolonged tbat her friends and admirers are seriously alarmed, and urge a change of medical advisers. Some even say that her present doctors and nurses are no better than quack*. and that they think more abont their own fees and travelling expenses than about the critical condition of the fair patient. Certainly their treatment is peculiar and putzling ; they carefully brush away many tiny blood-suckers— little lively fleas aud murmuring ' Miss Kitties'— while they leave a lot ot tig fat lceches to batten on her life blood. For strengthening food, instead of going to the owner of broad acres aud numerous flocks and herds for mutton broth and beef -tea. or to the rieh merchant and well-paid professional ui n for chiekens and j allies, they expect to put the little lady on her legs again --y sniffs of homoeopathic soup. The following is the sort of staff they recommend :— RECIPE. Take a sparrow's leg, Mind, the 'drumstick' merely ; Tot it in a tub Filled with water nearly ; In a place that's shady, Let it stand a month ; 1 hrce weeks, if for a lady. Crop a spoonful of it In a fire-pail kettle, Which may be made of tin Far- famed Mount Bischoff metal. Fill the kettle np. Set it on a-1-oi.ing, Skim the liquor well, To prevent it oiling, One atom add of salt, For thick'ning one rice kernel, And use, to light the fire, The Homceapatbic Journal. Let the iiqnor boil Half -an-hour.no longer : If 'twai, fora man Of course you'd make it stronger. Should you now desire Tnat tbe eoup be tlavory, Stir it once around Wi-b a stick of savory. Wben the sjup is made, Nothing cin excel it ; Then, three times a week, Let the patient emell it. If ehe chance to die, Say 'twas Nature did it ; If she chance to live, Give the eoup tho credit.' As for reepom-iblc government, or order in the House, there is none ; our legislators seem to bo no better than a set of noisy, cirelcFs echoolboys playing at government and evolving a mass of blooming mischief that will ripen into bitter fruit in the sweet by-and-bye; ani, like a lot of larrikin leather-platers, th'y Bh'-ut jn their thought less glee— ' \\\re all -ii 3 it !' Then why, ia the name of all that is serious, and sensible, and honort-ble. do they not btop iheir reek loss gimc and try to remedy the wrong?, Benui.ful Tasmania is not physically weak ; : our re*- Governor, in hie recent visit to the North, was surprised at the indications of h«if hu&.tb aid strength-giving resources, aud it t-bniild not overtax the abilities of half a iiorsn e&rncei;, honest business men to pull her ttrouvh her prjsent trouble. 1 \rbuin dut siijiicnti.—YouT admirer, Alkiba. By way of finish I present the following, which has drifted up to mc from tbe dog show at the Albert Hall. I can vouch far its truth as it was told by a Cabinet Minister, and they never teli stories or boss tbe police. A dog fancier lay dying, so the pastor of the parish oame to sit with bim, and, to cheer him up, told him an aneclote afeint a dog. Toen tbe sick man sat up and said, ' 1 know a better story than that ; I had a dog once, a big, brown, loo- sided ? *' The effort was too much for him ; he fell back npon the pillowe, and tbe doctor step ping forward eaw that it was a queetion only of minutes. Tbe good pastor rose, and taking the poor man's hand in bis. aaid gently, ' We shall meet again.' The sick man turned towards him with a consoled and grateful look, ' 1 am glad to hear yon Bay that,' he feebly murmured, ' Remind me about that dog.' And with a sweet smile upon hie pale lips he peacefnlly passed away, 