"BLACK GHOST" STORY. Sir Tii chard Owen had two remark - al)lo ghost stories, and one of those, perhaps the hotter of the two, is re lated by a J) a Hi/ News correspondent. In his early days, when surgeon to tho prison at Lancaster-, a negro died therein. Aftor the inquest tho young surgeon saw tho body put into the cofiin, and tho lid screwod down, to be ready for tho funeral next day. Owen had at the time been already attracted to tho study of comparative anatomy, aud negroes' heads wero not plentiful; so he made up his mind that this one should not bo lost to tho cause of science. In tho evening lie returned to the prison with a black bag con taining a brick- from his official position he had no difficulty in get ting admittance to tho mortuary, where the colfiu lid was unscrewed and screwed down again. During this pro cess the brick aud the negro's head ehanged places; The ground outside tho principal entrance to tho gaol has a considerable descent ; and the timo being winter, with snow aud frost, Owen had scarcely passed out when ho slipped aud fell all his length-the bag went from his hand,and the head tumbled out and rolled down tho paved way. He jumped up, caught the bag, and following tho head clutched it just as it finished its career in a sin nil shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into tho bag again, ho vanished out of tho shop with all tho speed he was capable of. Next morning, when Owen was going to his usual duties at the prison, he was called in by tho woman at tho shop where the accident had occurred on tho previous evening. She wished him to see her husband, who was very ill. He had had, slio said, a fright tho night before that caused him to look wild and dazed-like. The man, it turned out, was a retired sea cap tain,'who had been in many adven tures among the AVost India islands, when deeds wero done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the ! killing of a negro in which he had a liaucl, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble on ? his conscience. After giving these details tho old captain told of the horrible event that took place tho night before. He was sitting in his shop, all was quiet, and it so chanced that ho had been blink ing of the negro, when suddenly . ho saw his very head roll into tho shop in front of the counter, and it was followed by the devil, all in black, with a black bag in his hand. Tho devil snatched up tho head, and both disappeared through tho earth lilco a Jlash of lightning. . Tho description was perlinps not quite complimentary tb'th<Tyouug anatomist, but . it was 'satisfactory so fav'tha.t it-showod that hte identity had not. been re'c'o'gnise'd. 