AMPSEMENTST" THEATRE ROYAL. "MACBETH." As might have been expected from the general colour of Mr. Bentley's rendering of shaksperian and other characters, about the interpretation of which actors differ so materially, the very-much-married Thane of Cawdor was not made to appear as a man with no more backbone than a jellyfish, nor any more mind than an oyster, or the conscience of a book canvasser. We shrewdly suspect that the character of Macbeth too often depends upon whether a lady is leading the company or a gentleman running the concern. If it is a "masterful" lady, like Sarah Bernhardt or Mrs. Bernard Beere, for instance, then Macbeth is only Mrs. Macbeth's husband, so to tpeak, but if the star is an actor and not an actress then Macbeth is a man of action, a typical hardy, bold, bonest-intentioned Scottish warrior of the rude fightincr times, better in the field than the council, and his lady is a strong-minded adviser, working upon his ambition againBt his better nature. Mr. Bentley's Macbeth is very acceptable and strong, and his Scotch accent, which marred his Richelieu, was not out of place. The Thane, the sport of the weird sisters, and the football of Fate, and assisted by a wife, in whom fell-ambition killed the woman in her nature, was represented as a stalwart soldierly chieftain, superstitious as became the rude age in whieh he lived, but not a weak, vacillating coward as he is too often depicted. He was a Macbeth with whom the house could sympathize. The character of Mr. Bentley's thane may be summed up in that pregnant passage: — Yet I do fear thy nature; It is too full of the milk of human kindness To catch tbe nearest way; tbon would'st be great; Art not without ambition, hut without Tbe illness should attend it. What thou would'st highly That thou would'st holily; would'st not play false, And yet would'st wrongly win. In make-up, costume, and bearing Mr. Bentley came close to those fine, spirited illustrations of this great play by the late Sir John Gilbert in Knight's edition of Sbakepeare." He dressed tbe character magnificently, and acted it with deep and manly feeling. In the scene with the weird sisters the p>ay of his mobile features was more eloquent than his gestures, and in this and the scene with Lady Macbeth he gives the keynote to his conception, slid conveys the idea that in Macbeth's mind were alreading germinating, tbe seeds of treachery, the dreadful fruit of which he had no idea until his ambitious lady's superior intellect sketched the form. In the interview with Lady Macbeth on his return from his military duties, honoured by the King, the workings of his mind were indicated in a masterly manner under tempting of the woman, and we have seldom seen a house so husheu into attention as in the second act, where there is so much powerful emotional acting, and where one of the most Bevere tests of the actor's art _ is made. In conjuring up in Macbeth's excited mind the vision of the dagger Mr. Bentley stands near the entranee to Duncan's chamber and delivers the lines in a hushed, awestruck tone, whioff is very impressive, and in the succeeding scene with Lady Macbeth, when she scatheB him with a eeetbing torrent of scornful words, his acting was very fine, culminating artistic exit in which tho passion was by no means torn to tatters. His demeanour afterwards on the assumption of the throne, was royal, indeed he made a stately monarch in bearing and rich costuming. In the terrible strain towards the close of the third act, when his superstitious fears are excited by the ghost of Banquo, he bore his part with thrilling force, and, by-tbe-way, introduced a novel reading by having the ghost come in. a third time, and seat himself in one of the chairs on the dais in the banqueting hall. Neither Macbeth cor his consort sea the ghost until they are leaving the scene of so muoh terrible mental excitement, when Macbeth, turning at the door to glance nervously round the hall, sees the ghost again, and his renewed agitation causes the Queen to glance in the same direction. She for the first time sees the awful phantom, aBd with a heart- rending scream of horror shrinks to the ground, whereupon the curtain falls upon a fine tragio group. The Tbe grouping in "Macbeth" on Saturday night was the most picturesque we have seen in that play in the Theatre Royal for years, and it is enhanced by tbe handsome costumes, albeit Banquo and some of tbe leBser lights would have looked better had they shown the nut-brown knees of the hardy Soot instead of wearing tights. Although she did not fill the requirements of the Juno-like Lady Macceth, Miss Kate Bishop merits high praise for her impersonation, albeit her face and voice have little of the character of the high-souled misguided woman, who by her superior force of intellect and harder mental fibre drove tbe Thane of Glamis through a stream of blood to the throne. In fact Lady Macbeth on Saturday night was rather the adviser than the-prompter of her lord, as Mr. Bentley's Macbeth was the stronger nature of the two, though the blunter intellect A Lady Maobeth with fair hair and a soft musical voioe is somewhat uncommon on the stage, not acceptable, but Miss Kate Bishop acted carefully, and with dignity. King Duncan suffered no loss of dignity at the hands of Mr. McGowan, and Mr. H. R. Roberts made an athletio MacDuff. The fight to a finish between him and Macbeth is always a tit-bit for the gallery, and it was so on Saturday night The witches were gruesome and weird enough in make-up and speeob, but the inoantation scene was not impressive, nor was it improved by the introduction of a cauldron which looked like a blackleaded firescreen with slits in it Tbe general cast was satisfactory. One of the soldier-messengers in rushing in with news to the Queen created an unrehearsed effect by slipping and falling flat on his back at her feat. This tickled the house immensely. Mr. Bentley's performance and presentation of Macbeth is a credit to his high reputation as a Shakspearian actor and stage manager. It will be repeated to-night. The performance of "Rob Roy" next Wednesday is to be under the patronage of the Caledonian Society. The management notify elsewhere that the box-plan will be opened this morning at Marshall's for members of that Society only, and to the general public on Tuesday morning. 