ONE OF SIR RICHARD OWEN'S GHOST STORIES. Richard Owen had two remarkable ghost stories, which it was a. high privilege to hear him relate. The one about to be re corded here was perhaps the better of the J r 8arfy <%» when Owen held / the post of surgeon to the prison at Lancas- " ' a m8Q eied in the jail,: and a post mortem as wall as an inquest was necessary. inquest the young surgeon Baw the body put in the coffin and the lid screwed down, to be ready, for the funeral IAOS.S oay. uwea had at the time been al- , ready attracted to the study of comparative 1 afatom?i' and negroes' heads were not plentiful ; so he made np his mind that this one should not be lost to the cause of 5 soloes, jui the evening he returned to the ft P?B01L?l a ba& containing a brick. From his officii positioa be had no difficulty in obtaining admittance to the mortuary, where the coffin-lid was unscrewed, and S <fown_ again. During this process ' m. S10'8 head changed ft7 J&e; ground outside. the principal I iJ. - 3 a considerable des- l. '>aa7 ® &me; being winter, with snow S f11 k® scarcely passed out I- Fr? 0 ,PPe3 and fell all his length — the ft? w % We: t bana and the head turn- down the paved way. I cau8ht Hie bag: and, folio w- -Y 0 head, clutched it just as it finished 0C31 £ a small shop where tobacco ft Fashing it into the bag again, ® 0n 4bo shop with all the speed he was capable of. when Owen was going to in P"sn» he was called vf .tae woman at the shop where the ao- I previous even- bim to see her husband, v Ee had > she said, a ; SklSa mj 3 re that caused him to XSLy-804 d?ZBdIifce. > The man, it ft fatiwas a retired sea . captain, who > SKfiSfl'-Vimsr- cotoes. among the Sa.ds. when many deeds were n j 41 ao' time require to be SmS A®DS these had been the £.a ne»r?i Ja whioh he "had a hand, and the transaction had left a tonch of trou- gft ?10 his conscience. - Aftor sivin? 'these ft event tlmtt0lvipte«. toi<l 4116 horrible %Sft t?ollpla?e theiliSilt befOT0- He \- 811 was quiet, and it U 00 chanced that he had been thinking of the when BuSdenlvhfi eiv hio Uma ft Si -f40 froilt of counter, gg anait was foUowed by the devil, all in IP wackj witha black bag in his hand. The dovil snatched np the head, and both dieap- cag the earth like a flash of fblruag The description was, perhaps; complimentary to the young anat- g;. omist, butit was satisfactory, so far that it W::' . Ms identity had not been re. [?] 