THE CHRISTMAS REEF BY J?Exz Caozow. a "Certainly, my de.r young lady, cer. ,ainly. Of course I accept whatever apology you think necessary but some )ears ago -a g"od number now, to be .are-I should have stood for half-a-dac with a pretty girl parched on my favourite corn. .Gaoot and rheumatics make a difference that I" hope you will never know from experience-but even now it is not very bhrd t> lIogive a soft treed-on a captions toe." I r.ad been really very inconsidesate, and my mothr would have toll me, " nlady like." H igho,my manners never will have the repoto "which a amps the csa:e of Vere de Vere." I doubt I shall be a hoyden, as mamma put it, until the end of the chapter, and brother Will saje he oities the stan that wll get me -as if I shou!d care for any man'for whole years and ages yeti I like old men, Ireally do. They are muoh more kindly and gentle and courteous than conceited donkeys like the menl 11-I would fill up, the whole line with the marks but it would hardly look nice-that Bil brings home.for tea from Ormond or Trinity College, Half of the innocents should.wear ipetticoats, or at least, take to blot mers. Btt I- like old men, not too oldi but Ald enough to have got rid of conceit.- They are very nice. In-Viotoria they have the look of having done something, and of:hsaving done it well. And they look too as-if they could do more yet, and do it well.' also, What a pity it is I can't express allI think in words.: Itis really a great shame E for ieto tell this true story, for'tbere- even at the beginning-I have said some thing I don't quite understand myself, and how am I to expect others to understand ? But, as I said before, I like Tice old men, gentlemen, of course I mean, and you can fancy how disgusted I was when rnnhing up to the railway carriage-first. classe-at Spencer-atreet,I rushed in over an old gentleman's feet, and would have came to an ignominious collapse on the floor if he had not caught me as I was on the point' of falling. That's always the way with mee: Inever see?nto have time to do anything right, and I am always in a mi?ddle trying to catch up with some thing ahead... " a Whenl Ia get over. the rush .I usually take things easy, and on this occasion I I quickly ubsi,'ed, after profuse apologies, ito a comfortable oeat, and now I-have a d chance of quietly letting you know who your humble servant is. and why on this a 23rd day of December I am a passenger in charge of the guard of the afternoon o train for 'aryborough, which loaves so I ex eperatingly punctual, and made me r mace each a hoyden of-myself. Well, I am just at that delightful age 7 wh'ch poets long ago used to rave about "esweet sixteen," and my name is Millie L Walton'. It is the fashion now.a.days to overlook young ladies of my age-that is le when we allow ourselves to be overlooked, which, thank goodness, is not often the case-and we are duly put down-aes pert at ard forward minxes, no good but for getting intoand making trouble. There is a good d deal of truth in the indictment, I confess, hobut not all the truth, Mr Censor, sad if we \- are more troublesome to papas and mammas and stern elder brothers than were our id trandmothars at the same sge, the reason is not hard to find. We really know more 17 than they did when they were in the teens or.even in the twentis. Oureducation is td higher, and we can fight our own battles with the bohs in Latin and French and t, Mathematics, and those delightfully horrid chemistry and physiology and things. In fact, we fin de siecle girls are an improve. mcnt on the "sweet sixteen" of the br. ginting of the century. Perhaps we know it too. at I doubt I am troublesome to my pap" and mamma, and, as for Bill, he says I sm I the plague of his life. But I know they r, were all pleased when 1 did ro well at the last Matric. Esamination and as actually took honorsin Frenoh. ItLolght "'e ismall besnu" o mselI, as Will Iad the impodence to say, and fancied myself a "grown-up," and at once let down my dress at least two inches as the outward and visible sign of growth and gravity. My dear, dear friend, Jessie Maitland, asked m- to spend Christmas with her, and, if I was proud before, I was actually "puffed up" when papa gave his consent to my travelling all the way to Mary. borough by mjself, and with an ce little purse well etomced with bright sovereigns and crisp bank notes. Some of the latter, I am serry to say, turned out to be of hlttle use, because the nasty bank took that very time to fail, and I could not get the notes changed for a little while even at the most polite grrcer'e in the whole country. I doubt Madame Perambuel would not pass that sentence, but since I have "grown up" I find far kinder critics of my English.than she was -Well, I reached Spencer-street late as usual, and had just time to shake hen,'. with Bill and implore him to look after my portmanteau-there was' a duck of a gown in it that came right down to m) toes-when the train whstled, and I hat to run in the most undignified manner into the first carriage handy, and into the arms of the nice elderly gentleman, whose reply to my apologies I have already written. 0, dear me, what must he have thought of .me ? The train travelled slowly. at firat, and I bad time by throasting my head out of the wtpdow ro see brother Bill waving his handkerchief, and telling me in violent pantomime, that the big portmanteau was safe in the guard's van. What guys men can make of themselves, to be suenrel but then I think with all the worrying I give him, Bill has a good stock of love for bis little sister. I notice quite a number of men are now-a.days devoted to their sisters. Poor fellows, I suppose a wife iv a luxury too big~for the dimensions of their pursea. The old gentleman was' sitting in the seat opposite mine, and there was not a paesengtr in the compartment hout our selvee. That is quite a comfortable thing. when you have a long journey to go I mean that the compartment ought not to he trowded on a hot, musty day. P ople can he so disagree.' able,and when there ia baby and a frac tions child, it is simply nnendurable Of course, I had had no time to lay in a stock of litera. tore, and I began to repent 'of my pet em;, enpunctoality, in this instance at cry rate. What a sweet thing it is to read while you are in a train of some great long-.legged heao with a marole, brow and firrce': black mountacli?, making frantic ef. !orca to win the tove of a slim - waisted heroine, alwa s ready to fult into a taintor a flood of tears al th' shortest notice I We doi't meat 'either " the te:aee.or baroinee on theI' Bllock,'"obut they might ixist in some undiscovered island,' or. , might have ' exilsted . on whi hthbeyeay.haa bhen sank under the wavtes of the Atlan tic. Bat I. Lhal nothing to rrad, not even . a F.mily Herald or. London jourani six months old. ' My young old friend handed me the " Argu?e" but that is a stupid !adr's paper, unl:es on Saturday and it aoon dropped out of 'my.hands, and I at listlesely gazing . tiom the window at the long strtlches of level plains that' we have to; cross before reaching the more : patresque scenery of Macedon Notwithstanding my new 'igrown. up" importance,. I ws actually getting bored. !'.Toe paperi.doeas. not seem to interest'- y yeou much;,"-eaid the? gentleman. i··: -". No."' :said' JI, "there is- nothing' in it but masty, old politics, and I hate polities. ' It' is all fighting, and .p doing." M'f nnmnalinn laughed. "Da you know," he said, " that without intending it, you have been getting on my corns again ? - I am a bit of a politician myself, bui I can hardly say I am much good at the fighting." "So Irahould 'ay,"I said, looking at him, "you are too ire for that." .! Well,.my dear. that is-a compliment that I ahiald have given much to get' thirty years ago, but I suppose I would not have got it so freely then." S"Perhaps not, and perhaps too I should not give it so fre6ly i I had five more of those years myself." " That is a very shrewd observation, my dear. It is a pity too thatthe years makes as less candid with each other." Toe silence was broken between us, and we chatted away in fine style. ntil we' reached Sanbary. There was little that I could tell that he did not hear something about, and we found out that there was many people in town whom we both knsw. Indeed, when I mentioned papa's name he said that he had had business afairs with him frequently, and was glad to make the acquaintance of his daughter. From Sunbury to Kyneton the railway rune through a moat interesting stretch of country. Viewed from the distant seo, big Macedon terms a dim but splendid backgrouod to Melbourne, against which the churcees and domes of the great city stand out like freecoes, when the smoke and mist are blown over the bay by a north-westerly wind. The big mountain seems to have been soddenly sliced away, and by the gap the engineets have ran the Uastlemaine and Bendigo line. The passenger is awed by the near presence of the huge .mas, except when he is delighted by baity glances of sylvan nooks and glades and ravines where I am snre the Australian fairies must hold their revels. When we approached Kyneton Station, the gentleman-he had not told me his name--oened the window, 'saying that be expected to see his son on the platform. We bad become quite sociable by thin time, and I was rather sorry that our tile. a-itle was likely to be interrupted. "Miss Walton," said my new friend, Swill you allow me to introduce myself to bo? M un i A9laU We oUll bave a quarter or an boor here for ro freshments, and perhaps you will permit me to see that you are not starved. Here we are at the station, and here is Ted waiting for me." A gentleman came up to the carriage window, and was greeted most affection. ately by Mr Allan. "Ted," said the latter," Miss Walton allows me to introduce to her my big son. Miss Walton has made the run from town a really pleasant experience, and it is any thing but that without congenial, com pany" "Ted" turned on me the lustre of the two most wood rfol eyes I ever saw or I think ever will see. This is not the rhapsodising of a young girl just out of the school.room. There are monienta of existence when the whole wealth of maturity is realised as if by a flesh, and one of those moments to me was when fed Allan's eyes and mine metin one first long look. I havre always wondered since that moment if his sensations were in any way comparable with miae. I am not Eo stupid as to dilate on his personal appearance. He was as I saw him; a handsome man, but a setrong hand. some man with everything about him strong to fit in with his strong personality. L cannot account. for the fact that from the very first moment I mentally recog toied the man's superiority, and instioc tively submitted to it, but not without a struggle. I had had too much my own way to surrender at discretion before even a shot was fired. Well, you can fancy us returned to our carriage after the halt at Kyneton, where we had a hasty snack. Many people might think I had acted witheutentfident reserve, and all I can do is to cry out ",eccavi," and thr-w myself at their fest (miraphorieel y) and ask for absolution Thes'e are people, however, with whom you asseimi'ate at once, with whom every chord of your being is at once in harmony. bhe string of the piano remains mute until its own peculiar sound is produced, and then it' echoes at once. Perhaps alter all we are only musical instruments ourselves attuned to the music of the spheres. AUSTRALIAN SCENES. -BULL! "Well, Ted; have you succeeded ? "' asked Mr Allan, when we had settled I down for.the run to Oaetlemaioe; " No. father, I have not, I am sorry to say. The:person I went to see.was of the earth, earthy." "Then shall we have to give up the. scheme? . " By no means. We went power, and power is only to be had in- this world by one thing. It is not for oar own gratifi- I cation.' If it was I:should hesitate about the step. But there is nothing selfish in either your mind or mine. We have tried to do good, and no one knows better than we do how much need there is for good. When one thinks of the dens of the city reeking with sin, and the sin made habitual by want, there is no room for selfishness, and selfishness will have no part or parcel in anything we do." I suppose my look of astonishment at these words made Mr Allan all at once remember that to me they most seem pissing strange. With a smile he ex plained "My dear Miss Walton, I most tell yoa that my son and I are two of those people sho believe that while man should be man's ohief study, we should not confine ourselves to study. There are so many problems in life that we might stand aside and only wonder and despair, but while we are here we have time for neither wonder nor despair. Ted and [-he looked fondly at his son as he spoke-have bean trying to work, but we find our very best efforts stopped by what we have to regard as the God of the world. Whatever favours we had at his hands we have passed on to others, and our work is in danger because our means are most. limited." " Tell her all," said Ted, looking at me with a strange glow in his dark fathomless eyes. "Tell her all; she is one of the elect." The old man continued with a kindly smile lighting up his benevolent face " We have undertaken a great work, a contributory work in the final regeneration of mankind. The atmosphere of the slums, we think, is not .congenial or i natural, and so our scheme is to carry the 1 qofortunates .wry from the- brondiog places of contamination and give them a chance of cleanliness of body and sool. That is all we aim at, but money is wanted, and unless we can continue to get is our work must go." " We belong to the colt of theosophy, and theosophists regard every phase of human thought or life as eminent'y worthy of human examination. They do not assert facts nor repudiate anything es illusory b3cause it does not chime in with things that we regard as facts. They simply recognise the illimitable, as well as the illimitable responsibilities of life. S" It is. rather unfair to bother your young head ana heart with these specu lations; but you most blame Ted, and not me. T'heosophy recognises immediate infiuences beyond ourselves and superior intelligences operating on human life, some for good and some for evil. We each of us, as the old poet says, soffer, his own manes. Toere are certain individuals who by temperament or by inatural or ganization are more susceptible to these foreign influences than oth re. Tuese individuals posoest a power of prescience not granted to others, and at times they can convey the will and perhaps wishes of higher intelligences to us who are clogegd by toe h-betating shackles of the earth." "Some of these higher intelligences have taken an interest in our work, and it nas been intimated to us that at a certain place near Maryboroogh there lies' only a oe. feet from the suearface a'qoari? rest of extraordinaryriohness. This, if we can ind it, will solve all our ifficulty at once, out we require a so sensitive" of the very highest class to help nus. We are conscious of the integrity of our own purposes, and that makes as bold, but of others we can. not be eaur. Gold c n be a carese as well as a bleesvig. There are those who are dominated by malign inflsencs-l" " That," said Tea, "is what is checking us. I was told that I should find 'one at Kyneton who would fulfill all the requisite conditions, and came to Kyneton to seena person of whom I had'hearl. Shevwas everywheres surrounded .by the aura -of earth, of. gross selfishness. Whatevrr gifts she possessed were desecrated to the porposes ":of sensuall earthly desires. Have you ever seen anything like this?" He took from a case a little box etrongly clamped withb'' rass. The box he pro. ceedod` to o'pen with a key which hung' from his watch chain, and within it there lay a ball of pl e, bright crystal. The father took the ball from its nest with thb greatest care. "'Just look. at this for a moment," he said, coming over to the seat besile me. ' Take it into your own hands and place that lihttle drop 'of purest ray serene' in this direction." There was what seemed a drop-tear shaped-in the solid ball, and this he ad. justed towards the north. I took the ball in my hand with considerable trepidation. iThat which you have in your hand is Cagliostro's Crystal. To those who know what it is, it- is invaluable, but we got it for only five hsnd-ed guineas. In some hands it is useless; in others it is instinct with a life of its own." At first there seemed nothing very remarkable-only a ball almost like glasees, Transparent, but with a misty opacity in its depth which seemed, however, to spread and shift and change. like the morning haos over the sea when the uewly-risen sun begins to scatter the fncle vapours. Then-good gracious-the filmy clouds condtense and gather into consistency, forming flitting images which come and vanisheb in a twinkling, but always more and more distinct, always taking form against the pure cold back.ground of the translucent crystal field. So absorbed was I in watoing the flitting shades that I had not noticed we were approaching the long tunnel at Elphinetone, and suddenly, with a roar and shriek, the train was buried in the black cavern. The light of the son wees out off as if by a knife, and we were in a darkness that could almost be felt. Then my eyes unconsciously turned to where the Crystal had been left in my hands, A pale ambient light floated around it, spread and Waver6d until it crept into the interstioes of the carriage, advancing and retreating like a lavender halo of flame, !'Jook1"Ib, hudg g you.g Ml fay. "Look I it is not given to many to see as you eee." I did look. I saw a form of divine bhaut, grow out of the radiance. The thousand prismatic colours and shades now permeated the grey mist which had been all I saw before, and each lent its charm to paint with mystic distinctness the face limned by, yet glorified by their rainbow splendoor. It was a god-like face, foll of divine majesty and com passion. Then with a rash of the wind we were again in the open air, with the bright prosaic sun flooding the landscape with his garish brilliance. I looked at my companions, they were smiling at my wonder and amazement. '" Yes, child, you are gifted," said Mr Allan. Ted said nothing, but I could feel the intensity of his look thrill to my soul. Sorely Iwas not then the young, perhaps fiklr, and careless msiden who a couple If hours before entered that carriage with a narrow circle of facts, doll facts, as h4s only mental horizon. No I Ihad groa the growth of years within the limits ` minutes. , The young man lent forward and plate his hand over mine, which still heldibhbasI "Pray, look again," he said:; 'Youa have seen what proves you to abe, s of the gifted. The gift is f . noO abhue." I looked. The opacity I t. otpd osfora was now more dntrand centralized with blackness, but 4 g uecoming attenuated, shaded o?f? cr)stal transparency. I saw myself-my own self-wualking in a field with a queer stick or wand in my hand. Mr Allan smiled significantly when I told him this. Then the figure changed and I saw a man lying on the ground wire his drooping head supported be my knee. Again the figures faded and I could see a bright landscape of waving corn, a village nestled amongst orchards and vineyards with wealth.pro ducing. mulberry trees lining the long etretcuee of the vista. Taeen-well then, I blushed and put down the mysterious crystal-for I saw myself a proed ard happy mother with children playing ona trim lawn, na aman standing by my side- the same man that sat before me in whose beau tiful eyes I could catch a gleam of the birth of love. which oncecherish ed by that strong nature mast live for ever. At Castlemaine we changed. for Marjburough, and only when we were in a crowded and uncomfortable ear riage.-the Victorian lailway " Commis eionera most think that only city folk care about comfort -Mr Allan. asked me to whose place I was going when I roached Mary borongh. -He .was much anrprie'Wd when I told himbthat my vibil was to AMr Maitland'a going: to Mr MaSit. Iantnia to- moorrow, he aiiidl "-Indeed it was entirely for the purpose of seeing him we came up. You might tell him .we shall be with him tomorrow morning after breakfest. Ofcourse he knows we aell be there, but 3ou might mention the matter to him." There was no op' portunity for con versation-durijsi the dull journey. 1 think I most. have fallen 1 albep at times, but I was always . watched with wonderful care by- both the gen tlemen, who al thoogh they con versed in undir, tonebmostearnestly never ielaxed in their constant and faithful. guardian ship. , '- * .At length twe reached . Marybo rough and on the statioin platform was my dear'friend and ally, Jessie. She- received me with all the spon taneous gladness of youth. My lggage wasescorted to the ponry.crriage by Mr Allan and his son, whom I introduced to Jesiese. "You and I," said the younger gentle man as he shook my hand, "You and I have known each other in other ages, bhis is only a renewal." I did not understand him at all-only -only--when we drove away, the port manteau In which was the areas that came down to my toes, was not nearly as important in Maryboroogh as it had been a few hofir before in Melbourne. CHAPTER II. Although I am very much tempted to do so I most refrain from enlarging on the heaity welcome I received at Jessie's from all the family. Mr Maitltand was a thborough specimen of what is the colonial ,deal of Father John Ball-bluff, kind, hospitable, and trustworthy. Mrs Mait. land was a lady trom the crown of her silvered head to her foot, well shod and small. There was a little army of brothers and sisters, and for a wonder they could get along without much tramping on each other's toes. The house was a big one, a,.d the family folly occupied it. Mr Maitland was a large land owner, and of coarse he was deeply interested in every mining adventure about Maryborough. He spoke of the Aliens at breakfast several times, and seemed to think them a pair of Quixotes with more money than common sense They had started. he said, a philanthropio scheme up in the Wimmers, but he evidently thought little of the prospects of success. Yet they were received when they drove up aft"r breakfast with the utmost cordiality. The gentlemen retired to the study iu mediately after the introduction of the strangers, but during the short time they were with aus I felt that the eyes of the younger Mr Allan were always following me wherever I went about the room. It gave me quite a strange sen nation-very pleasant, undoubtedly-but utterly bewildering to a young girl who had always been on a perfectly unem harassed footing with all the men she had hitherto met, and had never dreamed of what is called love,' It was a reve. lsltj9g, After about an hour I was asked to the study, and Mr Maitland laid the case before me. The gentlemen were thorough r believers in rhahdomancy, or the power of I discovering certain metals by the wand. I had never beard of the thing before, and I suppose expressed my wonder in my face. Mr Allan explained. "There are :certain persona-end you are one-who possess this power. We shall only ask you to take a walk with ns I and your friends and hold a little stick in a your hand in a certain way. You know," c be said in a lower tone," what depends on it. We have purchased a large tract of land, and we know there is a rich rest t below the surface. .e wantyou to bring a us as close as-poisi?lbeto it to prevent an-. necessary expense. Thatis all " r "I have never heard of minerals being t diecovered bjyihistmeans," said Mr Mait- t land," but I know that it has been tried t wiathibe greatest success for water. If e _,.onng lady likes to make the experi- t btishall take a graat deaLof interest bWht else could I do than say it would a :ive me the greatest pleasure to ha. of p , tiiough I doubtedif I:could do much goad. s. fTed-- [ always thought of him as Ted tl -bent over and said- a "Surely you cannot have forgotten a what occurred only yesterday." p I had not forgotten what had occurrel, g and Ted read his reply in t! e quick flickering glance I threw into h;d smiling a0 and earnest eyes. se f-qChristmas Day was fixed for our ex. h periment;, and I confess the ordeal through ai whica I had volantarily promised to go st prevented me joining in the Christmase ti Eve jollity with the vivacity of my age or v spirits. Jessie rallied me on my unwonted e; quietness, and said it was all through the g magnetic:influence of young Mr Allan. ci Sif course it was, but I was not going to confees it to her or anyone else. d Christmas Day came, and the whole Ii party of nl startet out on our adventures, er some on horseback and a big load in w Jessie's pony carriage. What I had to p endure in the way of "chaffing." I was b the witch of Endor at the very least, and I Jessie would have it that I wanted nothing at but a broomstick and my place in the carriage might be taken by Mr Allan. I bi was demurely silent under it all. An im- ri promptu picnic had been suggested, and ti the good things provided. Be About half an hour's driving brought ai us to the scene of operation. I was impressed by the experience of the day. J before, but I mutt say the company generally looked on the whole thing as g more of a "lark" than anything ilEe, and J the young Maitlands, .11 ho-e from school, et did not hesitate to express in plain terms at their heretical ideas. But Mr Allan and his son seemod to have noolhubt on the matter, and treated the scepticism of the T others with quiet disregard. gr it was a pretty spot where we halted. is The woodmen had long forsaken the it glade between two swelling hills, but had 1g left behind them the great stumps of the tl trees they had felled, and round the trunks had eprunk up small thickets.or W shoots crowned with, the soft, green 01 tolliage that contrasted with the silvery bi pliant branchs. "Tli soil was encruated el with tiny quariz pebbles, barely hIaving room tor the stunted bash grass and 5e vagraint orchid . N to, my dear,' sai "oia el r. Allan, b1 Sall you have tio- o-ithto~l ake this rod by w these two prongs an hold it out before at tmIure?"lut lhal onaii,,e c waso co determined to go tlhroghds Otlce. It was a trying time. At firhttheyr all f came after us, and we.bad the full benefit a of their opinions, and these not very corn. e plimentary, but gradually even Mr Mait al land got tired of the experiment, end they all went off to see about the contents of al the baskets, except, of course, Mr-Allt 0 and his san. " Up the hills :nd down their s!oping sides'and across teo gullies, where here it and there we saw the little holes of the O prospectors of the old digging.days, with h the triny heips of "mullock" at tht side. 9 Notwithstanding all miy doe'rmination I d was-goniog tired and diesoureged myself, when suddenly- -. e ;A tremor chot through thi rol iand quivered through my arms. The point a of the stick twiosted and curved std wrinkled, and actually bout tiielf in thib d air nntil it formed almost a semi-cirb'e(r .a and nearly forced itself out of my hande. n I was frightened--so much so, that if I had poseeesed sufficient presence of mind, d I should have dropped the wand to the earth. It reminded me of Aaron's rod, a which turned into a serpent. B "I knew it," Mr Allan almost shouted. j' "Go for Mr Maitland, Ted, and bring the a pick and shovel. Ten minutes' work will reveal every thing." f Taed went away at the double; leaving a his father and me', the one exultant, the Il other amazed. He returned in a very short time with Mr Maitland and all the reat..In a minute he bad off his coat, and seizig_.the great I pick with his brown, sinewy hands struck a it into the earth. We all stood round in a circle tWondering what we should see next. ".. The steel point dug deep in the stubborn soil at every stroke, and rooted up the t great boulders of quartz from their ancient beds. Then the strong mwn bent to the I shovel,and sweptraway the loosened earth from the excavation. Suddenly he knelt 1 down and seemed to examine the spot where his last stroke had fallen. i"Tnere is a reef here." he said, "and right beneath where 1 am standing. I can't judge of its thickness, but this," continned he, "will show what it's value may be." We gathered round him, and he held up a little cornered mass of white crumbly quarz, evidently broken away, and all along the blueish seams were tiny specks of ashining yellow' metal, which centered in a. mass of leaf-like gold, that fil1ed a little cavern in the body of a fused rock. It was gold-gold indeed, and expectation was justified. I need not repeat all that was said in the way of wonder by Mr Maitland and his children. Jessie was more than astonished. Like myself, she was half frightened, and thought it was a bit uncanny. As for myself I weeas actually bewildered, and could not help wondering at the change which the experience of two days had made in the character of a young, inexperienced and fickle girl. One can easily guess what was the topig disceased atour alfresco luncheoin. When we were leaving, Ted came to me and seid-, "There is no one. here, perhaps, who will retain a more vivid remembrance of this Christmas Day than you will, but you must have a momento. This piece ot quartz is:yors. Keep it. i may beome .he owner of it again, bit no one has a better right than youn to the first fruits of the "Uhrisaie Beef:'.' I had driiniis'nthr pleasant dreams, Ithat Clbristma alnht in the dear hlittle room, wiii?ltb.ut:rooh festooned with honeys'ickle and blush .rm". The days mehlted into weeks,' id:tbe weeks into t momnhs, and still Ilingeredat " Iara." Tue school-girl friendship betweendeasaiptd \- I broadened out into the qop5nlon which lats a life.time, :.t i O-me at "Iara," and loved it. ,. Perhsaps I hsd becomre aIl to look forward to the presence of one, to - make up for the gaiety of the town and compensate for the dullness of a country house. Ted Allan was a constant visitor at "loare." With all the energy of his strong - nateur he threw himself into the work of developing the "Christmas Reef," which promiseed to become one of the wonders of the country. His father's trouble about the future of his great scheme was at an end, and he soon left for town to carry out his philanthropic ideese-whijh com. pletely absorbed him. Trd came con. stantly to see es all at " Iara," but although he and I were frequently thrown together and although I instinctively knew that I was more to him than anyone else, yet he neover allowed the preferenceo to be betrayed to me or any one of the Maitlands.- I think he thought me too young for such things, and I am sure I had no idea of the extent to which he monopolised my thoughts and my existence. Oce evening he mentioned incidentally that he was going to explore the next day an old shaft dbout half a mile from the place where we had discovered the reef. "It look,," he said, "as if it was on the same line, and I should like to sea how the country makes. Joe Perrian and I will have a look. It is just on our borders nad it will be interesting to see how the people who suank it failed to get the gold." Jessie and I knew where the shaft was, and half-playfully sheke proposed that we should walk over and see Mr Allan and his mate at work. He seemed delighted at the proposal, and we promised, uclec? something else turned up, to meet him on the condition that he came back to "Iara" with us. We knew Joe well-a big, blue eyed Cornieh'man, with the strength of a giant, and the sunny kindliness of a cnild. Next day we did walk over in that direction. The shaft was at the foot of a little hill with a great mound of yellow rarth raised beside it, and near it an old waterhole made years ago for mining porposes, and now partially silted up with big tree trunks stranded in the thick, muddy waters, and throwing their gnarled hadonws over its dim surface. When we came to the top of the little bill, we were surprised to see a man muning rapidly round 'the great heap i''":.'° he direction of "Christmas Reef." He ow us and began gesticulating furiously and shouting for us to come quick. "There is something the matter," said essie, " that is Joe Perrian." My heart leaped to my throat, but I gulped down my emotion, and seizing essie's arm, I ran with her towards the heft. Perrian was at the mouth of the thaft when we 'reached it. " Mr Allan has fallen down," he shouted, are you girls strong enough to lower me?, -he air I thought was bad, but he would go down. It must be bad yet, but there; s a chance it is disturbed, and I shall taike' i. Somethinghas to be risked. I should. go down hand over hand, but hav6 no cnowledge of the depth.". .. .. The moments were precious. ;Ifeih'rlere was a chance it must be taken; snd at once. I felt every,mnscle in my body become strained and 'tightened, every energy and force wound up in.tension. .. "Go down, Joe," I said, ,"and we shall te." - There was. a windlass bridging the 6ck silhare io When we knew it, it was covered ha number of.plnhe' snd we usa cylinder. Perrian caught the rope and placed his. Eoot in the "lop. .We then.lowred, him sway into the darkness''I ? could note oven at that, moment of intens,'s and, egom?oing unceriaintyhelp thinkiig 'vwhat, b?o ?vn: mes tihiswae. Withoutcomment. us withoni demur of any kind, he sim *ly:, offered himself" to death in th. way:ot id'f . There was too mock heroism there''.." The scaoty light of the candle' hfliild 'hel in his hand was soon swallowed up in the' overwhelming bleckness; and - then?: w -' heard a shoot--';ielolit of something like.: .ladness--not the shout of horror or. despair. e'Dmn't lower much ,further. Ea]sy,' easy, that will do." We stood there wondering and wondering what was happening so close beside no, pet so far removed from us. In actual di-tance it was only a few steps, but what a change that distance made I We had, noticed that Joe had a long, small cord wonndironnd his body when he .went' down. We.beard nothing from him, but.. we saw the windlass rope tighten, and in. a few minutes-perhaps they were only.. seconds, but time was an awful laggard just then-Perrian's face app~atedst the surface. util •' He is still alive," he said. " When be fell he caught between a plunk.and-the. wall of the abshaft. The.'p)ak 1iadieen. left near an old drive.'"I' was far below_. it' when he told me to 'wind ;up??l?The'? air is not very bad. Something must be done, and at once. He is fastened 't the rope, but someone must be below to guide, and you two girls could never raise thee: , weight yourselves." "I'll go below," I said, grasping the. sitastion at once. "You will," said Perrian. "Well -you : are a brave girl, indeed." I don't know about being brave. I could" have thrown myself down on the:yellow ugly soil, and wept in an ecstaey5,if ,,. hysterical frenzu, but I knew that sat?.; would be real malnesn. - - "I'II go,"I said, "if yon will tell mi"' what I am to do. I have often enoughl' climbed a rope and slid down' a. rope ina".' the gymnasium." That wase in fun, but this is in-grim earnest, Remember your life and his depentd on nour courage. Give mesyotd' hand." I held oat my hbnd andylacesd it in his;. It was smtll and brdwn, bti' [know no~ a-. tremor betrayerd the awful struggl?e iht: was going on in my sout : "1I will do. You will heve to slide lown the rope not more than twenty.five feet. You must. stand on the plank and take the cord wvhich i have tied ebrut' Mr Atlan's body. When you are ready we, shall haul up. Soout to us. What yon have to do is to guide. Do not allow the body to swing against the side. That is all." Then with a gleam of light in his kind face. "He will owe much to the courage of a brave woman." I said nothing. I dared not speak. "Heaven I what a sensation it was when I swung myself over than yawning abyss of horror I I gripped the rope with the tenacity of steel. My fingera clutched it as if they would bury themselves in its tough fibree. Then I went down. The cold walls, ugly and blotched, sprang up past me and shut out the light of day until 1 travelled through a twilight into almost palpable darkness. It seemed an !ge, but wa in reality only a sfew.seconds when my foot. touched the plank and I knew that the fist part of my work was completed. There, huddled up, was the form of the man so dear to me. H;s head wan resting against the wall of the shaft, and his bod, was doubled up between it and the plank. Heanensl if that plank were to fall. Down, down, far down I could hear. the sullen echoese of water when ths etonea which I could not help distorbing Iwhirled through the awfal void. But I mOlt not indolge in fenoie or fears. (9.oh tinaed e% eon l pg* , , I saw at once that the big rope was securely festeler ed. Joe was not a n as to dothbi'geaiU half. The cord wals patly ,;'coi!ed on the plank, and the end trailed down far below. Now I could see. My own body had abut out the light, but now a square patch of sky was cut out above me and I could see Joe looking down. "In God's name haul up," I shouted. The face was withdrawn. The rope tightened and I felt the plank shake and quiver and rock as gradually the tension increased, and slowly the body rose and et oot on ife awful j urney. I think I did my duty, although even now those awful seconde seem buried in a cloud like the ghosts of a frightful dream, Up the awful borden went, and again darkneea was all around, but Ikept steady, and at last I could see the load taken from the rope and drawn in by the Cornishbman's strong arms. Then a great loneliness descended on me. There was a dreadful conscioueness of being forsaken, and for the first time I myself became the subject of my own thoughts, and the terrible possibilities of my own position almost chattered what little there remained of my courage. "Are you strong enough to tie yourself to the rope," Perrian shouted down. "If you place your foot in the loop, you will be up here in no time, but the excitement may have been too great, and I am afraid to trust you. Wilt yuatie yourself to the rope ?" 'I will, I will," I cried. "Send down the rope," The rope descended, and I wrapped the cord round it and my body again and * again, and tied it as fast as my hands could, now trembling with excitement, do, bruised and torn by the chafing and the unwonted work. A few minutes, and I was in the free open air of Heaven again, and the br-ez kissed my cheek. What a differeon between that glorious freshness and the stagnant and sluggish atmosphere below I "I shall tun for assistance," Perrian said. "Miofe [ Mitland- has gone already towards the reef." Now that the excitement was over I felt the reaction. I felt the hysterical struggle and tottered to the spot where Mr Allan lay stretched out as if he were dead. Sitting down I lifted his head un my lap.. An awful gash had torn the scalp, and there wad a dreadful suppleness in the arm bent beneath him. He groaned when I touched him, buthe was evidentl) Sreviving. His eyes opened, and there ,.passed over his poor, bruised and wounded face the smile of welcome recognition. I -bent down my head and caught the words as they struggled through his feeble lipse "My wife for the ages-I knew it." Yee, and at that solemn moment I knew it too. The cleuds of fate were rent, and I could catch a glimpse of the soul life of the part. It was no longer a girl they found there ending over the senseless body-it was a woman with a woman's soul vivified into a new life and a larger existence. I am contented. Themagio crystal was right in two instances. Inan traust for the others. At any rate, I feel transfigured, and feed my soul on.the ether of hope A fallen meteor has a very downcast ap ye mace. "What would you do if your husband should join a club ?" "I would buy one.' SHe-" Will you be my wife f" She "'You must ask mamma, first." He-" But suppose she doesn't refuse me ?" "Has ate given you any encourage ment 1" " Oh, yes! She says she will get all of her father's money when he dies " Case (annoyed)-" Donis you know that a fool can ask question a s-" I had heard so; now I know' "en aw an thinks ~pentaa gtw ea on e 