A Commonplace Daughter. [For the MINER.] BY JOHN AUGUST. CHAPTER XV. One day, a little while after the events recorded in the Iast chapter, Emma Long, the young housemaid in the Graham household, went for her usual "day out." In the evening her fellow- servant was standing at the kitchen door, watching for her return. Suddenly Emma was seen flying along the pathway which led from the gates to the back of the house. Matilda, known amongst her compeers as Matty or Tilly, wondered what could make her in such a flurry, knowing that as a rule she always lengthened her holiday as much as possible. Emma continued running until she reached the kitchen, into which she bounced, dragged the wondering Matilda after her, shut the door,then, overcome with fatigue, flopped into a chair, gasping in a terrible state of fear and exhaustion. "For goodness gracious sake, Emma! Whatever's come over you ?" "Oh, my gracious, Tilly, don't ask me just yet ! panted the other. " I've never 'ad such a skeer in all my born days ! Oh, my! To think of it ! I'll never go nigh there again as long as ever I live!" she continued, swaying backwards and forwards, still panting vigorously. " To think of what, Emma ? "What won't you go nigh agin Speak, can't yer? Don't go gasping and wheezing like that, for all the world like a pair of bust bellowses ! " "Well, then, Tilly, I've run so quick it's a mortal wonder there is a bit of breath left in me at all." "What on hearth is it all about, though? Can't you tell? You look better now, but you was as white as the wall when you comed in." " Was I, "Tilly ? No wonder, neither. So'd you 'ave bin if you'd seen what I did this very night." "My goodness, you'll make me downright hangry durreckly, agoin' on like that, sayin' you've seen summat orful and won't say what !" " Well,. Tilly, don't be cross, and I'll tell you. But, oh, my ! I did get a fright. Yes, yes, I am acomin' to it," hurriedly, as the other made a gesture of impatience. "Look 'ere, Tilda, I'll tell you straight out if you promise not to tell no one." "Oh, I'll promise anythink so long as you tell me what 'as come to ye ! " cried the other impatiently. "Well, look 'ere, come close. Tilly, as sure as you and me is in this blessed kitchen, and as sure as my name is Hemma Long, I've seen a real ghost this very night. Oh, my ! " "Bah! You goose, you!" cried Matilda, in disgust. " You're a clean- gone idiot, you are, Hemma Long. You and yer ghosts ! Yer always atalkin' yer nonsense about 'em, ! but yer ain't agoin' to make me believe, so there ! Fiddle-de-dee! Ghosts, indeed! Stuff!" "Oh, you may 'fiddle-de-dee' and 'stuff' as long as you, like," cried Emma, up in arms, forgetting her fatigue and loss of breath ; " but if you'd bin with me and seen what I seen, you'd believe fast enough I can tell you, so there ! I won't tell ye nothink more." Something in the decided manner in which this was said made Matilda waver in her ex- pressions of disgust and feel that per- haps she had not heard all. So she came back again. "Look'ere, then, Emma Long, you just say straight out what you seen. If you say just ' I've seen a ghost,' I say ' Bah ! I don't believe, yer ! " but if ye say ye've seen summun partickler, then it be a different affair." " Well, then, Tilda, I have seen summun very partickler!" "Lor! I don't believe yer !" " There ye go ! Ye needn't believe, then. I'm off to bed." " No, no, Emma ; I did'nt mean that. I meant ye don't really mean it ?" "Then why don't ye say what ye mean? Don't stand there. Come here. I'm that flustered that I dursn't stand up. I'm reglar shaking with fear yet. Just you look at my hand, If I speak out maybe Nurse Price'll hear; then she'll make a reglar fuss." "Yes, ye did get it about yer fine tale to Miss Fan. Well,tell us, who was it?" "I know ye won't believe me, but true as true, him that I saw was Master Mark ! Oh lawks ! he did skeer me l" and she began to rock to and fro again. In spite of her firm decision to remain an unbeliever, Matilda started and turned the least bit paler. " What nonsense ye do talk, Emma 'Long ! For what would dear Master Mark come back from his grave! He'd done nothink to make him rest uneasy, I'll warrant." How can I tell why it was? All I can say is I seen 'im as sure as sure." " How did you know who 'twas?" "Know ! Bless ye, how often 'ave I seen "Master Mark ! Know ! How would I know, you, Matilda ? What's my eyes for? I'd like you to tell me that !" "Well, you needn't be hangry. only wanted to be sure." "Well, look 'ere, it was this way. I was acomin' up the road singin' to myself and thinkin' of somethin' as 'appened at once, when just as I got to the gate something stirred in the shadow of the lodge. I thought it was the calf, and called it. Just then the moon came out from among the clouds, and I seen, him. Oh, lawks! my blood turns cold to think of it! He stood there quite still, and looked me full in the face ; then; before I could run away, he beckoned to me; then I ran for bare life, and did not stop till I came here." " Yes, I seen yer a comin' tearin' along in the moonlight; but how did he look ? What was he dressed in ? " " Oh, a long sort of grey thing, lil a woman's gown. His eyes looked like saucers, and glared like balls of fire; and when he stretched out his long, thin hand and beckoned me—oh my!" Words could not describe the intense awfulness of the situation in which she had found herself. Thoroughly con- vinced now of the truth of the vision, Matilda entered into the story with all her heart. So deeply were they interested that the clock struck un- noticed. At length Nurse came and found them. They were treated to a good scolding for keeping such late hours, especially as they were only gossipping. If they stayed up so late, how could they expect to be up in good time in the morning ? Had she known the subject of their conversation, her anger would have known no bounds. She had impressed upon silly Emma that she was partly to blame for the accident to little Mark; for, if she had not been telling her stupid tales, the children would not have gone to Millwood. In fact, the discovery of Emma's share in the disaster nearly cost her her place ; but she wept and promised amendment, so was kept on. In the present instance, she would have said she was only telling " Tilly," not the children; but, in Nurse's eyes, the offence would have been the same. (To be continued.) 