BETWEEN DRINKS. Hose carriages — garters. © © DissolVecl in tears — salt. © » AlwayB on time — the hands of a clock. « The baker always has his hour of knead. 0 0 « A very weak woman may throw a man over. 0 The bill-poster is- the most chival rous of men. He sticks up for every- I body. 3 I The business in which you know 1 you could make money is generally. 1 the other man's. 8 The book of lifo begins with a man I and woman in a garden, and ends I with Bevelations. I 8 What an income some boys would 1 have if thoy could carry accident 8 insurance policies. She : " That's prcjudico. Why wouldn't you marry a shopgirl ?'' Ho : " Oh, she'd always be calling for cash, you know." Lives of M.P.'s oft remind us, "Wo might got there if we would, And, departing, laavo- bchind 113, Laws that are no earthly good, ' ' ' He: "Should a girl get mad if yon kiss ber without asking ber?" I She: "Hot as mad as if you asked her without kissing her.'1 » Sentimental Lady: "This world is a vale of tears. Even the beauti ful rose has thorns." Prosaic Visitor : " I wouldn't mind that so much, bnt that whiting aro so fall of bones is an outrage on the human race." Ie o Mother: " Don't you know better than to put your feet on the sofa ? Look at the mud. Supposo someone should come in and sit down on it ? ' Small Son : " This is the night the Prodigal comes in to seo Sis, and thoy never sit on the sofa. They ' always sit on the rocking-chair." a a a Customer : " I wish to draw my money." Bank Cashier : "You will have to got someone to recognise you." Customer : "I will bring the policeman. Ho knows me." Cashier : " No, don't do that. Ho might recognise me, too: There's your money." a 'a a -he dad evidence. The man had been to seo a pres- tidigifcateur, and when be came home ho whs tolling his wife about it. " Ouo of his acts," he said, "was to cub a woman's head off right on the stage in front of all of ns." "Pshaw," she protested, "ho . didn't cut her head off." ; " Yes, he did, too. I saw him, and ; ' he carried it over to a pedestal, "and I /; it began talking." j '- "How do yon know it was a j ; :yroman ?" \ I f . ''Didn't I see her F" S rt ight have teen a man or a f ' boy drained like a. woman." 'I "Ho, it wasn't, either, I tell you. / It wits a woman. Didn't I s»y it /yjeejpfc -patalking "after .its head was '.. icuc off T' J It is obvions that a blood-vessel is .a life-boat. © © Whon a widow is re- married it is no Miss-take. . The liner's motto — A penny for your thoughts, Tlio merry cockroach awallowed up The editor's new paste, And murmured : " It is nice to have A literary taste." ' » " Havo yon made np your mind to buy tho liorso ?" " yeb, my mind, bnt not — ah — the amount." « "Goodness mo, Johnny! What aro you crying abont now ? 'Cause "Tommy dreamed abont eatin' pie last night, and I didn't." » « Flossie bimgltfc a fonntaiu pen Wliieb looked qnito too doliglitful ; liul xvben filio triod to writs with it. 'l'bo words sho used wero frightful. « Father: "Do you need this dic tionary in your school work?" Dollio: " Yes, it's just the thing to stand on when L heat my ourling iron in the gas." 000 He : " My dear, I have discharged Bridgot, a3 you requested, bnt she says she won't go." She: "What are you going to do about it"?'' He: "Well, 1. thought wo might rent another house, you know." She was tho smartest young school mistress the juvenilo class had seen for some time, and she started out to puzzle tho powers of pronunciation of lier class by chalking the word " husband" on tho black-board. To hoi p them out sho naked : — " Now, just think a minute — what Bbould i havo if 1 should get married ?" " Babies, miss/' shouted the class, in unison. A She : " A pretty time of night for y.ou to come home." Ho: " A pretty time of .night for you to ho awake." She:' I'vo stayed awake for the last four hours waiting for yon to come home." Ho: "And I have been keeping myself awako for tho last four hours at tho club waiting for you to go to Bleep.'" . 0 0 He had missed bis train back home ono race night, slept in his shirt, and was now doing the ante-breakfast crawl. With a desire for clean neckwear, ho entered a hosier's in Goorgo-street. . . "Gimme an eighteen inch collar." " What size, sir ?" " Eighteen inches." " 0 — h-h — that's the Baddlex's shop across tho way there." m " I don't quite understand," said the prisoner to his solicitor. " Well, it's this way. His worship said that the promiscnous way in which yon went about provoking peaceful citizens by striking them was disgraceful, and he has bound you over under a penalty of fifty pouuds to keep tbe peace towards all Her Majesty's subjects." " I mayn't fight with Her Majesty's subjects ?" "Ho." " Then Heaven help the next foreigner I come'across !" © © The latest style of female hoops is guaranteed " to be of feminine light ness and delicacy, and warranted not to cat tho limbs of attendant gentle- . men. © » Ho : " Well, .what have you bore ?" She : " Two of your old letters, my dear." Ho: " Urnph ! What's tho first one — that forty-pager ?" Sho : " One you sent mo when I had a slight cold before we were married. This half page is the one you wrote last winter when I was nearly dead with the grip. ' That's all, dear." - . Ho man likes a tart answer from his own pastry. © Serio-comic — Writing jokes for bread and butter. '0 0 0 Two souls with but a ' single thought— and hardly that. © , " I'll juBt make a night of it," said tho buu, as ho went down. 0 0 0 My husband is a kind of promis sory note — 1 am. tired of meeting him. 0 » 0 She always used to shako my hand with a touch as light as a feafcfier. Last night I said I loved her and she shook me altogether. Mary lia'l a littlo lamb, Us flcRb was pink and xvhibo ; And willi green peas — about dinner tirao — That lamb was out of sight. 0 0 -0 Actor (as a girl rushes past him, shrieking) : " l)ollo, what's the mat ter ?" Tho Girl (still running) : " Ob, oli ! 1 mot a ghost !" Actor (wistfully) : " Lucky crea ture." 0 0 0 Ho: "Ah, if I might linger by your side forever, I should bo another man.'' Slio : " How funny ! It is anotlior man that does Jiugor there." 0,0 0 " You 6nd the typewriter useful in your basiness ?" " I should say so. When a bore comes in I givo the operator the tip, and the machine makes so much noise ho can't hear himself think." 0 0 0 "My friend," began tho solemn man with tho rod nose, " we are all clust — ." " Go on," replied tho new police man, "or I'll soak you, an' then your name will be mnd, see ?" 0 0 0 " My dear young friend," exclaimed the good mau, solemnly, " do you at- . tend church regularly V" " Yea, sir, bnt I didn't go to-day. My gal's visiting friends out of town, you know." e « 0 Elsie : " And so you think that woman is a delusion ?" Jack: "Yes, but ono that wo men aro very fond of hugging, just the samo." (Puts out the gas). 0 Agues : " Why don't yon break the engagement if he is so disagreeable to you ?" Maude: " Well, yon see, he's given mc hardly any presents as yet." 0 0 0 "Do yon know, Jimmy, that I think your sister is just awfally sweet?' "I guess sho thinks a whole lot of you, too. I heard her tollin one of the other girls that you was a reg'lar puddin'." 0 0 0 In the gloaming:, 0 my darling, Wlieu tho shadows Hit and stroll, Won't you tako tho largest scuttlo And go fill it up with coal ? 0 0 0 Small Boy: "I think our teacher is losin' interest in us." Father : " Why so ?" Small Boy : " It's 'most two weeks since she reminded us boys that we might grow up to be President, if we Btndiod hard.'' ©00 Guard on Train : " What has hap pened ? Why did you pull the hell- cord ?" \- Passenger : My wife's hat fell out of the window." Guard : " And for such a trifle yon stop the train?" ' Passenger : " Trifle. You ought to see my wife's hat bill !" © © Grocer (to young man who has applied for position) : " Aro yon a married man f" Applicant: "Ho, sir; I am not married." Grocer : " Then you will not do. I prefer to employ married men. Thoy aire not in such an all-fired hurry to knock off work in the evenings. They havo got through courting. One's neighbor's wifo is always more interesting than ouo's own » © Ho : "I've bought you a pot mon key to amnse you, darling." j She: "Oh, how kind of yon ! How I shan't miss you when yon are away.'' 0 0 0 Judge: "Haven't I seen yon be fore, somewhere ?" Prisoner : " I shouldn't wonder. I have been in some mighty tough places in my time." 0 0 0 Jack (nervously) : " Shall I turn down the gas ?"' Flossie (hesitatingly): "Yes, but I think you'd better leave light enough to seo whore I am." 0 0 0 How tawny golden Was ber bail1, They matched it with an auburn shade 5 i Ouo said 'twas mado to Order, and Another said 'twas reddy mado. 0 0 0 " Oh, Mr. Prodigal, you will take . part in our amateur theatricals, won't j yon p" Prod (who fancies liimsolf as a, comedian) : " Of oourso I will. What shall I tako ?" jMi'S. O'JLtooster : " Tickets." 0 ' 0 Doctor, coming to see a patient, is met at the door by a servant : "Ah! doctor, master died during the night." " Thauk3. That's very good, for I'm very bnsy this morning." 000. " I tried my poem oa a dog, sir, as yon advised," said tho poet. "Well," said the editor, " what was the result?" " I was arrested by an officer of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ?" 0 0 © " There is nothing in it, sending a boy through college just to learn how . to play football/' " That's'' just the way I look at it. I told my boy to devote all his spare time to boxing and to become a pugilist. 00© " Jack Trevors asked me last nigbt if I would marry him." - " And what did yon say ?" "I. told him that papa built one addition to the house when sister Helen was married, and I didn't .thiuk he could bo persuaded to put np another." 0 0 © A -teacher who is rather fond of English things was orally instruct ing a clas3 the other day in tho foun dations of political scienoe. She had given her yonng pupils ft very in teresting lecture about the British system of government. And then asked the boy at the head of the class : " And now, Johnny, what aro the men called who govern or rale over ub in this country ?" "Kings!" said Johnny, promptly. "Oh, no. Tell me, the next one, by whom wo are governed ?" "Queens!'' "Ho. Hextboy." "Jacks !" said the next boy. And he was not promoted to the head of tho class. 0 0 © he was in no hurry. Yonng Wife : " This talk abont men being so impatient when a ' woman is getting ready to go any where is all nonsense." Friend : " Doesn't your husband complain at all ?" Young Wifo : "'Ho, indeed. Why, last evening I couldn't find my gloves, bad a loDg hunt for half a dozen other things, and yet, when I was finally dressed and went down stairs to my husband, there ho was by the fire, reading and smoking as calmly as if I wasn't half an hour late." Friend: "Well, I declare! Where were you going ?" Yonng Wife : "To a prayer meet- 