Farmer Housing Show Cattle. Comfortable snd roomy quarter* iro es sential in preparing cattle for slinw. Stall Feeding is nut the- Kest sytlem for show animals. Clean will linircJ bcails d# not usually come out of slnll*. Perfection in coat is n diflirult point toattaih, hut when it i« accomplished it goon a long way in favor of tlic animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a raro possession, only a very few of tlio cattle shown at oven our national show* being perfect in their coat*. In'ordiuary fattening for Uio bulc'icr, stall-fecdtit£ is no doubt aa good aa any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not the only point aimed at— the after health and bloom of Ilio animal ha* to b*> considered. It take* a full year, sometimes More, to tt cnttlo for tho show yard, and to confine the animals by tho lioad or iiec.lt for that period is not tho way to accomplish the desired end. Freedom to more about, or lie down clean and com fortable, can only bo afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. Tho superficial area required from tho calf to th« aged bull will rang* from 00 to 200 feet, ac oordiiuf to the amount of out-doorcxercise available, and in the house each beast re quires from GOO feet to 800 cable feet of breathing apace. Cattlo not intended for breeding purposes may bo very closely confined superficially for the period of otic year without iitjury to their health; but thcro aro iuore breeding animals ruined from want of room or cxercisu than from over-feeding. It is very hard to injure a hone by high feeding when tho work i* heavy, and tho same law applie* to cattle. Moderato exercise at the expense of ft certain waste ->f food is good economy. Tcmperattirois a great clement in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo meter in the barn will indicate the torn perature, and the nearer it average* the normal heat of the animal the greater tho economy of tho food consumed. When tho ouUido atmosphcro varies from, tay, freezing up to 100 deg. K.ihr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weather tho heat of tho byro can be raited by closed doors and vontila tors, but when the tom;>crmturo i* raised by the constant breathing of the same air, the health of the animal is endangered. All undercurrents or draught* should be excluded, and in no case should tho upper or roof vontilators bo entirely clo*cd. Im pure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they ire of right construc tion, will both allow the exit and cntranco .of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days tho doors can bo opened, or partly so, as tho thermometer will instruct; and after that the only means of cooling the air is by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to admit of its uso in cattle feeding. The best that can be dono is to have the byres or sheds proporly ven tilated and equally freo from draughts, which will allow of alteration when neces sary. An excess of lixht under cover U to be avoided in tho caso of fattening cattle.' Young growing caltlo intended fur breed ing purposes cannot very well have too much sun and light, but the ray* of the tun are only: valuable to tho cattle-feeder whon the temperature of tho atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air become* healed tho direct rayi of tho sun can bo' dispensed with. There is, however, po artificial hoat, such as wo provide with shelter, clothing, and Tiros, ctjual to the sunheat for health giving properties. Wo can produce a armlet heat than we dcrira from the sun, but in tho means we employ i. .it.;- it iL. «;- i. ~.^.;_ • „ v...-. more or less vitiated. When wo get light ant) heat fro"* the sun it is puro and gen uine, altogether different from anything wo can manufacture. This is tho reason why;the lamb that is reared in the light of tho sun is so much healthier tlian the one raised in house with the aid of tho sto' Shying Horses are Near-Sighteo. -" Wby it it that Blijiue in bunt* should be. «ct down to an u;;iy disposition I don't lnaw,"_s.iid,a prominent veterinary surgeon. "Itmust be because horsemen don't know, what else to lay it to. The fact is that it it seldom met with nnttss the horse.is near sighted. I bare tested scores of shying bone* for near sigbtciincu, and in nearly ail cues found what I expected. And now when I am asked to giro points on buying bones I give this as one of the requisites : Kcvcr buy a borac that is near-sighted. There ore, how ever, two exceptions to thii rule. It the bone is to bare a mate, tben it doesn't nuke any difference abont Ibe »i(jbt. One bone can go blind if Ibc other is clear-sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful tbat be.la not near-sighted, for be will throw you sooner or later. "Tue reason why a near-sighted hone ihies is rery simple," tbc surgeon continued, " Of all anima's.thc borso is the moit gentle, and even timid, lie lees a strange object, and bis susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy bim. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night !• a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that it yau drirc tbc animal close to the dreadful object tbe animal cools dorm at once. It it supposed tbat it is because the horse makra a closer acquaintance with the object. Thnt is true but not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The animal baa not been able to sec it from a distance. lie is Dear-sighted. Horses and Their Driven—lt has often occurred to me that the utility nnd age of hones are seriously affected and shortened by tbc thoughtless action of driven. It is but too common a prnrtic.', when a horse is rising a bill.or when, perhaps, in tht middle of a hill, foradriverto makcasuJrfcn slosh with the whip. This, with a «p:nl»4 horse, is followed by » sudden Wand in re power*, possibly powen that were at lh« time at the eitrcmc limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyor.» would naturally infer tbat its general (.Heel would result in rupture, greater or lcs*. of internal orgnns, or sprain of some joint. Can we wonder if tbc same result follows in • horse, especially when the treatment i» con tinued day after day the year througho-Jlf Under such circumstances, the wonder is that any horse escapes scriouj injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion of bortes arc thus rendered comparatively value leas, Mid their lues shortened. Wilb ahorse drawing a load, whether in conveyance,cart, or saddle, any call for greater ciertion should be made what I may call gradually, that is. the animal should first be made aware of what is required from it by the voice pre •vidinK tbe whip, and not tbe whip tbe voice. Bnyinf Ourioa in Ch|n»— Later «• pericnce taught ut that ibe curb ro»n aska ■bout five timci M much v lie it prepared to accept tor hit want. Making a choice and getting jour man Into a proper frame of mind to see M you do, a* regards bit profit, in telligently occupies •boot oae-balf of Us culturrd diplomat'! time. The carlo choaui, tbe first thing to do ii to take joar'man into the house, separating him from hit fellowe that he may lot bare Ibelr moral courage to uphold him. For the lot you mate your offer, be disdainfully refute*, and begins briskly packing up. When everything ia nearly stowed away, be asks, as if then had never been any question of It before, "How much V Tou again offer, and witfi • long drawn " No," he once mort unpack* llat ha may tempt you. Beelog yoa remain firm and take no more notice of bis, with a tragic air he deposit* tbe tbingi at your fett and glv«* yea to understand he hat made yoaapreaeal of them; that you are a hardened pinner; It baa coat him bit life** blood, bat he had ao choice. With an IO V for the amount and a deep bow be has gone, and you find your telf a collector im embryo with, the eo»* 