THE WIDE WORLD. The tallest building in Stockholm is the huge iron lattice-work tower of the cental telephone depot. Myriads of wires run from it, darkening the air. Everyone in Sweden uses the telephone, and uses it, moreover, very much. In the boarding houses of the Swedish capital the most significant feature in the routine is its never-ending telephonic babble. When a correspondent of the "Corn- hill," who was staying at one of these establishments, awoke in the morning it was to hear the jingle of the bells in the corridor outside his room and the iteration of the word " hvad" (what?) One morning he asked the landlord, who was at the machine, what it all meant. His wife, he replied, was buying some stores, and was telling him about them and their prices, and he, on his part, was shouting back to tell her in which particulars the prices seemed reasonable and in which unreasonable. Another day the writer's landlord went for a sledge drive into the country. When he had been gone two hours the telephone began to be annoying, and his wife stayed at it a long time crying " Oh !" and " Ah !" and " yes" and " no." " It is monsieur," explained a young lady who hap.- pened to be standing by. " He is resting for dinner at——, and is informing madame about the incidents of his excursion and the details of the meal that is being prepared for him." Not even a Westminster election, memorable as the elections for that city have been, is better remembered than that of 1784, in which Fox, The Man of the People, was opposed by Sir Cecil Wray. " There were 20,000 votes, according to the authors of Queens of Society, to be polled, and the opposing parties resorted to any means of intimidation or violence or persuasion which political enthusiasm could suggest. On the eighth day the poll was against the popular member, and he called upon his friends to make a great effort on his behalf. It was then that the 'ladies' canvass' began. Lady Duncannon, the Duchess of Devonshire, Mrs Crewe and Mrs Damer dressed themselves in blue and buff—the colors of the American Independents, which Fox had adopted and wore in the house of Commons—and set out to visit the purlieus of Westminster. Here in their enthusiasm they shook the dirty hands of honest workmen, expressed the greatest interest in their wives and families, and even, as in the case of Duchess of Devonshire, submitted their fair cheeks to be kissed by the possessors of votes. At the butcher's shop the owner, in his apron and sleeves, stoutly refused his vote except on one condition—' Would her Grace give him a kiss ?' The request was granted, and the vote thus purchased went to swell the majority which finally secured the return of 'The Man of the People.' " The last number of the " Vladivostock," a newspaper published in Eastern Siberia, reveals a terrible state of affairs among the convicts on the island of Saghalien. It would appear that the convicts there have been treated by some of the subordinate prison authorities so harshly that the Governor of the island has been obliged to interfere for their protection. A warder named Khanoff and some of his assistants, who at one time were convicts themselves and had been raised to the rank of gaolers, have been removed from their posts. Khanoff's treatment of his prisoners was so abominable that a number of them crippled themselves of set purpose, cutting off fingers and toes in order to be treated as invalids, and to be freed from his terrible cruelties. Others fled to the impenetrable forests, where they suffered all the horrors of hunger. In a satchel belonging to a fugitive convict, who had been hunted down, was found some pieces of human flesh. Investigation revealed that this man had been one of a party of four, and that only one of them now remained. The others had been killed and devored by their comrades. Similar cases of cannibalism are, according to the Siberian journal, not infrequent. A writer in an English paper gives an amusing, but, I fear, unveracious account of a performance of " Hamlet," which took place in Melbourne as far back as 1852. The moody Dane, according to this piece of stage romance, was understanded not of the pioneers of the early fifties. " The audience treated the whole scene with good- humored fun. One was so impressed by the king that he handed the stage monarch a bottle of brandy by the thong of a stock whip from the gallery. The third act was transformed into a most amusing colloquy between the grave digger and the gold diggers from Eaglehawk, made up of natural enquiries about the depth of sinking and the return per tub, which so tickled Hamlet that he gave up the soliloquy and joined in the joking. Ultimately, Hamlet, Ophelia and the Ghost, in undress, were obliged to appear before the footlights to bear a pelting shower of nuggets as a substitute for bouquets." This is, undoubtedly, very amusing, but scarcely credible. I suspect the explanation is that the performance was so infernally bad that the people threw pieces of quartz at the actors, who thereupon went away to the nearest public- house, and boasted that they had had nuggets thrown to them. Those old diggers were not the men to lavish a " pelting shower of nuggets'' upon manglers of Shakespeare. Hag Ahmet-el-Assal, a pilgrim lately returned from the Mecca pilgrimage, has been narrating the terrible experiences of his party to the editor of a native Egyptian paper called the " Mokattam. The pilgrim, whose respectability is vouched for, we are told, by an Egyptian Sheik who is greatly respected in Cairo, declares that on returning from Mecca the "Rafilat" or detachment of the caravan to which he belonged, and which was composed of about 700 camels, left Bir-Said at daybreak and halted at sunset at the foot of a mountain, on the road to Yambo. A few minutes after arriving there, the Rafilat, composed of men, women, and children, found themselves surrounded by Bedouins of the desert, who at- tacked them with the utmost savagery, slaying and maiming the men of the party. The hot, dry sand was wet with blood. Some of the women, after being robbed of their clothes and valuables, were left to their fate ; the younger and better looking ones were carried off as slaves. With great difficulty the narrator of these facts escaped with his life. The poor pil- grims so cruelly outraged had actually paid six piastres each and twenty piastres each for their camels to the Governor of Medina, to secure his protection against the Bedouins. The conclusion drawn by the Egyptian paper is that the Ottoman Government is not really master of Arabia, but that leaves the Sheiks absolutely free to rob and plunder, provided they profess a nominal allegiance. 