General Items. By an ingenious experiment with a metallic globe enveloped in muslin, M. S. Mourner, of the French Academy of Sciences, has obtained a plausible explanation of the apparent duplication of the canals on tho planet Mars, first observed by Sehaaparelli, the famous Italian astronomer, in 1882. It is produced, it would seem, by certain condi tions of the atmosphere of that planet, so that the phenomenon is simply a reflection of the actual canals upon the clouds above , them. M Meunier copied them in black lines upon his polished sphere, and found on looking at them through tho tcxtilo medium that each line appeared to bo doubled. Superstition dies hard. An aged peasant woman, locally believed to be a witch, breathed her last tho other day at Spatra, in Hungary. After her death many calves and pigs succumbed to various maladies, and the peasantry attributed these casualties to her ghost, which had been seen to walk abroad, they said; so, ono night, they went in a body to the cemetery, disinterred her corpse, cut it up into small fragments, cast them into the grave, and then returned home in the comfortable belief that the old sorceress would trouble them no more. What is believed to bo the fastest time on record was made by a compound loco* motive of tho Vauclain type on tho Bound Brook route between Philadelphia and New York on November 18. The rccord was broken between Plainfield and Elizabeth, where one mile was run in 37secM and two successive miles in 75sec., or at the rate of 97 miles per hour, A meeting of the members of the Opposi tion was held on Wednesday to deal with the approaching general election. The resent political situation was not discussed, ut the programme for the election was debated. It is proposed to form committee in the various centres of population through out the colony, and every preparation is being made to secure suitable candidates at the election. The leader of the Opposi tion, Mr. Reid, presided. The Orange Wtnie.rn Advocate of April 12 mentions that on Sunday night, at the rail way station, after the mail train for Sydney had gone, a still small voice was'heard some where near a truck of wood which had come in about an hour or less before from Molong. The owner of it was discovered to be a little boy trying to make his way to Sydney from Uorenore, his reason being to wish to see his mother. This awful offender against the laws of his country had clambered to the top of a truck of wood at Borenore, and had ridden thereon free to Orange. Afraid, perhaps, of the consequences of his crime, and the difficulties also of making his way to tho mail unseen, ho was forced to make himself known. The police took him in hand, and treated him as kindly as tho means in gaol would allow. Acaording to tho Jjcadcrt the boy was brought up at tho police court for vagrancy, and remanded for seven days. 