UNDER THE GREAT SEAL. . BY JOSEPH HATTON. CHAPTER XX. -(Continued.) Too .division ot the spoil, the surveying ot the ship, the excursions ashore, tho garden ing, the councils of war, and tho extra | nights of grog and merriment, made the time 1 no as nuicldv as it was nlnnsant. But before tile month was ended, and on the eve of 3erious thoughts of a last brief cruise beforo tho winter should . set in, the wind changed, and the snow came . down in a blinding storm that was followed by keen frosts and icy blasts, such as made it a , very risky tiling to engage in any turther | enterprises until tho spring. It was argued 1 by some that inaction for six months at least would demoralise tile crow ; and Precdie suggested that it might be well to lift anchor and lay up at Salem, or even in the harbor ! of New York, where they could ship the ' extra hands necessary to the complete man- j ning of their new vessel. But Keith, with a j lively faith in tho strength of England, while ho was willing to war against her, hinted that neither Salem nor any other American port might bo safe. Furthermore, the Americans would consider their capture of tho St. Dennis an act of piracy in a Hag ilying the stars aiid stripes ; and as for a | cruise in tho southern seas (also proposed by Precdie), he was for letting well alone ; it was in these latitudes that it should most satisfy them all to make their power felt. As for inaction, ho planned out a continual fight with winter to keep open a track to tho garden hut, and moreover there was plenty of work to be done in adapting tho St. Dennis to their own tastes and require ments. He was for settling down into win ter quarters, and those quarters tho harbor of \Y ilderness Creek. While the question was being discussed, . Winter intervened with barriers that left no option whether the ship should sail or not. The Master of the Erost and Snow drew his strong chains across both entrance and exit. The harbor was a little sea of ice. Jagged rock and shining- boulder were fringed with shining beads and pendants. Bergs begau to form in tho waterways outside tho creek. Captain and crew accepted the inevitable, and for such a company they; passed the time in very wholesome fashion, fighting the snow and ice and putting tho ship into perfect repair, making hardy trips of sport with gun and trap, and living a life of activity, only now ana then debased by a debauch of drink and ribald songs, in which Keith would join with a wild uncontrollable energy. He had, nevertheless, fits of despair, days and nights of speechless depression, followed by an unnatural activity. His chocks grew thinner and thinner, his aspect more and more gaunt. In appearance he had put on a premature old age. Only half through the allotted span of man, ho was worn and wrinkled as any patriarch. His sunken eyes had nevertheless the brilliancy of youth. . They sparkled in their cavernous, depths- His thin hands were strong as eagle's claws. A long drooping moustache worthy of a Norseman's visage mingled with his straggling beard, white and brown — a mix ture of youth and age. His dress was pic turesque in its careless commonness : a worn and ragged leather jerkin, baggy trousers, high brown boots, a broad buckled belt with knife and pistols, and a slouching lint of felt, worn far back, leaving the strange thin, ex pressive face open to sun and storm, defiant, wild, vengeful. He might have been made of iron, so little did he heed or fear hard ships of sport or march, of sleepless nights and days of perilous work and hard. In his profane way of looking at things ho would say that God would not let him die of colli or heat, of steel or poison, it was His will to torture him with ghosts and lit him for the lowest depths of tho fiery pit ; for he had a grudge against him which nought he might do of good or evil made any account. Then he would steal away where no eye could seo him, and weep bitter tears and pray in a blasphemous manner as one bereft. After this would coino a calm, a tightening of the lips, and a planning of murderous deeds of plunder and of vengeance. For the open part of two years Alan Keith and the St. Dennis led a charmed life. They were the scourge of the adjacent seas, and Hew their varied (lags as far as the Azores. Successful in every enterprise, they adjourned for occasional rest and safety to their landlocked fastness of Wilderness Creole. John Precdie had ventured to sail a valuable English prize into Salem, where he was received with great rejoicing. Keith's lieutenant had -also succeeded in converting certain securities into current drafts. His letters from Plympton.had also proved of great value. Plympton's notes he had turned into gold — at a considerable discount it is true. Furthermore, he had made arrange ments for the St. Dennis to go into port there or at Boston whenever she chose. A Wash ington authority had. secured him a proper commission for tho St. Dennis. But Keith would not budgo from Wilderness Creek. He had, however, early in tho second season of his adventures as pirate and priva teer, consented to the burying of the ship's remaining treasures. A party of Micmacs had been seen olf the southern shores of the Creek, and with them, it was thought, an European otiicer. Furthermore,. Keith had had the misfortune to take a British money ship — the very schooner with gold for the troops for which he had been on the look-out before her time last year. The schooner had tried to givo the brigantine the slip, but Keith had overhaulcd-her, and, overmatched as the schooner was, she had nevertheless fought desperately, and there had.been killed and wounded on both sides. Keith, after taking out her money and permitting the re mainder of her crew to take to her boats, had burnt the ship. By the weird light of her flaming timbers tho boats had been picked up by a British frigate, on her way to assist in the convoying of an East India ilcet. She \took tho schooner's men aboard and made for Halifax, whore she landed them and reported the los3 of the schooner. Here she met the St. George about to sail, and on board she carried Lester Bentz, whose secondhand knowledge of Keith's harbor had been under serious consideration at the Admiralty, and who had been compelled to sail with the St. George. Fortunately or unfortunately for Alan Keith, Pat Doolau had succeeded in making his escape from tho ship on which he had been held to sail for England. He had got back to Halifax in time to hear all about tho doings of the pirate Keith, as he was called by the Englishmen there, who were rejoiced that arrangements were being made to take him and his ship. Pat had succeeded in getting on board a fishing smack that was i naking her way into Labrador waters. They ind witnessed the fight between the schooner and the brigantine, and on her way to Wilderness Creek Keith had thought it wise to bring the smack to in response to signals which Pat had suddenly exhibited without the permission of the master. Pat making himself known was taken oil', to tho great de light of Keith ; and tho St. Dennis began to drift towards Wilderness Creek, much to the astonishment of the smack, that was studiously giving Demon's Rock the cus tomary wide berth maintained in all weathers by every careful mariner. Tho master watched the fateful ship plunge into the breakers, and all bis hands stood aghast at tho sight, unable to accouut for her seeming to confound rooks and shoals, and broken water for the navigable ocean. Some fiend, no doubt, bad taken hold of the helm : whilo others beneath the keel had dragged lier down, for presently she dis appeared without a sign. Tho men of tho smack thanked their good fortunes that they wero safe ; and Sandy Scot and his men gave a mighty cheer of welcome when once more they saw the St. Dennis sail into harbor. Pat Doolan's news sent a cold shiver to the heart of Alan Keith. Their haunt oneo discovered, they would soon bo face to face with England afloat and ashore. If Micmacs bad been seen, and with them an European officer, they hud best prepare for a fight to the death. Bentz on board tho St. George was a sign that their days of case wero over. It was resolved to prepare for attack. Already there were several graves near about the entrance to tho eave of Demon's Rook. It was decided to add to these five others, that should bo storehouses. They were to contain the more bulky of tho company's booty. Conditions and agreements were entered into as to the future in respect of survivors. Keith bad taken ail extra bond of Fate in secreting such of bis store of money and securities as lie thought best to have under liis own personal control. This buried purso consisted of his own personal savings at Heart's Delight, the moneys en trusted to Preedio by Plympton for their enterprise, his share of the Spanish haul at the Azores, and other smaller stores of stones and scrip. Five brandy and wine casks filled with booty, to be redivided among the sur vivors, wero buried among tho other graves. Upon them were piled stones and boulders In a careful, formal mauner, each gravo with its cross and rough record of names and acs. But the commander of the St. George had no notion of making acquaintance with tho harbor of Wilderness Creek. He discounted tho Bentz romance sufficiently to steer clear of such nonsense as a secret bay, but lie was under the impression that thcro might after nil, for a small ship, bo steering way through tho hitherto regarded as inaccessible rocks to the west of Demon's Rock, perhaps by Belle Isle, any ship navigating such a course being shielded by the hilly coast, and finding her way many miles out to tho eastward. Keith had taken an entirely exaggerated view of the possibilities which grew out of the information brought by Doolnn. In ordor to clear the way for tho exit from the harbor, and also to give reality to tho graves, the treasure ship was piloted out and per mitted to go to pieces on the rocks; and to this day there are remains of her still, wedged into tho jagged foothills of tho high torrs that appear to inarch along the shore, headland upon headland, one endless range upon range of stony dangers. Pat's story of tho destruction of Heart's Content and the carrying away of Plympton did not servo to cheer tho lowering spirits of Alan Keith. And Sally Mumford and his son, what had become of them? Pat had no news whatever of them. They had dis appeared from his ken and knowledge from the moment the sodgcrs marched into Back- bay Valley and laid violent hands upon the settlement. He thought Master Plympton had been able to give Sally considerable money, and that he had advised her to make her way to Halifax. But the trouble had so taken hold of his mind that ho did not rightly remember anything; and having been in the sea after his escape for a wholo day and a night, what he hau really known had fot washed out of him, and that was a fact, t had boon jn his mind to find Miss Mum- ford and offer her marriage, so that he might have had authority to protect her and look alter the boy ; but whether ho would ever have the chance to meet her again, that was a puzzle sure, though it was not a greater improbability than Ills having met Master Alan Keith, the brave and mighty hero. The brave and mighty hero felt that he was doomed to a serious fall from the romantic heights to which he had soared in the imagination of Pat Doolan, and from tho fairly safe position 'winch he had hitherto considered secure at Wilderness Creek. Not that ho feared death. That might come how and when it liked. But he had a grim idea that lie was doomed for all kinds of miseries of captivity and torture, that ho had for some untoward reason been marked down by fate or Heaven for black and cruel misfortune. After all, was there a Divine and jealous God ? Had he offended tho Majesty of Heaven in giving up tho grand simplicity of the Scotch Church tor the false faith of Pather Lavello, and for the scllish reason of being more acceptable to Plympton and his daughter? Keith brooded and drank and drank uud brooded until he was in a fever of rage and violence ; and, as if moved by tho very fate ho dreaded, he ordered the St. Dennis to be once more made ready for sea. The sight of Doolan had brought back to him pictures of his lmppy daysr and lie seemed to hear whis pered prayers in a dearly-loved voice in the interest of little David. He commissioned Doolan to find his son, and thought of some provision for him that might bo safe ; and he undertook to put the Irishman ashore at some favorable place or time for the pur pose, but it was otherwise ordained. Leaving the southern outlet of Wilderness Creek the St. Dennis found herself under tho surveillance of a frigate which presently made sail towards St. John's, possibly on convoy work, for the fishing shins were once more sailing into Newfoundland waters. Keith's prime object was to pub Doolan ashore, and Boston was thought to be his best port. The St. Dennis made for Boston, but before sundown found her course barred by that very three-decker from which she had escaped in her earliest adven ture under Keith. Bearing down from tho north, and now fairly in sight, was the fri gate they had observed early in the day. Exchanging with her British signals, which had, however, not deceived Tier. Keith changed his course, and made for the Baha mas ; and now began a chase in which the brilliant seamanship of the captains was only equalled by the sailing qualities of their ships. They were three graces of the sea, the three-decker playing the magnificent part of Juno. At sundown the frigate flung a siiot squarely into the lower rigging of the St. Dennis, and the three-decker stood by to watch the fight, for the St. Dennis was within range. Keith had not been idle. He had mameuvrcd his ship so as to get broad side on, and hardlv had he roared down the main hatchway "Pi re," than the St. Dennis trembled from keel to topmast with the ex plosion that wus Keith's response to the challenge of his adversary. When smoke cleared it was scon that the frigate's mainmast had fallen, and that her sails were riddled and torn. " Noo, my lads," shouted Keith, "at her again while she's tekk'n up wi' sails— noo. lads, wear ship — this time sweep her infernal decks. Ah, all I that's it'; by the lord she'll wish she were back i' Halifax !" The brigantine broke out into thunder and lightning, and tiic frigate was sorely smitten with the bolts. Her sails were in rags; one of her two remaining masts was shattered. "By the lord, her deck's a cemetery," shouted Keith ; " stand by, boarders I curse it, the George is nae longer lookin' 011 ! " The three- decker had no idea of continu ing to play the generous part she had elected to observe at the beginning of the fight. Re garding tho two vessels as well matched, the Vice-Admiral was willing to lot the frigate have the glory of the contest and capture: but the frigate was so hard hit that duty had now to give place to sentiment ; but before Keith had barely got out his last words the side of the three-decker burst into flame, and the brigantine reeled under the blow, that struck her fore and aft. As the sun dropped into the sea night came on almost like the dropping of a curtain, but not before the brigantine had sustained the shock of a second broadside from the St. George, directed with terrible and fatal skill. The brigan tine was literally crushed under the weight of the murderous hail. If the darkness had been somewhat delayed, tho St. Dennis might have been saved by the foe, and 110 doubt would have been, not only in a spirit of humanity, but for the glory of her capture and the arrest of her daring master. Know ing the danger of the waters into which they had followed the retreating brigantine, the three-decker and the frigato had stood out for the open sea. During the night the brigantine drifted upon the coral reefs of the Bahamas, and every soul except one was lost. He rose up from the wreck and stood forth a grim silent figure, with bleeding feet and hands torn upon tho reefs, stood forth in tho night— blinded with spraf, deaf with the cries of the dying and the rush and roar of the waters. When morning broke the St. George sent off her pinnace to the reefs, but the ship was already breaking up, and no living soul could be seen, only a few Routing bodies which the sea had not yet released from the spikos and sours of the coral reel's. But on the barren snores of-Abaco, before the day was over, the same grim figure with the bleeding feet and hands, all torn fighting with the living rocks, rose up once more and walked in a world of mocking sunshine. (To bo continued.) 