TALE. A Phantom Portrait. By,L. ZAiiauiLL. Dlvq Mikh ; 'Will you look m nt my shop this o\ omng ? Quiller is m town, and w going to diuo with mo at tho ulub. I eau!t stand an evening of hun ulono, but if you and Toddy O'Brien will support ine, with pipes and potations, I tlunlc we shall bo n match foihnu. Conio curly, and I'm your friend for life, Dick Giiavkh. I luid nothing particular to do, so I went »»uni. iuuuu iu uuu i iMioum turn up, having first inado sure that Teddy O'Brion, WI1050 studio was in tho name block, would ..go also. Quillor wo know of old, ns all tho world knew hun — a man who had scon every thing, ^0110 overr thing, boon evwrywhoro — and theso occasional visits of hn wero a p*r potual terror to Graves. Why ho paid them wo no\er knew. Tliero wan a kiml of tradi tional friendship between tho families, cer tainly, hut Quillet wua u man who scofted at tradition. Ho was in every way out of syin pathy with a wet of ardent, and impediment ? painters, Ak journalist , as traveller, an man of tlio world, ho had outhvcdhisenthusiasnis. Xifo ceu tamed no new cxperioneo, no sur prises for linn. It was only a monotonous round of tho Icuowu and the expected Dick Grave*, who usually shone us a lio«t, was not at liis best tins evening. Ho was nen oiw at first, and mther silent, leaving tlio burden of tho talk to Teddy and myself ; and wo hud tlio ill-luck as tho puuoh eutmlatcd to light on a-vem of humorous stones, at-whioh wo laughed consnmedly ourselves without o\oknig ovou a smile from tho guest of tho oveuuig. 1 1 Will you fellows look over my Cornish tjketchesr' waid Graves, suddenly jumping up m desperation, .'I think ' thcro are some ^ ou havo not seen' — and ho bogan to ninmiago about nmong a pilo ofoldouu vnsses. ? ? * Qiullei resumed hiH neat, aud sat half abw.ntly, half-conteinptuously, watohiug us tus no tumod over, tho paintings — possibly ho was amused- by our jargon of 1 tone ' nnd ' quality,1 and ths rest. At length I pioked up fmm tho heap a pauitiug t.lmt oaugtit my eye mid -.-propped *ifc On tho easel near the laum. It was -iuitp unliko Graves' usual work, and I Atoou looking nt it. forn moment, not quiio Knowing wiiy x did so. ItwaHthe head of a jouug woman, palo nnd nhghtly woru. Sho was leaning a little forward, looking out of tho picture, her mouth parted by n slight, tremulous smile, and in her oven a look that wua n wtrango uunghug of emo tions, us if a nov hope and happineas had como into a lifo of sorrow- a half-wistfid, hulf-exultnntlook. IturiiedtoBj-caktoGi*ayo«, and wiw that Quiller hud got up and was Btaiuling gazing at tho pioturo with a look of f(i8einatiou or fear. Hero at last was some tinner that interestod hhn VWliero did you get that?' hoaskod, ab ruptly. * What do you think of it? wiid Gravos, filowlvi 'It^ u good head,1 «aid Teddy O'Brion: * it's a wonderful model, ' said I ; ' A face to haunt ono,' said Quiller, in a tono qiuto unhko his ordinary oymoal ono f.Ah, that's it,' said. Graves. * 4 Its more than human.' 1 Who is itV' said Quillei'i iu his abrupt way again, .- *Pon my bouI I ain't tell you, for I don't IfTlrttV Tf»u n ..1.1 ' *1 ? 1 most ashamed to a«k 'you to beliovo I slum t bhimo you if you think I'm humbug ging.V ... 'Wo settled ouraelvos by tho fii*o witli our pipeSj aud Dick lx'gan Iuh stoiy m a manner, for lum, j»o unusually gi*:ivo and improssivo that it seemed to leavo uo room for doubt ns to his porfoot good faith m tho matter *1 wont into Cornwall, as voukuow, at the ond of tho summer, and nftcrJiWforA'nunT . . -\vcnt to tho South £ coast to try to find eomo plauo that hud been ? less painted. I stayed a few days at Pol . perro, but it was all ho much like the smaller exhibitions in town that I could not stand it, nnd I finally landed at ? naming a sea port, i where there were no painters and not , many visitors. I stayed at tho ' Ship Inu,' and looked 'rou ml for a place to hang up my palette. After some enquiries, I found a #ranll cottage which had been empty for Bomo time, hue which hndevidently buun used , ' us. a studio, for thero was a wall knocked o-*t atouesido and a good *ized ix-om added, /witli a high north light. On tho south, tho Jdteheu and ' parlor,' which opened one into ; / . tho other, had a viewoftho loveliest littlolmr ' bor in tho world. Tho placo was just what I '\rantcd, -uid the rent was absurd— only £10 . , a year; ko I took it for six months, on the . understanding I was to keep it if I chose I bought a few things to make tho place comfortable, and got an old woman to look ; , after it for me; but- 1 lived most, of tho timo . at tho ' Ship Inn,' and just at first I spent very little time at the studio, only taking in iny canvasses at night. When Oetobor not iu cold and wet, [ had to do home work indoors, * and then it was I higan to tliiuk there was something que*r about tlio place. Ono day I had been paiuting a young girl frem tho vil lage, the granddaughter of my ancient dame, J and, I wan putting a few finishing touches to ! the baok'grouud, Avhen 1 hoard a souud eloso ? behind me like a very gentle pigh. I looked , round quickly, but there was uo ono in sight / —no ono in tho i*oom, in fact, I went on. . painting, with an uucoinfortablo feeling of : something uncanny, aud m a fow uiuiutesthe sound was ropeatod . actually at my car. I dropped my brush with tho start I inndo, mid then I wont all through tho houno to i co if anyone wna in it. I tmow that Amrio nnd her grandmother had gono homo, nnd I thought — I hoped — that nomo poor roul had crept in to nheltor from tho vain by tho kit chen tiro. Well, there v;:r.j not a rord nr.rir the place, I locked up carefully that night when [ went hack to tho inn, aud iu tho no laee of a gla? i o£ i;rog and r. pi^n hcTovo I v/enl to hod, I almo.-t ])enaiadcd myrMf thorj ( nothin;; in it. In tho morning I hrd , really forgotten it, I fancy; but whsu I got hack to the t-ht-lio, acurioii'i thing had hap pened. I'ight aero: 'i tho f:iee in my picturc were a eoiiph) of bni'-hinarlcn, f«uch. an you might ninko if you Ware t rying tho tuoth of r. canvas, completely npoiling my v.'ork of tho day before. I called up Anuio and her grandmother, and aeeui ed them of playing trieks TJiey were indifpiant. at tho idea, and tina'ly I had to ajiologizo for my nuspicionn. Wo searched tho hou^o together, but could find no mean* bv which auyono could have entered, and at last I was obliged toconcludo that I mu?-t have dono tho (iamago my/jolf when I let my bni'ihe j fall. In a fow dayn, liowever, it. became impossible to explain tho thing by this or any other natural mennn ; constantly my canva? : es vrero tampered with, and I grew to have the feeling that after twiliuht I wu* never alone in tho room ; that faint sigh, which had ro startled mo at iuv-t, I -ame to listen for and ex^cot, and I hognn to clotho it with a por.-onahty, and to wish I had some means of comforting tho poor t -oul who,, had uo other language in which to ex press her despair. I did not think it wan nho who had defaced my cauvasscs, howovcr, and I took to carrying my worl: back Vrith me at night to tho inn, whero they wero r.cuuro from interference. 4 1 suppose the thing would havo ended tliero but for an accident. Thero wan a race meeting in tho town, and tho ' Ship ' was iu vaded by a low set. of fellows, who got drunk, and made beasts of themselves generally, i Tho placo became unbearable, and I deter i mined to enmp in tho ntudio until thoy cleared out. I mado up a big lire, got my old woman to leavo mo some hot water iu tho kettle, and with tho help of a nig and a pillow ntulVed into the back of my chair, I made mys At tolerably comfortable for the night, ilow long I slopt I don't kno s\ I awoke suddenly, not as ono docs in bed, with 'a drowsy feeling of relief that it is too early to got up, but with every sense ou tho alert, and a curiouo impression that something unusual wao hap pening. Tho fire was still bright, and m*do a glow on tho opposite wall ; but what mado tho 1*00111 so light was tho moon shining in through tho squaro window in tho roof. I could seo everything iu tho room quite' plainly, but I seemed oppressed by some weight that mado mo powerless to more. I sat thcro staring at w -at happened ns helpless as if I had been bound. My painting thim-s wero just as I had left them ; my canvas on which I bad sketoheiVin a hend on the easol, and close by, on a stool, paints, brushos, and palette. They had been there, that is to say, tor now th=ro stood in front of tho ousel, with his bnok . to mo, a tall man, witli a Ptoop in his shoulders, nnd dark gray bair ; ho had my paletto in his hand ; and ho was painting away -with a sort of ner vous intensity that it thril ed ono to poo. t looked to so* what ho had been painting, for ho kopt glancing over towards tlio patch in tho moonliglu ; but at first I could seo nothing. Then I lio.»rd that gentlo sigh, J»ut not, it soetno.l to mo, so utterly weary aud heart-broken as formerly ; it was a sigli almost of contout. And as I pondered on this, my oyca seemed to become moro accus tomed to t»io light ; and th ro in t4 o moon light, on tho very clmir in which Annio had ; sat, v as a youog woman, leaning slightly forward, youug, beautiful, and vory pale— j hut you havo seen tlio pieturo. I looked at i hornowiuoro than at him, only glancing ' now and then to seo how tho work went on. As I watched her tho fa?o changed, and tho : sorrowful, worn look, gave place to a kind , of w .ndering happiness — he has not quite ; got it in' thy pieturo ; it was as if tho feeling j wore so iutouRO it mado i], kind of radienco round hci. I don t know how long I watched. At last a sound mnoo me turn and look at tlio paiutor ; he had thrown down tho paletto aud brushes, and was standing look- . ing nt his work ; then ho tumod slowly and j hold out his hands witli a supplicating ges ture. She had risen, too, and came a stop forward with a wonderful light in her oyes, and just as sho put her hands iu his a cloud pawed ovor tho moon 'and blotted out the figures from my sight. When it passed the patch of moonlight was empty, and there was only tho painted head and tho pa'etto lving on tho flonr to eouvinco mo I had not been dreamiug. After that I must havo j fa leri asleop,' lor it wis broad daylight when | I next remembered anythiug, and I heard tho wel omo and familiar souud of my old woman preparing my bmkfust. Tlio smell j of frying pilchards was refreshingly muu- I dane, anl I got up .stiff aud sore from my I uueany couc«, prepared to find that the' phmtora* if tho uigliv. before had been nothing but a dream. No; tliero was tho, picture, j'ust a's you s o it, and on tho floor j wero tho paletto and brushes. I picked them up, and looked curiously at them. If you'll beliovo mo, I could never luako up my mind to olean tho paint of? th«t paletto, and it hangs there just as tho fel'ow left it.* Wn sat silout for soiuo minutes when Graves had done.' I confess tho story im pressed mo a good deal, and glancing up I could: seo that Quillor was strangely moved. . And did you never havo any explanation of the thing V said I at last. ? ?No,' said Gravo«, c I uovor had any ex planation, and I don't suppose I over shall.' Quiller had . risen uud uto d near tho tiro. M?think I can give U,* ho said, knocking ihe ashes out of hiu.pipo. Graves staved . ub k'm ; no one spoke, and ho went on, a« if umvillingly : 'That vTnust'bavo' been Drake's cottago ypu had ; lio was btforo your time — I dare you never beard of him. Ho lived there with i is wifo— and that's her portrait.' i Graves' stare of surprise bceaino moro i profound, mid Teddy and I looked on in I silent wonder, Quillor went on, speaking |^h1j£ jwt;,, it lia t Jiiis been cametI'quito 010*0!' t'unaolf. * Thero was a tragio story told about Drake aud his wifo. Ho was a good deal Ider than she, and changeable and moody in his ways ; and she, poor child, was ambi tious to help him to be great. At first ho was thoughtful and tender towards hor, and then I10 seemed to forgot how fragile and sensi tive she wiih — he neglected hnr, and grew mow and more morose and moody. He used to get very snvago about his models, and complain that it was impossible to get any (me with intelligence enough to sit decently. Once his wife askoi him whether she could not sometimes help him by sitting, and he ' only laughed at her, I remember. * You-— I you T he said — that was hII. Then the poor ' chik' had an illuess, wkieh if sho had been happier, might havo oudod differently, and been a new liappino s to both of thom ; but 1 she was too woni out with sorrow and disap- | pointment, and iu tho end sho died. In her ! delirium sho was always calling to her liu*- ! band : ' Let mo help you ; let 1110 bo of some use : only once, dear ; paint mo only once ' ; and poor Drake, who weko up to a Benso of bis loss, wan heart. bvoken at uis inability to satisfy her. The toudo-est aud most passion ate tonos of his voioo never reached her, and she died without over knowing him again. After that Drake was a changed man; ho! seemed to havo only one idea— to paiut tho | portrait of his wifo. Canvas after csnvas ho spoiled, and when I went to seo him lie would say : '.Sho cannot rest until I have done it. I must auccosd ; sooner or later I must satisfy her.' A* length ho becamo so I unmanageable, oating nothing, aud spending j long, sleopless niirhta walkiug about the ouuntiy, that liia friends came and todk h^ ' away. Ho died nomo months Ut6r in an nnylnm ? ' By Jove !' cald Teddy 0 Brien, when Quiller ha1*, (hushed, and then relapsed into rilcnco, I looked at Cravc.M but ho wan lont in won derment too iV :p for v/ordn. 4 Tuo porlL/iL'n very li!;oher,' i/iid OuiUcr, v-ioh r, iu )un tone. 'I'm jjliul .T^r.iT^o m-co- rlc-1 r t lr.-.t.* ' You ihin!; ? ' r; 'id X, r.ud bro!:o oil. Quiller '.vr.'i pu'tiir; on hi:j oat. He nn .'iwered ;.iy nr...po!:en quo:-,' ion v.'itli a solem nity ior '..'Inch f. not prepared. 4 irov tv/cniy-two ycara Ihoru tv;o poor ;;\o.'{'j havo been v/aitin,^ their opjiortuuity. Jjet. un bo thankful that in thoeir.d thoy found it.' Ho rconicd to forgot to tako leave of um in any v/ay, aud went without another word. An tho door clor:d each of un dro,r-* a df-ep breath of relief. Die!: rained hin head with au air of rhipefactlon. 'That'n a nun atory,' naid Teddy O'Brien, 4 why did you never tell it bc foro V 'Tho rummiot thing about it in the rcquel,' raid I. 'Dick, old man, is y-,ur parttniof' ' I don't know,' fjaid Die!: : 1 1 begin to think it muot bo.' ' Great Scotland Yard !' naid Tcddj O'Brien, 'did you mako it up r' ' Every word of it? —on tho t.pur of tho moment.' ' Did you know — ' ?Not a word. Quiller ncemed utruek 1-3* that picture, and it wan the only siyn of hu man interest I10 had shown no I thought I would humor him. I didn't mean a ghost story when I begun, butit somehow developed into that. I would havo given a good deal to tako a riflo out of him, hut I never hoped for anything i;o oomplotoas thi'.' 4 It wan a curious coincidence that you oliould havo taken Drako's cottage,' said Jlr. O'Brien. 1 , 4 Yen, said Dick dryly ; 4 but tho most curious part of it all in that tho cottago was made up too.' 4 Great Scotland Yard !' ' said Toddy O'Brien again. 4 And who painted tho head V . 4 1 painted it myself,' said Dick, 1 and I begin to think it must bo a deucod, good pie turo.' [the end.] 