The Face at the Window. . . V Silvan! Todd met me it the Seville one ivening end took me aside. I was living in two coome not let from the Edgwara toad. - . " Look here, Williams," he began, 11 am going to Egypt on thlB oholore eommission, and I ehall be away ior eiz months at least, ili yon like to move into my house whilo I am away, do eo." . _ ' Into your house in Grosvenor street r i exolaimed. » "Yee. Why not I" he replied lightly. I will leave otaeques lor the rent and taxes. You will bo doing mo a kindness. Goil u b tidy man, but I would prefer not to leave the servants alono in the house." . But sb to rent ?" I said dnbioasly. " Never mind about that. Or stay. In place ot rout yoti oan pay the eefvanta' board wagoB, or find their keep it you ploaso." < « Done with you," I eried heartily. A week later I moved iuto the house in Grosvenor street, No. 190. It wae a lair-elaed bouse. On the right ol the bait wae the dining room, spacious and wainscoted in oak, with much sombre furniture, and one large window whioh looked upon the street.- Behind this wee the consulting room._ The window here was overlooked, but a window garden well atooked with ferna, and above it a aurious laoe blind, eeaarsd the needful privaoy; So much lor the house. I had been in it about three weeks ; the worda, " Oomo and see me; I am living in Ctrosranoretreetnow," wore beginning to lose their first sweetness in the mouth, when, on going out one morning, I found a man standing on the doorstep. He had that momont rang the bell. " Doctor Silvani Todd ?" be aeked, looking from me to a paper be held in hie hand. II Are you Dootor Silvani Todd, sir?" 44 No," I haeteued to answer, fearing that he waa collecting rates and tsxea. 44 lam not Dootor Todd. Ho ia in Egypt— in the Soudan ; right up in the country, in fact." i 4< Anyone living here beside Dootor Silvani Todd 1" bo aeked jerkily, poietng a pencil above hie list. " Living here ? Well, I am living here, but—" "Christian nemo, enrnnme and profes sion," he put in briekiy- " A oard will in sure aooaraoy." Then he explained that be was a oanvaeser for a directory, "Your oard, air? Thank yon," he said. "The name aboil be inserted. May I 'take yonr order for a oopy?" 44 No," I replied brusquely, " Is that all you want !" 41 Ail this morning, thank you," he airily answered. He was not one whit abashed by my man ner or eorutiny. 44 Then good-morning." I held the door open, and only nbnt it wlion he had fairly turned the oorner. I em - a eby man, and his coolness had staggered me. But it I bad not seen him, when my back waa turned, as be supposed, in the act at examining my letter-box — not the look ot the door, or the bolts or obain, but. the letter-box of all thinga— I was a Dutch man. What could the man want with my letter-box > I began, though I would not have confesBed to the feeling for tbe world, to dielike the atilluesa and gloom of the bouse. It was natural that auoh quarters Should seem quiet iD comparison with my old lodgings ; but this alone did not aoeount far my uneasiness, whioh grew eo marked that the striking of a olook startled me, and a ray ot sunlight shooting athwart tbe dim ness of tbe room made me jump. No, I caught the infeotion from Gait. Ho Waa a tall, tnoon-faotd man, ordinarily ; tbe model ol a line and rule servant, sober and steady, and not too intelligent. _ But he hud a queer habit of going stealthily about the bouee, and though I did not mind this mnoh, I did objeot to another triok he bad of glanc ing over hie shoulders as be waited at table, While hit) face would put on at these timoa an Unpleasant liatening expression, More than once I earns upon him standing still in the hall liatening. And if I went into the oon- enlting room tawater the feme, he was sure to be at my elbow tbe next minute, listening again, I daresay, But this was not all. One night something happened, whioh gave me real ground tor uneasiness. I bad gone to bed early, but I eonld not sleep, end while I was lying awake, I thought I heard a oautiouu footstep on the etairs. At my door it paused— if it wae a footstep— for I oould only hear the areaking of a board at intervals ; then it seemed to go """All fanoy I" I said to myself, and turned Over. " All fanoy I" Bat I was not quite satisfied, and presently With a bard word for my folly, jumped op, and in my pyjamas, just as I was, went oat on tbe landing. I oould hear nothing. I erept soltiy down the Btoire in the dark. All WBBetUl. Thetiokiog ol the eight-day olook and the oooaeional grating of a window as the breeze roee or felt wore tbe only aonnde inside tbe houeo. Outside a oab rumbled by. I resohed the foot of tbe etairs, and, satisfied now that I had deoeivodmyeelf, was turning to go baok, when' my movement brought tbe keyhole of the consulting-room door nuder my eye. A thin boam ol light shot from it Into tbe darkness oltho hall. Well, I hesitated ; perhaps whilo the olook above tioked a dozen timce. I considered the position. Bomeono might have oareleiely telt a light burning iu thai rouuj. Only the room was not in uoo. And then what ot the tepe on tbo stairs? On tho other band, there might be a burglar inuido. And then had I not better caramon the police ? But appose I did this, and lo I a more lighted eandle ? That would bo a humiliation in deed. I feared the burglar, but ridioulo mora. Stepping forward, I flung open the door and stood on my guard. Tor a eeoond or two I was dazzled by tbe light, though it prooeeded only from a single eandle on tbe mantel. No one moved in the room. No one wee to be seen. I stepped cautiously in with a smile on my face, and —and jumped, 1 daresay, a couple of feet aside, 11 Why, Gait I" I oried the next minute, teeing that it really was the servant who, alone and half-dressed, was standing by the window. " "What are you doing here ? What are yon doing np at this time of nlghti" I cried imperatively. He 'did not answer. He was trembling violently. I had given him a groat ohook, that wae olear. He passed one hand aoross hie brow in n stupid way. In the other ho held the gardon nyrlngo I have mentioned. 1 thought 1 grasped the position, 44 1 will tell yoa what it ia I" I said, taking up the oandle, and holding it eo that its light fell upou hie dazed faaa and distended eyee, 44 1 will tell you what it is, my man 1 You have boon walking in your sleep I" He shaded his eyea with his band and uaitly tarned from mo, "I am afraid I have, sir," he mattered bbjeotly. He wee still foioed to steady himself by resting one hand on the table, I took the syringe from him. " I suppose that this ia not tbo first time >ou hevo done it 1 eaid querulously, i 'L't have a servant who walked in hie sleep, It w-9 too provokiag. ' 44 Hoi eir," be answered, hie teeth ohatter. ,lng with the fright or tho cold. "I need lo do it when I waa a boy. But I thought I had Urown out of it yctre ago." .... „ ' I hope that you will crow ont of it now," 1 replied merely. " Them, get to bed, find for goodness' aaka stay there it you ' Yea. air," hs eaia humbly, " I am norry ' that I disturbed yon, lit." I mfcta % rign lo hltn to go fitel As I followed I gUnooii round tue room at tho trang medley that oovered table and ym»ntelflieee and overflowed on to chain) and) braokete. On a shelf above the fireplace was a mummy's head with horrible glass eyoB that seemed to be winking at ' me, and in bottles below it wore preparations whioh Todd bad been using to llluatrate hie physiological lectures at Bartholomew's. " Ugh !" I exolaimed, dosing tbe door with a shudder, I eoon fell asleep when I got baok to bed. But onoe at least I awoke with a start and eat np, in tho belief that someone was again moving nbont tba house. Noxt day I had a bad nervona headaohe, and was ae irritable as eonld bo ; so that when Gait as usual erept opou me while I wae watering the feme, I lost my patience with him and turned sharply. - 44 Well?" I exolaimed. " I oame to eee if yon wasted anything, eir." Wanted anything, indeed I 44 No, nothing I" I retorted. 44 And I think, Gait, that yon would bo far more nsefully employed, if inetoad ot following mo about the Ldubo you were to olean the windows. The one in the dining-room is in a disgrace ful state, considering that there are three eorvants in the bouee and only one master." "Very well, eir." be answered respect fully. Ho was not at all pot out. And I, who am eby in my dealinga with Servants, and :restcrday would not have dreamed of so re buking him felt a glow of pride in my moral eourage. 44 1 will see to it, sir," he said ; 11 bnt Dootor Todd usnally allowed mo to have a man to olean tbs outside." 44 Then got a man, Do it in the asaal way. That 1b all I want," I answered. He aBBented again, adding something, however, abont the cliflieulty of finding a man to help. I had thie in my mind five minutes later, when a man aooosted me as I crossed Bond street on my way to obambers. 44 Will yonr honor give me a job of work?" he said. J tooked at him. He was not tearful aa beggars are. On the oontrary, there waa a merry twinkle in hie sly Irish eyes. 44 A job of work ?"'I answered, glancing at my slim umbrella and varnished boot. 11 Do I look ae if I had jobs of work to give away ?" 44 Your bonor looks ae it you would give them away if yon bad," he answered with readv wit. I laughed. 44 Can yon elean windows t" X asked. 44 Olean all yonr windws, sir, tot a shil ling!" he rapped out. " Then you wonld have a bad bargain," I replied, thinking with pride ol my five 'floors and basement. 41 Here I yoa may take thie to 190 Grosvenor street." I pencilled a few worde on a eard request ing Gait to let the hearer olean the lower windows, and to pay him a shilling when he bad done. For Borne reason, I do not now remember why, I went home from ohambers early that afternoon, 1 hacLyoarcely taken tbe Utah- key from the door before I learned that there was a quarrel going forward. Gait was standing at the consulting room door, bis baok to it. In front of him was my shabby irishman, gesticulating wildly, and talking at the top of his voice. As I wiped my feet on the mat, Gait out him short. 44 You do not go into this room," he said ; 44 that is enough for you I" 44 Aud why not, my honey ?" the Irishman was beginning. 44 Sure, and bis bonor was saying that I was to olean the windows, every blessed one ol them." 44 He said nothing of the kind," I inter, posed sternly, as I came forward, 44 1 did not say that you were to eome into the hones at all. I eaid that you were to olean the outside ol tbe windows, How is this, Gait?" Tho servant mattered something, 44 1 expect him to do his work. Now, as yon have let thie man clean the other win dows, be may ae well finish tbe job by doing this room ./ Yoa oan atay with him. , Open the door." But Gait did not stir; Ha looked at me sullenly. 44 DjotorTodd is particular abont admitting strangers to thiB room, sir," he said, in a tone that matobed bis faoo. 44 And to the house, I have no donbt I" I returned, throwing open the door myaelf. " Stay I added, alter glanoing round. "Close the inner window over the ierne, That ia better. Now he oan do no dam age." I saw this arrangement oarried ont before I left them. Then I went into tbe front room to write a letter, but waa presently roueed by the repetition of a loud knook. Gall, I knew, mast be able to hear it as well aa I could myself. I strode into the ball. 14 Do you not hear that someone is at the door t" I eaid onrtly. He did not move. Instead, be pointed silently to the window oieanor, who was hard at work. "Nonsense)" I exolaimed. 44 Go to the door at onoe." Still a moment's hesitation, and he went. The parson at the door kept him some time. Afterward I needed aoal in the front room and a oup of lea. Hie samples had arisen rather late in the day I thought, and I took a atisobievonn pleasure in keeping him from hie post. But what did it all mean ? What, indeed? I did not connect, aa yet, the man who had been oo inquisitive about the letter-box witb Gait. Tbe letter's oonduot by itaelt was enough to pnazle me. His sleep-walking and stealthy ways, his nervousness, and his Btrange obatinaoy abont the oonaulting room, gave Boops for wild conjectures, and csrteinly filled me witb distrust of him, ee well as a eeoret prejudice against the bouee. At breakfast next morning I was more etruok than beforo by tho nervone manner in whioh be oontinually started and glanood be- -hind him. 41 What is it that you are afraid ot, G&li; ?" I said suddenly, thinking to take him by BarpriBe. Then, as he did not answer, " Is it burglars?" I asked, tho soone with the Irish men in my mind. "Burglars, sir?" " Yea. Mind what you ure doing with the kidoeya 1" I eaid sharply. 44 1 thought that the burglary oIobo by in Bond street, at that jeweller's, might have frightened you, Man alive I -there is nothing here to tempt that gang." ' i hops not, sir," he replied hnskiiy. I put down my knife and fork and looked atbim. "Really, Gall, f do not think that you are well," I remarked, in a more kindly tone. 44 Wo want Dootor Todd baok already." He began to tell me that bo had not been himself of late, when ho etoppod spooking, and with a low oxolomation staggered baok from the table. Tbe plate he waa holding fell, and wae shattered on tho arm ot my ohoir. The gravy ran over my sleove. I jumped up in a rage. " Wbat on earth is the matter with you ?" I exolaimed, very much Inoliued to take him and shake him. "I saw a— a faoo at the window," ho gasped. His own face was white. Hie lips trembled eo that ho oould aoaroel; frame his wordB. A face at tho window I I had been sitting at a round table oloeo to tho window, and when I rose 1 bad dono oo with my bnok to the light. Now, I tarned swiftly round, fol lowing the direotion of his eyes, Looking past mo, they wore fixed on a oornor of the window. Bat tbero waa no faoo to bo aeen. Gait woe wiping hiu brow with hie handkor- abiof. 41 Have you boon drinking?" I naked. 44 No, eir." Thera was no indignation in bio answ-.-.f. 44 Umph 1 I am aurprieod to hear it," I oald. " For shame, men I pluok up a epirit. Now go downBtalrs and oompoee yourself. You oan toll Caroline to bring me up another plate." , When the plate had been brought I re- oumed my breakfast. Eeolly Gait was be coming unbearable. Was ha going out of his mind f Or was it merely that something had unstrung his nerves? A man must bs pretty for gono — farther, I thought, than could be comfortable for bin neighbors— be fore ha could oonjure up faces in broad day light, and— What waa that ? I was ont at my ahair iu tbe fifth of a second, for with tho tail ot my eye, ae I reached across tbe tnble for the Bait, I had Been a face at my elbow — a face glned to tho pane, and such a one I A faoo. white, bloodless, with no forehead, a long upper lip, and flanked by huge oars I A greedy face, with dull eyes, that glared in upon mo. I was not frightened, bus 1 waa startled. The (ace was unexpeatod, and it was horribly oleao to me. It was no wonder thai i sprang up as I did. Yet the thing wae hardly seen — I had barely turned my full gaze upon it — beforo it wae gone. 44 The impudent saoundrel I" 1 oried, when my first surprise was over. " I will soon put a stop to that I" I ran to tbe front door, and opening it, looked into the etroot. N6ar at hand there was no one. In the distance two or three broughams were waiting, a batohor's oartwas rattling oh', half a dozen people wcra Roing this way or that. But no one was by the win dow. Y'et this did not greatly astoniob me. The houses in Groovonor street have project ing portiooea whioh wonld hide a fugitive, though hie pursuers were but a few yards dis tant. My firat impulse was to go np tbe stroet, hatUse as I was, and hunt him out. But after all he had done no harm, and I con tented myaelf with vowing vengeanae if he should repent his inaolenoe, and went back to my breakfast. Though I oould still laugh at tbe serious -way in which Gait had taken it, I did not return to my old seal. I removed my plato eo that I might faoo the window. Bomohow the fsae haunted my memory disagreeably. It my eyee fell npon a dark oorner, a pale image of the flat features and fishy eyes shaped itself in the gloom. The furniture, too, took queer forms wbero the firelight fell upon it, and this weut so far that I felt sensibly relieved whon I was fairly outside the house. But that day being n buBy one, by the evening I had forgotten my domestic aonoerne, nnd when Caroline took of? the aovors at dinner I asked where Gall wae. Gait was not very well and had gone to his room to lie down. " I do not think that be has been well (or soma time," I remarked. " "No, eir," Baid Caroline, solemnly. She shook her head, ae if abe could folly aooonnt for it, " What do you think ia the matter ?" I was aonatrained to ask. 44 Well, air, we think it is the smell ot the doctor's stuff," "On, indeed," I answered, muoh tickled. "But you are not ill?" "No, eir. But you tee, Gait— he is more in ths dootor's room. He has been in there a good bit lately, and hs is not like the same man." 44 That reminds me of something," I said. "I left my little silver matoh-box on tbe aornor ol tbe table in that room this morn ing. Will you fetob it for me before 1 forget it, Caroline ?" While the was about my errand, I, think- ing over what she had said, began to see a oonneotlon between Gait's oddity, or illness, or whatever it wag, and the consulting- room. I saw a olear oonneotion. Still there could not be anything in what the servant eaid. Dootor's stuff 1 That was abeurd, And it was still more absurd to suppose, though I disliked the ruom myself, that there oauld be any malign influence about it. That was rubbish indeed, yet — A shrill soraam, and the violent oloaing ol a door, out short my reasoning. I ran out into the ball. The girl waa leaning against the wall under the lamp, her hand presaod to her aide, her breath coming in gasps. Sho was on ths verge of fainting, Luckily her ary had reached other ears, and the aook oame flying from below, while on an upper landing, I, looking about for any aanBS of fear, oaught a glimpse ot Gait's pale face peering down at us, 14 Goodness, Caroline ! what is the matter now ?" I asked roughly, I waa getting very tired of these exoursiona and alarms, and was finding it more and more hard not to start and glanoa behind me, aa Gait did, 44 1 saw a faaa — a face," she Bobbed. 41 At tbe window?" I asked eagerly. " No, eir. Over— over the mantelshelf." II The mummy's head. Why, you see that every day!" I oried. 44 Thera moat have been something else beaide that to frighten you?" 14 There — thera wae something else," Caro line Rasped. "Lor' a meroyl'4 exolaimed the aook, looking behind her and then at me to see chat 1 was not leaving ihenu. 44 Whet alee ? What else 1 What else did yon see?" I repeated impatiently. Bat, end it wae provoking onough to make a saint swear and return violently to biB dinner, Caroline would not say. No, tbongb I asked her again and again, and in the main Bhe was a stout and sensible girl. She had seen something t ies beside the head, and that wae all Bhe would tell us. I conducted in tbe end that ehe waa embroidering the matter, and that all sho bad seen wee tbe mummy's head, upon whioh, perhaps, the light passing through the open door might have fallen with a new effect, I went baok to my dinner ; bnt first I took the lamp and thoroughly aeorohed the oon- auliing.room. O? course 1 found nothing, or nothing thai should not have baen thore. The mummy's fnoe smirked npon me un changed, save that s looked a Utile more dirty. The preparations in their bottlos bo- low it were untonohed, nud in the midst of them the board on whioh the dootor pinnod his oordi of invitation stood as fashionably untidy as ever. It, too, would have been the better, where it vras not hiddon by 41 fixtures, " for a little soap and water. - There was nothing new in the room ; no thing bad been removed or altered. Yet I Bcsrohed under the tabio and in the cup boards. I oould not gat tbe faco I bad Been at tbe window ont of my mind. Tbe very features sf the parchment mask above me put on a grotesque likeness to it. But by this time I was in a condition to imagine any thing. Auythingf No, not quite anything. For Barely that ory was not fanoy, oould not bo fanoy. That short, quick soroam, whioh oame shooting np tbo stoiroaso late that night, and pierced my oars, eo that I droppod the extinguisher and enetohod up tho oandle. atiok I That was not fanoy. It woe real, ae real as the white, startled face I saw peering iuto the looUino-glaee a momont later. "Hang it all I" I muttered haeiily, "I cannot stand this, I ehall be seeing a ghost next. Ia thohouoo bowitahed ?" I ran down the stairs, listening as I went. There was ailenoo abovo and bolow. I 4esobed tbo iowost flight and halted abruptly. From there I oonld boo tho hall, and raising my eandleabavo my head poorod downward. Ah I what was it? Who was it? Stop by step I caino down nntll I touched a prostrate form. Then I cot the oandlo on the stairs, and otoopod over it. Thank Heaven, thorp waa no blood I It wos Gait, and ho wae alive. With an effort I turned him over, re coiling an instant aa a olaop-kuifo rolled from hia hand. I pioked it up, and ho eighod. Ho had merely laintod, then, and puBhingthomat under hia head 1 rose to my feet, my firat fours relieved. I looked round. I'ku dining-room uoor wan wide open, that of tho oonsulting-room was ajar. Without taking up tbo oandle, with scarce a moment'o thought, 1 flung tho latter opon and stood on tbo threshold look ing io, I bold my breath and ohiverad, I aantcso.for I saw what bo had noon and Caro line bed eoon I bat overcoming tho firet nervous deoiro to ary out or flee, I stood looking the thing in tho loos until all fear was gono. Truly in tho faoo— fur it waa a faoo I saw— a lumiuouo death's head. Eyes, mouth, and nostrils wore black caverns in a pals lambent mask. It waa grim enough, Bnt taking into nooount its position over the fireplaoo, a moment's refleolion satisfied me that Bomeono had trickled ont the poor mummy'e head with luminous paint, and then had written bolow it on the fixtures board, in letters rough, but cloar, "Thief 1" fhicf I I understand the word, thoeome- thing else whioh Carolina had Boon ; but who had written it, or why? Yet it clearly be- hoved me to find out. In tho mok, and also at tho junotion of tho steol and haft, were some fragments of a thing almost aa atrauge in that liousa— dry earth. Wo had no garden at One Huudrcd and Ninety, except tho win dow gardon at myolbow; and why should Gait havo boon digging in the hnlf-bmrowful of earth which it held, and digging, or about to dig, thore at midnight? Why, indeed 1' brought the candles elose to tbo window, and scanned tho eurfaoo of ths Boanty soil whioh made up our solo gardon ground. Surely 1 was on tho traak, for an putting oeide fair sized feme I saw that the handful of earth against tho base of the biggest stono bad been lately moved and watered. With the knife I dug out tbo damp mould. 1 wos not a bit surprised to find that a tiny cavern in or under the etono became visible. I thrust in my hand, and feeling a handful of hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out, How I started at sight of them I Hon they flashed and glittered in the pals rays of the oandle I 'i'taoy waro diamonds — a neck- laoe, pendant and braaolsts. They wore in their nettings, when the sound of - heavy breathing behind mo warned mo to turn. Our eyea met, Gall'e and mine. " Thief 1" I said. 44 Give them to me 1" he muttered doggedly, Etretobing out his hand. " Nothing of tho kind," I answered. I still held hie knife, and there was a moment when I felt glad I had it. The man was- a coward, but a coward in a oorner it an awk ward thing. I had the knife, however, and did not quail, "Nothing of the kind, you thief I" 1 thundered. " I shall be more likely to give you to the polios unices yon tell mo thie momont tbo whole truth," A knock oame to the door. "You will not go," be muttered, "Most aertsinly I shall," I returned; and passing through the ball opened tho door. A man stepped quiakly in and removed his hat, He wbb the man who called to oanvao for the direotory. "You are Mr. Williams?" he eaid with a steady look at me. 44 1 am eorry to drop in si a queer hour, but huoiness is business, and mine is unpleasant." "Perhaps yoa will explain what it is," I replied. I had an uneaBy presentiment ol the truth ; and surely enough he answered : t 44 1 am a detective, Mr Williams. You have tho proaeede of a jewel robbery hore, and it is my duty to warn you that everything you say will be given asevidenoe BgaioBt you." " That 1 say I" I oried. 44 Against mo I Me? You are forgetting yourself, man?" Good heavens this was too abeurd 1 And yet— and yet my right hand bidden in my poaket was olasping the jewels — was full of tbe stolen property I No wonder that I grew hot all over 1 " Better take it easy, sir. I have not been looking io at that window yonder a dozen timoa a day (or nothing. When I saw that Jim'b plant— Jim ia my pal, who did that bit of painting inside there, and Bearsbed tbe room too when he was cleaning the window — when 1 saw you eome down with a light, and your man all of a heap npon the floor, I thought it a good time to drop in. And now, if you will hand over tbo Btonoa oomtortably and quietly, why it is likely that it will be better for both of you," A groan proceeding from lbs open door of tbe oonaulting room proved that Gait wae litening. For myself, anger and perplexity, drew mo aeundor. I met ehe doteotive'e oun." ning eyes, and olonobed my flet. I felt the jewels between my fingers, and turned siok with terror. 44 Is the servant in there ?" asked the man pointing over hie shoulder. I nodded assent. He made a sign that I should go in first; and I obeyed, though tbe ' blood flew to my faoe, and I felt ae if the prison warder's hand already oast ita ehadows upoil me. Gait etlll sat huddled up in his ohoir, and as I took my plaoe beeide him the deteotive eyed na both witb a eantempt he did not try to oonoeal. "A pretty pair yon are I The idea ofsuob ae you trying on this game 1 Vliy, it iB enough to make a dog laugh I" And laugh he did. How I hated him for hie vulgar triumph 1 "Look here," I said; 44 you. will behave yourself properly while you ere in my bouee, my man. Yoa know as well as I do that I am no thiei." " You have got the plunder," he eaid, be- ........ 1_ ( i a na vinp v.nn« UUUJIUg Mgwau. j wu mmU jumb acoomplioe have it bidden away somewhere for the past fortnight. It will be for you and him tossy how it wob eome by." Gait looked up, the picture of wrotohed- dobs. 14 1 found it in tbo letter-box one morning," he mnttored, 44 Tho robbery in bond street was in tho papers the same morning." The detective noddsd sagely. 14 1 thought ao," he answered. 44 The burg. Iara woro chased. One was taken a few yarda from here. Wo found nothing upon him, but he owned up that be had dropped some of the plunder through the letter elit oi a bouio a few doors away. I spotted thie house. And now it will bo only a question ol receiving goods knowing them to hnve been stolon. I daresay that if tho things are restored at onoe that no obarge will bo n»»de." " Hore iB the jewellery," I replied hastily. " I only discovered ita prasenoe in the houBB n few minutes ago. "And your servant ?" be aeked, as he snatohed at tbe jewels. The beads of perspiration were standing on Gait's brow. He had beon an honeet man before the disoovery ot that mass of bfll- liants in the letter-box bad aorrunted him, 4< I am quite cure he will tell the truth," 1 said. " 1 will answer for his appear&noo.; Do you not think you oould manage mat ters ?" 44 1 think I oonld," he anewored slowly. 41 1 think I oould square it, and do no wrong to anyone — for a consideration, eir." I mode a bargain witb tho ofiioer. He wae to have twenty pounds, and to let it be in ferred that Gait voluntarily same to him with tho stolon property. 41 Wait for me in the hall," I eaid, taking a oandle Irom tbo table ; 44 1 must fetch the money from my bedroom." Gait and tho deteotive were standing to gether in the ball, looking at one another ae ill-tempered dogs look. 44 Hore ia your money," I eaid. 41 Now be careful that you fulfil your part of tbo bar gain." Ho put tho notoB in his pookot. " You will hoot no more ol lt,".hs Baid, emphatioaily. Gait mattered bia gratitude, while I put a ttop to his effusive thankfulness. - 44 Go to bed," I said, brusquely, 44 and do not feel too sure that he will keop his word." But our midnight vieitor did keep to tbo letter. Wo havo not elnoe beard of him, or ot the jewels. As day after day passed, and still no paragraph appeared in ths nowe papers, no uuminouB arrived in Grosvenor street, tho truth bsgan io dawn upon me. I made cautious inquiries iu Sootland Yard, and learned that two man had been convicted oi the robbery, but ths diamonds had never boon found, and tneiz disappearance have bo- oomo a standing royBtory. " Those are more ol tho gang nbont," Baid the inapeotor. 41 Wo havo our eyes upon two Irishmen, bat wo oan prove nothing ; and we cannot see how tho men who were in it could havo paasod the plunder to thorn." I can eco very well how it wos dono — very well, sad how any lltilo oxporisoa attending tbe process were paid; but 1 am shy and uervouB, I blush, it is true, as I pass a cer tain goldsmith's shop in Bond street, but 1 keep mg ows counsel. So does Gaits 