G. A.M. and P. Society's Show. Second Notice, The thirteenth annual exhibition of the above Society, was continued on Thursday, the gathering again being large, although the showery weather undoubtedly prevented many people from attending, and marred thorough enjoyment of the outside events. The show building was well filled at all times by persons inspect- ing the various exhibits, but the contested events attracted, as usual, the most atten- tion. The Oddfellows' Band was in at- tendance, and during the intervals between the events treated the visitors to various selections of music. The Exhibits. The exhibits, as previously notified, compared very favourably with those of previous years, in regard to quality and in many instances excelled in quality. On entering the building the visitor was brought face to face with the case of specimens shown by the Phoenix Golden Pile company, which, although good samples of stone, did not by any means convey to the stranger an adequate idea of our mineral wealth. It has always been a sub- ject for comment that our principal industry is the most poorly represented at the Show, and had it not been for the efforts put forth by one or two members of the coinmittee it was quite on the cards that no golden stone would have been on view. This is a crying disgrace to the community, for several lots of good specimen stone could have been exhibited with little trouble, which would not only have added to the attractions of the show, but also gratified the desire of numerous visitors who expected to see a display of some of our auriferous deposits. Turning to the right on a tour round the building, the visitor saw some excellent samples of ham and bacon (some not for competition) shown by Messrs. Bailey and Jones, of Brisbane road, and also some shown by Mr. J. O. Bonney, of Belli Park. Mr. Beresford also showed an arrangement of small goods. The next exhibit was that of Mr. J. W. Squire, of the Busy Bee, whose display of all kinds of boots and shoes made of plain, patent, and fancy leather should be sufficient to con- vince the most sceptical that there is no necessity to import the manu- factured article. Then there was Mr. J. M. Soblusky's artistic table, mentioned in our previous notice, and which had a con stant circle of admirers, and the same may be said of the useful fretwork machine worked by Mr. J. Foster, who has proved himself to be a mechanic of no mean order. Mr. G. Mingonie had on view a neatly arranged lot of the RusseII electric appliances, including belts, teeth- ing necklets, and an induction coil of his own make. Mr. E. F. Linde was as usual, to the fore with a supply of cigars, che- roots, and other things in the tobacco line, all made by himself from leaf grown in Brisbane and the vicinity. There was only one exhibit of skins. Mr. A. McKen- zie showed a very neat model of a plough, and S. Router, junr., a set of mining tools, displaying good workmanship. Mr. J . French (Maryborough) had a collection of racing plates, but the palm for farrier's work must certainly be awarded to the Messrs. Am- brose, whose collection of horse shoes and plates (17 sots in all) showed not only first-class manufacture but also that some time and work had been spent in ar- ranging them. Mr. Taylor, of Maryborough, had on view some wire mattresses and folding camp stretchers with wire mat- tresses attached, of his own make, which showed that those articles can be made equally as well in this district as elsewhere. The folding stretches were neat and com- pact and should become very popular. The Gympie Tannery Company proved by their exhibits that in some branches, at least, of their trade they can hold their own against either the metropolitan or imported article. Their collection in- cluded all sorts of harness from buggy to spring cart, collars, saddles etc. In the, latter line, their variety included buck- jumping and seamless seat saddles, the last mentioned showing roal good work manship. In this dopartmont Mr. Uhl, of Brisbane, had also a fair show of various artiolos, of good material and woll- finishod. Messrs. Popp und Ainmenhnusor oabinot miikbrs ota., bxhibitod a inusio portfolio/ and an- obsoi, !bo|h.,ornamontod by hand Planting, 'if iriusib raok,' 'flowor-pot stands, and ottoman and oommodo, all inado.from Quoonsland tiinbor. Those woro all of good* -'quality -.and;} reproved , that ...time; nncb' labpV jiad|boon' qxpoiided to burn out a neat article'. Along- sido these artiolos was a ohofl'iotior and bookcase mado from , timber, huts, and berries out of tliesorub.lt was the ilmudiwqrkvof ,Mr. G. Thorn,, of nnd; ' 4951 .;;pieeos; of X'jvoijd' wore used in tho manufacture. Tho work lookod woll and is oortainly ari'6vidonoo that I thbl hiivkbtt po'ssbssbs b ii'tti'o.-ptock of pationoo and perseverance. - A podar, book-, caso and choliionor, was also, oxhibited by J. T. Holmes, a native 'of Gynipio wlio' has roeontly completed his apprehtieoship,' and its oxoollent Workrnivn'ship doservedly' gainedfor it-, a first prize; There WaB only .one exhibit ofifi'obwork-7rMi'.,II.jSalti'ick'sT-:bub it was.. a;- very .fair production. A vory iiiitjcbableoxhibit was that pf Mr. J. W. O. . Swain's ' saiiiplo of dyoing| ; at' ' tlio first ' glance' this appeared' to b'o 'on old coat earo lossly loft by oue of tlio .workmen, but on examination' 'it ' was soon thait it was there/ fiiri air object,' and a peculiiir looking object' it whs, witii ono sidola; very crusty! looking brown, obtained by long oxposuro to tho rays! of tho bum,''' and/ tho 'other a jofc' bla'pk;,: having boon secured by tlio dyoing process. jiitogeinor it was a vory goou auvoriaso rinont and caused ntuehioommont. —An oxaminntion-'of tho entries nnd work .of suotion XVI— juveuilp . industries— re voale'd tlio faot that) 'more entries woro roV 'coivbd frond girls 'tha'ii froin boys (ovoii if needlework entries woro not taken into account), aiid'-as 'til general rule tho girls' work was bettor than that of tho boys. iPraotioally, no boys ontered for either, song- or recitation, and very few for tho, -other . classes' in presence of jndgoa— writing, ..for, hoys only, ^.tempting','1 bub' '.twenty competitors in tho throe classes. -Some i of tho 'work done in prosenob of judges -was vory nice, but fronvsomo cause or otlior tho writing was far too ofton wrongly transcribed ovon when well writ^ ton ; tlio sums woro wrongly worked, and iiu 1 many S'bivsos vory carolossly' pulldown, and tho composition, otc., was full- of errors. In illustration, tho I following! is taken at random from tlio papers pur porting ' to givo answers to ten questions on Hanilot. Question 4 -What was the nature ? of tho ghost's *' communication to ' Hamlot 1 Answers (taking tho different exhibits) — 1. He told Hamlet how and by whom his father was murdered and that ho (Hamlot) must revenge it. 2. Ho could nob sleep in', liis gravo until his father's murdor was : revenged. 3., Hamlet pro tonded to bo niad. , 4. Hamlot wont to watch with tlio wotchmon ; and a lot of other. answors as far from tho point as tlio last two. In composition it was surprising to find a colonial spelling opossum 'oppossum,' and describing it as an animal ? ' that has not got any tail.' Out of five competitions in sums, with; a largo number of entries in each, only two or throo-individuals had all tlio sums right.' Strango to say many of tlio boys' oiibrts at writing in presence of judges (especially1 classes 18 and 30) would have passed for girls' writing and, to keep tho balance true, some of tho work of girls, (classes 19 and ? 37) wiis i remarkably. liko boys' work. Tlio problem was too muoh for ; nearly all those' undor 11 .who attempted sums in presenco of judges. Verso competition drow only ono com petitor who succoodod in obtaining a first. Of . tho work dono at ^lomo the oxercises , stand liighi in -the scale ' of merit. -The' exhibits aro numorous and porhnps nono - could bo cast asid,o.as. being out, of tlm, race, without a deal 'of ' consideration;' 'J ho priutiug.(plaiii and ornaiuental), illumiua tiou, and maps dosorve special mention this/year. Coming , to the . plain and fancy, noudlo ' work* wo aro ploasod to stato that- compo tont authorities say that thoro has novel' been a better display on Gyiupio. , Tho ontrios woro numorous and tho work' woll dono, and, as tho ,11st showed, tho. prizes, b.itli first and soaond, wore well distributed;' proving that thoro aro many olliciont uoodlowouiun growing up around us. St Patrick's Convont school alSo 'showed a collection of drawings in crayon, and plain and fancy- needlework (apparently - not for. competition)- which received a good deal of 'attention and was pionounced vory good, tho work rebooting credit both on tho teachei'H and pupils. It was, however, ; a pity tlio work-was not put in for 'competition, so that tho various articles could havo been judged along with tho rest. The pupils of tlio School of Arts freehand drawing and water color .painting classes exhibited' li nice collection of their work, (not for competition),' wliioh sliowed that they havo not by any means been idle iitvil i*i\flnnt-nri f.lin irran frnuf ncnrlih /»ti l-.linin teacher, Mr. E. Govott. Tho oxhibitors in water colors woro tho Missos E. and V. Booth, F. Danicll, arid J. Scott, and in pon'oil and crayon drawings tho Misses. Dodson, McFio, J. SooLt, V. ; and E. Booth,' Dora Carey, and .Masters O. Harding, Prongor, and Daniel Caroy. Mr. Govott showod an excellent specimen of his handi work in tho shapo .of a painting on silk of a peacock, which was the subject of much admiration.' Miss Cochrane wan, as usual, remarkably in ovidonoo with lior specimons of crayon drawing. Mr. A. Bevan liad on viow a fitio ' odlloctioii of poitraits/Taud soapo scenes, and other works of phuto ri'imliif* iivh. TVTi«. P. PhIiIroii linrl ilIkh umnn first-class spooimons of tho siimo work, but thoy wero not for competition. ' In this section. 'also may bo noted a, somewhat remarkable exhibit in the shapo. of some miniaturo roprosentatioris of birds in a frame, dono in the year 1815 by the mother: of Mr. J. ,\V. Hiliooat of this district. The horticultural section has been im proving with each show, and this' year tho exhibits aro notably the boat, both as re cards quality andiiuaiuity, Mr. A. J. Av ui'B fully muiutniiiud his good reputation us a llorist, and liis oxcolluiit show of orna inontal flowers, ferns, eto., onablod him to carry oil' a goodly number of tho prizos for whioh ho competed. Mr. Edgar Jonos, .Maryborough, w«s also very sucuesBful with his exhibits. Mr.' 11. L. I'ring exhibited Home lino gladioli with whioh ho scoured , first prize. Mr. Ambrose's eolleotion of roses wiib very good, as also wore Mrs. , Cryar's show of phloxes, the oolors' in each iiistanob ' being very iitt'raotivo. Mr. Ed ward's oxliibit of orchids was well arranged and rn'iioli admired, asaltfo'was a bunch of wild llowois shown by MasLor W. L. Thureoht, which obtained first prize in its class Soveral lino pots, of musk wero shown, tho prize in this oIuhs boing won by Miss A. Woudrow. Messrs. Summorlin andH. and H. Grimloy (both of Brisbane),, had lino collections 'of all sorts of fiowors etc., not for -competition. . 'l'iiu jMuSsra. , Grimloy : especially hiul ono oft tlio. best displays of gladioli aeon in tlio distriot, One variety— tlio Badgons' struin,. -grown by Messrs. Pink and Uowan, llri.sbaue — being something- now and unique. Mra. E. jBytho.wuy'e display of fuHcliias (uric for computitiou), was better than any soon at previous bIiowb, tho plants being woll grown and the blooms of. first-class quality. Thoro were two .collections of natural history objocl s, and that of Master Thureoht (of tho Ohutsworth), obtained first prizo. fruit Bastion was a lamentable fuiluro this yoar tho only class roprosontod boing strawborrios. Thoro woro two oxhibi to.'s, both with borrioB of good sizo and quality, and first prizo wiib awarded for Mr. Flay's eolleotion, that of Mossrs. Pilco Brothors of Woolooga boing oommendod. Thoro was a fairly good display of veget ables and Mr. J. Graingor had again an excellent oollootion embracing tlio majority of tho vogotablos used in the culinary art. Mr. II.: Fittoll h{id also somo very good speoimonB/qf beans, peas, turnips, kohlrabi, cabbage and lottuco. Tho prizes . for ohillios and enpsioums wore won by Mr. A. J . Ayers, whoso exhibits woro woll grown and prosontud a healthy appoaranoo. i The; shotv 'of farhi and dairy produce was fairly good, but tho competition in tlio various olauscs was poor. .Mr. Nahrung secured' tho '.prizes If or hay, both oaten and luoovno/and ohaff, as woll as being, awardod a prizo for his solitary exhibition of iriftizo, whioh wob of good 'quality./ Tho lii'sP prizo for English potatoes was won again ? this yoar by Mr. Fittoll; und that for sweot.by Mr. T. O'Brion. ThorO was only .ono exhibit of. sugar oano whioh waB liow evora fair.spepimqu of this product. Somo first cliiss simipleB of. butter wero shown and Mrs. ' '1'./ Ad'dy was awardod pride of plaoo in this' class.- Mrs', i^ohiicht obtained first prize tor her exhibit of ohooso, which was of oxoelle'nt' quality. Mr. W.: Scott Bhowetl sorno - Tempting pressed corned' t'orlgue, thb exhibit- sliowitig that lie' was. well 'up in' his business. Something of a novelty for a GJrmpig sho,w was Mr.', TVi-Bd wards', siiriiplo of wool, for which ho was highly coni l'ricndod. j . ; . In the -District Manufactures section some nico looking broad arid- seonos woro shown. The first prizo^for three loaves of liomo-made bread was awarded -tto . Miss Abdy ; thoro was 'a bottor oxhibit in tho opinion of tho judges, but tho exhibitor : not. having Bpeoifiod tho flour from' whioh it was mado she was dis qualified. ! Messrs. j-Piko. . Bros.:'' showed somo nicely proserved strawborrios and also some jam made from this fruit. Tlio Gytiv pio Browing and Ico Company had it all to themselves in tho liquor line, and tho barrel on tap was1 frequently sampled. Tho exhibits of livestock were disap pointing as regards quantity, but some really oxoollont spooimons woro shown in several of the, .olassoa. Mr. J. Macfar ilano'si' Moorlka'.'w'ftsi again ? awardb'd; first prizo for blood stallion, beating Mr. W; ' T. .Chippindall's haridsome horse Whito noso. iVIr. G. J. Lowisgota special prize for; his entire colt' and Mr.-VVv Rankin first prizo for his local lirod colt. Mr. Towner's pair of miires —Eileen and'Lou etto — were awarded first and second respectively in thoir section, and Mr. P. ?Tally's Lola by Phil Athol out of Lonna the,, .prizo for two year olds. Tho pony exhibits worer not very numer ous and Mr. Kent's handsome, black pony .'Satan' and Mr. Bradloyfs inaro Fidget secured first prizo in thoir respective class. Tlio quality of cattle shown was fairly good, but thoro was little' or °uo competition. Mr. D'Arcy's Jersoys lookod woll, and oortainly dosorved tlio high estimate formed of them. Only ono lot of pigs .wero ',shown, thoso boing tlio property of Mr. A. J. Fisher, but they wore really fino .spcciiuons.of the Berkshire breed. . ? ; Tho ontrios in tho dogsoction wore oiily fair and tho exhibits call for no speoiaj comment. Tho fox-terriers were poorly roprosontod, but in bull-torriofs, kangaroo dogs, and Bpaniols, soma good varioties were shown. ,? , Tho poultry soction showed an improve ment on that of last yoar, although tho ontrios woro not us numerous as thoy might have boon. Tho black rod game exhibits woro tho . host over .seen on tlio field, , and , among tlio brown red ganioj there wero! somo roally good'; birds; ; Tho [two coops of Piles woro also first-olass birds, while Plymouth . Rooks and Black Spanish wore woll roprosontod. Tho white Logliorns woro fino specimens of tha i breed and would bo hard to boat anywhere. Tho brown Iiogliorna, light Brahmas, Ham? burgs (black, , gold,./ and silver), and Doriiinioks woro also vory fair. For tho first timo in tho history of tlio Sooiety a - pair, of Wyandottos wero oxhibitod, uud tlio sumo inay bo said of a brood described us Geo Dominick, a varioty importod from America. Thoro wore fourcoops of bulFOochin Chinas, and, thoir quality was so oven that tlio judges had a difficulty in deciding which should bo awarded first prizo. A pair of Jack pigeons woro shown and came in for a good deal of inspection. Thoro was a very poor show of ducks, but the Aylosburys woro fine spooimons of tho brood. One of tho most interesting exhibits in this section' was a pai'r of young otnus. Only 0110 caso of nativo birds was shown, but tho birds wore in good plumage and, ? with - tho : many diffieront varioties siiowed up well. Three little whito kittons wero also oxhibitod. Tlio muchinory and agricultural implo niouc class is seldom woll reprosentod, but this yoar iti was a greater failure than ever. Mr. A. E. Brasoh exhibited a rehiarkably line apeoimon of a two-liorao plough which was much admired by porsons iutorested in thut sort ' of implement. Tho prizo for distriot mado ' plough was awardod to Messrs. Parr Bros., who turned out a woll made artiolo. Messrs. A. and R. Ambrose exhibited somo harrows which showod oxcellont workman ship. The Massey Harris Company Limited were the only exhibitors of cultivators, cream separators, churns, and mowing machines, and in each class they had a fine specimen on view. Their con- cussion churn, which was made of Queens land beech at the works of Mr. Thomas H. Ware of North Pine, was much admired by dairymen, and several orders were booked by their representative. Messrs. Juhl and Davies were the only exhibitors in the way of vehicles and they entered a very neat and well finished four-wheeled buggy, which for style and workmanship compares well with any similar article turned out in Brisbane or any of the southern colonies. CoNTKSilBo Events. Tlio various outside events contested on .Thursday were! watohod with tho liveliest intere-it by tlio crowd of 'spectators, and atnauost the most interesting of thoso was tho -haininer and drill contost. For this tiioro wore fourentrios, and during tho time tho, competitors woro at work boring their holes thoy were surrounded by a group of oagoi' onlookers, who occasionally gave audiblo expressions to thoir feelings. Tho oonto'st was oortainly a novel ono, and to thoso not conversant with underground mining was, especially attractive. . Tho ohiimpiori ' 'hurdle oontost was also viewed, , by ,a largo number, and as. one after another of tho competitors fell out tho excitement increased. Owing to tho damp state of tlio ground, .however, the jumping was conducted .with difficulty, and.it is gratifying to be able to stato that it was got through without sorious auoidont, although ono of tho contestants oamo a oroppor. Tho novel jump proved ono of tho olo jest events of tho day, as sovortd of tlio 111011 an-.L huraos negotiated tlio jumps sdoly and oamo in without breaking an oggv 1 Two of the ..competitors- eventually divided tlio money. There w is great ox citeitient .over tlio boys' pony race, whioh was finally won in siylo by' tne littlu pony Larrikin. The Maiden Trot was won 111 an easy manner by Mr. Wollbr's Blossom, who put down tho 'cracks' in a surprising manner. In Iho Timo Trot, Mr. Fisher's Bally, woll ridden by Mr. VV. Lear, again proved his superiority over his opponents by starting from scratch and winning rather comfortably. Mnifon I'tot, twico rpuntl— JS, p, Welter's Blossom 1 ; W. Scott's Jossio 2 ; 3 othors started. Blossom at 01100 took tho load, and trotted the first round in 2 mins 46 sees, and twico round in 5 mins 40 sees, winning easily by about 20 lengths. Best Butohor's Horse — G. Sterling's Glamniro and A. J. Fisher's Sailor, equal. Champion Hurdles — J. Rodnoy's Sky lark, 5 foot. ? Pony Race— P. Rogora jr, Larrikin. Timo Trot. — A J. Fishor's Bally, sor., 1st round 3m, 2nd round 5m 25soos ; E. D. Welter's Blossom, ISsoos, 1st round 2in 57socs, 2nd round 5m 32soos ; W. Soott's JcsBie, 25socs, 1st round 2m 58socb, 2nd round 5m 38socs ; J. Call ill's Olarot, 30 3ocs, 1st round 3m 25socs. Bally, _ 1 ; Blossom, 2 ; Jossio, 3. Bally's not timo 4m 65soos. Hammer and. Drill Contest. — A. Irvine, 45m23soos, 1st; A. JonoB; 51m 17soos,2nd ; A. Voal, 56m 34secs, 3rd j J. McLood, 69m lOseos, 4th. Novel Jump. — llodnoy and Austin Groon divided tho money. PiuzE List. _ The following is a continuation of tlio list of awards : — Section VII- FARM AND DAIRY PRODUCE. Uonoy, throo bottlos -G. Kluvor 1 ; Choeso, not loss than 81bs — MrB. Sehacht 1, F. J. Gillies 2 ; Eggs, hen, 2 doz, . heaviest— Mrs. Hope 1 ; Collection small goods' -H. -Beresford I; Raw wool— T. /Edwards; highly commencted. , Section VIII— HORTICULTURE. Roses, out — W. McGhie, highly com monded ; Dianthus — A. J. Fisher, highly commendod ; Floral wreath or cross— E. and R. Grimloy 1. ' m ; ? Section XI-QUEENSLAND MANU FACTURES. ? ??, Cqllootionj of drawing room furniture — 'Popp and Amriicnhauser, special. Seoiion XIII. Embroidory maoliino— R. P. Whito I ; Fret saw machine— J. Fostor 1 ; Pair Angora goat horns— E. Ericson, highly coininondod. .1.-1, .;; ? . Artisan's PiiizEs. Gontloman's coat, oloanod and dyed — I. VV. C. Swain, highly ' commondod j Book case and chellionoor — G. Thorn 1 ; Work in motal — A. R. Ambroso 1 ; Horse shoes— J; 'Taylor 1. , 