-A. JiffilAjRJrUL 0'A33 B3303E. \- jfr lEjJiQJbilcmi.'a-craTirigo bo go home from / ,2? ttlieimcotiing of fclie Bonevolont Flannel w JBwBncirttipn,tofiwliiuliJ iua:a member, for 'ifci Wasm ipnurmgrruin, .and 010 .umbrella was of ' . 1 HnyinviiU j-Httdweihad frone jiinb about half ilmUoithrungluthe'dinninlBt) rents, when tbo aBAVur-ttiiuuuiiiy rouuivfiMvifWiiu UMUBM .VUAUUII UMjllliitlo iwinduwuu the .loof— "ti&taHnm;:" . . . . . '"(Cimiltlijinuttle urm a favour — mo and ( linnvlhuHiitaroiietlUiAdyiout l-horn:? .She wanta 1 . . munuyMSUollinrjin. (Of 'onnrao, it would bo a i . j ,.ijiipllitHhigtfor;mo,"vritli:ii)y bm family and ". EbwAwagcs, lUiitl'db wimWbu.a.oiiarlty .to har, ; ... poarlthinoonLouahA du.yi'j'bnt of nonrso, if you idbjcfit— -" < ""Oh mo, J 3ini'J> 'ohjijob," tmid X. "I . mmflHritblkcepin woman 'uub'hrsnah: storm . . Wriwnrids. -Lst.har in." "ftEhankyqj" suit! Ithohlriuar. iftnflffcqpaiiBd.tiioftBm.. , Unmiiiinstantu wnmun ihoil hurried is .and kdhanhm'tHoutiqppuiiitE m ,'EHto \wno .a .pretty woman, with a dark complexion uhu long black hair, braided ulUlly ( enough in 'two pigtails like a little < ; ribDdlj»irl,6. (Perhaps oho was 39. She 'mmoiu:mourmug gonmaborately teinimed, Ulbrodkfuat'cujro, :anil :u Ittltfe oealekin cap Blisttimifilit.oa we'll have keen a man's as a wmnaii'a. 'She irad mo gloves, no umbrella, nv iwatorpronf irilitak, and I felt Bare, aa I ludkefl:»t>Jhar,:i>hu4lhcbad been obliged to ppi idut an itbe rate tomiffl ttiednotor to a child with ithe (croup, «r .to aameaoe who had met with.aicROciidcrat, foriibe hud neetaed to for- , gi#.!hnr(uwn 'comfort. entirely. lfeilt norry fan hsras «bo wiped her poor kfctlfi <wet bends <m bar huudkershief, and . braked jpitaooBlyt at her wet dross. Bat to ' MMkHfU Hut. ui jd-eawimii m onnli . n nfitn 'IftP omnia, mrl she bad net ottered so much ns a "jtihaak yon" for my oourteqy, though die had two or three times looked straight into my face with her big block eyes. I sab in sflenoe, therefore, until at last ehe fixed along Steady gaze upon me, and said : "It is wet, uncomfortable sort of world \- ttStor'aU, isn't itt" < "Indeed, it seams so to-any," I said, with glance at tho lead- coloured sky. " And it never rainsin heaven," eaid she. VOh, no." "I hope not, I am pure," said I. " Where storms do not come," she repeated, as though making a quotation. "Of course it does not. But then," sho added quickly, "you see one stays with one's husband and children at any cost. As long as they axe in this chilly, wretchod world, one muBt wish to stay." "Indeed, yes," said I. And than, Boeing that she woe agitated, and remembering my fancy that sho was going for a doctor, I said, haphazard : " And when anyone wo love is ill, we grow gloomy, and four all sorts of things.'' / " Yes," said she. "I have a husband, the dearest follow, and two pretty children — pretty and good as a mother could wish — and bow anxious tboy wcro when I was so ill. Terribly anxious. He cried— a groat, stout man. Yes, ho cried, Of course the little ones did. And when I died—" " Whon you died ?" I repeated. "Yes, .when I died," sho said, inn louder ' tone. "When I died, 1 say, he fainted. Oh, yon think it strange that I should speak oiiayseli so. Nobody believes me ; bat it's true. 1 am not living; I am only mate rialised." I could not make any answer to this ; I mfly shrunk away into the corner of the car riage, for though I bad no idea that I was in company with a ghost, her words mado mo nervous. Wchud yet' a long way to go, though the driver was doiug his best, and what with the clatter of tho horse's hoofs, the patter of tha rain, and the usual noises in the street, I doubted if I could make my voice beard if it became nooeeaary. "Yes," the lady went on — " yes, I have a friend who is a spiritualist, and I wont to ber at once, and as soon as I appeared to her she kindly materialised me, and I want to stay so. I want to stay materialised, because, don't you see,. though it never rains tn heaven, JT must stay, with my husband and little' dues,'if loan. A They'd mtsa me to." ..,w 4i Ol. », 1 1 1 79 T f n f A «n bwm ial v.1 .1 M VU| yuu vrtuj A HI OUIUW vittun tion you surely will. Let us drive to vonr house, and as soon as your children kiss you, you will know 'that you are no loqger a spirit. Havo you told the driver where to got Shall It" Sbe put her bond upon my arm and drew me down, as I arose to endeavour to call the 'driver. "Stop," sbe said ; "as Soon as Zeroes tho threshold where my corpse is lying I shall be a horrible ghost again, and frighten them all. Don't you know that? Sit down!" ' I sat down. She kept her haiid on my urm. " Listen 1" said sho ; " afin'6 yon hear the ' rounds behind us ? Spirits coming to carry -me to heaven. I don't want to go to hoavon; but there is only one way to avoid it. Tho ipirita want a spirit to take- away, and it must be a young woman's spirit. You — you are about my ago, arc you not I" "I KnnnoHO so," said L . " Yes!'1 eaid sho ; "and bare you a hus- Vand." "Iana widow," said X "Good," said she. "How lucky that is 1 You'll want to go to heaven because your husband is there ; I want bo stay because mine is hers. Coma. I'll send yonr spirit \- pith thom— you'll bt mo, wont yon 1" Iliad grown very oold, and felt that Z was tzambling very muah, but I found power to ask ber what seemed to myself then to be a very important question. " How would you do it? It depends a lit&o; on that " ' " Ob," eaid ebo," as rat -now, there is just ' ' one way. I must out your tbroat— but I faavo a very sharp razor,, and ib won'b hurt at Ul. It's much tho best for. us both, you see, my hnsba'nd being hero, yours there. And those spirits, with their white wings and bold' hands will nover know." She drew a razor from her packet as sbe spoke and opened it. I made one dash for ibe door — which I should havo made sooner bad I guessed at tho. hidden weapon, you .may be certain— but as I did so ber fabs changed, her eyes flashed furiously, and she- ' jdutcbed me by the throat. I gave a' wild . bcream, the carriage stopped, and' I beard amidst my terror tho' voices of two men ebouting something close beside us, ' ! Then tbo woman was struggling in a polioeman's arms, and a gentleman held tho razor in his hands and folded it away in its hbeatbi . There was another oarrlage besides ou;s, ' snd these two men bad sprung fi;6ni ib. ', ' I "Madam, I hopo yon are unharmed!" aid tbe gentleman, speaking with a slight .: foreign accent. I " Yes, l am thankful to say I am," said I. ' 1 " You know whab it all means ?" said he. . ."It woe a fine mind that illness warped so .. terribly. She has been 111, ond-sbe believes ' herself now a spirit. It is a delusion of bora that if she can send a spirit to heaven she may remain hero herself. My poor Isadora 1 Forgive ns the terror you have felt. We ' (thought her well-watched, but she escaped . ua. I believe that dwelling too much on ." ispirltualiam has caused all this." Then ho bowed, and followed liis wife into the other carriage, and T saw her clinging to him as . Ithey drovo away. — Hbmdahd. 