STAGE SCENES UNREHEARSED. ; Iff »recent7VrtcoapetiU<m.eeae very, •muting answers were mt inopon tin unrehearsed ioeideole of the stage. Among the most laagnable weratiie following t The weU-known actor, John Ryder, who could reckon among his popils some of the foremost performers on the stage, was ■ Margate man, and always sure of a good, house when he played there. One evening ha was performing Hamltt' at the Margate Theatre, worn it waa dis covered that for the grave- digging seen* there was no skull among the properti* taken down. In desperation Ryder Bent down to n chemist's hard by, in wlio.«o shop window ho had observed a skull while walk ing in the town in the daytime. His mes senger was successful, and returned with tbe article. Ryder took it upon tho singe and began, "I knew him, Horatio, a fellow of infinite jest." Just as he reached the footlights ho unfortunately touched n spring in the skull, which thereupon began to open and close ita jaws in a most appalling manner. AH Ryder's efforts to stop the mechanism were unavailing, nnd, to the amusement of the audience, after endeavouring in vain to go on with his speech, lie dushed tbe skull down in a rage nnd left the stage. Some men entrusted to represent tbe waves in a tempest liad been engaged in a provincial theatre at the rate of Is. per night. They were reduced to Od. The waves immediately held a meeting, at which it in decided that all the sea should be on strike. Consequently, the same evening, whilst counterfeit lightning was raging on the stage, and the false thunder resounded at its loudest behind the scenes, the ocean, to the stupefaction of all, remained calm and smooth like a carpet. Ihe prompter, out of his wits, raised a corner of the cover, and ordered the waves to do their duty. "Waves at sixpence or a shilling?" asked a voice which came from the bottom of the abyss. "At a shilling 1" replied the prompter, who had no other alternative. As soon on the magic word had been pronounced the 6ea moved in good earnest, as if it had bean tossed by a true tempest. The following took placo at an amateur performance of Hxmltt. In the first act Hamlet, in alluding to the Ghost, asks Horatio, "Stay'd it long!" and Horatio replies, "As one with moderate haste might tell a hundred." Marcellus then should say, •' Longer, longer!" but no* doing so, the prompter whimpered, "Longor, longer, longer, losoerI" whereupon the young Horatio roso to the emergency, and exclaimed. " Well, say, perhaps, two hundred." In the provinces many years ago, Rcmto and Julietw&s; being acted, and owing to ill ness tbe part of the lover was taken by someone not belonging to the comiuuy. In the garden scene when Juliet says, " O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art Ihou Itorucol* he answered : " 'Cos t'other chap's sick." Drama, Th: Armada. Scene, the Inquisitors' Chamber (Act IL). Grand Inquisitor (sitting in state close to wing*) proceeds to give judgment on Sybil, an English maiden. Says the G. I. - " You have transgressed the laws of our land, and we find, you guilty of a crimo that can only be expiated by death. The law of our The sentence was not finished, for th« platform upon which the state chair was fixed gave way, sending the astonished G.L, with his right and left bond sup porters, backwards into the wings, and from the sight of the audience. The coutre tempi sent the house into convulsions,'for it was one of those scenes where an audience is carried away by the solemn nature oi the proceedings. The above took place last May at th* Standard Theatre, Shoreditch, when Mr. Henry Nevill and his company performed there. . Not very long ago a small provincial company had the temerity to attempt Macbtlk. . There was a good deal of merri ment, but all went fairly well until Act V., Scene 5, when the man who had to take the small part of the Messenger was suddenly taken ill, and a poor frightened stage carpenter was ordered to take his place. Enter Messenger:".... I looked towards Bimam, and anon mcthought tb« wood began to move." Macbeth (who »M boss of the show in every sense): " Liar and slave ." Messenger (too terrified to remember his part): " Well, sir, they told me to say so, s'elp me I" Scene, a small country town, theatra extemporised in Town Hall—"Miss dn Montfort," as Juliet, has just swallowed the poison and thrown herself on tho bed, when from among the audience rushes a woman (well-known in the place) with * baby in her arms, and exclaims to Juliet: ; " Here, Mrs. johnetone, you'll have to take your baby, I can't keep it quiet) no longer!" 