A CUP REVIEW. LOOKING BACKWARD. What May Win To-day. MELBOTJHNE'S FESTIVAL. _____ 1 A Glnnco nt U10 'Winners of tho Past. Troscnt Competitors' Form Summed lip (B? 'Daybtar.' 'Thoy'ra off,' will bo oxclniraod in ini(jli'ty chorus nt PlominRton this nftor nq'on yory shortly nftor 4.26 p.m., tho timo lit. which, by Sydnoy reckoning, tho Mel bourne.;- 'Cup i''00 '9 Bof? down to stnrt. Tho Votoran sportsman who starjto'd tho first Cup field thirty:two jearB ngo 13 rotainod for tlfo duty to-dny, and ib. is to bo liopod ho will succeed in making a satisfactory despatch without: ordering all tho ridor3 to pay up a fino of .£10 each for obstructinir his directions, na ho has done boforo. Mr. Goorgo Watsoii is ono of tho old school, nnd is nnimporious wioldor of tho rod flag. But long boforo tho horsos go on tho important; jonruoy thoro' will lio intonso oxcitomont in tho M^olboiirno capital, as thero will bo, in deed, all over tho colonios among sporting folks.' All sorts find 'conditions of people gravitate to tho 'Victorian capital in Cup woot. Each colony sonds ito quota, and tho country districts pour in thousands to swoll tho great annual assomblngo on tho banks of tho Saltwater Rivor. Thoro will hardly ho a shop open in' Molbourno or suburbs, and in no othor placo in tho wido world is such a unanimoiis tribute 'pnid to a racing fostival. By road and rail pooplo will throng to tho central point of attrac tion. Traillc avrangomonts aro always woll nianngod, and tho many thousands who go, by rail from Spencer-streot will bo carried with tho minimum of dolay and inconvenienco. -.?'JL'ho cablo tram way-cars. will, pour' a continuous stream of woll-drcssed and orderly people in to tho V.R.C. resorvos, and tlioso who can afford or dosiro bithor tho display or comfort of a driyo by road, will supply tho inoro interesting featuros of tho specta cular effect.. Tho road to Plemington on Cup Day is a study, as tho endless varieties of vohicular conveyances dasli along to tho course. Tho ordinary hum-drum, drays and waggons of peaceful commorco and overy-day uso . aro piit into , Bpocial commission, , tho _. horses . adorned with ribbons and plaited manes for tho occasion, and each vehicle loaded up with a human cargo, overy unit of which is anxious to ' see the Cup.' If Molbourno had never oxporionend a' land-boom^and ajro-awakouing— and hiid it not boon the scene of endless complications of rocklesB financial crashes, tlio road to-day would havo been more lively. As it iB, thore will bo some spicy four-in-hand and tandem teams, gaily-deckod men and women bo hind them, and enough of finery in general to inako Cup Day tho splendid spcctnculnr and brilliant'Show that it has. grown to be during tho past ton years. Fleraington is nil ideal racecourse. Tho Hill, a favorito vantago ground, seems to have boon specially designed by naturo for tho purpdso, and tho grandstand below it is roploto with all tho comforts and accommodation that thoughtful and clover pooplo can deviao. Tho lawn .is a pictiiro, with its grassy carpotand beautiful flowor-beds ; then tho race track intervenes between 'tho donizens of tho flat, who crowd closo to the stooplochaso fences. Beyond tho limits of tho course, on tho far sido, ' picnic parties aro dotted ovor tho broad hillsido which flanks tho back stretch of tho track. Tho whole makes up a stirring sceno, and has becorao ono of tho principal advertisements for tho colonies in distant lands. Tho Lawn is a brilliant display of lavish oxtravaganco in fashionablo finery, which the fomihineminddolightstorovelin, and tho birdcage a no loss romarkablo part of tho groat demonstration, but of a quite different kind. Hero tho equine- aristocrats that aro to regulato tho fortunes of many participators in Cup Day doings, for bettor or worse; aro accommodated, and from horo the final polish is put on tho candidates for distinction. Chances aro calculated, stable secrot8whisporod,andknowiug hints myste riously! communicated, but tbo ono groat tost soon accentuates or dispels tho valuo of tho prophotic whispors or tho olaborato reasonings indulged in boforo tho big event. Thoso who hayonovor soon a Cup would marvel at tho display altogether, but it is decidedly, oxciting. Tho horses generally parado past tho grandstand, and aro ad mirod as they file on to tho courso. When tho raco starts, thoro is a general hush, and tho cavalcadu of brilliant.colors and flying hoofs comes dashing past* tho stand amid gonoral silonco. Not till tho homo turn is rbachod docs tho oxcitemoht begin to break ? bounds ? again, and then tho names of tho leaders aro screeched out in various tbp-noto koys by admirers or backors of tho animals. If a favorite scores the -victory thoro is much chooring, and tho strain is roliovod after iiiomonts of. pent-up expectancy. Insolvont Mclbourno — marvellous .Molbourno— downcast and chaatonod by bad timos, will to-day make a violont effort to bo brillfautly sonsational and gorgoous, for ono day in tho year at any rate. Tho Molbourno Cup has an intoroating history, nnd old sporting mou novor tiro of doscanting on tho particular opisodos that that havo loft Btirring recollections in their momorics. Tho contral flguro in racing mattorB whon tho early Cups woro run was undoubtedly tho ownor of Archer, whoso colon* woro often foromoat in tho prin cipal ovont.i. Mr. E. Do Me3tro is still with us, and, what is more, looks halo aud hearty.and good for many yoars yot. Archor won tho two first Cups for tho all block of Torrara, ridden by 0'uttn, and, singularly onough, Morman, a great horso too, was socond on each occasion. Thero was a bnd accident in tho '01 raco, throo horses falling, and tho late .1. Morrison got badly damntjed. Aftorllankor, I-nntorn ami Tory boy's yonra tho lato Mr. John Tait's colora woro boruo Biiccosinfully by Tho Jiarb, a horso that is still rogarded ns tho cham pion of Colonial racohoiBos by many poople. His contemporary, Fishhook, has another school of admirers, who claim equal honors for him, but his failure on ono or two important occasions was put down to thu now comparatively rare vil lainy of nobbling. Nowzninotor —as undoubtedly a victim to tho namo tactics Thoro is a story of a confosslon in Fiah hook'a mac-, and tho facts about thn othor liorso nro pretty woll known. Sir. Do Mostro whb miccOBsful in 1H07 and in 1S78 with Tim Whilllor and Calamia, and ha:i had a groatnr sharo oE Cups than any othor ownvr !h likely to got, although ho has not anything vary|niatoriul to mniombor hia triumpha by. Thoro woro no i; 10,000 prizns in Hioho dayu. The yellow aud black of Tnit liad a good innings, too, with Gloncoo, Tho Pearl, nnd Tho Quack, and Sydnoy horaoa woro looked on with tho utmoat respect in Melbourno. 1873 waa Don Juan's yoar, and it was re sorvod for this nupposed commoner to down all tho cracks. Jninos WilBon, of St. Albans, nnd Joo Thompson, tho woll-known bookmakor, got a great riso through Tho Don. Generally a closo man, AVilsoti actually boastod of his project with Don Juan, and invited a party of turf authori ties to go and look - at him ihortly boforo tho raco at his utablos. Tho verdict wna uncomplimontnry, as ho was anything but a good-looking animal. Hia galloping abilities seemed to dawn slowly, ns sovoral ownors pn83«d him on till 'Wiluon got him. His morits woro then dis covored, aud although ho caught cold and nearly gavo up tho ghost throo days boforo tho Cup; ho pulled round nnd won, with tho lato Willio Wilson in tho saddlo. Don Juan died tho following yoar through oror-reaching himself in a raco. After Haricot and Woollamni had won a Cup oach, tho founder of St. AlbanB took a hand again with tho flying filly lirisois, tho only maro that ever won a Cup. Thn vic torious careor of the lato Hon. James White was signalised by Chester's victory in 1887, whon tho flue son of Yattendou won narrowly from Savannkn, that sterling pony that was so carefully bottled up for a grand coup, aud bo nearly brought it off. Tho yoar 1879 saw-Darriwoll iu front, but this was ono of tho unexpected results, liko Zulu's and Tho Foarl's. The stable horse was Lo Loup, tho Now Zealandor so highly triod by tho Dakins, but Dnrriwoll as tonished ovoryono by boating the Cold. Grand Flanour gavo turfites something to think about in, his yoar. Ho began his conquoring march on Now Yoar's Day ? as n two-year-old, nnd Dorbioa, Cups, or Plates, with or without 1-tlb penalties, camo into tho not aliko. Thoro is no moans of tooting tho morits of horsos that shine in different poriods, -but it is difficult to provo that a better than Mr. W. A. Long's champion was ovor scon on a Colonial racocourso. ' Ho won gonorally without being called on for a special effort, and won both Derby and Cup oasily. Hia son Bravo followed his oxamplo, and yoc another of his got may bo similarly distinguished. The Assyrian's year (18B2), and Glonloth's year (1892) will bo remembered as tho wet and dreary Cup days. Martini-Honri helped to dissipato the theory that three-year-olds jvoro not qualified as Cup winners by following up a Dorby victory with an easy win over tho two miles, and Malua established tho fact that it takes a lot of weight to Btop a good ono by carry ing 9st 01b to tho front. Tho late Alec. Robertson brought tho St. Albans. horse along past Commotion and^Plausiblo with ono of his romarkablo runs, and robbed old Commotion .of a place on tho Cup winning list. After failing ovor hurdles Shoet Anchor won a Cup for tho Ballarat sportsman, Mr. Martin Loughlin, barely defeating tho Caulfield Cup winner, Grace Darling, whose ..victory would havo been; very popular, . and might havo. kept poor .'. ' Duffett, her owner, out of an early gravo. Mr. W. Gannon, whoso luck on tho turf has boon very bad sinco ho bought Gatling, was fortunate enough to score tho big raco with Arsonal, after his hopes of doing bo gob a soycro shock at tho lost minute. Duulop, always a good 'un, was in faro form in 1887, and after making tho fact patent at tho A.J.C. Mooting, provod his merit by landing tho great raco. The Bravo incidont is too rocont to be forgotten. How; he was knocked but ns a hopolpBs ? breakdown and rovived . to ..'.'absolutely win .--, has been told .too of ton; ??] and as much as .£1000 to 1 was laid against him. The departed Bcribo' Augur 'hud a Bliaro of the wngor, and a Sydnoy Prossmanof to-day just missod a. slice of it by a fluko. Carbino made himself for over famous by his valiant performance in 1800; when he put up a record of Smin 28}seo with lOst 51b aboard. This pales all the Cup records, although Archer carried lOst 21b success fully in 1802 in a probably much inferior field: Malua'ssbn.Malvolio, succeeded his siro as a Cup winner in '01, and is still eligible for further distinction this year. Fino weather only is required to inako to day's raco thoroughly successful from all points of viow. .;??,!';' , TO.-DAY'S 'CANDID ATES;.., Noarly ovorybodyhas an interest in tlio Molbourno' Cup result in somo form or othor, and the gouoral dosiro to-day is to know the correct thing to back. ' Sports lnbh, backorSi punters, plungorBi. and. all kinds of dabblora in racing, havo boon studying tho problom for months, and oxporioncp teaches ub 'all that tho matt or cannot be reducod to figuros or to a cer tainty . by any procoss of reckoning that has yot boon discovered. Tho training roports, ' and ovon personal inspoction of tho work ;: donoron tho tracks, tends to confuse ''.'. moro than to onlightou in th'oso days, vory often, and public form, after all, is perhaps tho safost ? guide. That ia to , Bay, tho bost public form should bo rcckonod, for so many horses nowadays give occasional displays that aro too bad to be truo., Tho star performers on tho training, tracks are Camoola, PoVtsoa, Vakeel, Oxldo, TarcooU, Sainfoin, Patron, All Thero, Tim Swivollor and Pulvil, but many of tho others havo dono thoir work in private. Saturday's racing points to tho fact that tho privately proparod horsos nro worth considering, as from Ballarat four winnors were brought, and ono from QuoenscliCf. For a raco liko the Molbourno Cup tho quality of staying out a hard-run journoy is an essential consideration, as only tho gamo and the good will survive tho ordoal. This year wo aro strong in Ihrce-yoar-olds, aud iu tho cases of Loyalty, tho Melbourne Stakes winner, and Curnago, tho Dorby winnnr, unusual brilliancy is apparont. Carbino'a rolativo won bin Darby in Bitch stylo from a good fiold that his claim cannot bo ovorlooknd. Ho shapos liko a stayer, nnd if ho also inheritx tho special merit of Carbine in that direction, ho will bo Hard to boat. Notwithatanding Loyalty's good deeds, I am moro partial to Carnago's uhanco. Tho Sailor Princo ran so woll in tho Derby that he may bo oxpectod to render a good account in tbo Cap. He bolonija to a Buccosaful racing family, and ought to bo equal to any omorgonoy on tho racccourso. Pulvil will haro to bo sholved' after )iin Dorby dofcat, and Light Artillciry can hardly bo oxpvctod to improvo on his Saturday's effort. Tronchant mioms ovornhndowod by Bomo of tho others, but is a gamo little follow, and Patrou will find tho journey too long. Salient is not dangerous, but l'ounuuiu, tho handsome Nowminstor colt, might effect a surprlHO. Solunum will vory likoly find two miles too fnr, and Dickons is an unknown quantity. A hotter lot of throo-yoar-olds perhaps woro novor soon in a Cup togothcr, but it iB a race that only uuits ono of tho ago whon that ono is a clipper of tho first water. Of tho lot I'soloct Caknaok. Among tho hoavy woights wo find Tho Admiral, who is pretty well, but probably iB not na good horo as his stablo companion, Tho Sailor Princo. Cromorno doos not fill tho bill as a two inilo horso, although if a good rider can got him home ho has got ono in Jack Fioldor. Camoola, in spite of tho shocks ho gives us, I am not proparod to discard. If ho has boon often bcaton ho has also ofton dono groat things, and ho is ono with a good chanco to win ovor tho distance Mal volio .has lately oasod in tho markot, nnd thiB is not a good sign, although* ho did tho samo boforo tho Cup ho won, and a lot of his admirors desorted him. Ho has dono a sound preparation, is fit enough, likea a diatanco, and may got to tho front. Portsoa is such a gonuino, houoat littlo horse, that no ono can estimate what if will tnko to silonco his claims towards tlio right ond of tho hunt. Realm I do not fancy. Stornchosor seems to bo unroliablo, although a great horse ; bub Vakoel is a horso of anothor color. Tho South Aus tralian chainpion may bo ablo to mow down tho opposition in tho last furlong. Ho has executed somo sterling gallops, i'b very woll, and has a good look in. Oxido is bound to run woll with.fJat 71b, but seoma to bo unlucky. Lord Hop'otouu is ono of tho mysterious division, but was groatly fancied a couplo of months ago. Port Admiral ia.of a good racing family, and is ono no liberty can bo takon with. Tar coola would probably havo a first-rate chanco if a couplo of furlongs wore takon off, but Booms to bo in great heart just now. Ho hnB dono somo good things on. tho track; and is a possibility at Sst 41b. After Newman's groat showing in tho Molbourno Stakes I fuel greatly impressed with his chanco. Ho haa dono a sound preparation at Ballarat and, as he was heavily backed in tho last Australian Cup, it is probablo ho can get tho distance without asking for quarter. Ho is evidently improving siuco. hia run afc Caulfiold. Sainfoin, now, rocVoned as tho V. A.T.C. Cup winner, is ' a near . relative of Tho Admiral and Port Admiral, and thero seoms no reason why he cannot stay woll. Ho has dono somo great private trials, as also has Tim Swivollor, tho disqualified Caulfield horo. Both must have chances, and it is possible Mr. F. F. Dakin will havo reason to fool unensy about letting Sainfoin run at the weight. Tridentate does not look dangorous, but Jowoller ran bo woll on Saturday that ho may be oqual to thiB contract. I do not think he is, nnd, like Lord Gronville, ho would bo bettor suited at a mile and a half. All Thero is a conundrum I will not bother with, and Pippin is of tho mysterious order. He lms dono somo good gallops, without a doubt, and ho is still a great tip in Borne quarters. Strahan and Polly Mohr aro tho light-weights of tho party, bnt noithcr tho Tasmanian nor the Eivorina maro look formidablo here. Vengeance's half-sister, Vendotta, has no protensions to consideration that I know of. To inako a declaration, I would place them : ...?'? NEWMAN or CARNAGE ... 1 Camoola .... ... ? 2 , Vakeel ... ... , ... ... 8 and if this is to bo upset, it may be by Tim Swi teller. ??'?.' 