OUR GREAT GRAND-' MOTHER'S WEDDING DRESS. ADA. M. TBOTTER, in Argosy. ( Concluded from our last.) As she stood waiting to begin there was a stir throughout the audience; people simply stared with wonder at this delicate vision, radiant with love liness. Betty's soft rings of corn colored hair curled all over her head, her cheeks were rosy with health, and I read in her eyes that she saw nothing of the brilliant assemblage; her thoughts were far awav in the song world, where, she declared to me, she could hear divine, long-drawn chords, and a choir of singers with voices true as silver bells. 4 Oh, Betty,' I cried to myself, 'wake up and do your best, my Betty; ' and as though my thought compelled her glance, her eyes met mine, and she wobe. Then she sang; but who shall describe the. clear bell-notes that thrilled and rang through the room ? The audience became distracted, and when the last sweet note died away, they applauded Betty to the echo and would not be satisfied. I shall never cease to see her standing there in the rich old gown of crimson and gold and blue. Sbe only wanted the trumpet to be seraphic as one of the !Fra Angeli co's angels, floating on billowy clouds. Then Hugh played a slight prelude, and she sang her " bird song," trilling in the upper register with the facility many a great singer might have envied. After this, people were crazier than ever, and made such a noise that I heard a growl beside me. The man so like Hugh was standing, white and stern, just as Hugh was apt to look "when indignant. ' Poor little girl, they will frighten her,' he said, and moved swiftly away to the concert-room. He spoke to some of the crazier ones in a very decided manner, and silence ensued, and the next moment he came back to the conservatory with our Betty following him, bathed m tears. Some of the audience crowded round her and frightened the poor shy child. And no sooner were they well out of sight of the room than Betty clung to him with both arms, and laid her soft, curly head against his shoulder. She had never once looked up at him. ' Oh, Hugh; dear Hugh, have I not done enough ? Must I go back and sing to those dreadful people again P Please say I need not, Hugh. Indeed, you don't know how it hurts me, Hugh, through and through.' By this time 1 had taken Betty from the stranger, and I daresay I looked horribly disagreeable, but be fore I could speak he made a sign that I should not tell Betty of the mistake she had made, and he stood aside to let our own Hugh come up. * Need I sing again, Hugh,' said Betty, and the real Hugh, looking tenderly down at her, said fiercely: * If I had known they would have behaved like that, my little Betty, you should never have entered these doors. It is too bad of them, though they mean it for kindness. The truth is, your singing has taken them out of themselves. But you have sung enough, and shall go home if you like'. I can't come with you, but, Dot, you can take her home, can't you ?' 1 Allow me the privilege of taking cate of these ladies,' said Hugh's double, stepping forward. * It is only fair, for this concert is given in my honor. My uncle ' Then you are major St. John ?' said Hugh, questioningly. 4 Tes ; and you are Hugh Sinclair, a fine composer and true musician, I hear. Eely on me to take the great est care of your song bird, here.' And with this Hugh left us, and we led away into a cool part of the gallery, close to the flowers and foun tains, and refreshments were brought to us. When Betty was less agitated she looked curiously at the major, who was so like yet so unlike our Hugh He, in his turn, ! seemed intensely interested in us, or rather I should say in Betty. ' I want to know where you found this beautiful gown,' said he, as her ruby gown, open in front, fell back over the blue quilted under-shirt. * In the garret, said Betty simply. 'It belonged to my mother, and is our great grandmother' wedding dress.' * You do not know what this ancient dame's name might have been?' he suggested. ' No, I don't know anything more about the gown,' said Betty. ' Once upon a time,' said he, 'I heard of a merry young girl, who find ing an old dress in the garret, precisely like this, dressed herself in it for a fancy ball, and looked so lovely in such quaint attire, that her doting father had her picture painted as she looked that night. Will you come with me -I will show it you.' We followed him across the corridor to a long gallery, and there sure enough, my Betty, with her corn colored curls, was smiling at us from the walls, and the ruby, gold and blue setting was identically the satne. ' What is the meaning of this mas querading?' said ait irate voice beside us. We turned and saw the squire, livid with euioiion ; I thought anger. Betty looked at him, and a smilp came into her eves of irresistible love liness. 4 You are just like Hugh,' said she eagerly. He did not reply. He simply stood and glared at ue. f * I have already solved the puzzle/ said the major very quietly; * as,' he added more slowly, ' no doubt you have done also. You cannot look at that young man's face without seeing what is patent to the least observant iu the room-he is your living image. Tou cau not glance from the pictured loveliness on the wall to the face be low without seeing that a lineal descendant stands there. As to the dress-if further proof was needed ' But as he spoke the squire seemed to pounce upon our little Betty. In a moment he had her under the lights and was holding her face, looking ! searchingly into her eyes. His own eyes glared so fiercely that I could have screamed with terror ; our gentle Betty, however, trusted everyone or read them as a child would. She looked in the old man's face and smiled. ' Oh,' she said again. * Tou are just like Hugh. I never saw such a likeness.' * What is her name ?' he said, in a kind of strangled voice, turning to me. * Elizabeth,' I gasped; 'but we call her I/ady Betty. She has our mother's name because she is just like her.' No one spoke after this. The old man breathed almost in sobs, and the major signed to me neither to move nor speak. But I trembled for Betty; she was used to comforting us, even Hugh in his darkest moods; she seemed to divine our needs, and could not bear to see anyone suffer -without giving her utmost of consolation. To her simple, true mind, only one thing at a time presented itself. So now she bent her head and laid her cheek against the hand, that held her so fiercely. The touch was the gentlest caress; and the next moment the old man was holding our Betty close in his arms, a rain of tears falling on her soft rings of curls. The major had drawn me away to the other end of the gallery, and "here we sat down and stared at one another. I felt very much inclined to cry my self, and had a short struggle which ended in an undignified choke. * Hugh told me to take her home,' I said, a little crossly. ' She ought not to stay any longer.' And the major, looking straight at me, said: ' Little girl, you are at home. The picture on the wall is that of your mother, dressed, for a fancy ball in the old ancestral gown. She made a run away match with a singer, and your grandfather's heart was broken at her loss. She was as proud as he, and would, never make an effort to con ciliate him. She even kept him ignorant of the fact that she had any children. Her husband, I imagine, changed his name to Sinclair, since you are called thus, so all traces of them were lost. Failing other heirs, I was to inherit the estate here, but with your Hugh, as you call him, present, I am a nobody, only your very far away cousin, Major St. John, and your very faithful friend. 1 shall retire very willingly, for, with my own large estates to manage, I did not want any more upon my hands.' With these words he rose, and we went back to the sofa and where my Betty was sitting, right under the picture of our mother. The old squire was hanging over her, unable to keep his eyes from constantly comparing the living with the pictured face. 4 Well, sir,' said the major cheerily ; 'you must not make invidious dis tinctions ; here is another claimant on your affections; a good, true, little soul to whom I am sure you will give a corner of your heart.' 'Oh, I am only Dot,' I said hurriedly, fearing again that scowl of dislike I had watched gather on his brow. I got out of sight, clumsily enough, but the major drew me forward. ' She is like her father, you think ? Dear Uncle, now on Christmas Eve, with the ' G-lad tidings of great joy' ring in your ears, ought you not to forgive and forget ?' The major's eyes dwelt meaningly on our lovely Betty, and I knew he meant that a giftsuch as that ought to fill the old Squire's heart to overflowing. I was so pleased that I suppose I smiled as my grandfather looked at me. 4 She has a look of her mother when she smiles,' said he, and he held out his hand cordially. From that moment my grandfather aud. I have been the best of friends. But Betty and I were left alone in the gallery, while the major and- our newly-found grandfather walked arm in-arm, up and down the corridor beyond. I heard the mayor's strong tones again and again. * It must be, dear uncle, and at once.' The squire seemed much grieved, and threw his arm about the young man's shoulders. * Tou writ leave me the estate now,' said the major again : * Hugh Sinclair has a far greater claim upon it. But there is one more precious jewel that now belongs to you, which I must gain your consent to win. I believe in love at first sight, and from the first moment my eyes fell upon her I felt that I had met my fate.' And the glance of both rested on our Betty, wbo had wandered hack to the further end of the gallery, standing dreaming amidst the flowers. What a lovely picture she made there, in her quaint, rich gown, with the old lace falling over her white arms, and her yellow curls against the back ground of palms. 4 She is only a child at yet,' said the squire jealously. And the major laughed as they entered the gallery. * Come,' he said to me. * We are going to make a sensation.' Hugh was playing a fine piece when we came into the concert-room. Our grandfather, leading Lady Betty, calmly ascended the stage, the major followed with me. Hugh looked up wrathfullv. He was very much displeased to see us brought back to public view again. He made one crashing discord and then rose hastily. ' Dot, I told you to go home,' said he severely. But ere I could speak the squire had taken him by the arm, and was speak ing to him. Then he drew him unwill ingly to the front of the stage, and in a few words explained to the assembled company that we were without doubt his grandchildren, restored to him wonderfully and unexpectedly, and that if this were satisfactorily proved, Hugh would become his heir. Of course we were surrounded in a moment, and I think the ladies would have smothered Betty had not my grandfather stood between her and the many determined to seize and kiss her. Little notice was taken of me, which of course gave me time to see what others were doing. The major had Hugh by the arm, and Hugh, haughty as usual, did not make himself half so ^agreeable as he might hare done ; but then he was very much bewildered at the sudden change in his position, and proud well, I am sure, if he had not thought more of us than of himself, he would never have taken a penny from the estate. When the people moved away, I heard the major say softly to Hugh : ' Be good to the old man, cousin Hugh. He has had many a lonely year with his broken heart.' The two men took a long look into i one another's eyes, and then their ; hands met in a handclasp which pro mised friendship unto death. Hugh and our grandfather took wonderfully to one another, and the major watched their growing interest [ with keen delight. But-well, I must say it, for everyone knows it is the truth-nothing, and no one in the world will ever be to my grandfather what Lady Betty is. The major had thought of the others too, and presently he went away and came back with our two eldest, Bessie and Letty. But what was said then I do not know, for we were sent to bed, and slept in a large room where, I am sure, a thousand ghosts might have wandered. For the squire would not hear of bur going away again that night, but insisted upon our remaining as if he feared that if he let us go he might lose us again for ever. But when I said to Betty that the place might be haunted, she only laughed, and danced about on the old oak floor, her ruby dress flashed here and there aglow in the fitful flames. * After all, we owe everything,' said she, 'to the Great Grandmother's Wedding Dress.* 