II. I made a discovery that night ; one which sur- prised ma largely. When a man has reached the age of thirty years without knowing the inner meaniug of the word " love" he has a right to feel surprised on acquiring that knowledge without study. I did not seek love, on the contrary love in the person of Lady Selwyn-hunted me out; consequently I was not a free agent in the matter. At the time I hardly analysed the affair in this fashion, for the discovery was some- what overwhelming. I tossed on an uneasy pillow all night wondering what disease had seized me, and matters were hardly improved by my lighting the candle at intervals to look at the picture. All the horror of red star and wailing voice was for the time forgotten by me, my brain being fully occupied by the thought that Lady Selwyn waB a beautiful woman whom I adored. I offer no opinion on this matter, but simply set down the existing facta. Being in this dazed condition I was naturally anxious to confide my troubles to some one. Ruth was scarcely an inviting repository. I knew nobody in the neighbourhood, and self-communion was unsatisfactory: therefore the most obvious course was to await the coming of Hadrian. Some- where about noon he duly arrived, without any apologies for his tardiness ; but this omission on his part I waived, being only too thankful to see his dour countence. By dour I do not mean exaetly ill-natured, for Hadrian hid some geniality in his disposition, but it did not show itself in his face. Fortunately I knew that this index to his mind was a bad one, else I had not made him my confidant. As it turned out, however, he did not receive my story so well as I had expected, but this I put down to his jealousy in the matter of friendship. Hadrian was a good physioenomist, and anxious for his unbiassed opinion I said nothing about Lady Selwyn, but slipped the portrait in with tho reBt j of the sketches. In a few minutes Hadrian, as I expected he would, asked to see what work I had done, so I placed the whole lot before him and waited the result in silence. He went to work-in his usual ungracious manner, making remarks compli- mentary and otherwise-mostly otherwise. In due course he came across the portrait, and to my astonishment showed an unexpected acquaintance with the original. " Why, Faloise," he said, turning towards me, Sketch in hand, "where have you seen Lady Selwyn ?" " Do you know her, Hadrian ?" " Excellently well ! She was the heroine of that queer story of two seasons ago." " What queer story P" " Oh, I forgot. You were in ludia at the time," said Hadrian, replacing the sketch in the port- folio. " However, I can tell you the whole history -but first let me hear how you came to make her acquaintance." I would rather have heard the London history first, and then narrated the sequel ; but Hadrian, as I knew of old, was as obstinate as a mule. Un- less I gratified his curiosity he certainly would not gratify mine, so with quick despatch I told him all that had taken place on the previous night. The important detail of my falling in love I withheld for the present. I might as well have told it at on;e, for I Baw Hadrian guessed the truth from my tell- tale cheekB. However, he made no sign oE such knowledge, but, when I had finished the story, looked out at The Grange intently through the window. Naturally I expected to be directly addressed, but in place of this Hadrian began a monologue as though he were alone. At first I felt indignant, but as his soliloquy seemed pertinent to the subject, I listened. "Apparently," observed Hadrian, to himself, "she saw the likeness between Varst and Faloise. That accounts for her emotion. She loved Varst deeply, and when he died buried herself in this tomb. Now a ghost in the person of Faloise has revived that love given to a dead man ; BO it is not unlikely she will transfer her affections to the living. Faloise resumbles the non-existing Varst greatly. Doubtless, she will love him. The question is-will Faloise love her ?" " Faloise does love her," I broke in impetuously» whereupon Hadrian, contrary to his usual gravity, burst out laughing. "So ! I have caught you in a trajj, Faloise. Tes. I am aware that you love this woman. Your cheeks, your eyes were eloquent. Now your tongue betrays you. Faloise," he added, torching my breast with an emphatic forefinger, " had I not tricked you into this confession you would have held your peace." " Indeed, you are wrong. I intended to tell you as soon as you arrived." Hadrian, taking out his watch, glanced at the dial with a mocking smile. " I have been with you close on an hour, and you have told me-nothing. So much for your inten- tion. You love this woman ?" " Yes, I do !" " And you would marry her ?" " If she would have me !" " You talk like a child !" said Hadrian, angrily. "Marry a woman of whom you know nothing-whose faoe yï»n have hardly seen ? A woman who, as you can see for yourself, conceals some Bhameful Beeret in that house. Don't be a fool, FaloiBO !" " Calling me names will not alter my determina- tion," I rejoined, a trifle nettled ; " tell me what you know about her, and I will judge for myself." 1 Hadrian bit his fingers-a trick with him when annoyed-then, without further preamble, burst out into the story of Lady Selwyn. " She is a young widow !" he began with a jerk of his head, by which I knew how angry he was. " A young widow, not without attractions, as you know, nor without money, as you don't know. Moro than two years ago-I may say three-when ' I was in town, and you were in the East, she buried her first husband and fell in love with Paul Varst, artist. It was said she had been in love with him before she married Sir Peter Selwyn's title and fortune, but at all events, no sooner was the old man buried than she became engaged to Varst. He resembled you greatly, and, like you, was au artist, which I think you must ad iii t is a curious coincidence. ' During Lady Selwyn's period of mourning be went to the East, as you did. Unlike you-and this is the first point of difference between you-he returned thence afflicted with some disease. I don't know the name of the disease, but it killed him, and may be said to have killed her, seeing how she has shut herself up in yonder tomb to mourn him. You, my friend, are very like Varst, so I should not feel surprised if she fell in love with you. In her eyes, remember, you are Varst redivivus. My advice to you is to escape snares by immediate flight. As to your red star, I cannot divine its meaning, nor do I think it worth troubling about. All I know for certain is that Lady Selwyn loved Varat, and as you resemble Varst she will assuredly love you. So there you have the story. Sufficiently commonplace, is it not ?" " Yes ! and sufficiently reputable also," I interrupted, hotly. " J soe nothing to condemn in her conduct and much to praise. She muat be a loving woman to mourn so truly for the dead. By your own showing my resemblance to Varst gives me a chance of success, and as I love her, I see no reason why I should not become her husband." " I trust you will not be so foolish, Faloise." " Pray do not argue fnrther. My mind is made "P-" . i " And so is mine," he rejoined, angrily springing from the chair. " If you intend to make a fool of yourself, I wash my hands of the whole business. Give up this idea, Faloise, or I leave you for ever." " As you please," I answered, haughtily cutting short the discussion, and with that I left the room. Whea I returned Ruth informed me that Hadrian had gone. Presumably it waB jealousy which caused him to act in this foolish way. He could not bear to think that a woman should come between us; but as a woman had done so, he considered him- self affronted, and departed in anger. It would be useless to deny that I was sorry for this breach between us. I do not make friends easily, and Hadrian waa my closest companion. Notwith- standing my regret, I was too much in love to brood over this severance, and, dismissing Hadrian's folly from my mind, addressed myself to the task of solving the red star mystery. I wonder if there is a perverse Fate which makes things to go over contrary to what we wish. In my case I was inclined to take this view of Providence, for I wanted Lady Selwyn to visit the Golden Plover as usual, but she did not make her appear- ance. The old woman came for such necessaries as were required, but Lady Selwyn remained in seclusion. I spent my days in walking up and down the high road in front of the morass and my nights in the parlour waiting for her coming, but neither by day or by night did I see her. Ruth informed me that before my arrival she nightly paid a visit to the inn. Seeing that she did so no longer I was forced to blame either that suppositional Fate or my likeness to Paul Varst, deceased. Each day I haunted the high road, watching that detestable house, each night I sat in the parlour eyeing that red star and listening to the Thing wailing. I got used to both in the end, showing that even horrors can become stale. Ruth usually kept me company, and we talked of many things-of Lady Selwyn among othera, but, I learned no more than I had been told on the first night. And all this time I was in a perfect fever of excitement. This unsatisfactory life went on for about a week. At the end of that time the old woman brought a letter, in whioh Lady Selwyn implored me to go away. I took no notice of this, but haunted the high road as usual, whereupon the next night brought me another letter ordering me to depart. I heeded the command as little as I had done the.entreaty. Then there ensued a perfect deluge of notes, imploring, ordering, requesting, beseech- ing. Lady Selwyn ran through the whole gamut of a woman's art in wheedling a man to do her bidding. It was all of no avail. I was as obstinate in staying as she was in hiding. It seemed as if neither of us would give in. At last she did. Towards the end of the second week she unex- pectedly made her appearance in the parlour, ordered John Ruth out of the room, and gave me a warm quarter of an hour. " If you are a gentleman, Mr. Faloise, you will leave thiB place," she said, indignantly. "I have written you at least a dozen letters, of none of which have you taken any notice." " Really, Lady Selwyn, I do not see why I Bhould leave thiB place," I answered, mildly. "Is it reasonable to expect me to do so ?" " You are driving me mad." "How so?" She covered her face with her hands, and burst into tears. I advanced to soothe her, but on touch- ing her shoulder she sprang up with a terrified gesture. "No! no! Do not touch rae. I cannot bear it. Oh, if you only knew my story !" " I do know your story : that you loved Paul Varst, who ia dead, and that I resemble Paul Varst." "Who told you this?" she asked, with a quick intake of the breath. " I learned it inadvertently. Ia it because I re- r semble Paul Varst that yon wish me to go?" "Yes, yea, you are BO like him. You have his eyes, his voice. To me you are as a apectre. Paul Varst was like yon, and now-" "He ia dead, and you mourn his loss in that dreary mansion. Surely you have suffered enough and can forget the past." She shivered, apreading out her hands with a gesture of despair. "No ! I can never forget the past." " Let me teach you to do so !" "What do yon mean. Mr. Faloise?" she cried, shrinking back from my outstretched arms. " That I love you." " For God's sake say no more." I caught her to my breast before she could avoid me, "I must speak, Lady Selwyn. I love you! I love you ! The moment I beheld your face in the porch yonder I loved you. I drew your picture from memory-from the memory of my heart. I resemble Paul Varst. Love me for his Bake if not for my own." She thrust me back with such violence that I reeled against the wail of the parlour. " How dare you insult me !" she panted, clench- ¡' ing her hands. "You are a stranger. I know nothing of yon and yet-and yet you dare to Bpeak of love to mo-to me," striking her breast with closed fist, " who am vowed to the dead." " I cannot help myself. I am a coward, acting as I do ; bnt blame the lover, not the man. I Bhould go away when yon bid me ; I cannot ! I dare not ! The Bight of your face haB ruined my life ! If I leave yon I die ! You are killing me-yes, killing me. Can you not see how I suffer ?" The angry light in her eyes softened to the mild radiance of pity. Crossing the room she laid her hand on my bowed head. " Poor fellow ; You suffer. I also suffer. But we must both suffer in silence. I am under the ban of Hell !" " What do you mean ? That house-" " I dare not tell you no more. The red light warna me to hold my peace." " What doea it mean ?" I said, again grasping her poor thin hands. " It means the tortures of Hell," she whispered with slow terror. " I have seen a soul writhing in the grip of fiends. Pray to God you may never look upon such sights as sear my eyes. We must meet no more, Mr. Faloise. Let me bear my curse alone." " Nay, I will help you to bear it." " You cannot. It is too horrible ! Let me go, Mr. Faloise. I cannot, I dare not love you !" " Then, you do love me ?" Without a word Bhe bent forward and kissed my cheek. At that moment we heard the wailing of the accursed Thing whereupon, with a burst of hysterical laughter, she fled from the room. I followed with speed, but she had already vanished in the darkness, nor could my ¡mplorings call her back to my arms. The next night ahe failed to appear, but the old woman brought me another letter. " Pity my weakneas, and go," were the contents, and _ the paper was stained with tears. Those tears decided my course. Nothing now would induce me to leave the place without soothing this sorrow. I swore to enter the Grange, to enter that room whence shone the red light, to discover what it was that wailed so horribly. After a haggard night I walked up the road at dawn to examine the morass. If possible I desired cross it and enter the Grange, but as I stood hesitating on the verge of the unsteady ground a woman cried aloud. On looking up I Baw Lady Selwyn balanced above the black water, and in lesB than a minute she waa by my side. " Go away, Mr. Faloise," ahe panted, pushing me backward. " What do you wish ?" " To enter the Grange." " Impossible. It is death to enter," " Nevertheless I will enter." " For what reason ?" I whispered my reply in her ear, as though it were too awesome to be Bpoken aloud. " I wish to marry you. That house holds some horrible secret, which ia blighting your life. Let mein. Tell me what it ia, and I will free you from ita influence." "There ia no aecret,"ahe said, with downcast eye3. " There is ! I am determined to find out its mya tery. Why does tbat red star shine from the tower at dusk ? What ia it that moans in the darkness ?" "You are killing me," she gasped, pressing her hand to her side. " Go away, I implore you, Mr. Faloise, I dare not tell you anything." Then, with sudden defiance, " I will not tell you any- thing, nor will I see you again." I would have folded her in my arms, but with a sudden spring she placed a portion of the morass between us. " You will sink !" I cried, sick with horror, as the ground quivered under her light weight. "No ; I guide myself by the white stones !" she called back. "Good-bye, Mr. Faloise. Do not come here again. It means death to you and to me." She vanished into the house, and daunted by that horrible marsh I dared not to follow her. Slowly I returned to the inn. The east was red with the dawn, but redder than than the east burned the star from the tall tower. 