ÍHE WEEK., f BY the death of Gounod France lias lost one of the most distinguished, if not the LOSS OF GREAT COMPOSER. greatest ot her com- posers. Some critics have been daring enough to deny to \- the French musical genius of the first Alfred John Monson. Who is accused of having hypnotised Lieutenant Dudley Windsor Cecil Hambrough into making a will in Mrs. Monson's favor, and of haying afterwards shot the unfortunate officer, who at the time of the tragedy was a guest at Monson's house in Argyllshire. order, just as the French claims to poetical expression of the higher kind have been questioned too. But if not exactly in the very front rank of those who have been somewhat grandiloquently termed the ** tone poets " the composer of " Faust," and-to take a specimen of works of a different character-of «* The Re- demption " trod very clo ie in their footsteps. Like many other famous men's the genius of Gounod was to some extent a heritage from his mother. It was from her that he learned the elements of music, her own knowledge and appreciation of which were of no ordinary kind. Though his musical ability had shown itself already in an un- mistakable way to competent j udges,Gounod was over 40 when he revealed himself fully to the general public by the production of his " Faust" in 1859-though it was not till some 10 years later that the opera was given with those tin is hing touches which have added eo much to its celebrity. Of its merits it would be superfluous to say any- thing here, lt has been recognised on all hands that the Frenchman has done for the great German poet what none of Goethe's countrymen ever succeeded in do ing,or none of the many other musicians who had previously tried their hands on Goethe's greatest work. \---?-: THE doubts that were entertained about the safety of the Vancouver liner Miowera were.iinforttmatfil v. THE MIO WEB A. founded. The steamer , has gone aground near HoDolulu, andbeiug fast on a rock which 1 is part of a coral reef but slight i hopes are entertained of saving her. } There is some satisfaction in reflecting I that no lives have been lost and that ' the mails and cargo have been saved. The ; mishap is rather unfortunate for the new service ; but the promoter, Mr. Hud dart, hopes to maintain his contract by putting on another steamer. When the proposal for this country's- share of the subsidy was before our own Parliament, it may be remembered that the fact of the service having to be entrusted to two steamers only was referred to as one of the weakpointsinthe undertaking. The contin- gency tuen spoken of, an accident to one of the two steamers, has happened. It will be satisfactory if a steamer can be found to take the place of the Miowera at such short notice as can be given, and faith kept be tween the contracting parties ; but in any casa it would be well if in future Mr. U'uddvrt added an extra string to his butlTt THE Ameer Àbdur Rahman has sold 10,000 H azara captives to nav the exnense A BIG DEAL. -ir- i-^ - - rv--? of the war between the Afghans and the Hazara tribes in 1802. At the time of the second Disraeli Administration PUNCH came out with a cartoon on tho sub- ject of slavery, in which the Premier, and the emissary of a barbarous potentate, much heard of then, were introduced with comically satirical effect. Disraeli, with a gushingly benignant expression of coun- tenance, addresses the Sultan of Zanzibar's envoy, who bows deferentially to the British Minister, and tells him that he hopes the Sultan will do his best to put down slavery. *« 0 sheik Ben-Dizzi," replies the envoy, u the conservative party is very strong in Zanzibar." The same might no doubt be said with reference to the dominion of Britain's Afghan ally and protege, Abdur Rahman. At least, it would supply a tolerably suffi- cient answer to anybody who might won- deringly query as to why slavery of such a wholesale kind could prevail in a country in which English influence had any effect. However, it is quite certain that England has had trouble enough in connection with Afghan affairs, which almost forced them- selves on her attention, to make her wary of meddling with so ancient a " domestic institution" as that of slavery. To the Ameer and his subjects probably nothing could appear more just and reasonable than that their late war with the II az ara tribesmen should be paid in the manner in question. Abdur Rahman, if he troubled himself about precedents in the case, could, course, find plenty in the histories of the of most illustrious conqueiors. Doubtless some of those progressive Asiatics, of whom we have heard so much of late as having THE MOUNT MORGAN GOLD ROBBERIES. Dele.;.ive Gabriel. 1_a A.Ä_i_-n_ Gabriel disguised as a Miner. benefitted by European culture, -would be able to tell the Ameer that, in selling bis captives, he was merely doing what had been done long ago by that famous Roman warrior, who, in such mas- terful fashion, gave the Britons themselves their first idea of what civilisation meant. That the loser should pay, and very often by the sale of his own carcass, was cer- tainly a fact which the " mightiest Julius" brought home in the directest fashion to the Barbarian mind. As is well known, he sent to the slave markets of Rome thousands of the Gauls and Germans whom he had defeated. To be sure Qesar was a Pagan, but Christian conquerors too, and in comparatively modern times, have sold the vanquished into slavery with as little compunction as they might have sold to many cattle. Cromwell so dis- posed of thousands of the Irish after ne 1 ad subdued the country. They were mostly sold to the WeBt Indian plan- ters. The Scots, though naturally less furious objects of detestation to the English Puritans than the Irish Catholics were, in one instance, at any rate, fared no better at Cromwell's hands. Many of the Scots who bad been made prisoners after the *' crowning mercy " of "Worcester, were promptly despatched to Bristol, and thence as slaves to the sugar plantations in Barbadoes. -? FROM Thursday Island comes the newe that another Manila diver has died from TUE DIVERS' PE11IL8. paralysis, through diving in deep water at Darnley leland. Yet another ia reported aa badly para lysed from the same cause. Pearl diving in those waters would indeed appear to be a " fearful trade." That it should be conducted at such a sacrifice of human life as it would seem to involve, at least through the , conditions under which it has hitherto been carried on, ia a very serious reproach to the Queensland authorities. It is they who haye, as most persons are aware, j urisdiction in the quarter in which this perilous occupation is followed. For some of those engaged in it, if not exactly for the divers themselves, it is doubtless a very profitable occupation too. However that may be, some supervision should be instituted. As it is, it appears very strange that diving in the neighborhood in question and in adjacent ones, should be attended with dangers which it is comparatively free from elsewhere. Pearl diving there is at all events a pursuit the deadly risks of which are evidently not far short of wha' soldiers would have to face in a " forlorn hope." -? MEN with crotchets seem to be as fami- liar political phenomena in New Zealand as CROTCHETY PEOPLE. they aro in New South Wales, though with a differ- ence which is hy no means in favor of ourselves. Our own crotcliot-inongers contain a large proportion of merely pretentious asses, however successful thej may be in making still greater asses accept their braying as tho utterances of wisdom. But in New Zealand the number of unquestionably able, if still decidedly crotchety, men to be found in public life, is not email. To begin with, there is the veteran Sir Geo^e Grey himself. In the same lis»-, though considerably below the famous ex-Governor, . is Sir Rob-rt Stout. He has, it appears, been advociting the reform of the Parliamentary system in the direction of having a Ministry appointed by a ballot of the House to hold office during th« current session. Responsible Government would pretty toon become a perfect farce, and an intolerable nuisance as well, if it were thus put up for what would practically amount to a scramble. - The engineering and counter engineering which the rival scramblers would meanwhile resort to vvould bo very likely, indeed, to break tho . record of all previous experience in a similar way-though that too has often been 1 bad enough. YES once more a creature which scep- tics have persisted in relegating to the A TOUGH YARN, region of the unreal has been heard of, and not far from our own shores. Says an Auckland telegram : A sea serpent has been reported a few miles south of Timaru, by the officers of a passing steamer, who assert that the monster had lifted its head 14ft above the water. A " tough yarn " always gains by hoing circumstantially told. In this case, the estimated height to which the sea serpent raised its head recalls what Autolycus declares in the " Winter's Tale " to the astonished rustics concerning the " strange tish which was seen off the coast singing a song against hard-hearted maids. Joking apart, the accounts which have been given from time to time concerning the Bea serpent, and in ? these modern, and it may be added gener- ally misbelieving days, are among the strangest in connection with the his- tory of popular myths, if indeed the idei can be considered as entirely mythical. With respect to the traditions of extraordinary monsters in- habiting the earth, the facts which have come to light, through the researches of the geologists and the labors of the com- parative anatomists, have, as ' we all know, made , the fabulous appear tame enough. " The fairy tales of science " in this as in other respects are indeed the most marvellous of all fairy tales. However, as it has been shown that animals quite as terrific as the legendary dragon or griffin once . lived on our planet, it seenis not at all im- , ; probable that the traditions which have come down the ages respecting these two V particular specimens of the ancient fauna/ had an original foundation of reality« So' in like manner may a plea for the claims o£ the sea serpent be urged. The existence of the sea serpent has been repeatedly vouched for by witnesses whose credibility has never been doubted, at least with regard to other matters. A good many statements as to such nn apparition may, to be sure, pair with some of those snake stories which are regularly told in Australia each time the rolling year brings the season of midsummer. Even when due allowance is made for pure invention in such cases, the seemingly well authenticated reports as to the appearance of sea serpents still make up a remarkable list. Of course it is easy to imagine a skipper or mate, or both perhaps, suffering from an attack of blue devils,and peopling the sea with monsters of all sorts, serpents inoluded. But there are accounts extant, jotted down with all the accustomed conciseness and apparent accuracy of detail which mark the» ordinary entries in a log boob, in which encounters with(the monster are described. At the same time the absolute correctness of the entry is often certified by a cloud of witnesses, Ono of the most curious of these state- ments was made some 25 years ago by the captain, the officers, crew, and passengers of a London ship ou a voyage to India. -.-+ THE Australian war of tariffs and tolls is really only beginning. "Where it is to eud' THE WAR OP TOLLS. only Federationists can fore- see. The Victorian Railway Commissioners have been quick to foresee the effect of the tolls on the Darling River, which New South Wales propose to establish and which Sir George Dibbs referred to in his recent financial statement. The object' of the tolls in question is, of course, to stop the western and north-western wool trade from escaping down the Darlingand flowing into Victoria, and so drive it on to our own railway lines and to Sydney. The Victorians talk of retaliation through the medium of their own railway lines. This is de- lightfully inconsistent. A country that puts an almost prohibitory tax on its neighbors' stock and products can surely not complain when paid back in its own coin. Victorians have been badly bitten by pro- tection, and have now to take a hair of the dog that bit them. -* AT the ace of sixty-three, Mr. H. Har- wood, tho well-known actor, finds himself A PATHETIC KEVEBSE; almost penniless-stripped of the savings of well nigh 40 years' hard work on the Australian stage. He has beon identified with that stage M both as actor and manager. As is well H known, ho has rendered memorable services B Hughes, the Watchman, charged« with robbery from Mount Morgan» Mine. ? in both capacities. It was, we believe when fl Mr. Harwood was associated ia manage* fl ment at the Theatre Royul, Melbourne,that fl the late Walter Montgomery was intro*T , diiced to the Australian public. A loviM Hat of other *' 6tHr3*' rtpp9ared in thisparM of the world owing to the enterprise of Mr. Harwood and his oolleagues. As an actor not many more versatile ones have ever trod our boards. His speciality Jay in comedy and burlesque,and he was admirable in both. But he could essay serious parts with no little success. His ghost in Hamlet may be mentioned as a most capable per- formance. It may be doubted whether in j certain walks of burlesque he has been The Late Maharajah Dhuleep Singh. surpassed by anybody ever seen at this side of the line. Like another very famous comedian (the late G. H. Rogers) Mr. Harwood, though a native of London, had a purely Australian training for the theatre. As an actor, Rogers in his line was, as Harwood is still in his, probably about as good as could be desired. But though happily Mr. Harwod's powers remain unimpaired, everybody will, none the less, regret that at this time of his life hn has to resume his old calling under the spur of absolute necessity. When Sir Walter Scott was ruined through the failure of the publishing house of Constable and Company, George IV., on hearing of it, said : " Let every reader whom Scott has delighted only subscribe a Gd towards him, and he will be one of the richest men in Europe." If the same were to be done for Mr, Harwood by all the playgoers to whom he has fur niahed BO much harmless amusement, the veteran comedian would have a very re- spectable " pile," indeed. A TELEGRAM announces that Mr. J. E. Redmond, the leader of the Parnellite section of the Irish BEDMOND AGAIN. party, declared at an amnesty meeting in Cork that Ireland's leading position in politios was due to the aotion of the dynamiters, which fact had been admitted by Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Redmond's asser- tion is probably based on a passage of a speech of Mr. Gladstone's, which was to the effect that, as a chapel bell reminded people of the time for worship, so had the Glerkenwell explosion called attention to the grievances of Ireland. One could perfectly well understand a Tory election agent raking up this incident to call attention to the influence which the perpetrators of an outrage are supposed to have had on Liberal policy. A mention of the dynamiters might be effective to give some extra voteB to the party desiring to bring back Mr. Balfour and coercion, and keep the dynamiters in durance, but it is hard to see what other purpose it can serve. The dynamiters themselves would probably rather have their past influence left in oblivion until they are outside her Majesty's gaols. THE Maharajah Bhuleep Singh, whose death is announced by cablegram on Octo- ber 23, was for manv THE BLACK PRINCE. years apparently one of the most Euro peanised of Asiatics. On his estate near Thetford, Norfolk, he was known, not only as a supporter of the Christian religion-he had one living at his disposal 1 -but also as an ardent game preserver, a devotee to battue shooting, and the occa- sional entertainer of the Prince of Wales. He seemed in fact "a fine old English gentleman," though of a rather darker color than usual-his tenants spoke of bim as the Black Prince, When, however, the expenses of life as a squire began to tell upon the allowance paid to his highness as an ex maharajah it was soon , seen that his attachment to British ways and to the British Government was not so firmly rooted as he had pretended. He put forward claims asserting that the £40,000 per annum granted him was too little for one whose father had been ruler in the Punjaub, and above all he remembered that he was the hereditary owner of the Kohinoor diamond. When the India Office refused to give him the satisfaction he sought he left England and made an attempt to reach India, so as to follow up a proclamation whioh he had issued to the Sikhs, to gain favor with whom he abjured the Christian religion. Directly the pretender was within Indian jurisdiction, however, when the steamer by which he was travelling touched at Aden (in 1886) the Indian authorities arrested him, and after a short detention he became an exile on the Continent. He went, among other places, to Russia, where he received a certain measure of covert The Late Charles Gounod, the Eminent Musician. encouragement, and also got some mercenary support in France by subsidising minor papers to publish articles favorable to his claims. The Maharajah in time got tired of being an earthly providence to Boulevard scribes who muddled up English and Indian names in their lucubrations con- cerning him and brough c him no nearer his coveted throne. He tried a second manifesto to the Sikhs in 1880, and, soon after, gave up his propaganda, apologised to Queen Victoria and was pardoned. He was received by the Queen at Grasse in 1891\. The Maharajah was twice married, at Alexandria in 1864 and in Paris in 1889, both times to English women. It may be noted that, though Dhuleep Singh had his mis- fortunes, he probably had a quieter life and a more peaceful end than if he had been left in the Punjaub. An elder brother of his had been poisoned there, and another brother broke his neck by a fall from an elephant. - THE boy, Walter Samuel Horne, whose strange death formed the subject . of a A FATAL EXPERIMENT. coroner s inquest, was ap- parently the victim of a most extraordinary practi- cal experiment. The poor boy seems to have had his curiosity aroused in a morbid sort of way with regard to hanging, and to have tried to realise what the sensation produced through suspension by the neck was actually like. From the evidence given at the in- quest it is to be imagined that the boy had got upon a chair in the bath- room, and that, after adjusting the towel round his neck, and probably with the idea that he would try for a moment what the feeling was, he shifted his feet from the chair. No doubt he may have thought that he could easily regain his foot- ing. His equally probable that, in endeavor- ing to do eo, he knocked the chair over. That thia was how he came by bis death, is a more reasonable conclusion than that the lad deliberately committed suicide. It is not difficult to believe as much in view of the undoubted fact that grown . men have often been heard of as indulging in experiments which in any case would have been foolish, and which sometimes have had an unex- pectedly fatal result. We have all heard, of course, of that medical student who so narrowly missed death while visiting the "chamber of horrors" at Madam TusBard's famous waxwork exhibition. Among the curiosities of that chamber, as most persons are well aware, was a struc- ture representing the guillotine used during the French Revolution. The model was the more realistic from the al- leged fact that the axe was the original one of the dread machines which used to stand in Paris, It will be remembered that the student, finding himself alone in the room, got into regular position under the axe, just to " see what it was like." Tobie horror, he suddenly noticed that the string which held the axe aloft had nearly come off the cleat to which it was fastened below, and that if he made the slightest motion the keen blade would soon leave him shorter by a head. . But, aa we all know, too, he was fortunately de- livered from his perilous position. ' The ««Ulster Unionist Parliament," of which a cablegram gives notice, will be a remarkable set off against the contem- plated Home Rulo Parliament. The Ulster Unionists, it is added, have elected a com- mittee of forty to formulate a policy, and have chosen the Duke of Abercorn as their President. There can be little doubt that these people are really in earnest, whether under mistaken impressions or not is quite another question« But if any M. Sadi Carnot, President of the French Republic. thins: could tend to persuade impartial observers that the Irish Unionists are not far wrong after ali, it would be perhaps the recent glorification of the gospel of Dynamite by that distinguished Irish patriot Mr. J. E. Redmond. 