SIB D. CAMPBELL. Sir Donald, aa is generally known, is qnite an encyclopedia of political information, and has thought-out panaceas for many of the ills to which tbe political flesh of the colony is heir. He is of opinion that— "In a country with sooh great natural resources as New South *Walaa it b ead to think there should be suoh a thing as a strong healthy man able and willing to work, and yet unable to obtain work. Yet we are awwe that such is the ease. Moreover, I have seen more distress *nd tbiect poverty, in Sydney than evert saw in the greit'city of Glasgow, notvrithstinding that the latter vity is the commercial capital ot a mountainotls oountry which is 'often visited with a severe winter. WeH. now I ask—'How is this anomaly to be aooounted for f—owing to good 'management on the put of the people living in the conutiy not so richly endowed by nature, and owing to bad .management on the part ot the peopleliving-in thelan^ of suttthlne. .We, have he>m"tdld that we have etatennta Jn this" country with a European reputation. Well, I ahould expeot b> aeBjJbat reputation reflected, .'od the'-statttte-'bobks of thu'-oountry. -but I have ^one over the statues of this tountry vetf carefully, and l failto tee ~the shadow of anything of the kind, or the ghost of a ahaiow. jSTrow. years ago theie were ten thousand men ttnployed constructing railways in this countnr, but the number fell off year by year until ultimately there was not a single man employed in railway construction. To have such a large number ot men employed on : railway construction at one tims was bsid statesmanship, and to have . none at all - employed wsit bad •tateamaothip. To borrow money indiscriminately, Mid spend it' indiscriminately, causes men to come from the other "colonies., and catues men in this country to leave their legitimate callings to share the fiotitious prosperity. As te bow to put our finance on si sound bins, aad improve our credit, the country has been catling for years tor local-government, and every Government that .has been in oBoe for ihe'tast twenty year* ha* promised to pass a Local Government Bill, yet that consideration seems as tar distent as ever. This is no party measure, tot every intelligent person must admit tbe great advantage the country would derive from local government. Can there be tay , doubt that theee local bodies would have a greater knowledge or local - requirements than' the Central Government t The electera of this oountry will aoon be cal'ed npon to return their representatives to Parliament, and I sincerely hope they will not be led away by men with a gift of the gab, who have neither learning, sentiment,-' nor poliey ;'but that they will return honourable men of learning and ability, with a knowledge ot finance, who will grapple <with the subject, and ne allow i the conutiy to sink the deeper into perdition." '.''' • .. . y . n . 