fltfter People's money. This share market during the week has been as dull as might be expected, still speculation must exist to some extent, seeing that men are'"built that way/'' and brokers must do their best to live. The sweet simplicity of no liability mining companies naturally lias its attractions at times like this, and so the principal business was in Bendigo and other gold stocks. There would be a great deal more speculation in mining shares if investors, to use a sporting phrase, could only be more certain of getting a run for their money. As it is, what with sharping rings or syndicates and bungling management, the astutest of investors feels that he has not fair odds of making a profit. Now that members of the stock exchange have some leisure they might discuss some plan for putting into effect the suggestion made in Tabic Talk many months ago to appoint inspectors who will report at intervals on mines quoted on the ollioial list. The weekly mine manager's reports and the half-yearly statements of directors are incomprehensible to the majority of investors. When a mine is first floated into a company there is generally an intelligible report on its prospects and the pro- j posed method of working, but later on nothing can be understood by those who have not seen the mine or studied the plan of the underground workings. Speculators, investors and brokers merely rely on " tips " for guidance in their operations. This week the transactions in Dulcos, Chalks, and Working Minors have boon pretty frequent, but no one seems to have any positive information to account for a change of value in auy of the Maryborough mines. There has boon much activity in Derby and South German shares, reports of the mine workings in both cases being favourable.. Silver shares have been very weak, many dealers being affected by the banking crisis. In investment stocks the only live business lias been in Metropolitan Gas shares and Melbourne Trams. Gas shares fluctuate, hut with a tendency to lower, \- though if the new issue is placed in London at dJlO a rise in Melbourne is sure to take place. Still it will bo impossible to maintain last half-year's dividend on the increased capital Trams have gone as low as lis. ad., and they cannot be considered a first-class investment at par until the balancesheet is published four months lience. No business has beon done in bank shares, not, as the Sydney journals assert, because brokers are in a conspiracy of silence, but on account of members of the excliango resolving that buyers should declare before sellers. When a market is weak more business can generally be done by sellers tempting * buyers, but the Melbourne public torms this " bearing" a Btock, and brokors do not intend to be made scapegoats for brummagem financiers. The new . Act making compulsory the disclosure of the name of the vendor of bank shares also comes into force next month, and as previously explained it militates against genuine buyers holding for a rise and not wishing to lock up their money in shares. Another reason for bank shares not being quoted is that ponding the reconstruction of the Commercial Bank it is impossible to guago the market value of auy bank stock. The financial situation during the week has toeeri I like the spirit which passed before the face of Job, which made the hair of his head stand on end. People are calmer now. They smile wanly, say they were never frightened, and after all ghosts can do no harm. It was what might happen rather than what did happen that caused so ! much dread. The community is recognising the " axiomatic truth" that banking is a co-operative business with credit for its stock-in-trade. The sliaremar-ket is called the barometer of a bank's j credit, and with some exceptions it is so, but deposi! tors and customers must bear in mind that a wellI found ship can weather any storm so long as it has sea-room. Directors could often stay a panic by a little well-timed frankness. One institution during the week has been seeking to prosecute people for " daring to stato their opinion that it could not stand. Such a proceeding is outrageous. Any bank that is sound can prove it, and then its customers flout adverse opinion. The Commercial Bank officials regained public confidence the moment they frankly stated their position, and another bank, by adopting a similar course to any shareholders or customers making inquiries at its hoad office, has averted a storih. The London quotations for Australian bank shares show an uneasy feeling, and a fall in such standard stocks as Bank of Australasia, Union and New South Wales is inevitable considering their high premium. So long as they have to keep large coin reserves and restrict advances, their profits must decrease. The fall in London Chartered from ,£1(3 to £7 in a little over a week, and that of the Queensland National to .£5 is a serious matter, more to shareholders than customers. Little is known here about the business of the Queensland National, but the London Chartered has a very firm hold tliroughout the colonies, it has weathered many storms since 1852, and the directors claim that their system of inspection renders reckless advances almost an impossibility. Like every other bank in Australia, it is much easier to gauge any losses it may make than its profits. According to the March quarterly returns, the general deposits of the London Chartered bank in Victoria were .£2,127,4(54, and the advance £3,535,530, the difference of course being made up by London and other colonial deposits and capital, none of which are shown in the return. The bank has not escaped complications ir connection with large advances on real estate seen cities, some of its Sydney as well as its Victorian juisacfions* being decidedly in need of careful nursing. The' diVefctora, nevertheless, feel confident of^heir position, having' little to fear from depositors at"call. ^ .{'ijhe j?)K£,r£er expires noxt year, and this ma^bavp something to1' do with shareholders' alarm. 'S<£nfyjt^rteetf' or so ago the management had got iritd.iugVa'ktate'' of caution from the " Berry blight" that dividends became very small, and it was stated not long afterwards that nearly £4,000,000 had been returned to London, because the management was not satisfied with the security offering in Australia. The article on Victorian public finances in the Economist of March 4 is of the slashing kind, but its effect on the minds of English investors is considerably discounted by the figures and statements being supplanted by the revisions of the present ministry. The revenue lias not decreased as anticipated. The " pronounced reluctance of the constituencies to relinquish tiie large hold on the Treasury which they possess, a reluctance that Treasurers are not likely to openly face at present," has been abandoned. The policy of retrenchment is being accepted, and the necessity of the people producing more and wasting less has been" not only recognised but enforced. The Mercantile!Bank prosecutions have boon continued before the Police Magistrate this week in a way which precludes the supposition that the charges will be disposed of without committing the jjrisoners for trial. Counsel for the defence have raised additional points of contested evidence which it is utterly impossible for Mr. Pantou to decide. Most of the time has been occupied with the examination, cross-examination, re-examination, and re-cross-examination of Mr. II. G. Turner, the general manager of the Commercial Bank. His evidence was almost entirely confined to the circumstances in connection with the advance of .£100,000 to the Mercantile Hank shortly before the February ba ance-slieet was" made out. Mr. Turner stated there was nothing unusual in making the advance ' by way of deposit " to strengthen the bank's position." He knew nothing of the minute of the Mercantile Bank directors, stating that the advance was to he obtained " in view of the approaching halfyearly balance," and acknowledged that tho minute threw a different light on the transaction to that in which lie had previously viewed it. Questioned and cross-questioned Mr. Turner bluntly let out that the "plain English of tho matter was that the Commercial Bank was very glad to get out of its obligation to lend the Mercantile Bank ,£100,000 on any terms." The affairs of tho Imperial Banking Company xire again in prominence. Nearly £214,000 calleotod from calls and customers for distribution to the creditors is now looked up in the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank, and in addition Mr. Minogue, the Crown Law officer appointed to investigate tho bank's books with a view to prosecution, if necessary of directors and officials, has discovered defalcations to tho amount of about £19,000. Alfred Teale, a former clerk, and John F. O'Shoa, a former accountant, have been arrested charged with theft, the one of £492, the other of £500. Teale was ai-rested working on a small selection he had taken at South YVarragul, and O'Shea was found at Windsor. Tiik examination of Mr. J. L. Dow in the Insolvency court on April 19, is a most interesting exposition of the methods of speculation during the b\jom period. Mr. Dow's schedule shows debts 25,083, and assets £1148. He was paying all he ild out of his salary of £1500 as Minister of Lands m 1886 to 1890. He mude an application for the release of his estate from the court on March 24, before he filed his complete schedule, because he wanted to regain his seat in Parliament, as he was going to impound his salary in advance and give a certain sum to his creditors, which they agreed 'to take as release. This frank statement raises the question whether any other members of the Legislative Assembly " impound their salaries in advance,'' and if so, whether the Treasurer honours such orders. Mr. Dow states he kept no books, just jotting memos of his speculations on the backs of old envelopes. The principal transaction on which Mr. Dow was examined was the purchase by a syndicate of the Riclimondvale Estate, of 4478 acres at Maitland, New South Wales. -It appears that Mr. John Scholey, ex-mayor of Waratah, sold the land to Mr. Eelix Kabat for £35,000, who transferred it to a syndicate, of which he was a member, for £08,000 or so; Mr. Dow's contribution as a member of the syndicate being £8532. The other members of the syndicate were Messrs. Gr. Withers, l'\ Kabat, J. Rigg, J,. R. Rigg and H. Kaul. Mr. Dow only gave promissory notes for his payment. Mr. J. R. Rigg was sent to 'London and on his return about six months ago'stated-he thought they, could sell the land, which is supposed to be valuable for coal mining, for £150,000. Mr. Dow preA'iously had thought he could sell the property ■■ in New South Wales, and he was to aslc £250,000. Asked about his conversations concerning the, property with Mr. Dillon, Mr. Dow said lie had nothing to do with that gentleman; excepting that he was manager.of the bank, financing the property. Mx*. Dow did not know the extent to which the Standard Bank was interested in the property.. The insolvent was ordered to file an account of all his transactions Avitli Mr. Kabat from 1888^to""datc~Lof" sequestration, and.the examination was 'iadjourned" till May 15. ' . " f >'V" 