SPORTING. Bv ' Mascottk.' . Fullerton, tho winner of the 1890, 1891, and 1892 English Waterloo Cup, who was a warm favorite for the Cup now being contested, was run out in the second round. Sir E. Keys, the owner of KK., was so taken up with Goldtop at the Coota mundra races that lie made a bid to take the horse home with him, but ] failed to induce tho owner to part. | Rumour says further that ho left a commission in Wagga to purchase the horse at a price bordering on four figures. A view of Mr Donald Wallace's Lerderbercr stud farm and photo, prints of Carbine, St. Odille, with a foal by Carbine, are given in the Pictorial De partment of the Australasian last issue. ' Terlinga ' writes : — Ravenswing looks like one of the best outsiders in this Newmarket Handicap. Accord ing to Mr Barnards estimate of her form when framing the weights for the Oakleigh Plate this mare is remarkably well in at Flemington. The New market weights came out before she ran such a creditable race in the Toronga Handicap. Out Caulfield way Wild Rose and Fortunatus continue to please tho critics, but Redfearn has taken to sending Beverley in the dark. This is seldom a good sign. It so often means that the trainer is frightened to allow his horse to be seen, and, more over, these mysterious animals are pro verbially unlucky. Malolo goes well off and on, and both Malvolio and Glenloth seem to be galloping regu larly and getting through their tasks in satisfactory style. The advent of Redleap will serve to enliven the dul ness at Caulfield. Mr Miller finds the track at Mill-park too hard for the big fellow, and he is to finish his Austra lian Cup preparation on the heath. Talking of the Australian Cup reminds me that the Flemington folks speak in the highest terms of The Admiral. He is going great guns, and should St. Hippo not be at his best on the day of I Mm Ancfenlinn P!nr\ All* OfinVs llOPSfi will have the support of many of the early birds who see him work. T. Payten's candidates for the long race are a puzzle to the touts, but I have little doubt that Camoola will be the pick of the three if ho keeps well. He did not gain friends by his gallop on Tuesday, but he is generally voted better in appearance than he was in the spring. A Sydney turf writer says : — No horse could appear better to the eye than Bungebah at the present time, and he may yet have to be reckoned with in the Newmarket Handicap. His stable mates, Buccleugh and Melos, also look and go well. I think whichever Raynor starts for tiie New market will about win, though War paint will be a hard nut to crack. I have heard a quiet whisper that Hero is quite as well as when he did those wondrous deeds at Randwick in the spring. If such is the case then he will run well, as with Ellis up he will havo a rider who will get it all out of him. (Ellis was suspended at Epsom on Tuesday). Our rowing champion, James Stan hury, left last Monday in tho Alameda for San Francisco. With him was Alec. McLean, from Shoalhaven. The ex-champion, William Beach, was pre sent with a few others to see him off. Beach, just prior to the boat leaving, presented Stanbury with a purse of 73 sovs., which had been collected. Though Wanganella, by Marvellous from La Belle, was injured last Decem ber, it was only last week that she was taken out of the slings. Her recovery has been very slow, and oven now she is very far from right ; in fact it is doubtful if she will ever be'able to race | again. Still, being a full sister to Marvel, and having given evidence of her ability to gallop, the saving of her for a brood mare is something. The dam of Bungebah — Aveline — has this season thrown a filly foal to Cranbrook. This combination should produce something able to gallop. It is rarely that a race meeting is postponed after a commencement has been made on account of several of the competitors falling in the first event. This happened last Saturday at the meeting held at Tarcutta, when out of seven starters for tho Maiden Plate five fell, one, a horse called Oberon being killed. The meeting was then post poned for a week. ' Augur's Ghost' in the Narandera Argus writes.: — Just after the conclu sion of the billiard tournament on 'Ron Anrlrow ilinr and W. Sullivan wero playing a game of 100 up, during the progress of which Mr A. Myers offered to hack Andrew for £25 to play Sullivan 500 up, but with no response. Andrew also offered to back himself for £10. A match be tween these two would be most interest ing. With the heavy burden of lOst 71b in tho' saddle, Highborn was defeated in the Metropolitan Stakes at Calcutta on January 10. Whinibrol won tho race carrying 9st 71b, while Ivo, 9st 71b, boat Highborn by a head for second place. Highborn is said to havo lost tho race because of being blocked. Ho was a hot favorite, 2 to 1 on being his price in a field of ten. Ernest, by Emulation, won the City Plate, and Simpleton carried 12st 71b, and cantered in for the Tally-ho Hurdlo Race. The Englishman, says that Simpleton has been bought by tho Maharajah of Cooch- Behar. Mr S. R. Heseltine, a inomber of tho Adelaide Racing Club committee, has been appointed secretary of the club in succession to Sir D. Dunlevio of ' Dil Ion ' notoriety, who retired last week in consequence of some irregularity in connection with his accounts. Dan O'Brien's Freedom, by Captiva tor, from Maid of Honor, was shipped on board the Wakatipu last Saturday, en routo for Wellington. The honor of making the highest score over reached in a cricket match in Australia, claimed until Saturday by W. Bruce, the M.C.C. batsman, now goes to F. Laver, of East Melbourne, who on Saturday carried out his bat against St. Kildn, for 352, a score mado up of two 5's, 49 4's, 17 3's, 19 2's, and 57 singles. Layer's innings extended over three days, and his play on tho first two days was perfect ; but on Saturday he gave a couple of chances. His achievement was duly recognised at the close of the East Mel bourne innings, Mr A. E. Clarke, the president of the club, inviting those present to drink the batsman's health. Next to Lavcr's the three highest in dividual scores, so far as Australian cricket is concerned, aro those of W. Bruce, 328, not out, R. McLeod 324, and W. L. Murdoch 321. 