? JI ii. G KOIIG E DAUUELL has produced yet another ~iMisitinnuI Australian drama out of his prolific knowledge box, and when be started iu to write it in- apparently determined to adopt what is known a.- I lie hurricane stylo of lighting—a style which .insists in !, r oing for your opponent from the •tai l-, dazing him and allowing him no chance to i i'. over until ho is finally knocked out. The a iirliiMice is tlie dramatist's opponent,and this is the in inner—the hurricane manner—in which he gets ill over him in the play of " Life for Life." The lirst round takes place in a room in the Dunedm !l .-[lital where there are two doctors, a dispenser, .mil a matron. Those may be said to be the chief . naniclers, anil all that George Darrell wants is a in ly to get up a sensation. Of course, there is no ililliculty on this score, especially in the Himi'ilin Hospital, where the walls are sliding •iiVairs, which draw up at the bidding of the • 1 ivmntist and reveal the interior of the ward. The two doctors are in love with the matron, the Utter being the dispenser's daughter. One doctor i.if the cold-blooded, cruel type, and the villain of the play, whilst the other is of the butterwoiilil-not-melt-in-his-mouth type. Isabel, the matron, of course, likes the refrigerating-creaniery young man, but old Goiver, the dispenser, favours I lie suit, of the her-rutal young medico. The doctor and the dispenser know that there is a patient in the ward who has—such a likely vai n of a hospital—.£2000 in bank-notes under his pi How. Having caluily arranged to poison the miser for his money, the wall moves up to show the dying miser in his bed. This is done to show that, there is no deception and to assure the audience from the very start that they are going to gel: their full money's worth of gore. There is nothing mean about Darrell when he .commences to ladie out the blood. The miser having made a few pertinent remarks about his gold, the wall drops and the audience are left on the tenterhooks of expectation. An impossible pressman, Ueorge himself, is introduced along with the matron's sister, on whom George is sweet, and alter George has given away the evening paper reporter's method of obtaining news, the wall goes up again, and the miser gives his money in trust to flie refrigerating-creamery doctor,receives from his hand the drugged potion, innocently administered, and dies. The matron conies into the ward, looks on the body, says "He is not asleep, lie does not move, he is inanimate, ho does not breathe; this must he serious," a conelusion from the symptoms with which the audience is inclined to agree. When the matron goes oil' to call the police or the • oroner, the bcr-rutal doctor comes in, makes a < ursory search for the money, exclaims—" Ah ! it i- not here ; then I will accuse the refrigerating- . reamery young doctor of the robbery." The wall closes down again, the police are called in, • iiid conduct the case iu the usual lofty manner of btage policemen. Search him! I arrest you for the wilful murder! I am innocent! And i lie dead man's money found in your breast pocket-? 1 can explain! Who will believe your story ? I will—I—Isabel, though all the world. &e.;, &c.; My own 1 Take him away! I'lcture. End of scene one. Yes, all that is in the first scone, and there are six scenes in the lirst act. That's what we mean by saying that Parrell is a hurricane fighter, and does not give iii.s audience any time to spat' for wind. » » # * An indefinite period of time is supposed to .•lapse between the first and second scenes, for the moment after the arrest we are outside the gaol, and learn that the refrigerating-creamery young man has already been tried once for the murder > t the miser, but that- the jury having failed to :r, r rce, he is now being tried again. Wo are hurried away to the outside of the Court House, u here we learn that this time the jury has again •Unagreed, and whilst we are wondering how long i iiis sort of thing is to go on, George Darrell, who has been reading up Boucicault's " Shaughraun," gels into the accused's col], and effects the release oi the prisoner by changing clothes, receiving the -Siot intended i'»r the escaping prisoner and i'"vonliu" himself a la Conn at the end of the act. * * * * Another indefinite period of time is supposed to el.qise, so that it is not- at all surprising to find t hat all the characters have gone to the Hokitiki diggings, where Reporter George is happy in the Possession of a blue shirt and a red sash, the i-Irigerating-creamery young man, still innocent and still hiding from justice, is prowling around in a Miassive beard and an equally massive red shirt. 1 »M Gower, the dispenser, has become a confirmed tippler, and the ber-rutal doctor has become the husband of the ox-matron of the hospital. She I-. ithes her husband, but she marries him to save li-r father's good name—they always do, these -matrons. The fact that he helped to murder the miser, and didn't get any of the boodle after all. preys upon the ex- dispenser's mind, and he devotes himself energetically to diggings, drink and seeing visions. Then just to give the old b oz.er something to see and howl about, there i . ines along a dumb man who is looking for his twin-brother. The twin-brother is the murdered mi.-er, and the dumb man fraternally devotes his li'-time to strolling about diggingses, and r-yarding personsin an admirably inane way. He 1 . d;s at George Darrell, but is convinced that no murdered miser would ever invest in a blue shirt -iiidared sash. Then he casts hiseyepromiscuously ... ,-r old Gower, leading the dispenser to imagine that- his victim's ghost is haunting him, and finally gazing on Isabel in a vain hope that she may turn out to be the murdered miser in disguise, the dumb witness meanders around the stage, and finally retires within himself. Lest the dumb witness should give the jim janii to t he audience as well as to old G.jwer, the residents of the diggings cheerfully organise an Irish dance in honour of St. Patrick's night. As the play is now half-way through it is time that the plots should show signs of thickening, and it is not difficult to make them thick and slab, now that the author has got hold of a dumb witness for a spoon to stir them up with. Isabel sees it all now—it's about time shedi i something to justify lier claim to be a heroine in a sensition drama. She sees it all now. and feels that she is an accomplice iu the murderof the miser. Byway of atonement she makes it as uncomfortable as possible. She cuts olT her father's liquor and haughtily tells her husband that she is his wife in name only, that she will wotk for him, slave for him and do other things that he doesn't ask, but as to givingliirn a wifo's love, never, with about as much guttural accent on the never as Miss Edith Hlande's voice is capable of. The ber-rutal husband says he'll seo about that, if there is law in the laud, and as the best method of moving the matrimonial court he resolves to turn bushranger. Meanwhile the refrigeratingcieamery in the red shirt has been recognised and arrested, and the ber-rutal husband is also taken in charge, probably for being at large upon a sl-agegoldfield without a coloured shirt, and the two prisoners are taken off by the gold-escort in Cobb's coach. Some fierce infighting on the part of th^ author uow takes place, and the audience begin to feel groggy in their attempt to follow the succeeding " glorious hour of crowded life." George Darrell, with the omniscience of a dramatic author, "sees it all now," and he and Isabel resolve to do various things if it costs them their lives. The chief object of their resolution is to rescue the refrigerating-creamery's red shirt, even, as Isabel puts it, if it stood upon the gallows. As she has only just risen from a bed of illness, it is quite natural that she should mount a horse aud ride after the escort, G-eorge Darrell accompanying her. Some comic bushrangers, headed by Charlie Brown, prepare to stick up the escort by placing a tree across the road. George and Isabel are in hiding •when' the escort drives in on a Cobb's coich. • '' ' 1 ; . " Hello, there's a tree across tbesroad," says the head of the escort ; " we must" camp here till morning." •• ' .i,;-.'. This brilliant suggestion is adopted, the handcuffed prisoners are strapped one_J;o a tree and the other to a wheel ot the coaah,"-when "the;bushrangers make an attack. George Darrell; who is hiding behind the tree, releases the red-shitted young man, who immediately leaps up behind Isabel on the fiery, untamed steed, and is borne off to safety by that invalid young woman, whilst bushrangers, police and George Darrell get inextricably mixed up all over the shop. The end now rapidly approaches. Remorse and rum combined are too much for the old dispenser. As his last moments are approaching, and absolute rest and quiet are necessary, everybody comes into his room and talks loudly—all except the dumb witness, who contents himself by gazing idiotically on whilst the dying dispenser makes, in the full glare of the limelight, his confession. There being no further use for him, the dispenser obligingly dies, and the dumb witness and the constable evaporate. Isabel fiuds her father dead, and the ber-rutal husband finds Isabel. As she has discovered his secret, he declares it is necessary to kill her, but " I'll carry her over the ranges—I can manage the jib better there." This cheerful assassin throws Isabel 07er his shoulder, and staggers off to his private slaughterhouse, leaving the corpse of the dead dispenser in undisputed possession of the shanty. The calmly-- resigned manner in which everybody takes the old boozer's death is thoroughly original. Even his other daughter, Lilian, mentions it in the most matter-of-fact. way. " I called at the house," she says to George ; " I found my father dead, and my sister nowhere to be seen;" and then, without any further reference to her father, she insists upon George taking her to the " rrll-up," which, it appears, is the New Zealand expression for going to see a man hanged according to Lynch law. This" roll-up " is quite au event iu the neighbourhood. Everybody in the piece goes to see it—that is, everybody except the dead dispenser. Before the interesting execution, however, the ber-rutal husband feels that he must do a little roll-up on his own account. He brings on his wife and determines to cut her throat. He takes her inside his hut, and is supposed to be getting on with his butchering whilst pieparations are being made to hang Comic Charlie Brown, the bushranger. Just as Charlie is about to be " rolled-up " the police interfere. Then the ber-rutal husband, finding some unexplained difficulty in the way of cutting his wife's throat, hits upon the happy idea of burning her and the hut together. There is a pantomime rally, everybody that isn't, shot or arrested iB released and made happy, and a thoroughly vanquished audience walks out into the cool evening air—to cool its fevered brow aud muse " Can such things be, And overcome us like a summer's cloud Without our special wonder ?" # • * • Mr. Darrell has given up playing the suffering lovers in his own dramas, and in " Life for Life" he undertakes the character of Samuel Soutar, a pressman. This is a light-hearted ubiquitous individual, and enables the Australian-autlioraetor to flutter, lightly and airily, through four acts of mauy and exciting scenes. The suffering lover in this piece is enacted by Mr. ltobert luman with appropriate resignation, whilst the ber-rutality of the other doctor is properly emphasised by Mr. Greenaway. Mr. Kelly goes through the part of the dumb witness without making any severe demand upon the prompter, and Mr. George Carey gives a really clever and powerful rendering of the character of the tremulous dipsomaniac dispenser, his acting throughout being marked by force without exaggeration. Miss Edith lilande makes an imposing Isabel, and Miss Ida Ilerberte is satisfactory in the unimportant p*rt of the sister. The low comedy is in the hinds of Miss Jennie Lee and Mr. A. G. Poulton, both of whom make the most of it. " Life for Life" is well staged, and is announced for repetition every evening until further notice. THE last nights of "The Mountebanks " at. the Princess' Theatre are announced. The opera has had a good run considering the times, although it cannot be classed as a phenomenally successful one. It must iu fairness to the company and the management be admitted that the manner in which the piece has been mounted and played cannot he blamed for the failure of the opera to " catch on " to the same extent as its predecessors. Without wishing to detract from the late Alfred Collier's musical ability, it is evident that he lacked Sir Arthur Sullivan's power to catch the taste of all classes, nor can it be said that Jlr. Gilbert has been as happy in the libretto of " The Mountebanks " as heretofore. The play has been mounted at the Princess' in the most lavish style, and the " furniture," scenic,choral and orchestral, leave nothing to bo desired. The principals all work well and willingly, aud. to use a raciug expression, get every ounce out of the parts. Miss Flora Graupner and Jlr. George Lauri make the most of their opportunities in the amusing automatic- scenes, aud Mr. Howard Vernon carries out the character of the mountebank thoroughly, even to the plate and ball juggling. Mr. Ryley's rendering of the chief of the secret society of the Tamorrus is full of humour, and Mr. Bracy is seen and heard to great advantage, as Alfredo. Misses Ida Osborne and May Pollard fulfil all the vocal requirements of the characters of Ultrice ana Teresa, their quartette (with Messrs. Bracy aud Lissan) in the first act being one of the most successful numbers in the piece. It is announced that " The Mountebanks " will be withdrawn after next week, when "La Cigale" will be revived for a few uights, to give place in turn to "'The Vicar of Bray." THB Allmmbra Palace of Varieties (nee Opera House) has been drawing fair business during the week, the new bill of fare being apparently to the public taste. The company now numbers some B.ixty artists, amongst whom at present the bright particular stars are the Marvenies, Mr. Frank M. Clark, Miss Plorrie St. Clair, and Master Zetter. The last-mentioned will be remembered as the clover boy-vocalist, whose imitations of Mr. Lonnen were so much relished by the public during the run of the last pantomime at the Piiucess' Theatre. THE attempt to get the Bijou Theatre well into the race for public favour again has not been successful. Mr. Ainory Sullivan tried to catch on with " The Adventuress," and proposed to followup with" Quicksands," of Gilbert A'Beckutt. The quicksands of luck were, however, too difficult to escape, and the Bijou Theatre is once more on the " resting " list. AT ' S K . i , ' J i l l 1 the Marvellous Steens hare "^KMn piyMif.ving the public by rtieit' exhibitions *of-*vvliut they call " Steeno- 'gEaphyl)'t*' ^fcp 11 V^t seemingly one of the SdefiestAjf' Whjfurors, and £frs. Martha E. Steen displays powers of t^Wfht-reading and clairvoyance tTujt.slmply!baljleall reasonable attempts at explanatibu^jSpfrB tests proposed and submitted to by this lady are such as to preclude any chance of confederacy; and the rapidity with which she gives lier answers makes one believe with Hamlet "that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." To those who like mystery without the slightest hope of finding out how it is done, we strongly advise a visit to the Steens at St, George's Hall. THE complimentary benefit tendered by the dramatic profession to Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Win das came off on last Friday evening at the Alexandra Theatre in the presence of a large house. The programme was a lengthy and varied one, and gave unqualified satisfaction to all present. Mrs. Windas and Miss Winnie Windas appeared in " The Serious Family,"and were highly successful, whilst the character-sketch of " Buttercup Joe," by Mr. Windas himself, brought down the house. THE patronage of the public at the Waxworks still continues. Professor Davis and Miss Grace Stanley's wonderful second-sight seances prove mysterious and puzzling to all beholders, whilst the opportunity of speaking and listening to Bellamy Southern, the man without a memory, is eagerly availed of by the curious. 