THE TWO MAGDALENES. (Translated from the German for the National Advocate). ' Close lo one of the most dangerous passes of the snow-clad Alps which girdle romantic Switzerland there rise the moss-grown ruins of what ouce was one of the most famous chapels in that country — ruins, and yet not so, for relieved by the frame which the hand of Nature created and Time has since so beautified there remains, apparently im noiMclv.l.ln on In n'll -l,n brilliant and yet chaste coloring which only the mighty hand of thedead masters could give there still vests a wonderful picture of the Magdalene, a kneeling figure exquisitely beautiful, with hands clasped against the knees, and face up raised to Heaven, illumined with the in effable contentment of the sinner's repentance. That picture has a history, one of the most remarkable known to the world of art. It was painted some centuries tigo by a master as much re nowned for his genius as he was for his wicked infidelity. He believed not in God, and he hated his fellow man with all that intensity of which his passionate heart was capable, and so, although he -was admired for his extraordinary gifts, i he was still looked upon with horror, if not loathing, even by those who liked his work the best. Consequently he lived a retired and secluded life, until one day a great Prince of the Church came with all the pomp, and pride, and ceremony of his exalted office to ask him to paint the altar mentioned, the chapel being but newly erected, so that the children of all nations passing that way might thank the Almighty for their deliverauce and preservation in the numerous dangers sur rounding their journeys across the Alps. The artist at first refused the offer with scorn, but almost immediately, struck with au afterthought, accepted it. De sirous of demonstrating the hideousness of his nature he conceived a plan by which he might accomplish a purpose, although in the House of God, yet still in the cause of Satan. He consented to paint a repentant Magdalene condition ally that lie was permitted to write be neath it his name and designation, in whatsoever form might- best please him. Little dreaming of his intention, the Prince of the Church consen'ed, and so but; tiiusi- jjitimcu iuu iiiugiuui;cuir uuu ception which still denes the seasons on the noble eminence where rest the ruined pillars that once supported its sculptured roof. He painted it from sittings given him by one of the fairest of the fair vil lagers — a peasant girl true, but gifted with a degree of, beauty, rare even among the women of a land whose virtue is not less famous than this evanescent quality which caused that one to be his chosen model. The result of the study was the com pletion ono Christmas morning of an exquisite figure, the face of which was filled with such peace and resignation that sinners after gazing on it went hence, with hope new-born in their hearts, and with souls purified in the determination of atonement. Such was the genius of the master; but on the hem of the garment hi? colors had robed about that repentant figure, the hand that had done so much that was marvel lous, when the air was breathing the music of the angels—glory to God in the highest— inscribed the following : — Not for the glory of God but for the fame of the artist, which name he signed in great Roman Lonoofl, A few months later this won derful artist caught the plague that was then raging throughout Europe, and, dying, was 'buried in tho small village churchyard. The eyil, though, that men do, lives after them — the spirit of the dead refused to rest in that wonderland, the portals of which had just opened to it, and so, troubled with the deeds of the clay casket that had held it in tho life temporal, commenced to haunt the shrine which its one time master had made so famous. It was believed that the ghost of the dead man walked abroad when night owls shriek and. graveyards gape, and palette in hand .till cock crow every morning sought to efface the blasphemous line upon the hem of that marvellous garment. Bathed in the moonlight it worked at the labor of obliteration night by night, but every day. when broke on high the dawn- blush in which, so many poets allege, expires the magic melody of the Bulbul, the colors so created faded away like the mists about the chapel corners, and bolder and bolder grew the inscription of the departed infidel. Ten years later a strange woman re turned from the cities of riotous gaiety. Who, in her ragged garments, her bowed and hopeless form, her haggard face and streaming ? hair would have recognised the model of tho picture, the innocent maiden when she sat for the picture of the repentant mined one? — the sinner re-: turning to the shrine where she had learned to love the artist who had betrayed her ? Who would have recognised so much in that most wretched creature ? — who, indeed, as gasping with the exertion of ascending the steep, with her poor shoeless feet lacerated and bleeding, she . reached out ? her trembling arms to the presentment of wlinf. q!»a Anno wna in lipnnf.v onrl r\mv ! was in spirit, and fell sobbing at the foot of the shrine. Her return was made on Christmas morning, 10 years precisely since the. artist had laid his brush aside to cry ' Behold !' And there, with her wealth of golden hair falling about her grief bowed shoulders ; there, with hor I ?thin hands pressed in attituto of prayer ; there she knelt, her face raised as tho picture's was, so that the spirit of the glorious anniversary of tho- Birth of Man's new Hope, falling upon tbem softened her features until they mellowed into tho light which the artist had caught auove in uappier anu uriguici uays ; tun while there entered her soul a voice which again whispered tho glad tidings which were [first told the wise men of old beneath the Star of Bethleham. There kneh the dead and the living — tho presentment of ruined inncconce that was painted from innocence that was not ruined ; the living embodiment now, of what that wonderful picture was in tended to convey when it was painted. There they knelt in silence, the immortal creation of the dead betrayer seeming to pray for her whose beauty had given the colors birth, aud form, and existence, whilst the sun sank down over the peaks that sparkled as though in reflection of their tears, and the calm moon rose to bathe all nature in a new and milder gl°ry' * &nd; tho spirit of the dead infidel walke(L -.abroad. .for- the last time. It neared the shrine and stood beside the figure whose soul was even then passing away from the temporal habitation to the life spiritual. Its culd hand, but 0 how gently, touched tho bowed repentant head before it, and the Magdalene be holding and realising, rose to her feet and placed her trembling fingers upon that fatal line : — Not for the glory of God but for the fame of the artist. - The blood gushed from her mouth in a torrent; it splashed through .her fingers ; it .obliterated the words of her betrayer, all but, 'for the glory of God.' It was his expiation and lier's. a s? * The spirits of the repentant sinners, hand in baud passed through the portals that guard Eternity to the Bliss of the Forgiven. Frankfort. 