BREVITIES. ' I A ' ' ' Dust. , Heat. - Daces. High winds. Ghoppittg matches, . More J.P'g. wanted. . Fedoral Band in Laitncestorl. Curious" cattle disease at Sheffield. Federals complimented in Launceston. Court of General Sessions this morning. Serious damage to fruit trees with tho high winds in the South. The Morve.ns admit that the Federal 3 are the champion. country hand. Thanks ! Trying to capture the individual who ; haunts Hampden-street, and follows be- bighted femalea. The Hampden-street ghost supposed to be a man well advanced in years, and Grounded to death with Cupid's shafts. ' The Order of the Bath conferred on Beveral Latrobe boys in Launceston. Thursday was. a regular scorcher in Melbourne ; a regular hot-wind gale blow- ' : , Alarming! bush fires are reported from Victoria. Thousands of pounds damage. London wool .sales brisk and prices firm. Her Majesty the Queen starts from Florence on the 15th. Anchor liner Tritiacria wrecked at Corurika, and 87 passengers and crow drowned. The damage done by floods in Queens land is estimated at .£2,000,000 sterling. London wool sales weakening somewhat. Tjord Elgin declines the governorship of Hew South Wales. South Australia spent .£258,124 .in excess of revenue during last half of 1892. The Queensland flood waters have reached Brisbane, and have caused im mense damage.' ' British trade for January shows a falling off to the amount of .£6,480,000. . Native King of Gilbert Islands objects to , British annexation, and prefers American. : There were earthquake shocks at Zante during the visit of King George of Greece.: " Choleraic epidemic at Marseilles. Fifty deaths reported. ' United States Senate has ratified extra dition "treaty. with Russia. 'Melbourne Tramway directors propose tqlimit reduction in. wages to. 5 per cent, instead of 30 per cent. . as first decided oil. M. Grevy has sent- Panama Canal Com pany liquidator a. cheque to cover amount he received from promoters in 1888. Czarevitch's recent visits to Vienna and Berlin has. created cordial feeling, between the three Emperors. . . . Trust Agency Company of. Australasia contemplates increase of capital to extent of half a million. "Sir'Henry Parkos cheerfully acquieces in Mr Beid continuing Opposition leader in . N. S. Wales Parliament, . New South Wales Government aro re ceiving support from Opposition members, the condition being that .the Mining on Private Property Bill shall he pushed on. Brisbane a ruined city. Havoc and deso lation indescribable. :- Lad named Walker, aged 15, employed in "Audit Office, . Sydney, has committed saicide. Gas explosion in E.S., and A.C. Bank, Sydney. Two severe casualties. . . Terrible bush fires raging in Nymagee 'district, N.S. Wales. Home Bale Bill may probably be intro duced in the House of Commons on Hon day next. . Home Secretary denies that there is any intention to set at liberty Daly, the dyna- luitnrd. Befugee Jews are on the way to Aus- tralia. Lord Brabourno ' (Edward Knatchbull HngeBsen) is dead. News of the Queensland floods disaster, coming vta Sydney, is appalling. Melbourne wool sales still show keen com petition. Bank failure at Florence. Deficiency two million lire. Manager and cashier arrested. Lord Brassey elected President of tho . Imperial Federation League. United States, legislators by no moans unanimous on the Hawaiian question. . Bar silver shows an advance of l-16tli . per oz. since the 2nd inst. Sensational finds of large gold slugs re ported from Mnrchison, W.A. Resignation of the Agent-Generalship . "of Victoria by Mr James Munre lias been accepted. Proposal to refer Totalisater Legalising ' Bill to a Select Committee of the New South Wales Assembly has hean' negatived. United States people have participated in the Paaama plunder, though some lost money. Proposed repeal of Silver Purchase Act rejected by United States" Sen ate. Argentine settlers revolting against a "wheat tax. Overdue steamer City of Peking has ar rived safely at San Francisco, Seventh Dragoon Regiment now in . Bengal under orders to prepare to proceed to Europe. Ministerial assurance again given that the New Zealnnd Government does not intend to. borrow at present. Leading London bankers think Colonial Bank of Australasia should promptly take over Federal Bank as a going concern. The Premier of Victoria has been re elected for Castlemaine by a majority of 824\. Other Ministers " re-elected un opposed. Temperance bodies in West Australia protest strongly against partial opening of hotels on Sunday's ; Mr J. Augus Sutherland is .equipping an Austalian exploring party to'traverse un known country between, the Goose and Giles routes. Also to search for Leichardt relics. Mr Labouchere has withdrawn his pro posed amendment to the Address-in Reply, after receiving satisfactory explanation re Uganda affairs. New South Wales Government, having an accession of three, more supporters, :giving a majority of six, will again proeeeed with public business. 