THE HOUSE-RACING BUSINESS. SIR,-Iiismore races are over for another year. As a fellow citizen, I iutond to analyse this racing busi ness a little. I take it for gruuted that every man who will read thi» will have been taught about the resurrection from tho dead of the mm called Jesus Christ. To bring it closer home to us, I respectfully ank, Have any of vou tried to raise a dead man ? You cannot dare, /or purposes of fraud even, to iinnouiice a resurrection. Mow much greater thau the power of any of us mu»t he the power of Him, who, in His own inhereut strength returned to life from the craved And *' such evidence as might be adduced for the resurrection lms never broken down." He (/if/rise fr«»m the grave, ami by thatact proclaims the right which He now exercises of questioning and controlling the doings of all other men. Let us see how He act*. If uuy of you saw the Kight Rev. Dr. Doyle, the Itev. A. Poole, the Rev. \V. F. Croigie, *3Xr. Walker, Captain Hooker, or the Kev. B. Lune occupyiug themselves as respectable (?) 44 pencillerson Thursday and Friday, and thea occupying their various po-itions as usual the next Sunday, what would you thiuk ? You would thiuk there "was a liole iu* the saucepan somewhere, I trow, you would begiu to revise your theology. But because of the resurrection, no living mm has a right to be iu a place where one of Christ's servants ought not to be, or to dn anything which one of them may not do. Why ? Because a minister is not to do your piety, only to teach t/ou how be*t to do it. He and you and I are all obligated to keep the litws laid down. Thi> illustration make* it clear that Christ and racing are somehow nt logger heads. Perlmps the Jockey Club says th it separa tion between the two is not the fault of the club. It may be said that an inducement offered iu the shape of prizes for horse* to be run, carries with it no evil. It does look inuoc«*ut enough to many people. Yet thU mouev reward is the plugue-spot marking the disease. Healthy conte>t, the excite meut of a close finish, au improved breed of animal*, intimate knowledge of physical po-ver, careful train ing to develop those powers, pluck, skill, and judge ment in the race, the iuterest tiken bv tho l'rieuds in the success or failure of their favorites, applau>e, popularity, have proved the means, when combined with worship, of formiug and maintaining a nntiouul life. For 1100 years the Olympiads together with the other kindred games, uuited iuto one nation the little five city states of Greece. It i is curious to read that the games began by the offering of pecuniary rewards, bat that iu *28 years the honor of victory was >o highly esteemed as to cause money prizes to bescornod. But put a money i value on success, and all the motives meutioued, eunobliug iu aud of themselves as they undoubtedly ; are, become valueless to defeat, worth to victory ouly what they will bring. Feelings of greed, euvv, i chagrin, disappointment, of vauitv, pride, com- i placency are at once excited, which oughtuofc to I exist at all, sometimes without p.isssiug into uctiou, j more often active m direct gambling. i Next we have A and B with each a horse, and, * say, £100 each. (It i-» as well to »ay a good round ] sum these hard times !) A thinks his nag can go ] faster than IVs, B thiuks ditto about his n tg and A's; they think aloud, and propjse that they each tifake their mouev, the owuer of the better horse ! to take the coiu. Xot a thousand years uyo j something like this took place. Suppose A's» ! horse wius, then A has the better horse and £JO0. B has only the worse horse leU; xio money, and no ghost of a chance uf getting anything of value fur his money. What an a*s ii must be to pay A for having a better horse than himself' This whole gambling business is about the biggest fares au outsider can think of if the cousequeuces were not so pitiful. That is not all. Wheu A stakes money with B on the race the first cause is the wi*h on the part of each Jo t ike from the other thu value of labor done (otherwise so xuuch life spent) without giviug corresponding value iu vital force for it. Th*»y wished to cheat each other, nnd when A's horse won B teas cheated, unl uot le.-vs m> because he agreed to let himself be cheated, or that he would have cheated A if he could have done it. Then come iu the thousand and one who have no concern in the affair, so make it their business by open gambling on other people*s rivalry. The feelings raised iu the promoters are raised in the gambling onlookers, but arc usually mure intense. These la--t are o'peuly actuated by greed aud covetotiMiess. Each new actor adds his or her quota of badness, till the whole busiuess becomes a sxiass of vileness. Judge the tree by its fruit. Coveting, unholy joy, misleading: M trial,** sueakiuir w tips," lying, vanity, pride, untair riding, bribe-taking and giving, haired, malice, destroyed natural affection, nu.liuiuus injury, drink, robb r from the person, sometimes murder, absconding are concomitants of the racecourse. ** Pen tillers " 'are usually roeu of ahihty who coinmeuce without means. Every penny they get is illgotteu, no return being- given for it. They break" the com mandment, "Love thy neighbour us thyself." They are parasites. **Spielers" Hock to races like vul tures to a dead carcase. " Penciller*," ** bookies," "spielers," and race t'requexiters do not flock to a prayer meeting or a church. Men of Ltsmore, your Council, fully in touch with yont a*k for a gazetted holiday to keep this fester goiug. gome of your oldertnen, professional men, leading inen, with the great majority of yourselves, your wives nud families, are s>o far dead in sin as uot only to feel no shame iu such things, but to glory in theui. What wonder that the youth of such a towu are to be found ou Suuduv* tishiug, horseridiiiir, in little herds smoking cigarette", auywhere but at the worship of God r VVhat wond >r that there is such a mass of youths and men congre;rated nightly at nice times at Wightmau's corner, like a moral *."goitre " eu the neck of our town r I am informed that such a gathering could uot be matched in Svdnev. Covetousnes* is the parent *in of this racing; covetousness is idolatry. Iu the uume of a ri*en Saviour, I urge that we, guilty as a town und dis trict of idolatry, may turn from idols to the living' God, /who is rich in mercy to all. Call upon Him ; tliut through Jenus Christ " everyone that be lieveth oa Hitii shall rcueivo remission of sins." Oh that every sincere Christian would huzaru enoug-h to actively prote.-t Hifaiu.-t aud clear ourselves of tuese luiquttied. our*, &c.;, JAMES AICHARDSOX. 