} A FEARFtTL CAB MDK T HAD taken a carriage to go home from f the meeting of the Benevolent' Flannel * -sociatifcn, of which I am a member, for it vas a pouring rain, and iio umbrella was of any avail; and we had gone jost .about half a mile through the dismal Btreebs, when the driver suddenly stopped, and called through the little window on the roof— { " Madam." . \ "Well," said L'-__ ) " Could you do me a favour—me and a ! poor half-drowned lady out. here? She wants | me to take her in. Of course, it wonld be a • good thing for me, with my big family and i low wages, and it would be a charity to her, J poor thing, on such a day ; but of course, If J you object—" "Oh no, I don't objeeb," said L "I wouldn't keep a woman out in each a storm for worlds. Let her in." " Thankye," eaid the driver. And I opened the door. In an instant a woman had harried in and taken ber eeat opposite me. She was a pretty woman, with a dark complexion and long black hair, braided oddly -enough in two pigtails like a little schoolgirl's. Perhaps she was 30. She wore a mourning gown, elaborately trimmed, a breakfast cape, and a little sealskin cap that might as well have been a man's as a i woman's. She 2iad no gloves, no umbrella, J no waterproof cloak, and I felt sure, as I looked at her, that she had been obliged to go out in the raid to call the doctor to achild with the croup, or to someone who had met with an accident, for she had seemed to for get her own comfort entirely. I felt sorry foi her as abe wiped her poor little wet hands on her handkerchief, and looked piteously at her wet dress. But to speak to a stranger is such a step for a woman, and she had not uttered so much as a "thank you" for my courtesy, though she had two or three times looked straight into my face with her big black eyes. I sat in silence, therefore, nntil at last she fixed a long steady gaze upon me, and said: " It is a wet, uncomfortable sort of world after all, isn't it?" Indeed, it seems so to-day," I said, with a glance.at the lead-coloured sky. " And it never rains in heaven," said she. "Oh, no." " I hope not, I am pure," said L " Where storms do not come," she repeated, as though making a quotation. " Of coarse it does not. But then," she added quickly, "you see one stays with one's husband and children at any cost. As long as they are in this chilly, wretched world, one must wish to stay." "Indeed, yes," said I. And then, seeing that she was agitated, and remembering my fancy that she was going for a doctor, I said, haphazard: " And when anyone we love is ill, we grow gloomy, and fear all sorts of things.'' " Yes," said she." " I hare a husband, the dearest fellow, and two pretty children— pretty and good as a mother could wish— and how anxious they were when I was so ilL Terribly anxious. He cried—a great, stout man. Yes, he cried. Of course the little ones did. And when I died " " When you died ?" I repeated. " Ties, when I died," she said, in a louder tone. "When I died, I say, he fainted. Oh, you think it strange that I should speak ot myself so. Nobody believes me; but it's JLi?m not> living* I am only mate to this ; I I could not the car only shrank away mfcoche^SISjfej^jU. r riage, for though I had no in company with a ghost, her wokb lB^gg me nervous. We had yet a long way to go, though the driver was doing his best, and what with the clatter of the horse's hoofs, the patter of the rain, and the usual noises in the street, I doubted if I could make my voice heard if it became necessary. " Yes," the lady went on—" yes, I have a friend who is a spiritualist, -and I went to her at once, and as soon as I appeared to her ehe kindly materialised me, and I want to stay so. I want to stay materialised, because, don't you see, though it never rains in heaven, I must Btay with my husband and little ones, if I can. Z_ They'd miss me so." " Oh, yon will," I said, in some trepida tion ; " you surely will, it. Let as drive to your house, and as soon as your children kiss you, you will know that, you are no longer a spirit. Have you told the driver where to go ? Shall I V'r;: She put her hand upon my arm and drew me down, as I arose to endeavour to call the driver. *' Stop," she said; *' as soon as I cross the threshold where my. corpse is lying I shall be a horrible ghost again, and frighten them all. Don't you know that? Sit down!" I sat down. She kejjb her hand on my arm. _ " Listen !" Raid she ; " affn't you hear the sounds behind us ? Spirits coining to "carry me to heaven. I don't want to go to heaven; but there is only one way to avoid it. The spirits want a spirit to take away, and it must be a young woman's spirit. You—you are about my age, are you not t" " I suppose .so," said L" " Yes," said-she; "and have you a hus band." i "lama widow,'Vsajd I. " Good," said she. " How lucky ^hat is! You'll want to go to heaven because your husband is there; I want to stay because mine is here. Come. Fll send your spirit with them—-you'll let me, won't you!" I had grown very cold, and felt that I was trembling very muoh, but I found power to ask her what seemed to mysfelf then to bo a very important question. "How would you do It? It depends a little on that " •_ "Oh," said she," "as to* Turn, there is just one way. I must cut your throat—but I have a very sharp razor, and it won't, hurt at alL It's-much the best for us both, you see, my husband being here, yours there. And those spirits, with their white wings and cold hands will never know." She drew a razor from her pocket as she spoke and opened it. v I made one dash for the door—which I should have made sooner had I-guessed at the bidden weapon, you may be certain—but as I .did so her fage changed, her eyes flashed furiously, and she clutched me by the throat. I gave a wild scream, the carriage, stopped, and I- heard amidst my terror the voices of two men shouting something close beside us, Then the woman was struggling in a policeman'e arms, and a gentleman held the razor in his hands and folded it away in its i sheath. There was another carriage besides ours, and these two men had sprung from it. "Madam, I hope you are unharmed?" said the gentleman, speaking with a slight foreign accent. " Yes, I am thankful to say I am," said L " You know what it all means ?" said he. " It was a fine mind that illness warped so terribly. She has been ill, and she believes herself now a spirit. It is a delusion of hers that if she can send a spirit to heaven she may remain here herself. My poor Isadora ! Forgive us the terror you have felt. We thought her well-watched, but she escaped us. I believe that dwelling too much on spiritualism-has caused all this." Then be bowed, and followed his wife into the other carriage, and I saw her clinging to.him as they drove away.—-Homeland. 