HOW CEI17SSS CHEAT THEIE D Ifock Hcnejr, A corniEsrOKDEKT of tbe jxorth Cα I£cr<i?d, writing from the inlcrief Kiangsu proviiico, mentions tliate (if the industries there is tho m- Cicture of mock money for offorio the dead. Formerly tlie Cliinose It sham paper money, but in thesas j of enlightenment and foreign i coursc the natives of Soongkong, B cbow, end other places have coro tlio conclusion that dollars are c' handy to the ghosts than clumsy jr money; henco they now, to a A extent, supply their ancestors 3 departed friends v/ith mock da. These are only half the size ofl dollars, hot there appears to lo more harm in cheating tho dea&j; them is in cheating the If. Besides, the deceased are noi sup 3 to know tho difference, for maJ: them departed this life before -y dollars wero imported into Chind. hundred mock Oarolus dollars, dq> in boxes, aro sold for 34 cash, o operation of mailing this money S teresting. First of all there aro Is of tin which are molted down ana poured between boards lined a Chinese paper, and when the r board is pressed down on the loti thickness of tin remains. This i£ cut up into strips 4in. long, lin., and iin. thick. Some 10 of 9 strips are placed evenly together* on top of the other, and ono <3 held between the fingers, whea workman proceeds to hammer t out till ho has hoaten them so fine they are now Bft. long and lft. b. and so thin that they are not tlr than the thinnest paper. This is; pasted on common cardboard, wlii then cut with a punching machii the size of half-dollars, and this hi been done, a hoy takes the cv; pieces in hand, and with two dies ; representing the one side and the c the reverse, hammers imprcssioi dollars on them, and the mom ready for use. Another very cv. instance of the practice of clieatin; gods i 3 recorded in the same jou: bat from quite a different part oi country. It appears tliat districts c Anhuiprovincehavelately been ray by an epidemic, so that in many p? the people were unable to atten< the harvesting of tbo crops, attempt was then made to deceive gods tty " playing at"' Xvw Y< Day and pretending that lat : tember was the lirsfc day of tho Every preparation for c brating the bogus new year was m such as burning jfire-crackcrs pasting happy sentences in. red pa. on the doors. The object was to m: the god of sicknes3 think that ho ? made a mistake in tho seasons ; had erred in bringing an epidemic tho people at a time when no < demies iv the course of nature sho appeal-. As any action contrary nature done by tlie gods is liable punishment by the King of Heav tho actors in this farce thought t tho god of sickness would gather evil spirits back to him for fear of displeasure of of his superior divin This child's play received the j mission and co-operation of the l< authorities, but so far no visible efi? [-for the better are apparent. 