Mr W. T. Stead, editor of the ' Review of Ke-i views,' and other publications, is certainly aj journalist of apparently inexhaustible fecundity.' but in ali his efforts to regenerate society and'; ameliorate the oonditions of all men, we generally: see that the inspiration of them is that. of the' skilled advertiser who pushes hie wares by keeping the public continually agitated about them." The outcry created by bid eensatioual.article on "A; maidon tribute to uiode'rri Babylon," was muoli' of this kind,' and !his recent excuraiuna into the" regions of the supornatu'ral are,' we suspeot,; mainly animated by the one chief object — to puah' the ' Review.' Now, not finding scope enough' in its pages, and being unable to deal with the history and methods of: spooks in that curious, ad umbra of it, the ' Review ' of' the Churches,', lie proposes to establish a special magazine devoted to mysticism 'arid occult conundrums generally. This is to be, thank goodneasi only! published quarterly, so (Hat humanity will have time for the recovery of its wits after perusing' it, and may thus be saved from that danger of! drifting to' tbe lunatic asylum, that euch docT' trinairoa as Madame B'avatsky, Annie Besant,; and Mr Stead expose us to. The reasous for I he1 institution of this quarterly are, it appears, as propounded by Mr Stead: — "Tbero is noacademy' or college of those who have spiritual gifts, nor" is there any associations of the possessors of the; sixth sense which would enable them to strengthen each other with the consaiousneas of; their superior gifts, to compare .noteB for montal help or de'veiop'meiit, or to offer 'a firm front to" the sneers and; persecutions of . the less gifted majority. The six-sensed are divided into end-! less cliques and sections: Tho spectacle of the" divisious of Christendom is painfully reproduced" iu the schools of occultism. . -There is no concert, no brotherhood ; each man or woman, and each little ciiqno, are all fighting for tbeir own hand" in the midst of a densB jungle of superstition. Those who see, disdain all counsel with those, who hear ; each school disclaims all responsi-' bility for or fellowship with its neighbour, with' the result that, instead of haviug a : borderland, each supporting the other, Ao that in. 'tho whole, circumference there .would not be ono rood which was not subjected to constant and vigilant observation, we have a miscellaneous scattering of observers planted here, there, and every where, each louklug Btraighb before his. nose, and: taking no care whatever, to Becure tho oarefut observation of the great unexplored tracts lying: to the right and left." " Bordorlarid" is designed: to afford a means of cutting tracks, through thia; great jungle of superstition. It will probably: onlymake- the paths that exist more' obscure, but that does not matter much, for it is Bure to; be read, and to have ,a large .sale, at eighteen, pence a copy. It .will, we presume, bo widely; circulated in ghost land: which Mr Stead has" such peculiar relations, the bnly'question is ' Will the circulation there ' be '"a paying one ? It; would appaar that, pursuing his ohstora'ary practice, Mr Sicad has been writing to many notabilities, asking them how tbey like his latest idea — another ingenious form of advertising and ho seems to have received some rather' crushing replies. ' It would nob appear from: these that there is in the minds of the prominent: men and women .addressed, a yearning for. the; sooiety of spooks, or., for having their pens' automatically controlled by some unseen "Julia;'' who may be very loveable, or might, if ohoe:Beeb: on earth, turn- orib.' lb. be a perfect fright In' fact, the general character of the replies ssem to be like that-' of-' the 'American 'girl,-! " quit such' foolishness. " ; But 'Mr' Stead is' indomitable " and will persevere, ho that we shall' hbortiy! be conning the : wonderful fairy tales ..n! " Borderland," which will deal with such! mysterious ' subjects 'as' psyohometry, olairvoy- ance, crystal vision, ' clairandience; telepaph'y, auto-t'elepathio; writing, thought- reading, willing" witchcraft, prophecy, dreams, spirits, ghosts, ; apparitions, at the -moment of and after death,| bauntings, wralthsi"th'e'whole of the phenomena j of what is styled spiritualism, including "table-" rapping, materialisation, spirit photdgr'a'phs" and : Inspirational .harangues, . hypnotism, palmistry, " magio faith-healer, :miraclpe,i and the forms of" myBtioism. : ; Mr Stead- .promises toiadd plenty of" other snhjeots to the - list here ' sketched, but we should imagine that'in those indicated there will! be snffioient to make our. flesh creep for a quarter" or two. The editress'of the new publication will practically be a bryaUl-visibnisA,' known 'as Miss X, bnt as " J ulia ";atill guides Mr Stand's hand, and oontrols him to; automatioaily ' write/ muob exquisite nonsense;;: she .will probably have the beat: position, for . Mr. .Stoad . always: nominates himself for the position of, editor-in-ohief of all his .' periodicals. ; The I prospeots are that " Borderlands" : will . bo a quarterly,- quite unique, .and ..that it iwill aecura .that great end of an enterprising publisher to.make the -unskilful laugh, while aausing the judicious to grieve. Richard Bladin Berrnw, who last week' sued the Railway Commissioners for L1000 damages -for alleged injuries received through falling into a hole-inside, the' railway reserve at Darnhm, has been afrostod as ;a dangerous lunatib.' He bebariie so violent that the services of four men were required to hold him in bed. Two medical men have examined him arid pronounced him Insane, 