Chapter II. —A Shroud. Lady Gertrude Verechoyle's ball dress lay on the bed. It was a gauzy, delicate dress of silver tissue, trimmed with roses of the palest pink, and was one of La Ferriere'a most artistic effects. Lady Gertrude was surveying it with an ex pression that was half pathetio, half plea surable. She was thinking of Clement Bun raven and of the ball that night, where she expected to meet him. Lady Gertrude was the proud daughter of a proud raoe, but notwithstanding her reputed haughtiness she had her weak spot. She loved Clement Dunraven—loved him passionately, madly, as Btrong natures only know how to love, and yet she knew full well that he had but a very medioore affection for her, even if his feelings towards her amounted to anything beyond mere liking for a girl who had been a companion and neighbor from childhood. Let the world say what it would of her, there was no hardness on her face as she stood gazing at the lovely ball dress, its expression was intensely womanly. Aud very sweet Lady Gertrude looked, her dark eyes tilled with tears as her whole being was stirred by the emotions that filled her soul. Her little well- shaped head, on which the fair hair was deftly curled, was poised a little en one side a3 though the weight of her feelings was very heavy to bear. Bub certainly she was absolutely absorbed by them for she did not hear a light tread on the stairs, nor was she sensible of another pair of dark, sparkling eyes that were peeping in at her through the 'naif open door. After a second or two the new-comer, who was exceedingly vivacious by nature, couid stand there quietly waiting no longer, pretty though the picture was that sli9 was contem plating. "Gertrude," she cried, "what is the matter with that dress that you are looking at it so sadly. One would think it was your shroud." Lady Gertrude shivered, for the word jarred horribly, although she tried to look as though she did not mind. " My shroud," she said, bring herself to smile. " What an ill-omened allusion, when I was looking forward to to-night's ball." The girl who had juBt come in and who was Lady Gertrude's dearest friend, was sorry, as she often was, that she bad said a tacdess thing; but gay, dashing Elvira Delane had an evil habit of allowing her tongue co run away with her. Anxious, it possible, to expiate her carelessness she threw her arms around Lady Gertrude and kissed her affec tionately. No one knew better than Elvira what Lady Gertrude was thinking of as she gazed on the ball dress, and strange to relate Elvira was the only person interested in Gertrude who regretted that there was a chance of her for tunes being linked with those of Glement Dun raven. " A shroud," she thought, as she fondled her friend, "ay, that dress may prove a Bhroud in more senses of the word thau one, if my poor darling Gertie marries Clement Dun raven. But she knew by experience that it wa3 useless to expostulate. Lady Gertrude was far too much enamored of the handsome Clement) to listen to a word of reason, even when Elvira Delane dropped her usually ban tering manner and dipped her phrases iu the cooling stream of wisdom. "Elvie, dear, do you think he will be there'!" Certainly neither this question nor its tone encouraged any attempt at dissuasion, so Elvira answered ambiguously. " If he has any sense he will come—that is, if he is not afraid of succumbing utterly to the fascinations of this bewitching garment and its wearer." " Oh, Elvie, you are always chaffing. I do not believe that Clement loves me as—I love him." " My goodness! if he loves you as much as you love him you would set fire to the house between you," laughed Elvira Delane. "Oh, Elvie, how can you joke when I am 60 miserable!" . . . "My poor dear, I know it is a serious matter, but I cannot forego my fun. And you know you will never believe that I care for Mr. Pierce Vaughau and yet devoutly wish that both the cousins were drowned." "You don't care for him; not you. If you did you could not talk like that." "You do.not know me; not even Gerty can fathom the depths of my heart, or you would fully understand that I shall never make myself miserable for a man who is indifferent to me. Both these men think more about you than they do about me; but then you are Lady Gertrude Versehoyle and I am only Miss Elvira Delaue, although my father is a millionaire." "You do not ascribe very flattering motives to either of them," said Lady Gertrude a little tartiy. "No. But then, you know, _ have not a very high opinion of any man, though I ad 1 mire Pierce Vaughan. for his seriousness and his talents." . „ " Do you think he will propose to-night t asked Lady Gertrude grimly. " Who in heaven's name—not ^ Pierce Vaughan, I am not prepared for that." "No—no. I mean Clement." Miss Delane shrugged herBhoulders. It was on her lip3 to say "God forbid 1" but she re frained and merely muttered something about its being impossible to anticipate any mans actions. , , Then she crossed the room and looked out or the window. . "I must be off," said she hurriedly, there is Joujou fretting himself into a froth, and old Simpson looking as if he will be grumpy all the way home." " Well, if you are not the slave of your lover you are of your groom." said Lady Gertrude a little disdainfully. " Why has not Joujou been taken round to the stable!" " Because I must go, love. I only came for the white flowers, but I felt I could not depart without one peep at you. Ta-ta, beloved till to-night. Be jolly and do not despair until he bas seen you in that gown. If La Ferriere's last isn't too much for him then Gerty rnia never think of him again." Lady Gertrude went downstairs and saw her friend off, herself driving Joujou in a high dog-cart, Simpson perched beside her and look ing glum at having to wait. After Elvira Delano's departure there was no further contemplation of the ball dress. Lady Gertrude set to work at some painting and tried not to think of Glement. Elvira was always as a breath of ozone to Gertrude aud whenever she saw her miud very much relaxed on tho subject of Clement and recovered some of its tone. Thanks then to this happy intervention, the hours of the day preceding the much-looked for ball passed with a fleetness Lady Gertrude had by no means looked for when she got up in the morning. At last she was arrayed in her robe of silver sheen, which with its festal beauty looked very little like a shroud. She gave her mother, who was an invalid, and never went out in the evening, a farewell kiss, and then, accompanied by her father, the earl, started for Breutwells. Dancing had already commenced and the room was tolerably full when Lord Melbury and his daughter entered. Several men pressed forward to ask for the honor of a dance, among them Pierce Vaughan, but there was no sign of Clement Dunraven. Lady Gertrude's spirit, which had been very buoyant with hope during the drive, fell con siderably. Could it be possible that be was net coming; then all her hopes of happiness for that even ing would end in disappointment. There was Sir Louis 1 He never went to balls. Why had he come to-night! It was very strange. She would go and speak to him. It would be only polite to an old man who was her father's friend. She dared not ask him for news of Clement, but perhaps he would tell her what had happened to cause his absence. Lady Gertrude managed to get one of her partners to 3top in the valse close to Sir Louis, making it thus perfectly natural tbatshe should hold out her hand to him. "Have you seen Clement!'' asked the old gentleman a little anxiously. She shook her head. For the moment she felt too nervous to speak. _ " He left home to dine with a friend who is staving at the King's Head in Coleshill for this ball. Hs said lie would meet me here at ten—now it is nearly eleven." " Punctuality is not a common virtue with men when they are dining," said Lady Ger trude, greatly relieved to find that this was all the reason. " Ah, there he is," she exclaimed after a short pause, as she suddenly saw Clement standing by the entrance door. Turning to her partner she waltzed away thus to conceal the agitation which overoame her when she became aware that the man who was so much to her had suddenly put in an appearance. The first individual to whom Clement spoke after he had paid his devoirs to Lady Marcia was hiB uncle. "Iam late," he said, "but if you knew the cause you would not blame me." "Hah!" answered the old man pettishly, " you have always some trifling excuse. To nisrht's proposal i3 the first consideration in the world—for you !" Thus snubbed, Clement did not make any confidences, always supposing he had had the intention of doing so. He only bent his head and walked away with an expression on his face that soarcely proclaimed a happy lover. He made the circuit of the room with a measured tread, bowed to several acquain tances as he passed them, and finally found himEelf at the side of Lady Gertrude Ver schoj le, who blushed scarlet a3 she gave him her hand, much to the annoyance of Pierce Vaughan, whose dance was just about to begin. For another quarter of an hour until that " > was ended Glement must wait, then she euuwu vivuivu« i . vould give him the next dance. ^ It was free, lerhaps she had been keeping it for him—it vas the supper valBe. Pierce Vaughan scarcely bad a fascinating ir interesting partner, for Lady Gertrude did aot appear to understand what he was saying, ind answered him so vaguely and wildly that he could have imagined that she had suddenly gone demented, had he not had more than a suspicion that the coming of Clement Dun raven was accountable for ber pre-occupation. And because of the love Lady Gertrude bore him, Pierce hated his cousin with a fierce and bitter hatred, and rejoiced over the finding of the piece of paper signed by Beta that had lain under the old tree in the wood. At last the ordeal of this dance, which gave pleasure ro neither, was over and Lady Ger trude's tiny, well-gloved hand wa3 quivering with excitement as it rested on Clement Dun raven's arm. If he had loved her his whole frame must have vibrated with the emotion under which she was labiring. But though loving words were on his lips, and from long practice in a wooer's art his eyes told passion's tale, yet Clement Duuraven's heart was un moved. Had she cared for him less, or been more accustomed to be wooed, she would not have failed to discover this, while as it was she was in the seventli heaven of rapture. " How beautitui you are," he said, looking into her eyes. " I have always thought so, but to-night—to-night you surpass yourself. That gown suits you to perfection." " Is it not ru'le to make remarks on personal appearance !" she answered, laughing and try ing to appear thoroughly at her ease. " You would not think it rude if you knew my motives," he replied so seriously that she was staggered, but still sho made an effort at banter. "That woa't do," she said; "motives are ah horribly vague things and cover so many j aortcomings. „ , '• Is is a s-iortcoraing to admire you desps-1 ate! v and to—love j cm he asked. The last aifjy JUKI LU -i'JVBJIUU . in: j. li-: iucv j lord came out with a. tiatsp which gave it an i motional p >int for which his inmost feelings } ere in no way responsible. j Lady Gertrude looked down now and did not attempt to speak. So the dress had done its work, yet Elvira Delane had called it a shroud. There was silence for a second or two ; she was battling with her feelings, trying to still her throbbing heart. He—well, it were better perhaps to throw a veil over what he really felt. What he said when with a mighty effort he compelled himself was— "Will you be my wife?" She did not speak at once, she was too happy to give her pleasure words, but at last a faint "Yes" came from her pretty pouting lips, and she raised her eyes to his face to meet such a look of sadness in his that she shrank before his gaze. " Oh, wny do you look so sadly at me ?" she asked. "Did I look sad? Do not be frightened ; I was only wondering whether I was worthy of you—whether you would be really happy if you shared my lot." "I am not afraid." "No, dear Lady Gertrude, you are very brave ; yet you do not know me." "Not know you. Mr. Dunraven; it seems I have known you all my life." "Dues a woman ever know the inner life of any man ?" She laughed. " I have enough belief in you not to be afraid of your inner life." " You will take me on faith and marry me without investigation' "You are only teasing me; I don't believe there is anything to investigate. One would think you were a murderer or forger to hear you talk, and if you were " " If I were?" "Well—it would be very difficult for me to hate you." "Thanks." Then again there was a short silence. He had given, her a loophole for escape, but she had only rushed blindly on her fate. If she had refused the proposed marriage Sir Louis would not have blamed him, but she accepted, so he must sinile on her and try to look the happiness she was feeling. They had never thought of dancing and were sitting by this time in a small boudoir which was next to the supper-room. One or two people peeped in at the door and went away Bmiling, but no one ventured to in trude. They were virtually alone, or at all events believed themselves to be so. Clement Dunraven bad always been con sidered an adopt in the art of love- making, but to-nigno he felt as shy and unequal to the occasion as though he were the veriest tyro. He could not, however, retreat now since he had asked her to marry him and she had ae [ cepted his proposal. His wife 1 Merciful heavens, was it possible that he had asked Lady Gertr' le Yer-choyle to be his wife ? Ay, it was absolutely true, for he stole his arm round her slight waist and drawing her close to him he imprinted a lingering kiss on the full red lips and she did not resist him, as she assuredly would have done had she not felt that she was his very own. That kiss seemed to revive some of the slumbering passion in Clement's deadened heart, and he awoke to a sense of how beautiful Lady Gertrude really was. "You are too good for me, my darling," he said with more fervor than he had as yet shown ; "how lovely you are, too angelically lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The whole of England will say I am the luokiest dog in the country to have won a being eo fair as you are." And the arm round her tightened until she felt she was in a vice. "And I the luckiest woman to have won the love of the popular Clement Dunraven," she replied, laughing and trying to free herself from his clasp. He loosed her somewhat, Beeing she was a little distressed. " I must not frighten my birdie," he whis pered a little apologetically, "but you should not be so beautiful, my sweet Gertrude." She blushed and looked up at him with shy, sv.'eet eyes. "Then you do love me, Clement? Don't talk to me about myself, but about your love. Is it really true and fast, will it endure for all our lives? You will never negleot moor grosv cold to me as some men do to their wives?" A dark expression came over Clement Dun raven'a face like a cloud. But before he could answer she went on— "Ah, I have offended you. I was wrong; I should not have doubted your loyalty and good faith. Forgive me." "Sweet one, who could be false to you? The man who could make you suffer is a brute." "You will never cause me suffering, Clement. Yes, I know it full well; you will shield me from danger and suffering." " Ay, will I, dearest, to the fullest extent of my power. If unhappiuess comes to you through me it will be through my misfortune and not my fault." She laid her hand in hie. " I believe you," she said, "and I will trust you always, because I know that you love me. Tell me that you love me." " I love you—yes—I love you," he repeated, but there was but little romance in his voice. That did not trouble her, however ; she was as happy a3 the birds in spring. Clement Dunraven, her girlish ideal, was to be her husband, ber own, her very own. Lord Melbury would be pleased, Sir Louis would be pleased, bat none of them as pleased as she herself, she thought, as she sat there close to Clement's side dreaming rather than talking of her future happine-3. Hours of the intensest pleasure end at last, however. Two men interested in a knotty point at whist began to argue the matter out at the door of the boudoir; another moment and they would probably come in to exemplify their meaning by the help of some cards which lay on the table. I One more hurried fervent kiss and the newly-betrothed lover3 started to their feet | and prepared to join the throng in the larger room. ; To do so they had to pass the boudoir window, which was open. Eor a second they stood inhaling the fresh air and looking out into the starry night. Neither of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, which were shining through the foliage of an adjacent shrub. Had they done so what changed issues might not their lives have known ! But tbey passed on to their fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orb3 passed on too, into the silent night equally to meet her fate, whether a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude's, wbo.shall say ? For the moment Lady Gertrude's star seemed to be in the ascendant, for was she not Clement Dunraven's promised wife ? As she had predicted, Lord Melbury smiled hi3 gratified assent and Sir Louis was so delighted be could scarcely keep hi3 feelings under control. "You have done well, my bov, splendidly well," he said, patting Clement on the shoulder. " A thousand a year and the run of Abuyne Court, that is what you shall have as long as I am above the sod and after that you will be the master. It won't bo long, Clemeut, it won't bo long." It was in order to be master of Abovne Court and its income that Clement had con sented to ask Lady Gertrude to be bis wife, yet it was scarcely a feeling of joy that rose in his heart when he knew that he bad won the trick. While the fiances were standing talking to Sir Louis Pierce Vaughan came up with Miss Elvira Delane. They had just been dancing together. Elvira took in the situation at a glance, and whispered to Lady Gertrude, "How does a woman feel when Bhe has won ? You shall give me your experiences to-morrow. When I have heard them I shall either congratulate or condole." Pierce Vaughan said nothing, but he was not therefore ignorant as to what had happened ; on the contrary, he knew too well for his pleasure, and beneath his calm inexpressive demeanor there lav buried a fund of jealousy, revenge, and hatred of which neither his uncle nor Clement could fail one day to feel the force, and from which dainty Lady Gertrude herself would suffer more or less. There was no doubt that a tree had been planted that night which would be productive of much fruit. What matter to Sir Louis, who rubbed his hands and chuckled over his work, if the berries to be culled from it here after would be often nauseous and even deadly to the taste. - Pierce Vaughan, at odds with life, since he saw no chance of obtaining either Lady Gertrude's band or the inheritance he had more than half expected might be his, was the first to leave the ball. Marriages have ere now been hindored. Ho would cool his fevered brain, he thought, by walking about the grounds that surrounded the house. As he strode along he felt as if being pur sued by a footstep. Pierce Vaughan was no believer in ghosts, yet he was desperately in clined to think that there was one near him at that moment. He walked on rapidly to the edge of a little wood, in which lie could see nothing for the foliage. Just as he reached it the moon came out from behind a cloud and suddenly and unexpectedly he and his pursuer saw each other as in full day. She was a woman clad in a long black cloak, which concealed her form, but her face he could never forget.—if he ever met her again he ebould know ber. He had 110 time to make acquaintance then ; as suddenly as she appeared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. (To be continued.) 