IN A DEN OF LIONS. ' I am just from Texas.' said a gentleman who lives: a fow.miles from Denver. 4 Oh, I . bave hadh great time I - I went away out iu' Texas to; Buohel 'County.. 1 wish some of you fellows could soe. that county- I know. of one ranoh out there with 86,000 aores in it, and I travelled along seventy- five miles of five-afrand wire fence all in one pieoe. I stopped at -Marathon, a nice little railroad town, arid an old friend of mine met me there. By the way, you fellows ought .to know him. Hamilton his name ii— John Hamilton. He was a olerk in the post office here years ago. John has a sheep ranch out there now, part his own and part Teased from the state, snd is doing ptetty well, I should judge. On the way out to the, ranch John said. : . ' Now, Frank, you can just turn yourself loose out on the ranoh and shoot all yon want to, provided you don't kill any of the people. The wild cats and panthers and lionB are killing my Bbeep off at a great rate, and tbci more ol them y ou can get away with the better I'll like it.' 4 Thvs encouraged I; began my hunting. Talk about sport ! My very first- bunt led to the killing of two large wildcats whioh I caught in tho very act of devouring a two- monthiold lamb, and oh the way home I shot a lobo wolf skulking through the chaparral, I, conadered that a pretty good; beginning myself/ ,Aa the time, went on I began to think.-hat the wild animals in that section wouldcortais'lv bB considerably scarcer after a littli of my p/lite attention. Butmy, they are si k out th .e !.. One day John had to go ovtr to Marathon on business, and as I didn'teare.to take the ride I took my gun instead / and olinfibed lip into the mountains that ittetehed away, baok of the ranoh, This- w»s row territory, but I knew .that those rocky gorges : must bo the hiding-place of many of the wild animals that had been so deBtr '.ctive to J obn's flocks. And yet it liap- pe«\el that I waited a long way and climbed abnuva grtet dbal without sesing'a' sin of any jTBEse, except tnai two pr ruree iimes; us I mrchc-d along ravines or- elambOTed over rock!, : I caught a glimpse of something movag on- ltd slope about thirty feet above. m6. « 45; a -mere glimpse; rand the first time I thought perhaps.! was mistaken, but aiteiwftir-5 I.beoame s/mvinded that some ftrgf animi/i was stealthily gliding along up then, perhaps only - await&g; an opportiuiity ta siringv upon me. Now this wasn't plea sant of 'course; and I wajked up that way, -keeoi; g an eager-lookout, ahd holding1 my gueady. .It was no. use. I didn't soe the offimil at all. After searching around oon- -sid-irly I gave it np apd went baok to ' the rain; wMoh had been in wet weather ' the bed oi a raging mountain torrent, as I could . see.: ind while I strolled along there at my leiBUii looklns'this way and that for an?' thin r thai, a./ght be worth killing, ' it bgsh to rain. Yon heard raic: didn't you? That w on0that broP the long :droaght„J-''iiad been olondy forj good little bit.Tp-tiever thought of ra.:;/ you know, 'a3ld 1 m "F slurt gto/es. And Jtellyou it came with a ven- 2eice— Fneot sheets of water— and I ran ®he ravine with all my might to find a gjlter of a rook or athiok bnah that would p least protect me a little. , Pretty so, n r;ht up e.bove me yawned a great opening j.the aide of the cliff,' an irregular hole, dlv six.' feet high and wider than it was igh. z ahd I sorambled m only .too gladly, fethonfc/asking any questions. There was a. targe room, with sandy noor, anaaarx oieris. in--tif® ®orner showed where passages; l&ojliqitoer; chambers, but I wasn't on an; eiloiMg/i'jepedition : that day. I was atoeadprhity well drenohed with the rain; (tedi/ic /goofi enough fun for me to sil do\m ii£fAat safe shelter and see theraic potuStig/TOtsidto i n®ticed that ther6 was a terrible qdirroopiiDg froin some of those inns vecessffl" f lit a cigar to help to drive ft away-a,tetol Texas cigar, you know— ani sat aBPtee/dotoasIoould, looking on?, Tmno vmaTi AfirnViflpr! fn rtiannvAr. after B little th-iberiviilht whioh had been runnirg down the.»vi,e wken I 'climbed into tie eave was nowriarin and dashing oyer tie rooks in finejiyle, f ud a hasty calonlatiHi Bhowed me thatlt mcat be at least four fret deep. As I ;CO|d/ nQt ' get out of the etye without gettihg/fiitetie ravine, this mide it interesting;tyoinbxy> I leaned forwird .and was intehttywkikig the water- ine onthe oppo$tel>a|ihbii all at once Ifelt that Eomethtog m\ behind me. Npw,'see here, boys, itia' na vteulanghihg. I dfin't hear a sonnd-6¥lj,ipot_the eraoling of a: twig— n8um|t®?e"r6ar of" that torrent bnteidd/-uf&i;«elt/that someiaing was: behind Sine, I jlodked over my shculder juatiaB : look for a ghost, I suppose. Ad ihere, treepin,'; - for ward, its long; bodfiltoPJtweepiig. the ground, its earg flatteEaiaok, its oruri head, lowered, was ate inmt-lMexican lbn. I thought I had seen ig;jones before, and that's what toakes-tol'&y; this oha was immense. Noxte/ifT' jMfibeen looking for that lion, and bad cfflftitytoi it, I wmldn't have been frighit&STti;/iall. But the very thought of having es rtlete with my hack to the creature whtie ibf eHap as a oat would creep up on a sleepte bM> /tinnerveS me for a minute bo that:;I Sin® ptte. D aring that moment the eot!g%|£|ti®cl bade 'on its hauhohes alibtletf.wlBjSltoavering motion was getting reatete/wkihfe. That sight brought me to mbi8e8.iMiS.I snatched my gun from where / hadbp Btanding against the wall near m T wltotiot a moment too soon. ; i'he hugielMwItyy teemo through the air as thoa it/ts|rp :hurled from a cannon, and thghjto? |®strubk it, it knocked me upsaihst &h; |all, and the creature's olawiftkraha«k| that I never will got rid of ,£ta hprriSe ory when it fell rang through j oav. asfit/echoed until I didn't knew yther vit' Mine voice or twenty, and i. wom4e®6Matnre /went .dragging itsejlongimMohy that I hastened to pot it aOTgfe pio head and pat an end tei mi8ery7/i ?»»/setting,, my gun down ast the \ra|l)c4/tyty my haud- kerohief infitriph: trying; to! bindnp myhnded.ariappJM so muoh absorbed if>is that' 'SidldtkSotioa any thing was i7me— in fwt jiftlwtyr'ooourrsd to me /fhtfiwre " ml«M|IBBM:thfliiiona.- animal , in® cave ; .ipb just/ an abrident| toaybe soaia< thing to do with i4, that I glanced around toward tho motionlesB body of the lion that had come so near putting an end to my existence- As I looked around I dodged, and I did it quiok, too, for I was just in time to see the mate of my dead cougar couoh and spring The sudden stoop I made caused her to go clear over my head, and she went headlong into the raging torrent that was by that time even with the door of the cave. I thoughfc-that would cool her rage, but iu an inBtant Bhe had struggled out ot tho water and was at me 8gain, the fiercest creature that ever thirsted for. human blood. I absolutely had to push my gun into her face, so fierce was her attaok, and when I fired I had to step baok to get her m range. Of course it killed her, and none too soon either. I began to feel uneasy about that oave. If I -had known that I was walking into a whole zoo I would bave staved out m the rain- kept my eyeB on that dark corner during /he rest of my stay. The timo parsed very heavily, I oan tell you. After a while. - though, the water had run down so that I could get out of the oave, and I made the best of my way home. And- there was another chapter to my adventure, still. A few days later John and I took two Mexi cans and some torohes and explored that cave a little. The greater part of it we didn't venture into, .finding our way Dlooked with a dark and swift stream : but; away around among those dark passages we found another entrance on the hillside, yrom smooth by the animals that bad made it their doorway : and near by was a room that tbey bad evidently made their den. The floor was covered with fcoueB. the half-devoured body, of a she6p lay in the corner, and over against the wall -waa a slill more ghastly trophy— the torn. and mutilated body of one of John's herders, who had been missing for several weeks and who was supposed to have gone to San Antonio. 1 I took a good deal of credit to myself, you snow, for having gone out there < and Mlle'd a pair of man-eating lions. It isn't every -day a man gets to do a thing like that in 'this country.' 