OUR NOVELIST. v FOUND GUILTY. Bt Mbs. Hakriet Lewis, Author of ' The Double Life,' 'Lord Darkwood's Grime' &o.; CHAPTER XXXI. LADT MABKHAM 6ECOHES AN AXLT. It was uot the custom of Lady Vivian Clyffe to join her guests at breakfast. On the moroingfollowing the occuiTence of the events narrated iii the preceding chapter, she present ed nereselt in the breakfast room, in time to distribute the contents of the morning post bag, which the butler brought to her upon its arrival. The Lady Vivian unlocked the bag and distributed its contents. There were letters for nearly all her guests, and several for herself, . which she laid aside for perusal at her leisure in the library. Nearly the last mis sive to be extracted from the post bag was a large, square white envelope, sealed with red wax, and having a foreign appearance. This letter bore the postmark of Athens, Greece, and was addressed to Miss Alex Strange. The handwriting was carefully dis guised, but something in the bold style of penmanship, and the forma tion, of one or two letters, excited Lady Vivian's attention. She scan ned the address curiously for a mom ent, and then delivered the letter to Alex, who put it in her pocket with out opening it. Lady Markham was observing her closely, and said, in a soft, insinuating voice — ' Is your letter from your father, my dear?' Alex replied in the affirmative. ' Your first letter sine* leaving homo, of course P I wonder that yon ore not all impatience to read it,' said. Lady Markham. ' Everyone elm is reading letters; you should read yours, Miss Strange ' *' I prefer to read it in my own room,' replied Alex with alight /wufawr, feeling the suspicion underly ing the manner of the baronet's widow. Lady Markham's lips curled in an irritating smile. ' She doesn't want to open her letter before anyone,' she thought. ?' There is surely something wrong with the girl, and her lather too. He's a gambler, or a dissipated man of some sort— that is, if there is any father in the case I begin to doubt her story altogether, although she looks so innocent1;' After breakfast Alex hastened to her room and opened her letter. It was from her father, and was dated at her old home. Mr. Strange wrote that he was domiciled in a vine dresser's cottage upon his estate, that his vineyard and olive grove had not been injured by the bandits, and that an opportu nity had been off«red him by selling his property at a small loss to a Greek met chant retiring from busi ness, and that he was disposed to accept it. ' Our old home has become intoler able to me since you are not here,' wrote Mr. S range. 'I miss you everywhere, Alex, and I regret that I ever consented to your wild .scheme of going to Eagland. I oaunot help but fear that that soheme mav bring great disaster to us. And whenl think of you, so young and innocent, so ignorant of the world, exposed to suspicions, annoyanoea, and possibly insults, I feel that I mast have been mad to let yon go from me. If, when you receive this latter, y»u hav« mi -. i advanced^ pne«te|-ttj^V^0Wi^^.o1i, '??% ?-'**$-???'?'- ?'' --W ,r,.'. :rf ' ?A:--*i--.'-':» ??-? ?'?v':'- ''-'.' - s^'-.'iH' ?Vi': if you are preplexed to find an open ing for your work, if, in short, you are where you were when you left me, I beseech and command you to return to me at once. 'But if you feel that you have made any progress*, however Blight, towards success, stay where you are and work out your holy mission, with your father's blessing and his constant prayers for your triumph. I have no hope but in you, save in that Provid ence whose ways have been so dark and mysterious, yet in whom I slid trust. ' If T succeed in selling the estate I shall find another refuge am ng the mountains ; the lonelier the spot, and the more inaccessible, the better. I have not heard from you since your arrival in England, but received your letter from Paris promptly, my mes senger visiting Athens onsteamer-day. You can address me as before, as wherever lam I shall always be able to obtain your letters. ' If you were with me I should not leave Greece, my safe refuge for many years, but until I know whether yon will soon return to me I will wait here. Be on your guard always, my child. Remember how much depends upon your prudence and discretion. It needs all my rememb rance of your brave and noble nature, your resoluteness and steadfastness, to reconcile me to myself for per mitting you, who have been so tenderly nurtured, to go forth into the great woald alone. ' Ton may remember that when we stood upon the quay at the Piraeus, we encountered two Englishmen, whom I took to be :- tourists, who regarded us curiously. There was something especially inquisitive in their gaee, which rendered me uneasy. Yesterday I encountered pne of these Englishmen at the ruins of our villa. He was questioning old Saba, who was hunting among the debris for melted silver and other valuables, and at my approach be addressed me, asking questions, about Spiridion, who.by the way, has escaped from gaol, and is again at large. I answered his questions, but offered him no hospitality, and he went away to his lodgings upon the other side ai the gorge, at a goatherd er*8 hut.Old Paba told me that he was very inquisitive about me personally. It may be mere nervousness that makes me see in every traveller a spy, and in this one in particular a sinister person who I shall do well to avoid, but I eannot afford to discharge my impressions of evil, and I shall be on my guard.' There were other paragraphs in more cheerful strain, indicating a newly aroused hopefulness ; neverthe less, the impression upon Alex by the letter was depressing. She read it twice, then opened her desk, found and lighted a taper, and burned the missive to a thin blue ash. Her taper stand was still inker bund when Lady Markham, after a hurried knock upon her door, entered the room. The cold, suspicious eyes of the baroaet's widow marked the agitation of the girl's face, and the fate of her letter. *' I beg your pardon, Miss Strange,' she said, ' for my unceremonious en. trance, but I was so sorry for your loneliness, and juht ran in a moment to ask if your papa was well, and if your news from home were good news. Why, if you hav'n't burnedyour letter ! Howstronge!' Alex sat down her taper stand, the thin, crisp ghost of her father's letter fluttering upon her desk. 'Will you sit down, Lady Mark ham P' she asked, coldly, arising. u No, thanks. I only ran into sympathise with jou, that was all. Did yon say that you bad good news P' and she looked sharply at Alex. 'My father wtis quite well when he wrote, thank you, madam/' ? = ._ v' ' ' How different Jpeople are. Some are so absurdly sentimental,' sighed Lady Markham. ' I am one of the sentimental ' ones. I always cherish ed my father's letters sent me at school I assure you I have them still, tied up with red tibbon, nnd I would as soon burn off my fingers as destroy those loved relics of the past. I sup pose I am peculiar, Miss Strange. Young people of the present day, it appears, destroy a father's letters as soon as received. It almost seems,' she added, with unpleasant signi ficance, ' as if you feared to keep the letter !' and she forced to laugh. Alex flushed. She recognized tho fact that the baronet's widow was Iht enemy, and the knowledge s' ruck a chill to her soul, ^he comprehended the petty envy and jealousy of the woman's nature, and began to think it quite possible that the Lady Mark ham might poison Lady Vivian's mind against her, and procure her dismissal from the house. It was fortunate for her, she thought,that r. refuge had been offered her at Mount Heron. A residence at the castle would further her raissi n, yet the thought of separation from her mother broughtja keen and ter rible pang to Alex's heart. The girl had come to Cliffebourne with u feel ing of anger acd repulsion against her father's divorced wife, but nature and instinct had been too much for her. She had grown to love the beautiful Lady Vivian, who was so unconsions of the tieof relationship between them, with a love only second to tliat she gave her father. She had rejoiced in the iustinefcive affection Lady Vivian had given her. To be sent away, to see her mother's lovely face regard her with suspicion, would be very bitter and hard to bear. Yet if such crosses even as this lay in their way towards her father's pos sible vindication, she would bear them bravely. Lady Markham would have given much to te ad Alex's thoughts. As the girl did not answer her insulting speech, her thin face darkened, and her envy and dislike to Alex deepen ed into a positive hatred. '* Lady Vivian is in her boudoir,' she said. ' 1 saw her come out of the library, and I fancy that she waited for you some minutes, Miss Strange. In yourdeeire to read your letter you probably forgot your duties as secret ary and compnnion.' ' I did not forget,' replied Alex, gently commanding her own spirit with a bravery that surprised her enemy, ' but Lady Vivian kindly excused me for half an hour. The time has not yet expired.' ' Then I will leave you to yourself, Miss Strange,' declared Lady Makham ' My visit was quite a friendly one.. You must call upon me when you have leisure.' The baronet's widow withdrew with new food for meditation. She hastened to Lady Vivian's boudoir, finding her ladyship . seated beforo a glowing fire, with a pile of letfo rs on her lap. ' Do I intrude?' she af?ked, gai ly. ' Oh, no,' was the polite response. ' Be seated, Lady Markham.' The baronet's widow seated herself in a low easy chair, at a corner of the hearth. 'I just dropped into Miss Strange's room, Vivian,' she said, carelessly. ' I fancied that the poor girl might .have badnews from home, or be made home sick by her letter. And what do you think P She had burned the letter to ashes ! Did you ever hear anything more singular and mysterious P' ' It is rather odd ['.acknowledged Lady Vivian. ' I never heard of such a thing in my life!' declared Lady Markham, with warmth. ' Even ft her father had written harshly, it is anything butfilial in hertolborn his letter.lt is $0§tfo$Lp^ cold-blooded, :#i*jto£ -$jp: tell you the truth, and I'm sure you ought to know what I thiuk, I dm't believe in Miss Strange. And I don't believe in her father, either !' ' Lady Markhum ? ' 'Pardon me, Vivian : I am an old woman — old enough to be your mother. I was your mother's friend, as yuu have always been kind enough to re- * member. A ml , for your dear mother's 6akc, I must warn you against this girl to whom you have taken such a fancy. She is pretty, I grant ; beauti ful as a Greek statue, to quote your own description of her, Vivian; but what is beauty without north? She is a serpent that will string you, my dear child!' ' I cannot hear you speak such words of her, Lady Markhaui,' repli ed Lady Vivian, indignantly. ' Miss Strange is as pure and good us she is beautiful.' Then why does she burn hot father's letter as.soonasthe receives it? I think it is because she fears that yon might ask to see it ? ' ' Impossible ! I should never in sult her by such a demand. Ask to see her private letters r' She could not presume to think I would do so ! ' ??' Ton might, ask it and do no wrong. What do you reallj* know of tin's girl, Vivian? What do you know of her parentage ? There is a mystery about her, and her father a 'so, aud you ought to probe (hat mystery.' ' I have nothing to do with Miss Strange's secrets, nor with those of her father,' fca id LadyVitian, with dignity. ' I have sufficient confident e in Miss Strange to believe that any thing concerning her which I ought to know she will trll me.' ' You certainly ought to know her antecedents, Vivian. You have taken a girl into j, our house and heart of whom you know literally nothing, except what she and her former gover ness have chosen to tell you. Of course, I know that the governess has been vouched for by worthy people. Of cmrse I know that you believe tlrs girl's face sufficient proof of her truthfulness ; nevertheless, you may be greatly deceived. You know, Vivian, that I can have no object ex cept foryour g. od. Thegirl is deceit ful; as she has some object in com ing here beyond the desire to earn her own support. Ask her if she had not. If she can deny my asseition, and deny it truthfully, I wii take back all I have said against her.' ' You have taken a strong aversion to her.' ' Very strong, because I see through her arts. She cannot blind me. She knew Lor dKingscourt before she came to Clyffebourne. She has deceived you there ? ' ' Not so. I am aware that Miss S' range became acquainted with Lord Kingscourt in Greece. She told me so herself.' '-hedid?' exclaimed Lady Mark ham, in surprise ' Tlun depend upon it, Vivian, she told you to fore stall use, since she knew that I bad discovered her secret. The pirl is even more artful than I thought. You have made an equal of hcr,introdoced bfrr to your guests, and treated her quite as a younger sister. Of course, you have a right to gratify your own caprice, Vivian, but have you a right to foist upon your guests an acquain tance of whose family and antecedents you know nothing? Your guests are of noble birth ; of what birth is Miss Strange? Who and what is her father f? Who was her mother V Where aud when did her mother die? Had her parents, who arebofii English,; no relatives ? I am an old woman, Vivian, as I told you before, and 1 presume upon my age find your mother's long friendship for me to speak plainly to you. Can you deny that lam right P' With all her faults of envy and jealousy, Lady Markham was a woman of sound, practical Bense, and of many virtues She was' a woman of the world, fond of ease and luxury, and desirous of having the first place, after a husband, in Lady Vivian 'e confidence ttud enleem ; but not even to further ber own ends would she have told a deliberate lie. Narrow ^minded and prejudiced, she believed '' all she alleged against Alex, and her air of absolute conviction gave weight to her words. ' 1 do not deny your worldly wis dom, my dear old friend,' said Lady Vivian, with a smile. ' I do not deuy that your aiguments are, many of them, well based. There is something mysterious about this young girl but the explanation would, doubtless, be found to be very simple. I believe in her. I like lu r. If it did not seem absurd upon such short acquaintance. I should say tlmt I love her. My heart warmed to her from the mom ent I beheld her. She is well-bred, a true lady, re6ncd, sweet, and noble ; a girl of whom I would be proud if she were my daughter. If my baby Constance had lived, I should have liked her to bo like Alex Strange. The mystery about her is connected with her father, I think. What if he was| Hs8ipatcd,or poor P The girl is of jjood birth, I am sure. Her father may be the degenerate saon of a noble house, although I hardly think that, for she speaks of him with a tender love and reverence that^hows him worthy of respect. Let Miss Strange keep her secrets, Lady Markham. We will accept her for what she is!' ' But this is folly, Vivian — pardon nae! Is it right to introduce to your guests a girl who may be, and no doubt is, an adventuress P She can not, or will not, tell you in what con n try of England she was born. Ask her, Vivian.' ' I shall gain her confidence in due time. Meanwhile, let us di-contiuue this subject, Lady Markham,' said Lady Vivian, Wearily. '? You cannot shake my faith in Miss Strange ; nevertheless, I tfaonk you for your solicitude in my interest.' She dismissed the subject with a gentle firmness that put a stop to any further discussion. ** Yet I can fee that ir.y words have made an impression,' thought Lady Markham, with inward satisfaction. ' They will rankle in Lady Vivian's mind, £ am quite sure, until they produce the results I hare aimed at. f he girl's stay in Lady Vivian's service will be short.' Satisfied with her morning's work, she took her leave, as Alex presented henseif to enter upon her duties as secretary. The letters were red and answered, Alex acquitting herself creditably. Lady Vivian seemed a little abstract ed. In spite of herself, Lady Mavk h&m;'s words continually recurred to her. Why was Alex so reticent in re gard to her birth and history ? Her faith in the girl remained unshaken ; she could not belit ve evil of one so pure and innocent in 6eeming, yet it was quite plain to her that Alex was not frank with her, and that there was some mystt-ry about, the girl. ' My dear,' she said, abruptly after a long study of the lovely young face, with its low, broad, pure brows, its heavily-fringed, drooping eyelids, its exquisite mouth, and its massive rip ples of tawny hair, ** I am more than ever struck by your resemblance to one I knew and loved,' and her lady ship sighed. ' Can it be that you are even distantly connected with the family to which he belonged ? Have yoa relatives in Knglaud P' Alex grew pale. 'I have no one in all the world but papa,' she answered. ' If I have other relatives they do not even known of my existence, and I do not wish them to know it.' ' I have no wish to intrude upon your wmftderj.ee, Alex/' said Lady Vivian, kindly. ' 1 can wait until you give it to me voluntariljr.' If the. remark was intended as a delicate suggestion to Alex that fur ther confidence on the girl's part would be pr. per and timely, Alex did not act upon it. She took tip a French volu me she had been reading the day be fore, ami assumed reading, while Lady Vivian lay buck in her chair and watch ed her, and gave herself up to thought, without hear ling a word Alex uttered. The words of Lady Markham did 'rankle,' as the baronet's widow had intended. Lady Vivian speculated in regard to the evident mystery sur rounding Alex, even while she was an noyed with herself for doing so. The reading over, Alex: was dismiss ed, and Lady Vivian resigned herself into the hands of her tiringwoman to be dressed for luncheon. During the afternoon Lord Mount heron and the young Earl of Kings court: called at Clyffebourne. Alex was in the drawing room, and ex changed a few sentences with her lover, whom ehe informed of her let ter from her father. The earl was especially interested in the news and congratulat ed Alex on being safe in England. The marquis made no allusion, in his conversation with his hostess, to the condition which the Lady Vivian had imposed upon him in considera tion of their betrothal. Possibly he expected that this devotion would in duce her t» forego those conditions, for he conducted himself towards her with something of the manner of an accepted lover. Alex believed the pair betrothed, and her heart was fill ed with a bitter pain. Most of the guests were in the park, or playing at lawn tennis. Lady Markham bethought herself of a message which she would like convey* ed to one of them, and, in an undertone, begged her ' dear Mist Strange' to convey it for her. Alex glided away upon her errand. Lady Markham made haste to use the opportunity offered her. ' Is not Miss Strange a beautiful girl ?' she asked as Alex disappear ed. 'So English, too, although sue has lived all her life in Greece. You knew here there, did you. not, Lord Kingscourt P' The young earl's olive skin flashed. Alex had desired him to keep their previous acquaintance secret, and he would not betray her. Lady Vivian came to his rescue. ' Miss Strange informed me of her acquaintance with Lord Kingsoourt in Greece,' she said, quietly. 'It was at the house of Mist Strange's father that the earl was so long ill, and was so hospitably entertained!' ' I had not beard of that' declared the Marquis, surprised. ' You did not tell me, Kingscourt. I suppose that you were ill at a vinedresser's hut. ' I did not say so,' said the young earl. ' 1 did not mention the name or nationality of my kind host and bene factor.' \ ?' It is curious that Miss Strange should appear in England almost as soon as you, Kinggcourt,' said the marquis, significantly. 'Not at all singular,' declared the earl, haughtily. ' The bandit Spiridion destroyed her home, and she was compelled to seek refuge elsewhere. What oould be more natural, since she would not be safe in Greece from the persecutions of the ruffian, than that she should come to England, the land of her birth and of ber ancestry ?' ' Do you know,' Baid Lady Mark ham, 'there seems to me something very mysterious about this young -girl. Is ber father a dissipated sort of man, Lord Kingsoourt?' 'He is not. He is one of the noblest, grandest men this world has ever produced,' cried the carl, warm ly. * 'He is trne and honorable gentleman, a model of courtesy, cul tivated, refiued, and intelligent, uman of whom Euglaud might well be proud. It is his country's misfor tune that he chooses to reside abroad' Lady Vivian smiled approvingly. ' Your description answers to my idea of Alex's father,' she said. ' But why does such a man live abroad ?' demanded Lady Markham. ' Why does he bury himself in such s-litudeas that lonely Greek coast?' ' His reasons are not known to me,' answered the young earl, coldly ' I have fancied that he met, early* in life somt great trouble or disap* pointment which would account for his extrle. Once, when I made an inadvertent allusion to his wife — it was at one of my earliest interviews with him — his face changed, and such a look came over it that I believed his exile the result of hor early death. He is a man of a great talent for statesmanship, and if he could be induced to return to England and take part in politics I believe he would make a mark upon his time. But he will never return.' ' A mysterious recluse!' said the marquis, with a little sneer on his gentle face. ' A man with no charact er, to bt embittered for life by a disap pointment ? ' 'You are mistaken, marquis. Mr. Strange has a marked individuality and a force of character,' interposed Lord Kingscourt. ' He is a man who commands respect and honour. 1 do not understand him thoroughly, but I regard him as one of the most re. markable men I ever knew.' ' Do you reallj know anything about him, Lord Kingscourt P 'asked Lady Markham, abruptly. ' About his family, I mean ; his former place of residence ; the family of his wife? ' ' I never ventured to ask him such a question,' answered the earl, grave ly. ' He is not a man to permit undue familiarities.' ' I have said from the first that there was some mystery about Miss Srange. ' said Lady Markham. You will find out the truth of my intuitions. She is not what she seems.'1 ' I agree with Lady Markham/' said tbe marquis. '1 wonder at your infatuation with this young girl, Lady Vivian. I have not liked her from the first. You will be wise to send her away.' 'I shall never do that!'declaredLady Vivian. 'She has my heart with those wonderful eyes of hem. I will believe no ill of her. She is pure as a little child, and I believe in her father for her sake.' The earl flashed a grateful glance at Lady Vivian. A smile of perfect understanding passed between them, and Lord Kingscourt felt that the proud lady knew and appro? ed bis love for the exile's daughter. Alex returned, and the subject was necessarily changed. The marquis and the earl took their leave, and Lady Markham went up to her room, rejoicing that she had won an ad herent to her cause against Alex. 'Lord Mountheron distrusts and dislikes' her also,' she thought. ' He wiU never allow her to live at the castle as the companion of his wife. I will have a private talk with him soon; and apart to him all my doubts of the girl. With his aid 1 will turn Lady Vivian against this young adventuress, and interfere with her secret plans whatever they may be.' (To be continued.) 