? Zoo. Clever. Waterloo. Placatory. Black list. Diplomatic. Forgiveness. Cricketers sad. Brusque Dibbs. South, 6,969 oz. " Too quickly." Plympton Races. British, 11,428 oz. As good as Gould. Junotion, 3,447 oz. Socialists jubilant. Block 14, 18,443 oz. Block 10, 35,130 oz. Sunshine after rain. Proprietary, 209,139 oz. Taking defeat gracefully. Jenkins tipped for Whipt Public holiday on Tuesday. Etiquette tabooed criticism. Claws were hidden in velvet. Kingston in a happy humour. Ill deeds are best done quickly. Perth going in for electric light. Souvenir day at the Cyclorama. Severe drubbing for our Eleven. Are the Australians disorganized ? Big Registers are getting common. Saturday Popular Conoert to-night. " Thb.Brook" at the Bijou to-night. Kingston as the apostle of despatch, Gould a type of the useful politician. " Friend Bartlett's agricolturslland." Condemnation of miserable tenements. Speoial attractions at Waterloo to-day. Barometer at 11 o'clock to-day, 2978. Weak display by the colonial cricketers. Report of Union Parliament on page 8. Another night of the Circus at the Port. Kingston saying soft words to Hamburg. When one wins it is easy to be forgiving. ^ Tan-dan-yer. The native name of Ade* Iaide. Councillor Myers bespoke the public sentl. ment. Heaping coals of fire on their opponents* heads. There are yet a few Waterloo veterans living. Ship Beaconsfield famishing fiotson and jetsam. Betrayers always prefer to do dirty work quickly. The new Ministry will find it advisable nob to crow. What is the matter with the Australian Eleven? Port Adelaide footballers returned morning. The Australian cricketers are getting worse and worse. William, the war crank, muBt be very despondent. German Socialism has gone ahead by leaps and bounds. Gourlay, Walton, and Shine back to the Bijou to-night. The chase for the kerosene rag starts from Urrbrae to-day. Engineer of Leigh'* Creek Coal Mine going for Wood Green. Canterbury city still hankering after Sr. Diamonds' shekels. Y.M.C. A. Song Service at Theatre Boys! to-morrow evening. Another week's adjournment from Wednes- day to be asked for. Obit.—Mr. Samuel Berry, an old and wellknown stockbroker. Dr. Porter, of Ballarat, invited byY.M.C.A, to lecture next week. Mount Bryan andanaooount of its discovery by Governor Gawler. Mattel's remedies claim to cure cancer, lupus, consumption, Sux. A profile of the late Dnke of Wellington on Lane'aRock, Third Credc. Dr. Kennedy will lecture on the Mattei treatment—ad mission free. All about Mr. A. E. Waldron and the Foot* ball Association on page 8. Cyclorama—the 78th anniversary of Waterloo to be celebrated to-day. WILU Leigh's the visiting Creak Mine wruusurs. Manager daggers \- — drawn The maximum of rental for the nvmimnm of convenient accommodation. How Kingston would have stormed had ha been treated in a like manner. Mr. W. H. Jude at the Town Hall tomorrow afternoon and evening.' Will the Leigh's Cheek shareholder* ba better off under the new regime? Fairness sacrificed to quickness. South of England, first innings, 306{ Aus- tralians, two innings, 143 and 169. Anniversary of Waterloo to-morrow — (he battle was fought on a Sunday too. One of Manager Howell's best programmes at the popular concert this eveming. - The growth of the Register has kept well apace with the advance of the oolony. - ' That ugly precedent will ever lie regarded by many as a blot cm the oolony's history. If trains are ran at alossforthe paafocaliffa, why shouldn't they be for the tdociken ? The man with the gun was conceited allth< time, and did the shooting from behind. - Sun rose at 7.8 a.m.; sets at 4.63 p.m Moon rose at 10.6 &.m.; sets at 8.8 p.m. Will the owners and agents of those oosdemned plaoes forgive the City Fathers-? Thrice tunned Is he who hath his quarrel just, But ten times armed is he who'gets hfs hfow fa fast . > In a few mote days (be. plebeian brown will purchase the aristocratic £jfdn«y Morning Herald. Sir George Dibbs thinks it about time that New South Welshmen got amy bom Government pap. Reappearanoe at the Bijou this evening of the three comedians, Messrs. Gourlay, Walton,' and Shine. Begitter'* natal day tomorrow, the Scat number having been printed in London on June 18,1836. "The Brook," with nineteen musical numbers, for the first time in Adelaide, at-the Bijou to-night. What's up that the addition* to the Children's Hospital are at a standstill!— Another strike ? The Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society, and theSick Poor Fund will gladly distribute your charity. On June 26 the price of the Sydney Morning Herald will be reduced to one penny. Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. Mr. J. T. Hackett lamenting the loss of time and tissue he suffered over "Ilia Unveiled" and "Esoteric Buddhism." The running of the blockers trains has materially assisted to settle the 208 famQiw now resident on the blooks near Aldgate. Mr. Kingston might have gone to another authority than Shakspeare. *' What thou doest do quiokly," was the advioe followed by the champion betrayer. " What would have been the electrioal condition of the atmosphere last night if Mr. Kingston bad been beaten in the way in wluoh he has beaten others ?" Mrs. Palmer, Mrs. Alderman, Miss Oromley, Mr. H. G. Nash, and Mr. T. N. Tiylor, with the City Organist (Mr. W. Pybns), will perform at the Town Hall to-night. . Councillor Myers said he considered it a disgrace on the part of the ownersor agents of such dilapidated building* a6 the Council had eeen on Thursday, demanding such high tents for the bad tenement*. " It was usual in his school days when one boy was to fight another, for the proposing pugilist to say something to the effeot 'Put up yo^r wings, Billy.' The Parliament had not cold the Ministry with winoh he was asaocioted to put up their wings."—Mr. Coplsy. "It makes my blood boil to hear a woman or a man running bis neighbour down to the lowest because of eome trumpery little qutrrel among them. I Bhall expose this growing habit as long as I have life in my body, and with the help of God endeavour to stamp out.the peBt." —Archbishop Reynold*. . . , • - ^ Here is Madame BlavaMty'e list of ghosts— Peris, deos, digins, aylvans, satyrs, fa&U;, elves, dwarfs, trolls, noma, nines, koboHfs, brownies, Jieoks, stxomkarls, undinei, nixiee,.. salamanders, goblins, banshees, ketones, pixies, ^ moss people, gcod people, good neighbours, wild women, men of pekoe, white l»dies,' and many move. Moat of them are expecting a good time at North-terrace. : • • • Joisy" Football matches—Junel7. South, Norwood (Adelaide Oval), Part i Alberton Ort^T L Adelaide y. Ad ' ).Po&,4d ^ v.aouihuato bournetlfr - . fiwwtowilb 