,4 p ',,''?,1' '* , A TRAVELLING C0MPAN1 J»: /l!\«- CALEB BUCKLE, a» he sab in his '? i1*' eminently icopectnble Club, wns in a Tory batS temper indoorl. It was certainly annoying, and even a . wore patient temperament than Caleb's would have been rulUod to no alight, extent by the circumstances. For fit toon years, as h regularly as fcho procosaion of tlio seasons, I had ho been accustomed to spend tho aum I mer months travelling from one pleasant E Continental rotroat to another, accompanied * by his friend, General Beaman, K. C.B., with whom liis acquaintanceship dated from their Eton days, and with whom ho was in that condition of thorough sympathy and Record which is the only sure tio between , travelling companions. This year every thing had promised for a trip of unusual pleasantness, and for weeks Caleb had glonted , over the prospect, only at the last momont to receive a check in the shape of a letter ? from the Genoral to say that the brenking outof an old wound prevented his being able to stir for six months at least. ;., . ; Calob's cup of disappointment and chagrin ? fairly brimmed over. ' ? : / ? . What was. he to do? He would rather not travel alone, and it was now July, and the ?-.v season, was too far advanced for him to look .fora travelling companion. Everyone lie . , know had already either left London or was ' .on the.pointofsodoing. In another 'week , town would bo absolutely empty; and as this ghastly certainty impressed itnelf on his mind lie happened to glance out of the win ,' dow, and surveyed tho broad street with the pavement apparently as crowded as in the ' height of thfi Season. Perhaps others were in his own and plight ; maybo some of those very passers-by found themselves at tho last momont boraflv of valued travelling com-' panions ; doubtless— and an idea flashed .acrosii the tobacco-soothed brain of Mr. ? Buckle, the very originality of which cnusod him to gasp so that he swallowed a mouth ful of smoks and indulged in a tit of cougliing which completely spoiled the peaceful doze ? of the solitary waiter. Mr. Buckle's iden, howover, was of too slartlinjr a nature to bo acted upon at once ; nor, inaeca, am ne nuct himself able at once to consider it calmly and judiciously in all ?its hewing*. ? So he began tn think Of some ,._? Lliinj; else us hard as he could. In his case tho 'something else' resolved itself into a r.on«iik-ration of a disquieting epistle that he \- had received that morning. Caleb, though ,. a bachelor, stood in the somewhat anomalous 'position of guardian and trustee to his only niece, a pretty girl of eighteen, who had alwiiys lived with her mother's' people. Sho was the daughter of Calob's younger brother, a former Colonel in a Cavalry regiment, who had provided that his daughter should be debarred from enjoying tho fairlysubstnntial fortune .he was able to leave her should she marry before the age of twenty-one without her uncle's consent. It was a provision of the will which had never given Caleb the lonst uneasiness, b'ut now here was his niece writing to tell him that she was engaged to be married to a' young man of whom he had never heard, and that she counted upon receiving his consent as a matter of .course. Now, Caieb wns not only as selfish as men of his a;jo ;md mode of life are apt to bo, but ho was nlso conscientious. Ho felt that he could not grant his consent without careful inquiry into the young man's antecedents tuid prospects, and this he know would entail upon him u vast, amount of bother and annoyance in any case j and, possibly, should ? he disapprove of the match,, a vast deal more. Thus the ' something else' was nob a -pleasant subject to dwell upon, and so lie returned to his 'great idea,' which the more he thought about it seemed the more attractive and plausible. It ended in his 'tending u document by:, the. hands of the Club Commissionaire to the office of The Times. . . Then he went home to the dull little house . in St. .James's ; and next morning when his middle-aged man-servant brought him, as usual, The Times with his tea and toast, he found only one paragraph which was to him of the slightest degree of interest. This ran as follows ; TMTANTED. — A Gentleman (midcUe » v aged), of refined tastes, to accom pany tlio artvortiser ou u thrcn months' Continental tour. Apply personally or by letter to 0. B., 99a, Duchess-street, St. James's, W. It was the evening of the dny on which Mr. Buckle's advertisement appeared, and .Lieu tenant Charles Sotheran,. u good-looking, curly-headed 'youngster, who was passing the night in town on his way -to Aldershot in the morning, found himself tho sole occu pant of the billiard-room of the Junior Tatters. At first ho was not unfavourably impressed by his unwonted loneliness. Ho was full of high spirits, satisfied, with the world and himself, and engaged to be married to a girl whom lie, of course, rogarded as tho loveliest and most charming of her sex. So brimful was he of self-congratulation that he must needs begin to drink his own health; and as ho had already had a bottle of ' extra . sec' with liia dinner, the consequence of this amusement was that in a very short spucc of time tlio speeches he mado to himself were somewhat thickly uttered and' inco herently composed. Ho had the sense though to knou-thathohnd gone far enough, ami in the final desperation of loneliness he picked up a morning paper from one of the lounges and vainly tried to read. He was about to. throw the paper down and seok metal more attractive elsewhere, when a paragraph caught his eye and led him to read it carefully over. 'That'sh funny !' he murmured. 'Seems to mo 3 know tho addrosh, an' yotl don' know who lives there !' And he read it over oncemoro. l'hcn r gleam of amusement caused the onds Df the fair moustache to trend in an upward direction, and Lieutenant Sothcran chuokled audibly. He chuckled as he drew out a dainty little noto-book, and among a few betting hieroglyphics jotted carefully down an address which ho copied from the newspaper. He chuckled as he walked downstairs and indued himself with his over coat and hat ; and ho continued chuckling as lie directed the hull-porter to call a han som, into which with much solemn dolibcra tion he stepped, and still chuckled. Thedireotion that, with a regular explosion of good-humoured chuck lings, Mr. Charles Sotheran gave tho driver, led him no great distance from his starting point, for it was ?4 in one of the side streets leading from St. : James's-street westward that the cab drew up'-at the door of a small house of staid respectability. That the windows were all dark and even the ghost of a glimmer wanting in the hall, so far as could be seen through the old-fashioned fanlight, was a matter of no concern apparently to the faro, who, with a like deliberation to that with which he had entered, emerged from the cab, j and, supporting himself by the iron railings which guarded t.ho porch on either side, began to hammer steadily and forcibly with ? the knocker at the dingy old door. Ho banged away on tlie defcncelpss door, play ing popular air/-, as though he wore a performer in the regimental band ; till at last his efforts were of avail. A first-flooi window opened, and a very red face sur mounted by a ' very white nightcap— for night-caps are still worn by elderly gentlemen ' in this year of grace 1892— was protri'ded therefrom. ' Who are you, and what the something or other do you w»nt.'(' giowled the night capped one. ;t.. ' Are you— ' replied LioulcmuitSotheran,' with a sweet smile, ' or rather are your initials ' C. B. ? ' ' .' My initials are ' C. IS, ,' sir ; bub what the dickens is that to you?' ' -? 'Then in Heaven's name come down instantly ! My business does nob Admit of delay.' And so insistent, .was tho visitor's , * faQBt Wiafc tb,« head disappeared, and sundj-y fv ??;???..?'? ' ?' founds echoing through tho empty house proclaimed (he t.tch thnh tlio owner was making his huifcy wuy downstairs. The door suddenly opened, and Lioutennnt Sotheran, who was leaning againab ib, lurched forward soraowhivt, precipitately into tho hall ; but hn recovered hims«lf, und, leaning against L'io wall, gtavely content- j plated the somowhat reinurkublo tigurn presonteel by Mr. Caleb Buckle, who, cindln in hand and attired in a giirmont of engaging brovity, stood glowering wrathfully at him. : ' So younro ' 0. B. 1'' queried Charlie, sweetly... -. ;, ' : ? r ?''?? ?. ?? ?:-,? : 'lam,, sir; and now whab is the urgent business!' . ' : ?'. -. .??''' ?'?? ' . 'And you inserted tho'/advortisoment for * . travelling com panion in to-day's Timcn t' ' ''I did, sir; bub you must be aware that this is no time to— — ' ' :. 'And you want someone .to travel with you, do you, ' 0. B.-V ' went on his questioner, as though he had not ; heard the dhter ruption. ? !, '.?'??.-?''. ' ???.?'??;??''??'?. \'.' ?? ' ? '??'.- 'I dp, sir; bub I should never dream, after this outrageous in trussion — -' - ? ? '? Woll,;I liopo you'll have ft pleasant trip ' 0. B.' I thought I'd come round, lat« as it is,' to tell you- — '. '. -, ?'/? 'To tell me— to toll me what, sir?' fairly snorted poor Buckle, who was shivering with the. cold. v. :?.?...' ???? ?:? :.???;?'? -;. ';!?'?'? .:.??? ? ' ' To tell you,'drawled the other, ' to tell you that I can't come f '. .???? . ' And in another instant he was in'the cab dashing down bhe street, while Calob Bucklo dancod in impotent rugo oh the doorstep. ' Yes, it wasn't a bad joko for a dull Joltfr nie like me to play oil',' said Mr. Charles Sothoran a year later to one of his fellow officers. ' But when I found out that the old duffer was my fiiuieeVs.uncle, and when he recognised mo and refused his consent to our marriago ; and when I think .that we have to wait two years before we can marry, why, I don't think it quite so rousingly funny as I did, don't you know !'— Vanity Fair. A NOVEL HEDGE. A qektleman on a walking tour through Shropshire in tho autumn of 1890 gives the following account of a peculiar hedge or fence which he came across :— 'Strolling through bhe Carding Mill Valley, near Church Stretton, ab bhe upper part of bhe valley, I found bhat a largo piece of land-has been recliiimcd from, the waste, and is cultivated as a vegetable market garden. To protect' the produce from tho inroads of the mountain, sheep, this plot of lund has a fonce around it of such peculiar construction that ib may be called unique. The south-end corner is composed of two enormous tins such as one sees gingerbread in at country fairs, vory battered and full of holes. Each bin is about six foot in length and three feeb in circumference. Theso are flanked right and loft by an incredible number of zino buckets in every stage of dilapidation. Some have handles and bodies and no bottom, others have the barrel merely, while in soino only the handle or bottom is left. There are zinc buckets enough to load a waggon. Further along tho garden an old-fashioned plough forms part of the fence. This is adorned with fragments of old iron hooping, tea-trays, moat- covers, old coffeo-pobs, and preserved meab tins, aided by more buckets. The upper parb of this wondrous hedge derives its defence from sticks, gorse, tarpaulin, parts of u chair, a dripping-pan, and bits of chesse-boxes, String is largely used, from the parti-coloured twine used to tie up sugar to a piece of rope suitable for a ship's cable. Where string runs short bibs of clothing torn into strips are utilised, and over all aro the zinc buckots and meat tins. Part »f this modloy fence is hold up in places by broken rabbit wires, called in to aid the string. Another immense gingerbread tin is on the west side, propped up with gorse, and bound with withies. The ubiquitous zinc buckots form tho .first line of defence, the advanced redoubt of this truly marvellous protection.' . ; HE FAILED TO ' CATCH ON.' An amusing'ineidentoccurred in a Newark music store tho other day. A new and very protty ballad is entitled ' Kiss Me.' A very pretty girl having heard of the song, and thinking she would get it with some others, stepped into a music store bo make a pur chase. One of the clerks, a modest young man, stepped up to wait on her. The young lady throw her veil back saying : ' I want ' Rock Me to Sleep.' ' The clerk got the song and put it before her. ' Now,' said .the young lady, 'I want ' Wandering Refugee.' ' Now, ' Kiss Me,'' said the young lady, meaning, of course, bhe song above men tioned. The poor clerk's eyes almost popped fire as he looked ab the youne; lady in astonish monb, for ho was nob aware of the fact bhat n song by that name had been written. ' Wh-hat did you say, miss 1' ' ' Kiss Mo,' ' said she. ' I can't do ib, miss ; I never kissed » young lady in my life,' said the clerk. About that tim'e a veil dropped, n young lady loft in a hurry, the clerk felt sick, and the proprietor lost the sale of somo music. HE COULDN'T GET HER CUSTOM. ' It's funny,' said tho young man who had just opened a grocery store in the neighbourhood, ' that I can't get that woman's custom. I've gone but of iny way to be plcasanb to her, and she won't even look in here any more.' , . .'.'.' ' Wasn'b she ever in here 5' asked the customer. . ? 'Once,' replied tho young man, 'and J treated her the best I knowhow. She had her little boy with her, and ho was tickled to death with the libtlo white mouse I have inthocage on the front countor.' ' And she j» ? ' ' Oh, sho liked ib, too. She said it was a protty little thing, and seemed to onjoy his pleasure in watching its antics. : So I just, thought I'd clinch mutters, 'and I book ib out of the cage and pub ib on tho floor. It's tame, you know. And theboy was perfocbly delighted.' ; ' And the .mother ?' ; ' She said ib was one of 'the cutest things she ever saw, but sho sab right down, on st stool and pulled her dress clpso about the nnkles, and protty bton sho had gob hold of the boy, and backed out of the door with him. Sho said she was ever so much obliged to mo, bub she looked sorb of pale, and hasn't been in here since. Funny, isn't it, when I tried to be so nice* to her i' THE MAN WOMEN ADMIRE. We admire the man who believes we know more about housekeeping than he does. We admiro the man who- will be kind to a girl's grandmother when the girl is nob at home. , We admire tho man who asks our advic* sometimes and abides h$ what intuition teaches us. ,'..,? ? Wo admire the man who has the tact to admiro a woman's dainty rteck wear as well as a new gown. Wo admiro a man who doe-i- nob spend all his money on tobacco and wine, but saves some for candy and flowers. ? Wo. admire a man who has plenty of muscle and has yet sufficient, tenderness -to nurse a woman's headache. Wo admiro aman who talks sensibly to us, and who thinks wo appreciate something more than mere flattery. . In fact, wo admire a man who is manly, fneiitaUy and physically, who is generous and kind, who rovok-onces woineu'iu general and one in particular.; : ; GONSOWT0KY. ', If you're nob pretty when you're young, This consolation hold: : Tliab in some fifty years or so I You will te pretty old. '' 