NEWS. OF THE DAY. In The Lender thin woek n page of illuatra- tions la doroted to portraits of rcocntly im ported dogs, somo of whom make tlioir nppear- anco on the show bonohos of tho Yiotorinn Dog snd Poultry Society's exhibition. The report of tlio show and tho prizo list will also nppear in this issue. Next week, howorer, n more dotnilcil review will ho presented nnd ncoompnnicd by pictures of the prizo winners in both sections. In tho presont number views of Geolong nro given, and thoro hi also aomrnoncod a new serial story, Through O olden Fire, by Henry Hermau, a writer of cousidamble dramatic force. Tho division on tha budgat proposals took place in tho Legislative Assembly last evening about 6 o'oloek, aud resulted in a majority of 4 for tho Government, the voting being 42 for and 38 against. Considerable interest was manifested in tlio result, as it was known that tho division would be a very aloso one, nnd, hoads having boon counted, both partios for a time prior to tho doors being closed appeared to bo confident of victory. At the last moment, however, Mr. Wiikins orosnod tho floor to the Ministerial nido amidst oheers, and tho Government then felt that it was seaure. Eighty members- votod, and the<pairs wero as follow : — For tho motion — Messrs. Kirton, But terly, Campbell and Grattsu ; against — Messrs. Anderson, Lovien, Keys nnd Phiiiipaori. - These, with tho Speakor and Chairman of Committees, who did not vote, made up tlio number to 90. Of tho remaining 5 to ho acoountod fur, Mr. L. L. Smith is absent on his way from London to the colony, and the other absentees wero Messrs! Deakin, Hopkins, Davics and Salmon. Tho lastnnmed had only just roturned to the oolony, and had no opportunity of taking part in the debnto. Tho announce ment of tho result of tho division was hailed with oheers from tlio Ministerial supporters and oounter cheers from (lis Opposition benohes. Tho Premier then, advancing to the table, observed that <ho was glad to sco that tho Government majority was on tho inoroase, wheroupon tlio Opposition repeated their oheers ironically. The Ministry had throe of a majority — added tlio Premier — wlion taking oflioo ; it had lost one, and now it had a majority of four. Tho jocular mood of Mr. Patterson communicated itself to his supporters, who again ehoerod. Tiro Premier then announced chat tho Govornmcnt proposed to exempt from primage all tlioso articles subject to ad valorem nnd fixed duties. Tlio resolution was then reportod to tho Uouso and leuve given to sit again. Expectation walked on tiptoo yestorday afternoon prior to tho meeting of tho Assembly. 'The oircumatancoB in whioh tho llou&o; had ri-en at 1 o'oloek that morning, the bucocss of Mr. Gillios's notion in onrrying by a side issue a veto against tlio wishes of tlio Government, and the threat that lie would have further rcaourso to similar tactias, led many to anticipate a sitting of unusual liveliness when tho incomo tax resolution came to be Anally dealt with. Mr. Patterson, however, was found fully equal to tho omorgcuoy, and mainly through Iris judgmeut and gcncrnlship tho Government achieved a Bigual victory over its opponents. Tho House had no soonor gone into committeo of ways and means than the Premier rose aud boldly faocd the situation. Tire Government, ho stated, was not going to ho moved from its position by a vote upon a moro side issue, suoh as that raised at the previous sitting by the mombor for tiro Eastern Suburbs. They wero determined to havo a straight vote on tlio Inoomo Tax. If tiro committee were to tako the control against tho Ministry, then ho and his aolleagucs must ataso to bo a Government. .Many of tho less experi enced members had been misled by the tsoticat move of Mr. Gillies in voting as tbey did on tlio motion to report progress. Tho Govern ment had retrenched and retrenohed, and the member for tho Eastorn Suburbs had himself expressed tho view that tlicy could not touoh the . munioipol subsidy, tho oducation vote or tlio defence vote. Then what portion of tlio estimates would tho lion, member suggest should bo further sub jected to tho pruniug knife? What othor form of taxation could bo proposod that was not equally as objcotionablo as that upon incomes? From tho date tho Government took office it had applied itseif earnestly, aud con tinuously to tho work it had been oallcd upon to do. It had mado retrenchments in tlio publlo sorvice, and provided employment for the thousands of men who woro without means of any kind, and if ho and his colleagues were to retiro they would do so with dignity upon a straight vote, and not by a sido issue. Tho House had been three weeks discussing tlio financial proposals, and it was time thoy got to the practical business of tlio country. Mr. Gillies roso with all tlio alaority of a olever tactician confident of aucccss. He expressed surpriso at the language and tono of tha Premier, moro especially in regard to the motives aotuating him at the previous sitting in moving that progress bo roported. Thoro was no desiro on his part or on that of any member of tho Houso to displace tho oeoripauts of tho Troasury benches. Thoir solo object was. to get an nHsriranoo that tlio Government could go no furthor with retrenchment, and that fresh taxation was absolutely necessary. Tho motion whioh ho had carried was iu offect n direction to tho Government to ascertain if tbey could not go further with reductions before Increasing tho burdenB of tiro people, Mr. Pattorsoo Inter jected that this duty had boon already performed, hut tho iron, momber would not aceopt that statement as sufficient. Tho House wished to bo told, not so muoh as rogards rotrenohmont in tho past, but how far they could go in the way of additional reductions as affecting tho future; \- If it oould be shown that fresh taxation was ndispenflablu, tho Houso would ngrco to it. Ho . denied bAving adtnittod, as allogod, that 110 fur ther retrenchment was to bo expected in theedu- cation vuteorthedefcnco vote. Wliathchod urged , was that these votos could not bo abolished. As to the statement of the Fromier tlmt there was A move on to turn out the Government, it was a ; mere bogey hold up in order to influence tho ininds of" inexperienced members. Ho con- fidered ho was justified in taking up the posi tion bo did in moving that progross be reported, and ho intended to to'st further the opinion of the House by again moving a similar motion. . The hon. mombor rosumed ills scat, but finding ; that thc Ohairnian had again put tho motion .finally, tho bon. mcmhor said, "Mr. Chairman, ' I propose to test the opinion of the nouso — - — when Mr. Mason callod the name of Mr. Sidels, and the member for the Kostcrn Suburbs onco more subsided. " It was apparont from tho mcmont Mr. Shiels took his Beat.that ho had resolved to disputo with Mr. Gillit's tbo iuitintivo in any move to oust the . Government Ho threw cold water on the proposal to report progress by expressing a hope that the motion passed at the previous sitting would not bo repeated, inasmuch as many inex- perionoed members of the House had been misled. What they wanted was a direot vote upon tho proposals of the Government Ho would sug gest that a substantial resolution should bo UMud to the effect (1) that the tlnanoial pro posals were unsatisfactory, or (2) that tho Government bo asked to take back their budget, with a view to further retrenchment . Any other , . motion submitted to tho Houso would . fail to carry with it tbo mind of tho House. Tlie Premier observed, 41 We . shall have a straight vote upon our proposals, and nothing less." Mr. Shiels by this time bad been working himself up to fight ing pitch, but tho tompor of tbo Houso was against him, and tho Chairman's suaiufer in modo\ backed by the quiotude of tho ocoupiints oftlio Treasury benohos, rendered his efforts to creato another aceno quite abortive. Apropos of nothing in. particular, Mr. Shiels, with fiotitious warmth, exclaimed that 14 tho Government was guilty of crimes against the administration of justieo.1" An ohjeclion having been taken to this remark, . and Mr. -Mason having ruled that it was out of order, tho member for Normanby altorod his phraseology, and said 4( that tho Government had shooked tho feelings of the House and the country in tho administration of tho law." Even this failed in its intended effect, and the hon. member resumed his scat. A further prolost was mado by Sir Graham . Berry against tho notion of Mr, Gillies, and tho debate upon the general question was continued. Mr.. Staughton urged that retrenchment could bo effected in tho education voto by refus ing to allow children under 6 years to attend the schools, and by compelling those over 13 years to pay a small fee. In this way tho expenses of tho department oould ho vory materially re duced. . Tho municipal subsidy also could, > without dotrimont to tho shires, bo curtailed by at least. £60,000. Mr. Zox sup- . ported the notion of Mr. Gillies, and afforded the latter an opportunity of explaining further what, as he alleged, wore really his statements with ; regard to tho municipal Buhsldy and tho educa tion and defence, votos on tho provious night, donying that he said they could not bo reduced. Mr. Sterry alao addressed the Houso, tho mem bers of which every moment became more and more impationt, and tho Premier at last Buggesled that there should bo no further delay in taking tho division. Mr. Starry, however, declared that he would not bo "sat ( upon but if tho Premier undertook to limit the operation of tho income tax to two or threo years he would voto for it. Ab his offor was not accepted, tho hon. member intimated that lie would in that case voto against tho Govern ment. , Mr. Leiden and Mr. Young having addrosBed . tho House, the division was taken, resulting as above indicated. Allusion was again made in tho Assembly laBb .. . evening to tho list published in The A, ge of tho names of members who had availed themsolvos of free passes on tho railways. Mr. Wheeler brought-up thosubjeofc by explaining tho man ner in which tho names had been obtained. The roturn was called for in connootion .with the oaso of Spoight v. Syme, and - the ordor of tho court had to bo obeyed. The names, or .at least the groaterjiumbor of them, had been read out in court, and in this way thoy were reported in the usual cour/e. Mr. Wheeler was at special pain's to assure tho Speaker of what he might . have known previously — that the present Rail way Commissioners had in no way assisted in giving publioity to the names. Mr. Williams, who seems to be particularly irritated by tho faot that he was roproaentod as having obtained a pass for "Miss Williams," informed tho Houso that the pass for the lady in question ' had been solicited by Mr. W. Collard Smith, formerly one of tho members for Ballarat Wost. This statemout seemed to afford lion, mombora , considerable amusement, Mr. Lovicn having domed that duriug his 20 years' careor as a mombor of tho House hehad ever asked for or obtained a free pass, tho House soeraod to think that quito enough had beon said on tbo subject. In reference to the statement made by Mr. Bont during his tirado against the Railway 1 Commissioners in Parliament on Tuesday night that. 41 they had tried in a most malioious and .vindiotive mannor to bring members into con tempt in connection with tho issue of freo passes," the Railway Commissioners give a complete and absolute denial to tho assertion. They point out that they had nothing whatever to do with the preparation of the freo . passes return whioh has caused suoh a sensation, and they arc most improperly aooused of being oonocrned in the matter. So far BH.tliey know tho free pass clerk was summoned to attend tho Supremo Court to pro duce his books, and tho list subsequently pre pared was- compiled from tho records and ordered to bo revised by the clerks. Tho matter was entirely outside the knowledge or au thority of the commissioners, and tho list would have been proparcd in spite of them under directions of the court. Tho oaso of- Mr. Gedgo, who had beon dis missed ; from his position as station master at Prahran in connection with the Windsor rail way noeident, which ocourred some years ngo, was again brought under the' notico of the Legislative Assembly last evening by Mr. Taylor, with a view- to the appointment of a committee to consider and report upon the petition of tho ox-offieial. It was stated that if ho wero accorded an opportunity he would .bo ablo to prove that ho was in no way responsible for tho disaster. On the con- < trary, he had warned tho lato commissioners of tho' dauger of giving effeot to their order to remove the home signal on tho station to another place. The ovent occurrod as ho had prpdioted, and subsequently tho sigual was replaced, Tho Premier asked a fortnight to think over tho matter and read tho papers con coct oil with it. Mr. Wheeler said the Railway Commissioners had investigated Hedge's case most carefully, but fouud they oould not inter fere. After some discussion tho question was allowed to stand over for sevon weeks. Tho cost and maintenance of Government Houso and grounds at Melbourne aud of Government Cottago at Maoodou formed tho subject of a return laid on tho table of the Legislative Assembly last night, on tho motion of Mr. Deakin. This showed that tho capital cost of Government Houso aud grounds was £171,726, and of Government Oottngo and grounds at Macedou £11,051. Tho. annual cost of maintenance of tho two establishments was respectively £3469 and £391. The allowances to the Governor, as fixed by tho Gillies-Denkiu Government, include clerk, as official secretary, now also acting us clerk of tho Exuoutivo Council, three orderlies, attendant at public ontiance to Government Houso, oharwomon, mechanic, laborer and caretaker at Macedou. The allowances also comprise linen, cutlory, glassware, wator, light and fuol for state rooms, light for approaches to Government House, uuo of railways and stationery of office. It is not proposed by tho present Government to alter the arrangements for maintaining the official establishment at Government Houso and Maccdon. Mr. Bailos was auocessful in the Houso yeafctr- day evening in Inducing tho Government to agrso to a motion of which ho hod given notico and which wan as follows j— "That a select oommittoc bo appointed to inquire into and report upon the present system of tribnting in gold mines in tho colony of Victoria, suoh com mittee to consist of MosHrs. Burton, Dunn, Foster, E. Murphy, Peaeook, Williams and tho mover, with power to ond for persons, papers and records, ami to sit on days on whioh the Houso does not moot, threo to bo tho quorum." In oonnentlng to tho adoption of this motion, Mr. Bniles was given distinctly to uqderfltaiul that if tho expenses of tho oommlttea exceeded the amount fixed by llio Government ho would havo to pay tho balance out of his own pookot. Mr,- Storry asked the Premier if it wero not dosirablo to allow the polioo to carry arms when on night duty. Tho Premier stated that a motion 011 tho subject was superfluous, as the | Chiof Commissioner had full power to diioct the polioo to onrry fire arras whon it was deemed oxpedient. Mr. Patterson at the aanio time paid a high compliment to the police for their offlciouoy. A statomont showing the cost of produoing Hansard for tho lost session, oxolusive of reporters' salaries, was laid on tho table of the Legislative Assembly last night in oompllanco with a motion of .Mr. Bailos. From this it appears that tho number of oopics of Hansard printed last session was 1492 ; tbo cost of com position was £1550 6s. lid.; cost of printing, £125 15m. lid. ; cost of binding, £290 lis. 9d. ; total, £196614s. 7d. The T.-egtelativc Council spent tut earlier part of yestorday's sitting in discussing Mr. Mob villo's motion for a select committee to consider and report on tho causes of tho present distress and 'dearth of 'employment, and tho b'esf'morins of relieving tho people. Mr. Melville urged that there must bo soroo 'great underlying cause for a stafco of things in which people Wero 'starving, whilo tho colony's resources were enor mously fruitful, and food was unpreoedfcntedly ohoap ; and he insisted that something should be done to define that causo and removo it. Several members followod with oonffioting opinions as to the cfiloacy of any committeo. Tho dearth of employment was generally, put down to tho faot that for years past everyone had boen living on too high a soale, and it was maintained that thoro would bo no cure unfil men realised that tUey must accopt lower wages and go into tho country instead of keeping to tho' towni The motion was agreed to, and a committeo of seven members was appointed. Mr. 3achso moved tho seoond reading of his bill to improve tho law relating to patents. in tho interests of inventors with small capital. Tho ucopo of this bill was outlined in thoso columns . last week. It raises the.ronowal feo at fouryoars, so that successful patents may sup ply means of facilitating and cheapening the onterprisos of poor inventors with patents in the initial stage. Tho only objection pointed out by mombcrs who spoko on the bill, was that the patent agontB wero attempting to form a close corporation, by barring futuro entrance with a' severe examination; but this part of tho '.bill was upheld by others who thought it very desir able that patent agents should bo properly quail flod, by what was in faot simply an extension of tho present law. Tho bill was read the second timo and formally taken into committee. Further attention was given in committeo to the Companies Act Amendment Bill, on the quostion whether companies should be required to publish statements of their position, a provision to that effoct having been omitted from the bill con sidered last yoar. The clause dealing with the question was still, before tho committeo whon progress was reported, and tho Houso adjourned to Tuesday. 1 The 35th day of Spoight v. Syme was pro fitably passed yesterday by judge, jury and counsel acquiring information about tho charac ter of some of the rolling stock employed on tho Victorian railways. Four expert witnessos were under examination, and they kept tho oourt engaged throughout tho day considering and estimating tho valuo of old trucks doomed to a premature death, and discussing tho technical details of newly dosigncd "buffori." But before launching upon this deep sea of praotical truck building, Mr. Duffy led off with a slight diversion into tho antecedents of the first expert, Mr. T. Holroyd, who. on the previous day was oxsinined at length by Mr. Purvcs, andgavo some interesting evidence. Months ago Mr. Holroyd was transferred from the Newport workshops to the existing lines branch, aud Mr. DufFy harped for a time on this transfer, but only elioitcd from the witness tho statement that tho transfer came as a big surprise to him. His Honor interposed that all this had nothing whatever to do with tho case, and tho learned counsol after a brief consultation decided to drop tho matter. Mr. Purvcs, when re examining, sought to give tho witness . an opportunity of clearing up any imlireot'slur cast upon him, but his Honor again interposed that there was no occasion to do so. 'Turning to matters more relevant to the case, Mr. Duffy questioned tho witness about thb stylo of tho passonger oarrlago broken up. Mr. Holroyd stated that some of the old first class passenger carriages wero running daily, and thought it would be wiser to rido in repaired old oarriageB than in cattle truoks or medium wag gons, as people often havo to do at holiday times. Over bis estimate of the cost of applying tho "Westinghouse brake to truoks, somo merriment was caused by the difficulty whioh the learned counsel experienced in emulating a certain his torical porsonago who was reputed to bo ablo to carry on simultaneously threo mental operations. Mr.Duffy tried only two, and failed. During cross-examination the couu- sol wrestled with a small column of figures, but Mr. Holroyd's original ostimato of £28 Is. as tho coat of fitting the Wcstinghouso brako. to truoks provod correct, and tho witness having passed tho examination in his addition was next challenged about his faith in 41 transom bars," "swing link carriers" and 44 transom contro plates." These roferencos to 44 bars," 44 plates " and 14 carriers " woro not made in an alimentary sense, and bad a direct bearing upon the less exhilaratiug subjeot of tho dofcctivo designs of certain trucks. Tho witness was also asked to pronounco an opinion upon a despised buffer guide of tho old style, whioh had been rcsoued from the scrap heap. This buffer, tho witness Btated, was right and sound and atiil semce- able. Tho pietorl&i; art was laid undor contribution to assist in developing ovidenco given about cortain old trucks labelled Q, and a quaint pieco of departmental correspondence was also pro duced between thb late Locomotlvo Superinten dent, Mr. Allison Smith, and Mr. Peel, work shops manager, about tho actual number of Q trucks in existence. According to Mr. Allison Smith's hooks there should havo been 29, hut tho traffic branch bravely held that eight of tho number wore mere phantoms or ghosts of truoks departed to the bettor land. As a m&ttor; of fact tho traflio branch was right Three of tho trucks wero put hors de combat in somo acoldent, and 44 lay on a bank" until finally, smashed up. Two others were transfigured into ooal stages, and, charming vagueness, there was no record to show what had become of some half dozen other Q trucks, which consequently appeared in the "missiug friends" column of the departmental records. Evidence an to cow catchers being uiraooessary on well fenced linoB was given by Mr. B. Jones, foreman and fitter. Mr. R. 33. Underwood, whose chief cmploymont&tNowport; isfittingnnd repair ing brakes, deposed that tho brake should never havo been applied to trucks because of tbo heavy initial cost and the cost of maintenance. A haud brako was suffioient for trucks, but if a continuous brako wero neces sary, by an expenditure of £5 per truck Mr. Underwood would adapt tho Woods brake. According to' another witness tho cost of tho Westinghouse brako was £28 Is. per truck. Tho last witness examined was Mr. E. . Eustace, fitter at Newport, who said about 700 or 800 trucks had boen brokon up at Newport, any of which could havo been advautagoously repaired at an oxpendituro of £25 each. Tho oost of a now truck would be £75 without whools. The disoardod wheels in tho Newport yards would probably bo 1600 pairs, all of which, wore quite fit for use. Much evidence was given by the samo witness as to tho defects of the now I trucks, horn plates and draw chains. Further evidence will be callod to-day. In a loading artiolc which appeared in The Age on Tuesday, with reference to tho Meroahtile Bank case, it waB statod tbat although the question of allowing an alien to sorve oh tho grAnd jury did not como before the Full Court, It woh understood " that tbo Chief Justice con sulted' his brother judges, and that thoy wero unanimous In their opinion that tho oour&o; taken by Mr. Justice Holroyp was tho only one consistent with law.!' Wo are now dosired to state that tho Chief Justice did not consult the other, judges on this point, as it was praotically immaterial At the trial, but only tutp the result of the inclusion of an alien on thogrami jury. ' ' 111 ( Tho unexpected turn in tlie political situation brought about by Mr. OilHca's motion to report progress boing carried on" Tuesday night was regarded yesterday by Ministers In a scrioU3 light — in (act, as nothing more or loss than an indication an to how members would dealaro themselves on a straight out voto on tho income tax. In theso ciroumstancea it was tacitly understood by Ministers that they should receive deputations arranged for, some of which had coino long distances from tho country, and meroly record their requests, without committing tho dopartmonts to pro mises in important matters, or binding tho possible new Government to Any definite line of action. It was under these conditions that tbo Premier, the Minister of Agrioulture and the Commissioner of Publio Works received deputa tions. For similar reasons several departmental matters just entered upon were temporarily stoppad, pending the decision of tbo Legislative Assembly on tho proposals of tho Govern ment. Tho two principal speakers at the Mayor's quarterly luncheon yesterday were Mr. James Servioo n»d the Treasurer, Mr. C. 13. Neither said anything worthy of special signifi cance lu a political Acnso. Tho Treasurer in a brief spoeob reiterated tho statement that tho ration d'Ure of tho Government was .to-.. pay 1 tho debts of tho colony and to . ro trench . wherever possible without doing Injustice. Ho refrained from touching on the incomo tax proposal in the company of coinmorotai gentlemen, tbo majority of whom wero evidently opposod to tho impost. Mr. Service lauded tho suggestion made by. Mr. Gillies iu tho Assembly that retrenchment should tako preocdcnco of taxation, .and ex pressed his opinion that tho Government had stiffoued its baokbono to tho point of obslinaoy in refusing to act upon it. Ho also . romarkod . that it was a farco that . tho .. second Chamber should not havo power to. deal with tho monoy bills passed by the , Assembly,' and hoped that tho time would oomo whon tho constitution would be altered so as to concede the privilege to Legislative Councillors. Tho Speaker of tho Assembly mado a few remarks condemnatory of the income tax pro posal ; whllo Mr. R. Ruid, as MinUter of Defence, protested against the sum of £38,000, whioh tbo colony contributed to England for its naval defenco fleet, being rctronohod In any shape or form. The anuual show of tho Victorian Poultry and Dog Sooiety was commenced at the Exhibition Building . yesterday. The exhibits are very muoh more numorous than has boon the case for several years, whilst for all round excellence it is admitted that they greatly surpass those of last year. This is especially the oase with tho Collio and St. Bernard dogs, amongst whioh thero are some really magnificent Bpeoirnens. Amongst tho many other . notice able features in tho dog department, tbo shows of Groat Dane dogs, Gordon Cotters and Eug- llsh -and Irish torriers are prominent, whilst representatives of noavly every known breed of dogs are to bo seeu. Tho display of poultry is .also an unusually fino one, and In tho exhibits of game fowlB and Aylesbury .ducks, thero are some, features which will , delight the; publio as woll as the fancier. Very perfect arrange- raont . bnvo becu mado this year for the .convonieuco of visitors. The main ' aisle is devoted to tho poultry exhibits, whilst the western annexe has been given over to tho dogs. The different classes of exhibits are divided iuto well defined sections, so that no difficulty oan bo experienced in finding out particular breeds. The show will remain open till .Saturday, aud . this afternoon bis Excellency tho Governor will visit the building. . After several years Bpent in formulating sohoraesfor the exploration, of tho Antarctic Cirole, the Royal Geographical Sooiety of Aus tralasia. appears to have at last got within measurable distance of the goal H had in view. Thc.quoBtjion was again discussed at a meeting of tbo members bold at tho Athenteum last even ing, and the satisfactory result of tho recent sealing expedition to the -South, Pole, In which, aoveral Dundoo steamers were en gaged, wab-. the soarce - of much gratification to members. The awakening of the British ship owner to tho commercial worth of tho seals and whales inhabiting these far southern and hithorto unfrequented waters was naturally credited to tho socioty, whioh has in and out of season neverf ailed to stimulate discussion upon the feasibility "of the enterprise. Another pro- jeot for sending out an expedition under the auspices of the society was placed boforo mem bers, a Commander Fyon, of Sweden, intimating that he was prepared to Bond a vessel to the Antarctic upon a commercial and scientific errand if the Victorian, > or Australian, Govern ment would subsidiso tho enterprise, which would have its head quarters at Melbourne. The matter will be referred to the Premier in due course. The existence of coal seams on Berry's Creek, at Mirboo North, was demonstrated several yeara ago by private enterprise, but owing to a heavy inliow of water, it was found impossible to test tho extent of the seam by means of tho primitive appliances employed by the local residonts. Subsequently the Mining depart ment despatched a diamond drill to tho district, but after putting down a few bores at Murray's aelectionandnearMirbooNorth, it was removed. A deputation from the latter place saw the Minister of Mines yesterday on tho subject, and strongly urged that a diamond drill should be sent to make further tost, additional disooveries of outoropplng seains indicating a raoro exten sive area of ooal than was at first auspocted. Tbo Minister, having perused the reports recently furnished to the department by Mr. Stirling, -the assistant Government Geologist, stated ho would place an order on tho papers directing that as soon as the drill at Yarragon has completed tho work on which it Is engaged it must bo forwarded to the North Mirboo district. A disputo between uoele and niece was the subject of litigation beforo tho Chiof Justice in the Banco Court yesterday. Tho plaintiff was Miss Rachel Elizabeth Fish, who claimed £500 damages from her uncle, Rlohard "Wright, for breaoh of agreoment. Mr. Cussen appeared for the' plaintiff and Mr. Irvine for the defen dant. The oase for the plaintiff was that in the year- 1892 sho was carrylug on business as. a dxaper. in Great . Yarmouth, England, and from the profits she supported her sister and herself. Her unole, tho dofendant, who is a resident of Melbourno, wrote to lier asking if she would como bore and keep house for him, and It was finally arranged that she should do so. She accordingly disposed of her business, and came to Victoria with her sister. Tho defendant, who had married in tho meantime, refused. to carry out his part of tho agreement, and hence the aotion. The defence was that if any agreement bad been' made it was rescinded by 0 lottcr which defondant wroto to plaintiff before she left England, in whioh ho withdrew his offer, and forwardod her £20 as oompensation for any inconvenience sho might have boen put to.. Defendant paid £20 into court in satisfac tion of the claim. His Honor found in favor of tho plaintiff, aud awarded her £226 in addition to'tho amount paid into court, and ho assessed tho damages at £260 contingently in the event of tho Full Court holding that tho true measure of damages would bo the value of a comfortable home for 5 years at £1 per week. Tho will of the lato Matthew Lang, of Mel bourne, wine and spirit merchant, has been lodged for probate, : The deceased died on 2ad March last, .at Mporabbiii, leaving! a will dated 3rd April, 1878. The estate iavalued at £52,884 5s.. 3d., of ,whioh £1.8,367 6s. 8d.;,js roay aud £34,516 18s. 7d. personalty. The testator makes a number of small bequests to different relations, and directs that the income arising from tho estate shall be paid to his widow dur ing her life, and subsequently to his children. A condition is inserted tbat if tbe widow marries again she shall only be entitled to ono-fourth of tho income. The trustees appointed by tho will are testator's widow, Jane Lang; Alexander b'cott, James Scott and Matthew Lang, jun., his 1B011. The la&tnamed; died in East Melbourne on 29th April, 1886. A petition as to patent rights has oeoupisd the attontion of Mr. Justice a'Beokett in tho Third Civil Court for several days. . The petitioner was Marcel Certain, a civil engineer, rosiding at Covontry-strcot, South Moibournc, Who sought to havo a patont revoked which had beon granted to Dr. Andrew Honman, of Willi&mstown;, medical practitioner, on tho 24th September, 1889, for improvements In the manu facture of white load. The petitioner's case wan that in March, 1889, he was employed by Mossrs. AVhitolaw, Fulton and Butler to make experiments with the viow to tho improve ment of the manufacture of white lead, and whilo still ongngeil in the con duct of theso experiments ho accepted an appointment at Maria Island, Tasmania. Ho arrauged with Victor VuIIiez, a resident of AVil- lUtnstown, that the latter should pursue the experimonti, and ho liandotl over to liim a number of plans and specifications whioh he had prepared in connection with the matter. In Sep tember, 1889, Vullicz visited petitioner at Maria Island and obtained additional particulars relat ing to the subjoot. VuIHoz returned about the 19th September, and on 24th September nonmAn lodged the application for the patent. The petitioner's theory was that on bis return from Tasmania Vulliez must have communioated tho information whioh ho- had obtained from petitioner to Honman. Tho respondent denied having rcoeivod any informa tion from Vulliez, or any plans or specifications such as had been referred to. He further alleged that his invention was original with him, and if any oop'ying had been done it wob on the jmrt of iiie petitioner, ills Honor dismissed tbo petition with costs. Mr. Box and Mr. Ousien appeared for tho petitioner, and Mr. Noighbour and .Mr. Maokoy for >tbe reapbn-' dent. . - A burious series of transactions was investi gated in the County Court yesterday, in tho ease of Aokman v. Spann. Tho plaintiffs were Messrs. Aokman and Co., furniture dealers, of Smith-street, Fitzroy, and they sought to re cover from Mrs. Margaret Spann tho Bum of £50 damages for tho illegal detention of a wal nut suite of furniture. Mr. M'Arthur ap peared for tho plaintiff, and Mr. R. Ay. Smith for the dofendnnt. Tho ease for tho plaintiffs was that on 30th Novombcr, 1892, defendant, entered into an agreement with a Mrs. Nioholls, wbiolrpurported to bo a salo from tho former, to the latter of Mona Houso, South Yarra, tho consideration stated being £1500, of whioh' £40 was to be paid in cash, and tho balance in pro missory notes at 12 months. Mrs. Nioholls was to take immediate possession, and pay a rent of £2 per week. On 13th April, 1893, plaintiffs sold a suite of furnituro to Mrs. Nioholls for £50, of which £10 was paid at tho time, and tho balanco was payable by bills. It was furthor agreed in writing that tho property in the furniture should not nasi to Mrs. Nicholla till the balance was paid. The bills wero dishonored. During tho hearing of a case in the County Court on 21st June last, iu whioh Gamlin was plaintiff and Mrs. Spann defendant, the latter swore that tho furnituro In question had boon sold to her by Mrs. Nioholls about 9th May, togetbor with other furniture, for which sho had paid in tho aggre gate £104. The day after that caso was tried tho plaintiffs' solicitors demaudod the furnituro from tho defendant, who replied that sho would give it up on payment of £44, whioh Mrs. Nioholls had owed her for rent. It appeared that on 27th June tho defondant had issued a warrant of distraint againBt tho goods of Mrs. Nicholls, and had seized this furniture in pursuance thereof in satisfaction of her claim of £44 for rent. On 3rd July thb goods wero sold to a man named Cohen, who allowed them to roinain in the house It was put for the plaintiffs that the agreoment between the defendant and Mrs. Nioholls was a fraud, and was entered into meroly for the purpose of obtaining furniture without payment. The defendant, on the othor band, alleged that the agreemeut was genuine, and that Mrs. NiaholU actually did owe linr £44 for rent. His Honor gave judgmeut for the plaintiff for £50, with costs. As a consequence of the rovivnl of mfnihg at Stoiglitz there has been a domand for telo- graphic accommodation in the transmission of news, Aud tho post and telegraph authorities have decided to connect that place with Mero-, dlth by wire. The service will be by telephone, 011 the two-thirds result system to begin with, and will be under the charge of the post master at the present post office. Messrs. C. J. and T. limn advertise for sale to day, at their rooms, at 12 o'clock, by order of the mortgagees, freehold properties at Carlton, Elwood, Uawksburn and Hastings. We are asked to call attention to an announce ment that a course of Christian Evidence Lectures by Mr. Isaac Selby will commence this evening in the Christian Chapel, Lygon-street, Carlton. A public Held trial of the donblo furrow solid couifort riding plough, together with other agricul tural implements, will take place on tho farm of Mr. J. Kernun, Pasco© Vale, on Friday next, at 2.30. Mossrj. Keogh Brothers and Altard, cstato agents, wish to contradict tho statement mado in the report of tho fire at Port Melbourno which appeared in Tuesday's issue, that tho property belonged to them. They havo no connection what- over with it. The monthly meeting of tho Yictorian Horticul tural Improvement Society will bo hold this evening, at 8 o'clock, at the Horticultural Hall, Victoria-street. Mr. Joseph Harris, M.L.A., will lecture on Undeveloped Sources of Wealth. A'isl- tors aro invited. AVearo informed by Messrs. ITuddart, Parkorand Compauy that their steamer Tasmania is duo hero next Friday, after having completed her initial trip to West Australia, which In alt resuects lins betm a. success, uud tho owners havo decidod to turn her round, leaviug here for Wost Australian ports next Tuesday. We are requested to draw attontion to tho adver tisement of the National Wool Company of Aus tralia Limited, which appears in another column in which it is announced that tho wool Interosts of Messrs., Synunt Bros, have boen Incorporated with it. The particular foature of tho company is thh reduction of charges for tho salo of wool in Molo bourne. Tho directors of tho new company ara Messrs. James Mncineikan, Marcus Synnot and- William A Mcnzies. 