UKDER THE GREAT SEAL. A NOVliL. PART II. CHAPTER I. J.-nObTS or JUiARTS- I?E!.1I:HT. BY JOSKPH IJATTON, Author of '' Clytie," By Older cf the Czar," • •. > <_>!in Need ham's Doable," " Crw:i London, " A.. For twenty yeara Alan Keith disappears from view among the surf-swept reefs of -Babxai.a's thcueand islands. As hie gaunt figure fades out in the mist3 cf that mocking sunshine which found him alone tbe one living remnant of the St. Denis, tiinre arises in the natural course of this romance the lithe yovmg figure of David, his son. It looms up clear cut gainst the grey horizon of an English champaign -country bordering on the sea. They might be limned as human types of hoj<e and despair, this father and thia son. Away beyond the Spanish main Alan Keith, galled with manacles of body and soul, tried to gi ve to that of Hannah, his wife, a companion vision of David their worse than orphaned [ son. That he could never do so encouraged : him to beiieve the boy was living. It almost i made Lisa think that U10 deserted offspring was hapjjy. Otherwise he surely would have been able to -summons him to the darkness of hie cell. tuch is the love of man that Alan, all sin stained aud half crazy with fasting aud confinement, was able to win the sweet companion- j ship of unah from the Elysian fields. For j yeari, in his imagination, hardly a day had passed when she had not glided through tho massive walls of his prison to sit by hi? sijo and talk to him of t!m:r happy days. They had often spoken cf litile Ij^vid, speculating upon what might be his fortunes. Strange, too, that the p.ithetic gliojt of Hannah Plympton had no spiritual tidings of their son. 'this again argued fcr his life and happiness. Dead, he Mould asEuivdly have joined her with the saints. Unhappy, she would have had a mission to him of comfort and consolation. The Raoltrs heard their familiar prisoner in fcis neglected den talking as was his wont with unfeen \ifitors. The mad Englishman was indeed very mad since he DO longer complained of his lot, no longer craved for f f-i, ijut took the stuff they gave him with a 3ruUsr.1l smile. One day they would relievo him of his chains and unbar his door. But would it be death or human freedom that would make the award of ; libertyAnd what could so broken-witted a • creature do fcr himself in the strange world upon which liberty would thrust him? It would sure'j be best for him that he should die. Vet Alan in hia blcckest despair saw glimsee of a star shining afar off through the daikness. Happily for David's peace of mind his father was dead to him, though the heroic story of his life, as he had heard it from Sally Mum ford and road of it in documents signed by David Plympton, lived continually in hie fancy. To have known the truth about the prisoner of | Tarifa would have been a heavy burden for the generous-hearted and romantic lad to carry. He loved the memory of his father, could see him in his fancy sitting fn the porch of the great house with his mother, could see him in command of his avenging ship, fighting for freedom of his fellows, and paying the glorious penalty of his courage and devotion. YVhetlier he had any suspicion of the truth or not David's father was to the son a hero whose memory was worthy of reverence and veneration. Miss Mumford liked nothing better than to tell David storieB of Alau Keith's famous deeds, his kindness to her, and his devotion to his wife. Miss Mumford was an old maid for David's sake. She looked the character of a cheery spinster to the life. Her trim little home m a corner of one of the Yarmouth rows, with bright brass knocker and white lace curtains, was net le?s neat than herself. " It was a picturesque house, its windows full of flowers, the court or row, in which it wa3 the principal dwelling, white with lime wash, its pavements | red with freshly washed bricks. Hartley's-row at this point branched off into a sinall court, with three or four quaint houses that might have suggested to the traveller a stray bit of Venice, an ualooked-f jr incident in some straggling bit of street abutting on a back canal. Indeed, to this day there are by-ways in Yarmouth that might be by-ways of the city in the sea when l':ie sun shines and soft shadows fall from wiurlow pediments and over-hanging gables in wellkept rows that run off quiet and still from busy thoroughfares. j But Miss Mumford was more of a Dutch- i woman than a Venetian in the matter of cleanliness. Hc-r house, with its immediate approaches, was constantly washed and , brushed up. The window-panes shone, the , doorstep was as white ss the blinds, the very atmosphere of the place was immaculata. Miss Mumford and her neighbour, Mildred Hojje, in Hartley's row were the centre of a clean aud godly influence. Miss Mumford was only fifty, after all the years that had d over Heart's Content and Heart's Deii/'hv, v.'ith wreck End ruin, with sun aud storm. Here she lived once more in the country of her lathers, and, though a spinster, was still a mother to David Keith, beloved hy the gr;ieicus lad, and respected by all their neighbours. She had had a hard time of it when the new settlement at Heart's Content was broken up. Before the arrest of Plympton and the others the Master had been able to place in her hands sufficient moneys for her own and David's seeuri'-y against want. By his advice she had followed him to London, and had taken a Jogging ijiere not. far from the prison where he wat confined. "Piymptou'.'' "^raatfi was not of long continuance. He had influential irien^o at Court. His story was honestly told by one who knew it well. The time was favourable for I»JI its 1 VO cause. ^.LUC^I He JL V was *»AI3 honourably UUUU .U6UIJ acquitted O'^UIVINU of the thai-gee brought against him, and received a certain compensation for the loss of his property, which h9 duly settled in trust for David Koitb. This secured to the boy an education and a small income for life. With the moneys of which Miso Mumford was already possessed, the two were able to live in comparative affluence in Hartley's-row, at Yarmouth. If at th.s moment it seems odd to speak of Sally as Miss, you would be satisfied if you could hav> seeu her in her prim black silk with white fichu and apron, a pair of gold spectacles on bar no?e, and her grey hair dressed in two bunches of curls about ber thoughtful, pleasant face. She locked older than she was oa account of the troubles she had seen, and the responsibilities that Providence had placed upon her " unbeknown and unexpected." Fortunately, as well for Plympton's companion as himself, they were supported in their defence by ardent petitions for their release. Even Sfc. John's joined in the prayers of the last of the men and women of Heart's Delight and Heart's Content. Furthermore, the prisoners came before the Council by way of preliminary enquiry at tbe moment when the new < Governor, Admiral Sir Richard Godwin ICcats, was on the point of sailing with instructions for more enlightened government of Newfoundland that had been inspired by recent events in that unhappy colony, backed by tomething like a revolt of the merchants at St. John's. As evidence of this refractory spirit Sir John Duckworth had felt called upon to report the case of a merchant there, who had thought proper to dispense with the Governor's leave, and had violently attempted to build a house, whish. in a daring letter to the Sheriff, he had avowed his intention of letting as a dwelling-house. This attempt, moreover, was not that of an indvidual, but was instigated and supported by a company of merchants and settlers, who had raised a^fund, " the real object of which," declared the Governor, " was to oppose the government and establish the right of property upon a quiet possession of twenty years." This was no further back than the early years of the present century. In April, 1813, the new Governor was authorized to make many chances, one or two of which may be mentioned. The publicans of St. John's, in consideration of their licence to sell ardent spirits, had to act as constables; they were now to be relieved of this particular duty, and taxed for their privileges, the money thu3 obtained being set apart to create a civic arm ; for the proper preservation of peace and order. Grants of land at an annual quit rent for the purposes of cultivation were sanctioned, but with severe restrictions as to the rcnswal of leases; the memorial of certain admirals, a rigorous continuation of the enforced return of seamen after the close of each fishing season as heretofore, or for tbe right to seize them and bring them on board His Majesty's ship, was disregarded ; and further evidence was not wanting 011 all hands, for endorsement of tbe faith that had made Alan Keith obstinate in his hopes of a free Newfoundland, with rights to dig and delve and make the land blossom as the rose. Such was the generous mood of the government when David Plympton and his fellowa stood for judgment, and the magnanimity of thi- time has burdened the shoulders of Her Majesty's Ministers in our own day and hampered the natural progress of tha enfranchised island. Although France had been the disturber of the peace of Europe, and her ruler was chiefly indebted to Engl rod for his throne, Great Britain, utterly disregarding the petitions of Newfoundland and her own colonial and naval interests, and without any reason whatever, unless it was in the way of still discrediting and crippling the native settlers, voluntarily engaged to restore to tha French tli6 colonies, fisheries, factories and establishments of every kind which tbey had possessed in 171*2, on the seas and on the Con- ! tinent of America. It might be doubtful - whether after all Newfoundland had been successful trainiDBT ground for the British but it is the settled and expressed opinion of specialists that except for the peueious concessions of England as regards Newfoundland France mi?ht to-day be almost without a navy. So liberal also were the privileges conceded to America that in a short tiine thi? incentive thus given to foreign competition was soon the vause of serious embarrassment to the colonists. Duly impressed with the importance of the fisheries Ixith the French and Americans at at once established a system of bounties for their encouragement, and at the same time secured for their own fishermen a monopoly of their markets by a prohibitory duty on the import of foreign lish. This literally broke the financial backs of a vast majority of the ' Newfoundland merchants and fishermen. It was as if (Government relenting of her tardy acts of justice turned once more to rend the unhappy colony. The price of fish fell from forty-five shillings ]>er quintal to twelve. Many large mercantile firms became bankrupt. Others realized their property, and retired from the country. No less than nine hundred cases ai ising out of the general failure came before the Civil Courts. Bills to the value of a million sterling were dishonoured. The entire •colony was at a standstill for work, and the modest savings of the industrious classes were swept away. The Government had to send aid to the starving people, and did so with no unstinting hand. The innate pluck of the ' colonists, the recuperative power of the English people, eventually utilized the new • and beneficent laws of local and Imperial j Government; but to this day the magnanimity ; of the home Government to a beaten foe at < the expense of tbe colony is an ever-growing seed of trouble and danger. It was lucky all the same, as I have said, for Plympton" and the rest that their revolt, so called, had to be considered when the Government was in a forgiving and a generous mood. Plympton was released and to eome extent compensated; the others were permitted to take service in "her Majesty's fleet, in which capacity they disappear from these page_3. LestP,r Bentz, who sailed into port with the triumphant- St. George, was rewarded for his patriotic r~ices with an ofiieisl position on the Governor's staff. Cowardice and cunning had come out successfully in his ease, and he hai the satisfaction of bestowing an official snub upon Master David Plympton, whose business bad brought the two together, I'lympton as a (suppliant. Lester Bentz as an r.fficer of authority iu the colonial department. The Admiral of the St. Georgo had to report tho complete annihilation of the St. _ Denis, which had been used by Alan Keith for piratical purposes. It was debated whether , Keath and his men should be proclaimed malefactors: but a £>uper- sensible member of the Council of the Admiralty urged that they wasted time in discussing dead men. Moreover, there bad been something eailant in the way in which Keith had captured the brigautice from the King's enemy ; and it was plain that he had been driven to revolt and madnesE !.y tho overstrained authority of Ri.«tack aud the other fishing admirals, who bad used their powers for their own individual advantages: Keith and his fellows being dead —victims to their temerity in fighting an English bhij)—there let them rest. And this in effect was the verdict of the Court, whioh was too busy with a thousand living questions to do more at the moment than advance the promotion of the commander of the St. George aod authorize the speedy distribution of whatever prize money belonged to his ship. Lester Bentz had said something about the possibility of hidden treasures that might be found in the locality of Keith's hid ing-place ; but he was vague and hypothetical in his suggestions, and the Admiral of the St. George declared "fore gad" that any man was welcome to whatever they might dig out of tho God forsaken ooasts and creeks about Demon's Rock Plympton having arranged with one of the trustees of David and Miss Mumford for their removal to Yarmouth, where he had legal and othrr associations, went back to Newfoundland, and bueied himself there for some time, more especially in the northern territory of Labrador. Within a year or two he died, and WM buried by the side of his daughter Hannah, The settlers had cleared tho forest thereabouts and made a cemetery of the sacred spot. The pravejaid took in tho tree under which the dog j Sampson was buried, and upon the shadowing trunk of the tamaerack a plate had been let in bearing Sampson's name, with a brief jeference to the maimer of the dog's heroic death. And so the years passed sway, and the buried treasure of Wilderness Creek reared its triple-headed lie among the graves of the dead and gone, and took upon its stony front the same tokens of time and weather that marked the true mementoes. In winter these silent sentinels of the cave of Demon's Rock were white with snow and frost, ghosts of the icy wilderness. Summer found them green and grey with moss and lichnen. In later years an occasional traveller, pioneer of trade and commerce, missionary of civilization, prospector of metals, aud hidden stores of earth and sea, would cross himself or doff his cap at the sight of the little ccmetery with its three cairns that stood higher than the re-;t. as fate might have designed for a landniaik in the mazes of this strange eventful history, their mystic shadoivs creeping outside the stormy portal6 of Nisquapps and the Demon's ridge to light upon the fortunes of David Keith, the de=srted son of Alan, and others within the orbit of his influence for good or evil on the eastern coast of England. CHAPTER II. DAVID'S SWEETHEART. She was the only daughter of Zacc-heus Webb. He was a fisherman, well to do, and of j high repute along the coast, north and south, from Cromer to Yarmouth, from Yarmouth to Lowestoft. lie lived at Caister, aad had i helped to build tho look-cut station at Caister ! Point which i. a still one of the artistic details j of the wild coast.i:n<5 that adorns many a j draughtsman's study ^ of ' e2«t-Coa?t » scenery. , 11 I I Old Zacky, as his intimate trieaos lovsa SO C^si j bini, liked nothing better on quwt summer evenings, when he had leisure to smoke a pipe with the look out men and talk about the adventures they bad seen in the North Sea, and the ships that had been lost on the Scroby Sands and the Middle Cross. His favour-its theme when he was in an argumentative mood was to deny the possibility 8et up by Ju&the; Cubit that Eome day Scroby Sands might be a seaport, while Yarmouth would have gone inland deserted by the sea as Sandwich had—Sandwich in the Straits of Dover. But Zaccheus was not of a controversial disposi | tion, nor WOB he a man ol educational culture. I He could sign his name and make sufficient Bense cf figures to calculate his gains and profits and estimate the costs and risks of his business. His parents could have had no idea J of the possibilities of the character he would j develop _ when they _ gave him his unusual and difficult Christian name of Zaccheus, which according to the Hvriac is understood to mean innocence, br.t ••• • a true foreoast. Oid Zacky was m.^iihisticated a man outside his own business as can be well imagined, and as guileless even in his trading as is consistent with keeping a balance in your stocking or at your bankers. Zaccheus had with all this a certain ehrewd view of things that kept him not only straight with tie world, but forth— on and in front of his neighbours. Briefly it may be said of him that he knew his trade, believed in God, the Flying Scud, and hi daughter Elmira. David Keith hoped to marry Elmira Webb as soon as he had obtained his articles and should be taken into partnership by his master, a conveyancing lawyer and general practitioner, who thought more of the fine manly qualities of his articled clerk than he did of his fitness for professional life. Daviddidhisutmost to acquire suchlcnowledge as best pleased old Petherick, his chief. But he knew more about fishiDg than conveyancing. It came natural to him to sail a boat, interpret tbe signs of the herring season, and foreoast the weather. He was born for the sea, and an eccentrio fate had bound him to the law. Mr. Waveny Petherick was a kind-kearted man; he did not stand in the way of David's nautical enjoyments'; he approved of his engs^ement to Elmira Webb, and once a week gave the lad a half-holiday, on whicb occasions David donned such gear of oilskin and canvas as delighted the heart of Zaccbsas Webb, the smackowner of Caister. For most of the week David sat at his desk copying drafts or professing to read law, whilo his mind wandered away with the ships that came and went, moored for a little time opposite bis window to load or unload ; but on this summer day that is eventful in this history he made holiday, and it was in his mind to have it settled both with father and daughter whether he should be accepted truly as the future husband of Elmira Webb._ He had never closed his desk and put on his nautical suit of blue flannel and rough-tanned boots with such a business air. Besides, it had become necessary that he should look the future 1 full in the face, and there was no future for I him which did net give him Elmira as his wife and companion. Miss Mumford agreed with his intention to come to a final understanding with Elmira and her father. She had failed to impress David with his youth aud inexperioncu; she had argued that he might seosomfl other gin whom he could love, that Elmira knew but'ittie of the world, and ihab she might meet some other young gentleman whom she could care for more than ?ho cared for him. She had dwelt upon the inadvisahility of boys and girls being engaged before they could really know their own minds; but finding that David was desperately in iove, and believed himself to be a man, finding that Zsceheus Webb encouraged David's unmistakable pretensions, and that David had a fine prospect of being well-off in the matter of money, she encouraged him to have it oat with Elmira. When he left Hartley Row that afternoon to meet the jrirl, Miss Mumford wished him "good lack, s: and after be had gone wept tears of anxiety and hops, and said a little prayer for his unabated happiness. Mildred Hope, who was known as "the prison visitor," came in soon after David's departure, and Miss Mumford poured out to her all her hopes an£ fears. Mildred listened with a deeper personal interest than Miss Mumford understood, or than any one else could have dreamed of, for Mildred bad no wish beyond the good of others, no object in life except that of a true and unselfish philanthropy, young as she was, and, according to many, comely aad pretty. But Mildred Hope comes iuto thia romance a little later in tbe story. Meanwhile attention is called to David Keith waiting for the girl he loved with all the ardour of hisyouthfm and romantic nature. He stood upon a wind- swept ridge of the North Dunes, now shading his eyes tosoan the distant roadway that came cironitously from Webb's bouse, now watching the highway that crossed the sands from Yarmouth, now looking out to sea and in fancy lifting the veil of the future. So bad Alan, his father, looked out into the years to imagine a future the very opposite from that which lay hidden from mortal ken, to behold whi(& at any time might paralyze the strongest. To David the outlook was bright as the su ellmg tea at his feet. He could see it even through the stone walls and great tin boxes of Petheric-k's musty office. The walls and all the dingy maps and legal notices with which they were decorated would melt away before David's thonghtful gaze, and always along tbe bright road that lay before him he would rejoicc in the companionship of the prettiest, the smartest, the merriest girl in all the world, Elmira Webb. But she kept him waiting, this wilful beauty. She was a creature of caprice, way. ward, tantalizing, but David loved h?r all the morefor her feminine weaknesses, her coquetry, ber pouting, and her madcap follies. Was Ehe not ber father's pet ? Did not everybody in Yarmouth, when she went there, turn to look at ber in tho street ? And was she not her father's pet? Did she not outshine all the other beauties of tbe coast ? And was she not one day to be David's wife? If Zaccheus Webb trusted her with his heart and fortune, and ioved the very ground she trod upon, who was David that bs should be impatient with her fcr a single second ? Presently, behold she cometh, the pretty self- conscious maiden, brave in bright apparel, all in her Sunday-best—flower- decked tuscan hat, short-waisted summer gown with flowing eash, and dainty boots. She has been to the town—it is market-day; and, furthermore, she has been o;i business there for Zaccheus, her father, and needs must wear her best. She has been delayed oomewhat, too, and there is no time to change for the little sea-trip she has promised David, who iu bent on bringing in from her father's smack eome of the iish with which the Flying Scud is laden. Elmira, alighting from the mailcart that set her down on the road leading to her father s house, takes her way across the Dunes, and leaves behind her a long trail of tiny footfalls, prints of a dainty, high-heeled shoe, and the marks thereof are wayward and uncertain. Now they sink deep into the drifting sand, and leave but shallow shapes ; now there are heelmarks strong and firm, as if they emphasized eome passing thought, and now light and vague impressions of both sole and bed, level footfalls of a shapely silverbuckled shoe. While David waited for her and beguiled the time with imaginative pictures of their future, another marked her footfalls : one who knew her wayward nature without reading its imprint on the sand. They were friends, the boy who waited and the 111 an who followed ; the one true as steel, the other unreliable, and fascinating in a manly way, as Elmira was attractive in a certain feminine imperiousness that finds its most tender sympathizer in temperaments such as that which made David Keith her slave. Harry Barkstead had the kind of reputation that has a charm for many women, however innocent. He was overbearing with the sex, masterful, euspectcd of being on too familiar terms with the charming widow, Mrs. Ley ton- West, whose country house was adjacent t J his father's property, and he was known ta have made a conquest of more hearts than one among the high-bred damsels of the county who patronised the town on tbe great occasions of public state and ceremony. Opposite natures often fraternize the better for their contrasting individualities- David Keith admired Hirry Birkstead, almost envied liim l:is knowledge of the world and delighted to excursions with him in hi; yacht, and to shoot over the Breydon waters and trap the game by Orir.esby Lake and Fritton. Moreover, Harry was in David's confidence, knew all about his love for Elmira, and sympathized with him in his ambition, domestic and otherwise. Yet Harry could not, try as he would," keep back an unfair, if not unholy, inspiration of competition with his friend for Elmira's favours. He did honestly struggle against this unfriendly motion of his inclination, and when most hs thought he had conquered, Elmira threw ont signals of encouragement, and be went blindly on, aa he did on this summer day, following her in the hope that be might havo a pleasant h'it-a-tCie while old Zacliy was busy at tbe fishing. Thinking that she was going home, he resolved to call ou eome pretext or other, either to Eee her father or to ask after Divid, or with any other excuse, when she 6truck off away from the house, in the direction of the ijower Dunes by the sea. His curiosity was piqued. He followed, never thinking, however, that she had seen him, for wheie the little hills and valleys gave him shelter he took it, and wandered on, noting the impress of her footfalls, and dwclliae upon the sylph-like willowy motion of her splendid figure, line in fern", yet round r.nd supple ton. She saw the shadow of it on the sand, and gave it her own complimentary regard as well. She rejoiced in her beauty, she revelled in tho healthy beat of her pulse and the general sense cf elatics that came of both combined with ber veil-cut gown and artistic hat and summer flowers. Alan Keith had suffered rather that Hannah, his wife, loved him with as true a heart-beat as his own. How will David, his son, fare v.-ith a lore that is as uncertain as. an April day, cud yet is as bright as the sua that shine; between the showers'! There ors innocent, wilful, wayward beauties who only need tbe masterful hand of a true aud loving consort to make them all that mm can desire, who. like the bruised blossoms of of tbe field, send forth their richest psrfume beneath the pressure of a rough unmindful footfall. Some women need control in the strongest sense of masterful authority. All women are the better when their own natural tendency to tyrannize is held in check by the stronger will of a none the less affectionate lover who respects himself, and the man's ordained authority while he relinquishes to the woman all that belongs to her rightful share of power, and pays all difference to tha% very feminine strength which in man would ba counted weak. You never saw anything more bewitching than the dark-blue dreamy eyes of Elmira Webb, that were as arch as a grisette's at one moment and at another soft and enticing as that of tbe traditional houri. Sometimes in her very talk Ehe seemed to cling and seek shelter from the world's alarms ; at others she was self-possessed and defiant. She had mood j of merriment and moods of melancholy that Zaccheus, ber father, called the dolldrums, " the like of which was natural to gals." Her hair was brown and wavy. It was tied up in a bunch high upon ber head that showed sun-burnt neck, suggestive of sinuous strength. She was a trifle above the medium height just tall enoueh, David had long ago discovered, to the top of his shoulder, and David was within an inch of six feet. She had a fiasly formed flexible mouth, lips neither foil nor thin, but with a lurking smile or pretty sarcasm in thf corners that gave piquancy to her manner and point to all she said. She had a small nose, with a moderately open nostril, that suggested higher breeding than her station implied, and a beautifully modelled chin with a benevolent dimple in it contradicting other characteristic* of the face and head that naturally btlong to the selfish and inconstant. How these opposing qualities, good and bad, developed under the influences to which they were subjected remains to be seen. David Keith was the very opposite of Elmira Webb The contrast, no doubt, had for him a subtle charm. He was dark. She was fair. He was resolute and strong of will. She was fantastic and fickle. He was of powerful build. She was soft and willowy, lie had all the capacity of loving tV.it belongs to earnebt, generous natures, ahe hacked constancy. They were a very handsome, even showy, couple; she with her mischievous eyes and lively manners; he with his dark dreamy eyes, his thick black hair, his bronzed, open, honest face, and in bis walk the swing of a yovng giant. To think of him sitting on a high stool in Petherick's office was a wrong to j romance and to the boy's antecedents. He : had inherited something of bis grandfather's ! aristocratic appearance, but nadoroearh the j gentle nature his mother had givon him thraburnt thw Sres of ambition aud passion, oE j : which so far he had little or no cotiscioiMnrs?. except in the deep aud intense indignation | which was aroused in his nature by stories of wrong and oppression, and an oceisions.! yearning for adventure inspired by the romances of the sea and iar. i, which lit: r<\ad when he should have been siu'lyicpr i,h« muvty lawbooks that were to tit him fcr hii! career as Petherick's chief clerk aud iu the dim f-'tare Petherick's junior partner. " At last," the impatient, iid es-Haimad, " it seems an eternity sinc-s o'clock—f-'ii}' howsplendid you look!" He took her proffered hand as ehe stepped from the higher ground to a dip in the dunes, and then turning about to see that they wore unobserved, he took her faoe between his strong bft&de; and kissed her. " There now, you have rumpled my hat," sbesaid in her fascinating itn|>erativo way. " Serves me right, 1 ought to have changed its and my dress, tool; but I thought you would be mad if I kept you waiting." She turned her head as if she expected to see some one on the bank. " Mad, nothing could ever make me mad with you." " Oh, I don't know about that," she replied, readjusting her hat, aud, with an affected fastidiousness, stepping among the grey-blue marrams and over the eea-tbistles and yellow lavender that decorated the dunes. "Don't you see I have got on my Sunday shoes';" she said, in answer to his look of surprise. " Shall I carry youV"David replied, stopping to ask the question. "Carry me; no," she said. " I dou't think yon could." " Couldn't I, though!" tbe lad replied, putting ont his arniH. " Then you won't," she said, " I shall spoil my shoes for all that." "Shall 1 lei-d you mine?"' "How can I get in to that dirty boati" "I'll show you," said David, " when we get there." The beat lay in little more than an indentation of the beach, made by the constant dragging of certain yawls that were occasionally hauled up th> re by rope and winclass, and it was quite a distance from the ridge along the hilly dunes to the beach. Every now ind then when they were hidden from view David would stop to admire the fisherman's coquettish daughter, the like of whom for wit and dash—and for dreES and' vanity, some would add—the whole coast from the Wash to Hunstanton, towns and cities inclnded, could not show; and David delighted in the wayward, pretty girl, more particularly OD this day of all others when it seemed as if she had actually dressed for tbe occasion that to him was fraught with so much moment. At length they came to the boat, a lumbering kind of dmgey, with long oars and a rough biown sail etowed away on the bottom, a bit of old tarpaulin, smelling of fish, and a roomy seat that had been the work of David, fixed low down by the tiller. "Sand isn't dirt, you know," said David, " it really cleans things, and sand like this is good enough for Lawyer Petherick's pouncebox," jumping aboard and making a gigantic duster of the tarpaulin, and then dropping it over upon the sand. "I don't think 111 go," she said, meaning to go all tbe time. " I shall spoil my things. "Not-go," said David, looking at her, a very sailor-man in his rough jacket, and his slouch hat pushed back from his open forehead. She could not help adiriring him as she stood up for a moment and watched the anxious expression of his face change to delight when he understood that she was only playing with him. Then she mentally compared him with Harry Barkstead, the University gentleman, with his superfine manners and his boastful commanding ways. David plunged down and thrusting his long arms into the thurruck beneath the seat, which he had made for days of sailing when Elmira was more than usually difficult to please, he drew out a pilot jacket and a great woollen muffler, and constructed a cushion. "There!" he exclaimed, "now give me your band." Elmira could have vaulted into the boat with east, as she had done many a time, but Bhe enjoyed David's considerate acts ot courtesy. Tbey made her feel more of a lady and less like a fisherman's daughter, though in her way she was proud of her father. It was only when Harry Barkstead caUed at their cottage that she felt a little ashamed of her father's homely ways and want of education.- "It is all very well to start in a clean br>at, but bow will it be when we've taken on board a cargo of father's fish V" She had Been away in the distance the figure of Harry Barkstead, and could not help wondering why he had followed her and then disappeared as if he had dropped into the earth. He must be lying down in one of the valleys of the dunes. " Why V she wondered, in a carious and indefinite way. " If it comes to that," said David, " ws won't take in any cargo; we'll make a passenger boat of the Swallow. By the way, I wonder Zaccheus thought of calling a great lumbering boat like this the Swallow. Come, Mira; now see it is fit for any queen, and, therefore almost fit for yon." He took both her hands. She Bmiled and yielded, and yet Ehe wandered what Harry Barkstead could mean by following ber, and when he saw Dtvid waiting should stay behind and bide. She did not tell David what she was thinking of. " There you are," the boy exclaimed, handing her to the seat. " Never saw you look so lovely. Why your cheeks are as rosy as a Dutch apple." "Tell me something else that's disagreeable," was the 6haTp reply. "I hate to havered cheeks." And that was true, for her rivals said she drank vinegar to make them pale. They were pale as a rule—the delicate fairness that is rare as it is healthfnl. Then leaping ashore David seized the bow and tugged the Swallow into the water. It was no child's play to haul the dingey into the flowing tide; but David liked to test his strength and master difficulties. She was fairly afloat before he clambered aboard and pushed her intodeep water. Then.be laid hold of the oars and the Swallow began to dance lightly over the swelling water that "rippled past her, and laid tributes of weed [and shell along the yellow beaoh. " Your cheeks are red enough anyway,"said Elmira, as David paused to mop his burning face with a silk bandanna handkerchief which bad been presented to him by *' Sarah Mumford to her dear, dear young master, David Keith," as a birthday gift. "I expect they are," he said laughing, " they are hot enough, but I did not mean that your's were—you know what I mean, anything but lovely. I am a bad hand at a compliment." " You said they were red." "I meant that there was just a little flush upon them like" "Like a dairymaid," she replied, "you are too complimentary," and then when she saw a shadow of disappointment and anxiety fall across the boy's face she laughed and showed her white firm teeth, and cried, "There don't be silly, pull away'." and took off her long gloves that reached to her dimpled elbows, and laid her hand upon the tiller, putting the boat's head straight for the Flying Send. "Do yon know why I was impatient for your coming to-day, more particularly impatient I mean?" David asked, pulling easy, "of course you don't." "It is generally because yon love me so," she answered archly; " at least that is your excuse for being so rude as to tell me how late lam," " Well, that is always the reason, he answered, "today more than ever. I have something dreadfully important to tell you, something that nobody knowa as yet except my trustees and me." " It's secret, then she said. "Yes, a sort of a secret—at present, he replied. " You mean it will no longer be a secret when von have told me?" "Tbey do say women can't keep secrets, said David, " bat I believe they can do anything. I know you can, that is anything a woman might be proud to do." "Why have you taken to calling me a woman ail at once?" she asked. " I am not so old as you, and I am sure I never thought of calling you a man." "Then I realiy believe you will when I have told you what I was telling to the sea and the sky and the dear old dunes for lack of you when I saw you eome sailing along the sandhills like a fairy yac-ht on a fairy sea." "Very well, I am listening," she replied, "tell me while I put the Swallow's head about—here's a boat from the Scud signalling us." 