UNIVERSAL PRIESTHOOD V. APOSTOLIC SUCCESSION. The Rev. S. Mead preached a sermon at the Flinders street Baptist Church on Sunday morning on "Universal priesthood of all believers versus apostolic succession." The preacher took for his text the words, "An holy priesthood" (1 Peter, chapter ii., verse 5). He said the persons so addressed as con- stituting this priesthood were the Jewish Christians and believers in Christ scattered throughout pro consular Asia, and that it was utterly impossible to make this personal assertion apply to a particular class of minis- ters forming a profession. The statement was remarkable as being an avowal of Peter, to whom special words were addressed by the Lord, and whose name has been used as the foundation upon which to build up the immense superstructure of the Roman Catholic Church. Shake its foundation-stone and the supremacy of that Church trembled and tottered to its fall. As to apostolic succession he pre- ferred to quote the opinions of both Roman Catholics and Episcopalians. This was the account given in the first of the Oxford tracts:—"The Lord Jesus gave his spirit to the apostles ; they in turn laid their hands on those who should succeed them, and these again on others; and so the sacred gift has been handed down to our present bishops, who have appointed us as their assistants, and in some sort representatives." Further it went on to say—"l know that the grace of ordina- tion is contained in tbe laying on of hands, not in any form of words. Yet, in our own case, as has ever been used in tbe church, words of blessing have accompanied the act. Thus we have confessed before God our belief that through the bishop who ordained us we re- ceived the Holy Ghost, the power to bind and loose, to administer the sacraments and to preach. Now, how is he able to give these great gifts? Whence is his right?' Has he any right except as having received the power from those who consecrated him to be a bishop. He could not give what he had not received. It is plain, then, that he but trans- mits, and that the Christian ministry is a suc- cession. Enlighten the people on this matter. Exalt our holy fathers the bishops as the re- presentatives of the apostles and the angels of the churches, and magnify your office as being ordained by them to take part in their minis- try." In the Oxford tract No. 7 the following occurred:—"As to the fact of tbe apostolic succession, it is too notorious to require proof. Every link in the chain is known from St. Peter to our present metropolitans." Archbishop Whately, of Dublin, had said —"There is not a minister in all Christendom who is able to trace up with any approach to certainty his own spiritual pedigree." A Roman Catholic canon, had remarked — " Whosoever shall affirm that there is not in the Catholic Church a Hierarchy instituted by divine appointment, and consisting of bishops, presbyters, and ministers, let him be accursed. Whosoever shall affirm that bishops are not superior to presbyters, or that they have not the power of confirming and ordaining, or that the power which they have is common to them and presbyters, or that orders conferred by them without the consent or calling of the people, or the secular power, are invalid: or that those who are not properly ordained or instituted according to ecclesiastical or canonical power, but derive their ordination from some other source, are lawful ministers of the word and the sacraments, let him be accursed." The late Bishop Lightfoot says— "It is a fact now generally recognised by theologians of all shades of opinion that in the language of the New Testament the same officer is called indifferently bishop-episconus or elder presbyter-presbutebos. Presbyters were already well known in tbe Jewish synagogue, and it was not unnatural, there- fore, when the Christian synagogue took its place by the side of the Jewish, a similar organisation should be adopted, with such meditation as circumstances required; and thus the name, familiar under the old dis- pensation, was retained in the new. Thus 'Presbyter' had a Jewish origin ; its synonym as a designation of office —-'episoopus'— clearly proclaims its Gentile descent." The Rev.J. G. Rogers declared that the Roman Catholic priest "in himself may be little or nothing—a peasant's son, trained and educated for this exalted office, rude in manners, if not uncultivated in intellect—but as a priest he has power over princes, and a right to dictate to them. At most they do but embody the material forces of the earth; he is the servant of the Lord of heaven, and, in a degree at least, his representative on earth. Their field of rule is limited ; his is universal. They deal only with the rewards or penalties of time ; he with those of eternity. They can but punish the body: he claims a sovereignty over the soul, and summons all the powers of 'the world to come' to uphold his rule and enforce his mandates. What he asks he demands, not because of his wisdom, or learn- ing, or eloquence, his eminent piety or distinguished services, he may or may not have any or all of these, but he makes it clear that bis authority is not based on them, nor on any individual quality at all, but on the fact that he belongs to a holy order, whose force is behind him. He is in fact the incarna- tion of that idea of authority which the Romish Church asserts. The individual is to think as he teaches: is to pray as he directs; is to look at sin in the light in which he regards it; and to estimate different sins at the value he attaches to them : is to humble himself in such fashion as he may dictate; to submit to such penances as he may impose; to make such sacrifices as he may exact: and in all things to accept him as guide, director, and confessor. He is a man, but he enjoys a light and possesses a grace denied to others who are not of the sacred order." Mr. Mead remarked that the original term "hearas" was never found in the New Testament applied to any apostle, priest, or minister. It was only applied to the priests of the Jewish temple and to our Lord in the epistle to the Hebrews. 