WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? .Ins. 1,. 11., JEvrseGes o lives at 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in good order. One night early in December (1891) the two womenr locked all the 'doors and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left:the.gas biiidig. however, in the front parlour. At about- half-pist eleven they returned, and entered the houise laughingand talkiig; Blut s they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of them in a second. - Right in the middle of the room stood a dark.man ~f gigantic Gature. The upper part 6f his face wasc.eoncealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through the eycholes in it. -His shirt-sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. ;The womdn fled screaming from the. room, aind when Mr.. Jeinings came in lire minutes later he found no one in the parlour aniid all the doors and windows :securely. locked: What was it the women saw .1 '.' During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, " I had slept badly fur. several successive night'l. Onithe foirth of these nights about 2.o'clock, I:was suddenly aroused from a doze by "what seemed like the calling of my.nanme and at the foot of the bed stood the image omy mother just-as she looked five years before, as phe was leaving home tb go on.a journey, on.which journey she .was killed in a railway disaster. ; I screamed and fainted.. I:: was foolish'enough to tell of it,'and the lo al?ld wotnen gossips said it was a suimmions and I wonld.neyer get well. Yet I did; and am in perfect health now. I believe 1thiit :.si'oi' ,came of my weak nerves, for I've never.seen it:?ince; and it's idre than three years .ago fow." SNo doubt it was the nerves.. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will. play, off on you whlen yor system is out of condition. Tti .March; 1890S it was; that" Mis:. Jane Foster,- of Darrscott Rohd. 'Pokesdown, Hfants,.wrote as follows :-' '.I was so.dread. fully nervous' Ic could not bear anyone in the room.with me, yet I.did not wish them far away in case , should call out for help. This was in, June, 1889;. :I slept ery badly, and in the inorning felt little the better for havinggone to. bed. ,There ,was -oten-.. severe pain in my head and over my'eyes, and:I-was sickinost' of thi' time.," M"skin was dry- and yellow? anid.the stomna?h'and bowels felt cold andl'dead. By-anid-bje'e. I hadto'lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he did'nt'know iwhat my complaint was.' I took nothing but liquid food; and could'ieot retain. even that .on my stomach. By this time' l was inothing libt slinarind bone. ! My memory' completely failed. r-~ 3y head-ached so. dreadfully: I- thought I'sbonld, lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better: S"'I had'given up all hopd whefio, e day m rs. West, of Boirnemioitli, called ,and asked what I was taking.-She:told me 'she was heiself once jest as ?bidly off, -and was cured by) Mother Feigel'sOurative ,Syrup. As she seemed to have so mueh faith in this medicine, I tried "it. and in. three'days I was able to a!lk nacross the ronm, and by the end of the week 1,went .downstairs. : Now I. am as 9elL as ever... I can eat and digest my food, and all'my nerviousness has left me." The malady Mms.Foster suffered from was indigestiodn and dyspepsia;aiind nervous pro straction. - The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident, and the system mllied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. ?Whatever may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and soundn mean nothing more or less than a. set of nerves all. upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. -liosts come from the insideoof the. person who sees thmnt, and when Mother Seigel 's Srnp. does.its work the eyes and ears entertain only:vishat is natural and whqlesogi ..: " . -. ' " , . - .2 