The Fatal Treasure. !«>» A STORY OF THE BLAGK FOREST. - \- | nianrs besekved. j by IVAN DEXTER. a . - CHAPTER XIX. — Continued. The new-comer gazed like one fascinated at the sight and, as lump after lump of the precious metal was taken out of the box and transferred to Hilton's pockets, the eyes of Annytage seemed to almost burn into the glass. " By heaven !" he muttered, " that old fellow has discovered the treasure we are seeking. I wonder who he is ? If he were tho devil himself," he added fiercely, "I must have that plunder !" "With a diabolical expression on his evil face, he watched Hilton empty the box and then break it up and set fire to it. " He knows the gold is stolen, at any rate," was his comment, as he saw the box placed in the fire. .When the weary man inside the hut drew the stool to the fire and became drowsy, the watcher set his lips together and for some time appeared to debate with himself what he should do. " He is only an old man," were the words that issued from Lis mouth when he unclosed it. 44 TTiri course is nearly run and it will be very little harm to help him over the river. ;> I must have the gold and there is only one way to get it, so I had better make up my mind to follow that course." Thus communing with himself, Arinytage gradually sneaked round to the door. When r he got there he paused for a moment, appa rently irresolute. Taking ont a clasp knife from his pocket, he looked at it for a few mo ments and then pat it bock. " No !" he said, 44 1 will not do that if I can help it ; but I must have the gold 1" He said no more but, turning round, his eyes rested on a small sapling lying close to him and, picking it up, he noiselessly opened the door and looked into the room. Hilton was still slumbering and unconscious of dan ger. With a cat-like tread, Armytage entered the room and, walking up behind his victim, dealt him a terrible blow on the back of the head. Without a single cry, the old man fell off the rough seat and lay motionless on the floor, whilst his assailant nervously proceeded to rifle his pockjjg- 44 1 don't half like toucliing him, for it is hard to say whether he is dead or only stunned," Armytage said ; 44 bnt I must have the gold. Pooh ! what is it, after all?" Fortified, apparently, with his reflections, he bent over the motionless man and, in a business-lik . way, soon transferred the gold to himself. In one pocket he found a book containing a few papers and this he also took. When he had taken everything he could discover, he noticed, with some alarm, that there were a few slight stains of blood on bis clothes. Hie blow he had given his victim had broken the skin and the blood had slowly trickled from the wound. Very little had flowed, but it was sufficient during his hasty search to stain a portion of his clothes. He looked at the few crimson stains with a slight shudder, aud then at the still form lying prone on the floor. Hilton's last qnest was apparently over, and the hidden treasure of the Black Forest would trouble him no more. With something like awe, Armytage went aud opened the closed door. He looked out, but all was as stall as death. 44 1 must be getting away from this," he muttered. 44 If I were discovered here, with this in the room " — and he turned and looked at Hilton — 44 it would be as much as my life would bs worth. I wish, too, I had not got these few stains. They seem to me like ill- omens. I must get away at once." He picked up the bag of gold and with guilty fear crossed the clearing around the hut. As he ncared the edge of the timber a sound behind him caused his heart to give a wild start. It was a loud cooee and, as the frightened man turned round, he saw a waggonette just emerging from the bush at the extreme end of the clearing, aud the occupants were evident ly calling to him. Who could these people be? They were no doubt harmless travellers, perhaps lost aud wanting information from him ; hut to go back now, might mean death to him. The appearance of 100 policemen could not have caused him more terror than this small party of three, one of whom was a woman, as his hasty, glance sufficed to tell him ; but the distance rendered the features indistinct and recognition impossible. He must fly at once, or they would soon discover what was inside the hat; and his presence there, especially if he were seized with the gild on him, would look very sus picious. As another cooee smote his ear he turned and plunged into the forest. With many a. startled look around, as the least noise fell upon his ear, the murderer pursv " Ms path across the wooded ranges and dense undergrowth of the valleys. Although there was no eye on him save the all-seeing one of God, his guilty fancy peo pled the solitude with lurking spies and un seen enemies. It was not that terrible ad monition, 44 Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord, I will repay !" that he feared so much, it was the weak and fallible punishment of his fellow men. -i' . CHAPTER XX. ox the fabm. When Sheridan and Armytage arrived at the farm they found matters in a very un satisfactory state. The hands, not having a head to guide theiu, had taken things pretty much as they pleased. They had the oppor tunity to 44 loaf," aud they took advantage of it. Sheridan, who was still in the toils of his companion, was in no humor to attend to the routine of farm work, and Armytage profes sed entire ignorance of such duties ; but the presence of the master infused a little more \- -activity into the men, and the work soon im proved. The farm was a fairly comfortable one. With the frequent additions made to it, the area now comprised 700 acres, and about 150 . t le owner to the farm there was some diffi culty in obtaining room for him, and after a while he expressed his willingness to share the same quarters as the leading hand on the farm. For some days after their arrival Sheridan could not be induced to leave the house to search for the missing treasure. He really wished to avoid his companion, and stayed at the house for that purpose. I Finding all his efforts to induce the farmer away from the house useless, Armytage took excursions alone. At the end of a week he persuaded Hie en slaved man to accompany him and point out the spot where his plough had struck the hidden box, but that did not assist him in the least in the prosecution of his design. She ridan, being now in one of his more agree able moods, accompanied Mm through the bush for several days, but he soon relapsed into his secluded habits, and Armytage pur sued his wanderings alone. The spirit of the place seemed to be upon Mm, for immediate ly he had breakfast be would fill bis flask and start into the forest. The whole day he would spend walking aimlessly about, peer ing into the scrub and here and there tinning over the dead leaves, wMch in places lay tMckly on the earth. At times he would obtain a lever and turn over logs, in the hope that something would be revealed that could assist him in Ms quest. The farm laborers frequently met Mm in Ms solitary walks, and they soon came look upon Mm as demented. He had more than once visited Black burn's abandoned hut, for the place seemed to possess a curious fascination for 1dm, and about three weeks after Ms arrival at the farm-house he found himself at midday for tbe third time- in close proximity to the liiit'. Jt was 011 this occasion that he committed the brutal attack on Hilton recorded in the last chapter. After getting away from the place he re mained concealed near the farm-house until darkness came on, so that he could enter un observed. He had been lying in the scrub about two hours when he was suddenly aroused by the sound of footsteps on the crackling under growth and, with a hunted look of fear, he jumped to his feet aud was about to -retreat, when, through a small opening in the tMcket, he saw Sheridan approaching and at the same moment the former caught sight of Mm . Flight was now impossible and, with min gled feelings of fear and satisfaction, he waited for tho unexpected new-comer. He was frightened to be discovered in Ms present state of agitation, but he felt a satisfaction in seeing that it was the farmer who had come ou Mm. 44 If he has me I have him !" was his thought. Sheridan was rather taken aback at the wild appearance of Ms guest, for Armytage invariably preserved a calm demeanor. He looked at him for a full minute before he spoke and then said : 44 What on earth is the matter? Vou look as frightened as if you had seen a ghost." The man "addressed tried to look uncon cerned as his companion spoke, but the at tempt only ended in a shudder. He had at first thought of concealing the gold from Sheridan, but the latter's sudden appearance prevented him carrying out that idea, and he concluded it would be better to tell Mm of Ms luck. 44 No ; I haven't seen anything to frighten me ; but, through my persistent hunting for the treasure, I have been rewarded in finding a portion of it. I discovered one of the boxes a couple of hours ago. I had some difficulty with it; and, what with hunger, labor and excitement, I suppose I do look somewhat queer." 44 Found the gold 1" exclaimed the farmer. 44 Where did you find it ?" "Dowu at the — that is to say, about two miles from here, carelessly planted in some scrub. I looked for the other boxes, but-found no trace of them," answered the embarrassed man. 44 1 will go with you to-morrow, and we'll make a better search. We must get the re mainder. We will never be content until we do," spoke Sheridan excitedly, with the old gleam of avarice in his eyes. "Yes; to-morrow we will go. It is too late now." 44 Come up to the house and let me see what you have found. I am all anxiety." " I don't want to go before dark," an swered Armytage. 44 If the farm hands sec me carrying this bundle and looking excited it might raise their suspicions, and we don't want that." 44 You are right !. you are right !" assented Sheridan. " The less talk there is the better. We must keep onr business to ourselves. I will stay with you, and if anyone comes by it will disarm suspicion." 44 Yes ; that will be best. It will be dark in another hour, so that we will not have long to wait." The two men sat down with flushed faces and, in hoaTse whispers, conversed until dark ness had gathered around. Then they went cautiously in the direction of the house, Ar mytage ever and anon casting guilty looks around as if he was haunted by the ghost of his supposed victim ; and when they reached the homestead Sheridan took his companion into his own room unobserved. 44 You must stay in the room with nienow, as you cannot remain with my overseer, who would be almost certain to find out the gold. I will make a bed up here, and then we can arrange our plans without fear of interrup tion or discovery." Having thus decided, Sheridan had a second bed put in the room, and during the night his companion showed him the gold he had found, . keeping back, of course, a few bars for himself. 4 4 There is a small fortune there, ' ' remarked the farmer to Ms companion . " We must be in luck's way. First I discover a box and now you find another." 44 By all just rights, as we have entered into a partnership over tMs matter, I should retain what I 'have found," replied the latter. 44 You have given me only a fraction of your find, aud I don't think I should halve this find with you. That will make us about square." 44 Oh ! 4 Honor among thieves,' you know. You surely would not act as you say. I al ways gave you money wheu you asked for it, and what more could you expect ? You will divide with me, surely !" 44 I'll make a fair bargain with you, Sheri dan. I'll repay you what you advanced to me, and then we can cry quits. We will then be on an equal footing, and if we find any more of the 4 plant ' we will go halves with it. You ought to be glad that I shall be no further trouble to you, as I have pro vided for myself now." 44 1 don't think that is fair. I want half the gold and I will have it. I wouldn't do such a thing on you." 44 1 tell you I will not give you half of it," Armytage replied angrily. 44 You didn't give me half of yours, and you roust be c-on- I tent with what you get. If you denounce me to the police I will do the same with you -and we'll both lose everything." The determined tone of the man convinced Sheridan that it would he useless to argue further with him then, and after reflecting a little rime he said : " Well, don't let us quarrel about it. I know you are a good- hearted fellow, and I will trust to your honor for a fair division. Perhaps to-morrow we may find more,and we will be content." It is very easy to talk of "to-morrow," I but it never comes to some people. Thousands who look upon the setting sun with bright hopes and plans for the future in their minds, never again see the glorious orb of day illumine the world ; for, in daylight or dark, that tireless reaper Death pursues Ms course, and ever and always the human harvest is being gathered in by the Sickle of tho Gleaner. CHAPTER XXT the ihsee's cuese. Women and wine are generally understood to be the ruin of men who go wrong on life's highway, but whilst there is a good deal of truth in the statement, it is quite beyond doubt that gold is responsible for more human wrecks than the other two causes combined. Money is a two-edged weapon. It will cut both ways. It is potent for good or ill. For, while it can be made the means of in calculable good — of rescuing the waifs and strays of the world — it can also be used to drag down the best of humanity. There is probably no curse so terrible as to be a miser. The burning thirst for gold saps np the genial springs of life, and the affec tions that should be lavished on his kin are bestowed by the miser on his money-hags. He lives for nothing else but hoarding gold, and he is a useless excrescence on the human race. Racked with fears and forebodings of loss, he never knows what content or happi ness is, and Ms life in reality is an accursed one. Michael Sheridan was not, in the full sense, a miser, but he had tlic seeds of the com plaint in his composition, and they only needed something to feed 011 when they would burst forth luxuriantly aud produce a rich harvest of results. After his unsatisfactory interview with Armytage, he left the bedroom and went to another part of the house, where he seated himself at a tabic with a bottle of brandy in front of him. Time after time he helped himself to the fiery liquor and, with his el bows on the table aud Ms head between his hands, he remained for hours in profoundest thought. At length the drink began to take effect, and he muttered, aloud : 44 1 must have half, and I don't see why I shouldn't have the lot. lie found it on my land and it belongs to me. He'll not leave here with it as he thinks he will. I must stop Mm somehow." Then, after a long pause, he raised his head and said : " I wish the wretch was dead ! If he was any good he would have died before this. He is like an ill weed, or ouc of those twisted and useless trees which the woodmen pass by while they fell the good ones. If he would die I'd he content." With these savage words on Ms lips his head sank on the table in a heavy slumber, and he only awoke as the morning sun streamed in and the bustle and noise outside awoke Mm. 44 Where did you get to,- last night? You were not in your room," asked Armytage, when he met Mm later on - 44 1 fell asleep iu a side-room over a drop of brandy, and slept until morning The queer look on Sheridan's face as he spoke to Ms companion did not escape that keen observer's notice. 44 You don't look well, my friend, and you are actually shivering," he remarked. 44 1 have caught cold sitting up so foolish ly all night, I suppose, and I st say that I don't feel well," was the reply. Armytage had no wish that Sheridan should accompany Mm that day as he had his own plans to lay, and the farmer, who felt somewhat conscience -stricken when he re membered his thoughts of the previous night, also wished to ke alone, and he said : 44 It would be only tempting providence for me to go out to-day. I will go to bed." TMs exactly suited Armytage, for it would be, to say the least, inconvenient to point out where he got the gold, and next day he in tended to quietly depart with his booty, without giving Sheridan anything. The thought of his victim lying in the wood cutter's hut was haunting Mm, and he wanted to get away from the district ; yet some indefinable- impulse urged Mm to re main. 44 1 will stop another day, at any rate. NotMng will happen in that short time, aud then I will leave here forever and leave my . avaricious and gambling friend to himself and Ms cards," he thought. 44 Don't you think we had better let our search for the gold stand over until to.-nior- row ?" he spoke aloud. 44 1 think so, for I am in no humor to go to-day," replied Sheridan. " A day will not make much difference, and in the morning wo will make a good start and, I hope, meet with more luck," re plied Armytage. During the forenoon Sheridan never spoke a word about the gold, which somewhat sur prised his companion, who expected him to renew his solicitations for an equal division. At mid-day he went out, telling the fanner ho would return in hour or so. He had changed his clothes and wrapped the ones he had worn on the previous day in a bundle, as he was so suspicious of discovery that he was determined to destroy them on the first opportunity. He had no actual reason for this course, only that indefinable' dread wMch seems to perpetually haunt the murderer. When he had gone Sheridan walked with hairing steps across the yard to a store-bouse some little distance from the main building. The door was locked, but, taking a key from Ms pocket, he opened it and went inside. After shutting and re-locking the door, he searched the shelves, aud at last found a small cannister, which he took down and opened. It was nearly full of a white powder and, .taking a piece of paper that lay on the floor, he put some of the powder into it and re placed the cannister ou the self. Putting the package in one of his pockets, he opened the door aud retraced his steps to the house. When Armytage went away he had no fixed intention of going to any particular place. TTis steps led him in the direction of a paddock where large trees were burning for clearing purposes. The sight of the roaring flames brought to Ms mind the suit of soiled clothes, which he had wrapped in a bundle and left in the bedroom. 44 1 was a fool to leave that parcel behind mo. The sooner it is destroyed the safer I will be. I'll go back and get it now aud burn it. No one will notice me." Reproaching himself for his foolishness in not at once destroying the clothes wMch he seemed so anxious to get rid of, he went back to the house and entered the bedroom unperceived. He had taken the precaution before leav ing to take nearly all tbe gold with him, and only a small portion had been concealed iu the room. 44 It's not safe to trust Sheridan," he thought; " but even if he takes this small portion it won't be much of a loss." As he lifted up the bed-clothes for the bun dle he had hidden there he uttered a low cry of dismay, for it was gone. If he had just been sentenced to death he could not have been more terror-stricken than he was at that moment. He sat down on the bed trembling — after first turning it over and searching the room in the hope that he might discover the bun dle somewhere about ; but Ms search proved fruitless. — To be Continued 510 F T 11 