• h i i f l M ^ r «-" ' laUO. WALTER BBNTLEr SEASON. v,., • a , . •. , Although the clamny hand of depression haakeptafirm hold of business Mercantile „ J«iB«*ton, during tiie j»st week quite fliemntaryljM.^n the « mth the Bentley season at the .Academy; and tho endeavours on the part of the P tttrone tosecure S 081 ® early, has caused the Managed to gll?te Iiand? with themselves and smile in a loud tone of voice. Our last obsarrafaons on the ddineations of the modem Boscius ceased with, the production of Richelieu. On the following night the ^lime tnigody of Macbeth was placed before the footlights, and although Mr. Shakespeare thought twice was sufficient to introduce the Ghost of Banquo to the, .audience in the banquet scene, Mr..Bentley thought different introduced him ,a third time, and also ma^e ^ presence visiblo to Lady Macbeth, actfcumsteiice Shak^^ The omission of Locke's music, and the familiar lines of " Why should I play the Soman die on mine own Bword," savours o £ T i ^ i ^ ^ ^ ' l ! - ? ' The total disregard for details embodied in the fact of Macbeth appearing in the same togi in the last act as lie did in the first, although a period of several years b supposed to have elapBed between these events, forces the conclusion upon us that the king must have been very hard up, and causes 'us to think that Macbeth is the weakest of Mr. Bentle/s Shakespearian reP' Hoire < notwithstanding that he was ably eUpported by the veteran Lachlan McGowan, the yonthful H. E. Boberts, who, by-thc-way, is a son|of one of the most capable stock actors tllat cver trod the Australasian stage, (the late Dick Boberts), wHUe E. B. Bussel, and Harry gtoneham, whose experience of a <juarterof acentur5rbeforethefootlights,make them master of any piece they are entrusted with. On Saturday night the one man play of " Tho Bells," kept possession of the boards, butjpreparations for the Sabbath, and a close adherence to business principles consequent on the practice of late shopping, prevented many from witnessing the wonderful impersonations of the conscience stricken Mathias. Qn M and Tuesda ni llt6 the s. tinating lo^cr of tUo seLational drama, was forcibIy reminded of his slothful habits long before eight o'clock by the announcement if large black letters "stalls full," and the discriminations of the cncrgetic and oVtS dress circle, wliUe every foot of space in the pit hold its man to witness the production of the" Silver King." Why this thu.ness is beyond our comprehension, as the piece itself is as devoid of literary merit as a billiard tile n^t "njoI U d f t ntreating the Diety to reverse the laws of nature for his especial benefit. We do read in a, certain book of the Diety obliging a b^len^iTSd t rTe™ tLu^erse a day so that a drunkard, gambler, and self- o better in the future would have met the case, inspires us with the thought that the ^ ^ King,"anyhow. B„tamends were made for an all uui tliis oy by me the proaucwon production 01 of me the "Lady urnjot of Lyons, y0n8i »aid 1 _ j n.. " and part of " i_ Merchant Mcrcliant of /»._•> Venice," ]md tho season been confined to tho n production of " Hamlet," " Richelieu" "David Garrick," and the two pieces just mentioned, the public would have still been under a debt of graiitude to Mr. Bentley and his capable company. 