HE WAS IN LUCK. A tall, dignified-looking gentleman stood facing an unoccupied hoii.it! in a prominent West Side street the other day, closely scanning a large white sign which hung in the front door. The house was a handsome modern structure, two storeys high, and had evidently been built by some wealthy man for residence purpose-', but was now adver tised as being 'For Kent.' ine ['Uu iimn jiuu jusi, iiiumicu uiKing observations and jotting down thu owner's address in a small notebook, and was turning, to leave, when n neighbour came along and pleasantly remarked : 'It's a pity that a fine house like this should stand idle for such a long time.' ' Why, how long has it been idle?' ' Well, the last tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner cun't (ind anothor who is brave enough to live in there.' ' What's the matter with it? Danger of collapsing ? ' 'Oh, no. The house is built solid enough. Tho great trouble is that it's haunted.' 'You don't say!' And the tall man seemed to grow moro interested. ' It's a fact. Every Wednesday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighbourhood aro startled by a series of wild, blood-curdling yells; and immediately alter that two white figures appear at the upper windows. I've seen them myself ; ' and the good man shuddered as he thought of it. 'Have you any idea what rental tho owner demands for the v-'iolo house ? ' ' Yos, I heard him say ho'd let anybody have it for five dollars jior month.' 'Five dollarii a month! Great Cwsar ! but that's a bargain. Guess I'll take it bofore some other fellow gets ahead of me.' ' But wouldn't you bo afraid of living in a house infested with spooks '!' 'Oh, I'm quite used to thorn. lama spiritualist, and as I hold my seances every Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks ?will eome in very handy. You'll excuse me, sir, while I go and seo the owner and sign a lease for ninety-nine years.' And as ho walked off, he muttered to himself. 'Fivedollars a month, and twofull-fledged ghosts to boot ! Tjmjs, indeed, a bargain.' 