OUR PAltIS LETT ICR. (FI10H OUlt 1-AliTS COKItnSl'OKDENT). FATUS, MARCH ILLI. Like Bamjuo's ghnst, Panama will persist; in "taking the chair." Public opinion would to delighted to have the who'e matter in the deep hopom of the ocean buried-till the Ortolwr general election.* ; it .seems that no jintti.T how it may be ''scotched," it cannot be " killed." It bids fair to resemble the poor rver with us. The recent trial of tho directors litis R*t the ttonch and the 15nr at !oir«:«,,rlii>:uK Fvj-ti-n has obtained portions of tkindictment for bribery wlituli will be li«inl Icf-iro a jury ; these premature revo lutions nrc verbatim examinations of Messrs FI'.kjuH, do Ireycinct and Clemenccau before tliejvilico magistrate Frautpierille rn camaui. Their evidence is contradictory as to d^tes, nntlonc is forced to deeidc between the a&rriions; of 3f. Charles d« Lesseps and their eppo?ing .statement;'. Patience for the cn»ss-exaniiiiaticms in open court aud the ivrtaimy of surprises. The Fi'Wio'* special commissioner sent to the I^thnms to examine the state of tho enterprise th risi<, has handed in liis report nccompmied with explanatory sketches. It strikes the reader as being" nn impartial and cvrrcclVlwument ; extenuates nothing, nor Fcfc down aujrlit in malice. Its immediato cffect will be to kill any reviving intention to privately finaneo a resurrection company. In a few buhl touches tho writer focuses the Htnation: The .shareholders subscribed 1400 niiliicn franco ; Ml millions, including all ex truliim estimates-Eiffel's to wit, were ex pended on tho work, tho rest for materiel. The snrrerel value of the canul in its present silvdge condition is 300 millions?, of winch 70 f<«r plant and the b:ilance for aeliicved work The writer brings out for the iirsU t^me this important fact,that all tho work accomplished was the easiest in the enterprise, but that the mil difiieultiis remaiu difficulties still, so have no report with -work terminated. Nay more, the commissioner, who was aided bj* tcrhnieal authorities, asserts that the flourish of trumpets executed over the two ends of the canal, so far opened, do not represent at b.-sl more than one-fourth of the total work to in.1 executed. It will require 1050 millions to tennitiatc the canal, and even that estimate should not be accepted as final. And were the canal to rcalirt receipts annually for the amount of 50 millions in the courso of eigrht years after the C'pt'iiin^. that would not pay the new capital only 4 t>.» .> percent., while the victims of tho oM cw.p;my could not receive even nn oNu'i" in the form of a consolation dividend. Trie frcrlt millions will be forthcoming if the State truaranieetj the loan ; if not the Colom bian Government, ban but to ring down the curtiiu to be later rolled up for the auctioneer and spyijulativc financier*?. \obpuk is dead. u Is lie any relation of Dr. ilerz asked an old man from tho (.n«aJry when the mnv.s was goal.lv broken io Jiim. Volapuk was Jiilc-ndcd to be the keystone hwrunire of the United States of ISurope oewrdinjr to some, or of tho inillennium fylhwini* others. One enthusiast even alleged it was the language of Paradise, wliHi was rank blasphemy, as French is r.aiincd to be the vernacular among angels and-inch anirels. Perhaps Jf. Fhunmarion's tcleplmna to 3Iars may decido the point, or it; be among the hidden wonders' of the j Columbian liig Show. Some years ago at a | Press dinucr, a confrere, in returning thanks ; frr the Press, spoke in Volapuk; at" first no on* wished to betray his ignorance, so smiled .it the beauties, io compliment his vulgar bjiiL'Ue ; at last a pet dog belonging to one of t«if jrursts tliut was lying in a corner coin incuml to growl, and next to belligerently aud defiantly hark at the speaker, Ultimately we orator was asked to siug his words-for j'/wy holds that is the he.it way to coinpre hemltJie incomprehensible. The orator died few mouths later, but as no coroner's sn qtiesib are held in Franco, the can so of bis fMh must remaiu undisclosed till the Dav of Judgment. Colonel Tchanir-Ki-Tonir, who Ma^ofarili, swore to me l.y 42 "of his "tiuislyr.s and three pagudas, that /Volapuk flas known iu his country some thousauds of 2<sir* before the Christian era : that evidence °J, »'« fact could be found in the earlv files ot the I'dut G<t;citi>} if any Drva&dust; "desired I'J follow up the setireh. Note: the first number of this Gazette was contemporaneous *!thKainese* II. 31, Jules XVury lias proved allthat could bo desired Mi:cG Iris Senate duction. Helms expelled do religious orders, fomnuded the heads of no Bouhingtsts, has twt threatened the I-Lidicals with extermina tion, or China with si war ol. rrvnt'shr. ? J lc af-ureil the they mivrht sit easy in their curule chairs; lie came not witl» u fcword, "but as a boon and n blessinir to all who desired to make the republic open, tolerant and pacific. ITc tlius " roars ivs jxcntlr «& nny mcVmsj dove." He is oiw- of. tlic rc wrved foroos of th<» republic, and m;«y ]?l'ovc 41 the daring pilot in extremity," Ho dwarf* all rival* already, and poBsesses the *d\antagc ol beinjr the only chief tho lcjris h\ma vus.se.-scs. Ho has'not been . fairly Uiatedhy his adversaries ; and tbcro is rcasoa to d«mbtbnt his ten years of ostracism lu6 fcuighl him tho sweet uses of adver city." ' am wrwftouy 1 nuk place this Febru ary to bjcp tho ISltf insurrection; or revolu ti'JU, green in tho .suuU <;{ republicans ; tlmy fetcrn tu rank that procefdin*? »s politically on ap;\v with the deprastio. in mrninAunt for X^uisXVl. ^S'it :i .-nul dreams of orgatiiMug. 11 rcire=her iu Uu'.nw of that jolly ohl siniw lU'Wsv IVwho did ,-<o jnneh for tho nniliea ti*jn uucl the it»:itcriiil development of "France. Of course it would not be good fonp. to cxomlc -a X'' on the occasion of thfc disipprt-.irance nf a b;ul wivercijiti. Some ^Viiul " jutlos " mi the events oE 181S, . by Ak:iw do 'i'uwpujviile, have just appeared J they aTe hr^iu^, words in season. Ttocro is fiaiy one fon>i;rii correspondent in 3?ranoe Jw» was pie*ent» \\\x the invasion of tho V.'amh<ji- of Deputji^; by the people in 18-18 have heard him (qIJ ihe Ktory iKiveral times ^ii'-'nthc JhmUctsc d'Ovleans with her two .'*i\ ^s>' .I't'csent Cuiiite de Paris uirj ,~G Ch'arhvs, to' claim thfc JIo* ^'iicy m favpc of her son. She was answered .v «i levelling nl muskets at: her )md:hci* lui'*s' a w t'Kedaadle " eusued ; tae Duo ilc Ohartros was separated from his mother ; the 4i Our Own 11 rnscucd the little bluh bcrer. In 1870 Robert 3o Fort, then aged seven; remitted.him to tlio Russian Ambas sador's valet. Trim placed him between the hands of his uncle, the Due dc Nemours. j\L Cnrnofc has to kiss, when on an official outing,quite.a legion of pretty girls, who come to welcome him and present flowers : it is an extra of his .salary of IJ million franca. 3)o Tocquevillc relates thaMu February, 184S, a deputation of virgins, of tho wise order,- like rosieres, waited on Lumartinc. One was delegated to. recite an ode eulogising- his conduct during the " glorious days." Ex cited by the enthusiasm of the crowd, the virgin drifted into ccsta.«?y profuse pers piration ; then she presented her two fat cheeks, covered with bead drops of heavy dew, for the poet to kins, and which ho did with tho tips of his lips. On one occasion Pochrfort had to do. patriotic embracing under difficulties; the market women of Paris-all 41 stalwarts "-flocked to share their joy in September, IS70, on his release from prison : all wished to king him ; llocbc fort objected to such eft'u-sion, and suggested to fimbraco the lady longest established in the profession on behalf of tho rest-and lie kept his word. Do Tocqucvjlle is only tender with his cynical and keen pen for Prince Louis Napoleon'; ho did not think much of Louis Philippe, whose conversation was a sen tence without punctuation oi* finality. The King avowed that- the Spanish marriages question had shaken his throne, and that Palinerston was a blackguard : poliston. "We rarely rank those who cross ourphmsamongthe cherubiinsand seraphims. "When Marratt prepared a list of the mem bers for the provisional government, he handed it to Lamartino to read out to tho crowd. 11 I cannot do so, as my. nanio is included," he replied. The list was next handed to Cremicux-the first Jew admitted to Parliament, and whose briefs in later nays Liambetta " devilled. 7* <%J cannot read it, asinyname is omitted," lie answered.. '".I would like to twist t.lio neck of that .vulture," observed quo of tho invaders of tlio chamber, pointing to tlio deputy monk, Lacordairo, who Bat lonely stud" silentlv, glancing nround him, his long bstro neck rising out of his grey hood ; his thriven scalp and border of black hair; a falling . crooked nose and piercing fiery oyes, did recall that bird of the Zoo. Gardens. The mob caught up Tiny Louis Blanc, who orated against all tho tyrannies while endeavoring to free him self from tho shoulders of his admirers. Tho comical spectaclo recalled tho wriggliug of a snake held by tho tail. The author draws attention to the resolu tion, and Lho tendency to be off the head, when skilled and brave generals aro called upon to act again.st a crowd, which is so different from an organised foe; tho generals arc also disturbed by the possibility that the soldiers will not obey. In 1818 that mnv have been thus, hut in the casio of. the 2nd December coup <P cfitf, Generals St. Amuud and Conrobert could not ho so classed. At least, ask Parisians. Other remark: A revolution commence* by a crowd, orte-half of whom arc rascals, and the other half idlers who come to sue the sport, but when tho fighting arrives it is marvellous ' to note tho method and discipline with which it is executed, in the absence of all concerted plans, of accepted loaders, or designated flag. In the outbrcakof the Reds in June, ISIS, the women fought, if anything, better than the men ; but then they believed thny would possess the property of tho rich for their husbands and children. Something similar was to note under the Commune. As England is more or less occupied with plans to end or mend tho House of Lords, it may bo apropos to indicate tho Home Hulo bill, presented by the C'jrnto do Bobrinskoy, for reforming the Upper House in Holy Russia. In Muscovy princes arc said to be as plentiful as blackberries ; none, it appears, arc genuine unless he passes tho 4< hall mark" of having been presented to the Czar. This may explain why probationers for that stampinir are to bo found among the drivers of droukia in tho Russian cities ; a fair sprinkling of them turn up also in the French police courts. Comto do Bob etcetera rejects the acquisition of nobility, by rank or decorations-only tho Czar "can make a belted knight, a marejufe. dnk<\ «*»«l <v* that;" but. lie wmild admit to the assembly of nobles, tho prox»rietor.«, xince the remotest times, of unlimited broad acres, or those having a Pea body or Jay Gould purse to purchase vast estates. But merit or small income will not be allowed to take even a back seat. The Russian Ravonwoods must go dcsyiito all the veneering tactics of their Caleb Balder.stone's. Alas for la nthlrc at habit Hair ! The icpublic has its aristocracy according to a happy improvisation of Hndamo Flo quot. The conrtitunnc}* of jtfoj'cuneville, however, insist* that, if it be thus, the article must be genuine, honco its petition to the Chamber that no deputy whose name appears in the Journal OJiieU'l be jriven a title until he ; has submitted his parchments to a searching ! gencnlogical examination. The petitioner* I aro compelled to talco this step, because a re- I preventative, u tho issue of a respectable family of tailors, mercers and tanners," goes about proclaiming himself the direct de scendant of Charlemagne. Whether tho deputy or the petitioners aro the greater lunatics time will show. J>'\yowi doubt, tho Comte do Paris and Priuce Victor Napoleon -misfortmm makes strange bed.-feUcws have a hand in this intrigue. Clearly they sp3* a rival pretender. And at this moment the worthy descendant of a '.'tanner," having arrived at exalted station, hay quietly passed away : tho father of tho ohco Narbonne* beauty, jtfaadlle. Frawso-possessing thus a natural rii*ht to the "strawberry leaf"-better known as tho widow of ex-President Gr£vy, belonged professionally to the guild of "Simon the tanner." Sho was an unassmmug l.tdy of the household, who saw in high latitudes, only profound andjlongod to escape, ofiicial glorj* for the simplicity of her domes tic heart. At receptions I have watched j hermasked repulsion of haviug to preside at fetes, that hho quit ever in favor of her daughter, inoro a jolly Anglo- American than a Frcncli girl, as soon an was decently possible. She could never acquiro an official smile-grinning cither on the partof function aries, fihopmcn or knaves, exacts a spccial development of the Indian rubber group of muwdes. M. Duret, <>C Jjillf, lias ilraivu tlie atten tion jf illo Paris Academic do Mcdicino Id a remarkable case of double vision. This do feel was lint due to malformation or disease of tlio eye or ujilic nerve. The most careful examination reveals nothing, but it seems Unit I lie patient some timo ago wns .severeh' wounded on the head, and over sinco then there have been signs of cerebral lesion. It would seem, therefore, that tiio donbl? images seen by the patient arc due to tlio faet of tlie lirain not performing its usual function of superimposing one visualised image on the other. Unjjlish churchmen have been groaning", in Convocation and elsewhere, lately about (lie impoverishment of the clergy. Two or three spirited young deans suggested in the Can terbury Convocation that the bishops, deans, canons, and other well remunerated digni taries should tux themselves at the rate of five per cent, on their plethoric revenues in favor of tlio poor psrson whoso lot they bewailed. Tlio first prolate to accept the challenge is tho Archbishop of Torlc. Dr. Jfiiclagan has jiint intimated that' lie will surrender .£1000 from his inconio of £10,000 on condition that lay parishioners of tlia clergyman to whom grants areinade subset ib an equivalent motety in racli easel ; A Danish brijy wliiiy crossing tlio Atlantic encountered terrible weather. A falling mast killed the captain, two of the crew wero washed overboard, ami a third died; Knnlly, there wore but two left, and for 15 days these were adrift on tlio vessel without foo.i' or water. To prevent being thrown into the Sffii they lashed-themselves to tlio floating wreck, uwl were in this dreadful condition when a steamer liove in sight and tool: them on.board. .' . A lady's-nmifT fell into tlio sea in nrossinir by tho gangway from an Atlantic steamer to tlio slioro at Liverpool, She sued the ship owners, claiming £100 damages, alleging that her-fall was duo to tlio' absence of proper guard-rails to the gangway. Tho defendants said they; were protected by certain conditions printed on t.lio passengers' tickets. A jury awarded tlio ludy the riihoimt claimed and the.Apjieal Court lias declined to "I'Ret tliattlecision. ' _ Smoking amongijt(.woinen is donlared_to, lie on the increaso, there being'.a largo' demand for "ladies' cigarettes" at West-end tobac conists. 