®0ttt0lttg. MARRABEL COURSING CLUB. The Marrabel Coursing Club held their first meeting on September 27 and 28, on Mr. Dutton'a Anlaby Estate, kindly lent by Mr. Dutton for the occasion. The -weather being beautifully fine, and the lovely drive through the hills to the around, tempted out a srood number of the fair sex, and about 150 admirers of the longtails. Great praise is due to the committee (writes our correspondent) for the energetic way in which they worked to make the meeting a success, and also to the judge, Mr. S. Dawson, jun., for the fair and impartial manner in which he carried out his duties, giving general satis faction. The first pair of dogs in the slips were Mr. Dermody's Strike and Mr. O'Dea's Killaloe. Strike led up and getting on his bare some very fast work ensued, and in the end Strike beat Killaloe with some thing to spare. In a, long gruelling course Lubra showed her superior staying powers and trained the flag from Gipsy Maid. Black Bess -did all the work, leading up and beating Ring Tail all the way. From a very short slip Sally Hicks was first on the bare, but Hector G'Halloran came with a rush and gained the flag. In a very even contest Darkie just managed to beat Tire King by a point. From a, long slip Lord Harry beat Black Boy, both dogs running very cunning... Robina getting p.'vay Jjrst took complete command, beating I?IviDg Cloud. From a ebort slip Marley's Gbost beat Fly. Galtee Boy and Fleet were Flipped to a very weak hare ; Galtee Boy led from the slips and killed before Fleet had a ohau.ee to score. First Ties.— Strike beat Lubra, Black Puss beat Hector O'H&lloran;, Darkie beat Lord Harry, Marley's Ghost beat Bobina, and Galtee Bov a bye. Second Ties. — Black Puss beat Strike, Darkie beat Marley's Ghost, and Galtee Boy a bye. Third Ties.— Black Puss beat Darkie and Galtee Boy a bye. Deciding Course. — Mr. Delay's Galtee Boy, pedigree unknown, beat Mr. S. Connor's Black Puss, by Electric Nell, and won the etake. A coursing match, the best two out of three courses, took place at Morphett Vale on Satur day last for £5 aside, between Mr. M. G. Smith's Oatmeal and Mr. J. Kenhan's Wero cafca. and resulted in a win for Oatmeal. Mr. TV. N. Wheaton acted as judge and Mr. H. Weamanas clipper. 