THE MALIGNANCY OF INANI MATE THINGS. A rising foreign philosopher hie, wo are told, been developing a curious theory as to tho malignanoy of inanimate objects. The author o< the theory appeals very wisely in the , first instance to Jheoommon experience of all, human beings, and then, haring scoured' that substantial basis of acknowledged , fact, proceeds to work out , his . general ; theory. Many another dootrine—that. for : instance of the ghost revisiting the ! glimpses of the moon —it argued after a different fashion, and even after a ; 'differentprinciple. , Itwouldbe ot .no use now-a-days to begin with an appeal to our • common experience of ghostly apparitions, j ■We are like the Spanish soldier who deolared .'that in one of the great battles of Spain' Saint; James himself, had . '■ ; CHARGED UNDER THE SPANISH FLAG, : i hut added modestly, “ unworthy that I was, ; although in the batUe I was hot favored with: a sight of the blessed saint.” But the philosopher who theorises about the. , malignancy of inanimate objects can seize’ at once upon a common and indeed universal ; experience. Let ns have the facts to begin with, and then we can get at the theory,: 1 perhaps. At all events we can got on the way to it. Who does hot often writhe under ana Btorm at the malignancy of inanimate ■; objects f The footstool that was on- ' doubtedly put carefully into a corner—how : does it come to be in the middle of the room ! The fire which was blazing up a mo- ■, meat ago—why is it dead out already. 1 The water tap from which one fills ' a jug seems never to flow - freely while he' Btanda over it; but let him divert his attention for one moment to any other objeot. and AFTEB H H THE DFLUOK. . The latch-key—but then, perhaps, we had better not lay too muoh stress on the troubles with thelatoh-key,inasmuch aaunphiloeophioal levity might suggest unwelcome explanations. The pebble that comes in the way of the hero’s horse and upBets the hero is a striking illus tration on a grand scale of this alleged in veterate malignanoy of inanimate objeots. On a smaller soalo of illustration, why shonld the razor which shaves so keenly one day utterly deoline to shave at all the next day, and then, being negleoted and thrown aside for a week, establish a new and malignly meant claim when TBIED AGAIN IN DESPAIR, and become sharp as the Roman King’s razor whioh out1 the whetstone thiongh? Why will the watoh stop at the very time when we most want it to keep going on F We might go on through a whole catalogue of suoh experiences, the daily ex periences of moBt of us. . Thero is no question—there can be none—as to the experience. Let any of us take notioe on any day of the number of times on whioh he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, made to lose his temper—sometimes almost made to Iobo his wits by inanimate objeots, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate better the force of the new philesophio theory. We confess that, although we find the theory interesting, we do not see that it is likely to enrich the world with any. new and practical ruleB for tho guidance of every day or any day life. Because if these in animate things are really malignant, they will be malignant still*, after philosophy shall have reoogniBod THE FACT OF THEIR MALIGNITY. But, if we were to'refuse to consider a theory morely because we did not see what practical good considering it would do, we should be cutting ourselves off from some of the finest theories with whioh philosophy has from time to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries of evolution, the vexations and impatiences of mankind under the refrac tory oonduot of inanimate objects, have at ast crystallised themselves into a theory/ we feel bound to commend it topnblio considera tion, even although we do not feel in any way assured that the common round and the daily task will be made much the easier by its recognition. Nothing can be in its way ; KOBE IBBITATnro THAN THE LUCIFER HATCH. Who oan tell when it will light, when it will refuse to light, when it will break in the middle, when it will snap off just at the top after lighting, and leave its fiery head on one’s handf Bui} all this will go on no doubt even after the world has accepted the philosophic theory hat the luoifer match is a malign and a capricious thing like some ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot educate or oonvert or punish a luoifer matoh any morethanweeanan iU-oonditioned gnome or sprite or imp. But we are for receiving and disoussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the feelings of a human being now and then to know that whon his water jug for no apparent reason broke, away from itabandle, or when his, coffee at a railway Btation would not oool in time to let Mm swallow it before the starting of his train, or when his coffee at home cooled bo instanta neously as to make him unwilling to swallow it at all—it might perhaps relieve his feelings to'know that he was struggling against a malicious enemy, and not suffering1 from a commonplace accident. ■A great devotee of Schopenhauer, develop ing not long since a principle, of that philo sopher, diBOuased tho. possibility of bringing an odious and hopeless world to a oloso by AN ACT OF UNIVERSAL SUICIDE. But he admitted certain doubts as to the feasibility of aooomplisbing suoh a purpose.' The whole human raoe might, he thought, be brought into that , league, of universal self-obliteration, Even the lower animals might be persuaded or coerced 'into the same arrangement. But his hesitation was as to wnat are called—unphilosopbioally no doubt—tho inanimate things. His oonvio tion was that tho world began with the inahi- 1 mate things, as we call them. They started ! the whole business, and then came the lower animals, and then came man. Now Bnnpose man were universally willing to extinguish himself—wbst guarantee oonld he possfldy have from these inanimate things that the moment ha had disappeared they would STABT THE WHOLE Jf AOUraB OF EXISTENCE all .over again. Yon cannot have. 8 oompaot with the sands of the de sert or the salt of the sea or ; the stones in a qnarry. ■ You oannot have 8 treaty with the dost of the highway or as alliance with the coals in a mine. Eves if yen oonld have suoh' .an arrangement. I who oonld answer for its being carried ontt i Who oonld trust these things to keep their flighted words? The moment our backs iwere turned they would < be sure to .set the whole mechanism going > again, just for the perverse fan of the business. : Now. it seems to ns that there is a greatdeal 1 of practical good sense in that idea. It works in very well, also, with the theory of the later philosopher aboat the malignancy of inaul jniate things. The'momont these inanimate objeots found that there waa anything man ildnd particularly wanted them .to do, then .'they would instantly, and . • ' OUT OF SHEan .JtAUOE, make up their minds not to do it. We can judge of that from that common and trying 'daily experience to which we have already referred. The disciple of Schopenhauer haa not, perhaps, when he developed his doubts ever heard of what we may call the in animate malignancy theory. But if he had heard of it,' and admitted that there was something in it, he would assuredly have found himself strengthened in his wholesome soeptloism. He might still find sermons in stones, but he would feel sore that it wonld be futile to trust to the promise of a stone that it wonld oesse growing jnst to oblige him.—'“ Dally News." 