[CONTUTCEO D'oM SATURDAY'S ISSUE.] LALL EIGHTS RESERVED.] THE VENETIANS, OH ALL IN HONOR. BY MISS IU. E. BRADB05S1, Author of " LXBV AVJB'IIIY'S SECRET,' "AURORA FtOYD," "THE CLOVEN FOOT,' . !<I)EADMEN'S SHOES," "JUST AS I AM, j "TAKEN AT THE FLOOD," DEAD SSA FRUIT," "PHANTOM FOITWSB,11 "LIKE AND UNLIKE/' " \VKAVEKS AND WEFT," ; SI?.. CHAPTER XXIX. 'TlS NOT THE SAME NOW, NEVER MORE CAN BE." Yansittart was the first to break that agony of silonce. 'Dogs t'.iia lnean the end of love,' ho asked. * Is all over and done with between you and me 1 Is love only a dream that we have dreamed V ' Yos; it is a dream,' sho answered, look ing at him with tearless eyes,vrkiph had more misery in them than alL the t^ars he had ever Been it\ tho ^es of women. ' It is something perhaps to have believed oneself happy for two blessed years. You have been DO good to me-so good to poor Peggy. She loved you almost as fondly as I did. You have been all goodness-«nd you did not know that he was my brother. Yet, yet, when you killed him you must have known that some heart would be broken. No. I can never forget how good- you fyaVa been or how dear. Don't tfc&t; I can change in an hour frnnv loVO to hate: No, no, that cannot lie. To my dying day I must love you-but I cannot live with the man who killed my brother. I can never be yrnr wife again; that is all over. Wo must be strangers on this side of the grave.' 'A hard sentence. Eve: it could not be harder if I were a deliberate murderer. And yet perhaps it islio'morethnn I deserve-per haps even the gallows would be more than my desert ' ' 'The gallows ! Oh, God. could they kill you because V The words died in her throat, ehoked by tho ngony of a great fear. 1 But no one knows-no one will over know,' she cried. ' She will never tell,' pointing to the door;,' she loves too dearly.' ' Now slvs u'l not tell.' * ts there anyone else who knows 1' ' Only her aunt, who may be trusted. Njo, I don't think I am in any d&hger; irofti tue law,' ho said, carelessly, as if tliii haVdij1 mattered. ' But you- yob iro tiiy supremo judge, and you look tocos', uie as a murderer. Well, perhaps you are right. Let me sophisticate with myself as I will, in that one moment I was in mind and instinct a homicide. When I struck that blow I did not care how deadly it might be. All the savagest impulses within me wero aroused. Yes, I was a murderer. And you say that we must part; that is your sentence ? She bent her hoad in assent. ' Very well; thou I must do all ttt'&ttto; make our parting easy and reputable. The world will wonder and talk, but We must bear that. I think I know a way of lesaehittg the scandal. You will liVe fet nierewood, and I will traVcl. will inake things easy.' _ _ v 1 ' Live at Merewood without- Jr/j ! Not for all the world. I. stall go back to Fern hurst to Wiy slBters. You will let me give them forttte of my pin mone^, I know, so tlwfc , I i'uay not be any expense tj them/ ' Let you-why your pin. mtJYVey is all your own, to t.hro.v in the glitter if you like.' 'No, not It Was meant for your wife. I shall have no claim upon it when wo arc parted. But I don't want to be a burden at the Homestead, I should like to five thorn fifty pounds a year. I shall not cost theni so much as that.' ' I daresay not. Why do you torture me with this talk of money ? All tho money I liavo I is turned to withered leaves. Eve, Eve,' he cried passionately, ' you could not do this cruel thing if our child had lived.' I ' Could I not, would that have altered the fact that you killed by brother 1 No, Jack, for God's sake don't come near me,' as he approached her with extended hands, trying to clasp her hands in his, paaiionately longing for re-union. There is a ghost be tween us. I should hate myself if I could forget the dead.' ' Ah, that is the worst sting of death,' he cried, bitterly. ' The fatal influence of the I dead which blights the living. Is thera no hops, Eve-no hopo 1 Is your mind made ?up V ' Alas ! Alas ! I have no alternative. ' Take time to think, at least, before you act.' ' Time to think; why, I have been think ing for an eternity. It is ages since that woman put this picture in my hand. If there were any truth in the stories of hair turning grey in some great agony mine ought to be as white ai snow. Oh, I have thought, Jack, I have thought. If I could shut my eyes and say I forget. If I could say tha past is past, and the dead are no better for our teirs and our sacrifices, our crape gowns, or the roses we plant ou their craveB. If I could be like the heathens who said let us be happy to-day for to-morrow we die, how gladly would I bl.,t thought and memory from my brain. But you see while I live I must think and remember; and every hour of my life with you would be darkened by one hideous thought. I should see my brother in his blood-stained, winding sheet standing between us. There are some things that cannot be, that heart, and mind, and con science cry out against, and our alliance is one of those things. Oh, it was wicked, wicked, and cruel to marry me, knowing «what you knew.' ' Was it cruel, was it wicked ? If tfc was, I don't repent of that sin. I repent my first crimo - the crime of bloodshed-not my second, the crime of making you my wife. I have had two years of bliss. How many men can say as much ? Well, since 3'ou are resolute-have weighed what you are doing, and still decide against me, I will leave you in peace. If the memory of those years can not plead for me, words are, indeed, idle.' She heard the strangled sob in his voice as ho turned from her and wont slowly to the door, but she did not call him back. She stood, like a woman of stone till the door closed on him, and the outer door oponed and shut again. Then she clasped her hands above her head in sudden despair, and rushed out upon the balcony to see the last of him. She leaned over the high iron rail to watch him as he sprang into the waiting hansom. She saw him drive away, and did not shriek to him to come back, though her whole being, brain, heart, nerves, yearned after him, with the wild yearning of despair ing love. Sho watched till the cab vanished from her sight, hidden by tho foliage on the Embankment, and then she dragged lieraelf plowly back to tha room, as a wounded animal crawls to ito lair, and flung herself upon visa's sofa, a broken- hearted woman. ' Could I act otherwise,-could I, could I ?' she asked herself, ' My brother, my own flesh and blood. l5ven if I had not loved him could I live with tho man who killed him ?' Lisa crept into the rpoliij whit's Evo sat sobbing, with hot face hidden in the aofa pil low. Lisa irept to hor sido, and sat on the ground by her, pitying hor, and looking up at her with muto dog-like tenderness. ' What have you clone ?' sho asked at last, ' Have you sent him from you-your hus band who loves you.' ' Yes, ho ia gone. It is our fato.' ' Fftto !' cried Lisa, contemptuously, 'What is fate ? It is yoll not I?ate, that makes the parting. If you loved him you would not let him go.' 'If I loved him. Why. my whole being is made up of love for him.' ' What then ? And you send him from you for an accident for souiefchi'lg which no one could help! I there-these eyes saw it & Moment and it was done. There was not timo for tl ought, Fos thit one instant of wrong-doing are you to make his life miser able V ' Ho killed my brother. Do you under stand that Lisa. The man who plight bo have been your bitobrtnd iVAs my brother. Did you. tiafe frothing; for him- you, the m'ri'tner of his child ?' .' Yes, yes, I cared for him. When first he came to Burano I worshipped him as if ho had been St.jMark. 'And when he said' come '°_*onice W1'h me> Lisa, and be my little wifs, I vrenfc. lb wna wicked, t knotV* I ought not to have laft Burano till I had been co oonfesston, and the priest had iiiamttd but when I said, 1 You Vfill Marry me, Siguor Angled, b£ said, 'Yes, Lisa, by- and-by,' and that was srhat he always said till the last, 'by-and-by.' He was not always kind to me. biora, though ho was your brother, He beat me sometimes when the luok had been bad at cards. When ha l«ul been sitting lip half tt<e night playing car Is with his fi-jtnd, and! crept into tho foam and begged h.5.HS Vo Way no ittrtre-he was ho'fc RiiVd Uieh-. rie would startup out ,'o'f fcft chair, and swear a big English, oat!), and strike at me with his oltillcned fist. But am I sorry? Yes, of course I am sorry. It was dreadful to sue him fall dead in a mometiti but i« Huit to be remembered against, j/ouit husband ytiars afterwards j Ho was brutal; SQ.briltVii that he deserved his death; a'ihbcb. lie flew at the strajigfe Englishman like a tiger; he would not listen, he would not believe that I was not false to him. Ho was mad with drink and foolish anger. He was liko a wild beast. And for an accident like that you would make tho noblest of men unhappy. Ah, Sicrit, that is not IpVe-. If yoUt husband belonged' to nit>; a'iid he loved me as he loves you,°he tnighi kill twenty men, and I would cling to him and love him still. What would their life be to me, or their death, if Iliad him.' ' You are a semi-civilised savage, ani you can't understand,' said Eve, sternly. ' Life and death, good name, and honor, haVe bo meaning for yam' , , , .,l,kwB liieaiU in ore than all," said Lisa, doggedly. ' There is only one man you have the right to love,' said Eve; ' the man who ought to have been your husband. You must be in , wretch if you can love the mail who killed him. 'Ah, madonna mia, we do not make our hearts. They are made for us,' piqued, naively, ' The Signer tii£l'eso was very good to R>e at j'drano in my poverty; but after wards at Venice, I had a good deal to suffer. It was a hard life sometimes. One had need be young, and able to laugh, and forgive and ; forget. But he-Signer Yunsittart-ho was always kind. His face haunted me after that afternoon on the Lido, and when We met again-wlwn la 2ia and I were Btbintrers in London without a frietid Lti tho warl'd-oh' hofr kind and generous he was! All that I have of fame and fortune I owe to him, and though he does not care for mo so much as that,' with a contemptuo'iB w'ftvo of her lingers,',Ha is always gentle, always good. Do not tell me that I am to care more for the dead man who deceived me and" beat me than for the living man who haabeen my benefactor, my guardian angel, and f"r whom I Say n paternosti'.r and two ;»veS>»V;etv night of lny life; It is Bff-tot: "hi Bay these for Ills 1 All, you do not understand. You do not know what doath is,' said Eve, with ploomv anger, getting up from JthtS sofii; and re iooViKe« n:lir trembliug It must come to all of us,' answered Lisa, w-ith a philosophical shrug. 'Better that it should coniein a moment as his came without sufloring, without fear, than that we should livo to bo old and fat and full of mala dies. People dip of dreadful diseases that olio shudders only to hear of, and that is called n natural death. How lnuch better to be stabbed to the heart^uriawares.' 'i Calmot reason with j-oiv'sa'ld £>o, haughtily. ^ I 1 fjvet? hiy bi-other. 1'ou, hi? mistress. KviriV:ntly cared nothing for him ' wi"d,.^thlthi? verbil 'stA fihe d'ejiarted: »V ho shall say whether sho was .V^BHah for iovipg Harold MaiXii.inn too little or for loving John Van sittart too much? The victoria was waiting fri< her; tho ser J'aijt.s were Sffcoe? m the afternoon sun. She nart herself driven homo, being just able fo utter t.ir.fc monosyllable ' Homo,' m answer to the footmati'B question. How strange the streets and all the move Kent of every-day life seemed to her, as she drove along the interminable Kind's road and by Sloano-stru'et and the Park - how careless the fac.-s of tho people. Was there no other trouble in the world but her own? Has everybody else busy, and bustling and happy? She felt as if she had been driWli" home from a funeral, wondering to find a world where there wore no signs "of sorrow Had she .not verily parted from her dead 1 I ho dead brother whom alio had always pic tured to herself as alive and happy in some tar-off African wilderness; lending the advelv turerB solitary life, caring for nc one he had left, in the civilised world, but destined to come hack to llet hereaftbr with that wil 1 spirit lamed, his boyish affections warmed into new life. He was dead, and she would see him no more on earth-killed in a tavern brawl for the sake of a worthier woman. And the husband she adored, lie, too. was dead-dead tc her for ever. She had re nounced him, mid he was free to go his own way, and lead his own life, and find consola tion and happiness where he chose. Her friends o£.M^f.,ir had told her that no man laments long for the loss of any woman, that one beautiful face pushes aside another, that there is no image, however cherished, which does not grow faint, and fade and vanish as a circle widens and melts away upon still water. Even the house in Clmrles-street had a otrango aspoct when she re-entered it. Should silt find him there? Would he pl°ad with her again, in their own house, where she had been so happy with him, whnre all mute things reminded her of tho glad life ho had given her? Would he plead with her j onco more, and renew rho a"ony of tho struggle between love for the living and loyalty to tho doad? No; she was spared that ordeal. The servant who opened tho door told hor that his master had been sum moned hurriedly to Southampton, and had left a lettor for her. Sho caught up the letter eagerly, hungry, in hor desolation for some sign from him, some last link between fchem. ' I start by mail for Southampton,' lie wrote. ' Till sevon I shall be within reach of a telegram at the. Travellers, if you change your mind. Before to- morrow night 1 shall bo outward bound; bub till to-morrow night a wire to the Postoilico at Sjuthampton would find me. I have made noplans as yet, but you may think of me as an exile and a wanderer. I will send you tidings of my whereabouts from timo to time, so that, if ever you relent, you may call mo back. I will go from you to the uttermost end of the earth.' He was gone. She had been oboyed. The wrench was over; and now she had to face life calmly and deliberately without him. She had sacrificed all that was dearest to her on this earth to the shadow of the detid. She had made her choice between the dead and the living. Could she have chosen otherwise? That was tho question sho asked herself when she had locked the door of her room and was alone with her misery, walking to and fro among the familiar surroundings which had been the background of a happy union. How could she have chosen otherwise ? She refused admittance to her maid afc tho usual hour of dressing. Sho had a headacho, and would not go down to dinner. Later in the evenihg sho wandered about tho house, looking at the rooms in which she had been so happy- remembering tho days of her court ship, when those rooms were still new to her, and seemed to realiso all she. had over imagined of luxury and refuiernent, an ele jiant simplicity which seemed an emMiAtioi of her mother-in-law's mind and character. She went about bidding the rooms good-bye, looking at thorn for the lust time, as she believed, for she meant to depart 011 hor journey curly tieXt motnittg. Ot) thinking out the question of her future she rejected the notion of that return to the old homo of which she had spoken to Vansit tart. , To depart whither. Sbo couldnot go to her sister's utFernhurst, the refuge which she would Instinctively have chosen, content to liido herself in the humble home of het girlh^Bd) ,to liHi thH tlUl linluJtu riovis liffe, lo sit by the cottage hearth, arcl read tho tattered old volumes of Scott and Dickens, and Bulmer, and Thackeray, and try to think herself a girl again, a girl who had never socnths face of Jack Vnnsittart, Fernhurst would not do, Tfc wm top Hear L/idy Hartley; it Vvlls not remote enough from Morewood. She had to find some abiding place which should bo unknown to all tho world except the servant who went with her. oho did not feel herself equal to travelling without a servant, Tho ways of luxury had spoiled her for tho ways of Ihdependenco. Slie was no longct tho Bjitlie.. yoiin^ Wbtiiiln who used m luM ilh fcilrty expedition from llaslemere to Waterloo, travelling ".imVntiti amongst soldjere nl!Q W6rkmen, To be firsTin win BOrAmblu for bargains at a sale of drapery. Shu felt herself powehlens, in liar bruised and broken Btato, to fauo the confusion of a crowded railway (Station, tho bewilderment of foreign tNvel, With itrt sttinf{et)t demands lipoti the traveller's crtlnlnesS ilnd intelligence. She foulid .heir niai^.jyaitutg.for.htjt ill hbr b(edrO0iii U-stH h f.ba trey, and a incai of cold Micxen, fruit and jelly set out temptingly to beguile her into eatinc. ' "iou have had nothing since lunch, ma'nra.' I rsan t eat anything-ye*,' as tho servant looked distressed, 'some bread and butter, iou can leave that and the tea-but take away nil tlltj ftjst, plertsS; And theil r/ii-e mo BradaJ;a\V-4hd I Wsjjjt yotj bo B.Vck ijeloto yoii go. to bed. It Is Hoc very iate* is it T looking hopelessly at tho watch on her chatelaine, but unable to see the quaint, old figures in the heaviness of her tired eyes. ' Past eleven, ma'am, but I can pack to night, If you like, Are we to leavo curly to tnoi-t-oW v . Eve ttihied the. igjiVcs ttf Bradshaw fiefei-e slltj lin^wbtea, porcu over a page for a few hiinutes 'The Continental train leaves Charino Cross at eight,' she said. ° 'Then I must cettainly pack to-night, ma'am. Shall I take many dresses-evening gowna-tea gowns'! Shall you bo going out much in tho.eVe'ilwjs 1' .1 kliaH t bH going out a^ all. 'i'ake my plainest walking gowns; one black evening gown will do. Take plenty of things. I shall be abroad a lone time.' ° It is very sudden, ma'am,' faltered Benson, who was honest fond of her mistress. 'Yes, it is very sudden, you muit not ask me ally tjUdstitnis. You must tnke it mi ttust tlilit jthst-a ;iB, notjling W.rnlig iii jiijr liiq.' I 'Lh, ma'am, I should never think that, whatever happened. I know you too veil. Are we going to Mr. Yansittart T Iso, Benson. We are going away from him. Mr. Vansittart and I have parted for ever. Please don't speak of it to anyone downstairs. I want to avoid all talk and scandal. I tell you because you a To going with mei Yoii frill share in my new life if you liko to go.' ' I would go to the end of the world with you, ma'am. But dear, dear, dear, to think that you and Mr. Vansittart can be parted -you who have been bo happy together, like children almost I It can be only a passing understanding. I am sure of that.' ° ' Benson, if you guess and speculato about my trouble I shall go nlonc. Can't you un derstand that tivpe Jire griefs that won't bear to be spoItQu of i Mine is oho of them- I am going abroad ; I hardly khoik where as yet. T<j sittio cjuiet place in Brittany or ' Norfri'anDy most likuly, where I can iust exist.' ' Oh, my dear mistress, you will kill your self with grief,' sobbed Benson, as she poured out tho ten for her mistress. While Benson Was packing-, with all the de*terit.V iind inethot? of ttti it'Jtjuitipiishud pafcfter, EVe Was employed in writing thfe most difficult letter she had ever written ?; her life, " She wtiR writes? ,to,.hei' iMtjtlibr* thb ftoniii'n who had received her fit tirat, re luctantly, but afterwards with tenderness and motherly affection ; the woman who had sur rendered the son she adored to the wife he had chosen for himself, and who looked to that wife for the happiness of her son's future years. Penniless, the daughter of a disreputable father, with no social surround ings or family influence to recoiuiuctid her, bIio had been accepted by .fackVansittart's l'ela' tionsi petted and praised by his sister j lovingly cherished by his mother; and for recompense of her tt-Ust in Iter What Was alio gmll<» to fjiVo thelh \ 3 S She was goitig s^oii her husband's life in the h6.yd.e>0f Vol'th iVhd IcVbi to jeat-e him bolind iii we'dlolsk ind yBt coinfjaniohless; with a wife and iiq wife. lie cotild hot divorce her : ^he could.not. 'dii'Vitjce him. His sin was nit of the kind which breaks'mir t'idge i bonds, , , . . , Wliat could she say to her mother-in-law which could in any manner e.tpiain or justify tho pr.rtiiig or husband and wife who, until yesterday, had been living together in seem ingly happiest union ? There was no ex planation, no justification possible. The mystery of those two broken hearts must remain for ever a mystery to their kindred and tho world. ' My husband and I have agieed to part, and our parting must needs bo for a lifetime,' she wrote. 'We can tell no one our reasons, not even you, mother, who of all people have tho strongest right to question us. Unfaith fulness or lesnonmg lovo has nothing to do with our separation. I never loved my hus band better than I love him now ; or, at leiiBt, I never knew the strength of my loVe fot him so well as t know it now. What must be trlUst be: tt is fate, and Hot oUt Own wills, that divides as. Whereviii- hb fiirty no iriy heart goe3 with hint. Think of me with mdulgehctj if yott can ; pity me if you can; for I have direst need cifyour pity.' ' She said nothing about her destination. She had not made up her mind yet where she was to go. She sat for an hour or more turning the leaves of the Continental time table ; now thinking she would go by Ostend, and to tho Ardennes; and then again decidim* upon Brittany. It mattered nothing to hor whero she went ; all places were alike, except for her desire to avoid tho people she knew. Finally she decided upon crossing to St. Malo by tho boat that loft Southampton at five o'clock next day ; and from St. Malo to Dinan or Avranches. She would avoid Lho seaside, where English visitors would bo likely to be mot at this season. Tho Norman and Breton towns she knew by repute as places whero people lived quietly and econo mically, forgotten by tho world. Tho same pcBt which brought Mrs. Vannit tart Eve's letter from London brought her a letter from hor son, written from South ampton. ' You will bo surprised at tho address from which I write, end still more surprised when 1 tell you that Southampton is only the first stage on my journey to South Africa. I sail from hero to the Cape, and from thence shall make my way to whichever portion of the Dark Continent promises best for health and enjoyment at this time of year. Do not bo uneasy about roe, my dear mother. I shall take counsel with experienced travellers before I turn my back upon tho civilised world ; and I shall not go to meet fever, famine, or assassination. You shall hoar from me at each stage of my wanderings. I do not go as a scientific explorer, or na a sportsman in quest of big game. I go with a desire to escape from civilisation, mono tony, and my own thoughts, which just now I are of tho saddest. ' A cloud has spread itself between Evo and mo, and wo two, who wero so happy in each other's affection a little while ago, have agreed to part, I fear never again to livo together. I cannot tell you our reasons, for they involvo a sccrot, the revelation of which would bo disastrous to me-tho only secret I ever kept from you. Evo is blameless chaste and faithful as in tho beginning of our wedded lives. I implore you to think of her always with affection ; to shelter and cherish her if ever she appeals to your lovo or claims your protection. She is entitled to your respect and to your pity. The only sinner -never a deliberate sinner-is your son who in hia ohattered domestic life pays the forfeit of one unhappy act.' CHAPTER XXX. A DOUBLE EXILE. I Of these wedded lovers, parted in tho i noontide of their love, one carried his woun ded heart to tho wildernoss and sought for tranquility of spirit it) a life of movement nnc1 peril: the other, the weakei vessel, had no such largo resourcos. The life of adventure, tho ever changing horiznii were not for her. She could only creep hi some quiet haVen and sit alone and brood Upon her grief. She went first to Avranclies; then Lite in the Autumn she took a fancy to tho solitude of Mont St. Michael, the quaint monas'ic citadel, tho fortress on rock; and here, when the last of the tourists had gone, and the equinoctial gales were roaring fiercely round tho gothlc to\ver3, she took up hor abode in an apartment specially prepared for her by the tiiiBer^ pHtroiinb the Inil at tht< Gate, an apartment upon the ramparts, with win dows looking wido over the s;a to Coutance and Jersey. Benson, who bod a constitution of iron, complained bifterly of this wind-swept rock, yefchnrl to owti W,bc_ thfvt her .health had novor been better. Eve stopped h'iro lute into the winter. skotQhin"-a little, reading a great deal, wandering 011 the sands in all weathers, and sometimos wishing that her footsteps would tako her unawares to that portion of tlio bay tvhefOj a9 ill tho Kelpie's ilew) §orrtiw iiiiyht !]^1 it. graVii. . An iliipftiaeilt raiiiole Ih tile limi'Sli}* Heir's between Pontornon and the Mount, which left her belated in the mists of a November evening, resulted in congestion of the lungs. She had contrived to losohersolfaniongthe.se sa'.t meadows 11s cumpletolv an ever her hlls batld had loat hltnsolf ill ftfashollolaiul, and it was eleven o'clock whsn she and her whim pering attendant tottered along the causeway leading td the giltU.fi of the fortress, footsore jind wh'arfi tjieir shoes ohfc lit tliilt lung crathp over tue coarse grass Slid hillocks. Benson telegraphed to Miss Marchant at Fernhurst, and Sophy appeared on the scene as quickly as boat and rail, and a wretched fly from Avranches with harness eked olit by bitB of rope) could bring her. Sophy iVafj broken,Oif^rf'd p.t thin tir|»ci tui'n which her sister's bright fortunes had taken, and agonised with remorseful retrospection, it was she, perhaps, whoso imprudent tongue had parted husband and wife, had destroyed that happy homo. Sophy hated herself for the folly of that revelation. Why could sho hot hive lofb well alone ? Why could she not have left undisturbed that liatlpv p.tftte of tliingS by iVhifih she herself hiiid proiitbd St) richly ? Looking back upon her couduct of that fatal week, she saw that, it was her own disappointment which had soured her, and her own selfish vexation which had made her so angry with Yansittart. It was a long time beforo Eve was well enough for serious talk of any kind. She {'allied sloiylV) and during the monotonous diljs of Her BdhValfosdefieii stio was trefifed as a child, who must only hear smooth and pleasant things; but when she was well again, quite well, save for that little hacking cough, which seemed to have become an element of her being, Sophy ventured to approach the subject of her domestic sorrows. ' I haVe been Utterly miserab'e since tliii' tij^i.lpft OhaHeS-strtjot;' paid Snjjhy seated j 1 eside Eve's easy chair, and restiilg hpt foi'b- i head on the cushioned arm as she talked,' so that her face was invisible. I have hated mysolf for speaking of your husband as I did -only upon hearsay. After all Mr. Seftun might havo misinterpreted Jack's conduct. It might all have been a mistake.' ' Ifwap ii iliistiiliej Sojjhy;1 . 'Oh, I am so glad. You found out at oneo that Mr. Sefton was wrong.' ' Yes.' ' Thank God ! But then,' looking up at her sister in blank astonishment, ' if that is so, why aro you parted, Jack and you? ' That is our secret, Sophy.' 'But why, but why 1 I can't understand. There could only bo one reason for your leav ing lutn when you loved him so dearly. Nothing but the knoivledgo of his infidelity woUld justify-' -' ~? Stop', Sopiiy;' sitid Jive, jjertiiiiptOrily. ' There is nothing gained by speculating about other people's business. My husband and I have our own reasons for taking differ ent roads. Wo have never quarrelled, we have never ceased to care for each other. I shall love him with all my heart, and mind, and strength, till my last breath.' ' I gUdsft fuadorti' answered Sophy, nodding, sagaciously. ' Ho is all atheist, and jou. who have always been a good church woman, could not go on living with an unbe lief:' 'Oh, S >phy, do you think I would forsake him because he was without hope or comfort from God ? Why do you tease nie with foolish guesses ? I tell you again the reason of our parting is our secret. A secret that will go down with mo to the grave.' ' Sophy'n eager Imagination rati riot in the world of mystery. Politics) JVeelnanonry, Hypnotism, Theosophy, Nihilism, hereditary madness, epilepsy, hydrophobia, a family ghost, a family fatality ! That lively mind of rets touched each possibility, rejected each, fiofr oil' to the lieXt. And lastly, with a sigh of i'elief) she ciclaimed. 'lattt More thankful than I aatl Nay that it Iras Hdt mj'imprudent tongue which parted y°U;' An hoUr iatoi*, waiiting iildna oil the f:\m fiatts. slip toltl herself ttlafc iii all probability this desolate wife wSji only throwing dust in her O^es; aiid tliat YrinSittaH'a iilfcorlntancy ha'd been clearly dei'rionstrarod in aOiiordfince with Sefton's story. It would be only like a devoted wife to violato truth in order to vin dicate her husband. Pride and love would alike urge her to deny her husband's infi delity. (To be continued.) 