A NEW HAMLET. The version to be played by M r . Bentley during his Bendigo season, which opens at the Royal Princees Theatre next Saturday; has been arranged By himself from the famous folio' edition of 1623, a particularly noticeable feature being the omission of cer tain scenes and a number of familiar lines which custom bns hitherto retained .in stage presentations of the tragedy. Tho elimination of the first scone, in which the ghost appears to Marcellas, Bernardo and Horatio, allows tho pliiy to ‘ogcnodvhntageously fn tho state room 1 of Ihe casirpL !pio jeon tfh oily 'of ['tho slqfy is carefully presprvpdi ana if pnc misses fjje spenp ‘in’ Which Hpmlct' tqrns p’qurtiers with the' parable of tho pipe, or do por|beg the plbjid which to Polpnius ip ‘t very like a whale," there arc corresponding advan tages to boioaped in tho compactness of tho play and the greater prominence given its lend ing character. From a physical standpoint (remarks the South Australian Advertiser) Mr. Bentley is a picturesque .embodiment of the Danish prince. Tall of staturo, and’ gifted with mobile features, and a voice Which is capable of giving expression to the Varying emotions of the moinent, bis imper sonation of the' character is heightened by Ihe'eimpljeity and’ejearness of iIS conocption. Tncrbjs no questioning tho* sanity of the new Hnmlpt, his slrjct 'onjoindor on bis friends to take no police . ■ Hoi? strange or odd soo-er I boar myself, As I, perchance, hereafter shaß think meet To put an antic disposition op is as clearly emphasised as in the scones with Poloutus and Ophelia, where expressive gestures and eloquent play of the features in ppb}tab]y cqnvey'the impression that bis road ppss 5s hut feigned. At first,/ overwhelmed With grief for tho loss of bis father, and Wounded by the forgetfulness of bis mother, he is tho prey of unwonted and profound melancholy, which finds Us vent in the fine soliloquy “Ob, that this too, too solid flesh would melt" Tho reaction which follows the first suspicion of foul play aroused by the apparition of his father’s spirits in arms, dis plays bis innate manliness of character, and tho resolve to avenge tho king’s “ foul and roost unnatural murder" becomes the one. fixed purpose of bis life. Admirably expressed too is Hamlet’s love for the fair Ophelia, infinite tenderness straggling for the mastery even amid the withering torrent of words with which be assails bor, .while scorn and indignation aro indicated by. a look at , tho. discovery that .Pqlonius and tho bing.are listening near. ; A fine effect is wrought at the conclusion of tho soliloquy. “Oh what', a roguo and peasant slave am 1 ” by the -descent of tbb curtain upon Hamlet seated at tho table preparing tho words where in to oatob tho conscience of tho king, and its immediate raising upon the task accomplished fipd.L-thq Irresgluto f query “Ti> be, or not to be.” Tho; phcbnyqntlonal greeting extended to tfie' players, and the . conversational tone adopted fn the well-known advice were equally, natural,;and the play scene, in which Hamlet,’ anticipating ; tho player, rapidly repeats tho words, ’ “Thoughts bock, hands opt, drugs fit,” and unconsciously draws himself towards tho king, ’ intensifies the climax, which is reached with tho agonised cry, “ Lights, lights," amid a scone of wild confusion. 