Sensorial Illasions, What are we to believe & supernatural ap pearance? It is a most difficult point to decide. NiooLai, the bookseller of Berlin, was for months troubled by spectral appear ances of all shades, shapes, and almost colors : same rh likenMgps nf dead and snma of living friends; others Btrangers to him. From being frightened, he beoame used to them, and, in fact, rather lonely without them. There were horse, dogs, oats, men and women. The latter presently began to talk to e&oh; other and to him. They even suited their voices — to his ear — in the con versations of hie real friends. Nioolai, who was apparently in good health, was escorted in mis way from New Year's Day till 20th Ap4# 1791. The doctors, who wo« convinced that the ghosts were the result of a disordered system, treated him vainly. Sorely here was a ease beyond even the per&drentnre; of a doubt. But presto 1 comes a& unbelieving medico, and with" flOTiflifth" ingenuity bethinks him of leeches. They were applied, and as they drew away the blood the ghosts grew pale and paler, till at last they entirely dis appeared. At the time of applying the leeches, the room was foil of spectres, moving about and speaking cheerfully to each other, as ghosts with good consciences may be supposed to do Ere eight o'clock that night, they had entirely disappeared, and poor Nioolai was bereft of his shadowy companions, whom he never saw more. There is a more surprising oase than this on the reoord6 — one which, even knowing it to have been a sensarial illation, one shudders to think of besetting a man of average courage. Herr von Baczko was a Polish gentleman, to whom, sitting in his room writing his autobiography, an apparition was vouohed. One evening, shortly after the battle of Iena, he relates he was writing when suddenly he felt a poke in his loins, Looking round, he fonnd that it proceeded from & negro or Egyptian boy, about twelve years old. Though persuaded that the whole thing was an illusion, he says he thonght it best to knock the apparition down, when he felt a sensible resistance I The negro there upon attacked him upon the other aide, and gave his arm a particularly disagreeable twist, when Baczko again pushed it off. This negro continued to visit him con stantly dnting four months, preserving the same appearance and remaining tangible ; then, Baozko'e health improving, he came seldomer, and finally appearing ae a brown- colored apparition, with an owl's bead, he took his leave. Here was a ghost that waB not only seen, but felt ; that coold be knocked down, and was capable of rising again to the attack ; a horridly disagreeable ghost, black, sugges tive to the fanciful mind of evil associations ; a ghost anfflniRnf. quite to build a solid rtral theory upon— and yet no ghost at but the mere product of a disordered hver. 