NEWS IN BRIEF.. Gh.st at Devonport. Sharp frosts at Longford. Obstructing the footpaths. L) ric Club concert to-night. Cholera on the increase in England. Terrible ravages by cholera in RusLia. Heavy mortalily throughout America owing to recent cyclone. Suspension of the Equitable Mortgage Company of New York. Football match, City and Launceston, on Saturday, a drawn game; two goals each. E,k Rifle Club social at Longford cn September 26. Ball at Giblin Memorial Hall, Devon port, on Thursday last a great success. New South Wales Parliament further prorogued till September 19. Shearing troubles in Hay district, New South Wales. Turner in great evidence against Notts, taking six wickets for 28. " Maritana" by the Lyric Club at the Mechanics' Institute to- night. Railway beat Holbrook at Hobart on Saturday, 8-6 to 7- 6. Australians beat Nottingham by one innings and 154 runs. The Minister of Lands and the police man. One thousand persons were killed in a cyclone in Beaufort courty. Nott coal-miners r;,sorted to theft to save themselves frcm starvation. Attempted assassination of M. Floquet was made in Fiance on Saturday. An important discovery of tin reported from Pleasant Boat Harbour, St. Helen's. A ballot to be taken in connection with English coal-miners' strike as to its con tinuance. An agreement expected to be arrived at between Great Britain and France over the Siamese disputes. Sydney oranges sold in London at from 4s to 6s, and 50 cases of lemons at 6s per case. Thousands of negroes at Port Royal South Carolina destitute and fighting for food. British South Africa Chartered Company empowered to increase its forces if neces sary. Welsh members threaten to take in dependent action unless Welsh Disestab lishment Bill introduced next session. The somnolent member for Deloraine will have to keep very wide awake if the Agent-General goes for his seat. The New Zealand Government has intro duced a Bank Issue Bill on the same lines as that of New South Wales. Output of silver ore from Zeehan and Dundas for the month of August, 1195 tons, value £14,340. V.D.L Rank Lottery Bill strongly con demned by the 1ev. C. W. Roberts at St. John's Church yesterday. Accident in Brisbane.street. Little girl fell down in a fit and cut her forehead severely. Archdeacon Hales made a strong attack on the V.D.L. Lottery Bill at Holy Trinity last night. Cholera broken out in Jersey city, and continues on the European continent. Pitiful scenes reported from Hungary. Wheaten and oaten hay likely to be taken in England at from £5 to £6 per ton for the next six months. Southern footballers disgusted at the way the game is being played lately. The committee of the association has decided to resign. Drs. Hogg and Clemons left London last week. They are candidates for the posi tion of house surgeon at the Launceston Hospital. . The Australians made the highly res pectable total:of 343 in their first innings against Nottingham, the latter responding with an ignominious 63. The Collector of Customs leaves for Hobart to-day to confer with the Trea surer re the late irregularities at the bond. Huddart, Parker, and Co. popularising the Canadian-Pacific line. Tasmanian Woolgrowers' Company, local agents, sup. ply all information. e Masonic order well represented at tht late Bro. W. G. Beaumont's funeral a Hobart yesterday. Bro. Rev. G. Field ing, of Avoca, read the Masonic prayer, The Devonport ghost routed by the appearance of a reverend son of the church. It always was any odds on the parson in an encounter of this sort. Some of the Deloraine electors are anxious that Sir Edward Braddon should represent them in Parliament, and he will be asked to contest the seat at the coming election. Is it true that shrubs are being removed grom the gardens around the public offices to the Cataract Cliff Grounds ? If so does it not savour of robbing Peter to pay Paul ? A hint to the bands-Would it not be an improvement if two or threeprogrammes of the music to be rendered at their con certs were written out and posted up in Sprominent positions ? Decision in the Pateena- Warrentinna case exonerates Captain Sams, whose certi cate was returned. Captain Hall was also ,exonerated, and the result of two days' enquiry is nil. The hen. W. Hartaoll refuses to com. ply with the " move on" clause, and is escorted to the police station by Constable O'Meara. The case will be heard at the police court to-day. All the mountain sheep in Colorado are owned by the state, and carefully pro tected. The penalty of slaying a mountain sheep is 10 years in the penitentiary. This is probably the severest game law upon the statute books of any state, but it is occasionally violated. The lobby of the House of Commons is haunted almost every day by a lady who trots after Sir William Harcourt with a demand for £23,000,000. It is said that when Sir William perceives this persever ing lady a "bleached" look comes over his face, and he suddenly discovers that he I has business in another part of the House ... Yet she would be satisfied with £4,000,000 paid on account. 