MELBOUllXE GOSSIP. [FROM A IÍADV CORRESPONDENT.] Dear La),-Picnics are thc fashionable amusement ul this season. There ave picnic clubs the members of which call themselves " butterflies " or "grasshoppers," and fly off to thc country or Bc&sidc; whenever possible. They start by special train carly in thc after- noon, taking refreshments with them, suitable for a toa. When night falls they adjourn to a hall (there is generally one with a piano available at these resorts) and the "butter- flies' ball that follows is a very enjoyable finale to thc day's outing. At one of these gatherings, eight pretty girls fussed up BB thc train started and begged a young and verdant male " butterfly " to get theil' tickets, which he did, and it still uniting to be paid. Thc same damsels monopolised more than their share of attention in The over-womaned dance that evening, and it was only next day Ibm it was discovered tliar " those creatures " bad come uninvited and untouched for. Some months ugo Melbourne was completely Í! (jhost-riildcii. Kvery suburb had its own "appalling grim and tricky" ghost There was thc hopping ghost, which leapt across thc street al a bound, and vaulted a fence i x feet high on the other «ide. There was Din j mounted ghost, which, dressed in white, rode a snowy charger: and there was a "chic tiling " in ghosts, which suddenly throwing j back a long black cloak, revealed a horrid form wreathed ta Jinosphoresccnt 3tunc3. Women were afraid ts stfr out after dark, and even Betsy Jane in the tatohcu left off having a night out. But nota- it is the ghosts' torn lo be afraid. Lat-^feem wring their bony hands and tremble, as- they sit in the dark among the tombs; for the "Psychical Re- search Society " has taken them in hand, and they and that new-fanghd spirit, Mr. Stead's " Spook," are to be run to earth cud brought forth to the light. 1 do not kilo» whether the ghost hunters wilt be able to do anything for thc man who is haunted by " Ghosts of fraudulent ftlnt-fltiKk *3aokfl ; Ohosts af ' Copy, dMluud whh 'Junks.' " But perhaps when, they bave red aced all th« old-fashioned night-prowlers to their com- ponent parts, they will in vestigaf e his case. " The Summer Girl " of thc " Block " looks her best at this season. She is arrayed in rt white pink or blue linen-frock, a small sailor hat encircled by a gold-iettereJ black band is placed on the hack ot- her head, to show a trimly curled fringe (the hair being no longer worn as if the hens badi been scratching in it) and her feet arc clad ia white doc-skin shoes, so that al toge tb r she is a cool and refreshing sight on a hot day. Max O'Kell cays thc Australian woman ai o the most frivolous he has ever net. My maiden aunt says, that, as children they , oro brought forward too muoh at " breaking up parties " and dancing school demonstrations, and BO learn to think overmuch of excitement und display. Lately Un. Green's dar.cing CIOBSCB gave an entertainment in aid of the charities. Some five hundred children tonk £xrt in it, and tho affair was opened by thc layer of Melbourne. The children's drw.:-cs out-rivalled llioBe of tho stage, and little maids of tender years capered, pirouetted, and twirled before the foot lights, on the tips of their baby toes, with all- thc skill and " sang froid" of professional'ballet dancers. Aunt was horrified, and SB soon as she has per- suaded Parliament tolakol all smoking men' " Beware of this'animal, he spit«, " she intend? to turn ber attention to the daucing question. Thc latter day plague of State School con- certs is again raging, and'no youngster passes n house, without ringing the bell and trying to sell tickets. In a row. of villas near a largo suburban school the inmates resorted to stratBgein, and swathed their knockers in white kid gloves, but they wera immediately invaded by vendors of patent feeding bottles, who refused to believe that their wares wera not required, and wera harder to shake .off titan the juveniles. Next year th« inhabi- tants will leave for the sea-side before tte breuking-up season begins. The United Soft Coeds Club, compming the leading merchants ot Flinders Lane, invited all-the-world an#bi« wife to a musical, entertainment in the Ttnm Hall the other evening. A collection, is-1 aid of the Homeo- pathic Hospital realised the noble sum of Sd. per head. Not so long ago a threepenny bit was thought hardly coMintent with respect abilitys but times are changed. The inuaic was not up to the mark. " The Soft Goods Liedertafel " rendered a chorus entitled "The Jolly Frogs " in a manner which suggested dogs rather than frogs. Some of tho Bingera were hampered fay a-"bassoon obligaro." Anyone acquainted with the irrepressible nature of a bassoon can imasine the unes peded bursts of hassooniog which ot intervals wrestled with, and overcame the voice of the singers. Yours. 4c. Â crown of gold or a coronet of pearla la the . privilege of few to hay a, but any, lady can rejoice in a glorious bead of hair by the use of Mrs. S. A. Allen's World's Hair Restorer. ADVT. Moan Shepherd. andi Co-, Raglan Timber Yard, East-street, tr*, celling Hardwood Timber for 16s. per lOftsuper feet, delivered. -ADVT. - 