THE ORDINATION SERVICE. Although there was every prospect of a 1 stormy night, there was a good audience at : the Ordination Service. The President opened the meeting by announcing the 868th hymn, ?after which the Rev. R. Caldwell engaged in prayer. The candidates for ordination — the ; Revs. W. A. Burns and W. F. Oaks — were presented to the President by the Secretary of , 'the Conference : and, after the President had addressed a few words to the two brethren, the President requested them to publicly give : ? an account of their conversion and call to the ? luimoury. Mr. Burns said : ' Trained in a Christian . home and taught in a Wesleyan Sunday ?School, I early learnt of the love of the ? Saviour. But it was not until at the age of 13 years that at a week of special services held in our Parramatta Church by the circuit ministers, Revs. G. Martin and J. W. Dowson, 'that I was made t ? feel the deep guilt of my :sin, and the need of salvation. I was then led to come in repentance to the Cross, and by simple trust in the Saviour received the unspeakable blessing of the forgiveness of Bins, and then sprung up the new life of faith in the Son of God. My present position is that with deep gratitude to my Heavenly Father for the way in which He has sustained that spiritual life through many difficulties and dangers, has manifested His great love to His unworthy servant up to the present, and borne with the many unfaithfulnesses, and the very faulty service which I must, with shame, confess. I am determined, by His Grace, to spend my ?life in the work of the Ministry to which he ' has called me. As evidence of that call I 'would speak of the joy it has given me to ' speak with confidence of the one cure for the ?disease of sin, from which all the world's miseries spring, of the knowledge that in some cases He has used my efforts to the salvation of hearers, and the belief that in this way I can best serve my generation by the will of God. Mr. Oaks said: I can remember that as the outcome of my early home training — ^especially that of my mother, and while I was very young I had a distinct and intelligent love for the Lord Jesus: Christ ; but, as I grew ??older, I lost that first love and wandered into ?sin. At the age of 16 I was convicted of sin ?and led to the Saviour. For some time my spiritual life was weak, but under the preach .ing and personal influence of the Rev. W. Clarke it revived, and I was led to a fuller -?consecration of myself to God. Although at first I had no desire to preach, it was gradu ally borne in on my mind and heart that God was calling me in that way. The coincidence ? of like thoughts in pastor and friends empha sised the call, and I yielded. All along the way I have watched myself, and firmly believe ?that the fruit given by God to my ministry seals the call as divine. With regard to my . present experience, I can only say that, more 'than, ever, I feel my own unworthiness, and more than. ever I simply trust in Jesus for . salvation, and more than ever 1 am determined 7to live for God. _ The President then read the Ordination ?Service. At its close the two brethren were -ordained to the work of the Ministry by the imposition of hands, and received the Sacra ment. After the sacrament of the Lord's Supper had been administered to the newly-ordained ministers, the folio wing .ordination charge was delivered by the ex -president of the conference, the Rev. C. Stead, who based his discourse upon the words of St. Paul to Timothy, ' Take heed to thyself,' etc. : — ORDINATION CHARGE. My Dear Young Brethren,— I offer you my sincere congratulations on the completion of your probation. During the four years since you were received as preachers on trial, you have found out by experience what the office of a minister involves, and now, in a. solemn and open manner, you have, in this ordination service, accepted ihe responsibili ties, and piedgcd yourself to a life-long service for the good of others. 1 am also glad that you have passed your examinations with credit to yourselves, and honour to those ministers who voted unanimously for your reception into full connexion. I most heartily welcome y--u into our ranks. In the nama of my honoured Fathers and Brethren I wish you both a most useful career. This year, and this day in this year, will never be forgotten by you. You have taken a step which will mould and determine you entire life. May you have, grace my young brethren to keep all your vows, and to answer the high expec tations which we cherish for you. The portion of God's word upon which I intend to base my remarks, you will find in the 1st Epistle of Paul to Timothy, IV chapter and 16th verse. — 'Take heed unto thyself, aud unto the doctrine ; continue in them, for in doing this thou bhalt both save thyself and them that hear thee.' There is no position in this world which any man is called to occupy at once more solemn and more honourable than that to which you are now set apart. It rests pre-eminently upon the commission of our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and it involves the most serious and tremendous issues. If life and death are in the power of the tongue anywhere — applying this to eternal life and eternal death — it is with the minister whbm God calls to serve in his church. This truth took such a hold on St. Paul that when he said ' We are the savor of life unto life, or of death unto death,' that he seemed to cherish the most serious view of the responsibilities placed in his hand. So conduct yourselves that this great truth will grow upon you, and will root itself more and more in your intel lect and heart. It will thereby wield a vaster influence upon your character and life. It may be very vivid now ; but you will not be always circumstanced as you are to-day. Trying events will happen, changes will come, service, now fresh and inviting, will become common, and under these new circumstances you will need to guard against the loss of the importance and value of this truth. There is much in this service to impress you, the- solemnity of the occasion, the prayers of God's people, the culmination of some of your most sacred desires extending over four years, and the affectionate wisheB of your best triends. As in a race, ? eyes from heaven have been watching, as well as eyes on earth, how you would finish. But .vhen you go forth to the regular duties of the ministry, a change will come. There will be the want of receptive ness when you preach ; and fruit will not appear when you longed for it. Here, chiefly, the danger will lie. To retain this vivid im pression of the importance of your work, you must ever remember two things — First, the care God has bestowed upon you in qualifying you for this work. TniB is stirring up the gift that is within you. He has laid the foundation of an earnest ministry in sav ing you. If you are not saved, you have no business in the Christian ministry. But you have told us that He has saved you. Let no man take this crown from you. Then there is all that spiritual teaching coming to you through many channels from the Holy Ghost. The Bible speaks of you as an earthern vessel, but you have an heavenly treasure, even the knowledge of the glory of God. You are a messenger, and to you the voice has come, ' I send thee,' to 'turn men from darkness to light.' If you have made up your mind to hear that voice daily, then the sense of your responsibility, and the soulani mating inspiration will continue. Again, remember what, in God's name, you have to deal with. It seems to me that to lose sight of the immortality of the souls you have to preach to, is like taking the main spring out of a watch, and then expect it to go. If you have a vivid realisation of the great truths, touching the eternal states of men, joy or misery contingent on the way you perform your work, you will continue in all! the vigour of your ministry. ¥ou will not: be a true minister of the Lord Jesus without this. It was this passion for souls and work which possessed Paul; and this is the very end in writing the passage I read to you as my text. You will note that the order of thought is of the utmost import ance — thyself first, then the doctrine com mitted to thee for a definite purpose. YOUR JFIRST GREAT DUTY, THEK, as a Methodist minister, relates to yourself. If you intend your ministry to be one of power and Boul-con verting results, you must not set aside this solemn truth as it runs through the New Testament, and especially Paul's pastoral Epistles. A minister who has himself experienced the justifying and sanctifying power of the Gospel, who main tains, by secret prayer and the cultivation of his spiritual powers, a fitness for his work, will find out the secret of ministerial efficiency. Your ministry will be what you yourselves are. The fruit will correspond with the tree. The stream, in this case, will be in harmony both as regards quality and quantity with the source from whence it takes its rise. Selfexamina tion on the part of a minister is even more important than in an ordinary member of the church, because the results are more serious and far-reaching. It corresponds with the order of thought, as well as with the order of nature, and the principles of Divine revelation, that everything depends on what a minister is, and not in point of attainments on what he has. His learning may be varied and accu rate ; his elocutionary powers may be most acceptable ; and his ability in administration may be great ; but all this will not bring him up to Paul's ideal— to Paul's model Minister. You must be a model Christian first, and a model Minister afterwards. In your soul the Divine Life must exist in all its fulness and blessedness. The Apostles were first filled with the Holy Ghost, and with faith, and then the fruits of their apostleship were seen. Nothing tells more, effectively in a man's ministry than the moral condition in which his soul has its being. To tike heed means to retain all of godliness you can gain, and to gain all you are expected of God to retain. It means that with the utmost watchfulness your own inner and outer life should be in all respects preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. To have the humble consciousness of occupying this vantage ground when you are in the pulpit, or in the home, is a basis of confidence, and this is your privilege. Let me earnestly exhort you then to take heed to your personal godliness. There is no duty more important, because there is none more closely connected with your own eternal salvation than growth in holiness of heart and life. Some, it is to be feared, while they attend to the advancement of religion in others, forget their own. A clear knowledge of exposure to sin, and liability to falling, will induce carefulness, both how you walk before God and before men. Read those devotional books which will stimulate your soul into a devotional frame. As nothing will compensate you for the loss of moral tone and fervor, give all diligence in the cultivation of them. If lost, you will be as Samson when his physical strength was gone, ' weak as other men.' It is remarkable what care such men as Henry Martyn, President Edwards, John Wesley, and William Bramwell took in preserving the vigor of their personal godliness. Again, take heed to thyself as it relates to your influence among all classes in the circuit. You will be much observed by all classes of persons while engaged in Circuit work. The young will be ever ready to find flaws in your character if they are there, and not so ready to pass over them as some who are more experienced in the divine life. Be sure your influence is alwayB on the side ot God, and cheerful genuine godliness. When you enter a home, as a pastor or a friend, do not forget that you are a minister of the Lord Jesus Christ, and in all things endeavour to represent Him. You can never tell how much good may be accomplished by your cheerful Christian demeanour.. I have heard of men whose influence in the home spoiled their influence in the pulpit. Again permit me to urge upon you to take heed in preserving spiritual freshness in the ministration of God's word. It cannot be denied that this is, and has been, lamentably deficient in some instances. Lukewarmness in the pew is bad enough, but much worse in the pulpit. Your sermons will indicate how near you live to God. It was said of a certain minister that ' his sermons were always juicy.' This is easily accounted for. He who feels his responsibility most keenly learns to pray most fervently. You cannot be men of prayer, providing other duties are conscientiously observed, without being men of power. The best sermons you will make will be those made when your soul is all aflame with the love of God. Do not forget that your power takes its rise in your secret chambei, but it is manifested in the pulpit. You must above all things get the DiVme anointing. Look well to the main tenance of your religious life. It is evident that this thought involves the all-important truth that the great regulating force in your ministerial life will be yourself. It is impossible to over-estimate this truth. Nothing Btrikes the student of history or biography more than this. What names might be mentioned of men who once shone, but the holiness and usefulness became over shadowed by known sin. Quic you like men. Be strong. You must have marked indivi duality ; but you must maintain a ministry which will show that the commission from God in your soul is a living power. If God speaks through you, let every part of your work indicate it. If you regard your tody as ? the temple of the Holy Ghost, one word will suffice. Use it as such, and let physical health stand next in importance to moral condition. THE SECOND GREAT DUTY Urged upon you as a Methodist Mimster relates to: your teaching. Your work in the pulpit must ever be regarded as of para mount importance; Nothing can' conipdn sate you and your flock for the lack of what Divine Revelation connects with the salvation of souls, I mean the preaching of the Gospel. You1 cannot expect to' command the respect, the affection, and the confidence of the people to whom you minister if your preaching is weak. Your sermons consisting in mere truisms and superficial statemeiits, calculated to lull rather than to rouse, wil not be honoured of God in bringing Jnen. to a knowledge of themselves and of their Saviour. Beware of preaching what some worldly and pleasure-loving professors call acceptable sermons. They mean a fifteen minutes' deliverance, in which no one can tell what you are aiming at, and in which there is no attempt to fix a great truth, to grapple with the conscience, or to persuade men as Paul would to break off sins, and embrace the Gospel of the grace of God. If you go into the pulpit fully prepared with your message, straight from the footstool of God, if you are filled with your theme, and your theme thrills and inspires you, your congregations will soon understand your aim, and sympa thize with your spirit, and a sermon of thirty minutes will not seem long. But sermons must not be always measured by miuutes. A/oid performing your work in a mechanical manner. The souls of your hearers will soon find out what you mean by your ministry. In your preaching by all means save some. It will not be apparent to a few, but to all, that you are an ambassador for Christ. This will be the secret of your power. When you are going to preach any where, be sure you get your theme and your text direct or indirect from God, and let them be sealed or sanctioned while on your knees in your secret chamber. Be certain that God the Holy Ghost is going to speak through you. Let your whole mind and soul be permeated with this all important truth, and then, when you have made all the preparation which your mind, enlightened by the Holy Spirit, suggests, go, and with all boldness, and yet with reverence and humility, deliver your soul. We want men to have courage in their preaching in these days. Do not expect true converts ex cept by doing what Timothy was commanded ot Paul to do. Be a student. Be a labourer in the word and doctrine. Do not expect sinners to be converted by mere noisej but by sermonB, and sometimes addresses in. the place , of sermons, which unfold and apply the truth of the living and abiding word. Asa Methodist preacher your duty willdn clude such well understood literary pursuits as will tendtoenrichyourmindandexpandit. Itis not for me to dictate, to you what those pursuits should be. If the golden motto — Mail, know thyself — influenced thousands for their bene fit, how much more should the self- revealing light of the gospel, and the ethical teaching, of the New Testament influence you in being conversant with your own condition and your own needs. But the knowledge of need will indicate what your duty will be. When Paul said to Timothy 'Till I come give atten dance to reading,' he did not say what Timothy was to read. We find from Paul's sermons and letters that his reading was ex tensive, and a noble use he made of the treasures of literature he had mastered. Let me advise you — seldom read for mere pleasure. Your time is too short. Value your own memory so highly that you will not stoop to put rubbish into it. It would be quite out' of place for me to. stop here and define what I mean by literary rubbish. I have confidence in your judgment to leave the selection' of literature with you. But, my brethren^ be readers. Half-a-dozen first class books read in any given year will repay you for all the care and patience you may bestow upon them. There are books which you cannot studiously read, and rise from the reading of them, the same man. It has become fashionable in our day for notable men to tell the world what books most influenced them. You must not neglect some of the old divines, and you must not think they are easily excelled or improved upon by the new. This is the reason why we keep to Butler's Analogy as a text-book. But no man can justify himself who neglects the modern treatises which are in harmony with the modern advances of thought, and the dis coveries in the wide domain of science and literature. Do not imagine that any hook must necessarily separate your soul from God, and from the higher attainment in personal Godliness. You are converted that you may instrumentally convert others. Your grand aim is to save men. If your reading does not more and more fit you for turning men from darkness to light and from the power of Satan to God, in reading — to use Paul's forcible words— you ' miss the mark.' Your sermons will be good in proportion as they are full of ideas — ideas which burn their way into men's , souls. Ideas make sermons and not words. You will not thus preach unless you are a diligent Btudent. If you intend to be a Minis ter of this Church, whose ministry shall be distinguished by efficiency and power, you miist make up your mind to be a couscientious reader. I do not mean a reader of magazine literature and reviews only. You must read the best of books, and read them systemati cally, and you will find it helpful to read the best sermons by the best preachers. I am bound to utter a word of caution respecting th e current newspaper literature of the day. The truth is. you have not time to readforhour after hour in this department daily, and if you are a model Methodist Minister you never will have time; Pastoral visitation, persistent and careful attention to the young, attending the sick,' the dying, and the bereaved; looking after those who have wanderfcd from the fold, presiding at meetings, together with all the long and frequent journeys, which, in most' - Circuits in this land, must be taken, will not allow of y'dur Bpcnd ingtime over thiB teiiipting spriiig of intel lectual pleasure Current literature you must read, but let it be of th^ choicest kind, and calculated to keep you in touou with n.oilern life, and the his', ory of your own times. Again, be sure you preach faithfully the doctrines you believe. Certain doctrines are, as they have been, always objected to, because they are at variance with depraved human nature. If you are faithful you must give offence. Men will not, without some form of opposition, submit to be appealed to on the great doctrines which expose and severely condemn their sins. But, in spite of all this, you must be as your Master, or you cannot accomplish what your Master has sent you to accomplish. The very fact that some men object to these subjects, is an argument, when properly viewed in favour of a faithful ness on your part, which must never know of wavering or relaxation. If you do not warn men, you cannot instrumer.tally save them. If you see the real condition of the exposed and defiant sinner, you must feel the peril and awful responsibility of pointing out what sin will result in. I must earnestly und solemnly entreat you to allow no man at the day of doom to say the blood of my soul is on that unfaithful pastor. There is a way of being faithful without being hard. You can fore warn men in the loving and tender spirit of the true pattern for all preachers, — I mean the Lord Jesus Christ. Some men may leave a congregation to draw inferences from their sermons respecting the nature and conse quences of sin. Permit me to say this was not the plan of him, whom you are bound to imitate. There is a close connection betwe?n fidelity to conviction and spiritual strength. Your moral power in the pulpit will deminish in proportion as you hide the truth of God. Re member the closing words of the Bible — 'If any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away His part out of the book of life.' He takes them away most flagrantly who knows them best, but in his preaching practically ignores them. Your creed does not contain the doctrine of future punishment for the purpose of your concealing it. When God intends you to drop this subject out of your teaching, He will first drop it out of His inspired word, This age needs warning. Some will say, 'Do not frighten the people. You cannot get them into your churches Dy preaching upon such , doctrine.' But are those churches crowded where the doctrine of future punishment is denied, or never taught ? Do people go to a physician who makes light of disease ? Is it a commendation to cry Peace, peace, when there is no peace ? He who can most faith fully unfold retribution on the side of the finally impenitent can most encouragingly present the truth relating to virtue, life, and heaven. My young brethren, ' Hold fast the form of sound words.' 'Keep the faith.' 'Declare the whole counsel of God.' 'Be pure from the blood of all men.' In your preaching invariably obey the Holy Ghost. When you have selected a text and prepared your sermon, and you go before you congrega tion to please yourself rather than the Holy Ghost, no wonder if you have a bad time. If you seek His guidance in all your prepara tions, and then enter the pulpit with a soul iuspiring confidence that you are sent of heaven, you cannot fail. If a man does not honour the Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit will not honour him. Be 'sure to avoid unworthy methods in trying to induce people to attend your ministry. If you attempt to fill your church by such means, you may succeed. But the serious question is, What is your congregation composed of, and what will the penalty be iti the course of things ? Contemplate spiritual results in all you do. If you intend to become a successful winner of souls, pay great attention to pastoral visita tion. Paul said in his farewell sermon at Ephesus : ' I have taught you from house to house.' Some one has said that the two ? seldom or never combine in one man — a good pastor and a good preacher. This is not true ; and I could give you many examples to show that the two have frequently been combined in one man. As far as possible give your mornings to reading ; then make up your mind to see no less than twenty different families each week when in regular circuit work. Try - by pas toral visitation to induce fathei s and mothers to attend your church who go to no place of worship whatever. This may be accomplished by first getting their children to attend your Sunday- school. Dr. Chalmers said a house going minister makes a church-going people. This well known saying is worthy of careful consideration. The advantages of pastoral visitation are very many. You get to know your people, their cares, losses, anxieties; and temptations ; aud this knowledge will aid you both in making sermons and preaching them. It will tend to make you more humane, and a minister whose sympathy is deep, will not toil in this vocation in vain. Your influence will gradually increase over your people when you go among them.as one of them. Times of sore bereavement will come to ? your flock. Do not let a day pass, if possible, before you are in the home where the cloud rests. And be there as Pual would have you to be, to ' weep with those who weep.' The Holy Spirit will make you a means of light and comfort where so much needed. Let me strongly advise you to make all ordinary duties give way for the visitation of the sick. If you neglect one sick person in your circuit much injury may ensue. Be sure you pay regular attention to the young. Win their affection and respect. So act; to wards them. that they will always regard it as a pleasure to meet you, and, as the poet . expresses, the thought To pull the good man's robe, And share his smile. Many a mother will bless your name when you have gone to your eternal reward, if you will lay your hand on her child's head and ask God's blessing ; and then follow up that act by trying to bring that child to a knowledge of his Saviour. Let me assure you that all the attention you may give to the children in your circuit will amply repay you. You are bound to look well to all circuit matters, such as young men's societies, the regular visitation of schools, and maintenance in full vigor of class, and prayer meetings. Get others to assist you as much as possible in all this important work. Do not be afraid of special seasons of revival. Expect them ; pray for them. Some souls can be reached in these means, and perhaps in no other. Paul did various things to save men. Do not be backward in trying any method by which you can save souls. A SOLEMN INCENTIVE. Finally, consider the solemn and abiding incentive to the performance of this work. ' Thou shalt both save thyself and them that hear thee.' The end contemplated in any work lends to it its true value and importance. There is no end in any work so solemn, and charged with such serious results as the work you are now engaged in. It was this thought which led Baxter to say — ' I'll preach as though I ne'er should preach again, And as a dying man to dying men.' It has absorbed the greatest minds in the church from the commencement of Christi anity to this hour, because of its unutterable importance. What end is more serious than the salvation of souls, including the salvation of your own ? How closely they are linked together m your case. If God has called and qualified you to preach his Gospel, you will imperil your own soul if you do not seek to save others. Let your . whole being, spirit, soul, and body be pressed into this one work of saving souls. I am aware that the religion of the Son of God touches the temporal interests of men. It relates to their bodies and homes, their business and social condition. But it has something higher to touch and influence. The true minister of God will not neglect the former, but he pays special attention to the latter. He seeks by all. means to save men. The order of thought is important. If you are saved yourself, it qualifies you for in strumentally saving others. It would lead to, hypocrisy; ana the moral results would be disastrous were it otherwise. A phy sician who rightly estimates the value of health and life regards this law. If attacked with , a dangerous disease, his conduct would be unnatural and inconsistent if he were to go about attempting to cure others when he fails to cure himself, having means at hand to do so. But 'there is a wise purpose in all this, you are'to be a living exemplification of the very object of your own preaching. But, my brethren, you cannot stop here and limit the meaning of this word to time. It certainly leads you to the final issue. The day is approaching when the separation must ensue.. The finally impenitent must be dis tinguished from the saved. In that separation you will have a deep and an eternal interest. The results of your work will be set n there as you cannot imagine now. See that no soul finds its way to the left hand of the Judge through your negligence. And now, let me ask, is there anything more blessed than this — to meet those in Heaven who have been saved by your ministry? Think for a moment what it involves — eternal pleasures with God in His own eternal home — rescued from the power of sin, and from the power of the second death. A soul renewed by Gospel truth, redeemed from guilt, and fitted by the Holy Spirit's cleansing grace for a place among the sanctified for ever. Remember, my brethren, he who knows much about the hell to which sin leads, should know much about the heaven for which salvation qualifies. He who knows and vividly realises the consequences of sin here and hereafter understands best what is meant by being saved. Do not forget the certainty of results by your efforts. If there is one truth which has cheered many a discouraged preacher of the gospel it is the certainty of results. If you are true ministers, you shall see fruit. The text is wonderfully inspiring, because of the Divine assurance, — ' Thou shalt save.' Difficulties may arise, but, thou shalt save ; a sense of weakness may come over thee, but thou shalt save. This promise cannot be broken. God has, I am thankful to say, saved souls by your instrumentality and will do so again. A time will surely come in your life when a retrospect will be inevitable. That solemn period may be brief, or it miy 'be protracted. The great thought which will occupy your mind will be, not what, kind of name have I made for myself as a popular preacher, but how many immortal souls have I been the means of turning from darkness and hell to holiness and heaven. Your mind will be saddened and distressed, or it will be rever ently and gratefully joyful as you look upon the aims and fruits of your ministry. You 'can never expect satisfaction unless your ministry has been a soul-saving one. Make i your sermons and cultivate your motives in the light of the judgment. I can imagine nothing on earth more sublime than the scene in the final lrmrs of a faithful minister of the Gospel. Picture it : the work of life is done ; the shadows of the evening of life are coming on ; the hand forgets its cunning, souls who have been saved under his ministry sending last messages of love, the light of heaven filling his soul, and turning that chamber of death into the ante-chamber of glory, and then, as the scene closes and faint whisper is heard — ' I have fought the good fight ; I havefinished the course ; I have kept the faitn. Hence forth there is laid up for me a crown ot righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day. And not to me only, but to all them that have loved His appearing.' 0 that each in the day of his coming may say, I have fought my way through, I have finished the work thou did'st give me to do. 0 that each from his Lord may receive the glad word, Well and faithfully done, Enter into my joy, and sit down on my throne. The proceedings, which were solemn and profitable throughout, closed with singing and prayer. 