HERE AND THERE. BY THE MAN ABOUT TOWN. IfaatorribsatWagaomettaseto be a t» -anmßtattf* of royalty. Tbe Vioeroy of Inlaid ha* aaaay coasolatioas. He can Ufa the youthful debutante* at kit eeatt, and if aome h» a trifle off color ia tho way ef youth, they are proportionately grateful. Even the Viceroy ol India eaa get away to the Hills, and tke diveriioas of Simla are of an txdting, not to »»y spicy, order. Bat out in Australia a Governor has eoeaetiasas a sultry time of it. He has generally a large itock of orders on band for opening buildings, bazairs, etc. He ia expected to say something new abont aavthiasr at the shortest notioe, sad to be widely interested in everything from easilage to caliathaaica or etotetio Baddhiara. He has frequently to travel bag distance. with members of Parliament! He has a larger -visiting book than any other cittern, aad, eoasequtatly, is more frequently bored. Bat the unbndert eat of all must be when be has to read what it costs to entertain him. "Please ask the Governor to come to oar show," wrote a North-Western Show Secretary Ike other day to the local member. With Us usual courtesy, the Governor wai willing to go. "Is it good •aoughP1 wired back the cautious saamber, and than it was found that it would coat aome thirty pounds to give the visitor a suitable reception. On this followed diaaajdon, and it was finally decided that, ia the present state of affairs, it " wasn't good enough." Of course, the show authori ties are quite right in bsing careful of the members' funds, bat they might ban left the Governor out of it until they had asade np their minds. It isn't customary to ask a maa to dine with yon, and then let him know what it coats yon. Here s a paragraph from a leading Lon don newspaper, the "Daily News":—"On the Occasion of a recent theatre party given by the hon. \V. A. Zeal, President of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, the whole of the stalls and dress circle of tee PrineWs Theatre, Melbourne, was reserved for the guests, who included some promiiwnt members of society as well as politicians." Surely a paragraph this full of point*.' Rather sets the example in style for colonial writers. If Mr Zeal had been mado the President of the New South Wales Legislative Council it would not bavo been ko bad. But a Speaker usually presides in the House to which the term Assembly is applied ia ary Parliamentary system. Again, it ia interesting to hear that "many prominent members ot society were present, as well as poh'ttoisna." The implied distinction be tween the former aad the latter class in this remarkable paragraph luggetts reflec tion of. a far more serious character tfcan those provoked by iv appallingly mixed It is interesting to notice the amount of tender solicitude manifested with regard to Sb Henry Norman's unexpected appoint ment. Now, if anyona is likely to be com pletely educated with regard to affairs Indian, it -.ertainly should be a man who hae spent the greatest part of his life in India is the dual capacity of soldier and diplomatist. Vet certain aristocratic circles is England and India profess to be agitated last the new Viceroy should not be capable of dealing firmly with such important questions aa may arise. Had the Ulaistone Govern ment appointed to the undoubtedly difficult office, say, tho bsatd of one of the noble families in England, with an ciperraoe limited to Downing street and St. James', would there have bees such anxiety! I trow not. The only parallel which oooura to me at the moment is the piotnra of a number of olderly spinsters cautionisg a successful bookmaker against riakiag hia money ou the turf, while the callow youth passes by to plunge on a dead bird. There is a powerful flavor of hypocrisy and jealousy is the pitying, doubting congratu lations tendered to the gallant old soldier who, if his record be any criterion of hia quality, should be well qualified to deal with the possible dangers which menace our Indian Empire. Hy the way, a Rivaian paper has expressed an opinion on this sub ject which ought not to be wholly over looked. The Metropolitan Board of Worta ought to have painted a colored window, designed after the idea of the familiar Peart' Soap advertise ment. One pane ought to represent the poet, philosopher, "financier, fitz Cibbon stretching forth his hand to reach an inae eamsible loan, and be marked with the legemd •• He won't be happy till he gets it;" and the teooad pane ought to represent the tame dear old Fitz holding up the ooveted prixe, " Xow he's got it 1" Of courte, Mr Fitz Cibbon would never content to be p.w,jl naked, Ukotbe little boy in the pic ture, bat that could be overcome, I dare say. Everyone ia glad he has got it. Ke deterred it. Hit interest in the sewerage question is to deap and real. And, by the way, it is not true, I am authorised to cay, that the bard has written an epic poem, "To a Main Sever," dedicated to Councillor 31'SIahon. There are tome point* about being a ghost. Ghost* go when the; like, haunt whom the; please, don't pay any income-tax, are sot worried about politics, do Dot b<T« their mooey locked up in reconstructing banka, and don't eras hare rows about their washing bill, became the fluttering robes they wear never want washing. Better dill, if yon are • ghost, you have tolema, learned people ex citingthenuelTea in tne investigation of too. The study of RhoeU is, in fact, on* of the moat absorbing pnnnlta on the cards. Mr W. I. Stmd, with hi* wonderfully shrewd eye for the burinett side of thing), hu e»en stab lished a apooky migazine called ■■Border land,'' about which everything U to be ghostly, except the pro6U. Last of all, a numbc- of gentlanen is Melbourne, compris iag Mr Astronomer Ellery, Frofean L*arU, Dr Syme.Dr Strong and Protector M'Alpioe, of the Government Botsniat't department, hate fonied tie Baden* of a Melbonrn* Pkyohical Research Society, which it shortly to bepubHelyf!oated.lunder»tandthatitistotit for the oollectioo of evidence, like the Sweat ing Board (there Is a shocking lot of "sweat ing" where the ghoet* cose from '■) and ghoeta an to be called •* witnesses. lam snreaad hop* they will be taocttsiul. At prstect I regard to-called "familitr spirits" at being considerably " under proof," but I have an open mind oa the ■abject. I trust the Society will give particular attention to Australian nativt spook*, bunyipt, "an* aich." They havt nnarbwß properly inv«*tiflaUd by psrchioal atndevita, ao4 then it no rtaaon why an AuttraJU* kuyip shouldn't bt at ajMtlu.My.Mlrithbanißee.otaaoldEnfluk (ttnilytptctn. In tot, U tka native artsaW eVkts not (tt. jottiea tVmt, I shall, wttn tke •dtror't ftwnawtnaj, ate this eolamn far con etnetamg nr agitation is favor of taxing tta tntai fpiriH and pruttctias t»« loenl aitJeb, ft far naving tt» fomtr atamped.as U pto poatatobtdonewithCkiatttrarßitun. So JBttktMrfffltryand Proifor Lauritloot out! Tfct •vflt of tk* oflat»VaHt,kav*tkcy ■tt Wwn toad ty rtii—li «i anton and wHtn wko-Miw kotw wkt it m. A Da QtjMt* b Mt fovU at *>*r> ttnat ommt, at il it Mt mmj to WHi kit •' eta ettittMu" Ot tsjtjsw, ttitmypWnebty to Mm ttat Mk «s*s»«» mA opam tsMrttß ■arfw/a tnm. OtsiiMly m» *m iadeti eoaw. ' *■•■ • *•** «•••— • man, for inlttaoe, hale and kearty at eighty or aktt**,, wfco ha* amoked and chewed toUeeo froea boyhood. Onoe, to*, I recollect, when in virteel qoaraatine, a woeua of om eighty, who kad volunteered aid to the tick whea yoonger amm« ware not to be obtained, sat dawa with eM before the fire etch malar, and we aiagled our n spectiio cloud* of tobaeoo smoke. So fsr M I know, she is alive yet, and always eajoye fcer pipe. Bat what of a case just reported by Mr E. H. Parker, who has been writing ti the Eog liah papen about the mines in Barauh. Mr barker aaye:—" At the woond mine then is an old Chinese patriarch ; he is 75 yean of age, and has bean 40 years ia the oouatry. saaokiag opiom steadily all the time. He keeps a drag shop, and eessas to be wry much respected ia the leighborhood." No wonder. That soaa hae earned a title to respect. One who c*a smoke opium steadily for 40 ytan might fairly be regarded as establishing a record in kU own particalar line. Hard cases are said to make bad laws. Unquestionably the case of that ancient Celestial plays the deuce with some cbsciahed notions. I "Somo queer stories are afloat in the Ruunymede district," writes ■ correspon denr, " with reference to the .Torj?ensen episode. Among othen, it is rumored that a newly - married lady in tends to tako Qivorce proceedings •gainst her husband on the ground that on one occasion when she—tho wife— was in ill- health he slept in the same room as Miss Jorgonsen." If the wives of all tho men who ma; have happened to occupy the tamo room as Mias Jorgcnsen, during her career in masquerade, elect to take tho same view as the lady alluded to, there will be trouble. 