Our London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate London, September 21, 1893. MT DEAR CLARA,-I did not tell you anything last week about the sensations in the Lords over the Home Bule Bill, did I ? Well, better late than never. It was all so exciting, and papa sayB it will be historical, and so, of course, you antipo dean dear, you must not be left without some particulars of these important and tremendous proceedings. Well, first of all, I must tell you that their .Lordships have accepted a most wonderful innovation. The muBty, fuBty, old fashioned, antediluvian old darlings, have actually consented to having their dark and mysterious acts and deeds illuminated by the electric light. Fanoy, up bo now, their lordly législative labors have been lighted by wax candles only. A regular Noah's ark arrangement don't you think ? Mamma remarks that my ob- servations savor of flippancy, and says that " a soft light turneth away wrinkles and is most becoming," and then I said " everything is most becoming to you, dear." Then she said, " I was a flatterer," and she " thought her pearl necklace (which I waa so fond of bon owing) was a little too youthful for her, and that I might keep it " ; and now I am more than ever persuaded that my own particular mamma is just the nicest possible thing in mammas. Well, of course, you know it is all over, the deed is done. The Lcrds threw it out, not exactly out of the window, hut very nearly so. They were really quite violent, or as nearly violent as such relics of the dark ages could be. And we all feel the same way, the printer did when he gob ihe last bit of copy of the celebrated John- son's " Dixonary." *' What did he say ?" asked the great lexicographer of th« boy by whom he had wich a most polite and grand ¡sonian message sent it. " He said, sir, thank God, I've done with him atlast." * * * ? . ?.. .. - lb was a great scene in the gilded chamber; the floor of tbe House- was suffocatingly crowded. Everybody was there. Archbishops and bishops, and dukes, and marquises, and earls, and lords of every degree, availed themselves of their here- ditary rights and privileges, and pushed their way in. They put away from them the delights of partridge shooting and the charms of Don- caster, and stayed in town and did their duty like men. The Duke of Fife left Mar Lodge on Thursday, in the middle of the premier gathering, came to London, voted in the division, and then fled bick northwards. Lots of Deers who had never appeared before (joke), came up and took their oaths and seats for the first time, and lots came who had not been in- side the House for years, and the policeman on duty gave up the idea of identifying them, and said : " When we sees a fellei in a velvet jicket, with side pockftp and he says 'e's a peer, we lets 'in in." The Marquis of Waterford, lame ant invalided for years, was brought down on his bed The steps of the throne were occupied by bands o: daring and ambitious individuals, if one may bi allowed to designate such salt of the earth ai individual. At least they took possession of tw< steps, for thus far may the bold intruder advance and no further. The peeress' gallery was full t< overflowing, and looked most brilliant with crowdi of lovely women in every conspicuous extrava gance of evening dresB, and blazing witt diamonds; among them were the Duchess o: Devonshire, Countess Cadogan and Countesi Spencer, the Marchioness of Londonderry an< Marchioness of Waterford, Countess of Denbigh C matosa of FUntry, Countess of Romney, Countesi of Lindsey, Couatess Cjwper, Lidy Ivea^h, Lad: The Red Earl. Brassey, Lady Tennyson, Lady Ribblesdale, Lady Kelvin, and Lady Monteagle. * Before the trumpet sounded the call "To arms," Lord Salisbury went softly up, took a seat on the woolsack, and had " A chat with the Chancellor." * * Earl Spencer moved the second reading of the bill. He sported a voluminous white waistcoat, and the red beard of " The Red Earl" seemed redder than ever. * * It waBjall very brilliant and exciting, and all therest;of it, but so fatiguing. Fancy it was «leven minutes before midnight before the House divided, and in 35 minutes the members were out, majority against the bill 378, and then we went Home tired to death ; but papa was jubilant, and said " the Marquis of Salisbury bad saved the country." - That's all very well ; perhaps he did, but he* was deadly dull, and it remains in my mind an open question which is the greater calamity-Io loose the country, or listen to his speeches. Thank goodness, while 1 am debating this momentous ÍBBUO with myself. I fall fast asleep. * e. * Last night we were at " the Proms "-that's the slang for the promenade concerts at Covent Garden. We had a box-so nice. Ko trouble to dress, you know. There was such a crush ; the theatre was just crammed, and the pro- gramme-a distinctly, desperately, difficult, classical, selection; and there the spellbound multitude stood and listened with real, and ex- pressed, and exquisite, and untiring delight tc At the " Proms." Buch airy trifles aa Schumann's symphony in D minor, and the Pastoral Symphony, and some- thing tremendous of Wagner's. I can't tell you what it was-I lost the programme-but it was something that nobody coula possibly .understand, ai)d now I remember, the name on the bill looked something like bad language, and it left one with a feeling of general uncertainty about the feet, and a decided lightness in the head. I may be low in my tastes, but I certainly felt that l eonid with pleasure give something considerable it any kind lunatic in the audience would strike up " Ta-ra-ra-boom de ay " for a chaDge. * Thia summer will not only go down fr» posterity as the ve y hottest ever known out of Tr xas and certain popularly supposed adjacent regions ther eto, but it will be also distinguished as " The .Blue Big " solstice-not the cerulean receptacle affected by the limbs of the law, and the attending and somettmep|revolving satellite3,but the dreadful color distorter, used with such prodigality and deadly effect by your laundress, and which not only tint * your linen but your language. At every garden party, river party, or picnic, when you are rowing, or racing, or riding, or driving, when y"u are tennising, or croqueting, or cricketing, or waking, or sauntering, or sitting down, or stand- ing up-or, in fact, engaged in any ouf-of-dooi occupation, the one anxious and "sudden thought," inquiry made, has been," Have you got the-?" and here the questioner would whis- per, and the questioner would nod, in a reassuring way, and a big sigh of relief goes up from th? girls as the Martha- the royal rememb ancer the useful member of the party stops, and disin- ters from the deepest depths of her silken anc voluminous reticule, a tiny, tiny oil silk bag. Shi slowly pulls it open ; we peep in. Ic is there wit! joy we recognise it, our salvation, "the blu< ba^." What for ? " you ask. Why, for the waspB with the biggest " W" that waa ever seen. All the wasps of the wo«-ld, with waists of the smallest and yeltow strips of the broadest have come tous. They came in swarms, in clouds. They fill everything and every place. They hide themselves in and fiad a home near the heart of the choicest fruit. You eat your peash, but you cannot eat your wasp. He stops in the middle of your throat to sting you. When you wash your hands, you find him stuck oh the under side of the cake of soap. He haunts you. He nestles in your back hair, just at the nape of your neck. You feel something tickle. You think with horror of earwigs. You make a sudden grab; you catch the thing. It is a wasp ; it stings your nagera, and you let it go. He sits and sings in triumph on the pet curl of your fringe. He looks into your ears; he wakes you up in the morning walking on your eyelids. You are never free from him. Every place is fitted with the very latest patented up to date traps, designed for his especial benefit, into which every other, insect and creepy and crawly and flyey thing walks, and ia incontinently caught, but never a wasp. * Learned mea in long and scientific and supremely dull papers tell us that the wasp is a timid thing, and that it stings from sheer nervous» ness. That's all very well, but I know which begin«! to tremble, the soonest when the stingey personage and I meat alone and unprotected. The wasp'always has the best and busiest time of it, I shriek and fly and he flies too, and invariably catches up and on, and there is nothing left for me to do but to cry my eyes out and to rub the place with " the blue bag." . We did not go to Doncaster. I don't believe anybody did, and from what I can understand it was also flat, stale, and decidedly unprofitable for the local people, who, as a rule, make hay enough in one week to render themselves independent of the sun's rays for the rest of the year. There was no speculation about the Leger. Everybody knew that Isinglass was going to win, and, of course, he carried everybody's money, but, fancy, at what a price-95 to 40 on ! There were so many things against the success of the meeting, chiefest among them being the local strikes, which have gobbled up all the spare cash of the enterprising Tyke. Then there was no H R.H., the light of whose countenance does so much for the noble sport. Then all the best people were in London, exciting themselves over "Tue" Bill. Then the weather was so hot, and the journey is so long, and the ground was understood to be so hard, and the-well, you know the sort of things that crop up-and the end of it was-*we did not go. * This is the silly season, you know, and some- thing stupid always crops up. There is a great talk just now about " The cult of the uncanny," and the business ot ghosts, and spooks of all kinds, is looking up, and the look out is most en- couraging for the promoters, &c;, and Mr. Stead'* "Julia" is really too busy for anything. W? certainly seem going back to the middle aget (mamma is " looking over," and she says " midd]« age" is not a nice expression; that I shoulc say "mediaeval)." For two sane corpora tions (I suppose no corporation could bi collectively insane, and besides the shares are al "paid up," but that does not always denote nani ty, does it?) have sent out two wen with divining rods to try and locale water in dry places. # # # Would you like to know how the Queen passes her days at Balmoral ? Well, I . will give you the particulars of one; you will have a very fair idea of the remainder, for they are as nearly as possible all alike. At 8 a.m., her Maj96 ty is aroused by the " dresser." Then she has a cup of tea, or coffee, or chocolate, and some dry toast. Then the curtains are pulled aside-(the windows are always open)-then the Queen reads her family letters which each morning are placed on a revolving table ab the bedside. She opens them with the same ivory knife she used when she was Princess Victoria, lhe first question asked of the attendant is " How is the weather?" and the report regulates the subsequent proceedings of the day. At 9 30, the Queen, wearing a soft morning wrap, breakfasts in the pavilion on the lawn. The favorite dish is a freshly caught and fried Deeside trout, those about a hands length being preferred. During the breakfast the piper plays; but allowance having to be made for the royal digestion, he is stationed a quarter of a mile away. At 10.30 the Queen has a change of toilette, and at ll she goes o ut in the pony chair. The pony ia led by Francis Clark, a stalwart Heilandman, the successor of John Brown, whose grave she visits one day in each week, and upon which on her arrival at and departure from Balmoral she placeB with her own Imperial hands a wreath of freBh flowers. . At 12.30 the Queen returns from her drive, and has an egg beaten np in milk, some soup, and a little fruit. Then, assisted by her private secre- tary and the Minuter in attendance, she devotes one hour and a half to the public business of the Empire, Then her Majesty takes luncheon, which is her best meal of the day. Then she reacts the papers ; after that she indulges in 40 winks. Then more toilette, and she drives out for the afternoon. If the day is fine (everything necessary being taken along) her Majesty drinks tea in the open air, in some previously arranged point of the drive. If it is wet, she - will stop at a cottage and drink tea there. S he often shops at Mr. Symons'B. the only store in the village, and, buys tea and su4ar and little comforts for ber particular pen- sioners. On her return to the Castle she spends an hour with the grandchildren. They come down in batches, and she tells a story br has a game with them, and nearly every day she brings them some little present. After this a little more rest, then more toilette, elaborate this time,; and at 8.45 dinner; after which there is a rubber of whist or a game of picket, and parhaps a little music, then a little solitude, and her Majesty retires at 1 a.m. * m * M. Saint SaenB's Biblical opera, " Samson et Dalila/' was to have been presented at Covent on Wednesday, with full choral »nd orchestral effects, but it was found to be impossible to get it ready, and it has been postponed. The eminent composer has been in England for a fortnight directing the rehearsals. Mdlle. Sinz will sing Dalila. The opera was written in 1871, and this part was first given by Mdlle. Yiardot Garcia at a semi-private performance in 1872. The ladies and gentlemen engaged in the cast of the new Gilbert and Sul- livan opera, now in rehearsal af. the Savoy, are Miss Nancy M'Intosh, Miss Brandram, Miss Florence Perry, and Miss Owen, Messrs. Barring- ton, Denny, Scott Fishe, Gridley, Haswell, and Pa smore. Sir Arthur will conduct the premiere. * * * The operas to be performed on the forthcoming tour of Sir Arris's Italian Opera Company are " Cavalleria Rusticana " and " I. Pagliacci," "L'Amico Fritz," "Las Huguenots," " Orfeb," " Lohengrin," and " Carmen." The Worcester Festival fcas been a failure this year. Supposed cause: The "No-novelty-and get-your-chorus from-Leeds" expedient. V The London Conference of the Institute of Journalists are, among other delights, going to get plenty of music. A classical concert at the Crystal Palace on Saturday, on Thursday night at the Imperial Institute a grand popular vocal concert, supported by Mesdames Ella Russell, Antoinette Trebelli, Palliser, Helen Trust, Giulia Valda, Giulia Warwick, Nancy M'Intosh, Balle Cole, and Hilda Wilson, Messrs. Lloyd, Plunket Greene, and Santley, with Moser*. Bird, Wadding- ton Cooke, Clutsam, and Lane Wilson as con- ductors, * * On Friday night a concert by the students of the Guildhall School of Music ; and on Saturday (to take the classical taste out of the mouth) there is to be a grand festa, a la Chevalier, and Mrs. 'Enery 'Àwkins, assisted by about 40 artists will entertain the conference of which Mr. Bussell, of the Glasgow HERALD, is president this year. * * * Maud : He asked mn to marry him, but said he had oriya broken he*rt to ofter. Gladys : Surely you did not ace dpt him uader those conditions ? Maud : Oh, ye?, I did. His banking acount was sound enough. * Good-bye, daar. Tour loving cousin. KATE. 