UNIONISM. 1O THE EDITOR. Sir — Unionism at the present cay is spoken of in many quarters as a power that carjnot be ignored. May I ask, what is unionism V I read in the English papers tbat there is the old unionism and the new, and tbat the new got terribly beaten at Hull, and after it was beaten the leaders had the in credible meanness to ask those very ship owners whom they had tried to ruin to subscribe for the benefit of the strikers. 1 tear tnat it is tbe new unionism tbat we have here in Australia. Those persons who think that there is no ability amongst the work ing clashes are wonderfully mistaken. Never , saw the world more cleverness than exists in the union leaders, never were peers nor ministers of State so absolute. They issue their mandates, and the men sink as bravely as the men of the Victoria did by order of Admiral Tryon. The leaders live on the fat of the land and orate in Parliament about brotherly love and Christian socialism, while dooming their unfortunate followers and their families to desparatioD, starvation, and despair. Witness the strikes— tbe former great shipping strike, the shearers' strike, the coalminers' strike, the Moonta strike, the 'Broken Hill strike. In all these cases tbe poor men were beaten, and suffered and starved, misled by their leaders. But the leaders waxed fat on the pay they got for mis leading them. I am told that one of them is now the richest man in his district in Victoria. During the heat of the ship ping strike, when misery and destitution walked abroad rampant, a waiter at a first-class hotel in Melbourne called my atten tion to four apparently wealthy gentlemen of high position at an adjoining table laughing and joking over their savory viands and their claret, and told me tbat they were union delegate?, two of them over from Sydney about the strike. Well might that barman shrug bis shoulders ; well might these gourmands laugh. Without strikes the reason for their existence iB gone. Merrily call we strike, oh ; drink our claret and revel, while men and masters alike go to ruin. — 1 am, &c;, HUXLEY'S GHOST No. 2. Sir—' Huxley's Ghost No. 2' is a long loDg way behind the times as to his information, or eke, as I rather suspect, is drawing on his imagination for his facts. It seems almost childish to contradict Buch absurd statements as he makes, and yet I suppose that there are some wbo otherwise would think they were correct. I defy him to name a single caee in modern times — say in the last 50 years— in which a strike has been decided and ordered by the leaders. In all cases it is the men them selves who decide the matter, and too often alas ! in a way directly contrary to the advice and wishes of the leaders. The beautiful simplicity with which he acknowledges to having accepted as gospel what a Melbourne hotel waiter told him shows how easily any one who got hold ol him might stuff their goose, while the repulsive cowardice of the man is proved by the way in which he flings dastardly libels anonymously at a class of self-denying hard-working men whose shoes he is not worthy to blacken, and against no one of whom he dares to bring any such ac cusation over his own name. — I am, &c;, JOHN N. BIRKS. Port), July 11, 1S93. 