"IF THE FOUR GOSPELS BE MYTHS?" We do not depend on tbe four Gospels alone for the knowledge and precise atatement of them ; indeed we have them 'more precisely, if possible, stated in other books m the Bible than in those fragmen tary acconnts ; and the fact that those dogmas are the same and professedly fonnded on the same events which the Gospels record, restores to ns the Gospels : again, if we have given them np for the sake of argument. . . Collections of contemporary letters are always considered the most valuable -materials of history, and of all sources of the knowledge of the dogmas of a reli gion, the letters of its leaders to its fol lowers for directions are the most certain. Now we have this CTcat advantage in the ' Nw Testament. If we admitted that St. 1 John's Gospel came as late as the second century, yet it is certain St. Paul died before 68, A,n. He is said by Jerome and Eusebius to have suffered death ' under Nero, and Galba succeeded Nero in 68j but he has left us seyeral letters written to Churches, and to members and ministers of them, ail referring to their Christian belief, and speaking of it as already fixed and commonly acknowledged unong th em as essential. Of these letters of St. Paul, Senan, the most learned and sharpest critic among antichristians says, they may be arranged in five classes. _ 1. Epistles unquestionable and unques tioned—namely, the Epistle to the Gala- tians, the two epistles to the Corinthians, and the Epistle to the Romans. . 2. Certain epistles to which objections have been raised namely, the two epistles to the Thessalonians and the Epistle to the Philippians. 3\. Epistle of probable authenticity, although open to grave objections— namely, the Epistle to the Colossians, to which is annexed the note to Philemon. 4>. Doubtful epistle; namely, the epistle to the Ephesians. 6\. False epistles; namely, the two Epistles to Timothy and the Epistle to Titus." It is not needful to deal with what the master mind among the antichristians asserts to be false or doubtful. It is enough that these divisions (4 and 5) are the merest fraction of the whole : and to the whole minus this small fraction he mves the valuable testimony of a master- loe. "We have nothing to say here," he says, "concerning, the epistles of the hrst category ; the most exacting critics, such as Christian Bauer, accept them without objection, nor scarcely shall we dwell on the epistles of the second class, These three epistles possess a character of authenticity which overcomes every other consideration." Of the Epistle to the Colossians, he says, he "believes it to be genuine and authentic." Of these we tahe four whose genuineness has not and cannot be seriously questioned— and the mtest of these four dates certainly within years at farthest from the date of the alleged resurrection of Christ. They Were written while he was yet at liberty, and before the date at which, in the Acts of the Apostles, we are told Porcius Festus came to Felix. Now that event happened about the year 60. Paul had then been two years in prison, which will give us A,D. 68 as the very latest date for any of these Epistles 28 years after the resurrection. Twenty-eight years do not allow time for myths and superstitions to become solidified into settled dogmas, nor for floating rumours to bei relied on as facts sufficient to found such a religion as revolutionizes a world. Take now, for simplicity, one of those undoubted letters, the first epistle to Corinthians. We find the apostle S. Paul, about a quarter of a century after the events, writing about dogmas — not newly propagating them, but talking of things long taken as settled truths, and so far beyond contradiction, that they are made the reason for other truths to be settled. 1 Corinthians, xv. — Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand : by which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, and that He was buried and that He rose again the third day, according to the Scriptures, and that He was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve; after that He was seen of about 600 brethren at once, of whom the greater part remain unto this day, but some are fallen asleep ; last of all, He was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time," &c.; ; and again, " Now if Christ be preached that He rose from the dead, how say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead, but if there be no resurrec tion of the dead then is Christ not risen ; and if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith also is vain. Ye are yet in your sins." Now, the whole of the dogmas of Christianity are enunciated in those epistles, and with this specimen before us nobody will venture to deny that they are so plain and clear that he who runs may read. Let us, for simplicity, confine ourselves to these. Twenty-five years after Christ, enemies of St. Paul were trying to injure his influence at Corinth, and denying the ressurrection of the body. He appeals to long-known and settled dogmas which already were indisputable— that Christ died for our sins, was buried, and rose again from the dead on the third day. He asserted what all of them knew— what he had often before spoken of— that the majority of 600 brethren alive had seen Christ after his resurrection — and this to sceptical critics who denied the resurrec tion of the dead. This same Paul was at first an unbeliever and persecutor. He tells us how he was converted by seeing Christ. . This one epistle then clearly certifies to us that the Christian dogmas were, and had long been already received up to the 28th year after Christ's ressurrection. Take now the second epistle to the Corinthians, which is also acknowledged ' to be genuine ; see what it incidentally informs us in 2nd Cor., xii. He recalls a circumstance which happened to him, whether in the body or out of the body he could not tell ; but such an event as in its nature could only happen to him either as the means of his conversion, or afterwards when already a Christian. In fact, he says he was then "in Christ." He was caught up to the third heaven— to Paradise, and heard abundant unutterable revelations, and yet this happened, he said, so long as 14 years before. 14 from 28, this brings his acquaintance with Christian dogma up to within 14 years, at furthest, of the Bessurrectioh — probably much nearer. Then, in Gal., i. and ii., he speaks of going up to Jerusalem to see Peter three years after his conversion. 14 years afterwards again with Barnabas, which will bring us to within 10 years of the Resurrection. The dogmas were every where at these early dates universal in the Churches, nor did they differ because of the particular apostle who planted the faith, nor of the peculiarities of the people or region in which Christians lived. Take lor example the Epistle to the Romans. It is written to a Church not planted by St. Paul — he had never been there. There was a large number of Chnstians there, and there had been a Christian Church there for many years. He sas he " had for many years a desire to visit them, and was let hitherto." Take the "many years" out of the twenty- eight, and how early do we find the Christian dogmas settled ! For we find he takes for granted they held precisely the same doctrines which he held himself, and which he wrote to Corinthians and Galatians, as their apostle. They also already believed at Rome, as the others did in Greece and Asia, that Christ was crucified, that he was buried, that he rose, that salvation was to be had by that death and resur rection, that he sat at God's right band, and would come again in glory to judge, that He gave them the Holy Spirit from Heaven, the spirit of adoption — the pledge of their sonship and acceptance with God. St. Paul did not profess to teach them these things so as to originate belief in them. He writes as if they knew it all before many years before — and that there was no dispute about it. So let the Gospels be as late as you please, here are the same dogmas received implicitly everywhere, founded on the very same events recorded in these Gos pels by St. Paul, an unbeliever converted within six years of Christ — a contempo rary of Christ himself, and one who speaks of those who were in Christ before him — by the Corinthians, Galatians, Romans. Shall we add the Thessalonians, Ephesians, Colossians, Cretans ? How then could any sharp criticism of the framework of the Gospels, or guesses at their dates, or speculation as to the manner in which they were drawn up, or theories as to their authorship, touch in the slightest degree the dogmas so plainly proved to be characteristic of Chris tianity ! But it seems that the hostile critic likes St. Paul's dogma of Christianity still less than the four Evangelists. For not only does St. Paul reassert all the significant mysterious facts of the Gospels concern ing Christ, but he argues from them, and eniorces them, and systematises the doc trines which depend on them, in a manner terribly real and trenchant. The critics, evidently having relegated the Evangelists to later dates, or perhaps to the mythical regions of fable, have gone further and fared worse ; for here is Paul, a contem porary of Christ, a trusted agent of the Sanhrim, well acquainted with the events. Something must be done to silence Paul ; and, as he cannot well be relegated to a later date — and there is no time at all allowable for the growth of a myth — the resource of despair is this : " Paul, on his conversion, introduced a new Gospel of his own, differing materially from Christ's Gospel : " and when we mildly ask where then are we to find Christ's Gospel, so as to compare it with Paul's, they answer, in the Evangeliets' account of his teaching — the sermon on the Mount, &c.; So after all we have back again what we were called upon to repudiate — the Gospels. Better bring them back than be overthrown by the overwhelming logic of St. Paul. These worthies are like Herod the Sadducee. He did not, believe in resurrection nor spirit; but in his alarm about Jesus he forgot his theory, and said, " It is John Baptist whom I beheaded ; he is risen." Now, look at the absurdity that lies in the face of this supposition, for which there is not the most remote pretence of a reason. Saul, of Tarsus, had been a persecutor of the Christians ; when he was converted, they feared to receive him; their own doctrines were so fixed that they willingly suffered imprisonment and death in their behalf, and yet they allowed Paul, the new, suspected convert, lately a fierce enemy, to dictate to them a new Gospel, and a new Christianity; although the companions of Christ — James, Cephas, and John — who seemed to be pillars, in conference with Him, added nothing to his, but left us their sayings and writings, in which not so much as a. word is breathed about any difference — on the contrary, the same doctrines are maintained by all; and when one of these, St. Peter, does refer to his heloved brother Paul, in whose epistles there were some hard things toi be understood, he nevertheless refers to them as agreeing with and substantiating what he was himself writing. But what is it which is supposed to be in St. Paul different from the teaching of Christ as recorded in the Gospel ? " Oh, Christ," we are told, " taught the Fatherhood of God — as in the Lord's Prayer." Certainly. And this is pre cisely what Paul teaches, more in detaiL Because , ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of His son into your hearts, whereby ye cry " Abba, Father." — Gal. iv. 6. Ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby . we cry " Abba Father." — Rom. viii. But surely Christ taught something more than this, and we must not wonder if St. Paul taught more, too. In teaching this, we cannot, with the utmost search, find anything even apparently differing— except in expansion and application— from what Christ is recorded to have taught. We are thrown upon the keener perceptions of the critics, and we find them alleged in various pamphlets which do duty no doubt among the simple who believe every word, dealing tremendously in assertion, but putting nothing to the proof. The following are the new dogmas alleged to be introduced by Paul, contrary to the Gospel of Christ: — Original sin, the Atonement, the Deity of Jesus, the Trinity, Predestination, Justification by Faith, and other mischievous doctrines. Of course we cannot pretend to enter into all these subjects minutely here, but we can say sufficient to indicate the audacious falsehood involved. 1\. St. Paul mentions the Trinity in his benediction — "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with you." Christ equally mentions it in his commission to baptize "in the .name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Surely there is no difference. 2\. St. Paul does not use the term " original sin," but he preaches and writes on the supposition that all have sinned and come short of the glory of God, and require to be saved. So also does Christ. His very name — a Saviour — implies that the world was sinful. " I came to seek and to save that which was lost," and the Spirit He promised was " to reprove or convince the world of sin." 3\. Whatever St. Paul says of Pre destination is not a change from what our Saviour says—" Many be called but few chosen." "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you." I have ordained you that ye should bring forth fruit." '' Come ye blessed children of my father inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world." Whatever explanation suffices for these expressions of Christ will equally apply to St. Paul. I do not lecture to-night on so deep a subject, but it is clear St. Paul and Christ do not differ. 4\. Justification by Faith is indeed amplified by Paul and argued out, but it is emphatically asserted by the Lord in numberless places. " If ye believe not in me ye are yet in your sins," Jno. viii., 24\. " Whosoever believeth in him hath everlasting life." Belief or faith is in these and a hundred places made by Christ the criterion. Where, then, is the diversity ? 6\. The Godhead of Christ is certainly not more emphatically claimed by St. Paul than by the Master himself. He begins in the very sermon on the Mount by his own mere word, " I say unto you " to revoke and even reverse ordinances which were held to have been dictated by God. He forgives sins directly by his own power. He says he is to be the judge of all men end nations, and in that judgment to know and weigh their motives and actions — attributes of omnipotence which nothing less than God could sustain. He says, "I and the. Father are ' one thing.' " Upon being asked by Philip, "Lord show us the Father, and it sufficeth us.'' He answered, " Hast thou been so long time with me, and hast thou not known me, Philip. He who hath seen me hath seen the Father, and how sayest thou show us the Father." He also claimed power to raise himself from the dead. St. Paul does not certainly speak more emphati cally of the Godhead of Christ than this. He plainly teaches the same thing ; nor is his undoubted testimony to Christ's Godhead (Philippians ii.) more emphatic than Christ's acceptance of . that ejaculation of Thomas — My Lord and my God. 6\. But, of course, the great offence is the Atonement — anything to disparage that. The old Jewish stumbling block, and Greek folly — still an offence to the unbeliever ; and to those who believe, the power of God and the wisdom of God. It is wonderful what enmity assails the supreme act of the most profound mercy and love ever yet accomplished in Heaven or earth : and with what astonishing fidelity that old cry of the scoffers at Calvary is re-echoed to-day, "Let him come down from the cross and we will believe him." St. Paul makes it so clear that the atonement is the very foundation of his Gospel, that the only way of avoiding it is this pretence that he added it, and Christ did not teach it. Well, we do not expect to find so much about atonement in Our Lord's discourses before he had atoned ; but surely we can attach no other meaning to his acceptance of the title, " Lamb of God who taketh qway the sins of the world;" to his saying, he would "Lay down his life for his friends;" to His giving the cup of wine at the last supper with the words, "This is my blood of the New Covenant, which is shed for you, and for many, for the remission of sins." Blood shed for remission of sins is surely an atonement, So likewise not only Paul but St. Peter, and St. John everywhere, " Who His own self bare our sins in his own body oh the tree — by whose stripes ye are healed." 