TOM GUERNSEY'S' GHOST." (By Wallaby). JNo dount my readers are unaware of tho locality of Black Creek. Well, for the benefit of the uninitiated,'!'! .will explain that the creek is situated withiii " 1 000 miles or isurrowa, una township tltut sends tiie Hon. 'JT M. Slattery with monotonous regu larity into the sacred precincts of Parlia ment. Black Creek is nothing more nor less than a chain of wateriiolus for about ll'J months of the year ; the other fortnight it enjoys the appearance, if not tho name, of a river— not a very deep one, certainly, but wide enough to make the selectors resident on its banks feel ruthor uttcoirifortaule. In the wintor of the year 1881 one Tom Guernsey, 'a selector, residing in an old slab and bark hutnpy near a bend in the creek", took it into his head to go down to Shovel's Creek and sample the wares dispensed by tlie shanty-keeper in that aristocratic and populous centre— there were fuily 20 adults resident thereabout. When Guernsey started he did not know where to stop, so when lie had as mueli liquid fire in his "innurds" as would keep steam up in a locomotive, he staggered up to his horse and foil on board. The horse was an old hand at the game, and he knew just what ho had to do, and how to do it. Ho started down the track at a leisuroly canter, a3 was his usual custom ; but Tom had evidently got a galloping fit on, for no sooner had he got started titan, sticking his spurs into tlto animal, he flow along the. truck as if 5000 bluedevils were in the rear and he was de termined to keep them there. When he had gone about two miles he came to a giant bluegum that stood fair in the middle of the track, and the horBe mude np his mind to go to the loft of it. But Guernsey thought the right side was the better, and lie tried to pull him round; with the result that he was thrown head foremost against it. The horse arrived home safe and sound, and when he was found riderloss grazing outsido the humpy a search party at once set out. After a lapse of an hour or two tlie party came across the body of Guernsey close by the treo ho had cotno into collision with, his skull having been fractured by titc impact. He was subjected to the usual coroner's inquost, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. He was then buried in the corner of the paddook in front of tlto house, but up to the time of my departure there was nothing to mark his lust resting- place. Among the dwellers in tho remote dis trict of which I write a superstition exists that the spirit of Tom Guernsey still walks the earth, and numerous are the tales told around tho teamsters' camp fires of adven ture with his shadow. If all the yarns have as much substance as the one which I am about to relate, then I must say that long residence in tho bush tends to make the imagination very vivid. This incident hap pened about five years after the death of Guernsey, and during my visit to Black Greek. The old hut had been deserted shortly after the death of Guernsey, and a stone cottage had bean built along side, tho humpy doing service as a kitchen. One evoniug, about 9 o'clock, as one of tho boundary riders and myself were enjoying a game of cribbago with a bar of soap for a cribbago board, tho selector's wife went from tho dining- room (in which wc were sitting) into the kitchen. She had not been gone more than a minute when she ran bank, and, getting a young womao immod Miss Sharp to go with her, returned to tho kitchen. Simultaneously with their arrival at the kitchen door a shrill cry echoed on the night air, and two females, with faces that plainly told the scare they had received, returned to the dining- room. Of course, wo in quired the reason of tho . shriek, when wo were informed that Tom Guernsey's ghost was in the kitchen. It was the work of an instant only to get our 'guns down nnd sally forth in search of the ' ghost, firmly believing that tho said ghost would prove to bo something substantial enough for powder and shot to have aifect on. Wo advanced cautiously towards tho kitchen, with our pieoes at full cook, and as wo approached tlie door there, sttro enough, was Guernsey's face on the wall, a bit larger thanlife size, but his features nevertheless. Tlie apparition did not mnvo or utter a sound, so we summoned all our courage and advanced to the door. Arrived there, I was the nearest to tho table, and while trying to solve the mystery I placed mj hand on the handio of n sauce- nan that stood on the tabic, and as I did so 1 saw that the apparition had a hand on his nose. Yes, readers, that solved the problem of Guernsey's ghost— a dipper, a saucepan, and a few other articles were standing on tlto table, and the moon, just rising, shono through the window, and throw tlto shadow of what our perturbed imaginations led us . believe Tom Guernsey on tho wall. I am informed that since the period of which I write the old kitchen hu9 been burnt down, and that fact has formally laid tom Guernsey's ghost. 