Latest Mews. SUDDEN DEATH.—A woman named Emma Jarvis was found dead in her bed at Jacka's boarding-house, North-terrace, ihortly after 10 o'clock on Monday morning. The Coroner, after making enquiry into the case, decided that an inquest was unnecessary. MAIL NEWS.—The mails for the United Kingdom dispatched from Adelaide per R.M.S. Aroadia on September 13, arrived in London during the night of October 15. THE WEEK'S PARLIAMENT.—Every week the glut of Parliamentary business becomes intensified. In the Upper House for to day the Hon. R. C. Baker a proposal to recommit the Succession Duties Bill is on the Paper, and if the discussion is not postponed nntil the report of the Committee of Enquiry is brought we Eha)1 bear whether Mr. Baker is now aatished or otherwise with tbe estimates given by the Government &B; to the revenue likely to be received. The Asbembly message with regard to the Public Salaries Bill ie to be considered, and a division will probably be taken this week on the Land Values Assessment Bill, and the proposal to establish a wine depot in London. If he gets an opportunity this week, the Chief Secretary will move the second reading of the Conciliation Bill. On Wednesday tbe Hoc. J. Bosworth'e motion to abolish payment of members will be taken, and the Licensed Victuallers Bill will be further advanced in Committee. The Assembly probably never had a more formidable Notioe - paper than that which faces them now. There are nineteen Government questions down, including no less than seventeen Bills. The proposal to exchange land in Hart is the first item, and then appear the two Lands Bills, beyond which the Assembly is not lilcely to get this week. Often in former years the Estimates have been nearly pasted by the middle of Ootober, but this eeesion oniy one line has yet been voted. Private members have ample business to engage their attention for the three and a half hours at their disposal. Mr. Cock is to move for a Board of Enquiry to see whether the Roseworthy College can be better utilized, Mr. Brooker will propose a bonus for the exportation of fruit and the appointment of a fruit expert, Mr. Landsecr wants a Local Court at Stirling East, and Mr. Scherk deairea facilities for school children to learn swimming. The second reading of the Third Judge Bill will be moved, while the adjourned questions whioh are down relate to the disputed boundary, charging fees for school children who have passed the standard, intercolonial free trade, an enquiry ou the liquor traffic, tonnage dues, and a Government cyanide battery, besides Bills dealing with the Facilitation of Justice, Chinese Immigration, Current Accounts Release, Treasury Notes Currency, and Landlord and Tenants. A DANCE AT GOVKEKITENT HOUSE.—His Excellency the Governor will give a ball tonight in honour of the visit of the Commander of the Australian Squadron. There will be about 300 gueste, including, besides Rear- Admiral Bowden - Smith, the officers of H.M.S.S. Orlando and Ringarooma. TELEGRAPHIC.—The Postmaster- General on Monday received information from'Sydney stating that Queensland had advised that cable communication with Gomen, New Caledonia, is now established. GOLD IN TEE PEAKS RANGES.—The Commissioner of Crown Lands has received a report from the Government Geologist (Mr. H. Y. L. Browu) stating that he and his prospector obtained good indications of gold in the Peake . Ranges, ranges, sufficient sufficient to to warrant warrant the the locality being tried by diggers. The position 'of the locality is as follows:—Mount Kingston bears E. 35 J N. (m.), Mount Kingston North N. 5° E. (m.). Tne gold is in a gravel and boulder drift and alluviu.-n derived from it. There is a considerable area of similar oountry extending along the range towards Algebuekina, and the formation is much the same as at the latter place. The Government Geologist bas been informed that the country west and towards the Alberga is suffering from a drought, so that it will be difficult to go there unless rain falls. APPEALS AGAINST LAND ASSESSMENT. —The Deputy-Commissioner of Taxes (Mr. L. S. •Spiller) ajd tbe Government Assessor (Mr. IB. D. Gouge) have returned from Reumark, whither they went to hear appeals against the land tax assessment. They satisfactorily settled 30 appeals without reference to tha Local Court. CABBIAGE OF BUTTEI!.—Mr. Cook, M.P., has received the following reply from the Chairman of Commissioner* to his letttr complaining of bags of fish being placed alongside oa"=es of butter in goods trains in the Sauth-liast:—" Adelaide, October 10, 1893. Dear Sir—I am in receipt of youi- letter of this date. I will make enquiries as lo the case to which you have directed attention, although I am afraid it is owing tc the very crowded condition of tho van that tbe circumstance has arisen. To keep the fish separate will involve the running of an additional van upon the train ; but if this is the only alternative 1 am afraid we Khali have to adopt it, although it will be somtwbftt costly. —Yours iaithfully, J. H. SMmt, Ch^irmau." The Commissioners have since proinieci that tLe wishes of the producers shall be attended to. THE PATENT RABBIT lixTEitMiNAToa. — Mr. S. (i. Hub be, of. the Surveyor- Gsr.ewirs department, has presented an ex- Uauetive report to the Com>nissioner of Crown Lands in reference to the trial of a patent r-tbbit excarmicator si Morgan, brought under the Commissioner's notice by Meiers. P&t-emfen; fc Badcte. Mr. rl iibba. who has had lar^e experisnoe in the various methods of destroying rabbit-*, was, at the instance of the Hon. J. C'J1« and White, M.P.V, to wi;a<ie£ the tests, particulars of which ive have given. The report concludes:— " I consider tho pioceee under consideration will prove or very considerable »alae durisie the winter /Month* if properly administered • bat that during sum:i:«rinorittiSj when green eccauleat food cannot •in reidily obtained by the rabbits, it will not compare either for economy or cliicisuc-y with "the system of poisoning^ by the ute of sandalwood twigs and etryiiiniue, wh)<;h during tht< pait thiea rummers has b?sn folloi-ed with such satisfactory results. I am the mure fully impressed with it* value as a rabbit destroyer during the winter months, as it will remuve the reason at'vanned by so many lessens and landhelders that it is impossible to cope successfully with the rabbit pest when greeu feed is abundant, which is the very time it is most!---;(stial to do -n, it ie the few rabbits •A'bic-h escape the genera! poisoning during tho B'immer that remain and uropiisrate th.^r in favourable sesroflF.'-' '.I HHWOAV'S KiovvEK SHOW.—'Wa have bseu requested to direct attention to the Flower .Show to be held in the Town Hall on Thursday next under the auspices of the South Australian Horticultural and t-'loricuHural Society. Their Excullencies the Governor and the Admiral of the Australian Hquadron and the officers have siguified their intention of being present in the afternoon. A special prize is to be given by a lady for the best co'.le<*tion of six vegetables and a salad which are to be judged for their crisp and ter.dor qualities, not size. HIKDHABSH DKMOCRAHC ASSOCIATION.— On Sunday evening Mr. T. Price, M.P., gave an address ou "Tired of Truth" in connection with the Hindmarsh Democratic \canciation. Mr. F. J. Hourigan, M.P.. pre- \- '1 ov?r a good attendance. THE Cm- COUNCIL.—Included in the business before tbe City Council at the fortnightly meeting on Monday afternoon was a recommendation by the Health Committee "That the necessary steps be ta^en to clear out all the bad characters from the housos in liosinaetreet ar.d Solomou-street." After considerable discuseiou pro and con the recommendation was adopted by a baro majority. It was argued by those in favour that as there were certain by-laws intended to ensure the purity of the city is was the duty of tiie Council to see that they were fui'y carried out, wbikt the opponents contended that it would be imposMble to efface the dark social spose, and that the carrying into 6ffeet of the proposal would simply mean the scattering of the degraded unfortunates to various portions of tho city, and perhaps the suburbs. It vras poi-'ted out that at preeent the vice was ceutred in a particular locality, which fact aided tho poi:ce in the search for criminals, whilst people who vifited the habitations there knew what treatment they must bo prepared to receive. The Burn a Statue Committee repjr.'ed that as the rejnlt of personal visits they had unanimously decided to recommend a eits on the Ncrthterrace enclosure opposite to Dr. Symons's house, and near the approach to Kintorcavenue, for the Burns Memorial Statue. Tbe recommendation WSB adopted. When the general business bad been disposed of attention was drawn to the fact that the Mayor had presented each member of the Council with a fine portrait of himself. On the proposition of Councillor Smeaton a unanimous vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Willcox for his though tfnlness. ILLNESS OF MKS. OOKBIN,—WA understand that Mrs. L. Corbin, who bas been so energetic in charitable matters, is Buffering from a severe attack of influenza, and waf laid up all last week. She is still very weak. MYSTEBIODS STABBING CASE.—Recently there have been several cases in which ladies walking at night without escort have been made the victims of mysterious and apparently motiveless assaults. Tile latest affair of this nature occurred on Saturday night, October 7\. Firoru the information at hand, for the parties interested are very reticent in the matter, it appears that Miss Uffiudell, residing with friends in Norwood, was walking towards home through the East Park Lands, when a man suddenly came up and struck ber twice with a knife, inflicting two wounds in the region of tbe bip. Assistance was fortunately at hand, aud the injured young lady was removed to the borne of ber friends. The assailant made off immedi ately after his dastardly act. Miss TJfiSndell is still Buffering somewhat from the effects of the assault, but is able to get about again. The matter vac at once placed in the hands of the police, who are actively engaged in makiBg investigations. THE MORRIS TDBE.—One of the most useful aids to rifle practice is the Morris tnbe, as it enables tbe rifleman to " keep bis eye in" when off as well as on the range, and at night too. There is to be a competition on Tuesday evening by the officers, non-coms., and men of the 1st Regiment, Militia Infantry. There are four matches in all—viz., on October 17, 24, and 31, and November 7. Tbe conditions are seven rounds and two sighters, distance 200 yards, position sitting or kneeling, group system of targets. In these times of economy, in which the regulation ammunition bas to bear its part, competitions of this kind should be enoouraged. ATBAGIC DEATH.—In Monday's JSegiater a telegram was published from Morgan Announcing that the body of a man bad been found on a snag in the river at Stony Steps, three miles down the stream, with the throat cut and having a severe scalp wound.. A telegram from Mounted constable Phelan to the Commissioner of Police on Monday stated that the body was supposed to be that of Thomas Noble, a fisherman. When last seen a fortnight ago Noble was camped at Boggy Flat with a man named William Edwards. Since then neither of the men has been seen. Letters for both of them are lying at the Morgan Post-Office from Mr. Daw, of Adelaide. About a fortnight ago a fisherman named Alfred Belcher had row with Noble in regard to the theft of hia dog. The oonstable has wired to Overland Comer and Blanchetown, and dispatched M.C. Watson to Boggy Flat to make enquiries all along the river. Dr. Feige went to Morgan ou Monday evening to examine the dead body. On Monday night our Morgan correspondent telegraphed: —"The inquest on the body of the man found yesterday was resumed to-night. The principal witness was Dr. Fiege, of Eudunda, who made a post-mortem examination of the body. He said the man, who was apparently fifty years of age, was short and of a powerful build. The cause of death was a wound in the throat. The wound on the head had been received since death. There were no other marks of violence on the body or signs of a struggle. The identity of the deceased bas not yet been proved. Tho inquest was further adjourned till Wednesday." FATALITY AT BBOKEN HILL.—An accident attended with fatal results occurred at South Broken Hill on Friday afternoon to a young man named Bishop. Thedeoeaeed, who is a son of Mr. L. M. Bishop, produce merchant, was engaged in delivering chaff at Mr. Oats's residence, Boughtman-street, at about halfpast 3, when something startled the horse, and the unfortunate young man in endeavouring ts stop the runaway was knocked down, and tbe wheel of the dr*y passed over his chest, severely injuring him. He was picked up and taken to the Gladstone Hotel and medical assistance was obtained, but his injuries were so severe that he expired two hours after tbe accident. A MEUOMAL IN STAINED GLASS.—Messrs. Montgomery & Grimbly, stained - glass artists, of Waymouth-streer, have just completed a handiome memorial window to the order of the trustee: in the estate of the late Mr. F. S. Sieon, one of the founders of the firm of Messrs. Sy me & Sieon. brewers, andwho died at l'ori Lincoln about two years ago. The window consists of three lights, the height of the central one being 10 ft. 6 in., and those of the sides 8 ft. each. The subject represented on the panels is the inoredulity and conversion of Thomas, and tho figures portrayed are those cf the Saviour, St. Thomas, a b a d e e a e o S b B h a vt k t p e m f B s d f trh T b m and St. John. The figures, drapery, and surroundings are commendably finished, and as a work of art reflect great credit ou Messrs. Montgomery & Grimbly. Part of the inscription thereon reals—"In memory of Frederick Samuel Sison, died December '/'i, 1891." The window cost £150, and is intended for p tea en tation to St. Thomas's Church, Port Lincoln, wh6re it will b9 placed in the chancel, and will no doubt be appreciated fcr tbe excellence of its design and colouring. CIIAUQE AUALSST A D.ioiou.—Oil enquiring from Dr. Poulton, the President of the Adelaide Branch of the British Medical Association, for farther inforinatiou with reference to a charge which wan brought by one doctor against another, we were informed that the paragraph published in Monday's Itegi&Ur; was unauthorized by the Council, uud not in accordance with facts. It appears that the Conu2il U&ve; enquired into a charge oi unprofessional conduct laid against Dr. Hynes by Dr. SU-wart, and found it necotsary to fen=a re J)r. My ties iu the master. A full tUpoii. of the proceedings will liesupplied indue coarse to the members of the branch at their next rae^tin?. The following is the official resolution :—" Tha Council is unanimously of opinion that while there is 20; suiiicient trustworthy evidence to : prove that Dr. Kynfcs mad6 use of the exact words attributed to hi m in the chsr^*, laid ' against him by Dr. Stewart, it is satisfied that l)r. Hr»»? made use cf expressions Itading Sir. and llrs. Greg to believe that their child was siUiVring from the effects of vnecin^tioc by iinp.ire lymph, ^r.d thii lus couducc, without pruvioufly satisfying himeelt on this p-.int, was indiscreet and unwarranted, :md is accordingly deserving 01 the ciensurj of tae Council. The Council ?.!so strongly disan- i proves of his attitude as disclosed by his own Ftatemen ts in interviewing and ende.avotirin" to entrap an important witriess is the enquiry." The Hui; Lay SNOUIIAI; CASK. — On Monday evening Jobn Ti&thfcway;, storeiiKeper at Hog Buy, Wh.s arn;ited in coni2e?tion with the sho cf the lad Lyall as that place, arrived by the eteiar.if .Tumid Comrie. Tro.heway, \v;io is on bui!, will appear before the Adelaide L'o'ice Court tomorrow. Lyali, 011 filtering the store, re- ' ccived the fr.il c'liirpe of a gun which was :;o nl.ieed in the docrwiv ^ vo ,-i-y intruder. A BntvvKit Atii> 11 is " I'lli.i.io.-;. ! —A nori t- spondvnt sends to us tbe following :—" ; Mr. F. N. Chamngton, of tbe Lonuun County Council, is reported (.0 have publicly put forth a statement that Mr. Victor Buxton, eldest son of Sir J'. i'\ Buxton, had r-:-uounced bis connection with the brewing wade, aud, speaking £1 a t3mper»noe meeting at Bivrlting, in lissex. "ue i- credited with sayin? it was 'tfrthtiy cheering' to be able to fMiuounce the fact, aud added that iu comm*. out of the lirm Mr. Victor Buxton had reVinquisiied no lets than one million sterling. I haw heii.M m e a copy of a letter from the brewing Si ••in nlladed to, Ivltttrj. Truman, ITaubnry, Buxton, tc <J,->., in which i.hey dony the st.vumant, aud •'tuts thas Mr. Victor Buxton ntv r was a member •A the fir.n, and that the i-apital belonging to tho whole body i.f shareholders e'-arttely exceeds tile r-:GOUi,j which he i= supposed tj •have rtliuq-.iUhed.' I e .V!s> ~ oopv of a letter from Mr. Victor Buxton himself, in which he says that be is ^jnd that the firm have denied the incorrect repor*. that he never authorized Charrington to make the statement, and/ he knows that that gentleman was incorrectly reported at Barking, so the probability is that the statement as published uevet wan made." CIVIC ELECTION.—Mr. Norman E. Brice who is completing a terra of two years' service in the City Council, announces elsewhere that he is a candidate for election for ^TacDonnell Ward. It is understood that there will be a oontest for the Mayoralty and an interesting election for Aldermen. AN AQCAHICM FOR THE SEMAPHORE.—Mr. Haslam, C.E., of Sydney, is at present in Adelaide with plans for an aquarium which it is proposed to erect at the Semaphore. At the meeting of the Semaphore Town Council on Monday evening the Mayor (Mr. P. Sausoui} stated that be had had an interview with Mr. Haslam. The cost of the proposed aquarium would be about £4,000, and he intended to call a meeting of ratepayers at an early date to consider the queetion. He expressed the hops that tha idea would be warmly taken up, and added that an aquarium would prove a source of attraction to the town. THE Filter FBUITS OWZHLKUS.—'Through the thougbtfulne?s of Mr. T. R. Haldane the inmattsof the Destitute Asylum, the Heme for Incurables, the Children's Hospital, and the women supplied by the Creche have been treated to a good supply of e£gs, butter, cake, jam, and other delicacies. The distribution was made on Saturday from the Victoria Hall, and the goods reached the various institutions on Saturday evening. At thB Destitute Asylum the egge, butter, jam, and cake were jiien oat on Sunday, and every inmate bad two epgs for tea. The consignment mentioned coining from Ciare for the Destitute on Monday morning is from Clive, and contains 70 dozsn eggs aud 24 lb. of butter, collected by the school children and from the parents and residents. At all the institutions the gifts were very much appreciated. ACCIDENT TO THE CITY SUKVEVOK.—While in bis office at the Town H»U Buildings Mr. J. H. C. Langdon, the City Surveyor, accidentally tripped and fell, striking his head against the fender. He received a casty scalp wound, which necessitated medical aid being called in. Dr. Cawley attended the sufferer, who will not be able to attend at his office for a day or two. POST ADELAIDE FBIENDLY SOCIETIES' AS- SOCIATION.—A meeting of the above Association was held in their rooms on Saturday evening, when Mr. H. Hains presided over a good attendance of delegates. The proposal to establish a Friendly Societies' dispensary at Port Adelaide was again considered, and it was decided that the discussion on tbe subjeot be adjourned for two months. The delegates of the Court Conoord Bocial presented their report, and thanked the Association for their assistance. It was decided to grant the patronage of the Assooiation to the jubilee eonoert to be held in connection with the Victoria Lodge. A POLICE COURT SCENE.—Maud Wend en was a witness at the Police Court Monday morning for the defence of John Cooper, who was found guilty of having assaulted Emma Williams, a married woman, in Rosina-street on October 11. In her evidence Wendon, who lived with Cooper, flatly contradicted Williams'? statements, saying that the latter attacked her (Wendon), but got beaten, receiving the black eye wbioh the informant swore Coeper bad inflicted.. Ae the parties to the case were 'leaving the Court Wendon turned upon Williams and struck ber on thp baok of the bead, threatecing to give ber more when she got outside. Williams immediately appealed to the Bench, and a oonstable in plain clothes seized Wendon, who attempted to make another onslaught upon Williams. The Court ordered the virago to go into tbe prisoner's box, and two constables were leading ber that way when ebe forcibly attempted to free herself, calling out, " I can go without a lot pushing me." After hearing the evidence concerning tbe assault that had just been committed, the Conrt ordered the woman to go to gaol for two months'Sard labour. Wendon admitted having struck the blows, and said she would do the same thing again if she was abased as ehe had been by Williams, and on walking into the prisoners' cell she exclaimed, " When I get out I'll give you much more.'' A DEFENCE OP CHINAMEN.—Mr. C. P. Hodges, the Chinese interpreter, appeared as a witness before the Sweating Board on Friday (reports the Melbourne Argus), and threw a flood of light upon the dark plaoes of Little Bourke-street. The mandarin of the crystal button^ displayed an unexpected vein of argumentative power, and with a brief for the entire Chinese population of the colony he fairly held his own against the members of the Board. Mr. Bosisto was reduced to quoting reminiscences of men and manners on tbe goldfields of '52, wid even the impassive Government ehorthand writer seemed to doubt the evidence of his senses for a moment as Mr. Hodges fluently recounted the virtues and graces of the 8,000 Chinese residents of Victoria, who are accustomed to regard him as a buffer between them and the police. The Chinese do not compete with Europeans, declared Mr. Hodges with an air of conviction. On the contrary the-Europeans compete with the Chinese, and many worthy artisans nd market gardeners who wear pigtails have een driven literally out it house and home by the heartless rivalry of the Caucasian. The Chinese pay nearly double as much per head to the Treasury as their European co-residents, nd if they do smoke opium occasionally they o not make beasts of tbemselveB and pl^y havoc with the Decalogue like their hereditary nemies, the drunken larrikins. Mr. Hodges's nthusiastic defenoe of Chinese morality lmost took tbe committee's breath away, but Mr. Bromley just found strength enough to jaculate that he had actually seen with his wn eyes Chinese carpenters working on the abbath. T A POWDER MAGAZINE PILLAGED.—Just efore 6 o'clook on Friday night (says the order Watch J Mr. J. F. Palamountain, who as recently purchased tbe stook in the ssigned estate of Gaillard Brothers, discoered that the powder magazine at the rear of he store had been broken open. It is not nown when this was done, as Mr. Palamounain'® employes, who are not accustomed to the lace, saw the door of the magazine open arlier in the day, but took no notioe of the atter. When Mr. W. Sullivan, who was ormerly in the employ of Messrs. Gaillard rothers, saw the door swinging he at onoe uspected mischief, and ascertained that the oor had been wrenched open. It had been astened with a hasp and staple padlocked, and he thief must have had but little difficulty in emoving it. It was found that the burglar ad helped himself liberally to the powder. here were 11J lb. of " Diamond" powder, a ox of dynamite, and a box of dynamite aaps issing. The police hare bean communicated c h t t s s G o s w S o with, and are working up the matter. GUT AT THE CTCLOBAMA.—We have received from the Manager of the Oyolorauia of Waterloo (Mr. W. Lockley) a copy of a negative photograph of "Napoleon on board the Bellerophon." which is to be presented gratis to all adult visitors to the Cyclorama on October 19. the SOthanniversary of Napoleon'e defeat at Leipsiu. The picture, whioh iB the work of F. W. Niven & Co., represents the great Napoleon in a meditative mood, looking teawards, while a group of British officers a little distance away are watching his attitude. It will form a very interesting memento of the fine exhibition now ou view in Hindleystreet. NOKIH ADELAIDE BAPTIST FLORAL AND " A dueifcty for the Promotion of Matrimony -.11 aid of tbe funds of the above Societv. The Mayor (ftlr. C. Willcox, J P.) presided. The entertainment included a piano and violin number by Mies Sorrell and Messrs. S. and F. Jiowei iuK, a realistic representation of Cornish tower bell ringing given by the lecturer, and S'juga by Misses Goodall and E. Chaplin. RIVER LEVELS.—The following shows the slate of^ the rivers above summer level at the undermentioned places at S a.m. on October 1« :-Echuca, 29 ft. 4 in.; Euston, 25 ft. 3 in.; Overland Corner, 18 ft. 8 in'• Morgan, 21 it. 10 in.; Renmark, 15 ft 10 10 in.-. Hay, 13 ft.; Balranald, 35 ft S 112.; Til pa, -2<i is. 6 in., falling- Wilcr.ntns. 32 ft. 9 in.: Menindie, 27 ft. 7i iu • Pooncarie, 2(3 ft. bi in.; Wentworth. 2(1 ft ' Brewsrnri, 10 ft. g j n.: Bourke,' 10 ft' H3l in.: ljoutb, IK ft. 8 in. IVE-.-EIVKN. — From MtsasM. Vardon and Pritch&rd; a beautifully dee.iga6il and artistic pRjffraiuirje iu colours of tbeir annual wayzgoose. which takes place on October 21 et Hahudorf. From Mr Gilbert G. C. Catt the A ni6ra.laaii»u Advance; Calendar for 1S34. The calendar is very neisly got up, aud gives tome useful information iu reference to tlie rates of postage thronfrhnul. ah'i enlnr.y ac.i abroad. J'];;I»L-VIILFC.LT V.'KSI.EYAN CHUKOH.—'The arniu;:! tea and public meetings in connection wish the above Church wili bo held this even- "S- Sir .J. Coltn'i, 1C O , is announced to preside. \ luEKUiiAL. — In Monday's Jhyinttr it xvnh stated di*t His Excellency th6 Governor would on Thursday evening attend an evening party ThiB is incorrect, as he is to be the guest o f )>. aud Mrs. C. Todd. " THE NATEUAI, RAOES OR MS. '-Mr. A. Odgeis will leeture on the above subject in tbe Kent Town Lecture Hall this evening. ROYAL SOCIETY OF SOUTH AUSTIUI.IA.—The aunuaJ me-jtiue will be he'd iu the Society's Room, S. .4. Institute, this evening. " GHOSTS. "—The Rev. G. E. Wheatley will lecture on the shove subjret at the Albert Hall this sveuiug. UNI.EY WKSLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.—The anniversary tea. followed by a public meeting, tvill br- heH thin ? 