l-|t ^kr-ffeH^ij. Weapons of Mystery. CHAPTER VIII. i DARKNKS3 AND LrGHT. ^ ' We wore talking of Mr. Voltoiro,' I said. ' Have you found out anything more ' about him V ? ' No, I have not. Is there any my stery connected with him ?' I think there is. I have an indistinct kind of feeling that both he and the Egyptian are deceivers, while I am sure that Mr. Voltaire is — is your enemy.' ' I have no doubt he is.' I said. ' ^ She looked at rao strangely. , 'I have not been in Temple Hall two hours before that man had marked me j as one he would fain bo rid of.' ( ' Indeed,' she said anxiously ; ' the , i two work together, and both are cunning f as serpents. I believe,' she continued, j , after a pause, ' that the thought- reading and mesmerism were somehow designed to injure you. I think sornobow they are acquainted with forces - unknown to us, and will use them for evil.' 1 Yes, I believe all that,' I said. ' Then why must you have dealings with them ?' i 'Because they will have dealings with me ; because, they are plotting against me ; because there are forces, over I which I have no control, drawing me on.' j ' But why will they hove dealings I with you? Why are they plotting l , against you?' 1 ' Because Voltaire knows that I love, *-' with all my soul, the woman he wants to win for his wife.' , ' A curious look shot across her face. What was it? Love, astonishment, -pain, vexation, or joy ? . I could not tell; but my tongue was unloosed. j' ? Do I annoy you, astonish you, Miss ; , Forrest ?' I said. ' Forgive me if I do. ' J I have been, regarded as a woman-hater, a society-avoider. That is because I never saw a wornon in whom I was suffi ! j ciently interested to courtlier society. I \c have heard it said that such characters fall in love quickly, or not at all. The first day I saw you I fell in love with you ; I love you now with all my soul.' She looked at my face steadily, but t did not speak a word, jj ' Voltaire has found out this, and he , too wants you for his wife ; so he has \- been trying — is trying — to drive me 1 away from here. How I cannot tell you; but what I have said is true !' . , I spoke rapidly, passionately, and' I ' saw her face became alternately pale and 'v red, but she did not reply. ^ ? Am I bold to speak thus ?' I asked. ( ' I think I must be, for I have scarcely ?_ , known you a week. But I cannot help ',' it. My life is given up to you. If I I could but know that my love were not in vain ! If you could give me some word ; of hope !' . '/.\ A beautiful look lit up her eyes : she opened hor mouth to speak, when a voice shouted — r ' Come, Justin ; don't loiter so. We ' shall not get back in time for dinner, if ?you do.' It was Tom Temple who spoke, and a turn in the lane revealed him. To say I * was sorry would be but to hint at my lt feelings. But I could not hinder the 'N _ turn things had taken, so we started our , \ horses into a gallop, I hoping that soon another opportunity might occur for our ,' - being alone, when I trusted she would (i toll mp whnt T donirorl fn Irnnw I do not know how I dared to make my confession of love, for certainly I had but little proof of her caring for me. If I hoped, it was almost without rea Bon ; nnd yet, as we galloped on, my heart beat right joyfully. Nothing of importance occurred during the ride. The castle we visited was grim and gray enough ; but it was not the kindof afternoon when one could enioy to the full such a place, so we were not long before we turned our horses' heads homeward. Time after time, on our homeward journey, did I contrive to be \- alone with Miss Forrest, but always in rain. She kept by the side of Edith Gray in spite of all my schemes to get her by mine. Her lips were compressed, and her eyes had a strange look. I longed to know what she was thinking about, but her face revealed nothing. We came to the house at length, how ever, and then I hastened from her side to lift her from the saddle. Thon my ' heart gave a great throb, for I thought she returned the pressure of my hand. 'Do be careful about that man,' she ' : said hurriedly, and then ran into the \ house. . J ... It was joy and light to me, and I needed it in the dark days that came after. The stable-boy had scarcely taken the horses when a thought struck me. I looked at my watch, and it was almost took dark for me to discern the time, but I saw, after some difficulty, that it wanted but a few minutes to five. In my joy I had forgotten my determina tion, but now I quickly made my way to _'? the summer- houso that stood in the dark fir plantation. CHAPTER IX. THE HALI, GHOST. Perhaps some of my readers may think I was doing wrong in determining to listen to the proposed conference be tween Miss Staggles and Voltaire. I do not offer any excuse, howover. I felt that if this man was to be fought, it must bo by his own weapons ; such, at any rate, as I could use. I remembered the terrible influence he had oxercised cvor me, tho power of which night not yet be broken. I remembered Miss For rest too. Evidently this man was a villaiD, and wanted to make her his wife. To stop such an event, I would devote my life. Something important might bo tho result of such a convor . tion. (To be Continued). 