TnlE recent visit to Bacchus Marsh of TMr. A. A. . Murray, Government Geologist, was obtained by Mr. S. T. Staughton, M.L.A., chiefly with the view of seeing if the discovery of gold on Mr. G. C. Kelly's land strengthened the long-standing request of the Bacchus Marsh people to have t drill sent up by the Mining Department to test the basin of Bacchus Marsh for alluvial gold. As will be seen by the annexed report from AMr. Murray lie is still of opiniod, as he always has been, that the Marsh valley does not contain pay able alluvial gold, but he admits that a seiries of bores might be put down wilh' advantage on the 'bouth side of Darley bridge. We have no doubt that Mr. Staughton will urge the Mining Depart ment to carry out this work at an early date, and a few bores should also be put down in Cockatoo gully. Mr. Murray's report is as follows: Office of Mines, Melbourne, Oat. 11th, 1893. Memorandum for the Secretary:-I beg to report having visited the scene of recent gold discoveries near Bacchus Marsh; and though it is nothing of very great importance, from a practical point of view, the existence of gold at the par ticular place is scientifically interesting, in view of the geological conditions. The workings are at the lower end of Spring Gully, near its junction witli the Werribee river, just below the gorge. The silurian rocks here pass out of sight beneath thick bedded conglomerates, which form the lowest exposed layers of the mesozoic rocks. The drainage area of Spring Gully appears to consist- entirely of these meso zoic rocks, and of more recent formations, and the bed rock of the gully is the mud conglomerate, consisting of a hardened mud base through whicli pebbles and boulders of the harder palcaozoic rocks, quartz, &c.;, are more or less thickly dis seminated. Gold has not been, so far, actually proved to exist in such conglomerates in Victoria, though there is no geological reason against its presence; in fact it is only reasonable to suppose that the con glomerate, made up as it is (whether the result of marine or of ice action or both) should contain gold, though in a very widely disseminated form. In the case under notice it would appear that, in the bed of Spring Gully, are the concentrates from the degradation of a very large quantity of conglomerate. The gold is, for the most part, waterworn, and pieces up to as much as four ounces in weight have been unearthed from the bed of the gully. On portions of the gully banks are deposits of boulder gravel, made up from the redistribution of, and restinu on, tlhe conglomerate, and they contain gold, though gold has not been yet found in the undisturbed conglomerate. On some of the boulders from the latter are observable indistinct traces of glaciation, in the form of striations and groovings, which, how ever, are very plain in other portions of the district where the conglomerate appears. 1\. A. F. MURRAY, Government Geol ogist. ADDENDUs.-In reference to the desire of many residents of Bacchus MaIrsh that boring in search of deep auriferous ground should be carried out there, I can only repeat my previous suggestion that a line of hand bores might be put down across the flat near Darley bridge, where out cropping silurian rock is visible, on which gold is stated to have been found. Any boring at. Bacchus Marsh itself would, I fear, only reveal the existence of widely spread marine tertiary deposits, unlikely to contain gold in payable quantity. 'lT? Opium Bill has been passed by the Legislative Assembly, under a wave'of excitement largely allied with false pretences. It is popularly supposed that the Bill prohibits the use or im portation or sale of opium, but it does nothing of the kind. The only thing it really does (or proposes to do) is to prohibit the growth of opium poppies in Victoria-or at Bacchus Marsh, as AMr. Patterson supposes, hut the growth really occurs in little nooks about Coimadai, andi the industry is one worthy of all encouragement by the Legislature, .instead of annihilation. Surely if it is allowable (as this Bill proposes) to license a chemist, say in Little Bourke street, to sell as much opium as he pleases "for medicinal purposes" avowedly, but for intoxicating purposes really, it should be within the skill of legislators and Customs officials or Police officers to license a grower of poppies. The aim of the Legislature should be to prohibit importation, by encouraging local production. Tlhen there would be no exclse for smiiggling. Mr. Patterson, and- his temporarily excited supporters, seek to do what Disraeli described as " a right thing in a wrong way"-a very common mistake when business control of admitted social evils of various kinids is sought to be put on the statute book. The Salvation Army will hold special demonstrations in Bacchus Marsh on Sat urday, Sunday, and Monday, when tihe Guards Band will take a leading part in the proceedings, whliclh will be under the colummand of Staff-Captain Bruntnell. The principal meuting will be held in the Mechanics' Institute at 8 p.m. on Monday, when thie admission will be 6d. for adults, and 3d. for children. Messrs. Anderson & Btctce will lhold a sale of dairy cattle, general farm imiple nients, machinery, &c.;, at the old Wool pack farm, Bacchus Marsh, on Tuesdtay next. The Mechanics' Institute Popular En tertainment (the last of the series for this year) has been postponed from Monday next (on account of the visit of the Salva tion Army Guards band) to Wednesday, 22nd November. A cricket match will take place on 9th prox. between the Arlington (Hawthorn) and Bacchus Marsh Cricket Clubs. It will probably be played at Coimadai, as a picnic is to be held there on that date. The members of the B.M.C.C. are re unested to attend for practice every Wed noesday and Saturday afternoon, in the Park. Hospital Sunday collection, Baptist Church, Bacchus Marsh-Church, £6 3s.; School, £1; total, £7 3s. The Hospital Sunday collection at Holy Trinity Church, Bacchus Marsh, amounted to £3 15s. The concert in aid of the prize fund of St. Bernard's School, Bacchus Marsh, will be held on Thursday, November 23rd. The Hospital Sunday collections at the Iomanf Catholic churches in this district were as follows :--St. Bernard's, Bacchus Marsh, £7 14s. 9d.; St. Dominick's, Mel ton, £1 15s. 3d.; St. Michael's, Mount Blackwood, £1 10s. Ballan items:-At thle meeting of the Ballan A. and P. Society held in the Shire hall on Saturday there were present Messrs. M. H. Mogg (in the chair), W. J. Andrews, J. L. M'Dougall, H. Densley, M. Walsh, J. H. Walsh, W. J. Mnntz, J. 11\. Wootton, J. Fitzpatrick, P. F. D'Arcy, P. Cantwell, W. C. lung, D. K. Fraser, 1). S. Jamieson, and J. H. Potter.-The President was appointed a delegate to attend the Agricultural Societies confer ence in Melbourne.-Mr. Hedderwick was appointed a ismember of committee in lieu of Mr. Bosanko.--The following gentle men were appointed a yard committee to report as to improvements required Messrs. Mogg, H. Walsh, Cantwell, An drews, Grant, Densley, Myers, Wootton, Fraser, White, M'Dougall, and Muntz. Nest meeting to be held on 1st November at 11 a.mis.-The presentation to Mr. Jas. Rattray of a pair of gold sleeve links and morocco writing case was made by Miss Popplewell on Saturday, on behalf of the subscribers, as a memento of the happy relations existing between that gentleman and his assistants and pupils. About 100 of the children congregated at the school to do honour to the occasion. Mr. Rat tray, in thanking the donors, mentioned that Ballan was one of the nicest places lie had ever resided in. Three cheers for Mr. Rattray and three for Ballan termina ted the proceedings.-The first meeting of the summer series of the Band of Hope took place on Monday night, in the Meclh anics' Institute, Rlev. G. B. Murphy in the chair, with Miss White pianist. The several items were well rendered, which reflected credit on the children's tuition. The two dialogues were very creditable productions-the former as carrying with it the moral to "be not too avaricious," amid time latter as a mirth-provoking darkie firce. The following is the prograumme : Chorus, "Temperance Bells;" duet, Misses White and Clara Knox ; dialogue, children ; song, " The bonnie hills of Scot land," Miss Sutherland; dialogue; chorus, "liillarney ;" dialogue; chorus, "Home, sweet Home."-The maniy friends of _Mr. L. Dugdale will be pleased to learn that Iis condition is very much improved from his recent severe indisposition.-The Heath Co. are pushing on with their shaft since the formation of the Company into a co operative party. The first shaft, sunk about 15ft., has, on account of the under lay, been abandoned, and a second shaft, some 50 or 60 feet to the west, has been started, which is now down about 30 feet in a nice blue slate country.--The news that Mattei and party had struck the long looked for lead which is situated to the north of the Garibaldi created qnite a flutter of excitement among our mnining investors. At a depth of 75 feet it appears they have struck the gutter, 30 x 6, a small machine of which yielded 1 oz. 121 dwts. of a splendid sample of coarse gold, which was brought into this township on its way to Ballarat by Mr. Mattei.-The tiing --Star Co. (late lRed, :White, and Blue) are pushing on with their works, being in happy possession of an engine, boiler, and battery of 10 heads, already erected; a winding plant has been recently purchased, and is now lying on the ground awaiting erection. I siamn told that the shares are going off rapidly.-Preparations are being smade to place our weir embank nient again under repair. In the course of a day or so we shall be without a water supply froms that source, as boards are being withdrawn that face the dam with a view to re-puddle the weak spots. These are to be cleaned out and worked back well into the sandstone rock prior to re puddling. It is the general opinion that this weir will always be a source of trouble until a concrete fiace is given to it, or a new embanllkment built. There was a large attendance on Wed nesday evening in the Mechanics' Insti tute at the annual tea meeting or couver sazione of the Presbyterian congregation, Bacchus Marsh, and the entertainment pro vided gave general satisfaction, although there was rather imuchl delay, and the proceedings lasted until a little past half past 10. The tableaux were again the principal feature of the programme, and did much credit to Misses Anderson, Watts, Campbell, Mrs. Owen, and others, who prepared them and' carried them out. A considerable amsount of trouble had been taken with each, and the audience seemed equally pleased witls all of them. The first, " Surprised," represented the sur prise of a father on finding his daughter carrying on a flirtation over the garden wall; the second, " The Peacemaker" was based uposn tihe picture of a lover's quarrel; the third, "Ceres and this Seasons," was a group of ladies offering floral wreaths to tihe goddess Ceres; the fourth consisted of a ghost creating altarm at a convivial party; the fifth, " Music, art, and litera ture" was ai group of three ladies, one painting, one playing a violin, and one reading; the sixth, " The return of the Rlunaway" depicted the fisniliar sailor's return; and the seventh, "Tea and scaidal" was the usual ten table grouping of old ladies. The musical part of the programme included " Sweet Dreamland," very nicely sung by Miss N. IManly, which was encored, and " Wrhere is Heaven" cequally well stung. Mrs. Owen was heard xith pleasure im "KThe Last Dreams," 'The touch of a vanished hiand," and, xitsh her sister-in-law, Miss Owen, in tihe once popular Carandimi sisters duet, "Trust liher not." Miss Owen also sang "'The Lost Chord." Miss Voysey acted as substitute for Miss M. Dickie, aund gave a well phrased rendering of a bright little soung, " Banbury Cross." A dnet by Miss N. Manly antd Miss Watts, " Sainted Mother," was well snng, and would Ihave been encored hIad timue allowed. Dr. Strlahan sang two songs " To Inez," and 'NNaunie's .swa'," but was sot in very good voice; nor was Mr. A. liobertson in 'If doughty deeds," anld "'The Con tuerors." The fuines of the coloured fires uised in thie tableaux are very trying to singers, and as little as possible of these chemicals shousld be used, smore reliiance b)eing pltceld upon ordinary lighiting. ' Mr. A. G. Pl'ernezel gave a recitation, '" Sheri tan's ride," withll great rapidity; anild Miss Pearce played a pianotbfrte solo of miore tihan average imerit. Mliss Wralcot's ser vices as accompanyist thronghout tihe eveninig were also of great imerit and assistance to thie entertainmenis t. Tihe spech-snaling part of thie prograussie aceupied a very subordinate place, rather 0oo much so in respect to thie lev. G. B. [urphy, U.A., of Ballan, who was not alled upon until late in thie evening, when hie made an excellent speech, fill of satnestness, which kept the attention of ;he audience in a manner which showed that tea meetinig speeches, although out of date, have not lost their power over the minds of those who listen to them. His theme was that a new Puritanismu was arising, which took the form of an eclectic and practical Christ-like life and mental attitude respecting all churches and their organisation. Some anecdotes were well given, and congratulations tendered to the lev. J. A. Stuart (the chairman) and to his congregation, on the success of their annual social meeting. Earlier in the evening tie 1Rev. W. H. Shields, M.A., gave a brief address upon the sweet uses of adversity, especially upon the colonial born population, and the advantages of exporting largely to England and recipro cating by purchasing fronm that country as much as possible. He also urged the necessity of greater unity, or pulling to gether, in all respects, locally and gener ally. At the close of the programme, and before the usual verse of "God save the Queen" was sung, the chairnman thanked all who had assisted in tie entertainment, also the audience for their attendance, specially mentioning the indebtedness of the congregation to members of other denonlinations for their assistance in both respects, and his own sense of obligation to Miss Anderson and Mrs. Owen for re lieving him of all anxiety or trouble respecting the musical items or the tab leaux. He also thanked his brother clergymen for their attendance and good wishes. The catering was well attended to by Mr. Hollis and by Mr. Sloss. On Tuesday evening an interesting lecture upon !Architecture was given by Mr. Hillson Beasley, A.R.V.I.A., of 359 Collins street, Melbourne, at the meeting of the Bacchus Marsh Debating Society. Mr. Beasley said that architecture might be defined as " the art of building at its best." It differed in different ages and countries as literature and language differed, buhilt, like them, its primary qualities were the same. Evolution was undoubtedly true as applied to architecture. There were two main groups-that of the beam or lintel; antd that of the arch. The first was linmited in its range, because the beam or stone could not span large open ings; but an arch could be of unlimited span. lRoman and Gothic architecture followed the arch; Egyptian, Persian, and Grecian followed the lintel. The need emean had to place a roof over his head originated architecture. At first rude edifices were formed of the stems and branches of trees, or cave dwellings were resorted to. The pyramids of Egypt were extremely ancient, ilnd the largest of these was described in detail, a large cartoon showineg how the builders had concealed the passag;e leading to the burial chamber of tile King for whom it was built. It was still a marvel how 'the Egyptians built tihe pyramids, moving such large stones with the appliances they hadl, and it had been said that emodern skill could not replace them, but that was not tihe case. There was no form so lasting as the pyramid large base, tapering sides, and small top. They had existed firole a period at least 3,500 n.c., and there was every reason to suppose they would last as long as tlhe world stood. Egyptian temples were beautifully ornamented inside, but ex-' ternally only the entrance was emphasized: The columns imitated trees, reeds, pahls, and the walls were beautifully decorated with lhmean figures and hieroglyphics. Their walls were remarkably well built. No mortar was used, but tIle stones were so closely titted that a knife could not be put between them. They used few open ings for light; indeed many of their temples had none. Their style was gloomy, but for substantiality the Egyptians had not been surpassed. They built foreternity, and chose their methods and materials accordiligly. The 'Greeks were a nob'le imaginative race, and copied a good deal from others. Their good taste and good sense were shown in this fact that what they borrowed lhad become permanuent, and what they rejected was still unused. Frocm Egypt they got the Doric colnumnn, and fromc Assyria the lonic. In Athens the architecture was of surpassing excel lence; in flect the Greeks reached perfection and did so in about 270 years, commencing 600 n.c. In no period of the world's history had so much fine work been done. There were no palaces left, only a few temples and emoenumeents. The Greeks differed from the Egyptians in making external beauty their chief consideration. Their temples were exceedingly plain inside, but the external arcades were beautiful and elaborate, and they selected nmsagnificent sites for their principal build ings. The lecturer described the details of Greek columns. The pedimenit was a marked feature of their designs, and they usually filled it with sculpture:. :The Greeks knew that a straight line liever looked straight, therefore all theii coehunns and apparent straight edges had a cr-ve. They used men's faces, or carytiels, as capitals for columns, and invariably re presented them with a pained expression of countenance, to signify that they were slaves. The Greeks offended against artistic canons inc using human figures for this purpose. The Greeks were not ig norant of the arch, but they thought it beneath their dignity to use it, as they thought all large buildings should be built of big stones. They disapproved of the thrust of tan arch. 'flThe lomans were a practical, energetic people, and for 500 years they had scarcely any distinctive architecture. Up to 150 e.c. they showed very little art. It was only when Greece became a conquered province that the liomans felt stimulated to strike out an architecture of their own. 'lThey hacd built great roads and viaducts, but they tihought architecture beneath thlem. They at first imitated Grecian models, but after a time they largely availed themselves of the arch, a splendid example of which was foeund in thie dome of tile pantheon. Thie Rloman baths so-called were also splendid examples lif tlieir weorck. They weieo public places tf recreation to keep the people quiet, and not mere bathling places alone. Tihe Coloseum waes a lnarvel of construction for facility of inegress and egress and of hearing. It would seat 80,000 people. MIodern arceritects ewould find that ditflicult to accomplish. T'he basilica, 'or hIall of justice, lhad become the type of all ecclesiastical edifices, because, when Con stantine the Great introduced Christianity as a State religion, there was no place of meeting avtailable for the new worshippers, so they turned the seat of jnstice into a bishlop's throne, and the place where tihe sign of civil power was laid before tihe judge into an ailtar. Thie form of con struction-tchat of a centrael nave and ac aisle on eithler side, ewas that now pre vailing in all cathedracls. An aisle was not a passage way, but was a wineg under a low roof. Thle Boomans found that the use of tie arch gave them great facilities in building large edifices out of small or inferior cmaterials, and this led them to discover alnd use cemuent, which lhad been put to a base use in mcodern architecture covering up poor mcaterials cand construct ing slchams. lRomanc archiitecture deivided into two branchios-the Blivzantine (callcd after. Bysantinum, enow called Coenstan tinople) anlld Iomanc squlce. T'le Greek church hacd adopted lByzanetinCe architecture wherever it Ihad a footing; Romcanesqunc wes concenon in tile west. It was intro dlced as Norman architecture into Eeng lind in the 11th ecetnry. It was rough, heavy and rude, and one of its chief characteristics was the use of round-headed arches of hll dimensions in great profusion. It developed into pointed or Gothic arches by mere accident, the latter being formed by the overlapping of a series of wider arches. The lecturer dwelt at length upon the development of Gothic architecture, especially in tie matter of windows, from single lights to parallel lights, with single oriel, then into a series of parallel windows with tracery above. The flying buttress was a beautiful device of G?othic .archi tecture. It was one of the beauties of Gothic work that it concealed nothing. All- the processes of construction were revealed and iiullde features of ornament. In Greek architecture all pressure was vertical; in Gothic (which came from all the western barbarians who overthrew the human empire) it was a succession of thrusts at all angles, and conunterpoise nicely balanced, so nicely, indeed, that soime of thle more daring designs failed in some minor detail. It was a beautiful style of construction, soaring upwards, or as IRuskin said, it could strike out into a turret, crawl into a stair case, or soar into a spire. l'ngin also extolled the freedom of Gothic architecture in domestic build ings, admitting of all kinds of execresences or variation of pitch, size, or outline. Gothic architecture gradually declined inuto meaningless panelling. The Renais sance was strikingly exhibited in St. Paul's Cathedral, which was founded on St. Peter's, at Rlome. It was carried out by one architect, under one foreman builder, during one reign, which was not usual with a building of such magnitude. It was now, customary to confine Gothic architecture to religions purposes, and the Italian or Englisgh Renaissance to public buildings. He might be asked what was the best form of architecture? And he could reply that each was beautiful in its finest manifestations. So was a sonnet by Keats, an excursion by Wordsworth, or a Hamlet by Shakespeare. As the French philosopher said-" we should be men of preferences, but not of exclusiveness." A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to M1r. Beasley, whose lecture was illustrated by a series of cartoons, and proved most interesting, being delivered extemporane ously, by a practised lecturer, and although time subject was by no imeans exhausted a good comprehensive idea of the chief architectural groups was given. The chairman (Mr. Mioon) mentioned that he hoped Mr. Beasley would fhivour them with another lecture next year. Mr. Beasley, in acknowledging the vote, said he had endeavoured to give a popular view of the subject. He would have liked to have taken up one branch only, but that would have wearied anyone but experts. 