" HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" ... Now, which is the worse — to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There, are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When " good diges- tion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal altitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; wo either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this uestiou differently, yet tho common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appeti.e without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need - of " alterations and repairs." 'To Ulnstrate. We recently received a communi- cati >n in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against . the nonrisl ment lived on ? If tho latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 18S9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I tad been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; tbe palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none waa good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down tbe middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything, lhen I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it telt l.ke a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circum stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some tharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked aith spaims, the aeony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he Bays, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal 1 male, for I w a afraid to eat. " After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something waa going to happen, aud this caused me to lose a gcod deal of sleep." What he means by tbe fear oi " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the Ios3 of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life be trer) his unstruug nerves, and to the brain en'eeble J by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of i lnc-s is always full of ghosts aud goblias. the crea ures of a restless and uu- Governed ima. iuaiion. " With great difficulty," ho s ivs, "iBtuektomy Work, for 1 had a wife aud family depending on. mo. Sol struggled on, but .what T suffer id for over two i ears is past my powers of descrip'ion. Iam sure no one has stffjied so much as 1 have done." In the latter stateme t he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own p in is one's own, aud is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a couutlbss multitude wha are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only wo don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally nv-nti -ns that after all medical treatment had ltfc him where it found him he chanced to read in a hook of a case ' exactly like his own' h-ving been oured by Mother Stigel'a Syrup. ' My wife," he says, " go", ma a bottle at Mr Laugstall's, in WoodlesfarJ, and uftei.usmg its contents the ail ment left me aud ha i never returned since that fort mate day. I should like tbe uh le world to k»ow what it did for m>-. i have been employed oy the Midland Railway Company : for eleven years. (Signed) " George Hum, ar Bottom Road, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds, , We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least inay know how thankfnl ho is and for what reason. 