NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE SORCERESS. All Rights Reserved. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. CHAPTER VII. Mrs. Kingsward's opening speech was a wonder to hear. She sat and looked at them all for a moment, trying to steady herself, but there was nothing to steady her in what sue saw before her. Aubrey and Deo, tho pair who had been so sweet Ur see, such a diversion in all circumstances, so amusing in their mutual absorption, so delightful in their romance. It all flashed back to her mind, the excitement of Boc'u first proposal, (lie pleasure of seeing " her bairn respected by tho lave," though Mrs. Kingswurd might not have understood what these words meant, the little triumph it was to see her child en gaged at 19, when everybody said thcro was nobody for tho girls to marry — and now to have that triumph turned into humiliation and dismay ! And to think of Bee's bright face overcast, and her happiness over, and poor Aubrey thrown out into the uttermost darkness. Had she seen Charlie it might have given her some support, for Charlie was the impersonation of immovable severity; but Betty's wistful little face behind the other pair, coining out from Aubrey's shadow by moments to fix nil appealing look upon her mother, was not calculated to make her any stronger. Sho cleared her throat— she tried hard to steady her voice. She said, " Oh, my dear children," faltering ; and then the poor lady ended in a burst of sobbing and tears. It gave her a little sting and stimulant to see through her weeping that though little Betty rail towards her with kisses and soothing, Boo took no I notice, but stood hard and unafToctod in her I opposition, holding close to Aubrey's arm. Mrs. King award, indeed, got no sympathy except from Little Betty. Charlie put his hand imperatively upon her shoulder, recall ing her to herself, and Bee never moved, standing by the side of Aubrey Leigh. Tho mother, thus deserted, plucked up a little spirit in the midst of her weakness. "Bee," she said, "I do not think it is quite | nice of you to stand there us if your own people were against you. We arc not against you. There has been, I fear, a great mistake made, which Colonel Kingtsward" — here she turned her eyes to Aubrey — "has found out in— in timo ; though it is a pity, a sad pity, that it was not found out before. If Mr. Aubrey had only been frank, and said at once — but I don't see what difference that would havo made. Papa says that from what he has hoard and discovered tilings must not go any further. He is sorry, and so am I, that they have gone so far; and the engagement must be broken oil at once. You bear what I say, Bee "I heard you suv so last night, mamma, bull say it is my engagement, and I have a' right to know why. i" do not mean— to break it off " "Oh, how can I make explanations — how can 1 enter into such a question? I appeal to you, Mr. Aubrey — tell her." "She ought not to ask any explanations. She is a minor, under ago. My father has a right to do whatever he pleases — ami she has uouc to ask why." This was how Charlie reasoned on tlio height of his onc-and-twonty years. Charlie was the intolerable element in all this ques tion. Aubrey cast a look at bin, and forcibly closed his own lips to keep in some thing that was bursting forth. Bee defied him, as was natural, on the spots. "I will not have Charlie put in his opinion," slie cried. "He has nothing to do with mo. Even if I obeyed papa 1 certainly should not obey him." "Let Aubrey say himself," said Mrs. Kingsward, "whether you ought to be told everything, Bee." "It is cruel to ask me," said Aubrey, speaking for the first time, " If Hoc could know all, if you could know all, Mrs. Kingr,- ward. But how could 1 .tell you all? Part of this is true, ami part is not true. J. could apeak to Colonel Kingsward more freely. I am going oil' to-night to London to .see him. It will free you from embarrassment, and it will give me perhaps a chance. I did not want to put you t o t his I rial. I am ready to put myself unreservedly in Colonel Kings- warrVs hands." " TT.cn," said Boo, hastily, "it seems I am of no sort of importance at all to any one. I am told my engagement is broken ofi", and then 1 am Lold thai I am not to know why, and then — go then, Aubrey, as that is your choice/and light it out with papa, if you please." »She loosed her arm from his, with a slight impulse, pushing him away. "But just mind this, everybody," she cried, " you may think little of Bee — hut my engagement shall not bo broken- by anybody but me, and it shall not bo kept on by anybody but me ; and I will neither give it un nor will I hold to it, neither one nor the other, until I know why." Then the judge and the defendant looked each other in tlio face. They were, as maybe supposed, on opposite sides, but they wore the only two to consult each other in this emergency. Aubrey responded by a move ment of his head, by a slight throwing up of his h.uls, to the question in Mrs. Kings- ward's eyes. "Thou you shall know as much as I can tell -you, Bee. Your father had a letter last week from a lady, felling him that she hud a revelation to make. The letter alarmed your father. Ho felt that he must know what it meant. lie could not go himself, but lie sent Mr. I'ussavant, the lawyer. Tho lady said that alio had lived in Mr. Leigh's house for years, in the time of his lain wife. .She said Mr. Leigh had — had behaved very hadlv to her." " That I do not believe," said Boo. The wor«Ls flashed out like a knife. They made a stir in the air as if a sudden gleam had como into it. And then all was still again, a strange dead quiet coming after, in which Bee perceived Aubrey silent, covering ins face with his hand. It cumc across her with a sudden pang that she had heard somebody say this morning or last night — " he did not deny it." " And that ho had promised her — marriage — that he was engaged to her, us good as— as good as married to her, when he had tlio cruelty, oh, my dear child, my dear child ! to come to you." Aubrey took his hand away from his white face. " That," ho said, in a strange, dead, tuneless voice, " is nob true." "Oil, more shame to you, _ Aubrey, more shame to you," cried Mrs. Kingsward, for getting her judicial character in her indigna tion as a woman, " if it is not true ! — " She paused a moment to draw her breath, then added, " But indeed you were not ho wicked as you say, for it is true. And hero is the evidence. Oh," she cried, wit h tears in her eyes, " it makes your conduct to my child worso ; but it shows that you were not then, not then, as bail as you say." Bee bad dropped into tlio chair that was next to her, and there sat, for her limbs had so trembled that she could not stand, watch ing him, never taking her eyes from him, as if ho wore a book in which the interpreta tion of this mystery was " Never mind about me," ho said, hoarsely, " I say nothing for myself. Allow mo to be as bad as a man can be ; but thqt is not true. And what is the evidence ? You never told me there was any evidence." "Sir," said Mrs. Kingsward, fully roused, "I told you ail that was in my husband's letter last night." " Yes — that she," a sort of shudder seemed to run over him, to the keen sight of the v/atohei's— " that she— said so. You don't know aa I do that that is no evidence. But you sneak now as if there was something more. She took a piece of folded paper from her hip. "There is this," sho said, "a letter you wrote tp her tlio morning you went away." " 1 did write her a letter," ho said. Mrs. Kingsward held it out to him, but was stopped by Charlie, who put his luiud on her urm. "Keep tho document, mother. Don't put tho evidence against him into a man's power. I'll road it if Mr. Leigh thinks proper." Once more Aubrey and Boo together with a simultaneous impulse looked at this in truder into their story. " Mamma ! send him awav. I should like to kill him !" said Bee within her clenched tenth. " Be quiet, Charlie. Mr. Leigh, I am ready to put this or anv other evidence against you into your hands.' Ho bowed very gravely, and then stood once more as if lie were made of stone. Mrs. Kingsward faltered very much, her agitated face flushed. " It begins," she suit!, in a low llutloriiig voice, " My dear little wife " Then there came a very strange sound into the agitated silence, for Aubrey Leigh, ou trial for more than his life, hero laughed. " What more, what more?" he said. "No, it is not that, it is — J don't want — my dear little wife to bo troubled about anything. It can all be done quite easily and quietly without giving an occasion for people to talk ; a settlement made and every thing you could desire. I shall malm arrange ments about everything to- day.' It is signed A.L., and it is in your handwriting. Bee, you can see it isOiis handwriting— look for yourself." Bug would not turn her head. Sho thought she saw the writing written in fire upon the uir— all his familiar turns in it. How well she knew the A.L., bub she did not look at it, would not look. She had enough to do looking' at his face, which was the letter, the book she was studying now. " No doubt it is my handwriting," lie said, " only it was addressed, not to any other woman, but lo'mvwifo." " Your wife died two years ago, Mr. Leigh ; andHhufc is dated Christmas — this "That is a lie 1" ho cried ; then restrained himself painfully. " You know I don't mean yon-— hut tho duto and tho assumption is entirely a lio. Give mo time and I will tell vou exactly when it was written. J remem ber the letter. U was when I had promised Amy to provide for her friend on condition that she should ho sent away— for she mado my house miserable." " Aud yet, and yet, Mr. Leigh oh, don't you bee how the things contradict each other. Shc made your house miserable, and yet— when your wife was dead, and you were free- He looked at her, growing pnlor and paler. "Ami yet!" lie said, "I know what you mean. That is the infernal art of it. My own folly lias cut the ground from beneath my feet and put weapons into every luiiul against mo. I know. J know."t Again there came into Bee's mind tho words she had heard last night. "Ho does not deny it." And yet he was denying it with all his might. Denying ami not deny ing— what V The girl's brain was all in a maze, and she could not tell. M You see," said Mrs. Kingsward gently. " Oh, 1 am sorry for you in my heart. Periiaps you were led into— a connection that you feel not to be — desirable. That L caii understand. But that you should think you could save yourself by means of an inno cent girl, almost a child, and impose yourself on a family that had no suspicions— oh, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Leigh ! You ought to have died sooner than have done that." He looked at her pitcously for a moment, and then a dreadful sort of smile came upon his face. "I allow," lie said, "that that would have been the best." And there fell a silence upon the room. 'Hie sun was shining outside, and tho sound of the water gurgling against tho sido of boats, and of all the commotion of tho lamling-plaoc, and of the hundreds of voices in the air, and of the chiming of the clocks, came in and lilled the place. And just then there hurst out a carillon from one of the steeples setting the whole to music, harmo nising all the discords, and sweeping into this silence with a. sudden rush of sound, as if some bodily presence had come in. It was tho touch, too much for all these excited and troubled people, Mrs. Kingsward lay back in her chair, and began to weep silently. Aubrey Leigh turned away from where he was stand ing and leau.t his head upon the wall. As for Bee, she sat quite still, dazed, not able to understand, but crushed out of all her youth ful self-assertion and determination to clear it all up. .She to clear it up ! — who did nob even understand it, who could not fathom what was meant. Tina there was something more than met the eye, somcbhiug that was not pub into words, seemed to show vaguely through the words that were said. But what it was Bee could not tell. She could not understand it at all. And yet that there was a fatal obstacle rising up between her and her lover, something which no one could disperse or clear away ; not a mistake, not a falsehood, not a thing that could be passed over triumphantly and forgotten — not as youth is so quick to believe a mere severity, tyranny, arbitrary conclusion of papa — sho felt in every iibro of her frame, ft he could nob deny it or struggle against it; her very being seemed paralysed. The meaning went out of her face, her absolute,' certain, imperious youlhfulness died out of her. fthc who loved to have her own way, who had just protested that nhe would neither give up nor hold fast except by her own will and understanding, now sat dumb, vaguely staring, seeing shadows pass before her, and hearing of things which were unde niable, mighty tilings, far more powerful than her little hot resolutions and determi nations. Bee had never yet come face to face with any trouble which 'could not lie smoothed away. There was her own naughti ness, there were Charlie's escapades at school and college — some of which »hu had known were serious. But in a little while they Ji;ul been passed over ami forgotten, and every thing hud been as before. One time she remembered pupa had threatened not to let Charlie go back to Harrow, which was a dreadful tiling, exposing him and his naughtiness to all the world. Bub after a while papa had changed his mind, and every thing had gone smoothly as before. Could papa change his mind now? Would time make it, even if lie did, as it was before! Bee had nob mental power enough to think these tilings, or ask these questions of her own will. But they went through her mind as people come in and go out by an open door. It was Aubrey who was the lirst to speak. Tim carillon stopped, or else they got used to the sound and took no further notice of it, and he collected himself and came forward again to the middle of the room. Ho said : " I know it will be a relief that I should go away. There is un afternoon train which I shall take. It. is slow, but it docs not matter. I shall be as well there as any where— or as ill. I shall go direct to Colonel Kingsward and lay my whole case before him. Ho will perhaps confront me with iny accuser— I hope so — if nob ho will ab least hear what I have to say for myself." "Oh, Mr. Leigh ! Oh, Aubrey! I can't wisfi you anything hub well whatever — what ever may be done 1" "Thank yon, Mrs. Kingsward. I looked for nothiug less from your kind heart. Will you give me that letter?" .She put it into his lunula without the least hesitation, and lie examined it — with a sort of, strained smile upon his face. "I should like to take this back to Colonel Kings- ward," lie said. Then added quickly, with a short laugh,- " No, I forgot, there might be suspicions. Send it back to him, please, by tho lirst post that he may have it when I get there." He gave the letter back, and then 1m looked round wistfully. " May I say good-bye to Roe V fthc got up at tho words, feeling herself vaguely called upon — yet quite dull, dumb, with all sorts of thoughts going, going, and coming through t hose wide-open doors of her mind — thoughts like strays which she seemed to .see as they passed. Even Aubrey him self appeared a ghost. She got up aud stood, awaiting him when ho approached her, not putting out a linger. Nobody interfered, not even Charlie, who was fuming inter nally, vet somehow did not move. Aubrey went up to her and put his hands upon her shoulders. Her unresponsiveness sent a chill to his heart. " Have you given mo up, Boo?" ho cried, " Already, already !" with anguish in his voice. fthc could not say a word. She shook her head like a mute, looking at him with her dazed eyes. "She docs nob understand it— not a word !" he said. Bee shook her head again. It was all she could do. No, she did not understand, ex cept that it was a kind of dying, something against which nobody could struggle. And then he kissed her on her forehead as gravely as though ho had been her father, and tho next moment was gone— was it only out of the room, or out of tlio world, out of life? (To bo continued.) 