"BULLETIN" MEMS. The Kiama-ghost record —In the O'Farrel tragedy Judge Cheeke tried the case ; Martin and Isaacs prosecuted; Aspinall and Dalley defended; John Williams wasGrowh Solicitor, and Tom Pavey prisoner's solicitor ; Bull was hangman. All are now dead. Parkefl, however, is still tiring. Tasmanian Parliament has authorised the disposal by lottery of the. assets of the deceased bank of V.D.L. All the lands, goods and chattels of the institution are to be traded off for £300,000 in £1 shares, everything being put in at the municipal-rating. valuation, ana the State to be responsible that every investor gets a square and honest gamble. This idea is one which ought to be adopted all over Austra lia. The nation will gamble, and if the State doesn't provide Borne honest game of chance then the money will go in "tote" or fan-tan swindles. There is much feeling in Adelaide Democratic circles over the attitude of the Labor, leaders towards the sincere and brainy journalist, Medway Day. The general desire is to run Day for South Australia Legislative Council next A pril, but the Labor party stick to " wage earners," although their majorities are secured by the co-operation of outsiders. Day is the one man feared by the Abb', which spent hundreds of pounds to keep him out of parlia ment last April. The Argus, the Houbc of Lords and the Home Rule Bill:—"The baronB who subdued the kings are now called upon by every feeling of citizenship, by the traditions of the constitu tion, by their position sb legislators, to resist the degrading despotism of the closure." But the barons of to-day are not " the barons who subdued the kings." They are mostly the pimps and prostitutes who pleased the kings. The B.C. Archbishop Dunne (Q.) said, at Maryborough lately, that" better than churcheB, better than schools, were comfortable happy homes for Australian children." The archbis hop is consistent with himself in making thiB statement. His whole life in Queensland has been'devoted to impressing upon his various flocks the duty . of settling on the land and building homes for their children. Numbers of families now prospering about Toowoomba and along the Patting Downs generally, owe their farms to the argent pressure, of the then Father Donne. What is the use of colossal cathedrals and three-storeyed scholastic edifices it children and parents must huddle, together in dingy hovels S 