THE PALLID PUNTER, d 0 (G. G. in the Illustrated Sporting and a Dramatic News. I I have seen him at all aorta of race n meetings, big and little, rowdy and Tory, - but I have never seen him without it-I mean his ghastly expression. We used to speculate amongst ourselves as to the s reason of his being thus afflicted, and whether it was his own fault or some one else's, and if he had ever tried to give his features a tint less suggestive of the silent tomb. But he was not a man one couldp talk to on such personal subjects, and consequently his extreme pallor continued to be his oen secret. htill we had our theories. He was known to have been engaged in his early youth in the sweet stuff industry, and to have acquired a considerable local reputation for the piquancy of a peculiar ice-cream con fection, the invention of his own daring brain. Now, our idea was, and still is- 1 no other theory meeting with popular favour-that in the rashness of youth he had partaken with too much abandon of his own product, which, according to his original intention, was made to be sold, not to be eaten; and he paid the penalty with the loss of personal lustre. No matter if he won, or if he drank, it was all the same-I mean his unnatural pale ness; and it was a standing reproach to tlose of us who are unable to become convivial day by day without attaining a vivid alcoholic expression, especially about the nose. The rise and fall of the pallid punter were very interesting. Why such a sad visaged person-one eye, by the way, looked nowhere in particular and the other was loose in its movements-should ever have begun to bet and engage in t the turmoil of the ring, is more than I can tell because I don't know. But it is supposed that the local taste for his sac charine speciality gradually died out, as the children of the neighbourhood became more solicitous as to the preservation of their mucous membrane; and finding himself with a large stock on hand which he could not sell, he thought it prudent to cut the loss by eating it himself. Thence he appears to have acquired a distaste for commerce, and began to back his fancy in half dollars, giving his win nings a chance when he was in form, and occasionally leaving it all down for the third coup. He did not look to be a good gambler, having indeed the general appearance of a recently whitewashed ghost, but he was so-that is a good gambler; and thereby hangs this tale. The first investments of our pallid hero were consistently successful. Though he could not tell a race-horse from a prize bullock he was shrewd enough to back recent winning form, and of course all his mammoth speculations wero s.p. jobs, as he could not afford the expense of going to the meetings. He kept backing winners and got on. Silver betting was no longer good enough, even with "accumulations," and he increased the magnitude of his operations until he thought nothing of wagering in gold. He also abandoned the s.p. and the tape club business, believing that he could do better on the course, and thus he developed into the regular backer who is scarcely sure of next week's nutri ment and has no idea where he will be next year-in gaol or out. But as he pros perpd in the ring, our friend the pale face preserved his characteristic features, all signs of colour still being absent and the swivel eye ever on the loose. At that time Archer was in his prime, and when the pallid punter first attended the meetings the great jockey was show ing a marvellous average of wine. Many of the professional backers were getting a good living out of him, and in his bound less ambition the pallid punter resolved l to do more- make a fortune. There is no doubt that be elaborated some sort of a system, but its keystone always was Archer. He would never reveal his secret, and was so careful in all his move ments that he gave us no chance to find it out. No matter what Archer rode, whether a 6 to 4 on chance in a field of twenty, or 100 to 8 against with three runners, he was on it, and without mak ing any inquiries or showing the least anxiety as to the merits of the animal in question, he awaited the result with calm ness and confidence. Of course, if he lost, he did not, as the thrilling novelists say,"palpably blanch," that extraordinary feat being in his case impossible, but he 4took his reverses without a whimper and came up smiling for the next race. Steadily pursuing his syste'n,never want ing tips or stable information, or any thing but " Archer up," he acquired in the course of two or three years a large sum of money variously estimated at from £10,000 to £20,000. Another curious characteristic of this peculiar person must here be placed on .record. He was not apparently at all \- elated by his success. Seedy before it Scame to him, he was still seedy after its I achievement, and, one adds with regret, -. he never looked to be quite clean. Money 4did not spoIl him, and did not make him use more soap than he had previously been accustomed to. His personal habits were marked by extreme frugality in all things. After winning £2000 or £3000 in one day, he has been seen eating his modest dinner at night in a Tottenham Court- road coffee-shop, the piece de a-csis. tassce being a tough steak and chips, washed down with a pint of bitter, and sanctified by the donation of a penny to the waiter. The domestic circle, whither he repaired after gambling in thousands, awas on an equally modest scale, and his Swife did all the work. I don't know if g she knew that he had any money .to speak of, but she certainly * got none of it, and was glad to pick upsa few shillings by casual employment. SYou will thus perceive that our punter t belonged to the class of men who do not t let their right hand know what their left t hand doeth, and who do with both h ands everybody who does not keep them at arm's length. The history of succesaful backers of .horses-and there are many who get a a good living at the game-reveals the curious fact that they have never e got -enough, and believe that it f is just as easy to win £20,000 as 1l £10,000, and easier to win £40,000 than half that sum, since the~ initial difficulty 5 of a want of capital to work with has been overcome. This is the cause, in Smany cases, of their undoing. Their greed is their ruin. Their insatiable desire for more leads to the possession of less, or, ultimately perhaps, nothing, and their last state is worse than the first. True, they began at zero and worked up, but, after a collapse, the second ascent is not so eeay, and is, in fact, rarely accom plished. C The pallid punter wanted too much, b and he believed in Archer as his guiding c star. That eminent jockey, however, at P one time had the misfortune to ride a c large number of consecutive lo'ers, and a as bis persistent follower had teun play- h iog it up pretty stiffly on the gutting back principle-a truly pernicious method of P gambling which leads first to the public t house and next to the workhouse-he bewan to look, oh no, not blue, but al dirtier white than usual. No bank how- I ever strong could stand such a series of f reverses, and the catastrophe occurred at a meeting in the Midlands Archer was riding one of his customary red hot favourites in a five furlong sell big race, the betting being six to four on him in a field of about a dozen. The pallid I punter was going nap. He stood to win a very large stake indeed, and if the good thing had come oft he would have been once again placed in a position of prosperity. But it was not to be. As usual Archer got well off, and after going about half the distance, lying close up with the, leaders, he gave one of his keen, comprehensive glances at the others, so as to gauge the strength of the situation. We all remem ber his methods so well. How we used to like to see him just take that quick glance 1 round, sitting quite still, and time his effort with mechanical precision : half a length, it might be, or a short head, but how admirably done ! In the race under notice, however, it was Archer that was done-alas, alas ! the hero of this veracious memoir. When the famous jockey made his effort he could go no faster; in fact, his mount collapsed entirely in a few strides and was beaten even out of a place. I cannot tell you, not being a pictorial artist or even an " impressionist" in colours or otherwise, how ghastly white that poor punter became after this severe body-blow had been administered, but he dissappeared at once from the scene of his former triumphs, being content to take what is vulgarly termed "the knocks" and by some experts " the push," and was not heard of in the racing world for a con siderable period. Put a man who is thoroughly behind the scenes as regards almost all turf incidents gave me some edifying sug gestions with reference to the race which led to the catastrophe above recorded. " You know, of course," he remarked, when we were talking over the affair, " what the unfortunate backer said when he saw that Archer was hopelessly beaten, and could not get a gallop out of his horse." I was obliged to express my ignorance as to the violence of any words he may have used during that trying period, but I remarked that something strong was excusable. " Well," replied my friend, " all he said was this-and he shrieked it rather than said it : " Stuffed, by God !" and he then quickly vanished from the scene, like the impenitent Welsher, and with about equal reason." The ring, as we all know, are very clever and sure to beat us in the end. They do not believe in systematic losses, l and it is probable that they were getting tired of the pallid punter. We state nothing, of course, and do not even suggest anything, but there is no doubt that celebrity, when he used the word " stuffed," thought he knew something, and was of opinion that the red-hct favourite had been specially '' readied " for his delectation. It appears to be l easy to do these things when one has plenty of money and can adopt the necessary measures to prevent being found \- out. Crime, of course, is not punished; it is discovery which gets one into trouble. \- Even after this crushing reverse, with 1\. everything gone and a bill of sale on the happy home, our speculative friend did f not abandon himself entirely to despair. 3 " Try again " was his motto, " and try \- hard." He also tried his friends. Amongst them a small syndicate was established, and he was again started on the warpath I \- with a capital of £15, from which the investors naturally expected large profits. 9 He had still perfect confidence in Archer, r but taught by experience he modified his 3 system so as to nullify if possible the 1ruinous effect of a bad sequence of losers. -Well, to make a long story short he again Sgot some money and paid out the syodi \- cate, the individual members of which, Salthough they were receiving about 500 Sper cent, interest, quarrelled as to the 1 division of the spoil on the general ground that they ought to have more and were Sbeing defrauded. I And then another sad thing happened ; I poor Archer died I After that the pallid Spunter did not know what to back, and Scould not get on at all. The basis of his Ssystem was Archer, and when Archer was 'gone the slstem went ; and not only this Sone, we may add, but many others, and many good men too. Once more was 'Ithis luckless speculator compelled to retire 1'into obscurity, making his last journey home in an uncomfortable recumbent Sposition under the seat; and it is note 1 worthy thst these repeated trials had the Seffect of intensifying his ghost- like hue. How he got his living afterwards it is I impossible to tell; no one knows how or 0 where such men do live, and all one r knows is that they never work. There " is something in the atmosphere of the 8 turf world that is deleterious to steady .f industry, and its votaries consider labour V undignified. Even theft is not so V plebeian. k The last time I had the pleasure of *meeting my pale-faced friend he was r trying to hold a large cab horse outside t Hurst Park racecourse, and was whiter :t than ever. He whispered, with mucs h fragrance, that if I could see him two 'a minsutes before the thtrd race he would have " a real pinch " for me, and he suc if ceeded in burrowing the sum of 2s Cd at wherewith to have a dash on the mount a of Thomas Loates, Eeq. 