THRI:'STORY ori ANDBEW FAIRFAX. (BY JOSEPH IHOCKING.) BOOK II. ':: P uEpanoG Fon :HIS; Vonit. C.RAFPTER .XXIV.-C onti inule.) ' O'undy,' said And'rw, 'you must 'do this. ; Xou've killed ler, killed her Sas surely as if you had stabbed her to .the he lirt with a knife, and now you ,shall make what reparation ydu can. :IThe girl is your wife in reality, you :must make hebr so ina' the eyes of the lawv. F:: or the first timo he seemed to realize what he had .done. Hitheito, ::he had seomoed only afraid of conso quences, caring nothing for the sin it s:elf ; now, for a minute, he seemed to Sseeo himself as ho was. 'She loves you,' went on Anridrew, Ishe was ready to sacrifice everything ifor you. Be a man, Oundy; do what '.you can now. .."' Is it possiblo ?' he said at length. .' Can we be married out ov chsu'ch?' 'I will arrange everything,' said Andrew, ' if you will be a man.' .:'For a minute the young ,farmer s:-'tbod as'if fighting with a great 'itemptation, then he burst out passion a; 'ately ' No, by - -; you shall not do it. I'11 do it. I only love she-my Kitty. :I'll go and spaik to the pnssen, and ::everything. Come weth me-come!' There was anew light in the young "farmer's eyes as he took hold of S;Andrew's arnn. 'Where are you going?' asked i, Andrew. ::. ' Goin' to Kitty.' He sypoko no other word till they Neached the cottage, where they met Amos. The old man's eyes flashed Sdangerously as he saw his grandchild's destroyer. ' What do 'co want hero ?' he asked. 'I want Kitty, I want to see my wife !' ' For a minute the old man seemed :stunned, then he led the way toKitty's :room. The two entered together, and Kitty looked up with joy in her eyes. ':': .Leave us alone,' he said to Amos. S' I want to be with my wife.' SThere was new strength, new power :in his voicd, and wonderingly Amos Sobeyed. ' Have you left them .alone .to gtether ?'. asked Andrew: -' Yes, and 'ere's mother, she's come . away too,' and Amos turned towards his wife. In about aquarter of an hour young Sim came back. 'Come with me,'. he said to An Sdrew, ' and see that I do the right thing. I hate you, you've made me ..seem like a devil. But neyer mind,'I can be a man as. weoll as you. Kitty's :my wife, d-ydu hear? Tell every y-ay hal?l said sa: May wife! I'm Sgoin to the passen now. I want to .arrange everything so that he can : come and marry us. Do you see ?. I want to make haste ! Kitty may : may-come on, quick!' i.'The two hurried on to the ree Story, and were soon closeted with :ithe clergman. Young Simn told his ?story, told it as though he were Tauxious that all evil should be laid on him. .' I want 'eo to marry us, Passen Cnhilds,' he said; s' she es my wife, ,but I want aol the world to knaw it.' S'-The clergyman spoke of the irregu laiity of the proceeding. '!:That's nothing to me o. This Fair iftax says it can be done. 'You must ,come and do it. Do youi hear? I'm jgoing to make every arrangement, i', and as soon as possible I'll let 'ee ciknaw.' i-:'Two days after there was a curious .:gathering at old Amos' cottage. Kitty ?was still alive, bit her face was flushed and her eyes flashed strangely. ,Parson Chlilds was there, too, and Andrew, and young Sim,'and tie doctor. Ii:' Is all ready and right ?' said the i ;"young farmer to the clergyman. .. Q es, yes, I believe that- ' m:., That'll do. Now, Fairfax, you s!hall see that I'm a man as good as 'you. I love Kitty7 she's my wife. ,I'mi going to make her so by law. P-assen, 'are ybu ready.?' :: They entered the bedroomn. K:::,.itty lay panting on the scaity ;, lpillows; with a bright look in hei' ! eyes, She watched Sim's face with a..n anxious expression, and. then, w:,.hen he came to her side, she.. took .L his hand and caressed it fondly. SThey arranged themselves around Sthe bed, while the clergyman opened : his book. , 'Granfor, granny,' said.Kitty, '.I . should like to havo the-the sacra 4 ment before I-' 'Have you broad and'wine?' said .the clergyman; 'if so, it can be ad Sministered at once.' 'Maaster Andrew brought some wine laast night,' said the old woman with quavering voice, while Sim Slooked angrily at Andrew, as though he loathed the though~t of his doing anything which lie himself ought to have done. The wine was brought into the room, and poured into a cup. 'If there weore time, we might have had the sacrament cup from the church,' said the clergyman, as he Sprepared to administer the sacred rite. Lot granfer give it me,' said Kitty, tremulously. 'It would seem better from him.' The clergyman looked indignant, and seemed about to speak, but one look at old Amnos's face checked him. There was the look of an inspired prophet in his eyes, and heedless of -the, rector's presence he fell on his knees. 'Let us pray,' he said. ": There was a wondrous power in his ?voice, as though One mnightier than .he spoke through him, and spite of Severything the old priest knelt with t~oherest. 'Dear Loard,' said Amos, in falter ing accents, 'Thou kinowest that one of Thy little children hvey come backl to Thy groant heart. The doctor do say that we can't keep her hero, Loard, and so we come to Thee in this way. Thou didst come among us .to tell us of Thy love, and to show us thle way of life, and now we commemorate Thy dyin' love. Thou art very near to us, Loard. We feel Thee, and so we know mthant this sacrament will be very precious to our souls. Save us all from sin-help us to forgive-even our enemies.. Ay, they' who'vo .wronged us, as T]iou knowest, Loard, I do, and Loard Jesus help us to say, Thy will be done.' They rose from their knmees,,and hthen Amos, with trembling limbs, but reverently, partook of the bread and the wine, and gave to the adying girl. 'I know the dear Loard do forgive me,' she said, 'for I love Him so, and I have such peace at my heart.' Several times tihe rector seemed about to protest, but was unable.' A hallowed presence pervaded the room. A power was there which forbade priestly assumption and bigotry. They seemed to be all led to the heart of thlings, and saw that religion was of the Spirit and not of form. 'And now,' said Amos, ' Will you do your work, Manaster Childs ?' The rector opened his book again while young Sim took hold of Kitty's hand. Solemny the old clergyman read the service, firmly and steadily did young Sim make his responses, while quietly but clearly did Kitty say the words that .made her his in the eyes of the law. ' Simeon Cundy, wilt thou have this woman to be thy lawful wedded wife ?' ' I will.' ' Kitty Croews, wilt thou have this man to be thy. lanful wedded hus band? . . .' 'I will.' Young Sim placed the ring on her finger, while a wan smile crept over her face. . In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I pronounce you man and wife; whom God hath joined together let no man put asun der.' 'Parson, are we married now, are we ?' 'In the eyes of God, yes; but you must sign the---' -' Bring them here, quick.' SThe books were brought, and each signed, Kitty writing her name clearly and legibly. 'Are we married now ?' asked the young farmer again.. 'Yes.' 'In the eyes of the law?' 'In the eyes of the law. "'Do you hear that, Kitty? You are mine in the eyes of the la~w.' She.looked up at him with a glad smile. ? My husband,' she said, softly. She lay back on the pillows, while a great clhange came over -her. A fim crept over ? er eyes. '"Help,' cried" Sim, 'her jhands.be gittin' cold.' * The doctor came near, and shook his head. " ' She is going fast,' he said; 'the unnatural strength which she possessed is gone, and now she will go out like a spark.' ' She mustn't,' cried the young farlmer. ' She's my wife, do you hear, my wife! Look up, Kitty, my darlin'; speak to me. You are my wife. You are Kitty COmundy !' But Kitty spoke not, while her eyes closed. :All stood silently around by the bedside and watched the. dying" girl. Presently she looked up. again, while her hands pressed those of her hus band. ' Will you, kneel and say "Our Father " with me ?' she said td Sim. The young farmer knelt down, sobbing like a child. - ' I always loved you, Kitty,'- he murmured, ' only you.' She did not reply save by. a wan smile, and then began the .Lord's Prayer. Word by word they repeated it togetiher until they came to the words, ' As we forgive them that tres pass against us,' then she stopped. ' Whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder,' she mur mured. 'And are we- ?' : ' Man and wife,' said Sim, huskily. ' For ever and ever?' she mur mured. 'For eveo and ever, so help nie Go.' . .. Her 'mouth moved as if she said Amen, but they heard no words. For a minuto they thought she had gone, but the life was not yet extinct. The lips still quivered, the breath still camie. After a few seconds she looked up with a glad look in her eyes. 'You are not disgraced,' she said, looking towards her grandparents, 'I am his wife.' Tears trickled down their wrinkled faces, while Sim said, huskily ' Yes, my God, my wife.' ' For ever and ever,' she murmured, as if in a dream; then a shiver passed through her frame-and they knew that all was over. Old Amos looked at .the sweet placid face, ind lifted his eyes upward. 'Lord, now lettest thou Thy servant depart in peaco, for mine eyes have seen Thy salvation,' he said, solemnly, when one by one they left the room, leaving the man and his wife to gother. CHAPTER ,XXV. A wOntX'5 I'LEA. "Oh to love so, be so loved, yet so mis taken! What hbd I on earth to do With the slothful, ?with the m!awlish, the S unmanly? Like the aimless, helpless, hopeless, did I **driv61e,, . : . --Being-who ?".. -.RonEnr Bwno~WIo. ' Tho lioxt day Andrew wont to London. Tho editor of the paper for which he had boeen writing had oexpressed a desire to see him, and the young man, desiring to seeoo andfool the lifo and activity of London after so many months in the country, hlad acceded to his request. Besides, ho wanted to see Ezra Pinns, who hlad been continually tolling him that if he grew out of touch with modern BaLbylon, he would be a lost man. I fancy, however, that Ezra had written more for his own. sake than for Andrew's. 'The truth was the old man wanted to see him. Ho longed to .come into contact again with. the young man whom he had learnt to love. Andraow stayed in London a little more than a week, during which time he had innumerable conversations with Ezra, and one interview with the editor of the great daily. When the time came for Andrew to announce his intention of going back Ezra opposed him. '?Why are you going back again ?' he objected. 'You have learnt all you can learn. You have seen the people under the various conditions of their life. Don't be a fool. Now you are in Londoxi stay here.' ' No,' said Andrew. ' Im goihg back!' ' But why ?' 'WeVoll, I shall be able to work better in the quiet of the country, and under the influence of my father's home.' ' SXtuff. There's a woman' in the question. Isn't there now ?' Andrew was silent.' 'I thought so. Andrew Fairfax, you are ruined. You are a fool like the rest, and if I were your father, I'd flog you. Oh, you blockhead!' But Andrew laughed at Ezra's anger, and the old man condescended to be agreeable when shortly after wards they parted. ' B3ut you'll come up again soon ?' he said, as they shook hands at the station. ' When I've finished my book.' 'Not before ?' ' No.' ' Well, don't be a bigger fool than you can help. As for the woman don't resist her, flee from her. Urn, but youwon't, I know.' When Andrew arrived at St. Neot, he found that another sorrow had bo fallen old Amos Crews. The day after Kitty was buried, he was called upon to pay certain little debts that he owed, and when he declareJdis in ability to do so, what the peopleo called the "baillies" (bailiffs) entered the house, and the few little things which thie old people had were to be sold. Andrew had left Paddington by the nine o'clock evening express, and thus had arrived at St. Neot in the early morning of the day when Amos's goods were to be sold. He imme diately put on his overcoat, when his landlady had told him the news, so as to go and help his old Mrend in his distress. Before starting out, how ever, he looked at his purse. Eagerly he counted the few coins it contained, and then he realized that he was powerless. Little as was the sum which Amos owed he was unable to pay it. True, in a few days he would have more sent to him, but that would not satisfy the people, who wanted their money at once. He did not know what to do. True, the weather had at last broken, and the people had started to work, but money was cruelly scarce, and he knew not to whom he could go. Probably, too, old Amos had tried to get temporary help, and was unsuccessful. 'Do you know what is to become of Amos and his wife if their little bits of furniture are sold?' asked Andrew of his landlady. ' I hear they'm going to the Union,' replied the woman. ' You see no one will1 trust 'em now 'cause Amos is past work. He's rheumaticky, too, so there's nothing else for 'em.' Andrew left the house undecided what to do. Had he a few pounds by him he would not have minded so much, but at present he was powerless. 'And this is to be the end of the old man's life, I suppose,' he mused. 'Ho has slaved for a miserable pittance anll his days. He has toiled long after his physical strength allowed him to do so properly, hlie has reared his family, and suffered hard slhip for this. And yet we .are in a Christian country, supposed to be governed by just laws! As far as I can see there's nothing else than this for a great number of these labourers. Slave while they have strength, and then go the workhouse when their strength is gone !' He walked through the little vil lage almost heedless of the kind greetings which the people gave him, and was wending his way towards Amos's cottage when he heard the sound of horses' hoofs. He looked up, and his heart gave a great bound: Before him was Mavis Lezant. (To be continued.) 