WASTE PRODUCTS MADE USE FUL. Many kinds of waste materials of certain manufactures are employed iu new forms for other industries. Old rags are a familiar instance of this change. Woollen ragB are more slowly converted into final products than those of cotton and linen, because they are valuable for intermediate uses. Before they are run to1 earth they do duty for many forms of cheap clothing. In the United Kingdom, Bafley, Dewsbury and Leeds are the ' grand marketB for woollen rags, though \ the TJnited States are running us in close \ competition. The greasy, frowsy, cast- ' off clothes of Europe reappear in pilot cloths, Petershams, beavers, Talmas, Chesterfields and Mohairs, which modem dandies wear when they consult economy as well aB their outward appearance. When black coats are too far gone to be clobbered or revived they are Bent to various countries to be made into caps, Prance, Russiaand Poland requiring them in large quantity. The worn-out red tunics of British soldiers almost exclu sively go to Holland to cover the chests c - of sturdy Dutchmen, who conceive them ; to he a: protection against rheumatism. . ; Uniforms of a better description, whether i: military or liveries, chiefly go to Africa , . for the wear of kings and chiefs. It is . : only after these transformations that the . rags are torn down into shoddy and > mungo for inferior cloths. When old woollen rags have reached- their fourth . 'stage of degradation, so that they are < unfit for the shoddy maker, they are still < economically useful. They are then . m mixed with other degraded waste, Buch 4 as shavings of hoofs and horns' and the blood of Blaughter-houses, and are melted r ;in an iron pot with wood ashes and scrap iron. This process produces the , , material out of which the beautiful dye x: Prussian blue is made. . i - As to perfumeB, there are some which i . are really oils and others extracted from i flowers. There are others which are < \- made artificially, and, curiously, most . frequently out of bad-smelling com pounds. - The fusel oil, separated out in the distillation of spirits, has a peculiarly nasty and . sickening odour. It is used, : , after treatment with acids and oxidizing f! agents, to make the oil of apples and the < oil of pears. Oil of grapes and oil of . -cognac are little more, than fusal oil . largely diluted. Oil of pineapples, on the \- other hand, is beBt made by the action of putrid cheese on Bugar, or by distilling rancid butter with alcohol and oil of. . vitriol. This oil is largely used for . making pineapple ale. Many a fair fore head used to be damped with " Eau de . Milleflenrs " without, knowing that its \- i essential ingredient was got . from the : ( drainings of cowhouses, though now it i i can be obtained cheaper from one of the 'x constituents of gaB tar. Out of the latter xr. iB got oil of bitter almondB, so largely \ r. . rused to perfume soap and; confectionery. N.H -Of all living things rats seem-.to be ; , among the most repulsive; and when dead .. .what can be their use? But even they i are. the subjects of production iu the .industrial arts. In Paris there is a pound : surrounded by wallB into which all dead . carcases are thrown. A large colony of ;.rats haB been introduced from ; the cata-: comhs. The rats are most useful in xj clearing the flesh from the hones, leaving v. : a clean polished skeleton fitted for the , makers of phosphorous. At the base of , , ,the wall numerous shallow holes are . . scooped out just sufficient to contain the .rhody - of ( the rats, but . not their, tails. . !UEyery three months a great, battue, takes x,. rplace, during wnicn tne ternned rats run . into the holes. Persons go round, .and, . .catching- the extending . tails, pitch the . . -rats iinto bags, and they are killed at .leisure. . Then beginB the manufacture. / .The fur is -valuable and finds a ready sale. . ..The skins .make- a superior glove— rthe gant de rat — and are especially used for the thumbs of kid gloves, because the skin oi -the rat is strong and elastic. The thigh-boneB.! ;Were. formerly valued as tooth-picks for. clubs, but are now out of fashion; while tne tendons, and bones,. i'r.jMe! boiled ,;up ' to make the gelatine wrappers for- hon-bons. Surely I have .(.established my thesis that, dirt is .only. . .matter in a wrong place. «xla Chemistry, like a. thrifty ; housewife,. (.jiieepnomiseB. every, scrap. - i , The horseshoe nailsrdropped (in the: streets are carefully , ;i if. collected,, and reappear as swords and ! vj igiius. -The . main ingredient of the ink . jxiWjithi'which I ... now , .write was -probably ..ijonce the ;broken hoop of an. old; beer. . j hugreL , ! The , chippings of the; travelling. ri.|(t3nkerr are-, mixed, with the -parings of ,rf i (horses' hoofsand the worst: kinds .of y ! i (Woollen rags, and these are worked . up ()4 into an . exquisite blue dye, which graces , ..jthe idrpss; pl courtlyj dames. . The dregs of port winexarefully decanted by the! .jliQper,' (are taken' jiu the morning, "as a seidlitz powder, ito'iremove the effect of jo thgi'dpbauch, : :The (pffal of the streets (fj syajJ. , the. wastings . of coal gas ireappear .pfCarefully preserved.in: the lady's smelling., .bpttief P1' Used by her tp ' flavour blauc rinanges -for . her. friends. All this thrift X!0 qf, material is an . imitation of the economy ., y'(pf Nqture, which allows no -waste. ! Every- , '(-thipg has :its destined, place in the process v,3 pf.thp" universe, in. iwhich there -?is not a (.rbjadepf .grass < pr ,even. a .! microbe too .'.. .much, if, <we possessed , the 'knowledge to ((x#pply;tpi9|.,ita, their (fitting.. purposes. Man aims at the acquisition of this know ledge, and, as we attain it, we are always rewarded by indirect though important benefits to the human race. It is neither necessary nor desirable that we Bhould seek knowledge for the sake of utilities ; our reward comes when we search for truth, because it iB truth. If we try to use the rays of knowledge on account of their own inherent beauty, their reflection upon all things,. animate- and inanimate,, show properties of matter which range themselves into utilities, almost without our perceiving the process, and teach ns that there is nothing common or unclean to the laws of science.— Loud Lyon Playtaie. Not all RomanlStS— To read the New York Irish World one wonld think that all tha great battles of the late civil war be tween the Northern and Southern- States were won for the former by-IriBh soldiers and Irish generals. Of coarse these heroes were, ac cording to The World, Roman Catholics from away back, and no donbe some or tnem par ticipated afterwards in the Fenian raid into Canada, which ended so disastrously for. the raiders. The fact is that the generals. who. won the war for the Union— backed, by an inexhanetible treasury— never saw Ireland, and bat one or two of them were RomanistB. Certainly, Grant, who broke the baok'of the Confederacy, was not a Romanist, any more than the dietingnished Southerner, General Stonewall Jackson. It is certain, however, with tbe exception: of one or two regiments, that the Protestants - of : the Northern - States , did the greater part of the fighting and re- . ceived some of the hardest knocks. Tbe Frencb Executioner and bis lodgings. — The Petit Journal states that M. Daibler, who' f or 18 years has resided in the same place, has been obliged to leave his abode sinoe the execution of Ravaohol. -The - numerous threatening letters which- he has- received caused snch a consternation among the other tenants of the honse at whioh he lived that they resolved to leave in a body nnless M. Deibler gave up his tenancy. The exeontioner, who was some - time before he could find another abode; is now aBked to vacate hie new premises, his ; fellow iodgers having collectively informed" the landlord that nnleBS he gets rid pf M. Deibler they , will leave in a body. As M. Deibler refuses to eomply with hiB landlord's request, and means to remain where he is at any cost, the matter -will come before the Courts. Tr ansubstantiatlon —A Nut for Cardinal Rloran to cracb—. A curious .trial iB ,abont to begin at ,Palermo. The prisoners are two peasants who ponred a quantity of oorroBive snblimate into a chalioe ; used by the prieBt of a ohurch daring the 'celebration of -Mass. "The unfortunate priest drank from' it and died shortly afterwards on : the altar Bteps. ; The . motive ' for the orime is -believed, to have been.personal . vengeance. According to the doctrine of the,Ohnrqhof Rome the consecrated /wine .whioh the priest drank was .changed into the very blood which, in' Hib life on earth, ran through our, Saviour's veins. But; would the blood' of OhriBt poison a man ?— English' Churchman, London, 24th November 1892. St. Rocb tbe Quack.— We read in five Roman Oatholio papers several colnmns of spiritual advice and exhortation suggested by the coming .of Asiatic cholera. All of them Bpoka of onr dqties to God, and of His., «n/s«An 4-n wi a mifliAnf ontr rnfnvanna +a AAiul ujr bU UO| nivuuub BUJ swaviwuvu sv Virgin Mary or other saints. This shows how; in snoh solemn oocasions, the tendenoy of tne Roman Oatholio heart is to throwoff' snperstitions practices to look only to " Jesas, the Author of onr ;faith." But, in a late issne; one .of , those ' papers, the_ Catholic Universe, September 24, 1892, printed the, following to' keep hp traditional standards, as it came immediately after two patent medicine advertisements— a 'Liver Regulator, for health and happiness," and one that " never failsd to cure dyspepsia." Weido not-know whioh of the three is: the biggest fraud. I Let the reader judge : "To Avert Pestilence. , i ".THE. CELEBRATED, PRAYER Tp, ST. RQCH. ' "O blessed St. Roph, whose charity inspired . thee to make pilgrimages in oities infedted by the plagne to care the siok, and who, when' thyself attaoked; was comfortedby a ' brhtaibaaBt,1 thy faithful- companion, pray for ns ' and: aid ' ns. / Obtain "from our meroiful Saviour that He remove from as this terrible Boohrge now;- menacing ub. . Thon didst merit - i by ,thy five, years spent in dark/abodes of, infeotion and misery the heavenly power of ddrihg contagious diseases. Forget not the written promise brought ;by an angel from heaven and depoBited mpon thy lifeleBS body : 'The infected, who shall have; recourse; to St.Rooh,! shall be delivered -from their cruel maladieB.' . Full , of confidence we recur to thee, then,, Q gracious saint; and we shall not i be confounded." — ; Converted Catholic. , Father Igbatlus.— This is how a . Philadelphia paper, sdms np Father Ighatins : — " A'Bhrewd dld chep, looking as if he had jusb jnmped ont of -a piotnre frama of- the 16Lh centary, dressed- in - mediee ral garb; > and - - with the oilyipalaven of a Mgr. Oapel, has . been holding- seances in New York to the delectation of cariosity seekers. '.Father Ignatius is the name under whioh thiB o'dd - craft, sails,', hailing, from London, and gives ont: that, his errand- to' Ainefioa is to raise funds for some- sort' of an institntioa- across the Atlantio. We learn that he. is -a great " ' success at raising money. He has the ! roputation of nnctnons piety, and the facility - 1 for getting into the pockets of -benevolent- j ladies and gentlemen. His sncoess in this country will not be phenomenal, judging by the reports of hiB meetings in New York Oity." Spiritism— Spiritualism may be taken as an example of a fanaticism. The imagina tion and superstition of ita adherents are so worked npon, and their ayes and ears are so deceived, that their common sense and their faculty for weighing evidence are paralysed. The world can see this in Mr. "W. T. Stead. He is a man who in many wayB is admirably . fitted for doing saoh a work as the Review of Reviews iB attempting, and although hie mind is naturally that of an advocate rather than that of a judge, his criticisms show that he has mnoh of the judicial faonlty. Bat pat a ghost Btory before . him, and hie judgment is fascinated and helpless, as a bird's power of movement in the presence of a snake. - Ha does not see the weak points in the evidence : -he does not- perctive improbabilities or absurdities. And bo with others.: I lately opened a book by " Miss Florenoe Marry at," as the anthoreBB still continnes.to call herself. In rapport of her belief in Spiritualism she tells how after she had retired to rest one night with a lady medium they were plagued (or rather she, for the medium seemed to be asleeD), by two spirits of the masonline gender— I cannot give them the title J of " gentlemen "—who prooeeded to make a disturbance,' pnll off the bed clothes, tonch her face, and do all kinds of myBterions things. The. way in whioh sha conversed with the snpposed spirits while this was going on Bhows that a clever person may at times be as simple as a child. One gleam ' of common sense oame when she took - one \- precaution : she " ronssd " her supposed " sleeping " companion and tied— not heir . wrists, apparently, but — the sleeves of her nightgown ; as the manifestations continued, she was quite sure that she. had saspepted that lady wronefnllly, althongh she : traced one " spirit- arm " to that sleepy person's back. Of coarse, no good whatever was done or said : daring this absurd affair : none ever is, at all -events, in 999 ont of 1,000 manifestations.'' Tbe Devil — In a slander, ration just decided in Bavaria, evidence was given; on' the part of the defendant, a. Roman Catholic priest, to show that the devil conld enter into a human being and could be exeroised by the clergy. A number of priests were called- to show what was the teaching of the Ohnroh on' the snbjeot, and one of tbe points brought ont. was the declaration that "the Ohnrch could foroe the devil to speak the truth." Character. — Biddy Malone was .in a great fever of excitement .when she landed in America . direct from the " ould . country." Her certificate of character was lost on board ship, and what wonld she be after doing ? To her great happiness and consolation,' Tim Mulligan, her Irish friend/ volunteered; and wrote her the following beautiful recom mendation This is to certify -that Biddy Malone. had a good charaoter .before she left the ' ould connthry,' but lost-it on ship board comin' over.'!— J. M. O. . , Priest Fay.— A Dublin evening paper says— "The Rev. Father Fay, -who is at present in Kilmainham Jail, is in good health and bearing hie imprisPntneiit welli" Thie information was oonveyed to' tba pnblib when the Meath prieBt had b sen scarcely forty-eight hoars, inn jail.. His condition .is nottobe wondered at, seeing, that, he is allowed to wear his own cletheB, to say Mass ocoasionally, to reaeive books and . papers, and one dqily visit, as well as to obtain, hie food and other necessaries from ontBide the prison.' If this sort of thing goes on we will be finding the , plank bed-being replaced by spring -mattressea j and eleotrio bells and telephones fixed np for i the benefit of the prisoners. , 