CHAPTER. VI. THE BOTTOM. RUNG. Both Goethe and Schiller were proinually C]n vincod that art wa no luxury of pie.uure, no mere amusement to uharm the idle, or relax the careworn; but a mighty ioflaenca, serious in its atine, elthough pleasuretbie In its menus; a sister of Keligiou, by whose aid the great world scheme war wrought into reality.—Lewes's Life of (Joclhc Andrew had thought Mr. Pinna's editorial sanctum terribly dingy and inconveDie&t;, but it wab a palace compared to the one into which he was ushered. It was little more than a dirty box With a hole in it, while, owing to the fact that an oil stove, the only means of warm ing the box, was in a bad condition, the smell of paraffin was 6imply abominable. Cer tainly the glories of literature did not seem glorious at present. The man in the box turned round on Mr. Pinns's entrance, and greeted him fami liarly. "Hulloa, Pinns, what have you gob in my way ?" " Perhaps not muoh, perhaps a great deal," replied Mr. Piuns gravely. "Let me intro duce ycu to this youug gentleman, Mr. Andrew Fairfax." Then, turning to Andrew, he said, "This is Mr. Adolphus Vellum, the editor of a large number of serials for young people." Mr. Adolphus Vellum looked far more like a barman than an editor. He had a face that was largo, red, and florid. He wore a great deal of jewellery that did nob look of a very first-rate order. His shirtfront was dirty, and hisnailB were in a very bad oondition. Still Mr. Adolphus appeared shrewd, and eiidently understood Lis business. He stared at Andrew as though he were not sure about his position. He had the appear ance of a gentleman of means, while bis being there in the company of Mr. Pinns suggested his connection with the lower walks of literature. So, before committing himself by either speaking in a friendly or in an editorial way, he asked Mr. Pinns what he oould do for Mr. Fairfax? "This young man has been unfortunate," said Mr. Pinns. Mr. Adolphus Vellum knew how to treat Andrew then. " Ah, I s'pose so," he said. " Don't mistake me," 6aid Mr. Pinns, while Andrew writhed. " He has been brought up as a rich man's son. Tho man whom he be lieved to be his near relation died, and he has been thrown on to the world." "Well, what for "that?" asked Mr. Adol phus Vellum, looking at Andrew from head to foot. ' 'H: "I have taken;bun on my staff," said Mr. Pinns," with dignity, "and I have brought him to you, as I know he could be of service to you." " That be blowed 1" said Mr. Vellum, with polite emphasis, "If he's what voii say be is, what use ib he to me ? I want no greenhornB here." Had Andrew been alone he would have walkedout and left Mr. Adolphus Vellum in possession of. his box with all its literary dignity; but Mr. Pinns gave him alookwhioh decided him to remain. "Mr. Fairfax has great literary teste, greet literary ability. He is a soholar—a University man in fact, and perfectly aoquainted with French and German." As Mr. Pinns gave this little epeeoh, he looked vastly important, and waved his hand as though he were doing Mr. Adolphus Vellum a great honour. Indeed, he made an impression on that gentleman, who began to unbend a little. "And what can I do for Mr. Fairfax?" he said with editorial dignity. " He wishes to enter the field of literature as a profession," said Mr. Pinns. " He wishes to rival Thackeray, Fiokens, and Dumasj so I've brought him to you." All this time Andrew had nob spoken. At first be was indignant and disappointed, but he became interested and amused. Mr. Vellum turned to Andrew. "Of oourseyou will understand," he said, ' that the author is born, and not made. If you wish to take a position in literature it mast be by steady perseverance. 1 myself," and he swelled with dignity, " have had to win my spurs. I began as a—printer's devil, in fact, and now I'm—well, Pinns knows what X am," and he looked proudly around his box. "I have brought Mr. Fairfax to you, Vellum"—and Mr. Finns became somewhat brusque; tbat is, he lost for a moment his editorial diguity — " because I knew that you—you would on my recommendation give what he might send to you a—a—a fair reading." " Yes; oh, yes," said Mr. Vellum, with im portance. " You must know," turning to Andrew again, " that editors in such a large way as I am," and he looked oomplacently around his box, "can't waste time in - reading the stuff of men unknown to literature. As a rule we must have men of ncte. Why, think of the men who write for us ? There's \Vilkins and Lowkins, and many more equally re nowned . Of uourse I made their fortunes, but we are always honourable, and stick to old contributors. Our readers are on the lookout for welt-known writers, so I can assure you that you are vory fortuuate in getting Pinns to recommend you. Otherwise I couldn't think of granting yon such an interview as this." Even to Andrew the dirty hex with a hole in it began to grew in importance. "1 am sure it is very kind of you, eaid Andrew. "Might I ask what Mr. Wilkius , and Mr. Lewkins wrote ?" "What! did you never hear of Wilkins, j author of T/ic Battle with the Ghost, or of j Lewkins, author of Three Spring-heeled Jacks? Why, man, where have you lived?" Well, I've lived among textbooks a good deal," said Andrew, "and so I am not conver sant with current literature." " I should think you must have lived out of the world," said Mr. Vellum. "Why, we've sold thousands of oopies of The Battle with the Ghost." " It's a striking title," Baid Andrew. Might I ask what it's published at ?" " We publish everything at a uniform price," said Mr. Vellum. " Weohargea penny for everything." Andrew eaid nothing, but he could nob help smiling. " Might I ask your rate of payment?" he said. "Home pays a uniform price for every thing," said Mr. Adolphus Vellum, with dignity ; we doesn't." Hia grammar was de fective at times, and although I have not inserted them, his conversation was often garnished with peculiar epithets. " There are some," he went od, "as always pays sixpence a page, but wo," tapping his breast, "nlways recognise ability and experience, and are willing to pay for it. We begin at fourpence a page, aDd we've gone as high as eightpenoe ha'p'ny. Of uourse that's very seldom, but we've done it." " How many words in a page?" " Three hundred as near as a toucher." "So if you accepted anything from me, you | would begin by giving me fourpence ?" " That's it. Of course, to get on is thegroat thing. Many authors is glad to write for | nothing at first; but, as I say, we pay four pence. Then we can always command a sale, so W9 place a man before the publio im- I mediately. When we put our name on the title-page of a book tns publio knows it's good." Andrew did not dare to ask what name, as such ignorance would be unpardonable. "Then," went on Mr. Adolphus Vellum, (awe translates from the French. For that we | "so pay well." " Might I ask how much?" "Well, there, it's a case of reckoning scho larship against genius. Of course genius is rare, so for that matter is scholarship. So we put one against the other, in this manner. We reckon scholarship as about equal to high-class ability ; but not up to genius. As I said, for right-down genius we've paid as much as eight pence-ha'p'ny a page, but for high-class ability we pays sixpence a page; so we also pays sixpence a page fot translations." " And if I should write something for you, of what nature should it be?" " Plenty of action. Fightin* and robbin', and midnight meetin'e, and like that. Bead the police news a goodish bit; and look here, you can take back some things as a sample of I what we publish," whereupon Mr. Adolphus Vellum opened a cupboard that was placed on the side of the box, from which he took half a dozen penny books, the covers of whiob were embellished with pictures of a very startling nature. " This is the kind of thing we do," continued Mr. Vellum, "and ^t's theonly thing as goes right well. Of coursB I can't promise to take what you write offhand, and, as I said, X shouldn't have looked at anything but for such a reoommendation as Pmns's. But if you can bring me something slashing—Well, we're good for fourpenco a page, a page meaning three hundred words as near as a touoher. Stay, though ; on Pinns's recommendation I'll give you a French thing to translate. It's a iuioy thing, and we'll pay sixpence for that if it s well done." " But supposo T were to give my whole time to writing and translating for you, how miioh could I make?" asked Andrew. "Well, that just depends upon the quick ness of your working. Some men can and do write as many as twenty pages a day. That at fourpence a page comes to six and eight pence, which means a matter of two pounds a week. Of course, when you can oommaud the top price, the income iB—is—is princely." And -Mr. Vellum looked like a merchant prince who contemplated endowing a hospital; nay, rather, he looked like a member of a Board of Guardians, promising some poor out door-relief woman a matter of sixpence a week raoro on account of continued sioknees. ' Androw left soon after, and went back to his denl with; a weary heart. Mr. Pinns accom panied him aipart of.the way, and assured him that Mr. Vellum would doubtless aooep't his | stories if he put sufficient blood-curdling ex citement into them. "Goodness knows I have work enough at last," thought the young man. " What with collecting hews for Mr. Pinna's paper, review ing his .books; • and writing for Mr. Adolphus Vellum, I have my. hands full." And he laughed almost bitterly. He eat "down before his Bmoky fire and began to think. It was a dreary prospeot that lay before him. He, educated as a gentleman, obliged to work for man like Mr. Adolphus Vellum in order to get -bread 1 Surely, eurely be could do something else 1 He thought of his experiences m trying to get work, and be could see not a partiole of hope in that quarter. Then his mind went back to the old lite, and he thought of h e old friende, "Ho, no," he said bitterly setting bis teeth, " I will rather -starve than have anything to do with them, besides, 1 should go mad now to be dependent on any one for my bread. I'll face the matter fairly. I'm a working farmer's son. I have no aristocratic blood m tny veins. All my ancestors worked among the fields for a bare living. It was by pure accident 1 got lifted into another sphere of life. I had no right to it; 1 never did anything for it. 1 am aplebian. Still, 1 have enough of my fore fathers', honesty and pride in me not to be dependent on, orepongeon, any one. 1 have baude and brains, and i can work. It is no use for me to go hungering after the old life, it oan never be mine until I have earned it." Again he set before bis mind the employ ment he had obtained. Gathering one column of news a week, for which he was to receive five shillings! An occasional review of eome cheap book by an unknovvu publisher, which might bring him half-acrown extra. In addition to this there was "penny dreadful' work for Mr. Adolphns Vellum. He had heard of the "penny dreadful" literature before, but ho never knew what it meant until now, and the thought that he was to engage in it was almost sickening. I'll see what this Frenoh thing is like," he said; and accordingly he proceeded to read it. It belonged to one of the worst phases of French literature. It was writen to oatch the eye of the French youth. It made heroes of burglars, thieves, piokpockets, and blacklegs. It hid their vileness by a coat of bravado and physical courage, while for heroines, music-hall I favourites, and the like, lost to purity, but etill made attractive to evil minds,, were chosen. It was the ditohwater of literature, calculated to poison, to ruin the lads and girls who might read it. And yet it was the work j of an educated man. Itboretlie6tampof culture. j It revealed the writer's intimacy with the classics ; it pointed out ou every page that be was a man of power. j Andrew flung it from him. "No, no," he said, "I will never translate j such poison as this. I'll never disgrace my | pen by tracing such things on paper. I'll starvo first." And this was literature—this was the work | he had adopted. " No," he cried, " I won't do it. I'll try to get work again. I'll emigrate first. I've got enough money to take me to one of the oolomes, and there I'll get work as a farmer. I shall quiokly pick it up, and be able to earn an honest living that way." He sat down at the little table and began to j write— "l>EAn Mb. Pikns— "I have decided alter all not to iaccept the I post you kndly offer me as a member of your staff." ! He wrote so far and stopped. The words j refused to come freely, and he bit his pen holder fiercely. He forced himself to write ■ again, however. I I have oome to the conclusion that I am not suited for a literary life, and so have j abandoned the idea of becoming ' Again he stopped and looked round the room. He thought some one was there speak ing to him; but it was quite empty, and be tried to write again. In vain, however. It j seemed as though words were ringing in his ears, telling him his duty. " I oan't do it," he said as if in answer, while the response to him was, " You must be an author. It is your vocation in life, and it is at your peril that you fail in your work." He threw down his pen, and again the pioture of an ideal literary oareer appeared to him. Then, again, it was an inspired life, expressing the highest and best hopes of the people. For a time hiB eyes were opened, and he saw that an ideal writer should fight for truth and righteousness, oven as Gidecn fought for the Lord long ages ago. He saw him revealing to the world the gaping sores of the time, and offering balms by which they could be cured. He Baw him as a prophet, telling how through purity and love a brighter age should dawn, and a higher life be realized. For a time he was lost to his surroundings, was no longer conscious of the shabby room in whioh ho wrote. He forgot bis inter view with the editor of she " penny dreadful" literature. He seemed to hear far away voices orying for help. He fanoied he saw eager faces with great longings expressed on them, but they did not seem to know what those longiugs were. He saw life downtrodden and weary; he saw men into whoBe eyes the gleam of true hope had never come. But above all came the feeling that he must explain their hopes, that he must tell the glad news whereby they might know the meaning of life. I hare but dimly and poorly portrayed this I part of my friend's life. He never cared to | talk very much about it. It seemed too sacred he Eaid. To him it came as a a vision from God, and he dared not disobey. "I'll stay in London," he said at length; "at any rate, I'll stuv until I feel I ought to I leave. I feel that I have another life than interest. I muet do my d uty." He threw aside the filthy French novel. " I cannot translate it," he said ; "but I'll write stories for boys that shall be worthy their reading. I'll make them interesting and exciting; but I'll make them true and manly, too. I'll not preach, but I'll try and lead them to love parity, truth, and nobleness." After that his mind became settled. He put away the letter he had began writing to Mr. Pinns, and started to work ont a plot of a story for which Mr. Adolphus Vellum, editor of the "penny dreadful" series, had agreed to pay him the magnificent sum of.fourpenoe a page. 