ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1893. THE SEPARATION SITUATION. Since the last discussion in the Legis- lative Assembly, ¡ind the oracular declaration following-tliat tho ghost of Separat iou had been laid for many years to come-little lias been heard, or done, in connection with the movement which hulked so large at the lime of the general election. Our legislative repre- sentatives are silent regarding it, and ouv Separation League is apparently watching the course of events. Whether communications have passed between them and the London Committee, of particular signilicanee, has not trans- pired, but it is evident the Premier is intent upon having thc agitation settled lo suit his own ¡dens. The determina- tion of the advocates of Separation in this division, oft and openly avowed, lias been Unit, should justice be denied them by the Queensland Parliament and Government, an appeal should be taken to tho Imperial Government. Indeed, it wits indicated to them, upon the occasion of the lust interview of their repräsentatives with thc Colonial Secretary, this was the course they should follow. Sir Thomas Mcilwraith is fully aware of this, and, in tim com- munication hu has had prepared for transmission to the Secretary for the Colonies, he endeavours to anticipate the appeal of the Separationists. He has ¡dealt with the demand for Northern .Separation for the obvious reason that if it is refused then- will be little fear of Sepuration being granted to Central Queensland. Upon the grounds on which he declares there is a change of public sentiment on thc -jucstion, we make no comment. They do not appear to us to be weighty or well founded. In drawing inferences from events which have recently occurred in the North, the Hon. the Premier is, we suspect, guided more by his feelings than his judgment. Any mistake lie muy make in tin's matter may be remedied by the Secretary for tlic Colonies, who is no doubt able to draw conclusions, and form opinions upon well ascertained and indisputable facts. With regard to the state of opinion in tho Central Division, there is no evidence of change. At the general election all the members re- turned were pledged to vote for Separa- tion with the exception of Mr. Corfield, and he is claimed by the Premier as a Northern member. They have all re- deemed their pledges as occasion offered, and, as far as can bc judged, possess the confidence of those by whom they were returned. There has been no patent evidence of change of opinion. Hostility to the Labour members exists in mnny quarters, and were an appeal made to the electors, some of them might bc superseded, but that any of them could be. ousted by candidates opposed to Separation is very questionable. There is no immediate prospect of public opinion being tested by an election, and till it is there is no ground for stating any change in it has taken place since Parliament met. It would be well for all parties that any doubts upon the subject should be removed from the ininds of those who think the ghost of Separation has been laid. At present, i thc most direct and easiest way for the ! Ciovernment to get at the truth of the ; matter, would be for the Premier or I some other important member of the Ministry to visit the division. In all probability the session of Parliament will close in a few days ; Ministers will ¡lie relieved from attendance at the 'House; thc weather is still tine for travelling in Central Queensland : and in many ways a trip to Rockhampton and thence out west would do one or other of them good. Sir S. W. Grillith's trip to the North convinced him of the realit y of the demand for coloured labour, and of Hie necessity for it. Stubborn facts encountered in Iiis tour were too strong to lie disputed. He could not doubt tlie evidence of Iiis own senses. Now, it lias been declared that the movement for Separation in Central Queensland is a one man affair, that its impulse proceeds from individual insis- tence »nd personal motives. State- ments of that kind, made in Brisbane, may pass current, «nd be a:cepted ns well-founded, and all the more readily that proof to the contrary may not be so easily furnished. They may be met by denials, but, with prejudiced people, these will not suffice. To ascertain the true state of affairs, the width and depth of the genuine sentiment of the people of the Central lîivision on the subject of Separat ion, one must go about among them, and hear what they have to sny. On their behalf it has been, declared that they ure desirous of obtaining political independence. This has been denied them by the Colonial Government. While there is no evidence of a chance of opinion on the subject of Separation in the Central Division, it does not follow such a thing has not taken place. Some, we know, who are in favour of Separation, thinkN thc time inopportune : and would much rather see the energies and will of the people unanimously directed to the development o£ the material resources of the country, than divided and diverted in agituting for Separation. The recent discussion in Parliament has given rise lo the apprehension that some other than the tri-partile division we have been accustomed to discuss may be resolved upon ; and thal in the disruption thc interests of the Cen- tral Division may suffer. This may give rise to the question whether it would not bc better to wait for Federation before contending further for Separation. On a matter of this kind Ministers should »eek such assurance as to the real opinions of the people as may be within their reach. They have doubted the sentiments of the electors generally, by contending that the movement for Separation is wholly a Rockhampton inspiration. As has been repeatedly pointed out, it had to begin somewhere, but that the views of Rockhampton were approved and appropriated by the other constituencies, the results at the general election tes- tify. There are two substantial reasons why the Government should send a member to the Central Division ; the lirst is to ascertain whether the desire for Separation has in any way changed ; and whether it is not entertained by the bulk of the people. It is due to the people whose affairs they administer ; it is a duty they owe the Imperial Govern- ment, and thc inhabitants of this divi- sion, that they should make some careful efforts to discover the real views of the inhabitants. Should they refrain from doing so, then the Separation is ts may boldly tell the Secretary for the Colonies that the people of Central Queensland arc unanimously in favour of Separation. Tuc candid critic of Australian progress might find some pleasure in contrasting the jubilation of thc Kew South Wales I'remier oi'cr floating u four per cent loan at au average gross price of £100 12s. with thc fuct that four years ago the four per cent stock of that colony was quoted in Loudon ut £110. No doubt, us Lord Beaconsfield once remarked when confronted with some such awkward fact as this, " many thiqgs have happened since then." Wc have bad thc Baring crisis, several New South Wales loans, and the Australian crisis, and the price no»' obtuined may bc the product of all tin cc. For thc first of these New South Wales was in no wuy responsible, and for the last she shares thc responsibility with all the other colonies. But while these facts may modify thc feeling of regret and of self* accusation nt the greatly reduced value of her stock, dot hey supply an adequate warrant for Sir George Dibbs's jubilation: The daring spirit of thc Premier of New South Wales must have been sorely chastened when it can experience such a sense of elation at thc result of this loan. For thc loan be it remembered is no short dated accom- modation ; it has a currency of forty years, while thc mau who said publicly that thu financial cloud which at present j hangs over Australia will not have passed away in forty months would bc called a hope- less pessimist. Queensland stock has never I ranked ns high as that of New South Wales, and yet it is not so long aro that Queensland I sold u :H per cent loan at £08. She could not do it now : but she certainly expects to be able to do it again, and perhaps do better than that, long before forty years. Capital is accumulating faster titan thc world can usc it, and its value, as shown by tho per- centage paid for its use, is steadily falling. Unless some appalling war breaks out, this fall is not likely to be checked. Sir George Dibbs has declared that the Government have secured a much better remit by fixing the rate at four per cent than if they had stood by .'U per cent. But that is a statement which depends wholly on the price at which thc eolouy could have sold a 31 per cent loan, and obviously no one eau suy with certainty what figure such a luau would have brought. One thing seems fairly certain, that 'Sir George Dibbs and bis colleagues cannot be charged with taking a wildly sanguine view of the mother colony's position, when they force it to pay four per cent for thc next forty years for s loan which will net something like £1 under par. 