CHAI'TEK XXVIII. THE CHOST. ti Hu.i scream !«) {tiurcing and horrible it scarcely denied human, the wretch staggered upon his feet, anT darling maniac glances from side to »ide for a moment, plungpd tuadong through the midst of the hrjf p.iralyscd group between him ami the door and disappeared. Sibyl turned upon Mm Turfit. a dan gerous light in her beautiful, dashing eyes. The woman was staring with wildly dilating eyes after Jasper. They were all staring with looks of won der, horror and bewilderment. Sibyl's beautiful white fuce turned upon them. She extended to them her little, shaking hands. Do you call that thing in the shape of a man Kmrick i’riuce she asked, in low, intense tones. There was dead lilence. Even Mrs Turiit loosed stuuued. lie be mightily changed, Miss Sibyl—ha be for sure,'' James Itccsc said at last, -baking his gruy head gloomily. “And we be all mighty sorry for you and him. Hut then you Know, mistress, that don't make nun somebody else. He be .Mister Keuiick lor all." Sibyl's hands fell ; her head drooped despairing'y. Jli-a tiarr went to her. Lucy Venner has gone away.” she whis pered. 1 assed one of the girls, and she sai l she had gjue for good. Hut I duu'l be lieve that. Da you suppose any one else w-jld late to interfere if we tried to leave Mrs 1'urht would, she hates me so ; and 1 don't believe James Heese would let me go. The poor oid man really believes 1 have lost my mind." " We mignt try." “ \ es. Hut at the tirst movement, Mrs Turiit fayed them with belligerent looks. " Excuse me, ladies, but I can't let you out of tins room without Mr Prince’s ordeis. Mrs Prince, any way. Ask J .mes Keese." I wouldn’t go if l was you, lliss Sibyl," the old gardener said, persuasively. Sibyl laid her little, while hand upon his " You wouldn't try to hinder me, James / ' she said, gently. “ Even if I am insane, as vou think. You know it is only on one * •' 1 eo.ildu’t dare to risk it," he said, sorrowfully. " It might be twenty poiuts before morning. You might be a raving maniac. It ain't lining for a la.iy to go out ov herself at this time of the night, any "Miss Garr would be with mo. You don’t call her insame Z ” I don’t know anything about her. Our orders are about you! Don't tease the old tuan now." Mrs Turiit thought it was about tiuie to put in her oar again. " I'll trouble you for the keys to these rooms, M.iss Garr," she said, with extraor dinary insolence of look and tone. " Will you take them nor, or wait till you can get them't " retorted l’rudence, coolly. You had bettor give them up. You have no business with them, anyhow. 1 suppose you stole them from Mr I’riuce," the housekeeper said, glaring at her. Sibyl drew her back a little and spoke low. You see liow it is." she said. " There is only one tiling can be done. 1 think they would neither of them try to prevent vour going. No one would interfere with you to-night, but that wretch whom we believed to be Halsey won’t let you go by to-morrow." I won't leave you and that is Hat! ” declared Prudence, emphatically. " Yes, you will. I will tell you why, and it is the only hope. You can And Captain Dunning and tell him about Kick Halsey.” “ Do you think he would believe me ? " Prudence exclaimed, with a startled air. " It is such a queer story and we can't prove anything The very servants here would contradict us. I'm afraid, my dear, I should only get called crazy, too." •* No : that man Dunuiug was too anxiou to get hold of llalsev. 1 could see that, i believe you could get him to come here and see this man.” 1 can try. anyhow, and I'm willing," "rudcnc” said, with some excitement. " Hut I don't like leaving you alone here at the mercy of that drinking villain." “ I'm not afraid of him—at least nut much. 1 believe he is more afraid of tnc than I am of him. At any rate, it is the only chance, Prudence. Everything is against us here, 1 believe they mean to put me iu an insane asylum if I don’t give up an 1 own that wretcli for my husband, an : they will put you there with me if you don't look out. Wait a minute now and let mu speak to Mrs Turiit." She turne I to the housekeeper. ••Miss Garr wishes to go away. If she gives you the keys, and I agree to remain us I am for the present, will you see that a car riage takes her at once to Hampton Station to meet the midnight express train ?" Mrs Turtit promised eagerly. She knew Jasper hated Miss Garr. and she had heard him say many times that he wished he could get rid of her—not very lately, however— no: since he had discovered that Prudence suspected he was Kick Halsey. James was despatched to see that the pro mised carriage was made ready. Miss Garr, with a solemn and important air. drew Sybil into the adjoining room. •• Here is something I am going to give you, the old lady said, with tears in her eyes, and a quiver in her voice. " I hope you wou't need it, but you may." '■ The something " was a small pistol, queer looking, which Prudence took out from some place of concealment. It don't look much," she said, as Sybil smiled, " but it will shoot—and it is loaded Sibyl kissed it, and kissed Miss Garr as she to ik it, and thanked her with emotion. Now you use it if you need, and don’t be afraid. It will shoot enough for Mr Hick Halsey, I guess. He’s a coward, anyhow, said Miss Garr. James came presently to say the carriage was ready. Sibyl turned white as death and dung to Miss Garr passionately. “ Hemember," she said, “ that you leave me alone among hitter enemies ; that you are the only friend l have in the world to help me. You won't forsake me under any circumstances, will you P udence “ l will never forsake you ! 1 will stand by you and work for your help as long as 1 can draw breath I" Prudence declared, be tween sobs. " And if you come back aud I am not here —it no one can or will tell you where I am —you will still keep searching till you find me, won’t you Z" I will—l will !” Miss Garr gave the much-contested keys to 8ibyl “Keep them yourself till James comes and tells you I have started," she said. " Mr Kick Halsey may try to stop me at tho last moment.” Mrs Turfit tossed her heal and looked volumes of insolence, but she made no ob jection in words, only hade her assistants come and stand with her against the door for fear the crazy woman should try to break Sibyl gave no heed to her impertinenco, only watched anxiously and with beating | heart lor James' return. 1 (To b« oontin\u&). I 