ROCKHAMPTON THURSDAY, APRIL 6, 1893. A CUSTOMS UNION. There is not much of the poetry of war in the true saying that an army ' moves on its belly, and the fervid elo- quence which bursts forth at the men- tion of Federation is cruelly dashed by the frequent remark, that the whole question is wrapped up in the Customs tariff. .Yet the remark, is true. Tf the question of'the taritT could be settled all other obstacles would soon be overcome ; or, put another way, if a Customs union were established, such alnKe dividend of the sum of the advantages which Federation will yield would be paid, that few would care when the bagatelle outstanding was received. At the recent dinner in Melbourne to the representatives to the Federal Council, it was confessed that until this matter of the Customs tariff were settled, there would be little hope of Federation being accomplished. Mr. Service's phrase that the Customs tariff was the lion in the path of Federation has become historical, but what has yet to be discovered is a means of slaying, muzzling, or otherwise making power- less this dread enemy. Customs tariff is a euphemism for protection, which is the trueencmy of Australian Federation, Were free trade the law in all the colo- nies no difficulty would be experienced. But the reverse of that is the fact. All the colonies to a greater or less extent ( look with such horror and loathing on each other's products, that by every device known to their rulers they try to exclude them. If the colonies were deadly enemies of each ' other, carrying on a war of exter- mination, in which all the ruth lessness of the savage were practised, then it could be understood why South Australia shuts out Victorian cabbages as if they had been deliberately poisoned, and Queensland blocks New v South Wales boots as if each one was charged with some deadly infection. But we are* not savages, nor are we enemies; we are one people with one destiny, according to Sir Henry Parkes, and under the teaching of protection we - show this by doing all in our power to injure each other. We will not buy from one another if we can help it, for we are protectionists. If Queensland buys from Victoria she suffers an in- dignity, descends to a level not much above that of the pauper who accepts alms, and the patriotic soul of the pro- tectionist, roused to hot shame at this > degradation of his colony, rushes to her aid with a tariff which makes it impos- sible for Queensland to supply herself again from Victoria. And Victoria does the same against New South Wales, and South Australia against Victoria, and so we struggle for a position where all arc eager to sell to each other and not one able to buy. When this point has : been reached the protectionist will be in the heavenly position of n man who has accomplished his ideal-he will by putting his theories in full practice have . developed Australian industries and built up Australian commerce to that perfect point where trade between the different parts of Australia will be impossible. But, however much the protectionist might rejoice at this triumph of his teaching, the advocate of Federation sees in it the death knell of all his hopes. A federation through which there did not course the vitalising currents of mutual and unrestricted trade, would be a political corpse, and even to secure the triumpli of pro- tection the patriotic colonist is not prepared to sec Australia reduced to that condition. Federation without frcctrade throughout Australia is impossible. ' But freetrade throughout Australia might be obtained without Federation. And this is to be attempted. Thc politicians have been trying to ngrec upon Federation, and they have failed. In this Colony and in New .South Wales tile Bill framed in Sydney lias not even been discussed in Parliament ; and in the general election lo take place within a mouth, it is certain Federation will occupy a very subordi- nate position. Nor is there the slightest appearance of any return of interest in the question. Believing the politicians to have failed, the merchants are now making an attempt, to secure for Australians commercial Federation, which as we have said, is by far the larger part of the whole boon Federation would grant. The Melbourne Chamber of Commerce took the initiative, and summoned a con- ference on the question to which repre- sentatives from all thc leading political and commercial societies were invited. The unanimity of opinion was remark- able, considering the opposite quarters from which the members of the con- ference came. The only member who stood out was the representative of the Trades Council, and he did not carry his opposition beyond the point of de- clining to vote for the resolution which after a couple of sittings was agreed to without dissent. It ran :-" That in the opinion of this conference the time Nias arrived when a united effort should be made to procure free trade between the Australian colonies by means of a Customs union, with a uniform tariff > based upon the present existing tariffs of the various colonies." The resolution, it will be seen, is neither distinctively free trade nor protective. It provides for freetrade between the colonies, and for protection outside of them. Neither party achieves a complete victory, but the freetrader makes a great gain. He captures Australia so far as its internal trade, and he is in no worse position than he is now for freeing the over-sea'trade. The protectionist, on the other hand, loses all the internal trade of Australia, and hos to fight as . hard a battle as ever to keep out the deep-sea goods. But while the advan- tage is with the freetrader, it is likely to lie some time before he will be able to reap it. The protectionist will not give up the position he has gained without a struggle. The farmers of the Darling Downs in this colony are not likely to consent to the farmers of the Hunter being put on the same level as them- selves in the struggle for the trade of Central Queensland. They wÍ6h the advantage which thc tariff gives them, and they are likely to be successful for a time. So also with the other colonies. But thc new- move- ment puts the issue clearly. It proposes to give to Australians one of the greatest advantages of national life-thc right of every man to go from one end of the land to the other buying and selling without anyone daring to challenge him. Protection will oppose this new move- ment, as it has for a time brought to naught the one started three years' ago. But it will be made conspicuous that in this it is trying to keep Australia asunder for selfish purposes, that its theories and teaching lead to diversion instead of unity, and to strife instead of peace. The advantage of a Customs union is obvious, and this will be no small help to its advocates, who have also the notable fact at their command dint a Customs union bas been estab- lished in South Africa, with immense advantage to the country. Thin is a utilitarian age, and it is long since the light and heat of the sun, and the motion of the tides, and unseen forces of nature, have been laid under contribution to the service of mankind. With feelings akin to horror it must have been observed tlutt even the spirits of the departed are not now permitted to enjoy that longed-for rest, to which their wanderings in this vale of tears were supposed to have entitled them. By what occult meanB the shades of our ancestors are called upon to hold intercourse with their imper- tinent descendants is beyond our ken ; but, in the opinion of many people, sane enough upon material subjects, that such are available is not to be doubted. Indeed, it is becoming difficult to fancy all the facts they base their belief on. We wonder if Shakespeare, when he called from the unseen abode of spirits the ghost of Hamlet's father, ever dreamt that lie himself would revisit the glimpses of the moon. Notwithstanding bis transcendent Í;enius, we cannot think that even he could magine his spirit would be at the cull of some living man towards the close of thc nineteenth century. Yet this is the startling intelligence which comes to ns from spiritualistic circles. Pegasus in harness is but a light affair com- pared with the immortal Bard of Avon, in his nighty spirit, turning up to the order of u modern Faustus. Whether the disembodied asmus will be equal to that whose lofty thoughts live and breathe in the volumes in cur libraries remains to be seen. We do not cnticipate it will, and thus the gross «Hence of bringing Shakespeare into contempt viii make thc daring spiritualists deserving of the highest public reprobation. 