I Hp; MR. WALTER BENTLEY. $$$ HAMLET, \ euccoas that el tended Mr. Walter > sBBCcy during hla Btny in Brlrbaoo wns as \- ffiBylally I'xhlbUcd ia Gympio nnd Mary- SKoush. In the laMor (own on Monday t fflEnkht ho coneludPti h'B preaont Bliort BCHBon — -m&eot; tbo most sii cestui ever hold thr ro— m\ich enthuRfnn. After tho porforin- 'iwce ho whb cordially enicitilncd hy tho :<®Bkyor,and pevcrnl otl orRontlcmen, nnd pro- SnBed torclurn tlierc ou Sa'.urdny next, to -ipcnr ,n mfc superb modem drama tho i;;S8®Iver King. .... vfflMAlong with tho numcrmis mumhers of Iiir sgSKmnanr. he arrived in nundnberg hy train |Kstorday forenoon. He was met ou liio tfgS&Krivnl; by Mr. R. M'Mannio, picsident, Geo. treasurer, nnd other members of. the nilgravo Caledonian Association. gggB'Bt'foro an audienco suoh os is raroly Srought togother in Bundaberg, Mr. Bcntloy fcSBppcnred in the Queen' Theatio last night, pwafelin piece chorco. for representation was ShakeBpearo a immortal Hamlcl, and from tho Kftentive hearing accorded his delineation of Mhe Royal Daho thoro was every evidenob of pearty appreciation. Since Mr. Bontloy's Srrival in tho colony, nnd sinco the press Save from day todriy spoken of his ma torly llcrfatility, anticipation of a great ideal has dgSiecn raised, and Mr. Bcntlcy's Havilct last |9Svening in no way belied tbo expectations of him. Cotnmodioue and complete Mm'ough the stage of the Queen's Theatre may jpage — and perhaps thero is none tnoro so in tho Erdvincce— tho ' llttlo". inconvcnionoea in-; %Hdental to tho staging of such a heavy Bieco as ' Hamlet ' wcro altogether nn- i&fgibticcd; in thd rdpt attention concentrated t bin nlny.- His rendering of HamUt testi- V,|ays jo pkoldngcdT careful study, and though. ViEero abd there wo' find a new departure in .ifialinpharisc, his reading is distinctivo and jmhiquA "Never descending from manly ; j&sgoldness; to tho fmy uf rant, from pympathotio Tafenderne'sa to mawkish weakness, his humors jpif iifc-liko nnd real, and for the time wc ad if wo nro contemporaries in the .»tfnn'ge scenes ho is depicting. Perhaps one >Siiiis excelling features is the dccp-thoughted EKhturalnes's of his soliloquies into which lie gasyDparts' that vigour wbioh never allows to descend to dreary monologuo. Tho ffi|orce. displayed in tho ghost scene; and again Ea the econo with hismother, was exceedingly, jntriking and won for him hcarly recalls. In 9gKhe latter the audieneo were spoil-bound. iUHAnotber carefully/ cnaoted scene was the KHtaterview with ' Ophelia, and- equally' Hb'o was his treatment of the piny 9|ncene. The flashing eye, tho facial gesfcicula- flHtions and the penetrating eagerness dis- Mgplaycd while vvatobing the iCiog and Queen, aBrol owed by the terrible outburst of rage with. jSBwhich be btcakB up the festive occasion were nBwafmy endorsed by the audienne. No less EHimprersed wcro his hearers with tho revercn- SBtiol feoliog that imbued his converse with Htho spirit of his father.. Speoially effective Hswas the : last Bcone, where Horatio receives BKfcis last messages— ' Ob. Good Horatio, what a woundod namo, jHf,: Thbga standiag thus unknown, shall Uvo behind If thou didst over hold mo ia thy heart Absent thco from feliolty awhilo \- And In thlsbanh world draw ttijr breath In pain ®0 tell my story— O, I die, Horatio t / Tho potent poison qiiito o'erorows my spirit, f. Tho rest la silence/' ' And the ourtain fell amidst enthusiastic applause.1 which again brougbt Mr. Bontley to the front to bow his acknowledgments. Such 'as 'Mr. Bcntloy wo rarely see, and 4is appearancQ in Bnndaberg os Hamlet will 'he long remembered. Next In importance ito Mh ilentley in the score 'of ability came Ophelia, and Mits Vivicnnes impereonation, >weak at Hi st, won genuine plaudit?, especially In the "mad scene." Miss Lawrence, as tho rQaeeDi', waa capably rendered and waa in harmony with Mr E. B. RussoU's portrayal vof j the . King. Effective in voice and demeanour waa Mr. M. Majeroni as the "ghost."' Mr. Seaton as Horatio would improve himslf by imparting more force to hie part. . Poloniua waa in good bands with 'Mr. L. M'Gowao, as was Laertes with Mr. H. 'Roberts. The other parts— the players, grave-diggers, RosencrantB, Gildcnstern, Ao.— were croditably acquitted. A pleasing £moothneE8cliaracteriaedtheplay throughout ijand the dresses, properties, &c;, were in strict conformity with tbopiece. An efficient -orchestra filled in tho intervals with good | 'effect. __ Mr. fientley cannot fall to be pleased /with the xecoption accorded him on his fiiet .nppearanee in Bundaberg. Before dispers ing, tbo announcement was made by Mr. : Bectley's manager that tbo prices had been ;.rearratjgned, particulars of which will be jfound in another column. To-night Qarrick L'and Gra'mond Rrty -will bo staged, to-moirow -JLichelieu, and oh Friday Rob Roy. Lovers of ;genuine theatricals — and there are many in ithis'commumty— should not fail to make the moat of Mr. .Bentley'a season amongst us, One of the chief causes of Queensland's r present depresaion is, says a correspondent in tho Coiirter— the absonoo of manufaotures. It \- is certainly a startling revelation to us that £ whilst New Zealand has no less than 2670 / works of varions desoriptiona employing noarly i 30,000 hands, wo can count our . manufactories i/oii onr fingers. Tho contrast is quite humilia- \- ting, and supplies at a glsnoo one sufficient rc&£on'dt loast for tho present laok of employ- ment omoncrat onr people. But it must be born® in mind that theto New Zealand mann- f faotorles would not bo in oxietonco were it not for tho patriotism of tho masses there, who make it a point to buy the produots of their own country. In this respoot what a strange oontrastdo they offer to the indifforonoo manifested by tho average Qaeenslandor with regard to supporting our own industries. For instance, we have in our midst a woollen ;; manufactory, and ono whioh turns out goodB / of a high class, well finished, honestly mado, and equal in quality and appcaranoo to any thing imported ;; and yet with a perversity V which seems inorcdible, Quoenslanders will not bay them in suitioient quantities to make tho t industry a paying one. Had this manufactory > ' been started in New Zealand, how difforent \ .would havo boon tho result. All 'are agrood % that thointrodaotionof manufacturing indns- i: tries would bo a panacea for many cf onr neode, X hut with eaoh an examnlo boforo thom as the r? one abovo doBoribod, who would invest in any i. vonture wbioh dopondod on tho patriotism of ; QUeeUfllandcra P v At Mackay (says the Telegraph), tho v: " prospeotafor the sugar season aro very good. ;i On somo of the plantations ornshing opera- p . tione haye commenoed, and it is cxpeotod ?«- ; that . the . season's output will be very large. /. . The North Eton Central Mill estimate that j: their output will bo somothing like 2,000 j; tons of sugar, and the Raoecoureo Central / Mill will not be far behiod, The Racecourse /' mill have paid off all tbeir arrears to tbo :/ .Government, and the North Eton mill, out y of. this soason'a operations, will probably not ;B .only pay off arrears, but also have somc- 5/ thing over towards meeting interest and re- demptlon for the curront year as well The usual fortnightly meeting of the Chumber of Commorco is fixed for to-night. We aro asked by the Seoretary to stato that a full meeting is dceircd to considor what Sr." steps should be takon for the immediate dredglog of the river and bar, as well as deal l&v; with the proposal made by the Maryborough ||f/ Chamber of Commerce that a joint di edging plant be scoured for use at tho two poits )$// The proposal, however» : interferes in no way w. wlttl a bepqrate Harbor Trust at eaob porti .r/ ' .Ton . report of the Agent- General of lf :/ Queensland for the year 1802 is to hand. As ammigratiou from the United Kingdom was stopped in Maieh there is little to record under t Lot heading. Particulars aro given of Mr. R-indnU's efforts to induco full-pay ing «mignmts to find their way |to thi- colony! / Wsaro pleased to noto that Iho proceeds oflbo Caledonian ballon Wednesday last are greater . than originally nntioipalud. The amount now totals £71 odd, which, with Gbveinmentendowment, must be of valuable assistance to the Hospital 