AMUSEMENTS. V.R.C. Bijou. ' Capt. Fritz.' Charles Arnold. Gourlay, Walton and Co. 'The Village Priest' to-night. Prosperity at the Alhambra. Changes of bill all round this evening. Tim Hfall,/inrnr. rl*. .* — Byron Moore. Tha Pemians have been engaged by Coppin for the Royal Panto. ' Captain .Fritz,'., which will be pro duced at the 'Bijou to-night, is from the the pen of Henry Hamilton, author of 'Harvest,' 'Our Regiment,' 'Moths' and other popular plays. Mr. Henry Hamilton's new play, -' Cap tain Fritz,' is Baid by the London press to to be above the average of 'star' plays. It contains strong dramatic incidents, bordering on high-class melodrama, which is relieved by rollicking specimens of farcical comedy and catchy songs. Frank Clark, Harry Shine and Harry Hiekards were the fust members of the ' perfesh ' to congratulate the owner o£ Tarcoola ou his good foitune on Tuesday last. Crowded houses all r^und -on the holiday night', with fair business upon the 'oils.' Ilendv smiles at the Royal, wiiilwt to see Dick Keating it reminds one quite of old times. ' Charley's Aunt,' which has been one of the greatest artistic and financial suc cesses London has known for yars, is still being played at the Globe Theatre, London. In August last the management had £6,000 advance booking. It goes up at the Bijou at an early date, with Frank Thornton in the lead. One of the finest ot many fine pro grammes has been offered to patrons of the Alhambra during the past week. Eddie Simpson is stage manager, whilst friend Bryer has 'charge of the front. Miss Florrie Forde, now appearing at the Alhambra, is making rapid strides in her profession. What a Billie Barlow j voice she has ! Did it strike you so ? ' A London critic of Mr. Charles Arnold's j performances in ' Captain Fritz ' says : — i ' The quiet naturalness of Mr. Charles Arnold's acting is so utteily opposed to tbe recognised canons of the regulation actor that the critic is saved the trouble of exercising his art by the fact that he can ! do nothing but admire it.' Mr. W. Cameron, who plays ' Frank Pel ham in 'Skipped,' is none other than a younger brother to Johnny Gourlay, if we mistake not. Prior to his departure for New Zealand some months since, George Walton, one night in the Princess, informed the writer tuat he knew the winner of the Melbourne Cup. He bad it amateur photographed — in his mind. Judging from Walton's countenance after the event on Tuesday last, he was mistaken — very, verj, verv much mistaken. One of (he successes of the Gnmliv Walton Company is Miss K athej ino Hardv, (a pupil of .' iss Adoy Brunei), whose first engagement was a tour through Maoriland with Walter Bent.!ev, playing tiie juvonile le I'd . Miss Hardy recently Droved her versatility by appearing in Opera-Biuffo as 'Queen ' in the late lamented 'three- and-sixpenny' Rimonsen season. Then followed a ' wild troose chase' to fivdne', after which she was offered and accepted an engagement with the present Roysd lessees. In Miss Hardy we rejognise a coming representative Austra'ian actress. The ladies of the ' B. and B.' Company formed a delightful study in pink on the lawn at Flemington cup day, whilst Lalla Miranda did likewise in blue. Miss EvelyD Harte, who plays '? Sarah ' in 'Skipped' (Aggie Kelton's old part), is well known in this district, having recently made her in George Deane's juvenile operatic crew. Evelyn has talent, anyhow. Miss Di B'oustein, a young lady just returned from the ranks of the Marian Willis New Zealand company, will be the recipient of a grand testimonial benefit io tbe ' Alec.' on Monday evening next, when 'The Lady of Lyons' will be staged, with the young nrtisto in the lead. If we mistake not, our journalistic friend Finn has taken the matter in hand, which in itself should guarantee a house crowded to the doors. You may speak of hauutcd houses With a timid, trembling air, With bated breath of spectres you may talk; But though spooks your souls may scare, fitill you never turn a hair, When the merry little 'Ghost' comes out to walk. A really beautiful floral horseshoe with tbe name 'Tarcoola' worked thereon was exhibited on -the morning of the Gup in the window of Ward and Co. the new ' Block ' Florists. It appears that one of tbe lady employees having dreamt that 'Tarcoo'n ' was the Cap winner the previous night, made up the horseshoe purely on apec. It was presented to a leading actress in one of the principal* theatres that evening. A contemporary's theatrical scribe gets off t\ie chain at intervals ; he was let loose last Saturday (Guy Fawke's Day) for instance, and informed .bis readers ' that the local amateur Operatic Society will shortly produce 'Olivette,' a three-act comedy, which has been in active rehearsal under 'the skilful baton of Mr, Chas. Truelove.' The very idea of ' Olivette '* being a three-act comedy is not at all bad, 'bflt_ ft comedy being produced under a sliilfvtl baton is really too. funny, even for the 5' fif th' of November,' 