THE SEAMEN'S STRIKE. WnEN the maritime laborers struck three years ago they were certain that they would compel the employers to consent to their terms. But the sum ten wiio nave just mrown up their employment in obedience to the command of the officers of their union know ' that they have not the ghost of a chance of obtaining a victory. For that reason a large proportion of them voted against a strike, and their wishes should have been treated with more consideration than they received. It was the fear of being regarded as blacklegs that caused the men to come out of the steamers, or to involve themselves in police court troubles by refusing to obey the lawful orders of their commanders, and one can hardly' blame them for being the sub jects of that fear. Public cen sure should not be directed against them for the course they have taken, but against the executive of the Seamen's Union, the members of which have proved that they are not worthy of the confidence that has been placed in tliem. These gentle men had warnings some time ago that if a strike took place not much support would be given 'to the men if they vacated their positions. The Newcastle miners stated that they would not be able to give any, and they are probably the most powerful body of unionists in New South Wales. That warning should not have been ignored. No other influential union expressed the opinion that the time was opportune for a strike, or that the men' were likely to come out on top if they entered into a contest with the shipowners. Now that the strike has occurred efforts are being made to obtain public support by the distribution of circulars containing exaggerated statements re garding the remuneration, proposed to be given to the maritime laborers and the risks which travellers will run if they journey on EteanierB manned by non-union crews. And of course the circulars also contain violent 'attacks on the shipowners. The Trades and Labor Council, for example, has informed the affiliated unions that the new rates of wages for seamen are equal to only 3£d per hour, and that for this pittance the men will be expeoted to toil from 14 to 20 hours per day. This is deliberate misrepre sentation. On all the steamers over time pay is allowed, and this amounts on the average to at least per month for each man. We do not make this statement for the purpose of justifying the action of tho steam ship owners; it is made in the interests of truth. And what is the use of the Council trying to elicit an ex pression of practical sympathy on be half of the strikers by the assertion that in following their occupation the latter have had to pass from the torrid to the frigid zone, and vice versa! Queensland, in the opinion of the Council, is the torrid zone, and South Australia the frigid zone. This is exaggeration with a vengeance, and it is calculated to de feat tho object which tho Council had in view in issuing its circular. Wild and unreasoning are the attacks made upon the employers in this docu ment. Their conduct, it is declared, " would seem to bo almost within the pale of barbarism, thev being firmly convinced that the masses were croated for their especial benefit, but, unlike the slaveholder, they do not believe in the cowhide and resort to physical force to effect their purpose, but have resort to a method which, while making less out cry, is much more effective. Tlioy belicvo in starvation." One of tho thoughts suggested by this reckless charge is that , some at least of the persons who framed and adopted it have no real sympathy with the .maritime laborers; if they hid they would "not have expressed themselves in such a manner. In this land every body enjoys the blessing of freedom, and the unionists enjoy as much of it as any other class. If the effect of the new scale of wages proposed by the shipowners will -be to fill the coffers of those gentlemen with gold, and to impose unjust burdens on the sailors, many people will be of the opinion -that the latter have the remedy in their own hands. They could, with the help of the several unions, run steamers on their own account. On the co operative principle they should be able to make more money at the business than the companies can do. At any rate they could not fail to make a good living — that is to say, they could not if the profits are as large as some of the labor bodies have represented them to be. But no union has suggested the running of steamers " by tho sea men themselves on the co-operative principle. Why? Not because funds could not be raised for tho purchase or chartering of steamers, but because it is well known that tho earnings, after paying the ordinary working expenses, inoluding interest on capital, would not be ' sufficient to give each man more than tho amount of . wages, offered by tho existing steam? ship proprietors. The talk of starving and enslaving people and about the tyranny of capitalists is sheer rubbish. What is the present price of the shares in the steamship companies whose vessols trade along tlio coast of Aus tralia? None of the shares are at par, whilst in many cases they are con siderably below that figure. Does not this mean that the proprietors are not making much money out of their investment. Where, then, does the tyranny come in? It would give us great pleasure if the maritime laborers received twice as much as they have been earning, for when wages are high there is, as a rule, national prosperity; but if shipowners cannot afford to pay high wages what is to be done ? Under the circumstances sailors should do what other workers of all classes have to do when similarly situated, that is, make the best of a bad job. They will have to endure some privation until better times arrive. Before ordering a strike the executive of tho Seamen's Union should have proved that the steamship companies were in such a good financial condition that there was no necessity for reducing wages, but that duty it did not per form. It has done a serious wrong to the men whose interests it should have carefully guarded. 