TSE STORY-TELLER. * A PASSAGE AT ARMS. \--? Man should snroly be classed as rumi- nant, for after abundance he attains the calm satisfaction of that species. My hostess w&s; p.ouiiug tho coffee. Her husband, my old school friend, Robert Danton, was reaching the cigars. We were thoroughly contented, aud with each content often comes reminiscence. " Alice doesn't mind," said Danton, as he lighted a taper. "Itake aftor ray husband, lhen," she laughingly retorted. "He always was perverse, even as a little boy. HÍB mother need te say that after he had buen punish- ed for sauciness he would still co uti mi e to mutter." "The courage of one's convictions ia apt to be tiresome to others. I wonder that you tolerated him, Mrs. Dautou p" ". Like Patrick Henry, I. had rio elec- tion. He claimed me, you know, when we were little children together. So I grew up accustomed to the1 chains of a foregone conclusion. ! " Don't heed her," interrupted Danton. " In me you behold a victim of tho mari- tal inquisition. I have been on its rack so often that I wouldn't feel natural if my joints weren't all twisted and my legs didn't swing the wrong way." ' "" You should both be ashamed to jibe afc your felicity. £t'a hypocritical, like a millionare contoramag his fortune, [iou know that I know that yóu are the only Paul and'Virginia who have conquered fate. In your csse, a| least, the course of ?tran Ipve^neyer swerved." ' ¡ *'Ç\ don't," pleaded myhostess. "There is no rVwanoo ."^ how sleek aud snug stupidity always is. Out of very protection: I-<must teU you that Master* ft jberfconcô fought a duel on my account." : . :<:- *n'.": j "Wríát," I exclaimed;' 'r when your Srents 'Were neighboursand yet remained iends, and all, A rm way had j>rodcted the match froju^he day^youie' jomi bap tumi! Why, ó veu when T was the: eat school everybody-" , ; ' " Hsvo pity, Alice ; reserve your spells for me. You must know, my poor friend, that ehe is about to work a fatal combina- tion against you.;'' It'is economically effective. No ghost ever returns who has once undergone the'ordeal." > "Dotellmef " I will, dépite Sob's childish mutter- ings. I shall tell you the introduction and then, vanish before the smoke, aud he can ' Continue with the sequel. Thus I shall have ail the pleasure of talking and norie of the burden of listening, White you two men can stupefy yooaelf in man's stnpid after- dinner fashion." "Take a fresh cigar and puff vigorously," hrgeduniy host. *' It was, oh, I don't know when," began Mrs. Dautou, "only I was 17, that papa took me -with him ts Europa. For a while we had quite too delightful a timo, doing Italy, Switzerland and the Rhine. We examined miles of little Samuels and Hely Families. We climb »d dizzy towers and'thea wo came down again. We groped through slimy dungeons and theu went up again. We 'saw men and things, most of the former being the latter. Fiually, ali 'this ended, we journeyed to a little old fashioned port of Spain, and there we stayed for three tiresome months. Papa was an antiquarian, you know, aud took far more interest in Colorabas, than Oolombus ever took in os. "The only pleasure I found, and, I imagine, the only task which came to paps, was that we sailed every fair afternoon ou the bay ia a quaint, tiny craft with an immense sail like ono of the pyramids, and a picturesque old fisher m au as our guide and skipper. Some of the enaaet effects were wondrously beautiful |and Esthetic, as we floated on a jasper sea and eard the monastery bells from the surrounding hills¡ltfce the faint song of the .tars. But the bay was treacherous, aud more so in those hoars of fascination, abounding in fierce, unexpected gusts and . aeascuds that swept all before them like sheets of snow before a gale. " Ooo evening we drifted, almost be calmed. The sun was still above the horizon ; the distant hills glittered as if crowned with ripened -wheet. But towards the town eid&|$»: %iewi was sorrowed as if a elide^hsjl been drawn across the lens. >. ~ Í£ti<b\ old 1 skipper glanced nervonsly at ; tho flapping sails and to the windward, and then with that submission to fate which is a characteristic of - the Iberians, he shrugged his shoulders, and, leaning against the tiller, puffed contentedly ou his pipe. All this 1 remember ' as one does remember preceding frivolities after they have been illumined by au event. At the time, however, I wis »reading «load to her father, which he was appre- ciating by half dozing, and our concious- ness was contained by blissful tranquil- lity. " Then came a sudden careen and away ere aped over a choppy sea, we knew not .rbiwer; for tile shadows of all tba sol« diera and sailors who had sank daring great-naval,conflict in this hay seemed encompass us. On we shot before tl hurtling1 gale, through this thrilling mis onr sail reefed and bunched, .oar skipp anxiously peering, and we in si)en< watching him. Was it the cry of a gu or did I not hear a faint ' Hola ! hola !' listened again, and then I spoke : ' Son one calls ont, evidently in distress,' fi that faint spectral note had a vibrant ii tensity. " ' Ne,' replied father, * yon are mi taken, I think.' But the skipper wagg< his red-tufted head and said that the gr cious lady was right, that some one hi hailed ns, but whence he'coald"not tell. "I clambered along the seat to tl mast and strained my eyes and ears. W were certainly ^proachiog rtbe sonne yes, auri a'mad, to eur left, was a densi shadow. ¡ hastened back to bur Bkippor side. He steered as I directed, while leaned out over the foaming waters. W in onr staunch craft, could well weatbt this squall, which was as likely to t brief as it was abrupt, but whoever wi adrift before H and in trouble migt expect at least a lonely night on a toma toons ocean. " One mompnt there was naught sai the froth and spume and /the eufoldin veil; theo we shot ijjgj£ tfmaU open hon As wc did so, a figaro, tal? recliaing^ i the bow, threw the painter, and I uau|*l] it and clang to iL The men sprang, i my aid, tho cr»ft wes brought aloejtsidt and after much difficulty and dange£ toe its oocapant, a wounded man, was helpe aboard. " His story is soon told. He had bea gunning for hirds et the mouth of creek in this mere shallop. He bad acci dentally shot ^himself ? through the let arm eua had swooned from pain and los of blood, and when he had revived he wa adrift« his paddle gone, storm tossed, ah< shat in by the gloom. He wes » fine manly-appearing yoong fellow-*don' scowl. Rob, it makes yon look fifty-hi name was Otto von Steiaman, and he wa a German officer. Well, the coconut o onr return would be as tedious in relatim as it was in reality ; so yen abell be, esa length we were, safely over it. .SForthi rest of oar stay-at thjs qâaint eehpor town I studied the sunset tints of the ba] from the bluff, and papa let Columbus*^ the sailing for him. 'J My hostess arose. "I shall now leevi yon unrestrained to your evil devices,' she said. " Hob always talks more enter tainingly in my absence. He must, elsi I couldn't explain the wakefulness of hi guests." " Bat," I protested, as I gave her va] hand to the door, "your tale is vastlj interesting, bot where is its persistency I Surely * Part I.' ought at least to indieab what we may expect from * Part II.1 " " Oh I" ehe replied, with a bright tran sient smile and flash, MI forgot. Vor Stemmen did me the exceeding honour tc ask my hand in marriage from my father, and was quite chagrined when told that.il was pledged to a slip of a boy namec Robert Danton, who dwelt at the viilag* of Armway, ia the United States ttl America. So, fare yon well, gentleman When you have quire exhausted yous faculties deign to return to the drawing room." " isn't she the sweetest little woman in the world !" exclaimed Danton,with unac- customed enthusiasm. "She also forgot to mention that her hand was severely lacerated by the rope, and (hat if ever a man was head over ears, mad and dis- traught from love, it was Ton Stemmen, Old Granger, my respected father-in-law afterwards, told me that his ravings were something tremendous. Extermination was to be my fate, and the good old soul would have been in au^wîul funk had he not supposed that I waa safe ht my hooks 3,000 miles away, and that ho could wara me on his return. "But when the Grangers arrived at Armway, they found that I had taken nay departure for the German Uni verBitjr^nd that our ships must have passed on the high seas. My. father; as yon km w. was a European hy birth, and has served as A general officer with distinction'in the Napoleonic wars. Ah, what a tried and ?pr tved cavalier he must have been in his arima ! As soon as I was able to walk, io had me on horseback, and as for fence, both with foils and broadswords, if con- stant instruction from each a master could avail, I must be expert. He hadan Old World contempt for this country, {tepee. dally for ita learning. So when I pleaded to go to Pierson he sternly ref need. Nb, no, I must attend the German University where he had studied, and as he held .bot only the string but the purse also, willy, hilly thither went. " I suppose I was as 'miserable jflfche first few weeks as one coald weHuerior misery, like every other condition, has its confines. I was mooning about Alice, of eourse, though I believe most young men find comfort in each woe. Everything was eo strange and seemed so uncouth. I did not care for my comrades ; their : jests, habits, ideas were as foreign as their tongue. » , '* However, I resolved to nuke the heat ot inj sföy ah3 entered my io classes enough to. keep ; me busy, I joined the riding school, for 1 am fond of horses bj inheritance. I well remember my first entrance into the rink. The riding mastei sat on horseback in the centre, with hie badge of office, a long lashed whip, ia hu hand. He was a fine appearing man ol thirty, who had retired from the army His left arm was a bit stiff from a gat shot wound. We arranged ourselyei along the side, and I noticed that the rid' iug master glanced sharply and uupleas antly toward me; ont an American soot becomes accustomed to such glances at the German University. The grooms lee ont the horses, and a black stallion, nerv- ously pawing, was assigned to me. H< was a beautiful creature, with a wild, excited, but not-vicious gleam in his larg« bright eyes. ¡ " ' Look out for him, sir, be's unsafe,' whispered the man. ' He's been ill- treated I'll allow, but ho'li bite your arm off if he get's the chance.' j "But somebowl didu't fear the animal. Horses have generally returned my liking, They are very impressionable to sympathy So I ventured te stroke him along jthc nook toward tho spine, and he seemed to be pleased. - ! ff* Prepare to mount !' came the order, and each oui> grasped the rein. " ' Mount !' And we eachhwuug easily into saddle. As my foot ¡end into ithe stirrup and my legs grasped the stallion he pranced a little. Thea carne a volley bf harsh-German epithets from the riding master like a discharge of shrapnel.! I heeded it not; for, indeed, we wera under military disciplino.but I patted the arched neck and soon brought the nervous beast down. " ' Form fours, march !' our instructor continued. ' Trot I Gallop ! Bon V , " Kow, it was one's duty to keep one's position and distance until the commjsnd * Bun 1" Then it was always * Sauve ¡que peut.' I had aeon enough of my mount to feel that he was speedy, so when ¿his instant am ved I let him out, and trufy I was soon circling well in the fore; Sud 4esly there was a- whir, and the riding iosnWs long lash en|ahijirply across my hnrse'e ' bead. Back fell ou bxs baunchea^, end thea forward, to the side, to tho reai^ he reared, and plunged. But X controlled him, and myself, too-a! fat more difficult task-for the rest of that lesson. Thea, after we had dismounted, I went to the riding master'« office fand thus addressed bira i ! " 'Sir,' I said, *1 appreciate that Von are my superior officer, and ton shall always fiad me amenable to discipline, but I most respectfully would ask an ex« placation.' j ««An explanation/ he sneered, 'of wbat f î v " * That cut yon gave my horse.' " ' Ton were ont of line.' ' "* Bat the command was run, and I had that right.' 1 "«Well, then, I chose!' ! "'Well, then, mark this: if yon dare 4reat me thus again I'll ride you down.' '*** Oh, got out,' and he turned fceu temptuonsly on his heel. " The next morning came, and with it another riding lesson. Again ibo black stallion was brought to me. He really seemed to recognise me, for he rubbed his muzzle against my shoulder as I stroked his neck, to . the groom's amazement. Again came the order to mount, and ajrain I swung into the saddle. When, phew I the stallion was in a fury, possessed^ by the devils of seven bucking Mexican mustangs at once. I could do nothing with him. He was continually in the sir. Yet I felt that terror or pain, not temper, was the cause. He waa dripping With sweaty bte thin skin shivering, his limbs 411 of a quiver. I kept, my spurs Well áway from him. I eased in my saddle, and when J did this latter he seemed to gro w quie%but as soon as I settled down there was madness again. Ho waa abso laYely unmanageable. That J retained my seat Was ^due even more to luck than to my father's instructions. [ "Then came the orders, as on tho pre- ceding day. But, of course, I couldn't obey«. rThe others swept on, and left; me to my straggle. . "'Why-are you not lu line?" shouted the riding master. _t " * There is MmetbJb^ ^wrong* w^i ibis horse,*' Igsjqped. 1 iv-'; ''C^^f ; ' « Whizl Again 4he lp^git §j$| ont and snapped ; but this ttejm hotabafct the stallion's ear. Nor it ^SMFC* whit through übe skia tight ir^^si^slmy thigh. -w:w*iwsa^j . a " I struok spurs violently. I stood' up- right in my stirrups. I brought my fist down heavily on my horas'a^teld; fend away we dashed full tilt at Madding master. Had he not adroitly avoided'tao, I would certainly have fulfilled my threat and haye ridden; bim down: *.« Leave- the-ti^-4i^>4UU»} he ordered,nnd I obeyed.. _ " Hot and oold, red and white, I was as I dismounted, «nd stood beside my trembl- ing steed. -^^rVeh mjrtery about hts actions^ air/«hidthe groom, anxiously. '"I know there'8 something wrong; bat what can it be P" ."I can't imagine, sir ; I saddled him myself. See, as I. raise the -saddle ho w he watches and quivers. Ah, here it is, sir '; and as he passed his hanH under the pad it soddenly stopped, and there was « -pin so skilfully inserted that the weight of the rider would press it into the horse's back. " I stroked the poor beast's heck for a moment, and then I went to my room. I wret^'aletter to the riding masher, lejaro fully detailing the trick which we had discovered. * Bat thia, sir,' I continued, 'is not the intention of my addressing you. It is the oat which voa gave me, mteutiohauy!Vhti!llfâ>Wow thighs Regarding this, two alternatives are open: Toa will either apologise^before the class, or I eball have the hohonr ^bf ) sending a friend to yon.' Ia dae.wuwfï; I received a terse reply, igAop^, .mç explanation, and stating that heI.A*rai^a my message. s " *A friend,' I thought, bitterly, * where shall I Sad one V At length I. sent for the only yoang man wholes ft all com- patible to me, and hbo wed hint tho^rres*, pondeaoe. ? . "'^T^V^'-' ->l " « Ah 1' he reflected, * I-thought^o. I noted that blew,ai^^^^U^tte^Utas| It was deliberate.jöaf^&V;^ilihjap oat I' i jg toçfife? ^-frir/yon to act, for;me.\¡ *' vHum I Tod kdow the man's reputa- tion 9 He ie a famon^áneluW 1 " * That's net the question/ " . What arm do yon prefer f "'Either the broadsword, shortsword or pistol will do, bnt I prefer < the foils.' ''mistfmesfefttfW eeo what I can do.' " He left me. He returned at evening andf*nnoanced ihat^prelimiaaries. were ?rranged ; that woTwWld fight with foils tlie next morning 4rt dayhrèaipnear a cer- tain grove. Of coarse, I wrote letters, feeling like a melodramatic idiot while doing so i yet how ntturaLto leayea word of love tonne'* mother ind ontfeS&eaV; Jieart,_ I_know that long afterward Alice persuaded me to give her the one in- tended for| hs* und\ ehe /censurée <it " Well, the hoars speed like^a nrision. Before I knew it I was in the cawing* was^fecu|gj^ foil the whileinïmanuBT'whioh I perceived he noticed. Then, at the word, we began circling about each other; piaying.iuoerle and twrce, each pnA ^ mauFend mining respect, too, from the experience. í -W*MhacV «tandio^ pointe ;io eartV Matthen ^ nvant l' thrusting ju., dead, earnest. Now, my father had taught met a ^ertfty twist, which unless watched against Iry fart* .: kuftwlea^e^iercejrte^ dangerous in attempt. I tried it, and lo, the ridings masters foil, Boatv<l to the branches atuve ns; l' r'Fohl!'heeried,andi stepped back. \ Jlnde^d,, no, J* I - protested, eagerly. ' 'Twas done in full faro/ and so all others present agreed. " Again we attacked with grim faces and glowing forras. I made a thrust. With lightning's rapidity , my adversary whirled hts foil behind his" back, and caught me on the exposed side. Now, in no exercise is the body so responsive to the mind a» in fencing. Half the battle ie in agility. Though surprised, I swerved, and the point just grazed me. "".Foui! 1 cried. * A craven thrust.' " Bnt, no j the seconds explained that under the codé of feint was allowable. '.' ' Perhaps it is,' I said fiercely, to the riding matter, 'but no gentleman wonld use it. And, mark thia, if you try it again I'll run you through.' "Oh, come OD,' he retorted. 'Toar threats are as empty as «our head.' " And, surely enough,'"he did trr it again \ but this time I was prepared for him. I caught his foil with my left band and held him helpless. " * Now,* I eried, as I pressed my point against his chest, ' my threats are empty, are they j But pshaw I take your life, I am no assassin,' and I steeped hack nod saluted. '"Ate you both content f* asked the seconds. "'Ko! Hoi' exclaimed the riding master. " ' No, no I' I repeated, and once more we oros sed swords. j «Bat I wno weary. My advereary'e snnerior age «ad strength were telling agalost mein endatanoe. He wa« press, ing me hotly. I let his foil slide along nana. I felt a sharp indescribable pain. Hy «word rang nu the turf. My arm hong powerleea hy my tide. He had pierced my right hana, severing nome ruling nenre. " ' At last I* ha shouted ; and his «jet looked odetta, r Then he hestiteted, and qulvuretl, and ground hts teeth. ' I must be as generous as yon were,* he muttered, 'though it transfixes my own heart/ "He threw hie foll from him. He turned abruptly onm heel and starched away* I never mw -Mm Again, I was laid up fôr p month with my wenna, ind meanwhile he threw np hie position and left the university." ~ ""Bût-what waa his name P" I asked, as my host sighed with relief, as if ia con« elusion.' ' " His nameP Why, Otto von Steinman, of course. Won't you try just a little *or a topper P No ! We, shall we rejoin Alice P" 