literature. CHEAP JACK ZITA By S. BARING-GOULD, Author of ' Red dpider,' ' The Pounycome quicks,' 'Court fioyai,' 'Richard Cable,'' ?? Meiialah,' ' John Herring,' &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author All righta reserved.! Chapter XXXVTI. — A Catherine Wheel. The words were hardly out of Zita's mouth before they were repented. The auger, the desire for revenge which bad spurted up in her . heart was abated as rapidly as it had risen. Once before she had spoken in violence of finger and had speedily contradicted her words by her acts. She had bidden Mark go and be banged or transported — for augbt she cared, yet no Eooner did she learn that he was in actual danger than she had interfered to de liver him. Sbe had fought for him with l?rown lands and had thrcst herself into the witness box to exculpate him. stinging now under cne moral pain ct tne sense of wrong done to her, that wounded her in her honor, stinging also under the physical pain caused by the blow of Kainie, a girl for whom she had made the greatest sacrifices, in a blind and inson&iderate; explosion of resent ment she had allowed Mark and Kainie, un warned of their danger, to commit themselves to the treacherous ice. Repentance came too late. The words had been spoken which hinted danger, but the hint was too vague to be regarded, even to be un derstood. Mark had etarted running Kainie on his sledge over the polished surface of the channel before Zita had recovered herself and realised what would be the consequences of her neglect. Then with a cry the girl raft along the bank. She called to Mark imploring him to return. She called — telling him. that the ic© was broken. Then the stayed, out of breath, her pulses bounding, the sweat streaming off her brow and the tears racing down her cheeks. She found thai it was not possible for her to catch up tbe sledge, tbat flew like a t wallow over the glassy ice and which was invisible in the darkness. She found that the wind was blowing in her faco and carrying her voice behind her away from those whose attention she desired to arrest. In her despair she threw herself on her lenees and beat her head and breast. *' I am worse than what they thought of me ! I am worse than that murderer Drownlands. He killed one and I kill two. Ob, that I bad died in their place !' Again she sprang to her feet and again she cried to those who were speeding far away and bade them retura. She was sensible, as she called that she could do nothing to arrest them in their course. The horror of the situation f -was insupportable, and in a wave of despair that swept over her Zita was ready to fling herself into the canal. There are moments of life when instan taneously a whole prospect opens before the inner eye— call that eye what you will, In a second of time Zita saw tbe consequences of her neglect mirrored before her with intense and terrible vividness. Is was as though the whole sequenso of events that mutt follow was unrolled before her eye and clear as in broadest day. She saw the eledge propelled by Hark approach the dangerous spot where the arch of ice stood unsupported and when the additional weight came on it must bring it down. She heard the ?whine of the cracking surface, as the sleigh reached if. She saw the whole mm of ico, together with sleigh, Mark and Kainie, go down with a crash impelled by the velocity of the pace at which tbey had beeu going — saw them ehoot under the water and the sheets of fractured ice that encumbered the surface of the shrunken river. She heard the cry of Matk, the scream of Kainie. She saw them battling with their binds beneath the surface. It was to her as though she were looking from above on the glassy sheet that lay brokou but yet ^encasing the water. S*io could see through it and watch the expiring -efforts of Mark and Kainie, behold them struggling with their bands to break through or puth aside tho ice plate that lay between their mouths and air. She could see their straining eyas fixed re proachfully' on her through tho transparent screen. Iu her fancy she was now running and beckoning to the only patch of open water through which fecape was possible. And yet tbey wouJd not attend ; either they mis understood her signals or they mistrusted her motives. She beheld how their efforts relaxed, their palms patted listlessly against the ice, their lingers picked with feeble effort, at the cracks, how the light of intelligence died out of their ?oyps, how their lips gasped and drew in water. Then to her fancy they went down, Kainie first, Mark next. After tbat there rose about her as a cloud a massof black figure?, pointing at her with their fingers, and from every finger point flashed an ?electric spark. _' Murderees — double murderess ! Thou who didst judge Drownlands, judge thine own self. Thou who didst condemn, condemn thyself.' Then Wolf came to her. He had gnawed through the ccrd that had bound him. Zita clasped him round the neck. 'O Wolf! Wolf!1 she cried. 'Go after them — fly— stay them. Snap at Mark's clothes. Bite Kainie. Hold them back 1' She indicated tbe direction that the sledge naa caicen ana tue aog ran out on tbe ice. Zita looked after him. Would he be able to track them on the frozen sheet? Would the scent lie on tbe congealed water ? - If Wolf did come up with his mistress and Mark would he be able to arrest their course ? Did he understand the message, the order given him ? Would he, bounding forward in advance of tbe sledge, discover for himself the danger that lay ahead and comeback and warn them? Should this attempt to stay the sleigh fail were there no other mains available? Then an idea flashed through tho brain of Rita. There remained one chance of staying ?heir career. Instantly Zita ran to the hut, bnrat open ?he door, and seizing the mattress of K&ime;'s toed dragged it forth across tbe platform and *nrew it under the stationary sails of the mill. Then she went back to the cottage and gathering up the red embers of the fire in a shovel ran with them forth again and threw them upon the straw mattress. Next she stood, shovel in hand, waiting the result, watching as the fire burnt its way through the ticking and buried itself in the etraw. For a moment there ensued a red glare— an eating outward of the ticking by fiery teeth, then » ghost-like flame leaped up and wavered above the incandescent mass. It threw itself high into the air, as though it were independent of the fire below, then returned and dipped its feet in the red asbes. With the shovel Zita stirred the ignited mas?. Then the mattress broke into Same and the flame reared itself in many tongues, swayed with the wind, curled over, broke into a multitude of orange fire-flashes that capered and pirouetted about ♦be glowing heat of fire, as though tbe fabled Salamanders had manifested themselves and rejoiced in being able to dance in their proper element. In another moment the flames bad ignited the sail that hung above them and were rating each other np the canvas. Zita aped to the clog. She had learned from Kainie how a windmill was to be eet in motion and how the revolution of the Rails was to be arrested on the first visit ehe had paid to Red Wings. She now raised the clog and with a . eigh and creak the arms began to turn. As 4jhey did eo the sail which was on fire swept from the bed of flames that had kindled it and ^ -was replaced by. another. Instantly Zita ; .- ; stopped the revolution to allow it a'.sotobe .kindled. ^In like *n»nncr she treated tho re maining sails, and when all blazed she allowed them to spin unhampered in the breeze. A wondrous eight in the blaok night ! The mill Bails whirling in the freezing blast sent forth streamers of name and a rain of sparks. Every now and then there dropped from them incandescent tears. They roared as they went round, forming as they rotated on the axle a mighty wheel of dazzling light. Zita stood looking up at her work and for a moment for got the occasion of the Betting fire to the wheel in the overwhelming effect produced by the brilliancy of the spectacle. The wind not only made the canvas glare, but kindled as well the stretchers of lath to which it was fastened and the mainbeams likewise. The ties by which the sailcloth was fastened were of tarred cord. As the fire consumed a portion the rest dipped forth and flew away in lurid lines of light. The platform was illumined as though a blaze of July eun bad fallen on it. The window panes of the cottage were transmuted into flakes of gold leaf. The dykes reflected the flashing sails and shot the light along in streaks through the dark fen into the outer darkness beyond. A number of bats that had been harbored by the old mill and were sleeping through the winter were ronsed by the light, quickened by the beat, and came forth in flights dazed to flit on leather wings about the platform, to darb into the wheel of tire, and to fly back scorched and to fall crippled at Zita'a feet. Wolf came up cowering. He had been un able to trace the course of his mistress on the ice and he crouched moaning at Zita's feet, his eyes watching the fiery revolutions, but ever and anon starting back with a snap and a whine as eome disabled bat clawed at him and endeavored to scramble uo hia side. Wonld the whole mill fall a prey to the flames? Ignited molten tar was flung off as fire droes by the whirling sails, masses of burning canvas were carried off on the wind. The sails for a while moved more slowly. The canvas was in part consumed, but the flame itself seemed to form a sheet over the nb3 and incite tbe wind to act with redoubled force, for again with renewed activity the great arias continued their rotation. Every rush in tbe dyke was made visible, standing out as a rod of burnished gold, and the withered tassels of seed glowed scarlet— atrainsta background of night made doubly sombre by the dazzling splendor of the burn ing mill sails. The boarded and tarred body of tbe mill was changed in the lurid glare into a structure of red copper. In the heat given off by the wings the tar dissolved and ran down from the movable cap, as though the great bulk of tbe mill were sweating in an agony_ of fear lest the fire should reach and consume it also. A barn-owl hovered aloft acd the glare smote on its white breast and under-wings. It to- whooed in its terror and its cry could be heard above the rush of the sails and tbe roar of the flames. There were other sounds that combined with the hooting of the owl, the rush of the sails, and of the fire. The mechanism of tbe mill was in motion ; tbe huge axle revolved and throbbed like a great pulse running through the body of the structure, the wheels creaked and groaned, tbe paddles labored to drive tbe water up the incline, and the water when it came produced strance sounds beneath the ice, gasps and gulp?. It~waa as though the dykes were sobbing at the combustion and destruc tion of the engine which bad so long and so steadily labored to drain them. When the fire reaobed iron and copper nails and bands and heated the metals to white heat tbey became incandescent and gave forth streams of green and blue flame that glowed with the marigold yellow and tieer-Hly red of the blazing wood and tar, forming of the fiery ?cirelp a rainbow complete iu its prismatic tints. The clouds tbat passed overhead were flushed and palpitated, reflecting the (ire below. Notwithstanding tbe anguish of mind that possessed Zita, her anxiety for the fate of Mark and Kainie and her self-reproach, she was carried away out of all such thoughts by the transcendent splendor of the spectacle. She stood looking up at the wheel of light, with hands clasped to her bosom, hardly breathing, her face illumined as though she bad been looking into tbe euu. Then,. suddenly, a band was laid roughly on her shoulder and an agitated voice said in her ear, 'Good heavens! what have you done? wicked, malignant girl !' Zita dropped on her knees with a cry of mingled joy and pain. 'Thank God! theyare saved !' She stooped and bid her face in her ekirb about her knees. The revulsion of feeling -was more than she could bear. She gasped for breath. She came to a full stop in sensation and thought. She could not rise, epeak, nor look up. Then relief from acute ttnsion of the mind found itself a way in a flood of tears and broken words of no meaning and without connection were sobbed forth and mufHcd in her eown. When finally she did raise her head and gather her dazed faculties and wipe tbe water from her eyes she saw that Mark and Kainie were forcing the head of tho mill round so as no longer to present the sails to the wind, bud make them face away from it, so as to le??en the danger to the body of tbe mill, which might at any moment ignite when flame and sparks were swept over ib. They then put ou the clog and stopped the movement of the charred arms. This was almost all that could bednne. They trusted that the arms would burn themselves out without the axle catching fire. ' Kainie.' said Mavk, ' I'll run a rope up and throw it over tbe axis and you cau pass me up buckets of water ' Then he came to where Zita knelt. Ivainie was at his side. 'You infamous creature!'' oaid Kainie. ' Why did you do it V *'To save you and Mark.' ' To save us? That ia a fine story.' 'They bad let out the water and the ice is broken up.' *? Let out what water?' asked Mark. ' The water of the river.' '.Who have done this ?' ''Why, Pip and some other men.' 'Zita,' said Mark, 'wnat do you mean? Is there any truth in this ?*' 'It is true indeed,' she answered. 'They have done it to revenge themselves on Mr. Drownlands becauee he gave evidence against some of their comrades.' ** This is very serious.' said Mark. 'It is quite true. They would not allow me to go back to Prickwillow. I tried, bub they stopjied me and forced tne to come oh this way. I could not warn the master. And thf-y told me to keep off the ice. As I came along I heard it f cream and crack and go down in a mass together.' ' Why did you not tell mo this before?' 'You would not listen to me. You said cruel things of me, and Kainie struck me in the face.' ' And why did yon eet the mill on fire?' *' To force you to come back. I did not care about your danger till too late. I ran after you. you could not hear me. I knew that if you saw fire at the mill you would return. Nothing but that could bring you baok.' Mark was silent for a moment. Then with emotion in bis voice he said — 'Zita — I believe we have wronged you grievously.' 'No,' answered the girl, 'it was I who wronged you. I let you go and said — Go under the ice and be drowned, I do not care.' ' I did not hear you.' ' I said it — instead of telling you of your danger. I was angry — very angry, and I was hurt by Kainie — but — ' she hesitated, her voice faltered — 'at the bottom of all was this— I was jealous.' ' Jealous '. jealous of whom?' 'Mark, you had been eo kind to me. I bad been so happy with you. 1 even thought you liked me. Then you turned away from me for Kainie.81 ' For Kainio !' There was surprise in his facp. ** Yes, you like her best. You are light — she is good and I am bad — but it made me jealous.' ' Good Heavens ! You do not understand. There is now no need for farther concealment. Kainie is mv sister !' _ Chapter XXXVIIL— The Bkent Geese. It was even as Mark said, but tho particu lars relative to Kerenhappuch did not come to the knowledge of Zita tUI some time later. Jake Runharr, the father of Mark, had rnade the acquaintance of Drownlands' sister and md betrayed her. InBtead of marrying her be suddenly took a woman who was an heiress, married her for her money, and loft Leah Drownlands to her shame. The secret of Leah's disgrace was well kept. She was sent away to a distance, and when sbe returned after five years with a child she would say nothing relative to the parentage of Kainie, nor did her brother proclaim it. Ivi never forgave h-B sister and would never hold communication with her or receive her child. Jake Runham naturally enough was reserved in the matter and no one suspected who the father of Kainie was. The publio believed that, to use their own terms, Leah had 'met with a misfortune' whilst away from tbe fens. On her return to the neighborhood of Prick willow the unfortunate woman obtained from the Commissioners the ose of the cottagfl and a email allowance on consideration of her attend ing to the mill. This pittance the eked out with needlework. Mark had entertained no suspicion of the relationship so long us his father lived, but on his rfeaih there was that provision made in the will which revealed tho long-hidden secret .Take acknowledged bis paternity to Kainie and solemnly required his son to provide for and watch over his half sister. It seemed probable that he had in the past secretly contributed something towards the maintenance of Leah Drownlundd and her daughter. Theso f acts wor« not as yet generally known, ?but now that Kaiuic was to be removed to Crumbiand it was inevitable thai they should be mad-- j«ibji«\ The r*aK-e why I-I»rk was po rwo]v-d to tato* Kninic away, .from Hotl Wiuj&.vjo; that-' she was harlwring uv.i f-.ctvct.iug Mphr^im Beamish, to whom sbe was attached and engaged. Mark saw that this could not be suffered to oontinue. He urged the case with his mother, who had strenuously opposed the reception of tbe girl into the farrr, but who now, as a good woman, yielded when she con sidered the gravity of the circumstances. Ever since the death of Jake Runham, Kerenbappuoh had know the truth. It had been necessary for Mark to tell her of their re lationship and of the obligation that had been laid upon him. At the same time, to save his fathers memory, he urged her to keep the matter secret. This it was which made her reticent with Zita. 'Come,' said Mark. 'Now is not the time for an explanation — nor oan I speak cf euch matters to yon without pain, for my father did a great wrong. The question at this moment is, what 13 to be done ? Here is the mill running a risk of being burnt down ; on tbe other hand , there is the -water wh ich has been let out pouring over tho fens. Tho latter is the most serious concern. If the mill he consumed it can be rebuilt speedily, but if the fen be flooded it will take years before it recovers.' He took Zita's hand in his. 'I do believe I have been unjust, do has Kainie. We owe our lives to you. Kainie, ask her to forgive you the blow you dealt her.' ' No,' said Zita. ' I struck Kainio first, and she gave me the blow back again — harder than I struck her, but that was her profits.' It seemed probable that tbe fire smouldering in the ribs of tho sails would become extinct). There were matters more urgent calling Mark elsewhere. 'Pip knew belter than advise mo of hia intent,' said Mark. 'We must have a light.' He tore one of the stakes from tho sails of the mill. ' It will serve as a torch,' said he. ' Run, Kainie, to the bridge, give the alarm to tne bankers there. T«U them to bring tools and all needful down to the embankment.' 'But tbey must not take Pip.' ' Pip will have sheered off long before they reach the place. Run, Kainie. Come on, Zita, and show me where the bank has been cut through.' They walked on together aod their shadows were cast) before them by the still glowing mill, which now and then shot up into Same and then became a smouldering mass. They walked fast, but not very fast; that was hardly possible on the bank. * For a. waile Mark said nothing, but he put out bis hand and cook that of Zita'p. 'There has been great mifiunderstanding,' he said meditatively. 'Yes,' she replied, 'indeed there has; I was jealous because I thought you liked Kainie best.' ' ' And I— I do not know what I thought evil things were said and 1 was a fool, a cursed fool, to btlieve them. So— you were jealous?' ' Ye?, Mark.' ' You could not have been jealous if you had not cared for me.' She did not answer. ' Aud I believe the reason why 1 gave ear to evil words was because I loved you — loved you so dearly that I was jealous through every thread of my being. I was jealous of that fellow Drownslands. I was an ass to think those things could be possible that were said of you. I ought to bavo known you better.' ' Yes, Mark, you ought to have known me better.' ' But it is not now too late. Zita, we will be to each other as we were before — that ia if you can forgive me.' 'Indeed, lean forgive you.' ' Aud I will let all know that we under stand each other. And, Zita !' healaughed, 'we'll have tbe old van and Dobbiii1'^' ' He is Jewel, not Dobbin.'' 'And Jewel brought over to Crumbland.' ' That cannot be, Mark, now.' 'Why not?' ' It is too late.' ' How too late '(' ' I have promised Drownlands to remain with him at Prickwillow and take care of his house as long as be lives.' ? ; ' That won't hold. If I-make you my wife ' That cannot be !' 'Cannot be? It shall be.' *' No, Mark, I gave you up. ' I gave up my thoughts of you e-s a husband in order to get Ki Drowlands to desist from appearing against you in court.' -^ ' rKi ' He could have done nothing.' *? -^ ^s' ' Whether he could or could not matters nought now. I made a promise.' ' You must break it-.' Sbe shook her head. ' A deal is a deal.' Then as both remained silent, suddenly strange sounds were heard high up in tbe dark sky, a sound as of barking dogs in full career. - Zita shivered and caught) hold of Mark. 'Oh!' she said in a whisper, full of fear. 'Tbey Ecent a soul — they hunt a soul! Oh, poor eoul 1 God help it ! Poor eoul — run — run — swift — in at heaven's door !' ' Nonsense, little frightened creature. It is the Brent geese !' ' Mark, List time I heard them it betokened death. Then it was two souls— two flying — flyinp — and the dogs in fnllcHreer after them.' *' You — Zita,' laughed Mark, 'do you remember when we spoke of this on the ice I said when next your heard tbe Brent geese I hoped I might stand by you. Zita, please God when tbe hell-hounds, if such they be — and I don't believe a word of it — be let loose, scenting my eouI or yours, that I may be by you or you by me to cheer each other in the final and dreadful race.' Zi'a shuddered. 'Mirk, it may not be. I shall standby Drowniands. I have promised— a deal is a deal' (To be continued.) 