Spoptincr Gossip. . . by i'cikbbook." : Foil the QpkftpEuingA . Great Eastern 8teeplechiwe;Beaieaj>;ha6,I notice, been nominated- Vfhat weight will he get ? The heat in the shade at the Rochester raeee ohJ&raayJast; was 105deg. Good . thing. lor.the caterer if not for the com- pefcitbre. ' J. TOarNGfrom the lusty appearance of Antaeus it ' will take Hickenbotbam all his 'tiihe to get the son of Millie ready for the Jewmarket' Handicap, which X much doubt his doing, XT'Is sot often that the winner of a' seingrace goes out unbacked, hut suoh .was/the case in Adelaide on Saturday: jfhen Ringbolt got home in the Disposal Stakes. This horse is on own brother to Etn'uc. At the Queensland Am&tetfrTnrfClubr; meeting ,cm "thejglth . nl Stntibbok, by! AxehieohiBFxee'Hkuiiicfej) with ' 9et tdb, ttndtbeQ.A.T.C. Hahdioap,onemile -sad a jfarfong, in the remarkably- good time of lisin 69sec, with 8st 21b in the saddle. ' Sous time ago Maypole, by The As syrian from May Queen, was sold for A60, but his new owner soon got sick of him, and parted .with him to James King for a fiver. On Wednesday last Maypole easily won the Selling Race at Queens- cliff, said soon repaid hie pnrahase'money. Since then Maypole Has won two races at Yarra Glen. In the Cooch . Behar Cup, won by Highborn, no lesB than five of the jockeys who took part therein hail from Victoria. Good Hope, who ran such a desperate second in the mile and three-quarter race, was looked upon as a sprinter when here. She, however, has1 developed great stay- ing powers, apparently, for the daughter of Hope had the steadier of 9st on her back. At the Elmhuret races, on the 2nd in6t., Mr. J. Douel had quite a field day. With a horse naiped Darkie he won the Trial Stakes aqd Stewards' Purse, and finished .second with the same gelding in the Forced Handicap, a' position the same gentleman's The Provost occupied in tho Hurdle' Race. Then with Elaine he captured both the Flying and Elmhurst Handicaps. Not a bad performance, and epsakB Volumes for - the ability of the trainer. Paui£ke, it seems, has been wrongly nominated for tho Hobart Cup, which she won on Wednesday last. Walter Hickenbotham, the owner of Comedian, who ran second to the. New Zealand bred mare, entered a protest accordingly. On looking up the New Zealand Stud Book I find mat Pauline was incorrectly described when her pedigree was given as by Bundoora from Wave, the dam of Ruby, Springston', Peerswiek, and others. Pauline is out of Vcno, who was got by Cadogan (imp.) from Wave in 1887, and is therefore a half-sister to Ruby, Spring ston, and Peerswick. From a gentleman residing in Beeoh- worth I have received the following : — "I am sorry to inform you that Mr. James Sutherland, the breeder of Glen- loth, has just suffered a heavy loss in the death of Giendon, a two-year-old colt, full brother to the above. - The colt was a very handsome and most promising animal, and the very greatest sympathy . exists throughout the North-eastern flia- ftact lpr Mr. Sutherland; who, is a \- Thus writes "Sir Imuncelot inira Auckland (N.Z.) exchange of the 26th ult. : — " And yet another trainer for Mr. T. W. Hongerford. I wonder how many he has bad since be embarked in racing. His latest employ 6 is H. Hull. Hull j learnt his business with Dan O'Brien in : the days when Trenton was a three-year- old. He went over to Melbourne with that horse, and has remained there ever since — in fact, he was associated with Cannody when that trainer prepared Gleoloth for the Melbourne Cup. Hull came over here the other day on a pleasure trip, and now evidently intends to stop." Although Mr. P. T, Heywood, the well-known Victorian trainer, had the bad luck to finish second with Whitefoot in both Hurdle Races in Tasmania last week, he picked up a "crumb or two'1 with The Seine, Eutub, and the hurdle- racer, who won the Farewell Handicap. H. Htocutt rode Whitefoot, and E. Power who is usually there or thereabouts when riding in the "tight little island," had the mounts on the three horses named. J. Cripps, who is, as a rule, very formidable when racing in Tasmania, did not score a win last week at Hobart. Perhaps be may be more fortunate at Lannoeston. With but 7st 51b to carry in the ' Launceston Cap, Knight of the Garter should about win that event to-morrow. Sxkge he won the V.R.C. Bagot Handi. cap Hopetoun has been treated to long, slow work on the tan, and yesterday morning the little son of Pandora, . with C. Power on his back, went three miles on the braised bark rink at . Flemington at a steady gait. Notwithstanding the fact that a con temporary keeps asserting that Hopetoun has been blistered, I am assured by Kennedy, who is looking after the Tas- maniansn E. Power's absence, that such j has never been dons. .Racehorses don't usuallv work immediately after being so treated. « Anxious to get a peep at St. Hippo ex- j tended saw me out of bed at hau-jpast j four o'clock yesterday morning, an<Tl | must say that X did not regret my early J rising. The trainer of the HIppona colt is evidently a great believer in plenty of walking exercise, and accompanied ; by . Danoer, a - customer with etilty- looking forelegs, they were a long while doing so before they stripped. The sand track was the one upon which the pair named worked aaanter for about a mile and a half bring apportioned them, winding up with ' another half-mile in even time. St. Hippo moved in great style, and has tlown off oll signs of soreness, but his compaulon has not jet got rid of the stiffness inci dental to & sea trip, St. Hippo reminded me somewhat of Martini- Henry's style of going, and he looks, moreover, able to carry any reasonable weight. With the capital tracks at head quarters there need be no fear hut that St. Hippo will strip cherry ripe on the. day. It iB stated that Mr. J. B. Clark has requested the V.R.C. committee to aBk the haudicapper to explain how he came to allot Wain∫ 8st lib in the New market -Handicap. A very proper thing to' do, and a pxrlege, if availed of by aggrieved owners, would' go a long way to restriot the how all too ready rush- into- .print style some horse owners adopt when they are of .opinion that one. of tneir par ticular animals; has been too well taken .care, of. By the jway, it does :seem very strange that Warpaint's owner complains -o&ecoU;' 8stUb miheNswznarlmtH&b-; - TOOUvyet we didnothear a wordagainst 'Mt.&c;&riwkenb;&aHcfttedtheBamebolt3;&t; in.th'eGarrington Stakes, runoff the tat day of tile, old year. From'December to M&reb; a' three-year-old, according to the weight-for-age,' . scale, is supposed to improve . 4lb, yet Mr..I)akin has given Warpaint but Xlb more than Mr. Scarr did last December! Again, Warpaint did not start in the Carrington Stakes, yet for the Challenge Stakes, run over the 6ams- distance, ; six furlongs, three weeks later, Mr. Scarr apportioned the same colt 7st 6ib ! What would' be said if tbe V.R.C. weight-adjuster acted in that erratic way ? Roan horses are very rarely eeen com peting on'raceeourseB, much less proving 1 successful -thereon. OnWednepday last, at Queensciiff, Dufiot, a colt of that color, however, got home in the Trial Stakes, .and his victory, reminds me that a similarly colored horse proved successful some years ago when ridden . by Bob Batty at Caulfield. It was | in the V.A.T.C; Ladies' Trophy run on the 80th ' June, 1883, that tbe roau- colored home, The Ghost, by Tregeagle — Ada, 9et lib, won that event from forty- one others. "Rapier," in a London ' exchange, says, in answer to a corres pondent who asked if there was such a thing as a roan thoroughbred " Of course roan thoroughbreds are rare, but my correspondent may be informed that €hey exist. Tho Dnke of Beaufort's Quilon, tbe daughter of Eastern Empress and Travancore, from whom no fewer tb&n; thirty-eight two- year-old entries were made — more, I fancy, than for any other animal this year — is a roan. Scotch Broth, tbe Buchanan — Irish Stew filly, ib described as 'chestnut or roan,1 and I also remember a colt out of Wakefield and Nicoletta, named Dewsbury, also 6et down as ' cb or ro ' in the Calendar . X do not think he has ran, but he was entered for the Clewer Plate at Windsor, won by Tom Cannon's Carlyle. It I had time to search I could find more, but these suffico to answer the question. Maoy persons seeing tbe handsome little Bard — if one may speak of him as little when he was so sturdy-looking — would have described him as roan, so plenti fully was his chestnut coat tickea with white hairs." 