CHEATING THE GODS. A correspondent of tbo North China Herald, writing from tho interior of ICiangsu provinoe, mentions that one of tho industries there is tho manufacture of mook money for offoring to tho dend. Formerly the Chinese burnt sham paper money, but in these days of enlightenment and foreign intercourse the natives of Soonglrong, Hangoliow and otiior places have come to the oonolusion that dollars are more handy to the ghosts than. clumsy paper money; benco thoy now, to a great extent, supply their ancestors nnd departsd frionds with mook dollars. Theso are only half the size of real dollars, but thore appears to bo no moro barm in cheating the dead than tbore is in oheating tho living. Bo- aides, the deceased are not supposed to know the difference, for many of them departed this lifo before silver dollars wore imported into China. A hundred mook Carolus dollars, done up in boxes, nro sold for 34 oasb. The opera tion of making this money is interesting. First of all there are blooks of tin whioh are melted down and then poured between boards lined with Obincse paper, and when the upper board is pressed down on tho lowqr a thickness of tin remains. This is next out. up into strips 4 inches long, 1 wiilo and- a inch thick. . Some 10 of theso strips are placed ovonly together, one on top.of the. othor, and one ond is hold between tho fingers, when the workman proceeds to hnmmor them out till, ho has beaten them so fine that they are' now 3 feet long and a foot broad, and so thin that they are not thioker than the thinnest paper. This is noxt pasted on common cardboard, whioh is then out with a punching maohine to the size of half dollars, and this having been done, a boy takes the cut out pieees in hand and with two dies, ono representing tho one side and the other the reverse, hammers impressions of dollars on tliem,' and tho money is ready for use. Another vory curious instanoo of the praotioe of oheating tho gods is reoorded in. tho same journal, but from quito a different part of the country. It appears that districts of the Anhni provinoe have lately been ravaged by an epidemio, so that in many places the people were unable to attond to the harvesting of the orops. An attempt was then mads to deceive the gods by " playing at " New Year's day and pretending that 1st ; Soptembor was tbo first day of the now year. Every pre paration foi celebrating the bogus new'yoar was made, such as burning fire crackers and pasting happy sentenoes In red paper on the doors. The object was to malco tbe god of siekness think that he had made a mlstako in the seasons and had erred In bringing ah epidemio on the people at a time whon noepidomios in the course of nature should appear. As any aotion contrary to nature done by the gods is liablo'to punishment by the King of Heavon, the aotors in this farce thought that the god of Bioknoss' would gather his evil spirits baek to him for fear of tho dis pleasure of his superior divinity; This ohild s playrooeivod the pormisBion and oo-oporiitibn of tho local authorities, but so far uo visible effoots for tho bettor are apparent. 