LOCAL ITEMS. THE old domicile, so-called' "Elm Court," looks a wee bit more respectable now that the trees have been' removed from the front and it has received a coat of paint. The finishing touch to the old building could best be done with a fire stick. AUCTION SALE.-Owing to dissolution of partnership of Messrs. K. S. and S. Mandelson, their boots and' drapery stock will be sold at 2. o'clock on Satur day next. IT gives us pleasure to record that Mr. H. J. Wynne, of Moss Vale, has do nated 28 works to the Bowral School of Arts, 18 of which were not previously in the library. " THERP. are some people- in this colony who would buy an ancient grave-yard, dig up the bodies, feed their pigs on them, and afterwards sell the pigs as prime dairy-fed pork."-Judge Murray. THRRE arc 14- allotments in, Bowral the owners or addresses of which, are un known to the council; consequently the clerk does not know who to apply to for the rates.. Particulars elsewhere. PUPIL. TEACHERS.-The following have been gazetted as having passed exami nation and-gained. promotion to class 3- Bowral , Beatrice Calladine, James Gott, Harriett A. Frost, and Arthur Towle. ""Mittagong : Isaac Dunn, John-Greases,. I.<eslie. Sheather, and Emily Murphy. A. NUMBER of quarrymen have been- " put off" from Messrs. Lpveridge and Hud son's stone quarries. This consequently means that some' of the- masons will not be required much, longer. It is stated that unless something turns up in the meantime: the remaining 75 hands em ployed' by Messrs. Loveridge and Hudson will'be discharged during {he next fortnight. For the sake of our town we trust something will turn; iip. 30 CASES of small pox. at Perth. ; TYPHOID..and diptheria are. prevalent; in. the Bathurst district". . DR. CULLEN-, M.L.A.,, addressed1 his. Mit tagong constituents on Friday., night, and at Robertson on Saturday nights, THE DIVIDING: FENCE,-At; the Bowjral Police-Court' on the-:> 14th; fast-., Mrs. ..Wood, sued the- Commercial Banking Company of-Sydney- fot:.£2f '4/9, being; cost of half of dividing fence erected between their lands; . A verdict was. given against the bank for £21 12/9, with 7/6 costs of court, and £1. 5/ ex-' penses of witnesses. Mr. Elliott (solicitor for, the-bank); thereupon, gave formal notice of appeal to the- Supreme Court for a prohibition. We learn that the bank has since withdrawn the appeal and settled the. case -as per verdict.. ' . , i76,6oo-acres of Tand; were: inundated'tby the recent northern' river; floods. The total value of the crops- destroyed: is estimated at ,£21.7,824. ".THE: Savings Bank is as:, safe as: tile Bank of England^" affirmed Sir George Dibbs on-Friday last, the.day the:AJ..S". Bank stopped payment. ' ! MANY people- believed this, for, on- that day the. deposits in the Government P. O. Savings Bank in Sydney amounted to ,£"29,000, a sum. consider ably beyond, the average daily receipts. GEORGE-I wonder why Ethel calls, me her chrysanthemum? Blinks-Sho may have discovered the fact that ypu haven't a cent. 0 Ohc ometo th ete asho whit hme-, Andb uya po undo f thebe st, 'Twillpr oveam ostex cellentt ea,. . Itsq ua, lit yal lwi Ua tte st 'Tiso nly f oursh illings apo.und,. j Soc omet othet eama. rtan dtry,. ! Nob etterc anel sewh erebefou nd> i Ort hatan.yoth er needb uy-."" THE culvert that has recently been put ijn on the Centennial Road is a marked improvement,. although a-- few - pQiyds could'be wisely spent in a-little filling-" in and forming adjacent to the Bowral end of the culvert.. LORD CARRINGTON'S splendid carriage . and very smart turnout at. the Drawing Room excited: much admiration, says Truth, Indeed, " the Radical Lord Chamberlain" went to court with a magnificence which- none of his recent predecessors in office had exhibited. Lord Breadalbane was the last Lord Chamberlain who did things really en prince- on such, occasion. WHO IS HE ?-There-are even mean men in Bowral!' A newspaper circulating but not printed there recently received a letter from a resident in Bowral which had a decidedly religious flavour. After lauding the paper to the skies and in forming the editor that his productions contained' mental nutrition for all, from the young 7-year-old to the . oldest in habitant, he says: As yet I am not among the number of your subscribers because lalways read.it freely at the' School of Arts. But I hope. (D.V.) to subscribe soine day." He then coolly advises the editor to take courage in his editorial difficulties and suggests what lie thinks will improve the paper. " His work will not be in vain in the the Lord. God in heaven will help," and so on, and so on. Yes, papers need a lot of help from sucli readers.^ Scrutineer. ; THE Australasian Pastorajists' Review says there are too many shows held in, regard to sheep, and that the small prizes offered| prevent the- best of flocks being exhibited.. A WIFE'S PLACE.-The Rev. John Pen man told his people and friends, at the welcome social:-"I want you to understand clearly that I -married my wife for myself-not tq -go all over the , place from Dan to Beetshebaat the call of everyone, and so neglect her home and family. It makes me feel religious when I see things clean at home." M,oss VALE boasts of a footballer- who kiclcpd a goal at 93 yards 3. inches, and , - can, kick just as well with, his, boots off. What next ? THE-. WATTLE-DARK REMEDY FOR: DIPH THERIA.-The Scrutineer publishes, the ^ following reply to-M,r. Copeland, Ben ' ' nett, Bowral:-" In reply, to your en ;, quiry we have no further particulars as. . to. the Wattle Bark, remedy for diptheria ! than given by the correspondent.. While- it may be a ready and effectual cure far same, amateur treatment for. diphtheria should.never be attempted if prompt medical aid ean be procured 1 .' although, in.the bush this is not often . . possible. Diphtheria, is dangerously cqnlagious.and there could be no,harm, in a- trial. o£ the simple remedy- if- no. doctor, were handy. Perhaps the correspondent will give his. recipe for making same,, whether, infusion, or, de coction." ROUGH*-The Scrutineer says that so far as order and cleanliness go the alder men of Moss Vale show their mind to void of common, decency and utterly ! disregardful: of- the town's^ interests. .THE " Short Dress-League " is said; to-be prospering. ?.A STUPID GHOST;-We have-, heard of \- many eccentric-things, done by ghosts, but wa never heard of such a stupid: ghost as the one that can think of no., belter-way of telling its little stony to-be Mrs., Hart at Maclean than, by heaving 1 stones at her roof.. Why, the horse- or the dog knows better now to make its wishes- and wants known to its mastsr \- thajt these blundering creatures. IN the cricket match-last Saturday Mr. J. Griffiths did great damage with, the pall.. At one time- he sent a bail spin ning for .30J yards,, and- at another splintered a stump. j -IT-is said that you:can look at green until all is blue. j "NIGHT AND DAY " for March is- of a j special character, being devoted mainly . to pressing home the statements made \- in.a recent letter addressed by Dr. Bar-! : - nardo to the supporters of the Homes. ? A debt on mortgage has, it appears, been hanging for years over the insti . tutions with which Dr. Barnardo's name*is»associated. It was incurred ; for the purpose of erecting the various buildings of the Homes, as only by a capital expenditure of this nature coul ; this object be attained. Now, although 'the current income is sufficient for cur rent needs, this burden of undischarged debt has become too pressing to be borne, and the Homes are face to face with the necessity, unless the sum of at least /"io,ooo is immediately subscribed, of narrowing their conditions and: re fusing candidates who prove themselves to be- destitute; A little voting pap accompanies the magazine on whic readers are invited to-' express their views as to the policy which the'Homes ought to pursue. The other contents of the magazine include a well' illus trated series of case-histories, of admis sions,* many interesting notes on recent gifts in aid of the funds ; a biography of the late Mr. William Williams; and a statement with regard to- emigration, from which it appears that the Homes have already emigrated' nearly 5,800. trained and tested young people. There are at present nearly 5000 boys and girls under the charge of these institu tions, necessitating an expenditure of ^"150 per da}' for food alone. OBITUARY.-The Earl of Derby,, aged 66. ANOTHER.-The Southern " Building, Mortgage, and Investment Company ' of Goulburn suspended payment on Saturday morning. The assets were said to be over £6000 more than was owing to creditors. The shareholders believe the most honorable course has been taken. A scheme of future pro ceedings is being considered. MR. J. L. CAMPKELL has commenced his campaign; lie speaks at Helensburgh this evening. Other meetings through, out the electorate follow immediately. A REVISION Court for the purpose of re vising the electoral list of Camden for the police district of Beriima, will be held at the Court-house> Moss Vale,, on Wednesday, 17th May, at 11 a.m. FIRE !-Our respected contemporary the Scrutineer was nearly extinguished last week. A heap of paper was discovered alight on the floor of the composing room, but was quickly stamped out. This incident has urged the editor to advocate' a fire-brigade being estab lished. AN ARITHMETICAL PROBLEM.-Here is a nut for our young friends to crack: "There were three boys engaged in selling apples. Two had thirty apples each, and the third sixty apples. The first boy sold his apples at four a penny, therefore realised seven pence half penny. The second sold at six a penny and therefore got five pence. The two therefore obtained a shilling and a half penny. But the third boy sold his sixty apples at five for a penny and therefore only realised one shilling. To sell five apples for a penny ought to bring in as much as to sell two for a half-penny and another three for a half-penny, but it seems it does not, if different people own the two apples and the three.. Fight it out boys. > MESSRS. Ritchings and Young ar,e favor ably recovering from their injuries, re ceived through a fall from a building in Bong Bong-street. 