A 1LLtO?Ti' L??S ADVEN TUIlES. 110W A DESERVING YOUNG MAM WON HIS SWEETHEART. HIREE o'clock in the orning is a:. W uncanny hour the worldlover except at police headquarters or in th oice office of morning newispaper, and it was in this 'atter mplace, at the hour named, that four or fire leporters, hrving sent in all their copy and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes becauso he had two columns of spaco and ten columns of matter that "muat go in," sat with their feet on the tables and their chairbacks knocking the plastering off, talking over the subject which is just asnew to day as "t was when Adan doffed his beatcr and said "Hfow d'y'do!" to Eve. Every fellow in the crowd was a bachelor, and each one was informing the other in all seriousness that he should marry. "What for!" intquired Claude Brown of Frank Jones. "Because," replied Frank, " it's the only proper way to live." "A nice husband a reporter would make,' said Claudo in rebuttal, "coming in at 3 o'clock l.m. and leaving honmos soon as lie got his 12 o'clock breakfast." " But his wife would always know whero ho was, and if she didn't, she'd know where ever hlie was after an item and had to be back at the oflice on time," remarked Charlio Smith. " Well," put in Ciaudo, "if you think it's such a great snap, why don't you get married !" S"Can't," said Charlie, very positively. " Why not!" "Thunsderation, man, low's.a fellow to buy a whole stenmboat when lhe hasn't money enough to buy a splinter off a stage plank! How's a man to buy a house and lot when he can't buy a shovel full of dirt!" "That's it," interrupted Claude; " how's a man to do anything if he doesn't do it ! What's the matter with marrying a rich girl ?" l ''here' the girl ?" queried Charlie. " Plenty of them. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and they will trust a husband when they won't trust an elder in the church. Besides, what's the good of her money if the girl has her heart set oa abeus. hand and can't get him ?" Smith argued awhile against matrimony, and at half-past tinee startedl for home. [io ina thinking the conversation over and as ie trudged along it occurred to him thati a bachelor was inotonly a knot on a log, but he was a very toesonmeo knot. Ils way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city, and as he passedt a fine house, his reverie was disturbed by the pecuiar click of a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked all awry by the reportorial instinct, and he saw, instead of a blushing, bloom. ing Mrs. Smith, a burglar ceacking a millionoiro's dining-room and making off with his silver. Hle thought of the beauti ful scoop he was going to have on the other fellows and slipping into the shadow, he waitel and listened. Click went the lock again, as if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious to open the door than ie was to preserve the ordinary burelarious quiet. Thi reporter scrutinised the door closely and discovered that the robber was not ou the outside,but was evidently within, and was working his way out, and he felta thud of excitement at the thought of being able to espture hIis man with the boodle on his person. lie sliplped his revolver out of his pocket, trained it on the door, and an instant afterward the door swung open and Charlie was readly to cry "throwi up your hands," when instead of a Ihurglar, a ghost can?me ouot. "It can't be a ghost." lie whispered in an assuring tone to himself, " for ghosts don't unlock doors. They just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, what the iunce is it!" ..Ite hadn't long in wait, for whoever or whatever it was came out into the vestibule and down tihe steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movement-s, and when about half way to the pavement stopped. " By garry," said the reporter, " it's a woman, and sho's got on a night gown. I'll have to see about this," and with his revolver readly in caso of accident, lie steppedl out of the shadow and spoke to the ghostly walker. " Good evening," the said, nervously. " No, excuso iie, I mean good morning. If you're going to market, maytbe you'd better .o' back and put ovi an ulster." Ordinarily Charlie would have been moue gallant, but this. was anything but an ordinary affair, and he did'nt require news lptper instinct to tell lhim so. 'The sheeted figure made no reply, but moved again and camne towardl himn. The cohl chills chased cach other down his back and lie looked for a policeman, with the usual result. "Stand back," lie said, "this pistol ain't "loaded, but it might go off." But oii it came, and Charlie found that his legs wouldn't move, in spite of all hlie conuld tdo to make them. Ono step more and he stood face to face with his strango discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, and he began to feel better. "1 beg your pardon," he said, "but the night air is cool, and you appear to be dressed rather lightly. Can I reniter you any assistance. Is there anyone in the house that has frightened you ?" Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own wonus, steplead to the young, woman's side and gently took her by the Slue turned her face to him and then ithe mystery was solveuld. "Another Amina," he said. "'La Son namnbula ' off the stage, with a reporter as first tenor and leading man. Well, this is ago 1" "I've got to take her in the house any how, that's plain," he said to himself, and le gently led the willing walker back up to the door and rang the bell, and rang its with a forty-horve nswer draft. The nexa minute the beautiful eleep walker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlio had a very plump young womnan in his arms in a dead faint, and lie made a dash with his burden into the 1ll, only to meet a healthy young man in even less dishabille. "What's this*." he shouted, making a grab at Charlie's threat. "Shut lie door, you idiot," gurgled Charlie, droppine the girl on the floor anei almost putting iiis foot on her, after the manner of sic semper tyramnis. "'iihat does this meaonl" again shouted the young mai, and the remainder of the family came tumbling downstajire, none of them fixed to see company. "'Let go of me and shut that door, anoi I'll tell you," wshcoel Charlie. "Yon don't want to raise the neighbourhood and bring the patrol weggon, do you ." Boime of the other members of the family by this time had rescued the reporter and shut the door, and while the mother and the servants carried the unconscious girl ipstairsl Charlio told the father and son how tie haad met tlin young lady and wsit the trouble was. Both men klieiv him by sight, and had met him oil 'Change amnm elsecwere, aid it was notdillicult to explainl the situation. Ihalf an hour later the reporter was at home, in bed and dreaming sweet dreams nf pretty girls and all oorto of romantic things. When le reached the oflico next day a note was waiting for him,nanl tie was invited to call that evnlling on the mnother of the young lady. 1if called, of course. 1leaw the mother; lie saw tho daughter, blushing aid beauti. ful, and now if Charlio is a bachelor muchd longer therowill be a breach of promise suit, or eome other dreadful calamity, for Charlio's) mind is made up. Lumly (o shopman) : "l'hy 'Io you calh\ this the ' Nature Iuros '!" Sihopman . 