INSIDE NEWGATE, ] BY JAMES QBEENW00D, TUB AMNEF.UR CASUAL. Author of ' Tho Amateur Casual,' ' Uiulor a-Cloud,' ' A Little RngamuiEri,' ' Dick Tomplo,' ' Almosb Loao,' ' Roubon Davidgor,' ' Humphroy. Dyob,' ' Wilds of London,' ' In Strango Company,' ?? Unsentimental Joumoyei,' ' ' Low Life Deeps,' 'Silas tho Conjuror,' 'Jorry Jacksmith, of Lowor London,' ' Tug, Rag, and Co,,' ' Fair Phyllis of Lavender Wharf,' 4c, &o.; ~ * ' ~ 'TTHE gaol ab Newgate, rogardod merely as ^» a place of safe keeping for evil doers on whom tho law has laid a repressive hand, is one of tho most interesting of prisons. It was tho lion of its kind in tho old times ; bub of lato years it, is shorn of its claws, and has attained a dogroo of tamonoss that in Captain Mncheath's time, would have been deemed impossible. Tho spiked wiokot is no longer kopb by a fierce gaolor, surly as a. mastiff at tho mouth of his konnel, but by an affable official, respectful and civil aa a well bred footman. My cicerone was mi elderly and oxpori encod warder, and by way possibly of mak-' ing known to me the fact that if I had gained admittance under false protonccsand. with sinister iutontions I should find that I had made a'sorious mistako, he led the way to an apartment and opened a cupboard, whero the fottcrs.woro kept — a brighb shin ing row of the modern pnttcrn, wibh a few examples of tho auciont ' darbies,' uiiph as, I suppose, woreusad at a time whon tho art of breaking out as well as gotbiug into New gate was a bnmeb of tho ' professional's ' education — monstrous things, some of them — ond' he unhitched a pair of wrist-irons from the hook, and thoy weighod at loust a quarter of a hundredweight, and bhe log irona to match wore evon tnoro massive. In tho same roceptaclo, and evidently preserved as precious moinontoosof tho past, wero tho anvil and hamtuor with which at the last momont tho cruol blacksmith .struck off the galling en'aumbranco, together with several othor interesting relics of the good old time, Tho irons, I was informed, wore noldom or never used now, excopt when prisoners wero in courso of removal from ono prison to another. ? ? ? - « I camo on many other things that used to bo tho prido and glory of Now^ato, bub, which had been abandoned since tho renowned criminal stronghold had mended it* manners. I saw, too, tho black holo — half-a-doKon black holes indeed — but no ono is over placed in thorn. Anothor Nowgato institution, obsorved from timo' itnmomurial, is now obsolete — tho condemned sermon'. I ascertained this from my conductor as wo stood in the prison chapel. Ab of old, bo tho loft and to the right thoro ,aro spapes in which tho criminal congregation* is accommodated, railod off from tiio'rcsb of bhe sacred chamber by spiked bars of iron stout onough to secure the mosb ferocious creatures of prey evor exhibited ab .a menagoric, and there too was the doomed ono's chair (I always understood that ho gat in a pow), u stiff and straightbacked blaok chair which, when occupied, was placed apart from any1ot]ior soaband in fair view of trio parson in tho pulpit. Bub ho now parbicipatcs in tho sermon in common with tho rest, and is nover specially preached at. But if there is no condemned sermon, Newgate is still faithful to its condemned cell. Except for Us terrible associations and for tho fact that hundreds of miserable wrdtchos havo sab at that tablo a.nd' lain on that bedstoad, counting the rapid hours thab scemod so hungrily anxious to cat up their dwindling remnant of existonce, there is nothing dreadful about tho condomnod cell. It is aboutthosfcteof an ordinary underground back-kitchen, and about as well-lighted. There is a littlo shelf, on which repose tho dying man's plate and his pannikin, and his hymn-book and testament, ,and his Bible, unnecessarily branded ' Nowgata ' on tho leaves. There' is a very small deal table and a littlo form, and theso last-mentioned articles of furniture, as well as tho floor boards, aro scrubbed white, and tho vaulted coiling is white, and the walls. Thore is many a coll in which a poor man with his family is condemned to live and pay several shillings a week for, in ..tho shape of renb, that is nob nearly so desirable a placo of abode as regards cleanliness and good ventilation. There is no fireplace, and tho gas jot burns ina little wire cage, presum ably to prevent frantic persons from attempt ing suicide by burning. I asked whether tho condemned, as a rule, gavo much1 trouble''; tho warder- ana wored unhesitatingly, ' No I There were oxcop tions, of course ; but gonornlly, after they got over tho first fright, thoy sottled down wonderfully calm, and remained so until the last,' which is ovidonao thab ib is in human nature to dread death itself less than tho torture of the ' cat.' Ib is, in the oxpori enco of every prison official 'I ? ever talked with on the subject; that | a ruffian^being uncertain asito the morning'Whon ;ho is to. have, as' ho himself would .(say,-'' claws for breakfast,' is in tho^habibj of lying :nighb after night in a sweat of terror lesb to-niorrow should be tho doleful day. , Bub there is one feature of Newgate's intoriOr,a recollection of whicll will probably' abide in the 'memory of tho. man; who sets eyes on it, long after all else connected with the grim prison is forgotten — the murderers' burying;-ground. When one ?. reads thab 'the- body of the malofactor was the same, afternoon buried within the precincts of ;.the' ,gaol,' the natural inference is that thoro is a gravoyard, that thero is a spot, at tho rear of thechapel vory likely, sob apart for the interment of those who aro sacrificed to the law's just vongeanco, and thab, though tho unhallowed hillocks are devoid of head or footstone, there is a rogistry kept, by which tho authorities can toll whose diiigracod. remains they cover. This, however, in by no . means tho system adopted. Tho guide, unlocking a door, discovers a narrow paved alloy, between two very \ tall, rough-hown walls, which aro adorned with wliitowash. They alley is, perhaps, . five and-lweiity yards long, and nob so wide bub that two men joining hancla could easily touch the sides of ib, and ab the end there is a grated gate. 'This,' remarks the civil warder, 'is where wo bury 'em, and you naturally con olude.that he alludes to a space beyond tho 'gate, and thab he is aboub to traverse the alloy, and open it. Instead of .this, barely has ho stepped over the threshold than ho points to the letter ' S,' dimly visible on the wall's su'rfuce. ' And,' says he, ' Slib wizen, who was hanged for murdering his wife and burning her body,' and boforo your breath, suspendod by the startling announcement, is restored to you, ho lays his forefinger on another lottor a few inches off. ' Ketchcalf, who cub tho throat of hia fellow-servant ; Brambloby, who split his father's skull with a garden spude ; Greenacro, who inur dorod Hannah Brown and afterwards cut up bur body,' and ho us ho keeps shift ing, barely a foot tit a timo along the whiboned wall, ho goes on adding to tho horrible list, whilo tho ghastly fact dawns on you that every letter donotos a body cub .down from tho gullows, and that the pavo monl. you nro walking on is bodded in tho remains of who slmll nay how;, many mnlo and female murderers ? Wo are compara tively modoi'iito in modern times in tho uso of Lho hempen cord us a remedy against) man-slaying, but it was only n generation back, wlion businosa wus exceedingly brisk in that line ; a hanging wus looked for in the Old Bailey on a Monday almosb as much as a matter, of course as tho cattlo-mtirkot in Stnit.hfiold on a Friduy. Then, as now, tho dreadful littlo lane botwoon the high walls was the only placo nf sepulchre for those who passed out' to death through tho Debtor's door. Tho very paving stonos boar witness to tho many timos thoy huvo boon roughly forced up by unskilled hands thab a hole may bo dug for tho reception of tho poor cofllncd wretches wh'.i war .iiiii'lilim' for n Mhrnnl. 'i'hoiu is lint u wi)ul(J 1-.i*iiii;-.sUj1iu iu^lllO, I ii^Ui of dhu alley, ami they are pat.Rlir | -nd cobblod and moiidnd with . clubs h mortar in tho most unhandsome way. ' A very largo numb'or must havo boc'i buried horo uh onn Mmn find iinnt.hnr' I remarked. ' Bless you, yes, sir,' roplio' tho Nowfrnto warder of long HOrvico, ' yoi enn'b half soo tho lottors. They nood to be ,all over tho othor wall a8 woll, but, being wliitonod ovory year, tho lottors at last got filled up.' It was nob a pleasanb idea, and I boliovo thab the cracked and unstablo condition of tho .paving stones suggested it, but it came into my mind an I scanned the wulle and mado ont scores and scoreB of ancient letters, showing ghost-like through tho obliterating whitewash, what a hideous crowd it would mako if bh'oso to whom the initial applied, could all in a momont be recalled tb life. Tho narrow alloy would not hold bhom all. Thore would onsuo such a forocious crushing and striving for escape thnt thoro would bo murder done over again and such work for tho hangman thab he would be striking for extra pay. 