Reünarkabta Cases of Tranca. The most remarkable case of resuscitation known is thu« recorded in that excellent periodical, " NotfB and Queries," by Dr. Falconer, ïrom an account furnished t> him by an eje-v itnes», Sir. Claude M Wade, C.B., formerly pditicil agent at the court of SuDJeot Sin^h It describes the resuscitation of a fakir who had been buried alive, as follows : For some lime previons to interment the fakir sustained himself on rice only, subse- quently excbnoged for rice water ; after ?having been thus dieted be rolled up a piece .of cotton in the form of a small ball, which ne swallowed ; afterwards he took milk, all "which, it is said, passed in an unchanged condition. Thta appeared to be the test of his being in a 'fit -slate to undergo interment The natural -apertures of the body, with the exception ot the mouth, were stopped i with wax. The fakir then squatted duwn, opened his mouth and with his fin yera turned the point of his tongue backwards, and closed the mouth. Almost immediately after this be seemed to fall into a state ot «olltpte. 'fie was then placed in a bag, put into » 'hoz in the position he had assumed, and let down in a cell and buried. Aîter he had been buried for six weeks the cell was opened in the presence of Rumjeet Singh and Sir C. M. 'Wade. The fakir waa removed from 'the box and the bag opened by Dr. Macgregor, who was also present ; no beating of therheart could be detected, nor pulsation at rhe'wriBts. The general appearance of the body was corpse- like ; the face was swollen and "the head, which reclined on one side, was warm to the touch. Resuscitation was com- menced by pouring warm water on the bead, «nd1 the successive application also to the head of three or four freBb half-baked wheaten cakes. The w»x wob removed from the nostrils, its removal being followed by a convulsive movement of the whole body ; the wax {rom the other apertures was then removed, next the mouth was opened with some little tforee, the jaws being clenched, and the tongue ?drawn forward ; some difficulty, however, was at first experienced in retaining the tongnein rita natural position. The eyelids were sepa* ?rated, moved up and down and rnbbed ; «general friction completed the means of " «resuscitation. In the course of thirty or forty minutes the fakir recovered, and his 'first remark, made to Bnnjeet Singh in the language of his country, was " You believe me now ?" On being asked whether he retained any consciousness during interment. be replied that he had been in a dreamy state. Some three or four months after this occurrence he died, but his death was not attributed tohispreviousprotracted interment. A very curiona story is told in the north- west of Somersetshire concering a lady who lies bnried in St. Decuman'a Church, situated between Williton and Watcbet. Sir William Wyndham, who died in October, 1683, mar- ried Frances, the daughter of Anthony Hungerford, of Fairley Castle. Several sons and daughters were bom to them, and then, mach to tbe grief of her lord, the lady fell ill, and apparently died. She waa put into a coffin, carried up to the hill side, and laid in the family vault in St. Decuman's Church, beBide another knightly Wyndham who had died several yearB previously. The mourners returned to the now desolate home, ate the funeral bakemeata, drank the consoling sup, and retired to rest. At midnight the sexton, one Will Attewell, might have been seen creeping stealthily along the nothern aisle of the cbnrch. He had a lantern in one hand and a chisel and file in the other. Proceeding to the Wynd- ham vault he forced open the lid of the coffin, ' been which had deposited there a few hours be- fore, and tbe feeble light from the lantern fell on the pallid face of Lady Wyndham. Her thin, white handB were crossed over her breast, and -on her fingers gleamed the jewelled gifts of her loving husband. At the sight of these -the sexton's eyes sparkled with delight, and he began to remove them from the tapering i fingers. One by one they slipped off the > fingers, but a beautiful diamond ring, tbe choicest gem the lady wore, refused to leave the hand of its dead mistresB. The sexton took np his file and began to cut through the .circle of gold. Ab he did so the file grated on the flesh and a drop of blood oozed out. ? How strange that a corpse should bleed ! »Then the hand wbb slowly withdrawn from his-grasp and the lady sat npright in her coffin. The sexton gave a shriek of terror and ned. [Realising what bad happened Lady Wyndham sprang ont of her coffin, took up the lantern which the sexton in his terror had left behind him, and ran to her old home. The .family had retired, but the noise eventually aroused a maid- servant, who looked out of the window and then ran shriek- ing through the house, " My lady's ghost íb at the door !" Sir'William was awakened; went to the .window and looked out. " O, William ! William ! Open quickly, .«for I am very cold," plaintively pleaded the (Upturned face. '( In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," he replied, " I adjure thee, <0 poor ghost, why troublest thou me?" ".0, William ! William !" sobbed the white robed figure, " I am no ghost, but your own true wife, alive and in the flesh. Open, 'William, dear, or I perish with the cold." With a great cry the astonished husband iian down stairs, unlocked the door, threw his .arms round the breathing form of Lady ^Frances.^and carried her to her room. There he learnt the means of her revival, and how at had beea brough» about. Lady Wyndham, «o strangely rescued from .a living tomb, recovered health and strength, And lived many years in the happiest union (with ber husband. In St. Decuman'a Church ?the tomb of Sir William Wyndham may be .seen, with figures upon it which are pointed out in confirmation of the story. Readers who may be interested in this »abject will find some valuable remarks in Dr. Carpenter's " Human Physiology." 