&@@al & @©m©gal Information has been received from London that Mr C. A. Hogg, son of the late Mr Thos. Hogg, of Trevallyn, has passed his final examination in the E din- borough University. A meeting of the Table Cape Eoad Trust was held at the Coffee Palace, Wynyard, Sep tember 6 (writesour correspondent). VanouB accounts were passed tor payment. The tender of A. Joyce for ICO yards Sin metal on the Cam road at 43 6d per yard was accepted, and the inspector was authorised to have the footpaths near the post-oflice and Bauld's Hotel gravelled and a culvert on Seabrook road repaired. Tenders are again to be called for cutting down the hill on the Flowerdale road near Mr MargettB's house, and also for re- making and straigh tening the main road at Mitchell's Creek. The collector stated that the road rate3 were being paid very slowly, and it was agreed that further steps would have to be taken uuless the payments were made shortly. Mks B. W. Counsel is to be congratu lated on the successful isBue of the concert provided by her for the residents of Derby on the 2nd inafc., (writes our correspon dent), a very pleasant couple of hours being spent by a good house, who showed their appreciation of the bill of fare provided, both by the order preserved and the applause elicited. Mrs Counsel was assisted by Mw C. Krushka, Misses E. Tilley and S. Barnett, Messrs Morgan and Casboult (chairman), of Derby, Mr Web ster (Ringarooma Valley), Misses Smith and H. and i2. Counsel, and Misses G-. Young and J. O'Kelly (Warrentinna), and Messrs Hodge and Martin (Branxholm). All the items were wall received ,but Miss H. Counsel's dancing fairly brought down the house, and regret was expressed that the non-arrival of her costume, through delay on the way, for a Spanish song and dance, in which she excels, necessitated this item being struck out. Br the s. Pateena from Melbourne, 8th inst., arrived a party of four Indian officers of tho Salvation Army, who went on by the express train to Hobarb the same afternoon, where the party remained until Wednesday, reaching Campbell I own en route toJLaunceston on 16th inst., where the party stopped that night, giving an address. On the IGth inst. t'he party will reach Launceston, and rest for the day, Saturday, Sunday, and Monday will be given to special addresses at the Salvation Army barracks, and Tuesday and Wednes day will be spent at Beaconsfield, after which the party will leave for South Australia, from which colony they will re-embark for India. '.I his party has already toured Queensland, New ! South Wales, and Victoria, where they ; have endeavoured to bring forward the needs of our great Indian dependency from a Salvationist point of view, and to show the work that has already been accomplished by the Army. Whole villages, if; ia claimed, have been converted to Christianity and have forsaken and burnt their idola. The names of the officers are Major Musa Bhai, Ensign Sadamand, Captain Muthiah, and Lieutenant Seya. Ensign Sadamand, who is by birth an Irishman, is secretary to the major, and has spent five years in India. Mb R. W. Smith's lecture on ' Dawning Nationality ' promises to at tract a large audience at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday, 18th instant. The lecturer will review the federation move ment from its initiation, and deal with the difficulties which have presented them selves in the past, and the means by which they may be overcome, in addition to which he will quote facts and figures com piled during the progress of the move ment. In view of negotiations for bring ing about union, which have been opened in several of the Australian colonies, the address will probably prove as interesting as it is seasonable. The hon. H. I. Rooke, M.L.C., will preside, and the lecture will no doubt attract the northern members of Parliament. I notice (writes Anglo-Australian in the European Mail) that tho offices of the Tasmanian agency have now a very good photograph of the exhibition buildings at Hobart that are being erected for the '94 show. There is also a plan of the spaces to let. At the agency, too, I came on Sir Robert Hamilton, who skill takes a really sympathetic interest in tho affairs of the colony of which he has so many agreeable reminiscences. Sir Robert is, I am pleased to say, looking very well. He is now residing at Redcliffe Square, South Kensington. The feeling aroused in this community against the V.D.L. Bank lottery scheme has in no wise abated by the passing of the bill. It has rather been accentuated, and steps are being taken to get the provisions of the measure rendered inoperative. Hon. Wm. Hart, it is well known, has all along been opposed to the proposal, and as he ia one of the liquidators it is believed he will be able to assist the Launceston oppo nents of the measure to get the action o£ Parliament in passing the bill nullified. With that end in view it is proposed to get up a petition for presentation to the liqui dators requesting them not to take advan tage of the powers conferred upon them by the act, and in that way the colony may be saved from the disgrace of being pointed at as encouraging the spirit of gambling. A committee meeting of the Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Association was held on Saturday afternoon to make final arrangements for their annual show, which is to be held on Wednesday next. There was a large attendance of members, and the stewards and other officials were appointed and various other routine work arranged. Mr Blackburn's tender for the right to sell refreshments on show day was accepted. Messrs W. T. Bell and Co. will hold the usual sale in the afternoon, and invite entries. ? Local representatives ot the leading life insurance companies are up in arms against the Government proposal to bring bonuses under the action of the income tax. They have drawn up a petition against that section of the bill' for presentation to Parliament and are getting it numerously signed by all classes of the community. Dr. Babnakdo, the well- known English philanthropist, makes a special appeal on behalf of the boys and girls under hia care. In a circular issued by him on the subject he states :— ' The time draws near when I should send my third party o£ trained boys for the current year to Canada, but I have not the means of doing so. If funds were forthcoming, my intention was to send, on the 10th day of the present month, 200 bright lads from our London homes who have proved themselves, after training and testing, likely to make good colonists. Then I hoped to follow these up towards the end of September with a final party of 63 girls, making in all 802 emi gratod. to the colonies during 1893 — or. from the beginning of the work, 6539. But our financial position at this season of tho year is one of such extreme pressure, and calls for such exercise of faith, that, how ever advantageous such emigration, may be, it seems impossible to accomplish what I have proposed, unless benevolent, friends, who have hitherto specially helped our emigration work with small or large gifts, sha'l feel themselves warranted in helping us once more.' The Jewish new year, a.m. 5654, com menced at sundown Sunday evening. The Hebrew civil year commences at the autumnal equinox (northern hemisphere), the same aa that of the Egyptian?, Syrians, Persians, and, other eastern people. The Jews _ celebrated their Passover in April, that ia to say the lunar month of which the fourteenth day falls either on or next following the day of tho vern.a.1 equ.in.QX, .Last year the Jewish year commenced September 22, but this time it is a li( earlier. Commencing Sunday evening th wa3 three days' cessation from labour. 1 celebration partakes of the nature o! Solemn festival. These three daya cc menco what are termed the 'Ten Days Penitence,' the last day of which is i ?well known ' Day of Atonement,' a icThe Feast of the Tabernacles,' whi lasts seven days, follows. As Mr A. E. Burrows, photographer, v crossing thie Quadrant 'in front of Mes Duval and Co.'s studio on Saturday moi ing he had a rather unpleasant exp'i-ien He had occasion to pass close to a hoi standing in the road, when the aniu suddenly seized him by the arm in 1 mouth, and shook him severely. I Burrows, was, of course, taken complete ?Unawares, and was, by the force the ania used, thrown violently in the roadwf sustaining a somewhat severe shock a; some slight abrasions, but otherwise no: the worse for the incident. There is a local tale told of the Esrl Pife, the boon companion of George I\ ?which, now that his successor, the JJuke, at his Banffshirr3 home, Duff House, appropriate, according to the Sun, and i the story has net previously appeared i print. The old Earl, when out walkin one day, came across a poor man breakin stones by the roadside. ' Oh ! Adam Adam .'' was his reiterated complain ' What is the cause of your outcry agaim poor Adam ?' was the query of the Ear 'To think that had it not been for Adat and Eve's curiosity man would not hav been forced to earn his bread by th sweat of his brow,' was the repl.v ' Well, my man,' rejoined the Ear] ' come up to my house; I will undertaki to give you a good dinner every day si ong as you can refrain from inquiring ?what may be in one certain dish, ove: 'which a cover shall be placed.' ** That's easy enough,' was the reply. Th- man ate his dinner, in accordance with th- agreement, for some weeks, but one day th- fatal curiosity which tempted our fathe: and mother in the Garden of Eden over came the earl's prote'ge' — just to have om peep under the dish. But no sooner wa: the thought carried into execution than i mouse jumped from under the cover. Th- dinners, of course, were discontinued, anc the man returned to his stone- break ine not quite so ready to rail at the folly oi Mother Eve as before the temptation hac been placed in his way by the Earl oi Pife. A dctei, was fought in the streets of Paris recently between two girls, both of whom are now lying in one of the hospitals severely wounded. The girls, who are but 16 or 17 years of age, are employed in a cardboard box factory. Having quarrelled during their work they decided' to settle their differences in a duel that was fixed to take place' in the Rue Saint Martin. At the appointed hour both girls arrived on the scene armed with knives. The struggle which followed was of short duration, one girl plunging her knife into the other's shoulder, whilst she herself received a wound in the face, the knife passing right through the nose and penetrating the eye. This savage encounter lasted but a few seconds. Several passers-by, who came up shortly afterwards, carried both girls to a chemist's shop, where their wounds were dressed. They were, however, so severely injured as to necessitate their removal to a hospital. In connection with the appointment of a house surgeon for the Launceston Hospital, a position which has been ren dered vacant by the resignation of Dr. Jermya, some correspondence has taken place between the Chief Secretary and Mr G. T. Collins in reference to the salary to bs paid the successful candidate, la the advertisement calling for applicants, the salary was originally stated to be .£230, subject to 21- per cent, reduction, which would virtually make ifc .£224. 5s. The Chief Secretary wrote to Mr Collins in forming him of the fact that in the estimates for 1894 passed by the House of Assembly the salary was put down at £223, but he expressed the belief that a medical man well qualified to fill the position at the hoipital could now be obtained afc a lower rate of remunera tion ; at any rate, .£200 per annum, Mr Collins replied at once, stating that the advertisement would be altered in accor dance with the sum set down in the esti mates, and whoever gets the position will start at the reduced salary. At the ssime time Mr Collins went on to say — 'The board of management cannot consent to advertise for a person at a lower rate of pay for the following reasons, viz , that the duties of the house aurgeoe are onerous ; that he has to take his due pro portion of the patients in the hospital, and on to take sole charge in the absence of the itle surgeon-superintendent. In other hos ere pitals possibly the duties of the house ?he surgeon would principally be confined to t' a dressing ; but in this institution they are im- very nearly equal to those of the surgeon of superintendent. It is therefore absolutely the necessary that a thoroughly competent ,nd medical .officer should occupy the posi ich tion.' Mb A. Picton, who has for some con gas siderable time past acted in the capacity srs of Launceston correspondent to the N.W. rn- Post, and has also from time to time con ce. taibuted to the columns of the Examiner, rse left this city Monday morning en route ml for West Devonport. The reason of Mr bis Picton's sudden departure ia that he has VLi been fortunate enough to obtain an impor jly tant position on the literary ataff of the lal N.W. Post, the duties of which he will iy, undertake forthwith. Although Mr Picfcon ad will undoubtedly be sincerely missed by his lie many friends and acquaintances in oar little literary circle hojee, it goes without of saying- that one and all heartily join to Tif gether in wishing him the most hearty is success in his new sphere, is A man named Eichard Wakeham, aged i8 27, a miner at Derby, was admitted to the in General Hospital Monday suffering from g a broken leg, caused by a fall of earth on g Saturday afternoon last. He was attended i to by the house Burgeon, and is progressing fc, favourably. ?fc A very sudden death occurred at 1, Wynyard on Friday, the 8bh inst. (writes n our correspondent) in the demise of Miss e Powlett, sister of Mr W. Powlett, a well e known and highly respected resident of r, Wynyard. Miss Powlett rose as usual on [( the above-mentioned day, and began her e usual duties apparently in good health, but 3 feeling somewhat ill a little time after j wards she laid herself down, and in the I c brief space of an hour she was an inanimate r ?» corpse. The mortal remains of the de- I 5 ceased were interred in the Burnie f 3 cemetery on? Sunday last. Great sympathy t 3 is expressed for the bereaved ones. — a r Larrikinism is reigning rampant, what with t . howling about the streets, breaking the c B stillness of the midnight hour like the c 3 letting loose of some of those barbarians* I i hailing from the South Sea Islands, where t 5 the light of common behaviour has ne/er t I penetrated; the removing of sign-boards, S , the erecting of low fences across the g \ Queen's highway. Some of the young men a I of Wynyard and its surrounding environs IV ! are becoming a pest and a disgrace to a a civilised community. . t] , Mb William Knox, managing director w , of the Mount Lyell Company, was present fc at the speech day at the Colonial College, h Suffolk, on July 29, and at the invitation ai of the authorities addressed the distin- 4i guished gathering. He said he felt that after the eminently practical address given C by the Earl of Onslow it would be presump- fe tion to add much. 'I am sorry,' continued pi Mr Znox, addressing the chairman, ' that ds your experience of our colonies has led you di to think that we are wanting in respect to oi .our seniors.' That tendency, he admitted, tr. did exist to some extent, but if any- A thing could be said in extenuation el of it the fact must be remem- D bered that the colonies were young, and B would improve as age came upon them. Ci Australia was passing through a financial el crisis, but would emerge from her diffi- H culties stronger than ever. The popula- al tion, unfortunately, flocked into the cities, Sc instead of going away back into the al country and getting from mother earth re those fruits which she was so willing to ca yield. The young gentlemen of the college mi would always find a great field open to of them at the antipodes, for although some Ia1 of the colonies were not encouraging emi- ev gration to any great extent, young men of energy and determination could always get tic on. Sir Edward Braddon, K.C.B., Agent- s.ti General for the colony, was also present. Hi Otje Breadalbaae correspondent writes th under Monday's date that on Saturday an last, before Mr D. Mackinnon and a jury sh of seven, an inquest was held at that place wi on the body of Sarah Harris, who had died an suddenly on the evening of the previous thi Thursday. After hearing the evidence of Ju Dr. J. G. Johnson and another witness the To jury returned a verdict in accordance with diE the medical testimony, viz., that deceased's we death had been caused by hemorrhage of La the brain. rec A very good story is going round with La regard tothe Parliamentary fight, and its 48 accuracy is vouched for by a London corres- ceu pondent of the Leeds Mercury. A member ins of Parliament was a passenger on one of dea the West End 'buses and asked the con- dui ductor to let him down at a print outside of the House of Commons, where omnibuses, spo for the better convenience of members of inci Parliament crossing the road into Palace ave Yard, are not allowed to stand. The con- Auj ductor accordingly refused to stop, where- To upon the member, who of course was known as such, became rather indigm and insisted on the horses being pulled in order to allow him to dismount. The c ductor bore his ill-tempered complaints a moment or two, and then sudde: silenced him with the crushing ret- ' Look here, mister, if it's a fight yer wa cut across to the House of Commons.' 1 conductor waB just a little astonished wl he discovered that he had made his adnc able suggestion to an actual member that illustrious assembly. According to the revised lists there s now, says Dalziel, living in . Prussia for: three men who took part in the expediti against Napoleon in 1813. The majori were born between 1786 and 1797. T oldest of them is Herr Goehring Otfcensc a watchmaker, who lives near Hambui who has reached the age of 107. Next com Herr Wygold, of Velpert-on-the-Rhir who is 104. The majority of these reli of the Napoleonic wars live in the provin of Pomerania, the inhabitants of whom a reckoned among the stoutest of the Geruif peasantry. The Hanoverians, also a sturc race, have preserved eight of the heroei Silesia possesses six, the Rhenish provinc four ; Berlin counts but one, Chiiste Mueller, born in 1795. One officer andoi general officer are in the list, Gener; Mueller, a Hanoverian, born in 1790, an Colonel Von Halzendorf, a Saxon, born i 1789\. CZ£ A sad accident occurred near Kanika, o the Bengal-Nagpur railway, the other dai Mr Sargon, a permanent- way inspecto: was trollying between Jamga and Kaniki svhen he saw a tigress and two cubs croa :he railway in front of him. Stopping th irolly he took a snap shot at the tigress a ihe was making off, and thinking she wa )adly hit told some men near by to traa ier, while he went on to Kanika, tw niles away, for the assistance of Mr Moss Returning together to the spot, and no inding any of the men about, they decide* o track the tigress themselves. Shorbb ifter starting they, got separated, owing t' ihe thick undergro wth. Mr Sargon suddenly same across the beast sitting over thi jorpse of a beater she had just killed mmediately on seeing him she gave i errific roar and sprang on him, as hi urned to seek cover after firing at her !he made good her spring, bore him to th- round, and buried her teeth into his skul nd neck, killing him on the spot. Mi loss, rushing up on hearing the roar Imost walked over her as she lay hid ir be long grass. He finished her with s ?ell aimed shot in the head. It was theD -und that the first shot fired by SargOE ad broken one of her hind legs above the nkle joint. The tigress measured lOfi in. The half-yearly meeting of the Loyal ornwall Lodge was held at the Odd illows' Hall on Tuesday, N. G. Simms residing, when there was a good atten mce of the brethren, much interest being isplayed in the proceedings. After the ?dinary routine business had been got irough, two new members were initiated, fter this the following officers were duly ected for the ensuing term : — P.P.G.M. oolan, N.G. ; Bro. A. P. Mills, V.G. ; ro. James Turner, secretary ; P.P.G.M. urran and P. C. Carter, auditors (re ected). The medical officers, Drs. Pardey, olmes, Cotterell, Pike, and Thrower, were sore-elected: During the meeting P..G-. )lomon movpd the recommendation of the teration of by-law No. 7 of the district, ducing the-' initiation fees, which was rried after a long discussion by a large ajority. There still being a large amount business to transact, aDd the hour being be, the lodge adjourned till next Monday ening. The report of the Government Statis ;ian on the vital and meteorological ttiatics of the registration districts oi Dbart and Launceston shows that during e month of August 169 births— 93 males d 76 females— were registered. This ows an increase of 21 births as compared th the corresponding month last year d an increase of 13-20 as compared with, a average of the births registered in ne during the last five yearly period, every 1000 of the population of the two itricts the proportions of births registered re as follow:— For Hobari', 3-06 ; for unceston, 2-82 ; all, 297. The deaths jistered in August in Hobart and unceston numbered 105— 57 nialoa and females; 33 deaths, or 31'43 per it. of the whole, took place in public titutions. The total number of i,ths registered in the two districts ?ing August, 1893, shows an increase six as compared with the corres nding morth last year, and shows an rease of 11-80 as compared with the rage' number of deaths registered in just during the last five-yearly period, every 1000 of the population of the not respective divisions the proportions of int, deaths registered were as follow : — Hobart, v up 1*79; Launceston, 1'93 5 all, 184. The on- deaths tinder five years of age numbered for 25, or 23-81 per cent., of which 20 were nly under one year of age; the deaths between jrt, five and 65 years of age numbered f nts 1 41, or 39 05 per cent., and the ?he deaths 65 years and upwards numbered len 39, or 3714 per cent. The returns from lir- the country districts were as follow : — ? of North-eastern, births 72, deaths 18 ; north western, 105 — 17; midland, 58 — 16; Bouth ire eastern, 44—20, south-western, 7 - 2 ; all V ty- country districts, 286—73. The total re- l :on turns from all country districts for August, ity 1892, were 258-70; and for August, 1891, 'he 315-82. .-4 ;n, On October 6 the half-yearly dividend of rg, £1 10s per share declared by the court of Les directors of the Bank of Australasia will be Le, payable. The dividend is at the rate of 7% los per cent, per annum. The colonial register ce will be closed from the 22nd inst. until re after the date of payment of dividend, m The Curlew Club held their, second con ly cert in the Victoria Hall on the 8th inst. 3 ; (writes our Beaconsfield correspondent) es to a moderate ]i.ouse, and an excellent pro in gramme, consisting of songs, sketches, le farces, etc., was given. The orchestra led al off with an overture, and was followed by d 'I've just come from the inquest,' W. n Batiste ; ' Cows in the clover,' H. Kigbv ; -4 song, Claude Hobby; 'The young bri -n gade,' M. Hollow ; comic song, A. Hart ; p. and the first part concluded with the r, laughable sketch, ' Is marriage a failure ?' *, The seeond part included overture by the -s company and orchestra; 'Comicalities,' e W. Batiste ; ' Save my mother's picture s from sale,' M. Hollow; sketch, 'The ?a wandering minstrels,' Messrs H.'Eigby, A. k Hart, and a ' ghost' ; song, ' Since Kafce 0 learned how to play,-' H. Hobby; 'Lar- :. board watch,' Messrs Rigby Bros. ; duet, t 'Well, you ought to know,' Messrs Hobby 1 Bros. ; and the very amusing farce, ' The 7 restaurant.' The performance throughout 0 was highly entertaining, and all did their Y utmost to promote the evening's amuse e ment ; and that their efforts were appreci- ;*- .. ated was evidenced by the generous ap a, plause showered upon the members of the e club. The improvement shown since' '. their initial performance speaks well for z their ability. The attendance was but 1 moderate,owing to a circumstance which was * r detrimental to the popularity of the con , cert, viz., tfcat the public were cognisant i of another concert which wa« to be held i next Friday evening in the same hall, and i which is likely to be well attended, because '&' ' l the proceeds are to go toward the benefit of i a deserving charitable object. ; A military ball took place at Mr Foster's rooms (writes our Avoca corres- ^ . pondent) on 8th inst., and was an un qualified success. The room^ was appro i priately decorated : on one side wa3 a large circle of bayonets, and crossed rifles at the other, and at the end in gold letters— 'Avoca Rifle Club,' flags and ferns filling up the spaces. Thirty-two couples were ifc present, and the music, which was all that could be desired, was kindly provided by the Misses Raakes (piano), who were relieved during the evening by Messrs Clay (violin), A. Barnes (accordion), and Mr Brannagan (cornet). Mr Stepnell proved an efficient M.C., and was ably t assisted during the evening by Messrs M'Ewan and G-. Zringle. A very tempting ' supper was laid out on the stage. The committee, consisting of Sergeant A Barnes, Corporal H. Stanley, Privates B Densley and R. Gardiner, deserve great praise for the successful manner in which everything was carried out. No, the fair sex have never been credited with much business sense, said the paying teller of a leading bank, as he closelv sorutimsed the cheque presented. There are good grounds foi this belief, too, as many business men have occasion to know L The other day, for instance, a wealthy ladv whose name is familiar to the public, and who keeps a large private account with this bant, had occasion to draw her cheque for two hundred pounds. Her signature.of course, is well known to me and I could hardly be deceived in it. When this . ^~ particular cheque was presented it struck me instantly that the name was not pro perly signed, and after comparing it with her signature in the book I declined to k ' honour the cheque. On the following dav I received a stormy visit from the lady, who, without allowing me an opportunity of making any explanation, proceeded to aZ%™\tOn*ne 1&Shing; f°r daring- S question her paper. When her anger had somewhat subsided, I said-' Madfm, the ? signature on that eheque did not at all correspond to the one on our booke, and as the signature is the only guarantee which drawer fS ^at *he Che-*ue ™8 J-voVer]y drawn I refused payment.' ' Well ' Baid Bhe, after some hesitation, 'I was very busy when the cheque was drawn np, and asked my sister Mary to sign ifc for me. I supposed, of course, that it was all right.' The funeral of the lafce Mr John Fowler -Kemp, who died on Monday last from pleurisy, after a brief but painful illness, took place Wednesday afternoon at the Church of England cemetery. Spite of the inclement weather there was a representa tive attendance of citisssns to pay the last tribute of respect to the deceased, who was very highly esteemed by all who knew him. The deceased, who was 59 years of age, had for the greater part of his life lived in Launceston, having come to the polony from Gravesend, England; his birth place', at a very early age. He commenced his career as an apprentice tti Mr R. H. Mackenziej grocer, Uharles^streefc, and in 1855, entered the employment of Mr H. B; Nicholls, of Longford, after which he was successively chief clerk for Messrs Edward Gaunt and Co., until that firm gave up business, and agent for the Maiden Island Guano Com pany, with which he combined a general agency business. Mr Kemp then purchased a general store at St. Leonards and for many years carried it on successfully until, 189il, when he took up the position of accountant at Messrs Irvine and M'Eachern's, Brisbane- street, and which duties he fulfilled up to his fatal illness, being held in great respect by one and all connected with that firm. The deceased tbok a keen interest in musical matters and was a ^member of the first Philharmonic Society established at Longford by Mr Adams. He waa also a prominent oarsman and was successful in. carrying off many prizes in aquatic conteats. He leaves a Widow and two young children. HiB son (Master A. F. Kemp) and stepson (Mr W. K. Eolph) were the chief mourners, and the Kev. W. H. Webster officiated at the grave. The floral tributes were numerous and a silent bub eloquent testimony to the sympathy which is telt in the community for the bereaved family. At about half-past two Wednesdayjmom ing a man named James K. Laine, who is 50 years of age, applied for admission to the hospital. He appeared to be suffering great pain, and stated that ac 10 o'clock on the previous night he was running along the George Town r«ad, and when near the Mowbray Hotel he came in contact with a cart, which knocked him down. Upon examination Dr. Drake ascertained that the man was injured very seriously in ternally. He was carefully attended to, but the surgeon- superintendent fears that his injuries will prove fatal. Laine resides at Invermay. 