BIc /ust aid '..r 'zý±. SUMn3UORY, SAT RUAY. DIcEumc a 23, 1893. To-MORROW will be Christmas Eve. In accordance rith a time-honoured custom we bid all our readers a Merry. Ohristmas, The time is gone, when Christmas was ushered in by the singing of the Waits in the streets. Not many of us can recollect the snow man of the boyhood of England, made out of the frozen vapour time out of mind associated with this season of the year, and with juvenile art built till the thaws of January should wash him away into the gutters. Gone too are the markets decked out with holly, and the crowds of people halving their shillings betwaeu it and the misletoe happy resorce of bashful lovers to tell their amorous tale. And the Ghristmas pudding' too, only linger like an exotic whose digestion is happily still un touched by the ravages of time. How splendid it was to look at in our boyish days, as it was brought into the room the dish flanked with fires of burning brandy. And then those snapdragons, when the curtains were drawn, and before the candles were lighted, with their eerie and ghost-like flame filling our young souls with mystery, and the shouts of admiration that would ollow when some one braver than the rest would boldly plunge his hand into the miniature Etna, and snatch forth the toothsome raisin, all glowing and hissing witlh lambent fire. And the ringing of the church bells like mad from every steeple in town and country; and the crowds of yokels buying favours for their lasses at the fairs; and the "tips " that all the boys were on the look out for from their elders as they gave them " TI e compliments of the season, sir," All are gone, or going, in this Southern Lind. They are mpoasible with the thermmaeter at 90 degrees in the shade. They have given place to the cricket match, or the sea side excursion, or the dance which runs in Australia, like Tennyson's book on Winter or Summer, in shine or shade "for ever." But though we have to face a new condition of festivities, much of the old Christmas spirit survives. Our newspapers, areI full of charitable appeals, many of then nobly raspon led to. The dilfierent. churches seem in no danger of losing their attendants. On Christmas Day alinst every one who can attend l)ivinz S;rvic:, seesn to make it a p·"t of 11,9nr t,, go t,? church. There is a lull in the lw courts. Parliamentary mmie'rs shake hands who have becn objurgating at one another all the sess!on. G,od fellowship and charity risc to their highest tide. Even Pentrige an. Yarra Bend are not iguorel in the distribution of good things. The rivalries of the year are half f, rgot ten. Even the excitement of a Scho,l Board Election fades away, as candidates, dissappointed or lucky as the case may be, shake .hands with their constit uents, and wish one anuther a Merry Christmas. Nor will anyone, not being either misanthrope or a cynic, wish it otherwise. It is a relief to make a Snew departure in generosity and charity. It is something to be thankful for, to forget for a few days the jars and animosities of the year. It is a good thing to lay aside the grumbling and the gossip of the year, and to give ourselves to charity and brotherly s kindness. That is not the least good w, hich Christianityhas done for the world. But it is the good which is most paramount and persistent. If it had done nothing else it would still be worth retaining. The Festival, which can dam back the sluggish current of selfishness for even a few hours, replacing it by a stream of generous s and kindly impulses, must surely be t of value. We are not utopian enough to think that it has perman ently altered human nature. But it is one of the greatest factors which are surely, if slowly, tending to the ameliora tion of humanity. And, therefore, we 11 are glad to welcome it, and in the hope ir that it may be fraught with happiness to all our readers, wish them most heartily a MERRY O RRISTMAS. 