NEWS IN_ BiiEF. Glasson to be executed on Wednesday. Intercolonial Rifle Match commenced yesterday. Victoria won the Iotercolonial Rifle Match; Tasmania was fuurth. City Council decided yestrday not to reduce the salaries of officials. Trial of Minnie Thwaites over the Bruns wick baby.farming case commenced yester day. Cardinal Moran a passenger by the R.M.S. O:ient, and wi.l arrive at Adelaide to day. Progressive Liberal Association en deavouring to awaken political activity in Launceston. They are practical sympathisers at Lofroy. £60 being raised to help a dis tressed family. Customs returns Launceston last week £2672 5s 8d, as against £8043 17s 5d for the previous week. Constable O'Byrne wins the "Graves" gold medal by making top score in the Intercolonial Rifle Match. Splendid race last evening between Ritchie's and Scott's crews in the Junior Pairs, the former winning by six inches only. A. voluminous statement has been pre pared by Glasson for presentation to the Colonial Secretary why he should not be executed. Valedictory speeches made in the Council yesterday. The Mayor was warmly thanked for the efficient manner in which he had performed his Mayoral duties. Pateena for Melbourne yesterday had a cargo valued at £14,239, which included 2625oz gold (£10,400), 35 tons tin, 77 bales wool, and 55 bales sheepskins for tranship ment to London. Monday, October 9, was Chicago Day at the World's Fair, and 750,000 persons entered the gates. Several lives were lost in the crush, and 258 injurLd people had to be taken to the l'ospital. An inmate of Weston Green Almshouses has just celebrated her centenary, five generations of relatives being present to do her honour. A widow at Chichester has been keeping her 302nd birthday. A man who served in the Peninsular war has just died at Brewood, aged 104. The servants and visitors at Hampton Court Palace still insist that "ghosts" of superbly dressed women, supposed to be Henry VIII.'s wives, haunt the rooms. A night watchman in the grounds is said to have been so alarmtd at the sight of an apparition that he has resigned his post. The Croydon magistrates have granted an affiliation summons against Rev. Thomas Closs, chaplain of the Metropolitan Asylum for Imbeciles, Caterham, at the instance of Alice Sarah Hockley, formerly a servant in the institution. This is the case in which the Godstone bench refused a summons on the ground that there was no corroborative 1 evidence, although the rev. gentleman was anxious that it should issue, so that be might defend his reputation. r "Is a man old at 50 ?" has been the sub ject of a newspaper correspondence. One man, aged 51, declared his readiness to run, swim, or box the average man of 25, Another in his 63rd year can run for miles, and recently rode 60 miles in one day on a r tricycle. A party of gentlemen visited the village of Boulge, Suffoik, and planted rose trees at thle grave of Edward Fitzgerald, poet and translator of the works of Omar Khay. yam, a Persian chronicler of the 11th century. Seeds for the trees were picked from bushes growing near the tomb of Khayyam in Persia. The Duike of Sutherland is being urged by the County Council to reopen the gold fields on his Scotch estate in order to give remunerative employment. T'he goldfields have been closed for years, but it is thought they would prove productive if the latest machinery were used. On the Highland railway the other day y two earls, a countess, two Cabinet Minis r, ters, and an admiral, with their respective y families, were third-claes passengers in one ,e train. e The leading tradesmen of Southampton ic have passed a resolution recording their opinion that Christmas boxes should be abolished. At a bicycle race near London the winner kept up a speed of 20 miles for 12 consecu tive hours. The Earl's Court Forestry Exhibition T and the World's Water Show closed on Saturday, October 7. The refreshment contractor was fined £20for selling glasses of milk adulterated with water. A lady swimmer sued her employers at the Water h Show for X£30 for wrongful dismissal, and recovered that amount. For the defence it was alleged that the plaintiff was ia competent. A West End medical man performed an operation upon a son of Lord Annesley, who suffered from stammtring. A fee of 1\. £80 was charged, the time occupied in the operation being three minutes. Lord Annesley paid £12, and was sued for the remainder. The defence was that the operation was unsuccessful, but the medical man recovered the full amount. A lady resisted a charge of £6 for ex 9 tracting a wisdom tooth and supplying a false one, and a new plate, but the dentist recovered the amount in the Westminster County Court. SAfter all, the Royal buckhounds are to hunt tame stegs for another season. The Humanitarian League have drafted a bill which is likely to come before Parliament. d It proposes to include not only any stag and fox, but every rabbit, hare, and otter in the category of domestic animals pro tected by law, provided such animals have been captured and kept in confinement. S The King of Old Calabar, a coloured youth, has arrived in England to get a little schooling. Mr Gladstone has offered a baronetcy to ae Dr. Cumming, a Belfast medical man and professor in Queen's College. Sir Edward Watkin has now purchased the whole of Snowdon. He formerly owned a considerable portion of the moun tain. 