MAORILAND HO! Natures iinchanting 4 Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, ^ LI A PT Ell XVII.—CONTINUED. • BT TIM. WESTBURY, It was a significant f:ict that old Rmga, this Mauri, :md ;i well known domestic at the sration, had not been seen i>r hoard of silica 1 li•" <iay on which Nita was carr.i=<5 ..If by Paul Barjew. Tfyfiugli ail the unremitting care nn>l tenner"' tiiir'sin" of Madam Elsie, Nita Barry had so far recovered as to be able to accoiii|iauy that lady in many a sunny ramble r amongst the health-giving glens and bre' zy ridges of Pinefalls. SttOehoiv these two had grown greatly attached to each other—how or why, neither of them, had they been questioned on, the subject, would have been abl<; to explain. Under the circumstances it was but natural that Nita should feel grateful to one who had exhibited such watchfulness on her behalf ; but the girl, with that innate subtetly of womanly,tact which characterises - the sex, discerned a •iK-re than friendly kindness in Madame Elsie. Every look, every.act and word bore with it a soft and motherly gentleness rtfalr^rip ;ax>niiBtakeable. / " AfiTTf 1 had only been blest with a .mother like you, Madame Elsie," Nita vij^iuV-'iriot'her is 'dead ?'' • "Alas, yes! I never knew her." 'fSt'ay with us, then ; you shall be mv da^gjjtL'i," qried the otherr, with the liot r tears welling up into her kind blue eyes, and ffar! voice - trembling with emotion. " I had once a daughter, a little treasure, •who, if she had been spared to me, would have bsen about your age. God knows besl' S^iiat is good for us ! My darling was., taken from me, and through all these years, long and barren with fruitless repining, my heart haa seemed cold an^ void in its utter loneliness. But you capita me, Nita ; you, whom I have ktwwn but a few short weeks, and lo! Ihcsvioid is filled up. My child, Heaven blesses 1 us in ways we know not of." Pleasant the days at Pinefalls in. the purple glow of the fine Autumnal weather. Pleasant for Lieutenant West, who was ever .by the side qf Grace Weldon. Pleasant for Fenton Howe, who loved to be alone beneath the leafy arcade of the kauri.kings, writing poetry on the golden hair and violet eyes of Nita Barry. There was only one personage who appeared fo be the odd man of the party, and -entirely out of place — Temple Yane. .a • " I can see I'm in the way," he muttered to himself. " Altogether an hindrafwev to the happiness of the rest, so -I'll^pj What the dickens have I in common with thesa? -I, an outcast. My begt and dearest friend suspects me lor a tliief,,or something worse; and am I nop. J. God help me !" A-peal of merry laughter comes to him as he sits by the window muttering and cogitating. Harry West and Miss Weldon. are promenading arm-in-arm on a grass plot beyond the garden, and the handsome young subaltern is talking— relating some wild freak of his boyhood, probably. Temple Yane grows. deadly pale as he watches them—not the paleness of envy or hatred, but of pain, and pain so keen and poignant ttoafc the mouth shuts and tightens to repress the sharp agony within him. " I wish I was fairly away—anywhere from this place," he cries, with a groan. " (have been niad to dream that Grace, pure, gentle creature, could care for such a wretch as I. And yet—yet more than on6J*I thought I saw that in her eyes pr'iicn bade me hope. Hope ! for what ? To mate herself with a villain who has lot even a name to bestow on her— a worthJaj? •ne !'er-do-weH, who staked his honotflmtifeveiytie of filial affection on a throw of the dice, and liad not the will and courage to say nay ! Pshaw ! No mof6 ~cif this idle-day dreaming. I went out of the vorid fitted for me, into one of maki ^V n So wi "- l l I bear it man fMkri until I haye atoued." fcw Wsfes arid clasps his hands tightly round the back -of his head. It is a strange way that- he has of pulling himself together—of exerting a will that is certainly 8tron| ,J now, however it might hare been wanting in the past. • Quietly, but none the less surely, this lofetfor Grace Weldou haa stolen into bis liesa& It is' the first real love he has ever felt for any woman, and he knows it will be the lost, and the only love he will ever know. It is useless to fight with it —that means a senseless waste of vigour, and|he/required all that for what he had IVf^et as far away from'Pinefalls was his first object. He would go to America or Mexico, what did it matter where, so thifc'he wwt quickly. He filled ,a page of his diary, then wrote two letters, the first of which he addressed a well-known firm of solicitors in Havelock—the other to Miss Hilda Ashford, Glencourt. In the evening he found an opportunity to'ppeak to Fenton Howe alone. " Dear boy," he said, " would you be^urprised if I told you I had determined to leave this place at once." "No, indeed, Vane. Nothing you might do or say won'd surprise me in the least;" answered Fenton, with a laugh. " Wtfyi old fellow/- what has come over you these last few days ? Where do you hide yourself V 'Pon my word ! if you were an absconding debtor, or the bailiff's were lying in wait for your body, you could not be more of a hermit. There's Mfedaia Elsie and Miss Weldon constant ly plaguing me with questions about you, wondering if ycu are unwell, and so on Come, old fellow, rouse up." My dear Fenton, I have made up my mind to leave Pinefalls to-morrow." "Seriously ?" " Yes, seriously," said Vane, gravely. " Major Weldon will not hear of it, dear boy." "I am the more sorry for that, inasmuch as I must go. It has been the greatest desire of my life lately that you and 1, Howe, might cast in our lot together in some commercial undertaking, whprein we might still remain as we have been in the past, allied alike in interest and in friendship, but—but certain conditions'have altered this state of things, aud I repeat I must depart at once." ^ Fenton Howe gazes at his friend in surprise, and then comes a look of wounded pride into his eyes as he " iwar Vane, 1 am the last man in the Trwid ia pry into your affairs, but I beg of you as a friend—nay, as one who owes you something more than mutual esteem, to tell me,iwhy you have taken this sadden resolve."' ° 4 " I cannot, tell YOU, Howe." " Cannotr " No." Fenton Howe is silent, for there comes to him once more the scene in tin; tent at the diggings, and the advertisement offering , L500 reward for a notorious prison-breiker. It fixes itself as a.Certaintv on the man's mind now thaV Temple Vane is implicated. "Believe me, Howe, I make'nb small sacrifice in leaving so many kind friends, but the sacrifice is olfert'd at the shrine of duty," says Vane, aftor a pause. Exactly, thinks h'enton. He is the man wanted, of a surety, and is poin^ t.y give himself up to -that justice which is clamouring for him. Poor fellow ! Seeing that his companion remains silent, Vane continues. "With reference lo our joint account forwarded to the City Bank at Auckland, I had a letter yesterday from the manager, who in'orms me that our instructions have been curried out. /Thirty j thousand pounds! fit ei li:)g» has been "duly placed to our joint account." "Indeed, so much!"- says Fenton, looking up with a cloud on his fair face, and his mind evidently not upon their account at the Bank. " I want to ask you a-favor, Howe," adds Vane, after waiting for his companion to sp'-ak. " Certainly, my good fellow.' 1 <l I want your permission to divide our money," says Temple. "Granted," responds Fenton. " I will write a necessary letter to the manager of the Bank, and you can post it jointly with yojur oyyn for-Ahe same purpose. Of course, my wants are few. I do not require sixteen thousand pounds or anything like that' sum. Vane. Say you take twenty thousand, and leave me the odd ten. Eh ! come, you won't refuse me." Vane smiles. " Fifteen thousand -pounds is sufficient for me. Perchance, I may not require a shilling of it," hie says, softly. " Pooh ! I trust you may have the pleasure of spending every ,penny ; of it, and I the pleasure of lending you part of mine," responds Howe, earnestly. " I can't understand i f ., Vane," he blurted out, rising and striding up and down the room. " If you would confide in me ! I sincerely trust I have never given you cause to think of me otherwise than a gentleman. Tell me, what is the matter ? If it's anything short of murder I'll see yon through it, as certain-as your patient, manly generosity snatched me from a lingering and painful death." Temple Vane opens his eyes to their widest extent at this sudden and unexpected outburst on the part of the proud, indolent, aristocratic Fenton. " My dear fellow, what are you talking about ?" he asks. " Talking about! why, about your melancholy way, and your moping aud getting out of it, and hiding when other people are enjoying themselves, and J want you to do the same," retorts Howe, hotly. " You put one under the most lasting obligation, then leave hyn there without, a- ghost of a chance of his returning the compliment. Tell me why you are leaving in au^h a hurry V" " Icis impossible." . .. " Perhaps you dare not ?"says Fenton, his face flushing with sudden anger.' There is- a swift flash in the &yes-; of the other, who starts as if Howe had struck him, but lie holds a superb command over every muscle of the face and body. "I cannot quarrel with you, sir," he say3, calmly. " I am a mau so bankrupt iu the way of friends that I cannot afford to lose the last remaining one. A mouth hence, or sootier, you may learn why I depart ; but if the loss of your friendship be the penalty, I cannot give my reasons now." " Enough," retorts Fenton, with a hearty, ring in his voice. " I suppose we had better say good-bye, and have done with it. For my part I have looked upon you as—as—what the devil does it 'matter ! Look here, you are leaving me iu your debt, and—" " Be silent, Howe," interrupts Temple almost sternly. Fenton looks, and his flush of anger takes a more ruby tint. " I am unused to be commanded to hold my tongue. I wjll say what I please." " Do so, but I may remind you that a taunt is out of place, and unworthy of a gentleman," says Vane, quietly. "Again I ask why sin uld we quarrel 2 we, who have fought misfortune, and hunger and cold together. In saying this I have regard for you, inasmuch as you will perchance regret this sce.«e hereafter, as I now regret it." A sullen "oh, very well," and the two npn change the subject. They have much to settle in the way of business, and the dinn^:i>ell- ri|igs ere it is .completed. : •< . Temple: goes to 5 .his room ; to.dii:e^§fpn IgNgp ' i wijlJ Fenton has triea Eiin, and chafed him to the utmost ; but he has a more severe ordeal to encounter in Madam Elsie and Grace Weldon. Tlie^iuner" at Pinefalls is more than usually pleasant, and thereby prolonged o a .th'ftJ>:>;rticular evening. Some of Jthfim have been spending the afternoon out on the hills, aud, have had quite an adventure with a huge carpet snake, which Harry West did battle witti, and came forth conqueror. While the talk is at its loudest Major Weldon beckons Teranga, the Maori, to his. side. ° " Walford, the agent, will be here tomorrow. Have you got all the books ready forhim to look, through when he arrives •" says lie. " Yes, sir, I put 'em in the office, sir— all butane,'- Replies the Maori. " AUijut one ! What one?"- "Square flat book—store bonk I think you call him," answers Teranga. "Ah! stock list, you mean," says the Major. "Hunt it up before you go to bed; mind that!" The Maoriis obedience itself. When the meal is ended, and while the gentleman linger over their wine, T,eranga begins lus task. Unfortunately the Maori cannot read a word of English ; print and manuscript alike are as so i much Greek to hiin. Entering the room occupied by Temple Vane, after an hours search elsewherfe, Teranga's gaze falls athwart the diary lying on a small table near the window. He pounces on the fat volume at once, and carries it oif in triumph. Music has grown to be the chief pleasure at Pinefalls after dinner ; but this happens to be mail night, and there has been quite a large bag of letters deposited at the lodge hut for the "House." The Maori retires to his sanctum early to peruse-his correspondence. Harry West is busy in bis quarters with a private despatch which demauds his immediate attention. Howe and Nita are nlaying chess in the drawingroom, with Madam Elsie aa^umpire. It is a strange coincidence, but nevertheless true, that there are no letters for either Temple Vane or Miss Weldon. Stranger still, both are seated at the extremity of that deep, cosy, old- fashioned •verandah, with a full moon smiling rudely Sown upon them. There was a world of soft glory in the round reflection of the tnoon as 3lie sailed high in the dark blue canopy overhead, the out line of her huge, g"od natured phiz apparently looking straight at them as they sat in that awkward silence. Tiiis jolly warden of the night sees many strange things in her eternal vigil. Your mightiness and your holiness, ye ar" all beneath her ken, whether ye be good or evil, rich or poor. She watches the robber lyinr; in wait, and the murder crawling with noiseless steps lowards Hs vieiiin. Into tl.e glooms pepp^ tehe, lighting up the r.igs of poverty and fniserv. Wickedness in ftigh pl.ice.i cannot o.-'cane her vision. Over the slimiluT of tired millions xJic holds watch ,and ward, kissing the rosy lips of iuuo- • Lt'.tise, where yet lingers the soft fragrance of prayer, find filling the poet's brain with uiiutferai.le visions and suc.'i shapes a«. live only in song. (1-mfrz lefoi. Had Temple Vane learnt the subtle art of diplomacy, he would have begun to talk about the beauty of the night, etc., and so have led up to the subject nearest his wishes. Not being a diplomat, however, he simply said, " I am fi'ad to have a word with you to-night. Miss Weldon. I want to thank you for your kindners and hospitality to me. 1 have arrauged to leave Pinefalls in the morning." There- was nothing in the few commonplace words uttered, but Grace Weldon opened her large blue eyes upon him for aiifinstant, then began toying with her bracelet. " 1 shall not easily forget the many pleasant hours spent beneath your roof, believe me," he continued, after waiting for her to speak. i "Is—is not your deparliire somewhat hasty, Mr Vane V she said, presently, and in a subdued tone of voice. " I trust you have not received any ill news lately V" "No ; my leaving is purely a matter of business," he answered. *' I go to fulfil a duty I have long neglected." " Papa will be sorry when he learns yoi; are going," she said. ." I have already informed Major Welof! my intention, ami indeed I am loth to depart from such kind friends. For yearsij-jhave been a dreamer, capable of nothipg but theindulgeuce of idls reverie, and tijtive drifted ; troi;n the practical into the lire of a Bohoiiiiah. Lately it 'Ujjfl : come to mfi-that I might aspire to become 1 a useful member of society—an alderman^ perhaps, or a justice of the peacs." Grace smiles at the mild cynicism, and a blush deepens the clear, fair skin fro.m. brow to neck. L Vane does not see it. He haasHotduolted lOB^isoKea at ner her once.'. ..' To ' w'n'e^s-: ' - duty-is " sjinetljiiig " " .beyprnt mere ®inifi»£" she said; pr&ently.; " True," lie answers, with a shdfct lanjjh. "But we interpret the word in various ways. • One man in ay be contented with the life of a slave. Another will go on until he bestride the globe like another Colossus. Every detail in business is a duty, and the same line of argument applies to many things in social life. We may adopt some line of conduct which seems strange, and possibly against which one's heart and soul rebel, yet duty points the way, and we must follow." The refractory trinket upon her smooth, round arm is abandoned for a moment until she tries to grasp the meaning of his words. ii " In one of your English journals I read a curious essay called ' Motive Power,'" he gees on, not heeding her silence "The writet went to show that, without an object, i.e. motive power, a man, whatever his talents or his culture, is utterly useless in this nineteenth century. The cap fitted me so closely, Miss Weldon, that I resolved to emerge from the dreamer into a worker." ''I am glad to hear you say so," she answers, looking full at him. " I am not a judge of mankind, inasmuch as my life, so.far, has been secluded, but 1 believe you will win your way in the bustling world, if you are decided to try." Madam Elsie breaks in upon him, followed-hy Nita aud Howe, and the conversation takes a more general turn. It is midnight before Vane retires. Madame Elsie has said " good bye," and there was an umnistakeable tremor in her voice, and a peculiar look in her eyes as she uttered the words which carried conviction to the mind of General Ashford's prodigal son that he had been recognised. • By the time he had packed away his few things it is three o'clock, and iu another hour it will be daylight. His thoughts are iu such a chaotic state that lie does not miss the diary. He has an idea thaifc it. is safely stowed away in his travelling bag. . While he sits moping and thinking of the soft light in the blue eyes of Grace Weldou, as he saw it when they said good-bye, hand-in-hand, lo ! the morning breaks over the lofty peak of Tonga! He threw ope» the window. Cool and Tieautiful the pure early morn. Overhead the light blue canopy was changing to azure, and gold and purple, aud blended with gigantic shafts of a more magnificent hue, the vauguard of the glorious sun. What mortal hand could place this picture before the natural eye ? What artist could paint yonder hill-top, carpeted with green and brown, with gliteering bars of prismatic light, intermingled with every blade and leaf. In the fragrant atmosphere of the summer morning Temple Vane goes his way to perform that duty of which he had spoken. And she to whciq he had uttered those words stands watching the fast receding figure from her chamber window. Ah ! if the poor wanderer could only have seen the tear bedinimed eyes looking after him with such a yearning sorrow, he would not have felt the dense night of utter loneliness and despair now at his heart. CHAPTER XVIII. AT THE " GOLnKN DOLPHIN." Oil the Grand Trunk Road, distant forty miles or thereabouts from the Pinefalls Station, stands a roomy old Inn, bearing the somewhat nondescript name of the "Golden Dolphin." This hostelry was built by one Timothy Keegan, a lucky digger, who having 'made a large find at the Titori Valley, opened the Golden Dolphin and drank himself to death in a very short time. Tiin's widow Norah Keegan, was five feet eleven inches iu her husband's socks, and weighed a trifle over two hundred pounds nett. Rough and muscular a3 the majority of the Dolphin s customers certainly were, very few had such a development of limb as hostess Keegan, aud very few indeed had such a way of demonstrating the fact to any contumacious fellow who attempted to create a " shine :1 within the precincts of her domain. Ten years wanderings " wid poor Tim " over half the goldtields in New Zealand had not tended to enhance i the personal charms of Mrs Keegan. Her I complexion bore the hue of a boiled lobster, which was " intirely owing to the j hate of th6 sun, of course, and not in any • way to the small drop she tuk to keep away the colic. Bad cess to it." Fierce, irate, and heavy handed was Mother Keegan, yet after her fashion not a more kind-hearted, benevolent soul ever breathed. She loved fun like all her rase, aod her house was always lively. Mick Ruddy, a poor devil who earned a precarious living playing the fiddle from place to place round the district, was always due at the Dolphin every Friday evening. A sort of a Bhelf, like a bracket, fixed in the parlor wall, nnd high up out of reach. This was Mick's orchestra where he tuned his baritone, and rasped away at reels and jigs until the small hours of the morning. It is on record that the poor fiddler fell in love tvith the " widdy," and in ;i moment of sympathetic tenderness plucked up courage to confess the same. Tim Keegan's relict listened to her lover until he had finished, and then she gave the unfortunate swain such a prtirlicid refusal that the doctor had to be called in, and Ruddy's life was despaired of for some time. If Mrs Keegan was severe betimes on her adorer, she took very good cue that no one else bullied him. New Ze.-tland can certainly boast of some thorough going muscular ruffians, but the chief of them all was one Tiggser, oiherwise Black Bullock, a rough and tumble pugilist, whose sole occupation was made up in lounging about shanties, night pilferiug and prize fighting. Bill Bullock— 1 beg his pardon—Black Bullock was at the Golden Dolphin on one occasion, and began to bully every one as usual. Bis spleen seemed particularly directed towards the little fiddler, whom he caught in his powerful grip and carried round the room at arms length, as if Ruddy had been no more than a poodle dog. • The noise attracted jhe hostess, who ran into the room. " Arrah, what's the matter wid yez ?" she asked. Then observing her favourite in the hands of the burly giant her Irish dander riz in a moment. "Put-down the man," she cried, and at the tame instant Black Bullock received a blow full on his frontispiece, which sent him staggering over two or three chairs. The pugilist dropped the fiddler, and turned upon his assailant with a face in which all the latent passion of brute ferocity was visible. He ctima towards her w$h fists clench^, fine 4toard well up;- and'-Showing Bis%efetfe Hilfcawolf. . C Mrs Keegan knew her customer, knew .that a JfHcckirom his huge, long kqu jkles wouldfbe as a blow from bltLok's'sniffi's si edge.''«B ut she did not flinch. Justus the buljy had* got within range, and be-, fore he could Itwge out at Iter, she seized a heavy poker from the fender and struck Tiggser a dreadful thud upon his upraised arms, which madetfthe tfeitew bellow like a iiiiad bull/ . '/ ^ " Take that, ye '(teviVs bastard, ahb. niend yer mauneis," she cried. " CoTOjji? on nrtw, if it's fighting yer after." ^ With a horrid imprecation the infuriated savage steadied himself, and then rushed blindly at the " widdy." Up went the unmerciful poker like a flash, and the ' Bullock' weut down all in a heap. He was carried out and soused with a plentiful supply of cold water. Beyond a broken head and a fractured wrist the bully sustained no further injury, but he gave the hostess of the Inn a wide birth frorathat time forth. On this summer evening the hostelry was well patronised with a mixed posse of customers, each aud all of whom appeared to be enjoying themselves after their own fashion. The long room was filled with diggers, and there were others present who did not dig or beg. Mick JRuddy was iu his place "discoorsing iligant music '' after his manner, while his auditory danced or went through a wild fandango that shook the building to its foundation. " Steady, min ; don't make such a row ; shure Mr Jocelyn's upstairs, and can't hear his ears for yez," said Mrs Keegan, thrusting her head iu at the door. " Mark me now 1 111 not have the place turned into a Bhibbeen whiu yer betters are present." " We're as good as Mr Jocelyn any day, although he is a beak and a big bug,' : cried Black Bullock and one or two others of the same clique. The hostess put her arms akimbo, and stroil e up to the speaker. " Look here^rme hould fellow, this is my house, an' I mane to be cock o' the walk," she said. If a gentleman comes here I expect him to behave himself, an' if he doesn't chose to do that, faith, I'll larn him indouble quick time. Do ye moind now ?" " Bravo! Mother Keegan," from a dozen brawny throats. Bullock, half tipsy, looked round him with a smothered curse on his lips, and a red flash of defiance in lus evil eyes ; but a whisper from his companion altered the ruffians whole demeanour in a minute to quiet submission. " If it wasn't for the company beyant, shure the divil a one cared if y;?z broke the flure," cried the hostess. " Whin gintlemin, rale gintlemin condescend to honor the Golden Dolphin wid their prizzeuce I'll have ordther. I've others hero to-uight besides Mr Jocelyn. Put that in your pipe and shmoke it, Mr Tiggser," and Mrs Keegan bounced out of the room. The best apartment in the Inn had been given up to Mr Jocelyn, who was on his way to inspect a mine at the Titori Valley, so he said. Dinner had been ordered for three, for the magistrate expected two friends to join him at the hostelry. Half an hour later, and the expected guests came in the persons of Paul Barjew and Sydney Black. Mrs Keegan knew nothing of Mr Jocelyn, save by report, but she had a thorough knowledge of the two men who were dining with him. However, as she afterwards remarked, "it was no business of liers. People in her position never gained anything by meddling with what did not consarn them," etc. Wise philosophy, Mrs Keegan ! The pity is that more of your charming sex do not follow your example in this respect. The observance thereof is often honored in the breach in our day, save in one or two Australian cities where I have sojourned. There the people, male and female, fulfil the law of Moses, and love their neighbours as themselves, aud there, indeed the wise condition is fully recognised, which says that "theoxshall not be joked with the ass." On this summer afternoon, previous to the arrival of Barjew and his companion. Temple Vane dismounts under the broad portico of the Inn, and orders a meal and a bed for the night. Ilis handsome face pleases the " widdy," who bestirs herself to make him comfortable. He is located next his honor, the J.P., and Vane eats liis diiiuer alone, but enjoys it none the less for that. The meal ended, a buxom wenoh enttfra and clears away the debris, lights a lamp, then with a smile and a curtsey, asks if he requires anything eke. "No, thank you; nothing. Stayl Would you be good enough to tell the ostler I shall want my horse at suuriae,"—To be Continued. MB II 348 I COPF BIGHT.} 