! L1TERTUBE- ' v BOOKS UP TO DATE. Unlosa Mr. Steud doplores tlmt phase of social evolution which is concerned with tho moral equality of the sexes, it must havo been by a slip of tho pen that ho wrote of "Tho Heavenly Twins" as "a social por tent,'1 for the word implies an omen of ill. That he did not use it in that sense is proved by liis eulogy of tho book as "a fearless handling of a great ethical question." Tho claim for moral equality has this singularity —it is one that women aro bringing forward mainly on behalf of men. They might in- stead claim an equal moral license with men, but they argue the case of a mutual advan tage from their own higher standpoint, and wish to employ tho increased power, result ing from acknowledgment of their intellec tual capability, not to degrade themselves, but to elevate morally tho other sex. Sociologists are well aware that the balance of ethical justice can only be adjusted after many and protracted debates among the world's Commons, aud recognise that the heat of the debate is the measure of the subject's importance. It is not, however, so generally perceived that civilisation as a complete movement lags on the moral leg. Intellectually and in super ficial refinement of life we have gone far, but for future progress without unnecessary suffering, humanity needs to reduce the handicap of animalism. Those who are not familiar with Sarah Grand's earlier study, " Ideala," should uow read it, for it places one at once in the window of her outlook, aud the autobiogra phical impression it conveys adds a piquant interest. The book, the subjective romance of nu earnest mind in pain and revolt, is too widely known for any description to be needed, but one passago may be quoted because it strikes a keynote. Ideala is try ing to express her sense of dissatisfaction with life, and has her unworthy husband in her mind. " The truth is," she says, 1 ' we have lost faith in our men. They claim some superiority for themselves, but we find none. The ago requires people to practise what they preach, . and yet expects us to bo guided by the counsels of those whose own lives we know have rendered them contemptible. I sup pose wo slmll come to an understanding eventually — either they must be raised or we must be lowered. It is for the death of manliness wo women mourn. Wo marry, and find we have taken upon ourselves misery and lifelong widowhood of the mind "and moral nature. Do you wonder that some of us ask, Why should we keep our selves pure it impurity is to be our bed fellow? You make us breathe corruption and wonder that we lose our health." Admirers of Charles Reade should notico a recent utterance of the Daily News. Tho writer reviews Mr. Gosse's suggestion that novelists should vary the eternal love-making with description of actual employments of life — a business or profession — and suggests with a rather silly satire that sardines, sugar bounties, and pork pies might fitly be taken up in fiction. " The provident reader would naturally," he goes on, " prefer romances with the charm and orderly arrangement of the ' Blue Book.' " Now there is nothing original in Mr. Gosse's idea ; his point is that it might advant ageously be carried out in fiction more frequently. Zola does it, and to quote a very recent in- stance, the interest of Crawford's " The Three Fates " centres in the details of journalism. But the ironical reference to a Blue Book reminds one at once of a passage in Justyn M'Carthy's literary survey of the reign in his " History of our own Times. ' Speaking of Charles Readc, he says:— "Iu Mr. Reade's more recent works, however, tho author began to devote himself to the illustration of some social or legal grievance calling for reform, and people came to under. Stand that a now branch of the art of novel- writing was ill process of development, the special gift of which was to convert a Par liamentary Blue Book into a work of fiction." Among new French books arc Paul Bour- get's " Le Sorupule " ; "Pas Jalouse!" by "Gyp" ; and " Ma Grande," a pathetic little " study, by Paul Marguerittc, of a sister who, having brought up her younger brother witli as passionate a devotion as if he had been her own child, dies of grief when he marries, and she is left desolate. Wo scarcely yet take our share of the good things in contem porary French literature. That in this wc may be losers we are quite ready to acknow ledge, but as so much of French fiction is uncongenial to the tastes of our society, we leave it severely alone instead of venturing into it under the guidance of reliable Eng lish critics. Bourgct, to whom Francois Coppeo stood in the relation of literary god father, is now tit the front rank of modern novelists. His forte is psychological analysis, and he is pctr excellence tlio painter of women, whose intuitions lie divines by somo subtle Bympathy. He has attached himself to no school, bub studies social life with unfettered individuality. His friend, Henry James, is in thorough agreement with him in his defi nition of novel- writing, which Bourgct styles ' an art the most modern of all, because tho most flexible and the most capable of adapta. tion to tho varied requirements of every temperament." His circle is rather narrow for his stories treat chiefly of the human pro! ducts of Parisian civilisation ; his heroines aro beautiful and charmingly eccentric, bub tbey aro seldom wives. In 44 Lo Scrupule" Bourgct rcverl3 to a favorite theinc of French writers, but ono that does not commend itself to the British mind, liis masterly novel, "Andn'i Cornelia," has been wolf translated by Mrs. Caslicl lfoey. Of his ''Pastels" and "Funics et Portraits'' the latter series contains some sprightly and original Etudes Anglaisos. His know ledge of English and Italian life, and his travels in Spain and Morocco gave this writer the material for his great international novel 44 Cosmupole." La Gomlesse de Martel whose noni de plume is 44 Gyp," is one of the brightest moyueurs of tho yrand monde , and all her best things have appeared first in tho pages of Jal vie J 'arisieiine. 41 he Petit Bob," studied from her own two little boys, presents a baby cynic, satirising a type of the modern child, and so exquisitely amusing as to earn for its creator the sobriquet of 44Mdlle. Gavroohe." 44 Gyp" does not ignore what is vile and insincere in society, but sets it forth unexaggerated but unex tenuated, yet with 44 lenient philosophy and indulgent irony." Her gay insouciance, raillery, and occasional pathos remind one of Gustavo Droz, aud it might be said of her as of lfirn, 44 Son verve est -petit 7iiais die hod dam son verre." " Pas J alouse I" is a piquant episode of 44 le monde moiulain." Mine. d'Etiolles, who is 44 not jealous," has for husband ikiui beau jlirteur innocent, toujour. papillonnant " (noto this incor poration of an English word in its slang sense). She is so wounded and harassed by these pricks that she would prefer 44 wee veritable tromperic, mutcrielle d Cts 7 mile tromperies onorales qui fhumilient and the Rabelasiuu moral is that one fine day M. d'Etiolles finds himself in tho shoes of Sganarelle. If the philosophers are publishing poetry, the novelists now show a tondonoy to hatch into playwrights, aud ono never knows at what moment a journalist may appear in tho butterfly colors of fiction. That distin guished scientist, Professor G. T. Romanes, has already published anonymously two volumes of verse. Mr. Barrio — who, by-the- way, is being victimised by tho American literary pirate, there being four unauthorised collections of his writings uow circulating iu the States, one impudently announ cing that the work has been care fully revised by tho author !— has come iu a dramatic winner. Tho three plays written by R. L. Stevenson in collaboration with W. 13. Heuley, aro fine examples of the literary drama. Mrs. Clifford has given herself up entirely to play-writing, and now Mr. Hardy is bitten with tho theatrical mania. It is no doubt time that English writers of imaginative power should como to tho rescue of an art, of which tho in spiration has so long had its source across the Channel, and should try to snatch back tho public from the intellectual bankruptcy of tho variety entertainment ; but that the drama should bo the sequel to the successful novel is a new order of things. Formerly tragedy was the expression of the young author's despair, ami dated from his early days of penury in a garret, that favorite and ridiculous trope of Grub-street, for did any thing but ghosts or rats ever live in a garret? Mr. George Mooro, liis destructive ardor unslaked by his recent attack on tho Royal Academy, has just published 44 The Strike at Arlingford, a Play in Three Acts'' (W. Scott, Limited). It turns on the labor dispute, to whose externality ho attaches little importance, but sees in it a moral idea which ho here seeks to develop after tho manner of Ibsen. Despite all the claims which journalism has upon him, Mr. G. Augustus Sala has found- time to write a novel, 41 Miss Foster," which is to appear in Sala's Journal, and is described as a romance within a romance. Ono of our writers, popular, if not yet prominent, Gilbert Parker, has been journalist, novelist, and play-writer, witli scarcely a pause between. Horticulturists who do not already know the book can now obtain from Messrs. Angus and Robertson, Hcinemann's revised edition of "The Rose," by II. B. Ellwanger, rosa- rian, of the Mount Hope Nurseries, Roches ter. This American treatise, which is not merely professional, but inspired by an enthusiastic lover of the queen of flowers, is likely to be of more service to Australian gardeners than a work written for tho Eng lish climate, and its catalogue of varieties is compiled with judgment. A little volume iu the Canterbury series that Sydney people will be glad to have just now is 44 Canadian Poeins and Lays," selected and edited by William Douw Light- hall. The Imperial spirit, tho new nation ality, the Indian, the voyageur and habitant, settlement life, the sports, places, and seasons of tho Colony of the Maple Leaf are hero graphically depicted. 44 Tho poets whose songs fill this book arc voices cheerful with the consciousness of young might, public wealth, and heroism. Tho delight of a Clear Atmosphere runs through it too, and the rejoicings of the Winter Carnival, with the glint of that heavenly Palace of illumined pearl, which is the February pilgrimage of North America." In the introduction is tho following reference to 44 Australian Ballads," a preceding collection in the same series. 44 Australian rhyme is a poetry of tiie horse ; Canadian, of the canoe." The first edition of Annie S. Swan's 44 Homespun " (Hutchinson and Co.) has been sold before publication, and a second supply is in preparation. A writer in the Globe asks, 44 Who are the people who read Miss Swan ? In point of popularity she is in the first rank ; yet I never met one who had read her books !" This makes one think of Edmund Gosse's amusing diatribe on 44 a subterranean reputation," in illustration of which ho mentions 33. P. Roe and Edna Lyall, to whom he might have added Mr. Gunter. Amongst the wedding presents of II.R.H. tho Duchess of York was a copy of 44 How to bo Happy though Married." Lady Wilde's 44 Social Studies" are very temperate and sensible surveys of some phases of modern society, and the volume also contains some short stories. Wo arc promised shortly 44 Claudia's Island," by Esme Stuart. This mustnot be confused witli 44 Claudia," a forth coming novel by Miss Francos Courtcnay Baylor. Mary Linskill's 44 Tales of tho North Riding" have just been added to Bontley's favorite novels, those comely and well-printed volumes to be seen in most modern libraries. 44 The Private Life," six stories by Henry .Tames, is just out ; also a new popular edition of 33. Frances Poin ter's 44 An Exquisite Fool," and in a library edition 44 The Crime of Maunsoll Grange," by 3?redcric Breton. Tho three 33nglish plays of Oscar Wilde, 44 Lady Windermere's Fan," 44 A Woman of No Importance," and 44 The Duchess of Padua," are about to be issued in book form by Mathews and Lane, with illustrations by Charles Shannon. They will be followed by an English translation by the author of "Salome," with 10 drawings by Aubrey Bcardsley. The Rev. A. C. Smith lias in the press 44 The Autobiography of an Old Passport," a driving tour over tho roads of Western Europe before the timo of rail ways. "Tho ltuinor of Holland" comes next in Walter Scott's series, aud will con tain numerous original Dutch drawings, be sides 40 full-page illustrations by Dudley Hardy. The last of the admirable 44 Rulers of jndia" (Clarendon press) series of books is devoted to 44 the Earl oF Auckland," who became Governor-in-Goncral of India iu 1835, and occupied that position during an eventful period. Tho writer of tho volume, Captain L. J. Trolhoy (author of 44 India Under Victoria "), very ably discusses Lord Auckland's policy, and describes the stirring scenes brought by Russia's supposed designs 1 upon Afghanistan, tho 44 military prome nade " to restore Shall Shuga, the surren der of Dosh Muhammad, and other events The volume fully maintains the high repu tation that this series has established under Sir William Hunter's editorship. 