ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of contributors was then held, Mr W. Thomson still presiding. Hie minutes of the previous annual meeting having been confirmed, Messrs M. K. Armstrong, W. Hoyle, and W. Murray were appointed Triers, Mr Hoyle taking the place of the late Mr A- Thomson. The report and balance-sheet were taken as read. The Chairman moved the adoption of the reports and balance-sheet, and congratulated the contributors on the management of the Hospital and the state of finances. Mr H. Eiwson, M.L.A., seconded the motion, and referred to certain recent correspondence in the Press, in which the management of the Hospital was attacked. Such charges should be distinct, and should be signed by the person making them. (Hear, hear.) The work of the committee was done by its members from lore and affection, without fee or reward. Unfortunately there had been some friction between the two local bodies in connection with the fever tent,- and the Hospital had been improperly charged with making demands of an illegal and improper character upon the shire council—with demanding money which was neither owing nor due. Any person making such charges should be very clear of the facts. The members of the committee were as much interested in one institution as the other, and swindling the council would be robbing themselves, for they were all contributors to the shire funds. In the letters he had referred to there was an unfair attempt to belittle the work of the honorary surgeons. Within a few days a second or third letter had appeared in the OBSERVES seriously reflecting upon the work of the honorary sur. geons. In that letter it was stated that the honorary surgeons visited patients in the fever tent, and then proceeded to operations in the Hospital, leaving the impression that no precaution was taken against conveying infection from persons so affected to others. That was absolutely incorrect; his impression was that it was deliberately false. Every precaution had been takec. He (Mr Eawson) had lonu taken an active interest in the Hospital, and he knew that to be a fact. Making such a charge was a deliberate attempt to misrepresent the institutionand the conduct of the honorary medical staff. The thing was monstrous. It was grossly unfair to make snch a serious charge anonymously; and tbe person should have had the courage and manliness to sign his name to it. The death-rate of the institution compared with that of other hospitals was an answer to the unfair and improper charge. He had asked for and obtained some statistics on this point, which he would read for the information of the meeting:— The oil-round death ratfl ot the Kyneton Hospital for the present year, 1S92-3, is 0.75 per cpntam. The surgical death rate ie 2 per centnm, or, including one doubtful case, 3 per centum. General Hospital, Hotwirt, Tasmania.—This i* the chief hospital of Tasmania, and it is interesting to note that the number of nperations performed in it for one year lit Oapt lie more year, than indeed, half 1892,) of what ntnonntcd is done to ia 59 'ran small hospital. The mortality amongst those 59 eargical patients amounts to 12, or nearly 23 per cent The total number of inpatients treated during the same period was 1200, with a mortality of 123, or over 10 per cent. MeJbourii Hospital, Melbourne.—The number of operations performed at this hospital during the year 1892 was 459, with a death rate of 70, or * mertality of nbont 13 per cent. The in-patient* treated numbered for ths same period 3557, »nd of th«sa there died 7H, or over 20 per cent.—Ballarst District Hospital— The number of snrpicnl operations done in this institution for the year 1K92 amounted to 117, nnd the number of deaths nre recorded at 10, or a mortality of 9 per cent and a fraction. Th° in-patients for the abave period numbered 1350, of which there died 113, or nsarij- Si per cent.—Castlemaine District Hospital — This though a much larger hospital than ours h not in advance of it in work. T notice that dnring the year 1892 there were 401 in-patients. The mortality amongst those was exactly 12*74 per cent.. No records of their operations are kept, so that so information is available in that direction. ..StSl, it is reasonable to rnppose tbat if their general rate of mortality is neatly per cent that their surgical mortality must liear a corresponding ratio..—Thera are other Hospitals whose deith rates average from 8 to 10 per cent. The Kyneton Hospital comes next to Bendigo and B&llarat; in the number of cases, and his thr, lowest aB-rouni death rate of any Hospital in Victoria, and far and away the very lowest surgical one. Those figures could not be successfully contradicted, and it must be highly gratifying to the subscribers and to the public that snch a condition of things existed in connection with the Kyneton Hospital; and that it could be shown to the world in print that the work of the hospital bore such extremely favorable comparison with that of other similar places in the colonies. (Applause). This matter should not be allowed to pass without remark, and the credit was due to the honorary and resident surgeons (hear, hear) in the face of the grossly unfair statements made recently by letters in the press against the reputations of the snrgeons and against the institution. The statements in the letters had not only not been borne out, but were proved to be contrary to facts. He had an intimate personal knowledge of the hospital for over 20 years, and believed that no hospital was better managed, or were the patients more carefully looked after or better attended. He felt extreme regret at the friction which had existed between the council and the committee, but it was merely owing to sheer misunderstanding. If councillors knew the circumstances, there was not one of their nnmber but would guns the hospital committee credit f or ' doing that which they thought right and fair In 'their judgment. (Applause.) ''-V- Mr Jas. Forster felt very glad at hearing such a highly satisfactory report. He suggested that the endowment fund should be spent in erecting requisite buildings in connection with the hospital, and with regard to the fever tent,-ihat some arrangement should be'' made, whereby the (hospital shonld take it over from thecouncil. ."Thus, lie thought, all difficul ties "would disappear. Cr. A. D. Smith, president of Kyneton- 5hire, speaking as a contributor, was greatly, gratified at the highly satisfactory reports' presented. Speaking .. for his brother councillors, he failed, ip see why there should ł>e shy friction Twtween'the council and the committer The ^council did not desire that any should exist, but -it was important .that there should be careful pr^iaratión of the accounts rendered fo the council. In" the laist account rendered to the council, a case -was charged fonr-days in excess of the actual-time. - That in itself was a, trifling matter. bnt the accounts shonld-be'absolutely fcorrect. He agreed vtith Mr. Forster's suggestion In regard to the fever tent. . Mr. H. E. Best was pleased at the happy state of aflairs. The commltte regretted the friction that had^eiisted, but were desirous that the ghost pheuli be laid and disappear for«ver. ^There was i difficulty in regard to the proposal that the 1 commit-- teeBhonld take over the fever tent, for the' committee could not recover ch^rges from —tying patients, as_ the treatment ot pau- i ydrs only was contemplated/ It.appSared ?thafc there shonld-fie an arrangement b&-< Jtweenthe committee and the shite council, i whereby the latter would be ablejto charge :-g>aliłies?for -IŁb ta&tment; of e was TCxy much pleasejl with Di«mitii'e views, and hoped .that all dickering and misunderstanding vfould cease. ^-„-i , Th^ęresiąe^ ^^gtted ^ęnóially with, Mx. ForstBrtsjnewą, aaŁłnote with tbe spirit pervading them, but defended the action of tbe committee in having retained the endowment fund instead of apending it. They had used the interest and had adopted the course followed by other similar institutions possessing an endowment fund. However, £520 had been transferred from the endowment fund to the building account, and he supposed the remainder would be used up in course of time. No hospital management worth their salt would squander their whole in- : com. The Government subsidy would not 4ast for ever. -During the coming year he believed it would be reduced one-half, and then there must be extra subscriptions or the municipal councils must provide funds There had been much unnecessary friction, but it had not been the fault of the hospital committee. Statements bad been made to the sliire council which had not been made to the committee. Had they been first of all fought out in the committee, they would never have been made to the Council. So far as the Kyneton Coun :il and the committee were concerned, all friction would be got rid of by the Council paying a lump sum for the treatment of the Council's patients, but the difficulty lay in the other Councils' patients, for a case of contagious disease brought from one place to another resulted in the imposition of a heavy penalty. Regarding paying patients, the practice was that they were not admitted nnless the charges were paid, and that was only reasonable. He trusted all the trouble had come to an end. For weeks the committee bad been unable to get orders for the admission of patients. The bull had to be taken by the boms; the patients were put into the tent, and the Council was asked to to pay for them. The Hospital Committee had no reason to be ashamed of any of its actions. (Hear, hear). . Dr Kyan regarded some of Mr Rawson's remarks as pointed at him, and he desired to say tbat hp had nothing to do with any letters to the papers except those he had signed with his own name. Mr Bawson: I did not point to you in any way. I do not believe you wrote the letters. I would have named the man who wrote them if he had been in the room. Dr Ryan said that the startling statements in the letters referred to were neir to him, but he agreed with what was stated in the last letter in regard to deaths after operation. The book said there were two deaths, but he was certain that during the year there were 5 or 6 deaths after operation. The President did not understand the position taken by Dr Hyan, who was one of the surgical officers of the Hospital. He reminded Dr Ryan of an old saying to the effect that it was a dirty bird that fouled its own nest. Mr J. E. Andrews thought that before the report was presented it should have been recorded that Dr Ryan disagreed with it. He endorsed Mr Forster's remarks, and was glad that there was so little opposition to the reports, which showed that the newspaper letters had simply been caused by an itch for writing, and not because of any tangible objection to the management of the Hospital. The writer should have been present to help the committee to manage better. He congratulated the committee upon their report, and hoped the present satisfactory condition of things would continue. The President explained that the medical report had been presented at the last meeting of the committee, and he offered any one who desired to do so the opportunity of reading it. Dr Ryan replied that the report was adopted before he could get an opportunity o have it corrected. Dr Duncan said that Dr Smith had asked him to go over the book with him, and what appeared in the report was substantially correct. They went over the book half a dozen times. There were 3 deaths recorded, one of which was doubtful in its relation to operation. Any one in" terested could see the book. The President: Even " Disgusted." Dr Duncan: Yes. Even " Disgusted." Bit Castles thought that the writer of the letters referred to ought to have had the manliness to come and meet face to face those whom he made charges against—the Hospital staff, and the honorary surgeons. The writer had made gross charges to inj ure tbe institution, and had not the manliness to come forward and support his charges. (Applause). It had been sufficiently proved that- there was no foundation for the statements which had been made, but that the letters had been written only for the purpose of injuring the Hospital in reputation and income. People sheltered themselves behind such statements as appeared in the letters, and said that on account of the way in which the Hospital was managed they would not subscribe to it. They took advantage of the statements of cowardly individuals who should come forward, and show the grounds on which they made them. Here was the opportunity—this meeting— but there was not a hint at any proof of those statements. He felt, and believed that all the contributors present, knew that there was no foundation for the contents of the; anonymous letters, while the statistics quoted by Mr Rawson showed that the Kyneton Hospital stood first in the list for small death rates, both on the surgical medical sides. Mr Shortill considered that a great deal of the difficulties that had occurred were owing to a desire to air grievances in the press- Newspapers had to look at the merits of a case, and correspondence of the class under consideration did a great deal of injury. Such correspondence was not welcomed, but was received in respect to the duty to the pnblic. When all was over there was no point in a discussion of the death rate of tbe Hospital. No good purpose was served by such a discussion, and he trusted this meeting would be the end of it, and that there would be nothing farther to interfere with the advancement of the interests of the institution. (Hear; hear). The President, referring to the endowment fund, said that if there were any one to blame for not expending it, he must take the blame, for in season and ont of season he had opposed any interference with it. However, he had no doubt that if he had not made the stand he did, the money would have been spent, and the Hospital would have been far worse off than it was to-day. There were 1600 ratepayers in the Shire of Kyneton, and of that number only about 160, or 10 per cent, contributed to the support of the Hospital. If all were made to pay their share, the Hospital would get on splendidly! ' For that reason he had advocated a municipal rate. Some of the richest men in the Shire had not given a cent to the Hospital for over 30 years, and they found fault with the management, to get rid of their responsibility. The motion for the adoption of the reports and balance sheet was put and carried unanimously. AUDITORS. Messrs Jas. Johnston and Jos. O'Brien were elected auditors. SCEUTINE ERS. essrs Castles and Linklater were appointed scrutineers to act at the poll for honorary surgeons. ELECTION or BONOBART SURGEONS. „ T ? is . t 001^ at the south room of the Mechanics' in the afternoon. The booth was opened at two o'clock and closed at four o clock. The retiring surgeons, Drs. Duncan, J. H. PesteU, and Ryan offered themselves for rejection, and Dr Main, of Malmsbnry, was also a candidate. The voting was as follows .•— . • Duncan : Pestell ... ... 104. 9! Main ... ... 81 -^yan 61 Drs. Dancan, J. H. Pestell, and Main were-declared elected 