FICTION. THE HOUSE BY THE COMMON, (BY THOMAs COBB.) OHAPTER IX.- CONTINUED. I could think of these problems sepa rately; I did think of them until my head was ready to split, but there seemed no connecting link between them. I could not bring one fact in relation to another, and my recent conference with Mrs Hutchins had left me more be. wildered and more uneasy than ever. Late as it was I presently set off to Donaldson's, and he admitted me in .person. ' The women have gone to bed,' he said. 'Come in my dear fellow, come in.' ' What news from The Friars ?'I asked, preceding him to the dining-room.' ' Worse,' he said, 'decidedly worse. It is exactly as I foretold. By-the-by, I suggested the consultation --' 'Yes,' I cried, eagerly. 'No objection was offered until your name was mentioned. It is a rather difficult matter to explain ; in fact, what Mrs Manningtree said was not entirely complimentary. In short, if she had a second opinion at all, it must be that of a. London man. As she said she was quite satisfied with my conduct of the case, and as having a London man down would not benefit you-why, I gracefully ate my words and backed out of the sugges. tion.' ' And she is worse, you say ?' 'Sinking fast.' Imploring .him to communicate with we after seeing Dora again I left the house, and reached home in a condition nordering on madness. I rose on Sunday morning after a night of sleepless tossing. Being in the habit of paying as few visits as possible on that day I sat later than usual over my break. fast, swallowing cup after cup of tea, and little else. The sun shone brightly on the common ; a few nursemaids were already out with their young charges; the Salvation Army's band struck dis cordantly on my ear, and presently the church balls began to ring, and people passed in twos and threes, while I stared out of window listlessly. At about ten minutes to eleven a man stopped at my gate, and entering the apology for a garden, rang the bell. He was a tall, florid, middle-aged man, of burly figure; his hair and short board were red, his long upper lip was shaven. Well dressed, his clothes were noticeably new, while his diamond scarf pin, his heavy gold chain, seemed to advertise his wealth. A few minutes later I was entering the consulting room, assuming that he was a visitor who desired medical advice. He did not look ill, it is true, but neither do a good many patients. ' You don't know me, and I don't know you,' he began, resting his'hat aiid gloves on my writing table, before seating him. self in the chair which I placed. 'I have'nt come for any physic either; never took a dose of physidin my life.' I.bowed, w.hich was .the utmost that. could be expected from me. 'I am Mr Cartwright, Mr James Oartwright, he continued. Recognisiog the name as that. of Las colles's visitor of Monday, and being ready to clutch any chance of gaining further information concerning the household at TheFriars, I became [at-once interestedin every word he said. 'I hear you've been attending someone at a place called The Friars,' he said. 'Now, what I want to ask you is about a party by the name of Lascelles. Lascelles he calls himself now; I want to know whether he ever called hiiiiself anything else ; Roberts, for instance.' ' I attended Mr Lascelles's brother-in law,' I replied. 'Colonel Manuinogtree died during the first week in- July, and -I have not spoken to Iascelles since the day of the faneral. .May I ask, in my turn, what prompts your question ?' 'That's a long story, doctor.' 'My time is unoccupied this morning,' I suggested. '1 am prepared to listen as long as you are prepared to talk.' SIt struck me that he was by no means averse to discuss the subject, and, after a few explanatory phrases, he began as follows : 'Yes, it's a long story, and the rum. part of it is that it's nothing to do with Mr Lascelles after all, as far as I can make out. :I've come here on a wild-goose chase, doctor-two wild-goose chases, for I've been down once before. But this isn't getting along with the story. I'm bound to go pretty far back, or else you won't make head or tail of it. I was born at Forest Row, close to Ashdown Forest. I can't go.back further than that, can I? You can see the forest from your common over there. When I left home, a lad of eighteen, I hadn't what you can call a trade. I was a day labourer then ; you see what I am now.' He extended his arms proudly. 'I went to Australia; in those days a man could man make his way in the world. I made my way, and as soon as 'I turned myself I thought of the old folks I had left behind. You see, I hadn't gone away quite on the square. When I had been in Australia ten years, I wrote to them; enclosing a trifle, and mother wrote back. Five years ago mother died, and I knew father was too old by this time to do much work. He wasn't a scholar, and I got no more news of him. You know how it is with a man, doctor ; I had a wife and a boy of my own. I sent a little help when I thought of it, but whether he or somebody else got the money I didn't know. Two years ago I lost my boy-as fine a fellow as ever breathed, sir-and grief for him killed his mother. I stuck on for a year or two, but 1 couldn't fill up the blank ; and by-and-by I seemed to grow homesick somehow just like a child, though I was a man. To make a long story shorter, I got to London three weeks ago, and the next day I took the train to Forest Row. Lord! how strange it all seemed. I've seen half-a dozen log cabins grow into a town in a year or two. I had made a new little world of my own and lost it. Yet here was the same sleepy village I had left thirty years ago with the same jog-trot ways, the very same cottages -it might be the same boys and girls and men and women. If they had told me the old man was dead I might have be lieved them ; but when they said he has ] gone away a week before-it was too much. It was true enough, though, and. I'll tell you how he went. About the 24th of June, as nearly as I can make out, a parson chap came to the village and put up at the Forest Hotel. He went by the name of Roberts-a dark, lanthorn-jawed chap, they tell me; and one day he" stopped to speak to my old man outside ] the cottage door. Father had given up I work, and with the money I sent and I what he got from the parish he just managed to scrape along. Well, doctor, this parson chap soon learned all about him, how. his only son was abroad and never likely to return, how he had neither f kith nor kin besides, and all about his i complaints. This Reverend Roberts soon began to take an interest in him My old i man wasn't the first old chap in the - vill;age he~had spoken to. He gave him a money, and by -.and-by, so father told the t neighbours, offered to provide for him E altogether. Not that he had much the 1 matter with him in my young days-a grand.-looking man was father. You may I guess he took a deal of moving, but I o suppose life was dear to him like it is to k most of us, though he didn't seem to have p much to live for. To out it short, he c went; and what's more; he didn't leave a r single trace behind him. Well, I meant finding him. I don't believe in your j philanthropists, as you call them. I 1 travelled up to London, and I went c straight to Mr Polloy. Mr Polloy's a' t detective, about as sharp as as they make 'em; you may have seen his advertise- h menta. All 1 knew was, that my old man p hadleft Forest Row on the evening of the 28th of June; but after he had had the h case in hand a day- or two, he said he traced this Reverend Roberts to a house at Tunbridge Wells called ThS Friars.' t 'To Mrs Manningtree's house,' I ex- d claimed. 'Just that, doctor. Polloy had to go north on a divorce job, and wouldn't be a back till tomorrow night-that meant waiting a week, you sos--so I thought I d would just take a run down to see this parson chap myself. I might have waited fm for all the good Idid. I went to The d Friars on Monday, and found Polloy was wrong for once in his life. No Mr Roberts I was known there, nor ever had been. I saw Mr Lascelles, a civil.spoken gent b enough, and, of course, I apologised for h troubling him. He took it in good part, d and there was an end of the matter, as I I thought.' 'Then may I ask why you have ques. tioried me about La.celles to-day ?' I said, p feeling like one who knows by the walls around him that he has entered a maze, but who sees no prospect of ever getting 3ut of it. s 'Well, you see,' Mr Cartwright con tinued, ' I wrote off to Polloy, pointing o out his mistake, and he wires quite t; huffish-like, saying it was me who had k blundered, not him i that Lascelles was Roberts, and he would prove it directly I he got back. He says he willget here to- t morrow night; but, thinks I, if there's h anything to be found out why shouldn't I find It, instead of letting Polloy take alt grin at me. So I took the train down from London last night, and finding out st the Kentish that you had attended someone at. The Friars, 1. thought I would just take the liberty of dropping in.' 'Of course,' I replied, ' it is impossible to form an opinion until one hears on what evidence Mr,Polloy forms his opinion.' 'These detectives are so infernally mysterious, doctor,' said Mr Cartwright. 'Afraid of making themselves too cheap, I suppose, 'At all events,' I suggested, 'I am at least as eager as you are to hear further particulars. On the face of it, the story sounds improbable. I suppose there would.be no objection to my seeing Mr Polloy ? - 'Oh, dear, no. If you like I'll bring him round to-morrow night. He may be late, but as you. seem to have an interest in the business, perhaps that won't matter.' ' Bring him, by all means,' I answered, 'and never mind the hour. ,May I rely upon seeing Mr Polloy to-morrow at some time ?' ' You may, doctor ; depend on me,' he said, and taking his hat and gloves, he left me. CHAPTER X. -MR POLLOY. Though I should, have been puzzled to know why, I did nothing but look forward to the morrow. There seemed little hope of to-morrow's bringing me aught of good, yet I longed to get rid of to-day. There were one or two coincidences in Mr Cartwright's story which it was impossible to ignore, but, more important than everything else, I remembered Dora's words on Tuesday. She, in what I believed her Infatuation, had declared that Mrs Manningtreou's actions had been influenced by Cartwright's appearance at The Friars, just as she had declared that some awful frate awaited herself. Although terrible suspicions were gain ing strength in my mind, I could not yet see a way through the surrounding mist. I was able no more to think clearly than to act, whilst inaction seemed to paralyze me. It seemed impossible that any human being could desire to injure Dora. There was no reason, not even a mercenary one. Nobody would gain la farthing by her death. That she, or someone going by her name, lay at the point of death was the only thing certain.amidst so much doubt. This was the one fact on which I could depend ! Slowly the day passed, and the next morning I was in Dr. Smith's dining room before Donaldson finished his break. fast. He rose as abruptly as if I were the ghost of a neglected patient. 'My dear fellow, you look ill, posi tively ill ! What on earth is the matter? Have some coffee ?' ' Never mind me; how is your patient ?' I asked, eagerly. 'Very bad at eight o'clock last night,' he replied, sitting down again. 'I doubt whether she will get through the day. Look here, Everest, if you're not careful I shall have another patent before long.' ' Tell me this ? ' I exclaimed. ' You have been 'a good many times to the house. How many inmates have you seen ?' ' Only Mr Lascelles and the widow,' he answered. ' No servants- ' ' Lascelles generally lets me in himself,' he said. 'Of course, he and Mrs Man ningtree are very anxious. I generally find one or the other on the look out for my arrival.' 'You have not heard any mysterious sounds in the house-cries, or strange noises of any'kind ?' ' The only things mysterious within my experience of the case are your questions, Everest. Pay attention to me, my dear fellow. You are driving the machine too fast; you are overworking yourself ; you want a change. Now, like a sensible chap, take it, before it is too late.' I broke into a laugh, which sounded hollow enough, at the sight of his solemn face, and left the house as abruptly as I had entered it. How I got through that day, I do not know. What absurdities I was guilty of -how many patients I forgot, I am ashamed to recollect. But in some way the hours slipped by, and as each one passed I ticked it off in my mind as one less for Donaldson's patient to live. After dinner on this Monday evening, I went to the consulting room and gave orders that I was ' not at home' to any body but Mr COartwright and Mr Polloy. Now that the hour of Polloy's visit was so close, I was not in a fit state of mind to receive patients. It was nearly nine o'clock when, the door opening, I turned in my chair and saw a short, thin, wiry looking man, cleanly shaven, closely cropped, and with a nose as sharp as a terrier's. He wore a dark suit of an nn noticeable colour, and carried in one hand a black billycock hat, in the other a pair of gloves and a cane. Asked to guess his calling, I should have answered that he was a stud- groom or a jockey. '.My name's Polloy, Dr. Everest. I think Mr Cartwright mentioned it yester sy.' . - . 'He did,' I said pointing to a chair, 'and he promised to bring you here this iveing.' 'Humph I 1 preferred to come alone Mr Cartwright made a mistake, sir.' 'Indeed. Then has he discovered his lather after all?' I enquired, with some 3isappointment. ' I don't mean what you mean,' Mr Polloy continued. 'He ought to have waited for me, that's all. I left Scar borough only this morning, so I didn't lose much time in town. Mr Oartwright iidn't convince you that Lascelles and Roberts are one and the same man, Dr. verest ?' 'I had only the bare assertion,' I re plied. 'That was scarcely sufficient. Everything depends on the evidence which connects the two men.' 'There's orily one man, sir. But you shall judge for yourself. The fact is I want some information fromyou, and 'tie only fair I should give and take- give and take, Dr. Everest. I started with the knowledge that Roberts and old Mr Cait wright travelled from Forest Row by the Brighton line on the evening of the twenty-eighth of June.' He placed his hat on the knob of his cane and, as he spoke, occasionally swung it round. 'Now t.here were odds on their going to London \--more people do go to London than any where else. When a cab leaves a big station, its driver calls out his destination Sto an official at the gate. Perhaps you know that. I got several addresses from the gate-keeper at Victoria, and followd d Sthem up till I heard of a parson and an old countryman at number -- Ebury. street, Pimlico. . The 'day after the arrival, on the twenty-ninth of June, it seems that the old man was rigged out in a suit of black, and that night, being Wednesday, he drove from Ebury-street at eleven o'clock. I searched the rooms and found in the firepla-e a screw of paper. It was a milliner's bil' receipted. On enquiry at the shop, I learned thati they had sent a black crape bonnet with a widow's veil to The Friars, near the common, Tunbridge Wells. The box was directed to Mrs Manningtree, and was sent off on the first of July.' 'The day before I was called to Colonel Manningtree,' I murmured. ' Wait a minute, sir; on Wednesdays, and on Wednesdays only, a special train leaves Charing Cross for Tunbridge Wells. By leaving Ebury-street at 11 or there abouts, Roberts would just about have caught it at 11 42. Well, Dr. Everest, what do you think now V' 'Upon my word I don't know what to think,' I replied, feeling: remarkably, un comfortable 'If you'll pardon me, sir, don't think anything just yet. I don't know whether you're in a hurry -- ' 'Nothing on earth is so important to me as the business you have come about,' I exclaimed, and for the first time I saw Polloy glance sharply at my face. 'You understand what that business is, sir : to find Mr Cartwright's father, dead or alive. I know a good deal, and I sus pect more, but I begin to think there's something else in the background. I see you know more about these people at The Friars than you cared to tell Mr Cart wright. To begin at the beginning: when did you first make the acquaintance of Mr Lascelles ' SOn the 2nd of July,' I answered. 'He fetched me to Colonel Manningtree about eight o'clock in the evening.' ' You had never seen Colonel Manning tree before-never set eyes on him ?' 'Certainly not,' I replied. ' What was his complaint, sir ?' 'Apoplexy-he died two days later; on the Monday.' 'Now, sir, do you happen to know who were in the house at the time- the servants and the whole boiling of them ? 'There were no servants,' I said. '.1 believe there had been a rebellion in the camp; all the servants had left, and their places were taken by one woman, assisted now and then by her daughter. Besides this woman, there were only Lascelles, Mrs Manningtree and the Colonel.' ' How did it come to your knowledge that there had been this bother with the servants, Dr. Everest ?' ' I heard of it some time later,' I con. tinued. 'I must explain that I called at three on Monday, the 4th of July, an found Colonel Manningtree dead. As soon as we returied to the drawing-room from seeing the body, Miss Manningtree drove up to the door. 'Telegraphed for ?' he inquired casu. ally. 'No,' I answered, 'in the flarry of Colonel Manningtree's sudden illness, she I was forgotten. At all events they did not wire for her.' 'Then she returned unexpectedly to hear of her father's death 1' 'Yes. Of course it was a terrible blow for her. She had left him apparently in good health a few weeks previously.' 'And where was the nurse all this I time, Dr. Everest,' asked Mr Polloy, a placing his hat on the floor between his feet as if for the express purpose of rub bing his palms together. "Of course there was a nurse 7" ' Mrs Manningtree elected to nurse her husband herself,' I informed him. . He drew his chair close to mine and t leaned forward, c 'Now I am going to ask you a rather important question, Dr. Everest. Can | you tell me when Miss Manningtree first saw her father's body 7' 'During the night of her return,' I replied, with but an indistinct idea . whither these questions were tending; as I answered them my thoughts constantly wandered to Donaldson's patient. c 'During the night ?' he repeated. i 'On her arrival she was so upset by the news of Colonel Manningtree's death, that her stepmother would not let her go to his room until she had rested, I ex plained.' ' She retired for the night with the promise that she should see her father in the morning. But a little before dawn, she was awakened by what she thought were sounds of digging, followed by cries, which she took for Colonel Manningtree's. She went to his room, determined to make sure that her father was really dead ; the door was locked, but she opened it with another key. On raising the sheet which covered the body, she saw-or fancied she saw--a face that was not Colonel Manningtree's. When she told me about it-in this very room the following morn ing-I tried to convince her that she was the victim of an hallucination, that if she went a second time to the room she would be undeceived.' ' And was she ?' asked Mr Polloy, with surprising calmness. ' Everything happened as I foretold. Mrs Manningtree took her to the room immediately she returned, and she was convinced that the body on the bed was Colonel Maningtree's after all.' ' Then, Dr. Everest, it did not occur to you that the body might have been changed ?' Great Heaven, no !' I exclaimed. 'How could it have been changed. I knew that the body was that of my patient; I had seen it immediately after death.' 'But,' he said, quite gaily, ' how if the man who had the fit was not Colonel Manningtree, how if the man Miss Max ningtree saw in the night was not Colonel Manningtree, but I am interrupting you, and I want to hear a little more yet. You tell me, or do I misunderstand you, that Miss Manningtree, herself, was convinced that she had made a mistake during the night ! ' 'Ultimately, she became convinced,' I explained. ' At first she insisted that she had seen a different body on each occa sion.' "You appear to have seen Miss Man ningtree since you saw Mr Laseelles,' he remarked, drily. 'You told Mr Cart. wright you shad not seen Lascelles since the funeral.' ' Yes,' I replied, 'I have seen Miss Manningtree since. The trouble is,' I added with an irrepressible outburst, ' ttat I am never likely to see her again. She is ill- dying; and yet-and yet-I cannot believe it.' I was recalled to myself by a prolo iged whistle from Mr Poll, y. ' Who is her doc:orl he asked, quite eagerly now. 'iOf course, they did not send for you again.' ' Dr. Donaldson - 'How long has he been at Tunbridge Wells ?' ' He arrived in the town two days be fore Lascelles fetched him to Thi Friars ' I said. ' Be is. actibg as Dr. Smith's locum. When he tuid me about the case I was dumbfounded. It waslast Friday : he'said she was dyiiig from phthisis; on the previous: Tuesday, I had left her to all appearaince well. ' What did you do?' he asked. ' What could I do .. I inteirviewed the old woman who acted as servant during the daytime - ' LOh, then they: have not suited them selves with servants yet, sir ? 'They were going abroad,' I answered, 'but on Monday they altered their inten tions. Miss Manningtree herself attri buted the alteration, as I thought without sufficient reason, to Mr Cartwright's visit on that day.' SWell; and what had the woman to say for herself, Dr. Everest ?' ' It appears that she also heard strange sounds in the house at the time of Colonel Manningtree's death. Superstitiously, she accepted them as a warning. Strangely enough she had heard somewhat similar sounds again.' 'Ah,' said Mr Polloy, 'I am a great believer in ghosts myself, they're useful in our trade.' 'Unfortunately,' I continued, ' she had seen nothing of the girl--' 'Of what girl?' he demanded, as if he would snap me up. 'I was about-to tell you that on Thurs day night, the night before Dr. Donald son was called to The Friars, I saw Mrs Manningtree alight from a fly on Rusthall Common at midnight, more than a quar ter of a mile from her own door. Accom panying her was a girl who I thought was Miss Manningtree, until I heard from the charwoman that Miss Manningtree was at The Friars that evening. I saw the pair enter the house, and I noticed a light in one of the upper rooms, which had been disused since the dismissal of the servants.' Without comment he rose, glanced at his watch, re-buttoned his coat, and picked up his hat. 'You have nothing else to tell me, Dr. Everest 1' 'Only that I am entirely in the dark,' answe red. 'I cannot see daylight any where, yet I have the irritating con iciousuess that I am separated from it by a very slight obstruction. I cannot believe that Miss Manningtree is dying Pet Icannot disbelieve Dr. Donaldson.' ' It is true,' said Polloy, quietly. ' Her ife hangs by a thread. It is past ten )'clock; there is no time to be lost. I vill get you to take me to the house.' As I followed Mr Polloy into the road woman approuched. ' 'Dr. Everest,' she said, hesitatingly, md held out a letter. 'From Dr. Donaldson, sir.' I eagerly tore it open, and striding to he nearest lamp post, read the note by' ta light. " DEAR EVEREST it ran), 1 have just eft The Friars. Miss Manningtree died .t nine o'clock this evening.-Yours, GODFREY DONALDSON." (To be continued.) 'I don't think that man is acquainted rith his mother tongue.' ' He has no need Sbe. His wife's tongue is more than he an stand.' Over Apt.-Halton ' Is the fellow [uick at taking up anything ?' Scrapper; You bet he is. He's what you might call natural-born thief.' 'You are weak,' said a widow to her son ehen he remonstrated against her marry ng again. 'I know it,' he replied,' I am o weak that I can't step-father.' 'How do you manage to take your medi. ne without making a face, Johnnie ? It • awful tasting stuff.' 'I know that,' said 'ohnnie, ' but I pretend it's pancakes. 