xmrroirx irt:su:r.ix cucnni JXyiVMl.SAUY. The cnlebratioiiof Hionmiiversarfo/ilit Newtown AYosieyun Church was conttntu^l lust evening by a public meeting iu th.it phiuo of worship. Then; uus it hrjw assemblage of the congregation, ami Mr T. Peters presided. The proeoaliniN coniiiieiiccd with the singing of a fevttrife hymn ** Crown Itim Lord of nil/' whicli was followed by prayer ; and then tli" clminnnu mentioned *' recoiisfrucfroti," mid referred with pleasure to the fait that the Newtown coHgregati'mi had been several times I'unip.'l.'i-i to pull down the church mid "re construct " on a larger T'(.1 church steward reported tliaf during It" year lie had received £7.S 'Is Gil. mil expended £40 los 3d, leaving n balnmc of £31 Ss 3d to hand over to tin; trra surer. The treasurer's report show! 1 crcdit balance, after allowing for a snnll overdraft at the bank, of £21 (Is III. Up debt on the church building amounted t i slightly over £200, so that notwithstand ing the depressed times tin; finantcs were in a satisfactory condition When the Rev. C. Lancaster *u; called on to address tlio lncctiiij.', Mr F. Annear, on behalf of tlf oflleers of the church, road au address uf welcome to tlioir now minister. The rev gentleman, in the courseof an interesting address, after thanking tlic congregation for their kindly welcome, stated th;it they should not look upon an anniversary merely as n tinii; of iiicrrinii'nt, but ns an occasion of blessing and the beginning of a new year. lie thought that tliey bad all the machinery of a successful cliurih. and they only needed the Holy Ghost to apply the spark ot grace for a time of refreshing from above. The Rev. Williams pve an interesting address, and tlio Itevs. X Davidson and J. II. Itadley nlso brirav addressed the meeting. A. dialogue, en titled " Is total abstinence opposed totw Bible or common sensewas giwt, .»* parts being taken by Messrs J. lte"", £. Koberts, P. "Peart, E. M'DonaM, k Nicholls, and D. Grant, and recitations wero contributed by Messrs 1). Grant and J. Thewlis. " A dream oi 1M>'!C; hem " was pleasingly sung . ' Stone, and Mr C. Hcndall sang " bow at Thy feet." A trio by the Misses Storic, Pes', and Orr was well received, auu toe choir sang the anthems, "Praise Lord for llis goodness," and " I J"" Alpha and Omega." Mr G. « ale *' tinted his thorough knowledge and s in the inauipulatiQii of the SI"P'" ' organ, on which ho played ''l0 '"fij. Iiauimcnts for the vocalists, w , -jJ organ voluntaries proved ft dPC musical treat. 