CHAPTER II. The girl who threatened to lecture Emily looked very fresh, and was smiling, presenting a great contrast to the careworn elder woman, whose face, nevertheless, brightened as the other spoke. ' Lecture me ? Why ?' inquired Emily. ' For mooning by yourself at the gate. What were you thinking of ?' Emily sat down ou the steps of the shingle roofed veranda. 'Of the past,'she said, 'and of my husband. But where are you going, Tess ?' she asked. ' 'I was going to llount Pleasant for flowers,' was the reply,' but it ia too late now.' A pause, then Tcss said: ' You mustn't think.' 'No, dear, I won't,' answered Emily,' but some times it is very lonely. Nearly seven years now and not a word of George.' Teas frowned. She would have liked to express an opinion of George, but she knew that it was one Emily would resent. They sat in silence for some minutes listening to the lowing of the cows as they were turned out for the night. ' The boys will be coming in,' said Emily, rising as she spoke. The house was of weather-board, with a narrow passage. The rooms though low-ceiled were large, but the atmosphere within felt oppressive, and with doors and windows closed against the mosquitoes. The room into which Emily turned was not without a certain grace, which had come of the touch of feminine fingers. There wero art muslin draperies, and in one corner stood a clump of maize with tasselled tops. When Dave had met Tess carrying it in he had exclaimed: ' What's that fodder in here for ?' Then, 'Jove I If you haven't got in that old drain-pipe from the cow-yard!' Finally, in a rather aggrieved tone to Emily,' Doesn't Tess know that this is the best room?' That was over six months ago, in the days when the boys used to prefer sitting in the kitchen at night. Tess was their elder sister, Louisa's niece by marriage, an orphan who had been consigned from New Zealand to her uncle in Melbourne. 11 can't have Tess here,' Louisa had written to Emily, ' she is not quite the sort of girl one caret to have with one in town. Should yon mind having her. dear, for a time?' Emily had quite understood that Louisa, who long ago ' could not hare' poor little five-year- old Jim, could not now have an attractive girl in lier bouse, where her own daughters were growing up and ought to have attention, and agreed to receive the friendlebs girl a* her guest. From the firat week of Tces'b arrival Emily bad been grateful for the brightness her presence brought. At the end of a month Tess had said: I must look out for employment, for Aunt Louisa told me plainly that uncle cannot maintain mo. Emily won't let me really work here, so I must get pupils.' EmUy had smiled at this. 'You won't find any pupils here,' she said. Tess, however, got tho ono estate agent in the little townslu'p to put her advertisement on his board, which stood between the apple trees in his front garden, and before long 6ho became morning governess to two little girls, children of an artist who lived near. Emily had been pleased to see how Tess's presence improved tho boys, but she had latterly begun to feel uneasy leßt Dave should oare too much lor their winsome guest. Dave looked into the room now as Tess lit the lamp—a fresh-faced manly fellow with Emily's honest eyes unclouded by woe. ' Come for a stroll, Tess ?' he suggested. The girl smiled. ' Yes, if you will take me to Mount Pleasant to fet some flowers from the cottage,' she answered. ' I'm blest if I will,' he cried hotly. Toss laughed. ' Never mind, I'll go alone to morrow,' she said, and smiled significantly at Emily in passing. ' What an anxiety she is,' thought Emily. ' She is teasing Dave with that young fellow at Mount Pleasant—oh dear, here's another of them!' She went to the front door to receive the visitor, a middle-aged man, who greeted her nervously. 'I'm quite alone, 7 sho said Apologetically; 'even Jim has deserted me.' Emily led the way to tho sitting-room. The visitor put his straw hat on the table and Eeated himself opposite to her. Ho was no country farmer, but a prosperous city man recruiting after an illness. He was staying at the hotel near, but since his arrival he had spent most of his evenings in this room. ' Mr. Ward is well-to-do and honest, and if he cares for Tesa'—Emily was thinking; 'but he is a good deal older than she is. I always like to think of boy and girl lovers like Oeorge and me— yet——' and then she sighed. ' I wanted to see you alone,' said the visitor. Emily fetohed some knitting, and drew the lamp nearer to her. Its light fell full upon her calm face. ' I think I can guess why,' she said. I You will give me some hopo ?' he said. 'I cannot tell how Tess feels,' sho replied, look ing np. ' Tess!' he repeated,' pray what has Tess to do with it ?' he inquired. Ho was self-possessed in manner and rather stern. ' I am afraid I dou't understand you,' Emily stammered. I 1 thought you must know by this time why I have come here bo often,' he said; ' why I have stayed here so long after I was well enough to leave. Surely you are aware that it was to be near yon. 1 'To be near me?' exclaimed Emily, drawing hack her chair with almost a shudder. ' Yes,' he replied,' I have grown to love you so much that I must tell you—must ask for a word •f hope.' She rose and stepped further backward from where he sat. ' But you know that I am married,' she said. 'You must know. You call me Mrs. Shand.' Then she continued more softly: ' Perhaps you did not know; but I have a hus band. Perhaps you fancied he was dead.' Mr. Ward also rose. ' I know that you have a hnsband somewhere,' he replied; ' I know, too, that he deserted you so long ago that you could be rid of him to-morrow.' Emily raised her hand. 'No more,' she said,' I beg of you. He is ray armband. As long as he lives he is mine and I am bit. Who was it told yon about him ?' ' Your brother Dave,' he said. ' I told him that I wished to marry yon, and asked whether what I had heard of your husband were true.' ' Dave let you say this to me ?' exclaimed Emily. •And George was so kind to Dave years and years ago,' she said, her eyes oast down, her mind in the past, when Oeorge was as a hero to Dave. ' Dave said that, so far as he was concerned, it was only a question of your happiness. That though he could not bear the thought of losing yon, he would welcome any change likely to mako you happy.' She shook her head. 4My brother ought to liave known m« better,' ■he said. ' I must ask you never to speak of this ■gain.* 'Then you give me no hope—after all these nonths ?' he asked. 'I never- dreamt that you came to see me. I thought it was Tess. I thought you know that I was waiting for my husband's return.' ' You may wait and wait,' said Ward as he left thehooiein bitterness of spirit: 'but you will ■ever see your husband's face again.' Chaptkb 111. The next day was Saturday. After Tess had done what she could to make the sitting-room look cool, even to pursuing flies with a duster, she fat on a shady hat and started for Mount leasant. Dave overtook her as Bhe stopped into the road. 'What are you going there for to-day?' he asked. 'For flowers,' she answered with her whimsical smile. 1 There are no flowers now; and there are just ss good ones nearer here,' he said illogically. Tess only laughed and passed on, walking slowly, for the sun was warm. The brightness left her face as she journeyed, as she thought of Emily and of the hoplessness of her future. 'Emily is such a good woman, it enrages me to think of her being unhappy,' thought Tess as she climbed a style in the sweet-briar hedge. Sho cut across a yellow desert of gva :a, and tamed into an avenue of English trees—once a well-kept avenue, though now nothing saved the travel from being overgrown but the traffic of a Milk-cart, driven by the dairyman who rented the •Id mansion with its spacious grounds— two-score acres once cared for by a staff of skilled gardeners, now a lonely wilder ness. Tess did not go to the liouse, a portion of which was rented by the parents of her pupils, bnt passed tho bay window and glassed-in veranda, the stone steps and marble urns, crossed the lawn and the deserted aviary with the open doors, and went down a path past the pomegranate trees to a red-gabled cottage, formerly occupied by one of the gardeners, but now let to a couple of art students. There were five of these cottages about the grounds, all now tenanted by artists and art students, each of whom ought to vie with the others in tasteful surroundings and originality ia deopration. The cottage at which Tess paused had its lattice windows open, and she saw within Jashet of colour on unframed canvnim on the wall, birds' nests, branches of dried barberries, here a snake-skin, there a lichen-covered bough. She mounted tho steps and raised a silver horn hanging to the door. She was familiar with the place and its ways, but for the benetit o{ the uninitiated there was written in old English characters the legend— If ye (his horn do sound aright Ye shall summon ye faerie sprite. The note long sustained and clear rang upon the sultry air. Teas replaced the horn, descended tho steps,, and seated herself upon a rustic bench just below. In a few seconds appeared tho promised 'faorie sprite' in the shape of a young man dressed entirely in flannels, and with a palctto and brashes in big hand. He shook hands with Toss rather effusively, and seated himself beside her. I Are you coaching those poor infants to the extent of teaching them on Saturday ?' he asked. ' No, I came for flowers,' said Tess, ' more par ticularly green- stuff—passion-flower from your cottage.' ' What for ?' ho inquired. It might have been noticed that his manner was somewhat off-hand. Perhaps Tess did notice it, for sho frowned. ' I have promised some for the table at a tea meeting at Kangaroo Grounds,' eho explained. I 1 should like to go,' he said. ' There is no reason why you should not, then,' said Tess. 1 How we you going ?' he askod. 'I am not going,' she replied. 1 Then I don't care to go,' he returned. 1 Then there ia no reason why you should,' she rejoined. ' I'm afraid I can't let you have any passion flower, 1 said tho artist. 'You see my chum mightn't like it. Ours is the only cottage really covered. If I pick rauoh of it we shan't look any better than the other fellows.' ' Very well. It does not matter,' said Tess cheerfully, •he won't mind.' She broke a branch of pomegranates with a ruthlessness such as only an expanse of forty acres run wild could engender. ' Who is he ?' inquired the artist. ' No one you know,' replied Tess. I How are you going to carry the stuff ?' The young man was scowling. ' You will carry it to tho gate; he will meet me there.' ' Suppose I refuse ?' said the artist. ' Then I shall think you destitute of true " feei ng," although you do paint pictures and famish your honso from Adam's gardeu—and I shall borrow the children's go-cart and not mind in the least.' He looked at her. If he had not been positive that Tess thought him perfect ho would have fancied there was contempt in her manner. Sho looked very pretty in her cool gray linen frock. He did not like the idea of ' another fellow.' I 1 will help you,' he said meekly, proceeding to load himself. Tess, too, piled his arms with evergreens, but strolled empty-handed himself — save for some. tall leafless belladonna lilies across her shoulder—down the long avenues, past a moss-grown foun tain, to the rows of vines. Here she broke branches of small purple grapes among leaves yellowed by the sun, and, smiling at him above his arm-load, said: ' Thank you; thatxwill do, now.' He certainly felt curiouß about the other fellow. 'Well, chickens, I have been robbing the garden,' Tess called in passing to hor pupils on the veranda. 'We mustn't keep him,' she said, quickening her pace. As they neared the gate and a butcher's cart approachod, 'Stop him! please stop him!' she said eagerly. Tho man saw her uplifted arm, and drew rein. ' I nave gathered some decorations,' she said, ' and as there are so many I thought this would be the beat way to send them. I knew you would pass.' The artist's face was a study; the butcher's shone radiant. ♦ Well, Miss,' he exclaimed, 'you are good! The missis' stable will be gay; but you have had a hot walk.' He piled the branches on his cart and drove off beaming. The artist turned to Tess. ' I don't admire the joke,' he said. Tess looked at the hedge, the road, up in the trees. 'What joke?' she inquired. Then, after a moment's reflection, she said : ' There is no joke in my showing civility to an honest tradesman. Yon don't deal with him. If you did you would know how good his meat is.' Then she nodded and passed through the gate. The young man watched her strolling down the dusty road. 'It will not do,' he thought; 'those dairy people, her relatives, make it impossible. Now, this affair of the butaher!—Poor Tess! But it will not do.' Chapter IV. The season bad changed; heavy rain had fallen; the landscape presented the incongruous effect of flan-parched herbage beneath lowering wintry skies. The trees in the orchard at the dairy were yellow and red, the hedges bare. Easter was at hand. Emily was preparing cun-ants for the hot cross buns. She had made buns from her mother's recipe for quite fifteen years now; everything in the way of a pet always had one, from the carthorse to the house cat. As she sat in the kitohen Jimmy strolled through. ' Going to bring me one in bed no usual, Em ?' he asked. ' Don't yon think you are rather too big for that ?' she said with her motherly smile. I Not I,' he answered, fastening on his leggings. Presently she saw his smart horse gallop by, happy as its master, going after the cows. The boy had grown up; George would not recognise ' little Jim' if he saw him now. Eni-ly leaned her elbows on the table and looked into the fading day. 'Does George ever think of me?' she asked hersfllf—' of our holiday celebrations ?' Then her heart sickened. 'He is d«ad,' she said; 'he must be—or he would come to me.' She rose and went to the back. ' It is the autumn, the year is sad, and as Teas is out lam lonely,' she thought. ' Everything looks jußt the same as it did twelve years ago when George and I walked in the lane together. There are the magpies—they sing just as joyously as they did then.' She was in the orchard now under tho almost leaflets trees. ' George, come back! come back!' she cried in her heart; ' come back and pity me V Bitter as was her cry it was uttered from her heart alone. She made no sound. Yet, as if her voice had travelled leagues, her wishes been as magic, all at once she beheld her husband. He stood silent in her presence, with downcast eyes. He was older; he was sadder; but still he was—George. Emily took a faltering step or two; she lifted a face radiant with joy, and stretched out two eager arms. He drew back, he spoke, and his voice sounded like some other man's. I 1 am not fit to touch you,' he said. ' I come to you at a suppliant—aot «s yoax basbajaO.' Emily shivered. An icy wind scorned to sweep across her heart. ' Not as my husband ?' she repeated. • He looked round apprehensively. ' The boys—they must not see me,' he said. 'The boys!' how it wrung her heart lo bear the words from George again. 'They will forgive you as I do,' she cried. ' They will welcome you for my sake.' 'I have been watching for hours,' he sa!<l. 'I saw Dave go to the shed, and Jim ri<le off after the cows. I have waited for hours,' he said with tho same hunted look. Emily was not able to speak. She could only suffer in silence. 1 Emily, I have come to beg for mercy—l have been false to you.' He paused; the anguish in his wife's eyes unmanned him. ' I have, come to plead for her sake.' Again he paused. 1 Why, how could I harm her ? What mercy am I able to show her?—l cannot take her shame,' said Emily in hard dry tones. 1 No! Do not speak of shame and her together,' said George. ' I married hor.' Emily raised ono rigid arm, ' You married me,'she said; 'I am your wife. There on that hill is the church where you married me.' ' I know it. But she does not.' Emily drew back. ' You tell me this ?' she said. ' You ?—my husband whom I swore to honour and obey? You, whose memory I have cherished in spite of all? You tell me that you have done this wrong?' •I tell you when I beg at your feet for mercy.' He waB on his knees—George whom she had wor shipped. 'Mercy? what meroy can I show her?' she demanded fiercely. ' Keep it secret. Do not seek to punish me.' 1 Why has your conscience roused itself now ? Why do you come to shatter what littles peace I had ?' she cried, stepping farther from him. Then, as something in the droop of his bowed head re called the George who had laughingly knelt in the old days to swear his lovo, Emily covered her face with her hands and moaned*. He looked rotmd, still with the same hunted air. He drew nearer to her to be in the shadow of a tree. ' A man named Ward, a wool-classer, came to — my place,' he said. 'He spoke of the farm—of you. He began to emestion me. I was afraid ho would guess; afraid he would recollect that portrait of me you have; afraid ho would tell you ' Emily clasped her hands tightly; she was re membering how she had said to Ward, only three weeks before, 'He is mine, and I am his!' 1 Did he recognise you ?' she asked at la&t.; ' I don't know; I don't think 60; he made no sign. But it has caused me such misery that I could not rest. I have come to beg for mercy.' She moistened her lips, and tried to speak; but words refused to como. She looked round on the familiar scene—so familiar, too, to this man who had deliberately forsaken it, and forsaken her. She heard Dave calling to a belated cow; heard the smart trot of Jim's hotse; and forced heisolf at last to frame the question : 'Is there—any one else to plead for V ' Yes, two beys, the dearest —the: ' He saw her face contract, her hands fly to her heart; he could say no more. 'Go!' she said hoarsely 1 Give me some sign—some answer,' he pleaded. ' I must think,' she said wildly. 'For their sakes,' ho entreated. 'What, will be their position if yon denounce me ? Think of them—their lives blighted from babyhood.' Emily did not remind him that he himself had made the position, brought them degradation. She uttered no taunt; she only shivered and' signed for him to leave her. ' I will come to-morrow,' he said. Then she straightened herself and stood erect. ' No—you shall not You cannot come openly; you are no longer my husband; you shall not come secretly as the man who was my husb.uid. I will write to you.' He gave her an address at which her letter would Bud him. A sadden ray of light from the kitchen as Tess opened a door fell into the garden. He sprang like a uunted animal into the shadow; Emily saw him creeping away. This was the answer to her prayers—this was George's return. Chapter V. Emily was so white, her voice 60 husky, tint night that the boys declared that sho had caught cold ' mooning in. the orchard.' As soon as the evening meal was over she went to her loom—the gable room iv the front which George had built. Tess followed, but found there was nothing that she could do for her. 11 am not ill,' Emily told her, ' only troubled. Some day I may tell yon the reason, but not yet. Leave me alone, Tess.' Then, as Tess prepared to obey, she said: ' Ton and Dave do not seem such good friends as you were. How is it ?' 'He has not forgiven my going, to Mount Pleasant for those flowers. He is very fooliuh,' the girl answered. Emily smiled sadly. 'Your troubles are soon righted,' she said. 'But, Teas—do not make worries; do not tease Dave, or any man, for your own amusement, or you will make trouble for oue or other of you. And trouble comes soon enough.' Teas patted her hand.* ' I will be good,' she said. ' I won't do any thing to fret you, you look so unhappy.' Yea; Tess meant to be ' good.' She went to Mount Pleasant the next day with that intention. As it was the eve of the holidays she stayed to 'breakup,' as she said, which meant having afternoon tea with her pupiln' mother. The gun was setting as she turned homeward. At the foot of the avenue the artist met her. There was an air of gentle melancholy in his greeting as he stopped her at a etilo leading through the fields. ' I shall not see you again for a long time,' he said. ' Not for a week,' she replied, laughing. 1 More than that,' lie answered. Then he took her hand. ' Stay here a little while,' he added; * I hare something to say.' 'It is cold standing about Let us walk briskly down the road,' Teas rejoined, withdrawing her hand. He frowned. She was evidently not in a romantic mood; bat he opened the gate and suited his pace to hers. She was bright and smiling, yet he was about to change all that. 'I am not coming back here,' he said; then, as Teas neither turned towards him nor halted in amazement, he continued, • For your sake it is best. I have been wrong. Bat some day, when a man of your own class—some worthy fellow^lore* you, you will see that I was right to go.' If he bad spoken with the intention of bringing Teas to a standstill he had now succeeded in hit object, for sho stopped and looked into his face. 'What on etftb are you talking about?' the inquired, ' 1 am going away, 1 he repeated,' becausel think it best. I Lave grown very fond of tho place,' and for my art's sako it will be a sacrifico, but I don t wish to mislead you any longer.' Tess looked round; she thought she heard foot steps. Her face waß opposite his, and its expres sion surprisod him; for a moment hor eyes were ablaze. Theu she burst into peals of laughter. ' I never heard anything so absurd in my lifol*. she exclaimed. ' You are trying to break the news of your departure tenderly—to me ?—and I don't care if I never see you again!' Then, hor annoyance returning, she said, 'How dare your imagine I liked you?— You—a miserable, self opiniouated dawdler ?' His startled face, however, was too much for her gravity. 'Qood gracious!* she exclaimed, 'it is too comical for anything! Some worthy man of my own class —Why I know such a man already—one who Buits mo in every way, whose little finger I think more of in a day than I ever could of fifty such men as you in a lifetime.' Then she burst out laughing again; 'You are very sentimental,' she said. 'You planned a little romance between the bare hedges under the autumn sky. You Thought to break a country heart for pastime ere you went to town. You think because I live with people who koep a dairy that I must be a simple young creature ready to fall in love with the first noodle who woars good clothes, but you have been mistaken. Yet,' she continued with another peal of laughter, ' the best of it is I feared that I had been trifling with your young affections. However, it is satis factory to learn that no one is hurt.' Then, as tho artist did not speak, Tcss held out her hand. ' Good-bye,' she said. ' Thank you for having shown me how foolishly I must have behaved. You hare taught me a lesson.' Ho was less generous, and touched her finger)) but lightly. ' You will be able to finish your pictures and stay here for ever now,' she said, moving on. Tess had a branch of scarlet sweet-briar berries in her hand; she waved it in passing, and he loathes the Binell of sweet-briar to this day. 'I have been an idiot,' she 6aid to herself. ' Imagine that noodle daring to think that I cared for him! That is the part that hurts me.' Tho dim road grew dimmer to her gazo as her eyes filled. ' How stupid I havo been!' Then through the rising mist of unshed tears she saw Dave. Ho had coino across the paddocks. 11 heard,' he said. ' I was behind the hedge. I could not make myself seen. Who is tho mau you think so much of, Tess ?' 'Oh! Dave,' she cried, 'don't take advantage of me.' ' Who is the man ?' ho repeated, taking her hand. 'As if you don't know,' she answered, her eyes meeting his. And Dave to this day lore* the smell of nweet briar. CHAPTER VI. Poor Emily was not a good letter-writer at Any time, and the letter she had to send to George caused her three days and nights of misery. It never occurred to her to keep him in suspense or to torment him by delay; it was the manner of expressing herself which troubled her. At last she wrote briefly and without any prefix—for though still his wife she could not call him' dear'— telling him that he need never fear exposure from her, and added: 1 If I die before yon do not let shame keep yon from marrying her. Do not let it prevent yon from telling her that she must marry you again. For though my lips were sealed some one clso might recognise you.' This she did, not foe George's sake or for the sake of the womaa George had deceived, but for the sake of th« children who were brothers to the baby she had lost. When she addressed her letter it occurred to her that Bhe must not post it in the neighbour hood ; the postmistress (who also kept a grocery •lore) was a loquacious old dame, who would Announce the despatch of such a letter to every customer, and Emily's having written to her truant husband would be gossip at the black smith's shop for months to come. She must go to town and post her letter at some street pillar, then return at once. She told Te&s; that she was goia" out for a little while. . * Will you look happier when yon come hack'?' the girl asked fondly. She, so full of her own new happiness, could not show sympathy enough for Emily's sorrow—sorrow all the keener for being unshared. ' Yes, it will be over then,' Emily replied. A drizzling rain was falling just as it had fallen the day twelve years back, when her troubles began. She went slowly, fer her steps seemed as heavy as her heart. ' Dare and Teas will be happy,' she thought. I am glad that I have impressed upon Dave tiio necessity of their beginning their married life alone. If Jim goes to the agricultural col lege—he is such a bright boy ho will bo saro to do well—l shall be free to bogin a new life. I think Tess's idea of my being a nnrse is a good one—a children* nurse. I wonld care for them as if they were my own, and that would give me back my hold on life. I could not stay on here now. I used to think that my cap of misery could hold no more, but it never was full until George came back. 1 But, daddy, I would be good,' said Die chile?. He was clinging to his father's haud, his voice full of entreaty. They were at the Ivanhoc Rail way Station, the man careworn and haggard, the child full of childish dibtress. ' No; you must wait for daddy here, 1 said tha father; then turning to the porter he added: 'I am only going a little way, but the boy mnstn't go ont in the rain. I'm afraid of his catching cold. He's been under a doctor for treatment Tor deafness. Will you keep an eyo on him for a little while?' The porter nodded good-naturedly, the boy submitting, though, with many sobs. The father once away from the almost deserted station where he had felt safe from recognition went more cautiously. He could not take his child to Emily; he had meant when the third day passed without word from her to seek her again, had thought to let the boy plead for him. Bat when he came to the old spot he could not do it He was now crossing—-he remembered as he, went—the very field Emily had crossed twelve years before in the short race after Dave which wrecked her life and his. Near tha wattle tree where the roads met he haft knelt with his arms round her on the day they fetched him. He had suffered as she suffered; had grieved as she grieved over, their child's loss; yet while her grief was sacred his was now a thing accursed. He went on to the house and lingered in the orchard, then went to the road in front. A girl came oat of the room he had built for Emily and stood on the veranda. A man whom he scarcely recognised as the Dava he had left a stripling joined her. «Is DaT« married ?' ho thoaght with a feeling of rmnfc. ment that Emily (whom he had forsaken) should hare to shore her old home with her brother's wife. A spasm of pain passed through his heart as tie recalled his own courtship and marriage in this place. He could not go to the house and inquire fox Emily; he had never doubted that he should ace her. He turned away. The sight of liar home recalled her nature; he realised its goodness. "«She will write,' he told himself. ' She will not revenge herself upon us. Emily's heart is not tiie sort to gloat over the thought of me in gaol and another woman disgraced. Why did I ever leave here? How did I drift into another life? Once I was almost a good man.' George had turned away from the homestead and was hurrying towards the station, for high on a ladder flxiug the semaphore light he saw the porter to whom he had intrusted his boy. A horrible fear flashed through his mind, what a retribution it would be if in thid place —H3O near to the home of his injured wife, where he had so cruelly grieved her —harm should befall his boy. He was running now— wildly, frantically—through the grass, just where Emily had ran twelve years before. His eyes were blurred, his heaving was confused; through the driving rain which fell as it had fallen then he saw a train approaching. He stumbled on, his fast-beating heart almost choking him. He could picture Emily as she was that long ago day—her flying figure, her loosening hair. Yes, he could see her—he did soe her—like the ghost of the past in front she ran. She turned; their eyes met; it was Emily herself—flying now to save his child. For there, on the rails—in the very centre where the fast approaching train must pass stood George's boy, His back was turned to the train; his eyes were fixed on the semaphore down which the porter, all unconscious of the horror go swiftly shaping itself, was slowly descending. George tried tooall—to utter one cry—for mercy, but his voice failed him. He saw Emily like a whirlwind of mist—a flying cloud—drift through the fence; she never seemed to touch it. She was on the rails—beside his boy I Then the train dashed by and hid them from his eyes. 'Daddy, don't look like that!—l am not hurted.' It was tlie boy's voice; he was stroking his father's hand. They were in the little waiting- room. Two men were carrying lanterns past the door to light the way for others with a heavier burden. • That woman didn't hurt me. She pushed me, out she didn't hurt.' There was a fire burning in the room, as there had been twelve years before. 'Are you her husband?' inquired the doctor, a stranger who had chanced to be in the train. The wretched man by the bedside inclined bis head. 4 There is no hope/ said the doctor; * absolutely none. When this unconsciousness passes, as it nay, she will suffer greatly. If you can bear the pain of her passing away without recognising you I can give her something so that it may be peace ful.' He paused. Once again George bowed his head. Dave, on Emily's other side, stretched out his arms towards her, as if beseeching for a last embrace; bat Tess took his hand in both her own and held him so.' Then as the sickly sweet smell of tlio chloro form reached George, as the past twelve years rolled back like a cloud—as she lay there, still his. wife as she had been then—Emily opened her eyes, and they heard her whisper: * George, George—the golden field t I rest at ask.' I.THE END.] 