Spoutitig Topics. Ar the meeting of the 7.&.G. Oom- irnttee held yesterday, « deputation was received from the -registered bookmakers asking that they should be granted free ndmiiuinn An vaaa dvs to.ftll meetings at FlemingtoD. The ooinmittee decided that the only oontession they conld grant would be to Allow all registered book makers free admission to the bird oage. On the 81st August, at the Sale Amateur Racing Club meeting, a jockey named John M'Donald, who was riding Sunbeam in the Maiden Hurdle Race, steered liis mount so erratically that on the conclusion of the race he was called before the stewards to answer & few questions. explanation was that bis saddle had broken, and, this fact having been verified, the stewards derided to uko uu luruuer bduoq in ue uwiiiiw. » few days later, however, the case was re opened at the request of the owner of Sunbeam, and the result of the second inquiry was that M'Donald was ordered to stand down for two years. This dis qualification came before the V.R.C. committee yesterday for endorsement, but they took up tie position that the Sale stewards bad no right to try a man twice for the same offence, and refused to endorse their action. The disqualification by the Maribyr- nong stewards of A. Monsburgh (owner), H. Moore (rider), and the b e Hollow- back for three mouths from the 81st August for suspicious practices was en dorsed yesterday by. the V.R.C. com mittee. The V.R.C. committee have endorsed the action of the stewards of the Sale Amateur Raoing Club in disqualifying for six months for suspicious practices G. Dearie (owner), Richard Johnson (rider), and the br gpony Taff. The disqualifica tion dates from the SlBt August. Wr would recommend all jockeys and trainers who desire to be registered by the V.R.C. to make application at once, as the committee will bold a special meeting at their offices to-morrow (Wed nesday), at 12 o'clock, to consider all ap plications and register desirable ones. Applicants who are living in the imme diate vicinity of Melbourne must make a personal as well as a written application. Printed forms for the written applica tions may be obtained at the V.R.C. office. For to-day's Aspendale Park races Spoilt Play and Baritone have been with drawn from the Hurdle Race, and Tyras has been scratched for all engagements. Wr regret to have to announce tliat the popular V.R.C. committee man, Mr. W. H. Croker, is confined to the honse owing to a severe attack of illness. His many friends hope to see him about again, quite restored, in the course of a few days. His owner has not yet decided whether he will send Labor in Vain over to Sydney or not. Should he send the son of Albury across he will likely leave to morrow. The Admiral will not now undertake the trip, but Bessie M' Cart by is now on the way, and Torrent and The Pioneer left by steamer on Saturday last. Rushlight II. will leave during the week, as she has been working right-handed at Flemington. Yesterday, at Kirk's Bazaar, Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. sold by auction the well-known performer Rapid Fire to Mr. J. O'Loughl&n; for 100 guineas. Me. J. H. Davis, of Caulfield, has leased Lady Selkirk, by Bwiveller from Fratcb, and Warryale, by the same sire. Lady Selkirk won the Gippsland Sires' Produce Stakes last February, beating Grill, Damper, and four others at the Sale Turf Club meeting. Grave doubts are expressed as to Carnage standing the necessary prepara tion to fit him to measure strides with the cracks in the V.R.C. Derby. Still, Mr. Macdonald has not yet given up all hopes of bringing the son of Mersey to the post. Owing to the rule of the A.J.C. preventing jockeys who own horses from riding in races, E. Power, at any rate, will not be present at the coming meeting at R&ndwick.; Our Sydney correspondent writes; — The entries made on Thursday for tho inaugural meeting of the New South Wales Trotting Club total 50, and are therefore quite as numerous as could have been expected. Included in the number are several good performers, and there are rIbo a few unknown quantities, which have not been seen in public here. The meeting is to take place at Kensington to morrow. In addition to the usual programme to be discussed on the Richmond racecourse to-morrow, the match made through The Sportsman between Oeterley andMystery will eventuate. The stakes, which arebeld by the editor of this paper, are 100 sovs a-side, supplemented by 60 sovs given by the proprietors of the course, and the distance one mile, which will be trotted in hoats, the best two out of three. It is expected that the Australian record, viz., 2min 29£eec, will be broken. To-morrow the Oaklands Hunt Club Point to Point Steeplechase will be run off, and gentlemen who intend donning silk on that occasion are reminded that they will be weighed ont at 1 o'clock at the Inver ness Hotel, on theBnlla-road. The conrse, which haB been marked out by Messrs. W. Glasscock and R. G. Stevenson, who have charge of all the arrangements, will be nearly over the 6&me; ground as that raced over last year, has been lengthened on this occasion, as the winning post will be half a mile farther on, and alongside the . Bnlla-road. Hie distance will now be about four miles and a half, and no less than twenty- two fences will have to be negotiated before the event can be won. It is to be hoped that the weather will be finer to-morrow than it was last year, when Mr. R. H. Frew (who won the previous year on Silvertail) got home first in the run on Black Doctor. The handicaps will be found in another column. For the Cranbonrne Racing Club ; meeting, which takes place on Thursday next, very fair entries were me yester day at Haydon's Racecourse Agency. This afternoon Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. will sell at Messrs. Little and Borthwick'e yards, at 2 o'clock, the whole of the Dargo stud, the property of Mr, M. M'lntoeb. Included amongst the many lots of thoroughbreds to be offered is the now well-known sire, Swiveller, the oelebrated son of Snow- den and Little NelL Intending buyers leaving the Prince's Bridge station by the 7.50 &.m. train will reach Sale about the time the first lot w£U be paraded in the sale ring. The next Sandown Park races will take place on Thnrsday, the 28th inst., the programme for which Mr. Thomas Haydon, the secretary, advertises in another column. There are seven events to be entered for on Monday, the 18th inst., before C p.m., at Haydon's Race course Agency. They are— Trial Handi cap, Hurdle Race, Soring Vale Handioap, Steeplechasers' Welter Handicap Plat Race (two miles), Selling Plate, Selling Steeplechase, and the Sandown Park Handicap. The handicaps framed by Mr. F. P. Dakin will appear on the 25th. On Saturday next the Williamsfcown Racing, Club 'meeting will take placer and lodging from the entries received yesterday by Mr. Sutton, it should prove a successful one. After the CranbohrneTUces on Thnrs day next, a ball in aid of the improvement fund Of the racecourse will be held in the evening in the local Temperance Hall. / Fob the September meeting of the Ballarat Miners' Turf Club to be held on Friday, the 29th, Mr. R. T. Hager pub lishes in another column tho programme. Entries close at Bropby's Hotel, Ballarat, at 8 p.m. on Monday next, for tho following events Trial Stakes, Selling Hurdle Race, September Handicap, Steeplechase Selling Race, and Time Handicap Trot. The handioapB will appear on the 23rd inst. "For the benefit of the Mooroopna Hospital a race meeting has been arranged to be held on the local race course on Wednesday, the 20th inst. Messrs. J. Hiokey and H. M'Keneie are the joint hon. secretaries, and in another column they publish the programme. The principal events are the Hurdle Raae, of X8 ; Mooroopna Hospital Han dicap, of £10 ; and the Charity Handi cap, of £7, entries (or which cIobo on the 13th inst., at the Shamrock Hotel, Mooroopna. The handicaps will appear in The Sportsman on the 19th inst., upon which date, at 6 p.m., entries close for the Trial Stakes. Ok Wednesday last a determination was come to by the A.J.C. Committee concerning admission to the Randwick racecourse, it being resolved " that on all days other than race days no persons except members of the A.J.C. and their friendB accompanying them, the officers and employes of the club, and persons having business with horseB in training, shall be allowed on the course without express permission." This, in plain English, meanB that public touting is to be stopped at Sydney as it h&6 been at Melbourne headqn&rters.; From the pt/prietors of the Austral asian we have received the Turf Register for 1892-93, which was ready for iBsne yesterday. It is invaluable to the regular racegoer, as it gives the details of the racing held in all the colonies during the season. Tbe book is also replete with otHer turf information, including a list of tho past season 'b winning owners and winning sires ; tables of winners of all tbe principal events throughout Australia; records of blood stock sales in each of tbe colonies ; & list of entries of events which have dosed in Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania ; the new rules of racing, and particulars of the shape and length of the leading race courses of Australia, the whole forming a bulky volume. A new feature in this year's issue is tbe index given at the end of the work ; every horse, where possible, whether he has won or no, having hiB pedigree published. A most useful inno vation. Tabulated pedigrees of New- master and Victor Hugo also appear within its covers, as well as tabulated matter giving the winning sires for tbe season, tbe principal winning owners, and other useful information. As in the past, every care has been exercised by tbe compiler, Mr. VV. T.Boston, to secure the most correct and fullest returns, and these will be found reliable in every particular. This is the twenty- eighth year of publica tion of the Torf Register. In another portion of this issue Mr. J. H. Ashe, the secretary of the Mentone Racing Club, publishes the programme for the next meeting, which takes place on Tuesday, the 26th inst. Entries for the following events close at 480 Boorke- street on Monday next, the IStb : — Flying Handicap, five furlongs ; Hurdle Race, one mile and five furlongs ; Welter Handicap, seven furlongs ; Selling Steeplechase, about two miles; Selling Race, five farlongs; and the Montone Handicap, ten furlong6. Capital entries have been received for tbe Stawell and Pleasant Creek Race Club meeting, which takes place on the I9bh inst. On Friday last the deputation of book makers appointed at a recent meeting waited upon Mr. W. S. Cox, at Bowes' Tatters all's Club, for tbe purpose of placing before the proprietor of Moonee Valley the views of the metallici&ns; why a race meeting should not be held on that course on tbe day before the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Alfred Joseph was in the chair, and there were also present— Messrs. A. Webb, J. D. Marks, J. Seigenberg, end J. Martin. After discussing the pros and cons of the subject the members of the deputa tion promised to assist Mr. Cox in every way possible if he would alter the date of that meeting. A Bookmakers' Purse or Plate would also be subscribed for by the members of tho ring for competition on tbe altered date. Mr. Cox said that he would not start the first race on tho 6th of November until half- past two o'clock, but that suggestion did not meet tbe views of the deputation, who urged that gentleman, as it was settling and comparing day, to alter the date. Mr. Cox then promised to give tbe matter bis earnest consideration, and give a decided answer on Tuesday next. Ok Wednesday last, in tbe Bendigo County Court, before his Honor Judge G&uut; and a jury composed of Messrs. T. S. Glazier (foreman), T. Hogan, W. H. Arthur, and C. Kirkby, Robert Philip Crowe proceeded against J. Heffernan, jun., for the recovery of £50. In April last the plaintiff gave defendant the money, with instructions to put it on tbe plaintiff's horse, Denmark, which was entered for a trotting race at Richmond. If that horse was found to be "not fit" on tbe day of tho race £10 of the money was to be put on the defendant's horse, Dick, which was also engaged in the s&me; event. On tbe morning of the race Denmark was scratched, as he had over reached himself. Defendant and theplain- tifPs trainer, T. W. Price, then arranged to put the money on Princess, a mare that belonged to D. Price, which they did through the agenoy of Mr. George Carter, of North Melbourne, at 8 to 1. Dick's Erice shortly before the race was 10 to 1, ut he started at even money. Dick won, and it was now alleged that Princess was not a trier. |Plaintiff claimed a refund of the money, as his instructions had not been carried ont. The defence was that the money was given to the defendant to pnt on according to his discretion, and that in tbe exercise of his discretion he backed Princess, and unfortunately lost. On Thursday the case was resumed and con cluded, the verdict being in favor of the defendant! costs to he taxed. Br winning the St, Leger Isinglass scored his seventh victory, and his fourth this season. In stakes the son of Isonomy had previously won £18,187, and tbe Leger win would bring the totslizp to eomething over £28,000. Mr. M'Cal- mo&t;, owner of Tninglafln, is young and immensely wealthy. Ho purchased last year the Duke of Rutland's Chevelsy Estate, in Cambridgeshire, for upwards of a quarter of a million of money, and ia (writes an exchange) xe-bnilaing the house on the estate in- the Rlisebethan style, at .a oost of something like £200,000. He is havings private racing track And a cricket ground laid ont on the estate. Mr. M'Oalmont intends to stand -for Parliament at the next general election, ' and, as euocees seems at all ta'mfla to follow him, he will probably be retained. Eiridspord, .who is standing at.Bt. Albans, and Pilgrim's Progress, who Is located near Colac, are both by lebnomy. On Thursday last the Bacchus Marsh Baaing Club -meeting eventuated. The weather fine, and the attendance was fairly good, end Mr. W. E. Dafedb's handicapping brought ont capital fields for the principal events. Playboy wee the hero of the day, as he won both the Trial Stakes and. Glenmore Handicap, Gramaohree finishing second on bout occasions. Thought, by St. Albans from Eileen, carried off the Rosehill Handi cap, and Yellow Boy won ; tbe .Hurdle Race, in which event Spoilt Play fell, and her rider, Matthews, had his right shoulder dislocated. Woodbine, a 10 to 1 chance, annexed the Selling Race, and on being auctioned tbe son of Young Talk o' the Hills waB purchased by Mr. &. Quxtable at 40 sovs. As is usual in such events, Mickey, who waB favorite for the Trot, won, after a very interesting , race, by a yard from Mabel. There were no less than fourteen others behind them. What an unlucky eolt Ravensbury is, to be sure, for he has had the bad luck to finish second to Isinglass in the Two Thousand Guineas, Derby, and St. Leger. 'Ravensbury is a half brother to tbe Galliard— Penitent youngster reoently imported by Mrs. James White, of Sydney. At the usual meeting of the Brighton Town Council, held on the 4th inst., a petition, signed by 165 ratepayers, was presented, asking that a poll should be held to decide the question whether the Elsternwick Park should 'be leased as a it was the duty of the council to grant the 'request, and that a poll should be held at the council's expense. He moved to that effect. Councillor Backhouse seconded tbe motion. Councillor Wilson thought the council should first ascertain if it nad the power to lease before holding a poll. He moved &b; an amendment that the subject be referred to the Publie Works Committee. The amendment was lost, and the motion in favor of leasing was carried. The following was tbe division list : — For the poll, the Mayor, Councillors Backhouse, Buttowb, Cheese- man, Davies, Hamilton, Macpherson, Stone, and Walstab ; against, Councillors Bent, Francis, and Wilson. The neces sary arrangement for a poll was left in the hands of the Mayor. Ok Tuesday last Mr. George Mayger, the genial proprietor of the Epsom race course, was unfortunate in having a doubtful morning for his meeting, which kept many away. During the afternoon a few showers fell, but they were not heavy enough to interfere with the racing. Tbe Daupmne, by carrying off the Epsom Handicap, showed that her Mentone victory was no fluke. But how many triers were there behind her? Odds were laid on Orphans for the Selling Hurdle Race, which St&mboul; won cleverly. Tbe winner, on being auctioned by Mr. Archie Yuille, was bought in at £75. To tho delight of the majority of the ringmen — one of whom, however, laid 100 to 8 — Bluestone led all the way in tbe Welter Handicap, and got home a length and a half in front of Foxtail, with Bob Batty's Patrician third. Epping, with Mr. Godfrey Watson in the saddle, was voted the good thing in the Hunters' Steeplechase, but he fell at the second last fence from home when going well. AJtona, who, along with Mnsket, made all tbe running, won by a dozen lengths from Musket, who defeated Black Doctor for the 10 eovs (second money) by four lengths. Outlaw started at evenB for the Selling Race, which Tyras won easily from Eminence and Allurement, with Outlaw last. c The winner was bought in for £95. News'tead's sister, Britomarte, scored an easy win in the Ivonhoe Handicap, for which event Brown Bobs was favorite, but she failed to get a place. Donfieh was tbe cboBen one for the Mordialloc Handicap by punters ; but Miraculeux was for once in a way in tbe humor for racing, and he never gave his opponents the ghost of a chance, and was landed an easy victor by three lengths from Don fieh, who was a similar distance in front of Enticement. The first and second are engaged in the V.R.G. Derby, as also is Day Dream,-- who finished fourth. Aquarius was lefc at the pOBt in the last event, and took no part in the race. At tbe Minyip Amateur races, held on Wednesday last, a jockey named Shan non, the rider of Young Veto, was dis qualified for six months for having run Vanish off the course. Last week Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. disposed of the following horses privately : — The stallion Calma, by Yat- tendon— 'London Pride, to Mr. C. Qebden, of Bourke, New South Wales ; the mare Parable, by GoldBbrongh from Paradigm, to go to New South Wales ; and the burdleracer Oats, by Newminster— Spinningdale, to go to India. At the Ballarat County Court on Tuesday last a dispute occupied the attention . of Judge Worthington, when Henry O'Keefe proceeded against William Muter and others, 'ae stewards of the Morrisons and Elaine Racing Club, to recover the sum of £11, prize-money in tbe Handicap run at the last meeting of the club on 24th May, and which it waa alleged was won by the plaintiff® mare. Fright. Mr. S. F. Mann represented tbe plaintiff, and Mr. H. 8. Barrett the defendants. The defence was i— That judgment had already been recovered against one of the stewards in the Supreme Court; (2) that a protest was entered and had not yet been determined by tbe stewards; (8) that plaintiff's horse was not qualified to compete, as his owner did Hot live within the radius allowed by the conditions of the race. In answer to his Honor, Mr. Mann replied that tbe judgment in the Supreme Court was disputed. His Honor remarked that he could not go behind the judgment of tbe Supreme Court. Mr. Barrett remarked that there must be some misunderstand ing, and offered to withdraw that plea to allow the cue to be tried by tbe County Court. The evidence of Henry Powell and the plaintiff waa then heard. Tlie defendant swore, in evidence, that tiie protest against Fright had been! indefinitely' postponed to allow plaintiff to produce maps to show that he (O'Keefe) , resided within a radius of seven miles of the course. That had not yeb been done. A verdict was given for the defendant, with costs. Mr. Mann applied for a nonsuit, but his Honor stated that be had already delivered his judgment, and, therefore, it conld not be altered. At the South Australian Jockey Olub. meeting on Saturday, C. Quinn, past owner and rider of Contact in tbe Nursery Handicap, was suspended for six months for disobedience at thfe post. Fagg, who also rode in the earns event, will stand down for four months for a similar offence. ThB winner of the Piympton Handicap, The Author, paid the nice little dividend of £71 18s. in tbe totalisator. The well-known imported trotting frtnTB Lnfuratifj by Mambrino Bav from Grey Ftainy, has been sold, through tfeasrs. W. O. Yuille and Go., to Mr. ohn Robertson, of Melbourne. Hatd with Ostariey, Lucretia should throw ebmetbiog worthy of their high lineage., The mare has a yearling foal by Honesty, and she is expected to foal shortly to the Melbourne Cup winner, Mentor. 