ACADIEMY OF MVUSIC. MRB WALCTERI BENTLEY. SThe successful delineation of "Hamlet" baa always been regarded as the coping stone of an actor's career. The controversy that has been going on for many years con cerning the tragedy, and the interest which Shakrespearian studenta have takren in the various points that have been raised, have naturally had the effect of giving the play a special attraction. Through out the whole empire of time "Hamlet" will be to the schoolboy an individual surroundingo whom is a halo of romance; to the scholar the utterances of the Prince of Denmark will aver afford food for reflection, which he may enjoy without "The frIness a! satiety." In the tragedies of Shakespeare there are so many exquisite touches of the masefr hand that a lustre is shad on the principal characters, which wuill remain as long as time is, and "Hamlet"is singled out from amongst them and placed distinctly separate. The sup posed madness, the gentleness, the sorrow, and the saturnine reasoning of the unhappy Dane have a peculiar fascination for the scholar, while to the ordinary attendant at theatres the character is one of deep and powerful interest. In giving a representation of "Hamlet," one of the chief difficulties- given all natural gift and education--is a just conception. Hamlet raving and stamping, clothed in deep black, with studied attitudes, sepulchral voice, was a familiar, pict~ure to old playgoers, and it required strong courage to depart from the beaten track- and give more naturalness to the character--to bring it to the common level of humanity. Against a strong clamour was this done, hut the effort was tucceesful, in that it intensified the love which the public had for the play itself and the sympathy which they felt for the chief character. And of the many pictures of Hamlet which have been presented to thie world it may be said that M~r Walter B~entley has suc ceeded in producing one which will live in men s memory. He regards Hamlet sea mau of intellectual capacity and ed~ucation, strong sasoaing power, and withal pos sessing a hearty hatred of all that is evil in human nature. With these attributes he is plunged into deep melancolyn~9 tby his father's unhappy fate,an th effect of his knowledge is his be haviour and actions and wordr. An original portrayal of such a character is an event which may be looked upon as epochal. The shattering of a gifted man's hopes, and the destruction uf all that makes life dear to a human being, that is the mainspring· of the actor's conception of the character, upon which his ideas must move. Mr Bentley has succee~ded in plac ing before the world a thoroughly capable production of Hamlet, and his performance at the Academy of M~usic last evening will long be remembered by those who were present. The house was full in all parts, and the audience were deeply impressed by tha performance. The ghost scene was solemn and asve-inspiring. [Ihe drama which was related produced an effect at once natural and fearful,the tremendous le dignation. tha pity, fliarl love, respect, and burning desire for revenge be lug porti~ayad with an inten sity which stamped the actor as a man of extraordinary genius. In subsequent scenes those with Ophelia were remarkrable in th~at.· Mbr Bentley gave more than usual pro minence to Hamlet's deep lore for the daughter of Polonius, and the immense struggle which he had to master it. Then,. to.; the closet scene was a masterful' performance, which absolutely chained the attention of the audience, compelling them to a ilence which was f it. But there wras adistinct originality throughout Mr Bentley's performance. Subdued on oclca sions, deeply and intensely earnest, with a grasp of all the varied situations in the cha racter, he gave such an intellectual,tlsought ful, and clever rendition of those selections which have been culled as ' recitations " that it came as an enlightenu~ent. The closing scene was highly dramatic, in fact; painfnolly so, and the whole performance. may be regarded as educational from all points of view. Of the other members of the company Mr E. B. Russell was care ful and thoroughly capable in the part of Claudius, K~ing of Denmark, the character istics of the fratricide being wecll-defined. Fablonous, in the hands of the veteran. Mr Larchian M1'Gowan, was, of course, an acceptarble performance. Those who have· seen Mr M'(jowan in this character are well awaxe of his merit, and it may be· said that he made a strong impression, his advice to Laertes being a well-enun ciated piece of quiet elocution. Mr H. Ht. REoberts is an old favourite here, not as a' Shakespearian actor, but a light comedian, but he was always regarded as a promis ing actor, and when his old friends saw· his name attached to the character of Laertee they were pleased. He fulfilled anticipations, and was especially good. in the grave-ya~d scene and in the climax of the tragedy. Mr Harry Hill was an excellent Horatio, quiet. and without soy undue. desire for pro-. minence. Mr M. Majeroni, as the Ghost,. delivered the lines as well as most of thosee whom we have seen in the character of the murdered kring, and gave entire satiefac tion. Mr H. Stonehasl was placed for the player, and in his chief elocutionary effort· he scored a distinct success. The same may be said of Mr J. Stark, who enacted the character of the first grave digger, the well-known witty replies to Hamlet's queries being given with much humorous ness. Messrs 0. Wak~efield and A. M. Seaton did well as Rosencranirzand Guoilden stern respectively, and Mr G~eo. Ford de livered his lines as the priest with doe sternness. Speaking of the ladies Miss Kiate Bishop may be coagratulated upon her enactment; of the character of the Queen. She was particularly effective in the closet scene, the remorse of the conscience-stricken woman after Hamlet's denunciation being; exhibited very finely. Miss Virginia Vivienue made a hit. as Ophelia. She played with a sweet naturalness in her scenes with Hamlet, and. in the iced scene she was intensely pathetic. As the Court butterfly Miss Ins L~aurence was interesting, and Mrs Buckley delivered' her lines in the character of the actress in such a manner nasto show that she is capable of fulfilling more diff~cult duties. The other characters were in good hands. To- night Mr B3entley appears in a donbie bill, the play "David Garrick" and the farce "Oramoud Brig" being the pro gramme.__________ 