MALIGNANCY OF INANIMATE OBJECTS. (From- thc'DuilytNews.) A rising foreign philosopher has, we are told, been) developing a curious theory as to the malignancy of inanimate objects. The author of the theory sa)p oa)s very Wisely in the first instance to the common experience of all human beings, and then, having secured that substantial basis of acknowledged feet, proceeds to work out his general theory. Many another doctrine that for instance of the ghost revisiting the glimpses of the moon-is argued after a different fashion, and soon after a different principle It would be of the use nowadays to begin with an appeal to our common experience of ghostly apparitions. We are like the Spanish soldier who declared that in one of the great battles of Spain Saint James' himself had charged under the Spanish Ung, but added ' modestly, " unworthy that I was, although in the battle, It was not favoured with a sigh of the blessed saint." But the philosopher who theories about the malignancy of inanimate' objects eau news at once upon a common and indeed universal experience. Let us have the facts to begin with, and then we can get at the theory, perhaps. At all events we can not on the way to it. Who does not often write under and storm at the malignancy of üríiuitnáto objects V That footstool that was undoubtedly put carefully into a corner-how does it come to her in the middle of the room 'I The fire which was blazing up a moment ago-why is it dead out already? The water-hole from which one likes a jug seems never to flow freely while he stands over it but let him divert his attention for one moment to any other object, and after him the college. The latch-key but none, perhaps, we had better not lay too much stress on the trouble with the latch-key, inasmuch as unphilosophical levity might suggest unwelcome explana- tions, The pebble that comes in the way of the horse's horse and upsets the hole is a striking illustration on a grand scale of this alleged inveterate malignancy of inanimate objects. On a smaller scale of illustration, why should the razor' which shaves so keenly one day utterly decline to share at all the next day, and thou, being neglected and thrown aside for a week, establish a new and maligtily-moant claim when tried again in despair, and become sharp as the woman kinds razor which cut the whetstone through 'I Why fill the watch stop at the very time when we most want it to keep going on? -'We might go on through a whole catalogue of such ex- periences the daily experiences of most of us. There is no question there can be none as to the experience. Lot any of us take notice on any day of the number of times on which he has been obstructed, harassed, annoyed, made to lose his temper some- times almost made to lose his wife by inanimate objects, and he will then be wrought into a mood of mind to appreciate better the force of the nowrphilosophicthoory. We confess that, although the ima the theory, interesting, we do not see that it is likely to enrich the world with any new and practical rules for the guidance of overf- day or any day his. Because if these inanimate things are really malignant they will be malignant still, after philosophy shall have recognised the fact of their malignity. But, if we were to refuse to consider a theory merely because we did not see what practical good considering it would do, we should be cutting ourselves ofLlrom some of the finest theories with which philosophy has from time to time refreshed the world. As, therefore, after centuries of evolution the ? vdxtiJigW and impatience of mankind under thorolrucjory conduct of inanimate objects have noisiest crystallised themselves into a theory wronged bound recommend it to public consideration, even although we do not feel in any way assured that the common round and the daily task will be made much the easier by its rnçpgliitiou. Nothing can be in its way more irritating than the lucifer match. Who can tell when it will light, when it will refuse to light, when it will break in the middle, when it will snap off just at the top after lighting, and leave its fiery head off one's hoped ? But all this will go on no'dèùbyovon'aïtertno world has accepted the 'philosophic theory that the lucifer match is a malign and a capricious thing like some ill-conditioned ' gnome or sprite or imp. We cannot educate or convert or punish a lucifer match any more than we can an ill-conditioned gnome or sprite or imp. But we are for receiving and discussing the theory all the same. It might perhaps relieve the feelings of a human being now and then to know that when his watering for no apparent reason broke away from its handle, or when his coffee at a railway station would not cool in time to let him swallow it before the starting of his train, or when his coffee-at home cooled so instantaneously, as to make him unwilling 'to swallow it at all it might perhaps re- leave his feelings to know that he was struggling against a malicious enemy, and not suffering from a commonplace accident. A great devotee of Schopenhauer,' develop- ing not long since a principle of that philosopher, discussed the possibility of bringing an odious and hopeless world to a close by an act of universal suicide. But he admitted certain doubts as to the feasibility of accomplishing such a purpose. The whole human race might, he thought, be brought into that league of universal self obliteration. Even the lower animals might be persuaded or coerced into the same arrangement. But his hesitation was as to what are called- unphilosophically no doubt -the inanimate things. His conviction was that the world began, with the inanimate things, as we call them. ThoyBtarted'thb whole business and then came-, thy lower animals, and then came man! Npvy sup" pose mass were universally willing to" extend I gnish himself-what guaranteed could he possibly have from those inanimate things that the moment he had disappeared they would not start the whole machinery of i existence all over again ? You cannot have I a compact with the sands of the desert or the salt of the sea or the stones a quarry. You cannot have a treaty with blindness' of the highway or an alliance with the! coals in a mine. Even if you could have suchan arrangement, who could answer for its being carried out ? Who could trust those things to keep their plighted words The moment our backs were turned they- would be sure to set the whole mechanism going again, just, for the porpoise fun of the business. Now it BOOUIS to us that there is a great deal of practical good sense in that idea. . It 'works is very well also with the theory, of >tho,lato'r a philosopher about the mahViiaiio^ of inland ' mato things. The moment those inanimate objects found that there Was anything man- kind particularly wail told them to do, then they would instantly, and, out of sheer malice, make up their minds not to do it. "We can judge of that from that common aiid.'trykig.'daily experience to which we have already referred. The disciple of Sohsponhauor had not perhaps when he developed his doubts ever heard of what we may call the inanimate malignaney\thoory. But if he had heard, of it, and admitted that there was something in it, he would assuredly have found himself isfcrengjtlipnétl in his wholesome scepticism. He might still find sermons in stones, but he would feel sure that it would be futile to trust to the promise of a stone that it would cease growing just to oblige him. !.. at His - The Baptist Missionary Society, has lately been celebrating the t»oi]fp»i¿ry of its foundation by Carey, Fuller, and others (says the London Echo) by raising a great itjnA which already amounts to £lOa,Ö00, yield promises to the lemon of £10,000 you to be fulfilled. A great deal of this success in due to the indefatigable efforts of the onqrRctio seejje'Cäry, Mr. A. H. Baynes.' This, looks very, i-gBy,*piit there is another side to the shield. A years ago the Baptist Missionary Society was £lfj!,0Q0. in debt, and during those thoiiicróbtijdrifSBhas increased by £14. to move,; consequently, £8,Q,0Q0of the SigS 000 GO one? disappeared in wiping out the whole weight. This however, is not Bill. At the' present time the society is spreading at the row of £15,000 a year more than its ordinary illume, find unless that income card is ii'wmanerttjy Hard to £75,000 a year, now' deficits will speedily appear. Unhappily the BuRial Tody wore more hardly hit than «úylstlicr section of the community by the IJbçl'a'toj: frauds, so that there is but little trespass of immediately reaching the, amount desired. It should be noted that the Baptists life also to, 'spoons Missionary Society, ¡^iploytttf; female rate scenarios amorM-tho portion of Ihchfr and Child at a cost of bowsprit £8(JüO type 4'.jl}i}Q a year. This order has-been called by air. SMith To governors of pilions:-^)*N.6 rt gúAar shall be put in irons, o'r;un<lcr mQqfyawçai^rjiJpJraint, as a punishment. Isis, or owéfjowtósof !nicchatiicaliroH(tain^slMl by 4QG every where necessary for the *p\Sjjbso of idsjfoïnirig a prisoner." 