THE FREEMAN'S PHONOGRAPH. _ ? * ? By Thb Flaneur. HADEM AND AZ1M j OR, THE NEW INNOCENTS ABROAD, Afc&AkENTi;/t society is ' getting no better very faBt.' Certainly last week's crime record shows no falling off in that particular lino of business. The ball opened with the arrest of a lady *vho professed to ' read the etara,' but in reality didn't know enOaerh td enable her to distinguish betwepn a verdant ' bushie'5 and a clever 'bobbie.' Then a ernart yo!ing man called at Mrs. Flaherty's Hotel in Woollooinooloo, about tea time, and kept the barmaid ' on a string' while two pals coolly walked upstairs to the land lady's bedroom, tied a 23\vb. safe containing .£120 in cash and jewellery in a quilt, carried it down stairs, placed it in a cab, and drove it over to Ultimo, where it was forced open and relieved oC its contents. Inside the safe door was a printed certificate bearing the in3cripfcions ' Warranted fice and burglar proof.' This was crossed out, and above it was written, in a fine bold hand, 'You liar ; we will open any safe.' Some weeks ago I explained how the burglars beat the scierr fcific safe-makera in a long trial of skill, and I fear that no sifo can be safely guaranteed burglar proof when a thorough ' tradesman' undertakes to play the 'Open Sesame' performance. In Melbourne, ou Monday, a simple shepherd named Brook — he was a babbling Brook, of course —informed a respectable-looting stranger that he had .£11.5 in the bank and was in search of work. Strange to say, Brook was just the style of mm that the respectable-looking stranger was looking for. The latter had a station oa the ' Mooki Mooki,' and at once engaged Brook at ' 25a a week and everything found.' Next day the guileless ' juuabuek' guardian found that his .£115 was lost, for the respectable man had gone off to put ib in a place of safety for him, and up to data he has not returned- The money is safe enough, no doubt, although the rightful owner can't get at it, but in exchange for its loss he has gained a heap of useful, though somewhat costly experience. The flat- catchers here were in great luck last week too, for a Swede nanW Neil Andersen arrived from Brisbane oa Monday with ^400 in gold— but where are those 400 sweet ' canaries ' now? Where is last winter's snow? Where is Treasurer See's surplus ? Where is the ,£100,000 which the Orangemen raised to-lay the Kiama Ghost? Where is anything ? Nowhere! And that is where the Eoffc Swede's £400 is to-day— so far as he is concerned at least. To carry 400 sovereigns about him was stupid enough, but Anderson went a point more foolish still when he informed a respeefcabie-looking fel low pas3snger all about his treasure. On arrival hece the respectable-looking man introduced the Swede fe- a couple of very respectable-looking Mends, and they all adjourned to a respectable looking pub. in WoDllootnooloo to drink success to Sweden. Then a very strange thing happened. The most respectable-looking man of the lot had a magic matchbox, presented to him by a greaj. Maori On ief, Te Rsmpahara Mokillako, oi 'The Man Afraid of Soap,' and no one but the owner could open it except he broke it open with an axe. This assertion was laughed to scorn by the second moat respectable-looking gentleman present, and as historians say, 'the whole world knows- what followed.' Poir Anderson 'thought he could, but found he couldn't ' — the sharpers got hold of the 400 sovereign?, and, as ' men of thrift,' are now probably enjoying the proceeds of theplun. der. In a former paper I fully explained the rniodus ox-crandi of the match-box trick, and any one who allows hioaeelf to be taken in by such a palpable swindle deserves to pay dearly for his gullibility. Many other offences of a similar nature go to fill the past week's programme, and now, just a3 the Carcoar Bank tragedy case has been con. eluded, we read of an attempt to enter the A.J.S. Bank at Guyra and a most lamentable c&sa; of shooting that followed. Miss Wrighfcson, sister in-law of the manager, Mr. Earl, hearing a noise, raised an alarm aud went out in the dark to investigate. Mr. Earl, seizing a revolver, went searching round in tho dark also, and seeing a figure moving about, lired and shot the unfor tunate woman in the breast. Had he fired st a burglar he would have probably missed him, but when the wrong pot son is aimed at, or tho 'didn't know -it-wae-loaded' gun goes off, a tragedy is sure to follow. Now tho Sheik has something to say on swindling in general. To the Sheik Musfcapha, Bagdad. The Prophet keep thee, and may you ever be able to keep your own — a somewhat difficult matter over here at present, for crime appears to be having what is called a ' boom.' Naturally out club talk turned on recent events, and our Host observed—-' I Bee another burglar-proof safe has proved to be » fraud, so if any o? you gentlemen have much cash you'd better swallow it, or put it in some place of Safety;' 'I could easily swallow all mine,' re turned the Briefbss Barrister. ' Blessed Rid the poor, for no burglar disturbs their rest.' 'Talking of places of safety,' said the Eminent Lyre, ' I remember being in Halifax when a noted gang of burglars came to grief. They had a curious hidiag-place for their plunder, for they used to sto're co3fciy jewellery and the like in the space between the ceiling and the roof o(! tho local lock-up, access to which they got by remov ing a couple of plates from the roof. And while the police were prowling all over the district in search of a iOLOOO diamond necklace the concern was aafely stacked over the iockurj-ltcepec'o bed room.' ' That wasn't half a bid idea either,' ssid the Eeliabie Journalist, ' and it reminds me of the Eforth Queensland banker who, having cleared out the strongroom, elippod down to a border town in this colony sue! actually tdoii itidgiagd with (jhe lockup-keeper. He was well disguised, o° course, and must have chuckled to himself at times when his host innocently told him o£ the many c cluea ' which the police were following up in pursuit of the man who broke the bank so smartly. So long as fche banker kept to his lodgings in the lockup he was safe, but one day he went to a neighbour ing town where lie had no business whatever. While there he was recognized by a cattle-deoves who had ftequentlv done business with him, and of course the game was up at once. His promo tion £eom lock-up to gaol soon followed.' tfThat reminds me of another Queensland atory,' said the Professional Politician. ' I was staying at Jenandhra Station when a fellow who professed to he a photographer persuaded the bC38 to group ' all hands and the cook i in front of the house and have a gorgeous photo taken. He was a deuce of a time fooling about with his camera, getting U3 focussed, and fiddling round in general, and finally said he was afraid the thing wouldn't 'develop,' and he would have to try again to morrow. It did c develop,' however, foe while we were all posing in front of the house like a lot of born fools, two o£ the photo fraud's mates wen*1 through the whole premises from the back, and cleared everything valuable and handy into a spring cart and jogged away ag coolly as i£ they were off to a Sunday-school picnic. Some day a genuine photographer will call at that station on business, and shortly after a man will be found dead in the bush with about 47 ballets in his brain,' ' I believe we have an Agent-General in Lon* don,' said the Sporting Swell, 'but I can't say that he is of much use to the colony, for the be nighted Britishers seem to know lees about the real state o£ affairs out here than ever. Just fancy, for instancef they actually believe that pedestrianism still flourishes here, and our cinder tracks are paying better than a Mount Morgan miuo.' ' Oj, that's a trifle too rough,' interrup ted our Host. ' Every one knows that pedestrian isra is as dead as Azael, and he must have been one of the first sprinters tho world ever saw, for the Bible says he was ' a most swift runner, like ona of the roes that abide in the woods.' ' ' It's true enough,' returned the Sporting Swell, ' for in the very latest London paper to hand I read the Australian bookies do a tremen dous business over foot-racing, and on one occa sion, not in the remote past, a particular bookie, having taken on a supposed mug, equaled fche sprinter— for whom the race was a cei.'tairlty-=- laid him for a small fortune, and then confideatly awaited the result; ' The pad won all his praUmmat'y beets, but the aaxiou3 bookie wag confronted with the aesuE'anoe that it would be all right in the final. However, to his horror, the man won by several yards. ' ' What the blank blank did you mean by win ning1 ?' asked the 9nraged layer. ' ' Can't tell at all,' said fche sprinter, with a grin v ' can't; understand it. X iJtinlj I must ho.-vo lolled,' ' 11 The yarn is true enough,' said Our Host, f( but fche afiair happened when I was a boy in ' pinnies.5 Let us wash it down and then to bed.' And so Ye ' washed' and retired. SHEIK ALl BEN HABEM\ 