CHILDREN'S COLUMN. A WOLF DANCE. How many limiter» have seen a wolf dance and how many who have had that experiene ever want to witness thc performance again Strange as it may seem, most hunters »hi llave seen ano seldom speak of it, and do no include it in their camp-fire yarns. At time they may tell it to a select few, hut then the; speak in a sun of whisper that has a sound o horror alwut it. A wolf dance is a dance in every sense o the world, and seems to he done by thc ani mais for some purpose similar to that whicl impels thc uncivilised races af, human bciugi lo indulge in complicated gyrations for rc ligioiis ceremonies. All men who have escaped alive say that ii happened in some high altitude. The wolvci in Middle Park, Colorado, are in the habit o dancing, <iud also those on tho high plateau! of California. There are only u few caaei known, but all arc much thc same and then no doubt about the veracity of the men, and ill the case to bc mentioned the rescuers alsc are to be believed, ulthough they did not set thc dunce. Karly last January Thomas Page was livinr. with three other miners in a cabin near theil minc, not far from Mount Whitney, in tin Mineral King Country. For several days thc men had hcen unable to work on account o] had weather and snow. They put in theil days in a very monotonous way and time hun; heavy on their hands. When the weathct began to break Page signified his intention ol going out and getting u little fresh meat, HE thc snow was f rosen hard and it would bc easy to follow game. It was late in the day and the others told him he had bettor wait until morning, but he paid no attention to them, and taking his ritte and knife startej forth. He went up the road but a short distance before he saw a mountain sheep, to which he gave chase, und in n mile or so had come near enough for a shot. His aim was good, and noon tba sheep was shouldered and Page started home, thinking how glad the boys would be to get the meat. While he had been going up the mountain for the sheep he was conscious of a peculiar pattering sound behind him that he could not locate, and yet it seemed to he on all sides. Several times he stopped and looked back, but could sec nothing except thc snow-covered mountains, with the dark pine trees on thc sides thrown into violent contrast against thc dazzling whiteness. He could see nothing of an unimal nature, and concluded the sound must have been twigs cracked by thc frost and falling on to thc soft, feathery surface. While occupied with killing the sheep and getting it on his shoulders, he had forgotten thc sound, but as soon os he .was started he heard it again. This time it was all around him and seemed to bc quite near. He was not alarmed, but he wished he was back in his cabin with thc sheep, skinned and cut into juicy chops, broiling over the fire in the big chimney. Hu quickened his Bteps, but it was a long way back where'be had to carry thc hcuvy sheep. Still he struggled on and thc sounds kept getting nearer and nearer, and darkness was coming on. Thc snow took on a soft blue tone and the sky had a crimson glow at the horizon that blended into a cold steely glitter at thc zenith, where a few atara were feebly struggling into brilliancy. Tho soft crimsonlight quickly faded end soon there were only a few orange-coloured beaitiB glowing behindthe darkened pines. Page had got to within half a mile of his homo when he was alarmed by seeing an enormous grey wolf u few hundred feet ahead of bini. He set down thc sheep and raised his rino for u shot, but thc beast had vanished, although the soft pattering could be beard on all sides, and thc man realised that he was surrounded by wolves which were undoubtedly driven to desperation by hunger. There was nothing to do but make thc best tight he could und run for the cabin without the sheep. He had no sooner made up his mind how to act than he heard the pack drawing closer and closer to him, and could see dark forms moving stealthily through thc trees. Nearer and nearer they came, and Page commenced shoot- ing with good effect. Ile could hear thc snarls of rage and pain whenever a wolf was struck. The road was blocked iii front by a writhing mass of wolves, and on all sidos they could bc heard snarling, but they did not seem to waut to come near for some reason. It was now dark, and thc full moon just rising over thc lop of thc mountains, but not high enough to give any light. Page realised tho danger of his position and really saw no way out of it. He could not kill all thc animals, nor could he get past them on any side. There were no trees he could climb, and even if he did it was only a question of u few hours before he would freeze to death, as thc weather was growing bitterly cold. Seeing no chance of escape, he com- menced shooting as fast as he could, deter- mined to kill as many os possible, and also with the hope that his friends in thc cabin would hear him. The wolves were within u few feet of him and were silently drawing closer. Page kept on shooting, and without noticing it moved off thc road and into the pine forest. Before he was aware he was ina place that was strange to him in (he light given by the rising moon. It was a sort of level, open place in thc forest, and was several acres in extent. Noue of thc animals had as yet ventured to attack him, but they kept getting nearer every moment, whilo he killed them as fast as he could throw tho lever of his rifle. He killed dozens, but at last bad to stop for waut of ammunition. His belt was empty aud his rifle useless, so he threw it away and drew out his knife. For Bcvcral minutes he Blond in the middle of the howling pack ready to plunge his knife iuto the first that sprang at him. Each minute eeemod a year, but Page had been in as tough places before and did not waste any time thinking about his past life. He simply waited for thc time lo come for him to kill as many of Iiis enemies as possible before bc died. He fully believed that his time to leave the world had come, but he determined to live as long as possible and die like a bunter. He tinned around slowly, heaping his eye on thc foremost of thc pack, ready to make his last fight. But his calculations were wasted, for thc whole pack seemed to spring on him at once, aud bc was borne to the earth with a dozen wolves on top of him. He was nearly senseless, but managed ' to strike a couple of times before his knife was knocked from his hand. Page then commenced to punch with his fists, but wondered why he was not devoured by thc ravenous-looking beasts. Tiley were on all sides of him, snapping and growling, but none nf them had bitten him. He dealt several of them many hard blows und a few rolled over as if their days were ended. Suddenly ho WUB seized again and tliiB time drageed several feet over thc snow. When the desired spot was reached he was left a few moments, and several others came up to tear his clothes from him. In a short time he wus nearly as nature made him and thc snow that was rubbed on him during the operation began to mu from his body in cold streams that kept him shivering. At this part of the performance the pack stood still and uttered a most unearthly how). Then all made a sudden turu and became silent and began to revolve around the man who was kneeling in the snow and yelling at thc top of his voice. There were hundreds of them, und they moved without a souud. They passed over the snow like ghosts, and in the pale moonlight their snapping jaws and glittering eyes looked like some tint of the inferno. Hound and round they wont several times at an ordinary paco ; then they went faster and faster, until they could scarcely Ire seen. For several minutes this was kept up, and thc victim in thc centre was nearly dizzy an well as almost frozen. Then connnoncod a scries of jumps anil walking on hind legs, still keep- ing the rotary motion. Then eanio a com- bination of figures, when one crowd walked around in a circle inside the puck and thc others commenced to jump over one another, until they looked like a choppy sea on a dark night. How long the march waa kept up Page docs not know, but it was broken by another howl in concert, and those on the inside of the pack again came toward him and tilts time growled fiercely and snapped their teeth. First thc old leader came up and gently inserted bis teeth into Page's shoulder -not enough lo break any bones, but so that the blood flowed freely. Then the others came up and did thc same thing, and soon his body was a bleeding mass from a hundred wounds. Still they came and bit him, until it seemed as if he must bleed to death. The pain was frightful, and his blows on thc beasts had become sc weak that they no longer felt them. Kow thc wolves kept up a constant howl and danced indiscriminately and wildly like dervishes. The scene was like pande- monium, and thc IIOWIB and snarling of thc creatures were deafening. Mill they bit and snapped at the unfortunate limn and then came back to thc dancing. I Round and round they went, snarling and snapping and jumping over one another in a sort of wild frenzy. Faster and faster they went until it, seemed as if they must bc ex- hausted, but they seemed tireless und gradually gained speed until they fairly flew over thc ground and were running over Page as if he never existed. He still realised his position, although Bullering agony and seeing nothing before him but death. Suddenly he heard llie reports of several rifles and revolvers and became un- conscious. When Page came to himself he was in thc cabin aud his friends around him. He was all wrapped up in bandages so that he could scarcely move. He was one bundle of aches and paine, but was glad he was not in thc middle of a pack of wolves. Wheu he got well enough after several duys bis friends told him how they had rescued him. They had been alarmed us Boon os it grew dark and he did not come home. One of tile man went to thc door several times to listen in thc hopes of hearing his footsteps. Thc last time he heard the IIOWIB of the wolves and called thc others. All took as many weapons as possible und went toward thc sound, feeling sure Page was being devoured. They saw tho pack and charged into them, firing their weapons as they went. Thc cowardly creatures vanished in a moment and their victim lay in plain sight on the snow. They carried him homo with very little hope that he would ever speak again. But he came to all right and is now almost well. He will soou be able to go hunting again, but if he can help it will never attend another wolf dence. 