A TALK WITH A PORTRAIT PAINTER. " I suppos,"I remarked, " that portrait paintllg helps a man to become a good reader of character 7" " Certainly," said Sir Georgo Roid. "I am becoming quite an expert il judging of a face. Still, I would say this: that phrenology is far from being an exact scienco; and I have noted it as a very remarkable and a very delightful fact that almost invarinbly I have a far higher opinion of my sitter whoil the portrait is linoshed and I hove learned to know him thln I had formed on first sight of him. Take lay word for it, there ih a wonderful lot of good in human I ature." "And whatll do you think of imrtraih painting nuwadays, Sir Georgot" "It is dccidedly pro:mingi, and you see much that is really good. But, oh duear I" lie continued, as ie rowe from hIs chair and began to walk np and down the - room, " who can excel tllab wonderful Voloequscz No man: of today can come up to him. I would rather go to him than to anlyone lseo. But you'll never understland him ill you go -to -.ludril, and sou hilm- thoro. hixty of his Incl. pamlnitings. Ther you havo him hi his'early, Iis middlo, and llis late perld. Thoearly is tight and hard, violent i light and aoando. In his middle mleriod hvoe begin to feel a now sort of dea : thero is more Nature In him, hut ie is still hard, there Is no looseness. liut gradually towards tIlhe end how hi softens Sld aones down, saild yet what inteneO reality thero is I Can't byoufeel how altatl his peoplo ore i "cried tlihe now fairly excited natiet, as he pointed to lthe wll upon whtich hung some splendid photo. graphlc roproductions of Velnequez's finost And then, branching off for a moment, Sir George turned to me, and said I " Why do Whistler's portraits attract so much 1 Because,"ho continued, replying to his own question, " they aroglhosat, they are shadlows. It is as if you went Ilto a crowded drawing.room and saw a ghost hlltting hero and thoro amongst the actuali tlo. of warm flesh and blood. That, Is why Whietler's portraits aro so remarkable thliy are not poople, but ghosts. " And now to Eoino bunk to our friend Volnaqueo. Notice the wonderful landscape In thlta ' Peter anll Paul' of hin i look up thaL valley, away up the distant moun-. talsm nmd the eareror s idges runningr down towards the strcn:l tlla though It Is In the foreground, hi has dared to ilainb so very tlhinly, slightly. "But you seeo i that plotturoll ntheI quality of ilhiallylhntyol sie In Turner's work. '--Cassl' pandily atyahirfe. 