Th« Storyteller. ITHE LUCk OF I/3R RAINE. I (Br tiik Author 'of'' '-Hia llon'uk'a Waiid,1' ? ' Katmke,' Ac.) {Continued from U'edue/dny't ittne.) CHAPTER VI, — (Continued.; ' Why, Ina dearest, you look like a ghost 1' said a flay voice, as nhe slowly ascended the wide staircase that, lod to the sleeping apart ments, 'Are j'ou 111 ? (Shall I come with you, darling? 1 don't caru about Millie, Blanche, if she is angry.' And Lady ltose passed her arm round Ina's waist; but the girl shrank from ber. ' No, no, dear ltoBe,' you must not risk any- 1 thing (or me. I ain very grateful. 1 can never forget ; but plesm leave me now — you can do me no good.' ^ 11 But I can and will, Ina. What hot hap pened ? Has Miss De Winton been lecturing you, little coward, us she does ine twenty times a week ? But n'importe, I won't look pale over it. It must pass. ' It she kills me, I can but die,' she hummed, playfully, trying to rally her friend's drooping courage. . 'Ton are right, ltose — quite right; but I mutt go; do not stop me, if you love me,' cried the girl, desperately ; and breaking away from Lady Rose, she flew to her room, and turned the key in the lock, leaving tbe young daughter of the Cnrysforts perplexed and sorrowful. ' Yes,' repeated Ina, ' it is true — quite true ; I can do anything hut be wicked. And it would be wicked; because— because— though even Rose does not think it— I am only half a Catholic, and, if I was, I should be wretched as a nun. I would die liret !' And for the moment the proud flashing de fiance of her^yes recalled the haughty brilli ancy ot her pother's dark orbs. It was Bome hour or so later, ere the door of her chamber opened, and Therese appeared witb a tray ot milk and fruit and roll, which she cautiously set before the young prisoner. ' I thought you must be famishing, vumre demoitelle,' she said ; ' and asmadaiuedidnot give me any orders, I took leave to see to you myself. There, make haste— petite. All are in at lecture just now, even madame.' Ina thankfully accepted the refreshment ; for she was quite young enough to feel the bodily exhaustion of her excitement and fasting even in the midst ot her mental disquiet, and she did full justice to the tempting viands. ' There, a little bloom is coming back, now,' said the kindly soubrette. ?' I'aurre pieciolu, I can never forget how good you were when I was so ill, and you would come to my room by stealth, and bring me your fruit and wine, that Pierre got with your money— chOre demoiselle. But what is the matter? I have my sus picions, and I know who is really the culprit, and I will see what can be done to show up the truth, Miss Ina.' ' No, no, deur Thereto, indeed you must not,1* said Ina, earnestly. ' It would dn me no good— none, it would only make Miss De Win ton send you away, and she would not be dif ferent to me, in any ease. But— Therpsc— dear Therese, may I— can I trust you ?' added the poor girl, tearfully. ' 1 am almobt afraid— and yet I have no one else — no one.' ' Poor dear— poor child ? Yes, I would rather leave altogether than hurt one hair of your head,' replied the 60ubrette, earnestly. ?' If I cannot help j'ou, I can keep your secret any way.' ' Therese, Miss De Winton wants roe, insists on my being a nun, and I cannot, I would rather die, Therese.' '* You a nun, mademoiselle ! You so young, and pretty, and sweet ! Oh! no— that can never be!* ' I am not good enough, that is all, Therese ; but I should be so nicked and false to pretend what I could not feel ; and I should be miser able— oh, so miserable ! like a dungeon it would be to me, Therese. Shut up from this bright world, and with nothing to love— no one to love me, and no pleasure no happiness. I cannot, indeed I cannot ! Will you not pity me — will you not help me, Therese?' And the girl threw herself on the neck of the worthy and still tender-hearted dame who was entrusted with the care of the pupils in their Mtiring hours. 'Poorcliild- we1l.it would be no compli ment to the Madonna to give her a reliellious votary,' mus^l the Frenchwoman, as if arguing the point with her conscience. ' And this fair demoiselle is so gentle and sweet, she would be in no danger of being tempted in this wicked world. And it needs some angels in it like her ! Well, what do you want me to do, mademoi selle ?' she said aloud, in a voice of assumed harshness. Ina stooped down and whispered in her ear. ' Escape ! Impossible ! Child you are mad to dream of it.' ' I am determined, Therese. I must go ; and if you will not help tne I must try myself, and yon have promised not to betray me.' ' Of course. I have, and I will not break my word,' said the woman, hesitatingly ; ' but tn do such a rash, mad action, I could not bring my conscience to it, mademoiselle.' ' But j'ou must, Therese ; indeed j'ou must. Do not desert me, dear Therese, for you are my only friend. I ain so desolate— so helpless— so miserable !' And a flood of tears long pent up at last broke out from their depths, and Therese fairly melted drew her young favourite to her arms, and whispsred soothingly : ' There, tlier^-Hcheer up, petite, and we will see what can be done.' CHAPTER VII. THF. STRIFE OF STREKITH WITH MTI&KUTI1.; ' My lord, you sent for me. I could not but feel it a great Mid kind condescension at such a sorrowful time, and I did not lose a moment in obeying your summons.' And Philip Lorriiuer pressed the hand of Lord Lorraine in his, with grasp that was, perhaps, but coldly returned by his relative. 'There needs little gratitude on ^our part, Philip,' was the somewhat ungracious reply. ' I bad an especial reason for requesting your presence. As to any mere empty sympathy for my loss, I have lived too long, or my nature (b too hardened, to admit of any such relief. What sorrow I have, I can bear alone, but there may be plans Biid purposes for which I need your aid and sanction. So far we are equal, and need no ceremony of idle words between us.' ' At least you will permit me to say that it is an honour to, be admitted into your confidence.' ' I am afraid I cannot even take so much credit as that to my share, Philip,' replied the Earl, coldly, 'I have tuade certain arrange ments, whioh I wish to submit to you, but I cannot promise even to inform you ot the roasons whioh induce me to form ench plans. I believe you will have no cipise to complain of my justice, but I have no wish to -take oredlt for any softer feeling, in mr conduot io you.' ' I am perfectly' content to abide by such arrangements as you may moke, since you de cline to aoovpt my vety true and sincere desire to enter into your .plans . and feelings,' said Philip, with a very well, atsumed air of injured truth, ' I only wait your explanation to give my deoision in the aflirmative, I can 6afely ufiirm.' 'I am not so sure of that. . I must first ask l or your candid reply to a plain question,' the Karl said, calmly; 'Philip, tave you any matrimonial projeots? Are your affections at all implicated In any quarter?' Tho young man laughed lightly, ' Soaroely, my lord. I have been more en grossed by matbem'atios than matrimony ; and either from hard-beartedness or proengross ment, I have never seen any woman I thought worthy of a second thought. Have you been good enough to seleot a bride for me ? 41 Perhaps,' replied Jjord Lorraine, 'though it will depend on yourself, after all, whether you are inolinod to fall in witb my views on tlial head. l)ut, first, I must explain myself a little. You were good enough to express a decorous re gret at tbe death oMhe Countess.' ' Do not o*ll it 'deoorons,'— it w»s sincere, mg lord r; 'Perhaps; we will take that for granted,' interrupted Lord Lorraine ' It bas little to do with the matter in question. By the will of my father, Philip, you are the presumptive hoir— failing my own male issue.'' The young man bowod. ' Ana, therefore, unless I marry again, your chances aro now certain of the succession to the title.' ' My dear lord,' began Philip, ' I do not even entertain the idea. You are in tho very prime ot life— and ? ' ' True I I '-n in the prime of life, l'hilip ; I am scarcely forty Ave. Many men marry again at a far later period. You are certainly not guaranteed against such a contingency.' 'Of course not, I am sorry you should dwell on so unpleasant a subject — that you should imply that I ? ' ' t imply nothing ; I simply state facts. You are not quite so impeccable as to despise rank and fortune. I lay no claims to such disinter ested affection — nor do I wish it. Such things are but idle burdens in this practical world,' Philip was silenccd for once ; he could not meet such quiet and, apparently, unintentional home thrusts, without wincing, and his curi osity was strangely excited as to the result of this singular announcement. ' It suits my purpose to have this frank understanding with yon, Philip,' proceeded the Earl. ' lini acknowledge the probabilities of my marrying again. There would, in 6uch a case, be, at least, the possibility of an heir, and of the utter failure of your expectations. Now, 1 am ready to give j-ou an engagement never to take another wife, if you are inclined tn marry a wife of my choosing.' ' Or, whom you have already chosen, per haps,' put in the young man, half sarcastic ally. ' Or, wlioin I have already chosen. You are quite right,' said the Earl, calmly ; 'but let us quite understand each other, Philip. The young lady in question is personally unknown to me. I have never seen her. I have not the slightest idea of her personal qualifications, nor do I bind \ oil to ratify your engagement if she prove less attractive— less littcd for the station I intend for her — than I anticipate. She is well born ; her mother was a handsome and fascinating woman, and a dowry of an Earldom and fifty thousand a year may well compensate for anj- slight deficiencies.' ' Then I am to infer that you would prob ably take anotber wife,' observed l'hilip, ' should I refuse?' ' I certainly should reserve to myself such a right. It is far more agreeable to any man to leave an inheritance like mine to his own chil dren, anj you at any rate, are but half a Lor raine. The late, countess and myself would probably have known far greater happiness had our union been blessed with children ; and now that she is gone, I am lonely and desolate. I cannot promise to remain in that state, unless you give me reason to do so, l'hilip.' ' I am somewhat young to marry and settle down, my lord, and my income is rather too modest to maintain a wife with any degree of ease, in the station which she might naturally expect,' replied the young man. hesitatingly. ' That would be car^d for. I should settle some £3,000 a year upon you both at marriage, with a suitable provision for Iter, in case af your dying before me. Besides which, you would reside at the castle part of the year, and I should assign Glen ltae to you for a shooting box and retreat from my ill-humour when I get moody and cranky. In short, my arrangements would be very much the same as it you were my own son, so long as you yield to me the re sp»*ct and duty of one.' Philip mused deeply for some brief space — more deeply than was common with him, but in truth he had far more numerous subjects of thought than even tbe Earl could dream were interfering with and influencing his decision. The miniature of that beautiful woman and her boy, and the mysteiy which was connected with it, remained unexplained ; bat still he could scarcely dare to doubt the honour and good faith of the offer made to him by the EarL ' It would be a nice joke if any other heir turned up after I was fairly noosed,' he thought. ' And yet the old fellow coolly talks ot taking another wife if I refuse, and I cannot believe he has any misgiving on the subject himself. Be sides, any way, he would be booked for £3,000 rer annum during my natural life ; and though m not a bad-looking fellow, nor a veiy despi cable catch as it stands, I mightn't find a girl with that fortune when my presumptive heir ship was cutoff. It's no very risky speculation after all— so here goes.' ' May 1 ask what would be tbe result it I found I could not propose tn the young lady with any reasonable prospect of happiness, my lord, or if she were to refuse me ?' he asked, at length. ' I scarcely anticipate the first, unless from pure waywardness on your part,' answered Lord Lorraine, ' and as to the young lady, she will be very unlike Iter sex it she dislikes the heir to an earldom, with anything like tolerable pre tensions ; but, of course, in either case, the agreement would be null aud void. I merely wish it to be fully understood on your port, and that you may meet my new ward with the kind feeling and courtesy you would owe to your future wife. 1 have little fear tbat you will throw away my offer,' on mature reflection.' ' Your ' ward !' repeated Philip, wonderingly. ' Yes ; I am about to take cbarge ot the young lady, if I can prevail on her present guardians to part with her. I owe a deep debt to her parents, and can now, for the first time, repay it in some measure.' 'Hem! Fishy that,' thought the young man. 'Just found it out, when the Countess iB dead. However, it's no business of mine, so long as the girl secures my fortune for me, and is not an ogress.' ' I will make no affectation of disinterested ness, which you would not credit, my lord,' he said, aloud. ' If this young ladv is even tolerably attractive, I shall willingly fulfil your wishes, and secure my own future prospects at the same time. A nan likes freedom of choice oertainly, but you have a right to claim defer ence from me, even in so personal a matter.' ' Yes, I hit re earned a right,' repeated Lord Lorrojne ; ' and at a gi eater eost than you can dream, Philip. However, all tbat iB past long since. All that remains now is for nje to bring this j-oung lady here, and give you an oppor tunity of becoming acquainted, without any wound to ber delicacy. When that is accom plished, and you have done your part, I shall inform you of my intentions, and strengthen your suit, if neoessary. Now, I need not detain you longer.' Philip rose deliberately. 'Is there nothing that I can do at this junc ture, my lord ? no business I can contract to spare your feelings?!* ?? ' I do not like playing a faroe, Philip,' re plied the Earl, snarply. ' I did my best to se cure tbe happiness of the Countess during my life, and all that could avert her death ; but ours was not a love match, and I do not pre tend to be overwhelmed witb grief. So long as I am equal to my own affairs, I prefer not delegating it to others.' ' Proud, unfeeling, cynical man I' thought Philip, as he left the room. ' If you oould do without me ; It you could have cut off my suc cession, you would not have scrupled to leave iuc penniless. I owe you nothing, and, it may be, that you will And that any supposed obliga tion on my side is repaid rather in the spirit than the fetter. It will go hard if I do not ferret out this mystery before I am tied (or life to this hostage for my succession, and he may find I am rather more IiIb matoh than my romantio fool of a cousin. However, it will hasten my fortune some five years or so : and, therefore, I am at present his very humble servant.' (To he continued til U'ednetdiiy'ii iitut .) 