MET AN AWFUL FATE. Little MIyrtle Vance's Murderer Burned at the Stake. A CHAPTER OF HORR1ORS. Tortured with Hot Irons and Boiled in Oil. \--0- No PARALLEL IN TIlE IISTORY Or CnRIEt--Tnous s WITh~rB? !5HE REVrOTrTI ExEcUTIOX. Pl'ts TExxs, Feb. 1.-Special Telc grant.--In this city to-day was meted out to the perpetrator of the most hor.ible crmne that can boe imagined the most terrible punishment that could possibly be conceived by the mind of man-a punishment ending in death that makes the horrors of the Spanish inquisition pale into insignifi cance. On the night of Jan. 26, ycrtle Yancc, the little 31 year old, dan'ghter of Henry Vance. a respectable white citizen of this place. was abused and murdered in a manner so horrify ing as to be beyond adequate descrip tion. To-day Henry Smith, alias B1ob Donerey, a burly colored man, after n'aking full confession. was, in the presence of 10,000 fraizidd people. ftor tured with red hot irons, boiled in oil, and burned at the stake. Ever since the perpetration of his t awful crime, this city and the entire surrounding country has bccn in a wild frcnmy of excitement. When the news came last night that he had been cap tared at Hope, Ark., and that he had been identified by B. B. Sturgeon, James T. Hicks. and many others of the Pa'is searching party, the city was wild with joy. Hlundreds of people poured into the city from the adjoin ing country, and the word passed from lip to lip that the punishment of t the fiend should fit the crine-that death by fire was the penalty Smith should -pay for the most atrocious t marder and terrible outrage in Texas history. COnrou anti sympathising 5 alike came on train and waggons, on horse and on foot to see if the frail mind of man could think of a war to 0 stffliciently puni-lt the perpetrator of so terrible a crime. it ALL LA AID ASrDE. h Whisky shops were closed, unruly mobs were dispersed, schools were dis- ' missed by a proclamation from the mayor, and eveythlug n was done in a . business-like IiianIer. Ollicers saw the " futility of anr effort to quell the it almost riot, determined to gire the It people their way altd allowed all law to t be sot aside. The officers were tlem- tt selves fa tlers, Land on that account n perhaps felt that the application of the II law in the case would be subversive of V justice. The history cf the crime is ol as follows :- le .On Thursday last, henry Smith, a ti big and burly negro, picked up little Il 3Myrtle Vance, aged -8 years, near her lii father's Policeman Henry Vance, resi- si dence, and giling her candy to allay th her fears, carri:d her through the at central portion of the city to Gibbous' tr pasture, just within the corporate sc limits. Emn route through the city lie 1 was asked by several persons what Ile w: was doing with the chlld. lie replied or that she was Mr. Williams' little girl, H and lie was carrying her to the doctor. It A rriving at the pasture mentioned he, se with inhumanity too terrible to relate, th first viciously assaulted the innocent tl babe, and .atisfying his fiendish pas sion, brutally kiled lher. Then cover ing the body wilh brush, he lay oi down and slept ct'ily through the o night by the side of his victim. About h 5 o,clock Friday morning, Smithli awakened, went to the house of his wife, and forced her to cook him sonime beaklcast. She asked hin what had becon:e of that white child. He rc- tl plied :-"I ain't seen no white chile and don't have nothing to do with no white folks." i 111S ESCAP'E AND CAPTURE. After deliberately eating his break fast lie left, and was not seen any moie until his capture. About 2 o'clock Friday, a mass meeting was called at the court house, and captains n were appointed to search for the child. i Shle was found maangled beyond recog- i nition, covered with leaves and brush as abore mentioned. As soon as it was learned upon recovery of the body o that the crime was so atrocious the whole town turned out in the chase. n The railro:ads put up bulletins offering a 'en transportation to all who would join in thle search. Posses went out in eeryT direction and niot a stone was left uittuned. Smith was tracked to Detroit on foot, where he jumped on a freight train aund left for his old home ia Ifempstead County, Arkansas. To thils county he was tracked, and yosh.tr day captured at Clow, a flag station on Ilhe Arkansas and Louisiana Railway, about twenty miles nor:h of Hope. Upon being questioned the fiend de nied everything, but upon being 1 stripped on examination his unlder garments were seen to be spattered with blood and a part of his shirt was torn off. HTe was kept under heavy guard at Hope last night, and later on confessed the crime. Thismoruing he wa-s brought through Texarkana, where 5,000 people awaited the trin anxious to see a n,'n who shluld receive the fate of Ed. Coy: At thlmt place speeches were made by prominent Paris citi:.ens who asked that tlhe prisoner be not molested by Texar kana people, but that the guards be allowed to deliver him up to the oit raged and indignant citizens of Paris. Alone the roald the train gathered sl- engilth from the various towns, the people crowding upon thie platforms and tops of coaches anxious to see the negro who was so s'on to ie delivered to an infuriated mob. TOLD OF IIIS FATE. It was not until the train from Tox arkana had got well on its way thatl he was told of the manner in alhich he was to die. He wealkened then and begged an officer to protect him. He was told that it was not in the power of all the otlicers in Texas to sa-e him. Further than that. they coul not if thney would talo him elsewhere than Paris, as they were themselves virtu ally prisoners in the hands of the coummuittcea from that city that had joined the party on its arrival at "Texarkana after the arrest. He then told circumstantially the details of his awful crime, giving as an exc Ise that he r was drunk. Hie was a picture of tiisery and tears is the train drew into the Paris depot : and he begged piteously to be shot, but said lie didn't want Vance to shoot him. Every housetop and every vacant spot was a seething mass of people as far as ',he eye could reach. 81'EECIIES WERE 3MADE There was a little delay about getting him out of the car, and the crowd became restless when H. B. 'Birmingham, who was with the party, stepped out and said : "Fellow citizens, there is not an officer on the tram who has any control over the prisoner. Twenty-five of your citizens went to protect the prisoner and see that he was delivered here. lWe have done that thing. We have not deceived nor misled you. We are not officers, but citizens, and we have no authority to hold this prisoner against you or any one, and shall make no effort to do so. We merely wish to surrender the prisoner. We leave to you to do what is light and proper. Whllatever is done let it be done as the good people of Lamar Country do everything, quietly, orderly, and peacefully. Iw7 cannot, if we would, resist the thousands here. The prisoner has confessed his guilt in the presence of twelve good and true men. This is all we can say." Another speech was made, in which the speaker said the people of the Lamnar Country had assembled todischlarge one of the most solemn duties ever devolved on any people whether in their own right or by the arm of the law. The people had gathered, not be stealth in thle night, but in open day they had sot aside the statute law and the execution of their decree that should preserve order, TO THIE EECUTIO?r. A large cotoon float had been fitted lp Ias though for carnival purposes and to ja thione-like elthair in the centre the negro was carried and securely bovnd. He was driven slowly around the public square, thence to the place of death. 'Thousands followed .nd the stlcets and roads were lined with other thousands. Out on the bare prairies a scaffold had been built. Four upright pieces supported ten feet above the ground a platform ten feet square. In its centre a strong post was set and braced on either side As the waggon approac'ed, Henry Vance, tihe father of Smitl's victim, appeared on the platform and finally asked the crowd for vengeance. Smith i was carried up a tlight of steps to his awful dooui. ie was stripped to the. waist and placed against the stake. ie was securely bound and delivered over to Vance's vengeance. A tlinner's fur nace was bronught and filled withI irons heated to a white heat. Taking one Vance thrnst it tnder one side then the t otler side of thle victim's feet who. help less, writhled as thle flrs' pe.led from the bones slowly inch by inch. Up his - legs the iron was drawn till it reached his stomach. Then the wretch broke i silence for the first time with a scream that could be hleard a mile away. acloss and arond thle body slowly onward 1h traced the irons. By turns Smith screamed, begged, prayed and ciurcedl. Whllen his face was reached his toneie Ii was silenced by fire and thenceforth lie only moaned or raved in a wild delirium. His eyes were then burned ont and tlhe hot irons put in his month, cemp'etelv s searing it, and then thrust down his Ihroat as faras tdey could reach or burn their way. niAll.rD I% OiL. When he seenel to be on the point of giving tip the ghost oil was poured over the body of the poor wretch and he was covered withi oil-soaked cotton seed hulls to which a match was ap plied. The flames in a twinkling en relopod the almost lifeless and trlture shrivelled form. and were cheered by the mnarldened thousands who seeme'd to become frenzied as their n-strils were assailed by the odors of tl e burn ing flesh, More oil was poured over the victim and more substantial fuel was applied until gradually the body recame reduced to a m- s of riaders. During the process of mic:neration the wonderful powers of endurance of the negro were shown. Even when burned beyond recognition, and, having almost lost human form as he felt the hot oil penetrate. his flesh, he rolled and' wiigaled and tossed out of the mass. only to be pushed back by the people nearest him. He tossed out again and was roped and pulled back. Hun dreds of people turned - ut, but thie vast crnwd still looked calmly on. Curiosity seekers carried away all that was left of the memorablle event, even to pieces of charcoal. The cause of the crirmc was that Henry Vance, when a demtv pnoliem.en. ;n tihe course of his 1,:tv was cnlled to airest Tenrv Smith fo." Iiing drunk and dir orderly. 'l'the nro . was uinllv. oneld Vance was frcie I 1 o use his ,-liuh. The negro swore vP'i'eadCe rn-h several timnes nassanlted Yan~e Tn his ,reed for reveR-a he I:?Is Thur.sdyr a rih,--,1 up the litlle irl aiil eanlnmtltte thli crime for whiihl he tn-dav paid an -nWfutl eonallr. The falier ie prist.rnaud wi, thi rioef and lthe moller nov l:iis at diath'dnnr, hot she ha l-i-ed toIn see the slaver of I-r inneen?t- Ilat s.tff.Tr the most horrih'e death that cmnn'd le con c *is ed. HIS TORT1UREltR 'O I:E PTOSE CUTED. GovE'nsnll Itlne:r Otncu:s TI-HE lAatES ot T-lt PARTICII T... • A-ttin. Texasn, Fh. 1 t.~f-oivernir Hoeng Ih'lirnpbed tle eniii::ls at Lntmar to pro'cet Ilte nmerco HIhur- ?,miith fromi moh violcne, noil after hea:,ring ,f Smith's fate, wirnd diem to ?-,, sthe names of tile parties irincipllly crle cerned for lrrscintion. GOUT 4ND REUfIATISi-i, The.e are uan loeb',lc y IvLoon DuISEASeS, and the poison manieti-s it*. ire~enct in the S well known .yillt,.ims. Tie on!y certain means or cure ensisis in overcomingi this de raviy in ti e IblocL. hichi i re il- uri fled hy th use ,f the l ' rl he Ointinmnt, 1 when rnihii uplin the sill, picuetrates throuegh the pores. nets in untison wit the Pills, and soon effect- a cure. DROPSY" S V * u. 4. LEGS S These remnedii-s mii - itly ulion the Sabsorbent system u i i. piI Illn r tl.at no dtropsy however tnr. I.r.t*. can lo g resistL They equalize tis ecu.ii .ion.--ilty filter out everything that- i nlrii.I or itjjuer-os. t atnd the re entate e'vry fmnucuuic,. 