DESPITE the unseemly attempt at coercion on the part of those who endeav ourod to gain, by brute force, what they knew they could not attain by legitimate means, the PREMIEn and his colleague managed to make their views on the more important questions of the day known with no uncertain bound when they came before the North Brisbane electors on Tuesday night last. By direct assertion very little capital could be made out of the PEsMIERa's recent trip to India, but the channels of insinuation were open, and in these some types of human ity glory with a zeal worthy of a better cause. Ostensibly for the purpose of re cruiting his health, hut in reality with the object of secretly recruiting coolies to compete in.the labour market with white mee and fatten the already too well-filled purse of the monopolist, was the mission of the PaEmIEzR according to these de tractors. Now that bubble has been burst. The PRsecIER'S assurances in the matter admit of no equivocation. "He did not go to India to study the question of coolie labour, but he kept his eyes open, and he left the country with this impression, that the importation of coolies to Queensland was not likely to be a matter for the colony to consider for many years, and that it would not disturb them in the present generation. They might put the matter aside both as to his going to India and his deliberations when there." Those who wish to work upon the sentimentality of timorous people, therefore, will have to unearth some other ghost, and set insinuating rumours afloat to poison the healthy atmosphere of their opponents' camp. The "land grab railway map" banners which were so menacingly held on high as dumb idols furnished only food for demolition by the doughty knight. The author of the map, with a glaring exaggeration which his party would be the first to condemn in others, endear ours in a puny way to show by means of black-line illustrations that 200,000,000 acres of land are "to be grabbed by the syndicators" if the contracts of the Act "are ratified by the representatives of the people in the next Parliament." Tihe childish simplicity of this assertion was trenchantly dealt with by the Premier. "At the present time," he said, "nine tenths of the land was under lease for twenty-one years. He Ihad calculated that, if they decided to acquire this land in order to give it to the syndicates, it would amount to exactly 23,000,000 of money-and they were asked to believe that any deliberative body would in plain open daylight assign 23,000,000 of money to pay for 200,000,000 acres of land in order to hand that land over to syndicates to make railways for them." But the strongest refutation of the absurd exagger ations of those who are condemning a scheme without substituting anything in its place lies in the fact that not one single proposition has as yet been laid before the Government to build a line upon the conditions set forth in the Act, notwith standing that a Feriod of about seven months has elepsed since it was passed. Where the carcass', it there will the vul tures lie. If such a aonderful mine of wralth las been thrown open, how is it that there has been no sish of syndicat ors to take advantage of it l Truth is mightiy awl mUat prevail. Tle fact of the matter is, the ugly "?'grid-iron" which did duty as a bante', like many of tile other Lannere under which the samev Ipalty are marchlinn , would not stand th i trst of analysis. The other bog~y-tha? Ih.nl-grant railways were the scoutrge ofi f reers-was given a caort shrift. It Canada, where the syotem is pdincipally in vogue, the ,ate for passenger traffic is on an average O90d. per 100 miles, 'as against 175d. for the same disHunce in Qensland, and the goods taflic o5ld. as against 300d. This would point to the conclusion that the system is not a bad one for fertile dia tricts-sfanrt which we hope will not be overlooked if the time conmes when ap plication is to be given to the Act. Branch lines in many parts of West Moreotn would confer great bendts upoen' the residents, but there is no money and no prospect of any to build them. It is therefore a question for consideration whether it could not be done with advan tage under a modified form of the Land Grant Railways Act. On the question <f the colony's difficulties nothing was with held. It was clearly put that we were not living within our means, and have not been so for some time. As agentleman from New Zealand, who has recently seen that colony surmount a similar difficulty, has said, we must take of our coats and face the music. The time of a country's distress should be the rallying point of her patriots; when the storm lowers the helmsman should be at his post. This is the position that we are now called upon to confront. Quack nostrums dished up for other purposes will not tide us over it. Nothing but a stern and uncompromising determination to administer the right cure for the disease-however unpalatable it may be -will do so. It is only right, we think, that those who have addressed them selves to this work with no uncertainl sound and with a practicable policy should be given a fair trial. It will be to the detriment of the colony at the present jluncture if they are not. THE choice of representatives for Ips wich in the incoming Parliament is one which touches the most vital interests df the town. The Labour party- exercising the right which undoubtedly belongs to free citizens--have already selected can didates, for whom, it is presumed, their sympathisere will be asked to solidly cast their votes. In making their choice, care has been taken that there shall be no clashing of interests--only two can didates are required, and only two have been put forward. This gives them an advantage which those who are opposed to their aims do not aplpear to have recognised, or, at any rate, to have taken much pains to counteract. The general supposition is that, up to the present time, those who wish to see men returned pledged to a practical policy that will lift the colony out of its depression have been somewhat lax in the matter of organisa tion. Certain influences, however, have contributed to preventunity ofaction,and, if these are soothed over, more concen trated work will probably be done. The influence which the town should have in the future has been greatly enhanced by its senior member having been lately raised to the dignity of a Cabinet Minis ter. That being so, it behoves those who are its most sincere well-wishers not only to endeavour to secure his re turn, but also that of a colleague, sub stantially in sympathy with the Govern ment of which he is a part, and with whom he can work in harmony. This is a golden opportunity which should net lightly be let pass. The present Minister for Lands (the Hoo. A. HI Barlow), if returned-as no doubt he will be, and ought to be-would find his actions hampered were he asked to work with a colleague, not only out of sympathy with himself, but also pledgedi to op pose the policy of the Government. It would be a pity, therefore, if there should be any splitting of the votes among the party according a general suppor6 to the Ministerial programme. Principle and a devotion to patriotic aims should be put before personal ambition. These remarks apply with equal force to country constituencies. Judging from the number of candidates announced for some of the electorates, there appears to be a laxity' of organisation, on the part of. those who should be working in unispon, altogether reprehensible. Al ready, we believe, the wisdom and good sense of some of the aspiring candidates has led them to abstain from jeopardising seats by entering into a contest with others whose general aims are similar to their own. We trust that the expediency of conforming with the sentiments we have here expressed will be speedily borne home to all to whom they may apply. In the town of Ipswich, es pecially, it would be a disaster if the upholders of law and good government were to ruin their cause by the intro duction of party feeling or lack of the essential organisation to return to power men whom they can trust to carry out their wishes. In consonance with the views expressed in this article, it will be seen from the report on another page that Mr. A. J. STEPHEvaNSON has decided to retire from the contest for the electorate of Ipswich. Although he received the most encouraging support, and was assured of an influential and enthusiastic following, the danger of jeopardising the seat was a matter for such grave consideration that he felt it would be a mare patriotic action to retire and leave the road open for a fair and unfettered fight to take place between the Ministerial candidates and their opponents than to go forward even at the solicitation of so many friends. If some such decision could be come to in other cases, it is probable that desirable results would follow. 