ST1 Afli Nighi Tragedy, IN THREE PARTS. By ALYS PHILPOTT, Author of '! Her Little Epiaode'.sIt Au Bnoch of Violets,"'" Two Xmas Eves," etc. Sceas-A natural arbou in a private wood. Tmna-Four o'clook on the afternoon of an August day. l. .Dax.?As Pa?soN.O--A beautiful girl and two men. The girl looks frightened and appealing. Of the two men one stands in a threatening attitude, with a fierce gleam in hie eyes; the face of the other wears an ex pression half-triumphant, half-sad. This facihl expression is the only discernible .di. ferencebetween the two.?men.. There could .be no .mistake about it, they were wonderfully alike. Hair, eyes, com plexion, figure, carriage even were identical, and as their own mother had more than once mistaken the one for the other, anyone else might be forgiven for doing the same thing. " Small wonder I" said their old nurse nnce to one of the many persons who remarked on the likeness. "They were born on Twelfth Night, and all Twelfth Night children are ; if the faces aren't the same, their soulsare. And would you have twin's faces unlike each other?" Still, it was confusing and when the boys grew older and went to Harrow the likeness was a constant source of amusement and bother to everyone. The fellows never knew which was which, and the mistakes reached a culminating point when Lawrence was caned for a fault of Harry's "I don't wonder at your making the mis take," said the wife of the head master when. later on, he somehow found out or was told of his mistake. "I never saw such a mar vellons likeness before, and when I think of bow I have several times heard them say the same thing at the same moment, I feel inclined to believe there is some occult metaphysical tie between them. They are like dissevered Siamese Twins." "I can't say I quite agree with you." ro plied the doctor drily. "?I see one striking difference between the Masereenes. While it is part and parcel of Lawrence's nature to suffer quietly for his brother's fault, you will never find Harry doing anything of the kind for Lawrence. And if you look well into their faces, you will see that the ex pression is correspondingly different." As the doctor had suffered somewhat from the practical joke of which Harry had been the ringleader, it was but natural that he should take this view of the matter-or so his wife thought. She was a clever, far seeing woman and had observed the boys closely so felt justified in sticking to her own opimson. "I think we had better enter at different colleges," said Lawrence, when the uncle, who was tlilr guardian-their parents had been ;dead for some years-decided they should'both go to Cambridge. " Ve can see almost as much f 'each other, and having diffqrppt houses, will be a sort of distinction for us, and prevent confusion." "No tabitof it," replied Harry. "It's .the.,coniusion that makes the fun. Let's stick to each other through thick and thin, do the samethings always, live with each other, and confuse people as much as we can. It will be no end of fun." ,And they did manage to get a good deal of fun out of the two or three years that changed them from boys to men, and the mistakes kept occurring almost as often as before. Not quite, however, for though the faces of the men were as much alike as those of the boys had been, their development of character had given each countenance its own particular distinguishing character istics. Harry had inherited the daring, deter mined, fiery temper-of his esoldier father; he was "sudden and. quick in quarrel," and mever forgot an injury or slight. Lawrence had more of the easy-going Irish tempera ment, was generous to a fault, and just a little inclined to be swayed by circum stances. It was but natural that Harry should take the lead in most things, and he did. Both brothers were greatfavorities, and led a jolly, comparatively uneventful life till-they found that it didn't do to always do exactly the same thing as each other ! No, there wasn't much "fun" about it when they both fell in love with Tom North's pretty sister. It became a very serious matter indeed when each discovered that the other shared the feeling, and that it was no fancy either- that Muriel North was their one, their only love. Whether she mixed them up in her mind and occasionally mistook La wrence for Harry and vice versa, it is difficult to decide; the fact remains that she seemed to give equal en couragement to both, and both hearts were equally set on her. The first sign that the brothers gave each other of their serious feelings was, that from talking a great deal about her, they began to ignore any mention of her name. It was not long before this silence affected other subjects too, and instead of talking freely to each other on all and every subject, they seemed unable to talk about anything but matters concerning the everyday routine of life. And gradually, but surely, a coldness sprang tup between them. As the days went by, relations grew more strained till it became almost unbearable. At last the crisis came. "'Hal," said Lawrence one night when they had returned from a dance where Muriel, looking "like an angel" in her floating white robes, had been the queen of the even ing, "Hal, I can't bear this any longer! Though we have said nothing about it, you know as well as I that we both love the same woman. It is nobody's fault that it is so, but it is a great misfortune, and before we settle anything definitely I want you to tell me candidly what your feelings in the matter are." For a minute Harry was silent. Then he raised his head and looked his brother full in the face. " She is the only woman in the world for me," he said slowly; "' and I mean to marry her." "That is for her to decide," said the other, warmly, his already strained temper finding vent in a little bitterness caused by the way in which his words were taken. ' I might ay the same thing, but the saying of it wouldn't bring it to pass." "Not only do I say it"-there was a gleam in Harry's eyes as he spoke-"' but I swear that shae shall marry me or no one l" "She herself shall decide that," repeated Lsawrence quietly, the paler of his face show inghow deeply his brother's words had moved h m. "And so she shall," said Harry, witheon fidence. It has always been a case of veni, vidi, viol with him, and why should it bh otherwise now ? "I mean to speak to her on the first opportunity that presents itself." It was Lawrence's turn to be silent for a little while now. For a minute he held communion with himself; then his face brightened. "So be it," he said at last. "And if she loves you, I wish you every happiness from the bottom of my heart. Shake hands, old fellow."' Harry took the proffered hand, but there was no smile on his face, nor yet did he make any reply to his brother's ucandid words. When a man of hiis disposition sets his heart on anything, till that thing is gained or lost there Is nothing else in the world for him. But before the coveted opportunity came, something of great importance happened. The day after this conversation, a telegram arrived summoning the brothers to the bed. side of their uncle; he had had an apopleotic seizure and was dangerously ill. Hastily they made their preparations, and within an lonr of the reception of the message were speeding as fast as rail and water could carry them to the far west of freland. But their haste was of no avail. Death was swifter than they. and it was a house of mournimg they reached at the end of their curney. Their noole had not spoken since his selzure, and all that wasileft for them to de was to follow hblm to the grave. There was the reading of the will to be listened to too, but neither of them thought much about that. Though the property was notentailed and nothing definlite had been said to them abonutit, they were quite sure they were co lheirs to their uncle's estate. But on this point they found they were mistaken. WVithout giving any reason for the division, or saying anything about it beyond the mere statement of the bare fact, the dead man, with thexeooption at a couple of hundreds a year for Harry, had left every. thing for Lawrence. True, he was the elder of the two, but this did ,not warraht the dis tinction, and Lawrence's anger and disgusi knew no bounds. "It's soaudlous I" ha said angrily, when he had digested the news. - "Whatever he did it for, I can't imagine. There's neither rhymenorreason init. He knew we aloays went share and share alike in everything." "Perhaps he thought we should do better apart for the future," said Harry, a little bitterly. He had a fair little income of his own besidesthis new legacy and didnot care much for money, but, naturally, at heart he felt hurt beyond measure at what seemed to him a slight. "Then he made a mistake," exclaimed Lawrence, hotly.? '" Of couse, we shall do as we always have done. We will stare the income. and not only is the place as much yoars as mine, but you shall take the'reins of government in your hands. I shall have aeede drawn up to that effect at once." lut Harry would not listen to any arrange. ment of the kind. If the uncle had wished him to have anything to do with the place, he himself would have so arranged it. After a great deal of talk and argument, Lawrence saw it was useless to press his schema further, r and a sentence of his brother's showed him that after all perhaps it was best that they should part for at least a time. \- Harry had thanked him cordially for his generous offer. " Besides," headded, mean ingly, after urging his adventurous disposi Stion, his dislike of a settled life, and hatred of " the dull routine of landlordism." "Be i1 sdes, there is Muriel! As I told you before, Imean to speak to her on the first oppor Stunity." The opportunity has ?ome at last, and we have arrived at the scene in the wood. There, one lovely August afternoon, almost directly I after he reurned 3 Camtobridge, Harry r Masereene meets Muriel North, and in a Scharacteristically bold, manly way, pate his I fate to the test. But, alas for his hdpes! Poor Harry! Kindly but firmly, she tells him she has no feeling for him but that she has for other I friends, and it is in vain that he argues and pleads. She will not even give him " the ray of hope for the future," for which he begs, and at last, in desperation, he asks if she 1 loves anyoneelse. t Then herface tells its own tale. The idea and thoughts this confirmation of his now-born suspicious raise in his breast, together with the disappointment of his dearest hopes, awakes all of the tiger e that lies dormant in the breast of Harry Masereene. Forgetful of all save the frustra 1 tion of all his plans for future happiness, s hot words rise to his lips, and calling!her " Flirt !" " Coquette !" he walks quickly away. Five minutes later Lawrence Masereene, a who is strolling meditatively through the 1 wood, his thoughts intent on what the next a few days will bring forth, stops near the arbor, his footsteps arrested by the sound of , a sob. He looks in, and sees the girl he a loves in tears-in ereat distress. a It is too much for him, and in less than two minutes, not only are the tears dried, h but she has confessed her love for him, and is in his arms. While in this position, a sound makes them raise their heads. e Before them stands Harry, his face white 5 and drawn, his eyes wind and fierce. He has a already repented his angry words, and has come back to say so, and be' forgiveness. a And he comes back to find-this ! For a minute the brothers stare silently into each other's eyes, and then a dark flu-h Srushes over Harry's pale face. " Your shall never marry her !" he cries, wildly. ' Never ! I swear it !" f He turns and is quickly lost to saiht. And t they eeihim no more till SPART II. It is Twelfth Night, and the good old fashioned festival is being kept up in right merry style in many places in the United SKingdom. But nowhere is it being celebrated with more mirth and merriment than at Haughlin Hall, the place where Lawrence Masereeno and his pretty young wife reign. The old house is full of guests, and mirth and merriment reign supreme. "There is only one thing I would have altered," says Lawrence to his wife, early in the day, "and then my contentment would be complete. I wish Harry were here. 'the dear old fellow would be the life and soul ol us all." " Harry here !" exclaimed Muriel in sur d prise. " Oh, Lawrence, have you forgotten e your parting?" "Not literaly ; unfortunately, one can't t altogether forgets scene of that kind. But s I sympathise quite deeply enough with the is poor old boy, to practically foreet it. I expect he feels just the same himself, and any day now I should not be surprised to hear he is coming home." T'he prospect does not seem to afford d Muriel the pleasure it gives her husband. SI cannot forget his face when he said you should never marry me, she says, with a little shiver, " that look haunts me, and the thought that I was the cause of it all often makes me sad." h " Silly child !" he says fondly, "you couldn't help us both loving you, could you? And as to what he said, wasn't it natural that he should express himself strongly under such a ,disappointment 1 ' With his fiery h temper and hasty tongue, my only- wonder is that he didn't say" something much worse. Poor old boy ! But he was always so d ready to forgive-where I was concerned, at all events-and has forgotten all about it by Snow, I expect." " I wonder why he dosen't write and tell us where he is," she says, a little comforted by her husband's words. " Ican't quite make it out," he replies, thoughtfully. " Perhaps he is a little ashamed of his temper, and thinks we have not forgotten it; just as if we should bear a grudge - absurd ! Why"- drawing her loser to him-- ' I believe I would forgive a anything where you are concerned, my darling." And then the conversation turns to a more Spersonal channel, and Harry is forgotten again for a time. Indeed, there has not been munch.time for thinking of him at all since the day of the quarrel. As soon after the uncle's death as decency would permit, Lawrence and i Muriel were mrried, and a prolonged and blissful honeymnoon came to an end but a month ago. Since then there have been many other matters to claim his thoughts and attention. His unole had been notoriously eccentric, but that any sane man could have so utterly mismanaged his affairs was a perpetual sourceof wopder to those who now looked into these affairs. The property had been shamefully neglected, the tenants had been allowed to do exactly as they liked, and every thing was generally upside down. Now hise marrinace had awakened a good many hitherto dormant and unsuspected I qualities in Lawrence, and he not only said, but proved by his actions that be meant tobe a "model landed proprietor." The first thing he did was to get rid of the old, worse than useless, servants, and engage a com Spletely new set; and with a good steward at Sthe head of affairs, and himself personally over-looking matters, he was just beginning to feel his way to new and healthier morals [ and manners. SAlready the tumble.down huts had been patabed up; the plans for new cottages were Sadvanced in preparation; eanitary matters were beiun closely looked into-and indeed I they needed it-and rent was asked of those who lived on his property. SOf course, it was only natural that the tenants should resent this brutal tyranny, I and many of them gave their landlord a great deal of trouble, but Lawrence wisely ignored I all the grumbles and growls around him, and I calmly went on his way rejoicing in the strength of satistied hopes and ambitions. This marning, however, he feels just a little inclined to grumble at his position. A business letter Is in the post-hag, and after reading it, it in with no little disgust he announces that business will carry him away this morning to a town some twelve miles distant. " Of course, you will be back long before ball-time comes on," says a pretty girl who is to make her debut at the ball her host is giving this evening. "He will be back in time for some skating this afternoon, I hope," says Muriel, smiling a little appeal to him. i I really don't know," he replies. "There is no need for me to say I shall be back as soon as ever I can-in time for some skatinr, I hope. In case, though, it is late in the afternoon before I return, I leave you master of the ice revels, Dwarris, and shall hold you responsible for any lives that are lost by drowning." "No tear of my shoulders growing bent, or my hair turning white under that respon sibility," laughs the young man who owns the name of Dwarris. "It would require a good deal of genius and certainly more strength than any of us possess to make a hole in the ioo to- day. But I hope you will be there to test it yourself." " Murlol," says Lawrence alittle later wen his horse is brought round, "it's rather funny, but Ican't get ridof an idea that old Hal f coming baok tao-day. If he does come -and I feel aure he will-of course, you will treat him as if nothing has happened 1" " Of course, I shall," she replies. "He " He shall come-home." "'Good-bye, then, my darling-I hope to be back by three." Andwith a lover-like embrace, be goes. But - his words' about Harry remain in Muriel's mind... She, too, has been thinking a good deal about the wanderer all that and the preceding day wondering where he was. and when they shiould see him again, and how they would meet- -Indeed, so far- does her husband's presentiment fit in. with one of her gwn, she fe ~Is sure-ll these wonder iugs wll be at ri?tea ;*da-y;. " Morris," she'ikysto thle maid who helps her on with her fura -after lunch, "if a Mr Masereeno-younr. imaster's? brother-shnuld come this afternoonswhile lam out, tell James to bring him -dowh:to the- lake to me at once." . But the afternoon wears on, and neither of the Mr Maseceenes put in an appearance at the lake. Meanwhile the merry party has a very good time of it, und when the short day closes and torches and coffee are brought on the ice, the fun waxes fast and furious. At last, however, it is time to go back and dress for dinner. " We shall find Lawrence there, too," says Mrs Masereone to Dwarris, as he takes her skates off. "Yea, I expect we shall. It really was too bad that he should be taken away like this." " "Ah, business is business, you see, and must be attended to," says Muriel, sagely, airing with much gravity the only thing she knows about it. "And the sense of duty performed will make him enjoy the ball all the more this evening, eh?" laughs Dwarris. Muriel laughs, too, buther steps hasten as she gets near home; and a pang of disap pointment makes itself felt when she finds that her man of business has not yet re turned. But it is time to dress, and her elaborate toiletterequires some care and thought. Not enough, however, to prevent a little anxiety creeping into her thoughts as the minutes wear on and bring no Lawrence with them. The business was not so very important after all, and why need it keep him so late on this, of all nights? And the roads are very lonely and dark, and he is alone - But these thoughts are unbearable, and silly, too! She will not encourage such ridiculous ideas; and her face, at all events, betrays no shade of the feeling when she takes her place at the head of the table, opposite an empty chair. " Ho will be here in a few minutes now,' she says, smilingly, in answer to the inquiries that go round. " I have prepared a tremendous scolding for him for his tardi ness, too." Bat it looks as if the scolding will have to be deferred till to-morrow, for dinneris over, and the house party in the ball-room, and there is no sign of Lawrence. Poor Mariel becins to get very anxious now. This is their first effort in the way of hoopitality; over two hundred guests have been bidden to the dance, and is she to receive them all alone? The prespect seems terrible, and the horrible thotught that some thing very much worse than business is keeping him, grows stronger and stronger with every tick oft the clock. " Oh, there he is !" she cries, as there is a distinct sound of arrival. And forgetful of all dignity, she runs to greet him. But it is only the first arrival, and she has to walk soberly back and do the honors alone. And now all becomes bustle and move ment. The fron-froo of silken gowns, the tap-tap of high heels, the sabdued murmur of voices and chorus of greetings grow in volume with every minute; the musicians tune up and finally begin to play; and still the host is missing ! But Muriel bears up bravely. The float ing white robes of her girlish days have given place to the rich silk of her wedding gown, and, if anything, eho looks lovelier than on the night thather husband and his brother first quarrelled about her. Excitement and anxiety have brought an exquisito color to her cheeks, her eyes shine like stars, and her beauty and grace make her the cynosure of all eyes, the topic on every tongue. Except for the restless glitter in her eye, no one could guess by anything about her of the heartache, the misery she feels; calmly and even gaily she greets her guests, telling them with a smile thather poor hard-worked husband will be here directly to apolocise for himself. An hour ago she secretly despatched per vants to meet him. and surely, surely, she thinks in an inward agony, he will be here in a minute ! So, the lovliest of all the women present, she joins the dancers, and later on the strains of " Lovw's Dreamland" bring Dwarris to her side. " Come in here," she says in a low tone, motioning him to a conservatory. " I can not dance any more. He has not come yet -what shall I do-what can keep him ?" "Business keeps him, of course," he re. plies, soothingly. "He must be home directly-perhaps even now he is dressing upstairs. Won't you sit down here, and go over the scolding so as to have it ready for him ?" "No! no !" she cries, pushing the hair from her forehead. "I am desperately in earnest. I cannot tell you how alarmed, how terrified I am. Something must have happene0 to him! What can it be? Where is he?" Soothing words were evidently of no avail, and there is more than a shade of anxiety in Dwarris's eyes as he listens to her words. It does look strange, awfully queer. And she is quite justified in her alarm. " I'll tell you what I will do," he says, after a moment's thought. "I'll go myself to meet him and hurry him on." With no thought but that for her husband, Mluriel accepts the offer, and Dwarris quietly and swiftly leaves the ball-roomn to set out on his errand of discovery. But it is an errand on which he never goes. A minute later a tremendous peal of the bell reverberates through the hall. Then another ! And another! Then into that gaily-decorated place, amid the strains of joyous music and the scent of rare flowers, where all is light, and mirth, and laughter, walk four men bearing--- A stretcher ! Instantly, horror becomes written on every face of those who are seeking coolness in the hall, and as a wave of terrified, transfixed silence rushes over them, a radiant whiteformn runs into the midst of it all. It is Muriel. In one second she takes in the scene before her-the dread hush, the horrified faces, and the four rough men with their buharden. Ashy pale grows her face as with trembling limbs, she walks over to the men and draws aside the coarse covering that hides the quiet form they carry. One glance at the still, white face with a ghastly streak of blood across it is enough. He is dead i Murdered I With a wildt cry, she falls like a dead woman by his aide. PART III. Place-A Court of Justice. Scene- Two men beiig tried for the murder of Lawrence Masereene. That it had been murder there could be no doubt. Poor Masereene had been detained in Bally-kaughlin till the afternoon, and had then declared his intention of hIurrying home. He was last seen alive by a friend past whom hlie bad ridden on his homeward road, and some five hours later his body was found in a dry ditch about mid-way between Bally-Haughlin and thie Hall. He was quite dead-lhad evidently been so for some time, and had been shot through the head and lungs. The morning after that dreadful Twelfth Night his wife was in a raging fever, and in little more than a week, the poor child-she was only nineteen-was laid beside her husband in the family vault. So a double murder was laid at the door of the unknown assassin. And the burning question that agitated every mind for miles round was-who had done the dreadful deed P For a time nothing could be discovered; but at last questions of possible motives, conjeotures and inquiries, resulted in sus-. picion becoming attached to two brothers of tho name of O'Grady. One of them was a 5 desperate character who lived by poaching I nd theft, and had a hut two or three miles I from the scene of the murder. The other i was one of the servants who had lived at the I Hall under the old master, but had been dismissed as dishonest by the new one. While he lived st the Hall he had avowedly had nothing to do with his brother; since he left there the two had lived together-none knew how. The chief evidence against them was given by a farmer, who told how, passing along the road at dusk and getting near the place a where the body was afterwards founi ho a had observed two figures:larking in. the hedge. Then a man sprang forward' and tried to stop his horse, but his animal, a net tlesome' dolt,; qulokly' galloped past them. He oould ilmost swear, the man. was one of the O'Gradysi -L : . . ' A gunsmith deposed to selling a revolver to the elder man a month ago.. Some spots of'blood were found on a shirt belonging to them. :The elder man had been heard to utter threats against MrMasereene, who was down on all such characters, and' had threatened to have him imlrisoned. On the part of the younner, desired redvenge for.,his dismissal was brought forward as a possible motivel The evidence was considered- strong enough to bring about the arrest of the twe, and eventually they were committed for trial. The romance of it:all-happening in such a way and at such a time, and wrecking so utterly 'two' such 'promising young livie, touched the hearts of the most callous hearers, and leaving sensation, out of the question, the.general mourning for the terrible death of the gay, handsome young fellow and his beautiful girl- wife, was heart-.felt and wide-: spread. So, naturally the greatest excite ment prevailed, and as the, time for the trial came on, no one seemed able to think or talk, of anything but " The Twelfth Night Tragedy,'' as the papers called it. SUnder the influence of.a rumor thateprang up and rushed like wild-.fire, this excitement grew to'fever-heat. Somehow-no one. ex aotly knew how-a report got about that the brother of the murdered man had committed the deed ! Whether the delirious ravings of the poor dead wife, ber wild talk about Harry's fierce eyes and "he said you never ;should marry me, and now he has a knife, and look.! look I he is trying to stab you-oh, savemetl save me, Lawrence 1 Oh don't kill. Lawrence, it is not his fault that I love him instead of you. Oh, save me'! save met"-whether this, with the further confirmation .of the maid's story of how her mistress had said Mr Masereene was expected that afternoon, was at the root of it; or whether some idle tales about the quarrel the brothers had. about Miss North, and how Harry had been deprived of both his love and inheritance by his brother, took shape and grew- into distorted life, was never known. But-it was whispered about that Harry was suspected of the murder, and at last thtere were those who-in his absence declared boldly that Harry Masereene had done the dreadful deed. So matters stood when at last the assize day came, and as the trial (the first on the list) proceeded, and it was seen that nothing could be proved against the prisoners, the possibility, nay, probability of Harry Masereene being the murderer is openly talked of. As soon as these men are acquitted \--nd, of course, they willbe acquitted-they will make a search for and find the real oriminal-that is certain. So saymost of the people in court, and the defence for the prisoners. confirm their ideas. .blyand eloquently the defence is made, and it is with somethingof triumph that the young solicitor makes his points and turns suspicion. Suppose the elder man had uttered a threat against deceased-did not all of us, under'the influence of passion, say words we did notmean, and that we repented of as soon as'uttered. And might it not be expected that this rough, untutored,man should use stronger words than a gently-nurtured one woulia? No one could prove that the O'Gradys bees been- anywhere but in their hut on the after noon'end evening of Twelfth Day, and as for the blood-stain on the shirt, was there anything criminal in a man cutting his hand and accidentally staining his garments with hisown blood? As for buying a revolver, what was more natural than that a man living alone in a wild, solitary place should like to have the protection of firearms near him ? And if the OlGradys had used one on the night of the Twelfth day-and one had been used-where was it? His clients had lost their's a day'or two after purchasing it. There is a sound of movement in court-a stir--and "It is alie!" shouts a deep voice, fiercely. The words create a profound sensation, and all eyes are instantly turned to the spot from whence the sound comes.. " It is a lie I' repeats the voice, sternly. "The revolver is in the thatch of an old barn, near the place where you murdered Lawrence Masereene, and where you youn self hid it." In common with everyone else the prisoners have turned to the speaker of these momentous words. One glance at the man who accuses them is enough. A change comes over their stolid faces, and with a yell of terror-" Oh, God !" the elder man falls fainting to the ground. There, to all appearances, stands the ghost of the murdered man pointing at him with outstretched arm. The excitement is terrific. People stand up, women shriek and faint, all cries of order are disregarded, and the judge is almost the only calm person in the building. " Who are you, and by what right do you interrupt the court in this manner ?" he says loudly, in a stern voice. " I am Lawrence Masereene's brother, and am sent here by God to sustain the charge of murder against these men," replied Harry for it is he-his face set, his eyes blazing. "I left India because of a dream I had on Twelfth Night, and have come straight here to avenge my brother's death." This remarkable statement still further increases the excitement, but intensecuriosity prevails-for a time over fear and wonder, and a 'dead silence takes the place of the tumult that greeted the appearance of this strange witness-a silence that grows when the judge sanctions the telling of the tale of this wonderful dream. Loud and clear rings out Harry's voice as he tells a tale that runs something like this: "On Twelfth Night I dreamt that I was with my brother in a room of the inn at Bally-Haughlin, a place in which I had been once before. He was engaged on business matters with Mr Rigg, his solicitor, but left in the afternoon, saying he must hasten home. Passing through the market he snoke to three or four men there, and then rode quickly towarns the main road. "Although I could see and hear all that passed around me, I felt sure it was not my bodily presence that thus accompanied him, but my shadow or spiritual presence, for he seemed quito unconscious that I was near him. I felt that my being thusne present be tokened some hideous hidden danger which he was destined to meet, and which my presence could notavert, for leould not speak to warn him of his peril. He rode brisekly along, hummingas he went, and called out 'good evening' to some man we met. I had never been along that road before, and do not remember noticing anything about it till we came to a hill, the descent of which brought us to a dark valley. "It was now dark, and although I had so far seen nothing to warrant my anxiety, I felt more certain than ever that death was awaiting my brother" Therewere'high and well-wooded hills on eitherside of the valley, and when we reached a part where occasional trees on each side of the road obscured what little light there was, my apprehension in creased, till I wasin a perfect frenzy, franti cally desirous, yet quite unable to prevent his going further. Suddenly I became aware that there were two dark forms lurking be neath the hedge, and I knew that my brother's hour hadcome. "And so it was. Tha man"-pointing at tbhe younger przioner-"sprang forward and seized the horse's bridle, the other lifted a revolver, took aim and fired twice. LMy brother swayed and dropped from the saddle. The man, as if to make assurance doubly sure, held him by the throat for a moment, then they dragged or rolled his body into a ditch by the road-side. The riderless horse galloped off in the direction in which it had just come, and the men hid the revolver where I have told you you will find it, and fled into shadows of the trees. "The agony I had endlured through this terrible scene became insupportable. I strug. gledl violently, and calling on God, I awoke." . To describe the impression this wonderful storv createsis impossible. Never beforehas anyane heard anything so remarkable in real life, and-is it all trueo .they ask. Has he really dreamed it, or is it all a ruse to-but now he is hero and they have seen him, those who were most vehement in casting the darkest suspicions on him, dare not even breathe them openly. The few hours that follow the adjournment of the court prove the dream only too true for the O'Gradys. The finding of a four barrelled revolver with two empty chambers in the thatch of the barn described by Harry is unnecessary for the passing of the death sentence on the men, for on coming to him- I ;elf the older rufilan, believing in his terror and confusion that he had seen the ghost of he murdered man, confesses to the crime. And ere long, tihe two murderers have suffered the utmost penalty of the law for' onoof the most crnel, most brutal crimes ever perpetrated, and are transported to higher, more dreadful criminal-bar than cure, Th. :hlstor? of ,hrry Masereene from the taime bFhli qu`arel wvith his brother to his appearance in court may be easily guessed. Enough to say that he had long since:ro? pented his hasty words, and had things gone on in the'ordinary way would soon have left his wanderings and made peace withhis brother and sister-in.law. As it is, from being an object of thedarkeet suspiion, he is elevated to the position of hero, and his " vision from God" is the wonder of all who hoar it.. For the rest Ah, me ! Truth is. not only stranger, but oftimes sadder, so much sadder, than-fiction, and were it not for Time's healing powers, life would in many cases be but a sand and weary thing. Let us hope that the bhoary-headed father has dealt kindly with Harry Miasereene. [Tun END.] 