Millbank in' tlie Spring c M. Oameiioh). .?? Millbank Eatato consists of aomo milos square of tho most beautifully undulating country to bo found, botwoon Wogga Wagga and Temora, and a drivo of oomothinp like 20 milos ovor groon ku&llo;, and doping ? jUjlandn, Iovol. meadows and granny glades. m the owoofc spring ooacon of tho yoar 13 a pleaouro to bo romomborod by ono nowly arrived from tho dust and smoke bogrimed city. Starting north from Junoe, and driving Some distance through- splendid grazing territory, whoro tho bleachod trunks of long since ringbarked treo3 show silver whito against tho delicate green of the waviii' grasses, we gradually iiscentled to tho highest point of a dolicatc green mount clothed to ato»-.t!ie summit with a coat of iinost verdure, and crowned with granite boulders. Hero we obtained a magnificnnt panoramic view of a series of cultivated farms which almost encircle the base of the mount upon which ive stopd. These lie before, and on either hand the dark green stretches of wheat just coming into ear, alternating with belta of light timber which are yet uneleaned from the Uplands. The harmonious scene is like a gigantic carpetpattcrned in varying shades of emerald and olive green stretching away to a curved line of blue, at the horizon. The eSecfc of this natural picture is soft and harmonious In detail and charming in outline. In the distance we catch a glimpso of the Cottage homes of tho tenant farmers dotted amongst the fields. The cool morning breeze blowing across the wide expanse of undulations below our vantage ground on the height, skims over the surface of the silken grasses at our feet, causing shimmering wavy- -lines like ripples on a sunlet sea. Very beautiful is the tasselled grass waving in the wind, lovely. The sapphire sky above, in which masses of white Cumulus'slowly move athwart the face of the sun, like stately ships at sea ; and en chanting-is the picture lying before us, as ^ the oloud shadows slowly moving across the expanse give the growing wheat a deeper, darker creen, and then departine, leaves a golden glory behind. Even the grey granite boulders on the summit of the hill - help to make the picture more complete, so akin do they appear to their surroundings. Everything in tho scene appeals to our sympathies and we fancy we experience A cunning harmony Of words and music caught from glen and height, And lucid colors born of woodland light. We proceed to on adjoining eminence, Kurrajong Hill, so named from the fact of several fine kurrajong treca growing on its crown, one especially largo opooimen of thio handsome evergreen denizen of the forest standing proudly on tho summit, and yield-, ing a gracious shade in the heat of summer to the stock grazing around. From here wo obtain an equally lovely view of tho fine prospect around. Miles away, through tho openings amongst the trees X70 discern Millbank Homestead. Facing this vio', ve gain an idoa of the ontent of this fine estate, for it Btrotchos for several miles in evory direction. Looking out to the right we ?'?'-informed that its boundary. adjoins that 'its owner's other oplendid property known as 'Clear Hills,' which is some 13 miles distant from where wo stand ; and beyond that point we see tho Bethunqra Kills out lined in purplish blue against the sky. Turning to tho loft, fiolds of greon crops alternate with woodod ridgos, until lost in the distance, while beyond, we diotinotly trace the 'outlined of tho Hanging Roolr m&ny; a'iles beyond Wagga Wagga, in, the direction of Albury. Contained - within tlio boundaries of ;Millbcuk Escato are consider ably more than a score of forms, all of which are laid down in wheat, and tho territory comprises some splendid grazing areas, as yet not despoiled of . tho light sprinkling of of box treos scattered ovor tho green expanse. Many families havo recently settled upon tho lands which, havo boon leased out in large or small areas to suit tho means at command of those occupying thom, and whon tho \7h0l0 of tho estato is tenanted a considerable population will bo maintained within its Bounds. Only four years ago tho ostato was nsod for grazing purpocosalono, a ring fence, and one or two subdividing lines, of wire, boing all the improvements mado iipon it. with the exception of the homestead build ings and fences. Whon tho properly changed hands, tho .present proprietor (Patrick Hoffernnn, .Esq.,) dotorminefl. to engago in trhoati 'forming, and'iininodiatoly some hundreds of acres in tho violnity of the homestead were cleared and laid undor wheat with ouch success that tho following season saw tho area increased doubly. Hop ing the faoilitics for clearing tho land, owing to the sparooness of tho timber upon it, and also the easy accoss to market, as tho land io situated close to both , the main Southern, and tho Southwestern lines, of rail way, applications came in to the Mana ger of Millbank, (Mr. C. L. Bourko) for leaseholds, somo ooloctors in tho back blooks, preferring to lot thoir lands lie idle ?while they, with thoir families, removed in oloser to civilization, gladly availod them BelveB of the opportunity 'of settling upon the Millbank Estato, and aro now engaged ia wheat culture, finding it moro remuner ative to cultivate grain on a routed iarm in close proximity to a railroad than on froo hola long diatanco from it. Driving over the estate, wo passed along tho margin of a fine level crop of wheat just coming into ear. This farm was leased tho yoar previous to nvncottioh gonilemon, a noholarly man, hailing from ono of the Scottish Unir versities ; a widowor, and a braw laddie over six feet in hio stookings. A small boaid house, with iron roof, in tho centre of the form, was pointed out to mo as his ro-r sidenoe. Stopping at tuo open aoor 01 a small but neat cottago homo of another tenant farmer, wo were cordially invitod to alight and pnrtako of tho usupl buoh hospi tality '* a oup of too.' Wo found the farmer and his wife to bo quito a young couplo,.not very long wedded, and upon admiring tho pretty tea servico was bjushingly informed that it won a wedding present, as wero most of the nlcknncks to bo seen around the room. It was their first year upon tlio land, and ' of course,' said tho young wife confidingly, 'I, cannot expect to havo everything nice yet awhile— it takes a long timo to make a -romfortable m tho bush- — but I must %-wor garden next year,' and I ^ear. V'^-echoed her desire, and trust sho [ will jhavo a' very 'happy homo for many 1 years; tj) come. t ' During our pleasant and interesting drivo wo passed a couple of young men who together had leased a considerable sized farm,1 and after ploughing and sowing operations had been concludcd, wero pro ceeding with other nccescary improvements. At tho timo of our visit theso hard-working young fellows wero engaged in scooping out a dam for the conserving of water for their farm . stock. A team of bullocks wero hitched to tho iron scoop, and while 'Jim drove them, -'Harry',' held the adjustable wooden handles . of the scoop which ho manipulated so cloverly and ingeniously that it appeared to the uninitiated eye a mero circumstance to fill tho scoop, steady it put of tho cavity, and with a dexterous twist of the handles jerk tho the loud clean out on tho etnba'nkment^ Another farm, not far off was worked jointly by fivo brothers on tho co-operation system with much success. 'Nearing tho homestead we passed asuporb field many hundred acres in extent, which comprised a level sweep where the high waving wheat looked like tho bosom of a placid lake, and a beautiful sloping upland upon which the sun's beams gleamed, tinging tho green with gold. Dotted over tho field at rare intervals, were prettily formed shade trees, which a tasteful manager had contrived to havo spread from tho woodman's axe when clearing was in progress. This splendid field, previously cultivated for the estate, was now leased out to a tenant who would realiseconsiderablo profit from its cultivation. Arriving at the homestead, we found a largo roomy house with wide verandahs over which wisteria and passion vines clambered attheir own sweet will, and roses blushed through tangled mazes of unkempt wildwood. Through the Fronoh casemont3 which openod on the verandah, wo otrollod in a garden, whoro tho borderings of rosenary that surrounded the ono timo flower bods woro as high and donso as ordinary hedges, and wo sympathised with a doar old fashioned cabbago rose troo tfcat struggled into fragrant bloom amid tho ' weodo nnd grassoss which woro choking it to doath. Accacia trees bent to tho oarth with thoir woiguc ui uruumy ujuolu, ana Diue ana wnito Jlcur do lys kept their fragrant blossoms above tho rank grass that almost smothered them. A otately aloe whioh had roaohed maturity, and deat, at the samo time, tottored to its fall, near to a fino almond tree loaded with fruit. To. stroll along the deserted paths of this onco beautiful garden amid the hedges of rosenary seemed liko walking into a cometery for evory neglected flower within it was a childhood's friend, and it mado my heartache to see them struggling for life among tho gluttonous weeds that were trying to crush them out of oxiotenco. But these were bachelor's quarters, only a couple' of rooms being occupied by tho Manager of the estate — the rest held the dim ghosts of the former occupants, whose garments I fancied I heard rustling in the closed up chambers, as tho winds crept stealthy under the rattling Venetian shutters of the verandah. But a truce to ghostly re miniscences which fled incontinently as the Chinese Cook brought in a substantial lun cheon, after the discussion of which our return drive, was undertaken along a terra cotta colored road which wound between forost giants, and rose and dipped with the undulations of the ground as we drove merrily along, cherishing pleasant recol lections of ' Millbank in the Spring.'' 