THE "TIMES" NEWSPAPER INSIDE PRINTING HOUSE SQUARE j Tiiitrk is n very interesting article by Mr. i Etlmt.nd Vincent in the llrrn'irh Illustrated Marjnzrrtr for September, from which wo nrt. very glad to be nblo to take tho following .-p.otatiani Mr. Vincent says .*— Aecom* viny me then, at six in the evening In the door in Printing House Square. Romam without, in ll.e flesh, but let vour di-cmlxitli.-d spirit pi-- tl.roi.gh the folding donrs; the men behind the tailings on the light will not. iioiie.- your ghost,, but you may notice t lint tluy -it nt the receipt of telegrams nnd of rnvcln|*f->. and that no-man bearing the printed envelop:* of the im/ier goesawny ut.tvwnnkfl. You will notice, too. Hint the nigh; printer, nre dropping in ono nftcr another, lor I lie great engino it nwaking out of her l.nlf sleep of the flay. THK .-...wrnsivti lIOOM. Glide utis?b*U..tially lo tho right and you shall pa*, through a lofty room, a wilderness _ol iron tables and type, lo the font of a spiral staircase of iron, ascending which yon shnll become nwato of a warm smell of oil nnil of a mttling crashing sound from a composing room. l,ook down its length, and tho iinpres-iou product il nn the oyo is that of nn entiles* series of frnn.es, hybrids between ti Venetian blind and an .Eolinn harp, each nt tended by its satellites who work under n strong light content ratal upon ll.e work. Before .inch mnn lies his slip of " copy " ; legiblo or illegible, he must mnkc the l?.-t of it; sumo set by hand, others by machine, played upon villi kevs like a piano, capable ol setting nearly .'WO lines nn hour, whereas fifty Hues is tlio limit of the best bant) labour. Bo content with a glance bore. Know thnt each man baa his w*ork allotted to him by the head-printer. Ihat many of the grow to an honourable old ngts, thnt all receive pay at rates higher thnt. thus- earned by any men t.f their class in London, and tliat there ia uot a Trades Unionist ninimg thorn. the kdithr'.s u.iuuuor. Pass through n grcon-bniro door into a long corridor, remembering that even to the spirit*, the room of tlio editor of the Time* remains closed, and th.it you are in another man's house investigating the pone tralia of his business. Oilier room* in this corridor are those which used to be occupied by Mr. Maedonald, antl occupied now by Mr. Godfrey Walter, and tbo drawing-room in which visitors are received, over the mantel-pieco of which hung, until the other day, a portrait of somebody in antidiluvian jack-boots,whom I always assumed, without any justification, to be Crabb Robinson. There are three writing-rooms on this floor, each having a good desk and good chairs, a supply of pale bluo slips cf pn|-cr, and a strong electric reading-lamp. There is also number 7, the room in which an army of sub-editor* spend laborious nights over oceans of manuscript, much of which, to the infinite annoyance of everybody concerned, is faintly pencilled on to greased |>aper and called " Him**)*." In spite of the monotony of their work, the sub-editors of the Timet as a body are the cheeriest and tho most helpful men in the world,nor do t-bcv think it absolutely a matter of conscience to deprive an article of all point and all epigram. Til* REroItTER. AT HOME ASD AHMAD. Upstair*, on another corridor, are the reporters' room, the leader- writers' rooms, the foreign room. The leader-writers are wreathed in mystery. I cannot sav who they arc, how much they earn, how tJtcy do their work, how many of them there are, for the maxim of the Timet office is tbat of Uie sage, with variations, "Oil no man n leader-writer until he is dead." The name of tbe reporters is legion. The foreign room is one of tho busiest in the house. The wires from tho Continent click without ceasing ; the messages which come require the full attention of four trained men under a chief. It is a mistake, by tlie way, to call this gentleman, accomplished anil distin guished as he is, an editor. Tlie Time* has but one editor, nnd in his department he is absolute and supreme. We are now in a position to give a rough sketch of Um> means concerned in producing, choosing and arranging the matter apart from advertisements, which appear* in the T.iaea. TnE ME- WHO MAKE Till. "TIMES." They are Uie editor, an assistant editor, foreign director, and the so-called City editor, though here again the word " editor" ia to my mind misapplied. There are x leader-writers, the**, are six or seven sub editors, and midway between them and the printers are tbe readers. There are also x special correspondent.-, y reporters, assigned to districts and peripatetic, and s semi attached reporter*. In the United Kingdom there ii a local correspondent of everv town of importance; in every country in Ihe world, almost, is an accom-dished gentleman entitled tn call himself " our own corres pondent." Of these M. de lllowiu is the type and the ideal. Kven now I bave omitted tlio full staff of teporter* in the House of Commons, wbo enable the Timet to giro practically the only complete report of debates published daily in England, and the law reporters, barristers all, including men appointed to each circuit, at tbe head of whom is Ibe most indefatigable and tlie most humorous of men, tlie favourite of Bench nntl Bar, who lias always a kindly word for a struggling junior and a merry anecdote for tlio jaded leader. Still there remain tbe multitudinous reviewers, lho dramatic critic, the musical critic tho art critic, tbo gentleman wbo make* the turf hi* sludy, the yachtsman, the rowing critic, tbe observer of cricket The names of gentlemen of this das* are indeed legion, tbey are as numerous as the pursuits of men. Tho management of this great organist, tion is conducted by Mr. Arthur F. Walter, with lho invaluable assistance of Mr. Moberly Belt Tbe printing department is in the band* of Mr. Godfrey Walter. All the Walter presses have been made in the engineering room at the basement of Printing House Square. Here, too, is the type foundry, for at the Tints Office a large I .report ion of typo is melted up and re-cast. Finidly the composing machines, Kaslen bein's, with 60 many improvements that the original idea is almost beyond recognition, have received much attention with excellent result*. 'At one timo it w-bs customary to connect the operators nt some of these machines by telej-hone with persons dictat ing from the House of Commons, but the practice haa been practically discontinue.l, partly because tl.e House of Commons has become an "early to bed " institution, partly because tho strain on the operator I wu found to be almost intolerable. It Is well known that carbon segregates from meteoric iron in the form of fine grained frrapbitc, and crystals of graphite resembling tliamond* have been found in metaa-.riu.-s such n* those of Youngdegin and the Novo L'rri. Diamonds arc also found to occur in old volcanic vents, suel. as the Kimberley mine, ol Suutli Africa, which are filled with ilf.comi-Jst.-l intrusive material thrown up from greitl tlt-iatlis. Professor Carvill Lewis supp. ed t.lie-e diamond*, to havo been formt-d by the action of the intrusive nintcn>*l on the carboiii. fert)tis shale* fountl there, iitul pit-dieted that diamond, would be found in meteorites -hut no diamond* have yet Ik.hi l.uiiid in tl.c Greenland iran-bt_!*\ where a similar action hi.- taken place. Professor O. IV. Hunting ton rreentlv ftjpres-.il the opinion -which, ifitlt-.fi. had already beet. forme*l by M. Il.iubrt*e—th.it, since tlie e.irll. is ap|iareiitly a mass of meteurito covered with a crust, there ought to be abundance of diamonds al gnat depth*. The classic, implicit)- of M. P.ei.au's French pro.-.., together with the love he ever dis played for the discussion of spiritual problems and tbe analysis of the religious sentiment, naturally suggest., a comparison with both the matter and the manner of the late Matthew Arnold. Tl.e affinity between the two is, indeed, very remark- lib. ** 