British, and Foreign. In what was once the Assyrian empire there exists a Christian church, the origin of which was in apostolic times. One of tha oldest Nonconforming Churches in England—the Congregational Church, Can terbury, has just celebrated its 247th anniver sary. Christian missionaries in foreign lands are said to experience more trouble in their attempts to convert Mahometans than they encoun ter with any other class of people. In public recognition of the value of the service rendered to France by the H'AH Mis sion, the President of the French Republic has conferred upon Mr. M'All the cross of the Legion of Honour. A recently completed religions census of Australia shows 1,485,066 members of the Church of England, 493,309 Presbyterians, 364,694 Methodists, and 80,118 Catholics. These am the four most numerous denomi nations. The careful revision of the Apocrypha, undertaken aomo years ago by the revisers of the Old and New Testaments, is still in pro gress. The result of their work will be pub lished by the universities of Oxford and Cambridge. Open-air preaching is now one of the estab lish old institutions of London. The Open-air Mission was established in 1853. There are 1,123 preachers on the roll. Hundreds of ser vices am hold in different parts of the city every week. The Primitive Methodist Church of England, organised in 1812, has 1,049 travelling 16.317 local preachers, and 193,653 • - members"' "it bae in European missionaries, 44 white and 486 coloureu uwj bers. The third annual convention "for tho deepening of the spiritual life" among the missionaries in India has been held. The American Reformed Church, the WealeyanB, tho Church of England, the American Board, and othor mission* were represented in tho meeting. At York Convocation, on February 9, a resolution was adopted by the Upper House to the effect that the House bad heard with deep regret the announcement in Herj Majesty's speech at the opening of Parliament respecting tho intention on tho part of the present Govern ment to introduce a suspensory measure affecting four "Welsh dioceses of the Church of England, thus foreshadowing the intended dismemberment of tho church; and that the House, with every feeling of loyal attachment and of duo obedience to the Crown, desired to enter its solemn protest against a measure whioh would inflict very serious injury upon the whole Church of England. A similar re solution was passed in the Lower House, and it was suggestcdthatoopiesshouldbe sent to the Prime Minister, to the Leader of tho Opposi tion, tho Archbishop of Canterbury, and to the four Welsh bishops ooncerned. The arch bishop said ho would determine what should be done with the resolution after consultation with the prolocutor. Convocation was pro rogued till March 8. The Boys1 Brigade in the United Kingdom numbers over 1,600 officers and 21,000 boys, making it the largest Christian organisation of boys in the world. Those -in charge have decided in favour of having an encampment of the brigade at the World's Fair, though all the details are not as yet settled. A'New York clergyman told his congrega tion the other Sunday that all those who put 5 dollars in the contribution box would get 50 dollars back in their business within a year, and that if they failed to realise that promise they could draw on him personally for that amount. At the close of the service the minister was surprised to find the offertory box almost filled with 5-dollar notes. Dr. George F. Pentecost has decided to remain in London, declining the invitation to becometliepastorof the Park street Congre gational Church in Boston. He gives as reasons that the work of the Marylebone Presbyterian Church, in Loudon, is so great, and the pressure brought to bear on him for that reason so strong, that he does not foe? that he can leave at present. Although Borne will always be the capital of the Catholic Church, it is apparent to oven tho most careless observer (says an American paper) that America will, within the next century, occupy a more important position with regard to the church than any country has since the days of St. Peter himself. It is possible that in the course of time a pope may even bo chosen in that country, although it is not likely for a long time. Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, the great London preacher, says the Methodist Church, to which he belongs, will never reach the masses until it adopts generally tho practice of street preach ing. The churches in America are beginning to open their eyes to the same question. Christ has commanded us to go out into the streets and lanes, into the highways and hedges. If people will not come to the church, we must take the church to them. During the recent illness of the pastor of the Willows Baptist Church (U.S.A.) severalmem bers of his congregation entered his study, tore up the old matting used as a carpet, which they threw into the yard, and removed the bookcase, chairs, and other furniture. They tacked down now linoleum in place of the mat ting, and supplied the study with a comfortable easy chair ana other appropriate articles with out disclosing their identity. An exchange .publishes Luther's ten qualifi cations for the ministry. They are as follow: "1. He should be able to preach plainly and in order. 2. He should have a good head. 3. Good power of language. 4. A good voice. 5\. A good memory. 6. He should know when to stop. 7. He should be sure of what he means to say. 8. And be ready to stake body and soul, goods and reputation, on its truth. 9\. He should study diligently. 10. And Buffet himself to bo vexed and criticised by every one." To which, with all-becoming modesty, wo might add that the less notice he pays to alleged trouble in the church the better it will be both for himself and the church. The Rev. Dr. Joseph Parker, the well known Oongregationalist divine and pastor of the London City Temple, is believed to be contem plating a startling now departure in connection with spiritualism. In the course of a short sermon to business men delivered recently, he declared that, while seeking no message from disembodied • friends, he awaited direct com munication from God. u What is called spiritualism," he continued, "should be rescued from the unholy and frivolous uses to which it has been put by some fanatical and even viciouspersons. I believe in divine spiritual ism. We ought to speak as the Spirit gives us utterance. We should retrace our way. to * Pentecost. We should stand in living relation to the eternal Spirit, and should speak out clearly and fearlessly whatever He may bid us speak. We have distrusted the Holy Spirit. We have forgotten His very existence. X bitterly repent my own neglect and sin in the mutter, and implore God and the Holy Ghost to send messages through me concerning life, business, politics, religion, and duty which may be of real service in the highest education of the world."' 