the mystery the tower. A TAIiB or TlHtlLLlMQ Intehest, BX HELEN OOBW1N P1BBOE, chapter xxxv. dbllb tbidmpiiaht btill. As tbo two men and His. Turflt drow near Kenrick Princo raised himsolf slowly 0 a sitting posture and clasping his wifo close looked at thorn calmly. All throe stopped as suddenly as though >(.« had atrnck an invisible wall. qho men turned on anxious troubled gate book upon Oaptain Dunning. " Mrs Turflt 1' excloimod Mr 'Trent in jjj moat drawling tonos but moat signifi cantly, also. Tho woman started violently, and wont to Sibyl with a sorb of jerk. « You ore to come with me Mrs. Prince —you ore to come right away 1" Turflt isid, excitedly, taking hold of Sibyl's arm. Kcnriok 0 tared at her wondoringly and indignant; " What is th it, Mrs Tarfit? Let go my wifo'sarml" Tho bonsokoepor obeyod him instantly sndsood looking as u ehe wishod tho earth /would open and swallow hor. Captain Dunoing'e assistants scomod to feel almost as foolish aa aho. They, did not like trying to handle a man with a woman's arms around him and suoh a lovely lady, too ! . Captain Dunning stood biting his lips and frowning. I " It is enough to drivo a man out of his iwita or ixuiko him wondor if ho over had any" ho said to obsequious and olHcious Mr. Tront. " That fellow there has boon in tho Kydo Ponitoatiary three years under my ohargo. He has got seven mote to serve. is Kick Halsoy, and ho is ono of tho meanest most cowardly villains that over lived. Ho has got away from mo twice and ovor since his recap ture after tho flrat escape has had tho Impudent daring to insist that ho is not illolsoy that ho never saw mo nor tho peni tentiary till ho was token there this lost time I X know ho is Klek Halsey 1 1 know frlm bettor— or worse— than any man that Vas ovor under my charge j and yet he the impadonce to claim that his name 1s Ksniick Prince and his homo hero at fliaollen To cap tho climax the boor lovoly crazy crcaturo there has taken a whim to imagine him her husband 1 'Anil she doos it well too. 'Princo'ircmzy ' brincoss/ thoy coll her down in tho town and aho is beautiful enough for a quoen or empress. Look at them— look I Upon my soul X beliovo they oro both mad or >lao 1 tm. Whoro can Mr. Trinco beP i ;'«riah ho would como and confront this rilow, and attend to his own wifo. That J9 out of my line. Wby don't ho come? 1 ./jit v»n mtil m.Kjulo mti find him." Ho may have gono down into tho town sal some errand," drawled Mr. Tront. ' X iriU sond somo ono to boo if you don't mind yoitiug." " But I do. i have waited too long now sn this miscrablo business. What am X to 'fo with hor P Ho must g-/, of courso ; but thero wiU bo a aceno. Bho will make a vorso fuss probably than if aho wero really lia wifo." . ''I havoan idoa" droned Mr. Trent" Tthat if Mr Trinco comes inandsOus that' forking his head in Bibyl' and Kenrick's itrostion " there will bo considerable of a mono anyway 1 don't believe thoro will be enough left of your man Halsoy by the hmo Mr. Prince is through with him to xp worth taking away." -eCaptahDuzmlng iookod startled. %hhHalsey !" ho exolahnod rising hia tffzEfte. ." You' know vou have to como with You know it as well as ido. Will |o#3o it withoat a fuss or shall X have to toko you by force. S quick shudder ran through Kenrick. Hpixtod his handsome hoad; and looked, at inning with eyes that inodothat worried gattiemon's breath como quiok. ' dis arms tightoncd about his wife. . Captain Dunning," hoBoid "all Task of you is a fair heormg— a bare investiga tion of tho facte. 1 am Kcnriok Prinoo, and this Mr Prince whom they are pro- lending thoy cannot find, iB my twin- brother, Jasper. He was in your charge under the name of Kick Halsoy." / Captain Dunning broko into an angry laugh. " See here Halsoy 1 don't wont any more of this!" ho said. "I know you and you know mei Yon may have oe many twin-brothers as yon like but you a?dvHiok Halsey I That is foot enough fnrjBfc and if thoro is a spark of decency loft in yon you will release that unhappy lady who imagines yon oro her husband and. como along before worse happens." / Kenned Prince looked down into tho clear/ beautiful oyes of his wife. I " imaginoB 1" ho repeated with a quivor- Snffemlle and kissed her passionately. I Captain Donning olenohed his hands &&.Ctook a step forward then paused ritdmg his teeth. 1 4 spite of him against hia will Kenrick ;d!rice impressed and affeoted him 'Mngely 'To save his life he could not 1 jKenrick— ho could not feel bitter and 'titoeful toward him as ho had boen in Ah&bit; o! feeling toward Kick Halsoy -TXihiit very fact angered and exasperated /-hMfcorfiiUy. All 1 oak of you," Keariok said "is to ijftfroht me with 'tho man you suppose to hh Kenriok Prinoo." X A maoh' easier, shortor and safer way," MnGcrvaBoTront suggested, significantly. Dunning " would be to confront /L5with, those servonta gathered in the corridor. Most , of them have been here fop yyarB and never heaid of any twin | broth business before." " iu thia part of tho country «/< 4id hear it," Kenriok said, quietly. My. motnor b aooond husband Colonel Buoi npvor heard of my brother Jasper. , My father waa_ & yory proud man. He considered that ) Jasper was a disgraoo to hln familv. and timo ioforo bo died;. Ho ioujl not iJW JauptK's Mm# to bo moatloned to liis 1 house. JJaok where wo used to livo beforo ( my mother parried Colonel Kuol, Jiwrar wa» onppoocd by most to be dead. ' Wo tot thsavthtok so. My motbor nwr.Wd Colonel auol ot bis oxlstonoo. Thcoo nro , all Colonel Ruol'o oorvants. Of courao they novor heard that 1 had a twin brother It was iv carefully treasured secret known to very few. outside our own immediate Jcvailypr b\x . Trout hod tho cool offrontery and in- ->1 nco to shrug his shoulders as Kenriok 1 opcaking. and protond to conceal a j u rJi behind liio hand. , lu reality, Bello was Borionsly afraid hor would bo imprcQood by tlua truo k j: v no simply and naturally told. It -.i.mo-u d hor that ho was not. " k uu might oco what tho sorvanta Bay to 1 bfo fcUow," Bho Buggeflted, in her Troiiv Voioo, to her father with a faint tinoov,.. "'Thoy ought to know him if ho is iCt-n;: Princo. Of course thero is a sort >/i rnui'.rublanco botwoon tho two mon— f and Mr Princo— but it wouldn't cUtA-ivo uio fern of second timo though 1 nover.bivr olther of them till this morning. . whon tho servants havo pro- iji.uu-jyu ou mm. no wm Bhut up ana bo iv.oro waaonablo." ' ,.(?.nok i'rinco roso with somo dilfloulty C/.'ot the couch on which he was sitting .. - 4 advanced slowly into tho other room u: nrutu still about lus wife. Lob ino coo tbo corvantu," ho oald : <lv and with tho faintest of sad smiles 1 ; ;'b think thoy will deny mo." ' i\ll them in," Dunmug eaid with ; v v. : fivof minglod resignation nnd im- -jo, ; tho wholo troop tlirongod awkwardly w ih tho door. ' old gordonor, Jamca Bco30 was not them. Cunning Hollo had etnt tho vUlago to look for Mr. Princo. Tho others stood staring and bowildorcd. Mr Trent had beon among them, tolling them that o runaway conviot who looked a littlo like Mr Prince was in thoro, and that Mrs Princo who they all know was .mod, hod taken up the notion that he was her husband. Kenrick Princo did not look muchliko himself. His clothes wore soiled and torn ho had on a colored flannel a hi t ; bat for tho kindness of tho friend a young physician in tho sick word who had helped him away, ho would havo beon wearing tho convict stripes. Tbcao servants of his mother's— these mon and women who wero callod upon now to say whether be was Kenrick Triaco— bod never beforo seen bitn otherwise than olegsntly sad faaltlosily attired. His hair was cat closo, his handsome beard woo gone, and hf» face, besides being tbln and emaciated and disflgarod by a dark lamp on ono temple made oy Jasper's flit, looked rough and strange with tbo now growth of Bhoit baud upon it. It was scarcely strango that, having ac cepted Jasper as Kenrick so long, they should bo nnablo now to recognise this frightfully changed Kenrick as himself. Poor Kenriok throw up his gallant hoad proudly and looked 'at thorn. Ho was so sure that these, his mother's dependants, who had known him and loved hlin so short a tlmo ago, would stand by him now eagerly. Bat when Captain Dunning questioned thorn, thoy only looked ccsrud and confused and wero dumb. Kenriok drew his breath hard, and a cold thrill ran through him. " Now then, will you come, and no mqro fuss I" said Oaptain Dnoning. a You see none of theso people will own yoa." SiSyTs beaoUXal indignant oyus wero flashing over tho group of dumb, half alunnod servants. Thoy felloa the shrink ing, cowering, ghastly-faced hoosekcopsr. " Mrs Turflt I" ehe cried, "yoa will not deny him f Yoa brought me oat of tho tower in the night to sco him " Tho woman did not utter a word, only hung her head shuddering and tried to hide behind the other. " Mrs Turflt," colled Mr Trent very nor- emptonly "bo 10 good as to step oat here sad tell ns what you know about this business !" The trembling housokccper did not daro refuse. Bho came forward slowly enough and without looking at anybody. " Come como, madam ; there Is nothing to bo acarcd about," Mr Trent sold. But tho woman know better "Did yoa," panned Trent, "over see tbU man who la pretending to bo Mr Kenrick Prince tiU in tho middle of laat night when tho real Mr Prince came to your room and told yoa to brieg a lunch to his apartment 2 Aud when yoa did it yoa found this fellow with him! Is that sot" Mrs Tarfit knew by bis toao what was expected of her and sho answered, with a shiver : " Yes, sir— yes 1" " Mr Prince told yoa then, did he not, that tho fellow was a disreputable relative of bis whom .be wished to hide and shield ana una you w uoip aiu 1 - Again Turflt know what was expected and quavered forth a shuddering affirmation. Bho was shuddering and shaking so sho could scarcoly stand. The mean and aelflsh creature had one soft place in hor hard and cruel heart. It was for Kenrick Prince, end she was callod upon to betray him— Ino only beiog in the wholo world Bho cared for besido herself, But sho loved hersolf best after all so tbo did it. Kenrick stood a momoat staring at tho lying woman ghastly white and as if turned (0 stone. Then, putting Sibyl from him, bo strode forward and caught Taiflt fiercely by ibo arm. " You, too— yoa 2" ho uttered, la a voice boATio with rage aud horror. "Now," whlspored Trent — "now is your time, captain I Quick ! I'll keep Mr. Princo." " CHAPTER XXXVI. BETBAYRD 1 Thoy fell upon him liko wolves— tbo two assistants and Oaptain Dunning. " Now the bracelets !" Quick as light the ignominious fetter clasped those pale and wasted wrist. ' Konrick mado no fight He cpuld not if he had tried; for he had not the strength. . He stood' looking at them— at Captain Dunning with such a contemptuous light in his fine eyes, his handsomo Bps ourred into a contemptuous smile, that the exasperated warden writhed, though ho boliavcd ne was only doing his duty. A ciy that .was more liko that from some wounded animal thin as though It came from human lips, broko from Mrs Tarfit.. Sibyl made ooo desporato attompt toreach her husband, and stood still, barred fiom him by Mr Tfent. " Mrs Turflt 1" drawled tha disguised voioo, commandingly. And the .trombliog, shuddering, horror- stricken creature daro not lefuaa obedience to thai call, Sibyl stood at bay. Sho looked from ono to tho other. Sho felt that if sho persisted la trying to reaoh hor hasbond they would stop hor by force. " Yoa aro a fatso and wicked woman 1 sho said to Mrs Taiflt, who quailed and shrank at tho wordB as if thoy had boon blows. Then she turned anon Belle : " Yon are vory cleverly disgnlBod Lnoy Venaor, bat I know yoa I What havo yon done with Mr Blck Halsoy 2 Havo yoa hid him under a woman's gnl9o, as yon are trying to conceal youreolf undor a man's I" Boile recoiled at the first words, bat was herself again (orhlmaolf,as you liko), before Sibyl had finished speaking. She glanced sharply at Mrs, Tarfit, and uw that tho housokeoDcr did not seem to have understood Sibyl— too much over whelmed with her own rcmorso and horror, p0£?c£o poor lady is taking mo for a woman now" Bollo drawled In her most Trentlah tones. .. " Captain Dunhing, spoke Sibyl raising hor voice. "Did a woman escape at tho , same time with Biok Halsey ? ' , ' Captain Dunning started. Ho hod been vaguely conscious of something familiar about Mr Tront all tho timo. Ho know what it was now. xv ww«> - flash. He went toward him. "Bollo" ho oxclaimed in low, agitated, r0A8huddcr)Iran through tho disguised woman. A dread misgiving concerning all tho probable consequences of thin discovery rushed ovbr her. . Thoro was no poaaiblo uao in denying herself. Bho knew that whomover elso ho might docelvo, sho could not impose upon hor father.. Ho know her bettor than Bibyl Princo did.- " What to do about Jasper was tho noxt oucfltion. . .. Hnuld oho otill mako hor fathor bohovo , that Konrick Princo was Hick Halsoy ? Sho looked at Captain Dunning entreat- 1 ingly. 1 " Wait" oho whisperod. " It is all right. | Loavo Halooj with tho mon and como into I tho other room with mo." " Hut how about Mrs Prince P" ho aakod "Oh," glancing angrily at8ibyl» "she is novor violont 1 Wo can attend to her afterward." .Thoy went into tho bedroom and shut tho door. Captain Doxuiing looked pained and anxious. . " I don't liko tho looks of all this, Bollo," ho said. " What doca it mnnn V Hollo laughod, but in a most unpleasant way. " Simply that I am horo on tho Bamo busineas, virtuallv oo yon aro, and i- had to disguise mysolf vory artfully to hoop Biok from knowing mo," oho answered, boldly. Coptain Duuning Iookod pozrlud. " I don't know whife t;o mako of you Hollo You carao thoro to tho prison and mado mo tbmk yoa had. got ontiroly over your fatal infatuation for that wretch, and all thowhilo it was only a ochcind to got near him and holp him got away. You holped liim cscapo thon ) now— " "Now," broko in Hollo with an air of bitterness and rancor, " I havo forgiven him for tho laat timo. Ho hasropaia mo for all my goodness to him with now abus'o" and negleet and I want to put him back behind the bars again and koop bim thero. I guess, father X havo got ovor iny infatu ation at laat." Donniog was completely deceived. "My poor Bolle — my wronged unfor tunate child ! Hut why this extraordinary dlsguisoF" ho said. " It was tho only way T could obtain a footing in the honso and find if bo was surely hero. _ Ho would havo known mo in any other guiso and would havo gono away beforo 1 conld sond you word, as 1 meant to." " And you think you aro surely oared at last?" ho questioned. " Yo cured I" Hello said, firmly. " Ho can't have any suspicion regarding you or ho would hardly fall in with Mrs Prictco's fancy that ho la hor husband so readily. Ho is a bold ono and a sly ono. Woll X don't think ho will got aw ay again till his time is up. I. hope you really an cured, Bollo. I will got you a divorce and vou can yot marry somo decont man, per haps. You will como homo now and stay with your poor old fathor won't you ?" " Presently father," sho said avoiding his oyes and ashamed in hor heart— whlon was a loving ono in spito of all— of tho paxt sho was playing." " Yon had better como with me at ones. Get rid of this drcadfal dlsgafse, and como with mo now." " That is Impossible. I will join yon.soon., I can't go now." " I don't liko Ioaving yon horo. And how about this mau i'rinco 2 He Is avoiding mo, Isn't ho 2" "Ithiakso. Yoa soo, Halioy Is a sort of relative, distantly, and ho hs been conceal ing him. I presume he profors to kcop out of tho way till you aro gone." 11 Do thoy look any alike 2 ' " Yes, somo." "That accounts partly for that lovely young wifo of his taking up the freak that Halsoy is hor husband." "Yes, of courso Get him away now, father, as qalckly as pomiblo, for my sako. I wont it over and aoao with. Mr Princo might come In on ns, and then thero wonld be a scene— especially if ho learns how Mrs Prince has beon going on with Halsey." They opened the door and rotnraod to the others, Blbyl had disappeared. Tho inatant thoy bad left the room. SXbf i disengaged bersoff from tho dozed housekeeper with an im- pcrlouine&s; which the woman conld cot withstand. Bho went to Kenrick, whoso captor wero looking and feeliog very uncomfortable Not that thoy doubted their prisoner being Hal soy, bat ho was certainly a delicate, refined gentleman, whoever ho wa«. and his ssd, handsome, unhappy faco touched them. Doep down in their hearts thoy felt that something was wrong— jost what thoy coald not foil. Blbyl's ex Inordinary loveliness, fan, im pressed them. duo iwu to? aweot ana oeauuiui to uo crazy," thsy whisperod to each other, more than onco. "Darl'n," said Bibyl to her husband, " wo have a few minutes more. Try to think of something, Vou see, we ore both so horribly tied— yon because thoy all porsist in beliov- log yoa Halsay ; 1 because they say I am mad. If wo had only ono friend I 1 can't bear to havo yon go back to shat horrible prison— you ao ill and weak. Yon will d(o thoro beforo holp can como 1" " I can stand it. Loxn't stand that I" Ken riok buist forth. "It is yon I fear for. I begin to see as I never did boforo what a re morseless and cruel villain Jasper is. To think o£ bis banlinood In claiming yoa, pro tending that you aro his wifo 1 Ue will du desporato things Bocnor than be beaten now. I am afraid ho will try to put you in an In sane asylum. If wo could only find them, Blbyl— if wo coald only confront him with uxptata uaaning r Just at this juncture, Mrs Turflt, wild- oyod and white with (car of tha consequences of hor own daring, put hor trembling bind on Sibyl's arm and drow hor car down to her Bps. H I'm almost Bare," sho whispered, barely so she conld bo heard, " that tbo Halsey one isinyondor. I've watched these rooms all tbo mpming, and I novor saw him go oat ; nor ho ain't gono it's my opinion." Bibyl darted instantly tov tho door of tbo room indicated. It was looked, tho key reposing in Mr Trent's pocket. But Mrs Tarfit, in her capacity of honse- keeper, had a duplicate, which sho whipped out ana gave hor, < Sibyl opened tho door and wont in boldly. The apartment was a sort of dressing-room and bath-room combinod. There was no ono in it, bat a door opposite tbo ono by which sho hod entered stood apart, and sho was euro oho got the glimpio of a pair of glittering oyes at the crack. As she wont toward it, tho crack disap peared, and when she tried to open tho door, though it was not looked, sbo coald not do so.' Bomohoavy weight, Uko somo one stand ing, scomod against it. 8 ho tried it for a moment, and was turning away to seek help, when sbo was saadonly confronted by Mr Tront Only for an instant, however. Mr Tront, aftor ono raging glance, drow back quickly, shut tho door again, and iookod it. She was trapped i CHAPTER XXX VII JAMES BE28B BEES TIIH QII03T AGAIN. 11 Got yoar man oat of tho home with &e; littlo delay as possible now," Bello Baldwin hor Trent voico, to her fathor, ' It wJll savo tronblo if Mrs Princo does not see him go." Poor Kenriok stood for a moment like a statao of doepair. Tho pallor of bis delicate faco was almost frightful to soo. And ho could do nothing, absolutely Weak, f ottered, about to bo dragged off lg- nominlouBly to prison as another man— what conld ho do 2 A groan broko from his whlto and quiver ing lips. Two or threo teat s, wrong forth by bis mortal agony, rolled down his oheok. Captain Dunniag averted his faco at the sight. Villain— vilest of the vile— as bo be- llovod Kenriok to bo, be could not look on thoso tokens of apparont suffering unmoved. " How ho bates to no bank to prison." he thooght, and was amazed to find himself pitying tho wroteh. Ho gavo tho ordor for departure. Tho two men who bad hold ot Konrick urged him along, not ronghly, but strongly, with decision. The unhappy young man turned hlo wild and anguished face toward tho group of staring sorvauts, 44 Is there not ono among you to speak up for ma?" ho cried, in desporato, almost florce, acconts. " George Uoo, who . got Madam Buel to tako yon on hero at tho Hall without a character I Lizxto Travors, who travu voar old fathor tho monoy to keep him irom losing tho lutlo homo 2 Who Bat up with you in tho fovor, Fred Stacy 7 You can't remember— you don't know mo— not ono of yuu I" Those ho addressed looked frightened and et&rttud; so did the others. Bat thoy did not know bim in kiB changed appearance, and thoy did fira«y beliovo Jasper, who had boon clendlng lo bo bi. broihor bo long, wob Not" ono ot thorn utiorcd n word. All shrunk nnd cowered away, as 11 atrald or hlKonr!ck otaggored, nnd loaned heavily on Ilia guMds- between weakness and afflijitlnn. it was as inuoh as lio conld do to Kop his foot. Thoy had almost to oarry hiT: thov reached tho hold ottho great otalrs, J»mos llceso appeared, returning from tho fruitless quest on which Bollo hud "Bto'wrlafraldhtaooldman recognising Kenriok than of all the rest pUjSToiso stood aside , to .lot them poos, a sorrowful look in hia lli started violently at eight of Konnok, and hia fnco took on n lcodon, hvldhuo. It's tho-tbo ghost!" ho otammorod, wildly, storing ao if lus oyos wonld como out of hia head. With a sudden anoxpcctod movement Kenrick throw himsolf forward and laid his inaoaclcd hands on tho old man's breast pressing . him book against tho heavy, carved oak banister. "Jnraea Booso don't yon know mo P" bo almost sbriekod in tho startled man' oars. " Mr Prince" uttered Booso, brokenly, and in frightened jerks. " Yes— sir.- Yoa —I— know— you. Did— I— ovor— say— I— didn't sir?" " Captain Donning," drawled thopoculiar tones of Mr Tront at this moment " that old fellow is ono of Haleoy's confederate. I know all about him." Tho warning, coming from tho sonroo it did, bad woigbt, 41 Move on I movo on I" ordorod Dunning to his men. " Take him along whether or no." ' # They obeyed, in spite of Konrick' fran tic struggles hi wild prayers and en treaties. Hut suddenly these ceased. Kenriok Princo, weakened alroady by illnoss in- urica and wicked drug had reached tho limits of his power of enduranco. Exhausted naturo gavo way, and ho foU into a doop swoon from whioh ho did nob rally till ho woo for away from Buellon Hall. And so thoy borohim away. Tho old gardener following thom with -horror- stricken evos. Ho mado somo attompt to interfere to question, but was so ruddy repulsed that no gavo it up. xv wtw , na wwmpreaossiDio Business vv him. It ho hoard what Bollo oallod out to her fathor ho did not undorstond it— certainly novor. dreaming that Bho meant him. Bollo -as sho drow back aftor tho do- parturo folt that though sho had won tho oattlo it hod boon at bitter cost. " I am not sure bat it has cost mo moro than it would to havo lost it," ehe mattered gloomily. " That is on awfal thing 'I havo dono Bonding that good unhappy man to prison in Hick's place— after all I promised hlo mother too— promised and swore to per form. And all for what F" Bho smiled bitterly to herself. " Aftor all I promised mysolf, too, about rovengo for all Rick has mado mo suffer thl is tho way I tako it. But thero is timo enough yot." flhc looked up and saw Mr Turflt watch ing her The servonta wero filing away towards tho kitchen to talk it over. Sho was recalled to hersolf or rather to her assumed self by tho strango 'expres sion of Mrs Tarfit' oyos. " lVcll, what aro you looking at P" sho demanded in her Trent voico. "I am looking at you Luoy Vonnorl" tho housckocpcr returned with a vicious air. " Givo mo back thom rings I" " Thoso riegs, you mean," drawled Hello with an indescribably mockieg accent " Tho rings you stolo from poor doad Madam Buel's room? Mr Prince and 1 eon both testify to that." A sho spoko Belle pushed Mrs Turflt unresistingly instdo tho room from the corridor and followed her shotting tho door. " Ho is no moro Mr Princo than you aro Mr Treat I" burst forth tho hoazexooper, with blanchod lips " aud 1 wish 1 had told Captain Donning what I know about the two of you 1" "YcsP What a pity you did not l"Bollo said with cool insolence. " It is not too lato yot," tho housekeopor rstortod, defiantly. " X think it is" Bello eaid. " Yoa don't supposo ho would boliovo anything you could say about Mr Princo now P As for Mr Trent and Luoy Yonner ho knows a great deal moro about thom than you do. It won't work, Mrs Turflt. You will do woll to mind your own business and tho less you say about those ring tho better — for you." " Now," eaid Belle " I wont you to go at once and aeo if tho rooms in tho tower which Mrs Princo ha boen occupying aro in good order." " What for?" tho housekeeper asked, sullenly, " "That is nono of you business but 1 wUl toll you," Bollo returned, coolly. " Mrs Prince is going bock to thom for tho- present." \ "For tho. present ?" persisted, the. houeol eoper, " and thon—" Bello gavo hor a quoor look. " Oh hor husband will docido that," she said. "Perhaps -ho . will tako her travelling.". ... . ..... " Travelling, indeed," muttered fibs Tarfit, as sho wont away on her errand. " 1 know, what tho pair of rogues moon to do and I.wieh I knew how to balk them and dared doit." Hollo went book into tho room where sho had lofc Sibyl. As sho opened tho door, sho was wonder ing— as indeed aho had wohdorcd ovor slnoe sho looked it— why all was ao quiet thero. Why had Blbyl not made moro fuss ? It was not liko her to oooopt a bod situation bo easily. . The next moment hox passionate heart was beating wildly with jealous rage and hatred. Sibyl was lying back in a largo easy- chair, hor eyes olosod hor lovoly foho cold and pole as though sho wore dead. On his knees besido her .Jasper was chafing the. slonder whito hands eagoriy. between his 'own and ovcry now and then pressing his lips to thoso soft, sixowy fingers. inwardly raging with fiercest jealousy, Bello went in very quietly and Jasper m his utter abaorption.did not know sho was there. (To ba continued). 