A DEAD MAN'S STEP. A 2fEW AND OEIGI2T AL NOVEL. [Aii. Bights Beseeted.] FIEST APPEAEAJTCE IN PBINT. CHAPTER XLV.— fCoxriN0ED.- ** I guess we -weren't eo very much, mis taken in each other, Wells,' he said, drawing the other back and releasing him, to set right the overturned chair. ** Tfc.e fact is, old fellow^ we've made up out minds, Mr. Baird and I, to let you into matters & little deeper ; bu» I could not riek it without trying your mettle — don't you see? Not that either of us felt any great uneasiness or doubt. Sit down again, man !' and Wells dropped down into his place again, only muttering as he seated himself in a half aside — ' 1 swan to man 1' , ' Now, then, 'Wells,' went on the de tective briskly, *? time flies, and I must b« back at mv post booh, and that post happens to be at present Beechwood.' ?« No 1' ?' Yes, sir '. Did you happen to hear that a certain Mr. Holly, distant relative, was a qrue6t up there ?' ' Why— yeB.' ' Well thatf s me ; doa't look so aston ished. Well — Mr. Baird has advised me to take you into full confidence, and I'm only top glad to do it ; and wheh I am done, I think you'll be quite ready to put that button into my keeping, for, Wells,' drop pine: into instant gravity, ' I hope it will help us towards finding out more than the truth about Joe Matchin, Wells, there's been niore than one murder committed in Pomfret of late ; and, J believe, upon my eouI — that they were both committed by the same hand. Wells, you will give me your promise gf secrecy, if not of help ?' ' Of secrecy ; so help me ! of help, too, if it's not against Bruce Deering.' ?* I'll tell you what I can, and you must judge for yourself. Wells, that good man, Ly sander Deering, did not die of ? heart failure ;* he -was poisoned.' And then, while Wells sat beside him, BpeechlesB, almost, with the shock and sur prise, Murtagh hurriedlj related eo much of the story as was needful 5 omitting, by the way. much personal detail — but telling enough to jjlace the case as clearly before Wells as it was in his own mind. ' So,' said Welle, when he had ex hausted his surprise, and pondered over the strange recital, *? that -vras why you were eo interested in St. Mark's, ah ? Great snakes ! but when one comes to think about it, there couldn't a been a better hidin' place, nor one half so handy. An' to think, no one ever thought of it but you ! And — Miss- Wardell! — thafs a purty big pill to swaller! — but — if the church part of the business was true, the rest looks a puity closte fit. Jiminitil suppose the feller was a Jayin' in that arbor all the time she was talking over the fence to me?' ' yuxte iikely.' ' But — Cracky 1 if the right man was in hidin', in the church first, and up at the big house afterward, that lets Bruce Deerin' out, don't it ? ' ' I hope so,' said the other, evasively. 'v But it does! And them two women; wlfet does it all mean ? tbein letters, and messages, and meetin's in the shrubbery, ?what do you make out of that ? ' 'Nothing as yet. At the worst Mies Wardell may have had reason to fear Matchin ; these beautiful spirited woman sometimes have secrets, and Matchin, eo near her, night and day, may have dis covered EOmet'hihg— ' ' Hum — well, ehe'B fillers been called a high -flyer I — but that Freschwoman — ! ' ' Well, she is a Frenchwoman, and they are born intrigueants, so called. Sarita, I have been told, is very fond of money ; Mies W— — — seems to have known her well ; may the one not have been bribed to help the other out. Beechwood was empty almost; one could hide there, and when things were quiet, or there was danger of discovery, it would be a good point from which to tramp across the country to some of the neighboring sta tions. This is only theory, mind ; but the thing's possible.' ' What I want to linbw is this ; do you think it possible that Bruce Deerin' bad any sort of hand in it ?' Murtagh looked away, and bit his lip ; then he turned back -with sudden resolu ' tion in hie eyes. 'Tom Wells,' he Bald earnestly, 'I believe you're as white a man as God ev«r made I I know I can trust you, and I won't ask you to trust me and to give what you believe to be a solemn trust into my charge without a return in kind. I can't aay that I am sure of Deering's innocence, though, by feeling and instinct, I am drawn toward him I But, Wells, do you remember when I bade you good-bye, and asked you to keep a lookout on Jonas Wiggins ? Well* I was leaving for good then ; or so I thought— leaving by the consent of Bruce. Deering, and at th« re quest 6f . his uncle, who tojd me that there were reasons why the Deerings must not pursue the case ; and aBked m* to let it drop and go aWay. To leave it to be worked out by the sheriff.' 'Good lord!' Wells fairly groaned. ' And-— did anyone else— did Baird know?' ' Baixd knewj and Arden, and Redding —they all said that the old inan'a health was at stake, that they did not understand, but they trusted him, and that he must have his wilL' 4 *- But-— you came back?' ' At the request of Mr. Baird— and Mrs. Deering— and to look into the poisoning case,' 'But— great scott! You are working the other— ?' ' Yes, I hats been retained again.' 'By Bruce!'' ' No. For Bruce, and without his know ledge* by a friend. Don't press me there, Wells !' ' Well I won't! and I Won't try to guesB either. For Bruce, you said? *' ' Yes. For him— in his interest to clear him, to prove his innocence ; nothing less will do* And now—Wells, about that button PM * # * * An hour before sunset, ' Uncle Holly ' came back to Beechvrbod. as he left it ; sit ting, jovial and smiling, beside Mr. Baixd, and behind Lady lane, whose praises he intermingled with eulogies of the stock farm. Throughout the dinner hour, and late that night, in the seclusion of his own room, b.e examined minutely, and gloated over, the amethyst button, with its tiny, glittering diamond sparks. He waB thus engaged when he heard at his door — before which he, habitu ally now kept a tall screen, ex cept when he looked for a late visit from the doctor— a soft scratching noise, such as might have been produced by a verj young and timid mouse. ~'r-' Opening the door noiselessly, ne sa\?t: Doctor Ware without, in ? jacket and lisfc slippers, and by a sign was bidden to come out and follow him. 'y ' She is going up the stairs,' he breatheq, in Murtagh' s ear, and the door was softly placed ajar, and the two men moved in Indian file, and with Indian stealth, to ward the stairway leading to the mansard, ...' The stair -was enclosed, and they could see nothing until they had reached the foot ; but here they paused and drew' back, each with a quick catching of the ; breath. Half way up the flight, Sarita, in, a long, loose gown of some pale grey stuff, was gliding upward., 'slowly and stealthily, ?with her head turned as if fearimr observa tion ; but her eyes were set and staring, and Dr. Felix knew upon the instant that she -was beyond doubt asleep. She carried in her hand a common candle, and, whsn she had reached the top stair, she put it down upon the landing, and again seemed to listen. After a little she put her hand upon the door and tried to open it, and when it resisted her efforts she waited a moment, standing with an ear cloee to the panel. Then, very softly, she rapped, one — two— three raps, soft but distinct, and at least a full half minute apart. There was* another moment of waiting, and tben, -with a sound like a sigh, she turned and seated herself upon the upper stair, pushing her candle back into the darkest corner at the same time. Then the two watchers exchanged in quiring glances, and withdrew a few eteps down the halL ' Did you know that door was locked f ' whispered Murtagh. ' Yes ; I asked Mrs, Merton about the k«ys to-day while you were gone. I told her to lock the attic door, suggesting, as a reason, the tendency of somnambulists to go aloft, and expressing a fear that the woman, should sne do so, might expose herself to & severe cold in that big garret. Of course, as you very wisely suggested, I prefaced all this by telling her that in order to study her symptoms more closely I mean to leave her door open some night, and to watch her movements in order ths better to understand her case.' ' I see ; how long will she be likely to stay up here ?' . « Depends entirely upon her former habits. Evidently she has waited up there, at some time, until someone chose to admit her ; she may sit there an hour or even more. Wait, 1'il take a look.' He was back in a moment with his report. «? She is leaning against the wall with h«»r ear toward the panel of the door listen ing.. She'll not move just yet.' ' Then wait here a moment^' whispered Murtagh, and he slipped down the hall and around the corner leading toward the newer wing. In a short time he was back again. ' It's all riiht,' ho whispered j ?? the door is not locked.' Ten minutes passed, then twenty, and then, a few minutes later, the doctor, going to reconnoitre at the foot of tne stair way, oame hastily back and motioned his companion to Btand aside. A moment later Sarita passed them; she was -walking slowly and with head a little advanced as if listening. She had aban doned her candle, leaving it, as they after wards found it, upon the stairs. Slowly she made her way towards the front, until she had 'reached the corner, and here she paused 'with her face in the direction or the room occupied by the youn - men of the house. Then she turned and went, with a somewhat faster move ment, around the corner, down the main hall, and straight on, until she reached the door of the room that had been Lyeander Deering's own. Hera she patwed and went through the pantomime of look ing cautiously around, trying the door, and carefully opening it, and all with eyes set and unseeing. The room, or suite of rooms, which had been Ly sander Daering's, had been kept, since his death— indeed, since he was car-' ried tenderly in strong arms out of them and into the secluded and airy north-east chamber where his last sigh was drawn — in the most exquisite Order, and swept- and garnished daily as if the master might at any moment re-enter and take possession again. In the alcove dressing-room the toilet tables bore their accustomed assort ment of brushes, combs, flasks, razor cases, and the other various paraphernalia of a gentleman's toilets and in the bedroom the curtains were partially drawn, an easy chair stood in its usual position before the fireplace, with the master's dressing-gown thrown across its back, and a pair of silk lined slippers upbn the hearth, while upon the little stand, drawn close by the bed's head, stood a dainty water set, a night lamp, a bible and prayer-book, both bear ing eions of long and familar use, and in a slender crystal vase cloBe beside them, a cluster of creamy xoseB newly gathered that morning, and placed there, as -was her daily habit, by Brenda Deering. Into thiB room -went Sarita slowly and as silently as any ghost : juBt across the threshold she paused, turned ier head from side to side, and then, with quick, long, sliding steps, crossed the alcove and entered there. . - Murtagh put Me lip's to his Companion's ear: 'We can't eee from here,' he breathed; '.are. we safe to follow her $' The doctor nodded, and whispered back : ' Unless she wakes.*' 'We must risk it.' They glided in 'through the still open door, and flattened themselves against the wall in a niche, just big enough to hold them and ? formed -by a jutting cabinet, and the corner of the room nearest the fire-place, where they could see the interior of the alcove. They had hardly placed themselves when the sleep- walker came out, moving like one no longer su&plcidut; or in doubt. (TO SB CONriNOKC.) 