THE WIDE WORLD. The tallest building in Stockholm is the* , huge iron lattica-work tower of the oental ■ telephone depot. Myriads ot wires ran from a it, darkening the air. Everyone in Sweden nses the telephone, and nses it, moreover, J very much. In the boarding houses of the * Swedish capital the most significant feature ) in the routine is its never-ending telephonic babble. When a correspondent of the*‘Com : hill,” who was staying at one of these | establishments, awoke in the morning it was : to hear the jingle of the bells in the corridor ; outside his room and the iteration of the word “hvad” (what 5) One [morning he asked ; the landlord, who was at the machine, ' what it all meant. His wife, he ' replied, was buying some stores, and was telling him about them and | their prices, and he, on his part, was shouting back to tell her in which particulars i the prices seemed reasonable and in which unreasonable. Another day the writer’s [ landlord went for a sledge drive into the , country. When he had been gone , two hours the telephone began to be annoying, and his wife stayed at it a long time crying “ Oh! ” and “Ah!” and “yea” and “no.” “It is t monsieur,” explained a young lady who hap pened to he standing by. “ He is resting \- for dinner at-, and is informing madams about the incidents of his excursion and the _ details of the meal that is being prepared foe 9 Not even a Westminster election, memor } able as the eleotions for that oity have t been, is better remembered than that of \- 1784, in whieh Fox, The Man of the ! People, was opposed by Sir Ceoil Wray. 1 “ There were 20,000 votes, according to the | authors of Queens of Society, to be polled. [ and the opposing parties resort d to any ■ means of intimidation or violence or per ; Buasion which political enthusiasm conld : snggest. On the eighth day the poll was } against the popular member, and he called . upon his friends to make a great effort on i his behalf. It was then that the ‘ladies’ canvass’ began. Lady Dunoannon, the Daohess of Devonshire, Mrs Crewe and MrsDamer dressed themselves in blue and buff—the colors of the American Indepen dents, which Fox had adopted and wore in the house of Commons—and set ont to visit the purlieus of Westminster. Here in their enthnsiasm they shook the dirty hands of honest workmen, expressed the greatest in terest in their wives and families, and even, as in the case of Duchess of De vonshire, submitted their fair cheeks to bo kissed by the possessors of votes. At the hutoher's shop the owner, m his apron and sleeves, stoutly refused his vote except on one condition—1 Would her Graoe give him m kiss?’ The request was granted, and the vote thus purohased went to swell the majority which finally secured the return of ‘The Man of the People.’ ” The last number of the “ Vladivostock,” a. newspaper published in Eastern Siberia, reveals a terrible state of affairs among the convicts on the island of Saghalien. It woold appear that the convicts there have been treated by some of the subordinate prison authorities so harshly that the Governor of the island has been obliged to interfere for their protection. A warder named IChanoff and some of his assist ants, who at one time were convicts themselves and had been raised to the rank of gaolers, have been removed from their posts. KhanofFa treatment of his prisoners was so abominable that a number of them crippled themselves of set purpose, cutting off lingers and toes in order _. fa) _ be _ treated as invalids, and to be freed from f his terrible cruelties. Others fled to the im penetrable forests, where they sufiered I all the horrors of hunger. In a satchel belonging to a fugitive eonviot, who had been hunted down, was found some pieees of human flesh. Investigation revealed that this man had been one of a party of four, and that only one of them now remained. The others had been killed and devored by their comrades. Similar cases of cannibalism are, according to the Siberian journal, not nfrequent. A writer in an English paper gives an amnsing, bnt, I fear, unveracioua account of a performance of “Hamlet,” whioh took place in Melbourne as far back as. 1S52. The moody Dane, acoording to this piece of stage romanoe, was understanded nob of the pioneers of the early fifties. “The andience treated the whole scene with good hnmored fan. One was so impressed by the king that he handed the stage monarch a bottle of brandy by the thong of a stock whip from the gallery. The third act was transformed into a most amnsing colloquy between the gravedigger and the gold, diggers from Eaglehawk, made up of natural enquiries about the depth of sinking and the return per tub, whieh bo tickled Hamlet that he gave up the soliloquy and joined in the joking. Ultimately, Hamlet, Ophelia and the Ghost, in undress, were obliged to appear before the footlights to hear a pelting shower of nuggets as a substitute for bouquets.” This is, undoubtedly, very amusing, but scaroely credible. I suspect the explanation is that the perform ance was so infernally bad that the people threw pieces of quartz at the actors, who thereupon went away to the nearest publio hoose, and boasted that they hadhad nuggets thrown to them. Those old diggers were not the men to lavish a “ pelting shower of nuggets” upon manglers of Shakespeare. Hag Ahmet- el-Assal, a pilgrim lately re turned from the Mecca pilgrimago, has been narrating the terrible experiences of his party to the editor of a native Egyptian paper called the “ Mokattam. The pilgrim, whose respectability is 1 vouched for, we are told, by aa Egyptian Sheik who is greatly respected in Cairo, declares that on returning from Mecoa the “Eafilat ” or detachment of the caravan to whioh he belonged, and whieh was com posed of about 700 camels, left Bir-Said at daybreak and halted at sunset at the foot of a mountain, on the road to Yam bo. A few minutes after arriv ing there, the Rafilat, composed of men, women, and children, found themselves sur rounded by Bedouins of the desert, who at tacked them with the utmost savagery, slay ing and maiming the men of the party. The hot, dry sand was wet with blood. Some of the women, after being robbed of their clothes and valuables, were left to their fate ; the younger and better looking ones were carried off as Blaves. With great difficulty the narrator of these facts escaped with his life. The poor pil grims so cruelly outraged had actually paid six piastres each and twenty piastres each for their camels to the Governor of Medina, to seoure his protection against the Bedouins. The conclusion drawn by the Egyptian paper is that the Ottoman Govern I ment is not really master of Arabia, bnt that it leaves the Sheiks absolutety free to rob and. I plunder, provided they profess a nominal | allegiance. 