INVESTIGATION. "Did'st ever hear that sin and death, Sweet hallelujah maiden, Were often found in Cupid's breath And in sweet kisses laden ?" SALVATION. " I may have heard that story told, But fear ne'er penetrated This breast; I'm saved; 'gainst all sin bold I am innoculated." OSCULATION. The hint was broad enough for him Who questioned her and waited ; He raised the maiden's bonnet brim And then—they osculated ! Pastor—" Oh, my friend, why don't you east your bread on the waters?" "No good, unless I attached a buoy— my wife makes it." Miss Wagner—" Give me a nice, big Bologna sausage, Mr. Cutlets." Mr, Cutlets—" Shall I send it home for you?" Miss Wagner—"Oh, no ; I'll just take it along in my music roll." Mrs. Timothy Seed—"Where's Lizzie ?" Miss Gaskett—" I just left her in the arms of Morpheus." Mrs. Timothy Seed (scandalized)—" What! and she engaged to Joe Pender! Show me where she is this minute !" A colonel of a regiment was relating to a party of ladies and gentlemen how when in India he had to be his own Colonel, his own Major, his own Lieutenant, and— " Your own trumpeter," remarked one of the ladies present. She was pretty. And she was standing behind the pay counter at a city restaurant. We had a table close by ; and we noticed how she deftly turned the pleasantries of the young men into little conversational darts and planted them to tickle or sting in their foolish bosoms. " Gets a little exhausting sometimes, doesn't it ?" we remarked. " Oh, it all comes in the day's work ; but I'm not paid extra for it," she replied. " You see, there are over six hundred lunching here every day. And about a third stop and say something while they pay. Luckily, its generally the same thing, so the same reply will do. I reckon I make the same retort and put on the same smile about 1,200 times a week. There are two wrinkles coming on either side of my mouth." And she touched the place with her finger. We said something appropriate. " I daresay," she continued, " if I were less—pretty, they wouldn't talk so much. Only, you see "—and she cast her eyes modestly on the till—" I'm not " The Rev. Rosy Babbleton—"And now, children, which of you can tell me the names of the three largest diamonds in the world ? Ah, Johnny. Speak up, my man." Johnny (full of recent Christmas experiences)—" Ace, queen, and king." An Irish Lady—" Good morning, Mrs. Berry. Where are you going ?" Mrs. B.—" Going to place a wreath of flowers on the grave of my husband." The Hibernian One—" Only one? Why, you have buried three hus- bands." Mrs. B.—" To be sure, my dear; but they are all in one grave." Scene, King William Street — " What! back from New Zealand, Major, so soon?" "Yes, couldn't stand it." " What, couldn't get on with the waters ?" " Water be dashed, sir ; it was the whisky I couldn't stand." A certain gentleman who shall be nameless had been out all night, but got home early in the morning. The wife of his heart, with fire in her eye, greeted him at the head of the stairs. " Dum vivimus, vivamus," he defiantly murmured in a forgotten tongue. But she witheringly observed, " Of course, but oh, what a difference in the morning!" Curate—" I did not see you at church last Sunday, Mr. Kaufdrop!" Carl—" I had von coldt. 'Ze ghost vos willink, but ze meat vos feeble." 