HORTICULTURAL. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. " BortM in Crhe."—1. Pure coal mains are no anb Mitute tor aood ashes; they poswm m taliUui properties worth naming. S. fcebirf poppies tn perfectly hardy. Gov at om in tb* open pound A Base-pruning bss bees referred to in several at oar recent twee. AH ty-fadd perpetnih should hare beat penned by she end of last month. Hybrid Ctaaas may be prated mt once il desired. Sane nf these Wu bwn, many gumma wHj mm the a parttaBy. Sat ma Mooaa Ms, tbs AhS bearing then are ent bade to bat above tb# bottom bad, or the next bod aba** it d tbs amid be etnas. If the bosb«< bare pon unshapely ttty dmB be pruned accordingly ; any very weak «-ood should be cot oat. " tadam'-lbi supposed seeds are dead and ahriveBed scale Insects named MooqpWeboa. ** OnML"—Tonr natfre nitUd taPtenagfleecabra. •* A.M.K.**—Yonr eapeiieuueb not oMwanwt The aeed (ran eerteln of those trees is infertile. In fence ear very shaBaar. Seed that has fallen awrofat the shoots of edwr ideate often vest Leaveshaay have (aDen than and have afforded the needful conditions. We do not aarume tbat deep losing was lite can* of roar seed not framing. The csnee cm doubtless infertifity. " Sera Sed Serio."—The inrention has not yet oozne and er oar notice. '* Potatoe#."—'Xbe two potatoes ace not Ctmnghr marked specimens. Ho. I most resembles Van paid, bat specimen very like it nay be foand fa Early Bom. fio. 2 is perhaps intended lor Ver mont; it i« not a pronounced aprriispa. " Subscriber."—Th« interiors of all RTeeohonses are painted white. Any whitewash would coon be re moved by (he frequent syringings. Bose-cuttano, Ac.—" W."—Outlines of Teas and Hybrid Chinas may succeed. if planted now, hut for hybrid perpetual* the season la almost too far advanced; few anil strike at thai time in the open pound. "White AnU."—A friend at Mr. French, the Govern ment entomologist, raiding in the Mosthetn Territory of South Australia, where white ante are very destructive, has arrittou hint as tallows:— " I dflute arsenic and potash in water, then take sugar and flour, and make into a paste. Wherever I we the white anU I make a hole, and place in it A spoonful of the paste. The father ant takes it readily ami dies, the toot afieetiouately eat him and they die. Their mother red sisters devour them, and all give op the ghost, and so destruction goes on." Mr. French writes:—"I have heard of this plan before, but as I hate never tried it 1 know little about it. The white ants in the northern parte of Victoria are terrors, so that anything we can get bold of to destroy them will be acceptable to growers." These experiences bare been repeatedly stated in oar own and they apply IK* only to white ants, hut to the common black ones and others Our plan consists of grinding arsenic to an impalpable powder, sad mixing thoroughly Pith hooey, or, falltot that, vit£ trearfe. <w with wgar dfeNhned la very little water.; The ants that eat it first are in (am eaten bj mates thebaic Is gone. ' Oare it met put the poisoo where nothing else can get it. "tiaphos"—1. li you have s g,■ i' " — f-nmt. n® as is uwd for a hotbed, you war plant cut dogs ioAPat—plactog them dM awMMtitiie ride 2fSfipUttpwdy soil andoover with shell Ah^bottomheat, aoohaa alight hotbed wdtfd^a®onl, would Urigp ad tan tya< -f^ytw^vc onlyj , „ wll or fence, and cover with a bell pari. jfepahayra plant in the ground vou may teadilyppgULgmfelry layering. Daphnes or shortened tolwltoMfcaapitha rhtot bashviad —it to stoat theApn Tadiot wraather. the growing " 9. MaxaneB*—Beeetvo£| 