SUNDAY IN THE "DITCH." UST as your old and rcspected friend named Thomas gets called " Tom," or your dear ol!] and familiar crony Elizabeth becomes " Lizzy " or even "Liz," so do the inhabitants and frequenters of certain parts of Shoreditch speak of it as the Ditch. The Ditch extends even to Bethnal Green. There are various approaches to it. You mnay take the turning by the Shoreditch Railway Sthtion, which is Sclater-street; or a more direct?route is to take Church-strcot for it, and keep along until you arrive at Club-row, going thence to Hare-street and Brick-lane, and then you are in the Ditch up to your very ears. It is nothing of a )ilch on wo"k days-comparatively spea!i rig,that, is. From Monday to Saturday it is?is sluhgish a place as can well be imagined. A dreary, s-tag nant pool, swarming with fish, but all so lean, and so bent on hunting up and down for the wherewithal to keep body and soul together, thart so much hilarity and cheer fulness of disposition as may be evicedeven by the wagging of a tail, is on a week day seldom or never seen there. A mlurderoin; ioeality for trades that employ women aund children, a den of the dirtie.st and worst paid drudgery for male labourers. But it is not all work. Every Sunday throughout the live-long day there is held in the Ditch a sort of market fair, which is attended by hunilreds and thousands. Winged creatures ar'e the staple of tile said mnirket. It is not too much to say that, excepting the dodo and tihe golden e:gle, the bustrard, and a few.others of the nrter sort, there is not a bird which may not be bought in the ditch.on a Sunday imorning. Long before the church bells begin- to ring orut, frorm every direction tile imarrket-folks begin to arrive; and by the time tIhe Iells have ceased their pious invitation, ]lIroie-st reelt rnd all the adjacent, streets Aire crarumed full. It is a marvellous spectacle. Fowls of tihe fairmyard are carried about in a manier th? t., supposing them to be fresh from tioe country, mu?st astonish them indeed. Here mr man elbows his way tlhrough the crowd with his hands apparently buried in hii pockets, bawliing out in the voice of one who lis just discovered at raging fire, and is ranxious to be the first to raise the alarm; " Who:ll buy a lduck ? who'll buy rt pair on 'ers ?" You take hin for an agent to a duck-demler, who is ready to show you ivwere the birds are should you express a desire to purchase ; but some one touches him on tie shoulder and inquires, "'Ow. mnch?" And, le ! in an instant he whips a brace of Aylesburys fr'om his coat-tail pocket, where he had been holding them by their necks. Other indivi duals jostle and squeeze past each otiher, with bantams hugged to their bosoms, and with live Dorkings and Spaniards dangling head downwards, and carried by the legs, in which apoplectic position they emit horrible sounds' and grow alarmnngly red iii the gills ; while geese in baskets poised on the heads of boys cackle with fright as they come into collision witlh pigeons in boxes on tile heads of other boys. Talk of pigeons ! In Hiare-street, on a Sunday morning, there must be thouslads of them. Every house-roof is surmou,.nted by its dormer, and it least one person in every live that go to make up that great crowd has a " turbib " or a "'dragon:' to dispose of, or some that he has just purchalsed.. There is a story told of the first English Iark that was carried to the gold diggingl at the time when the first ugly rush had been made to the auriferous region, antd morality was at a low ebb among the gentry of the pick and. cradle, how the heavenly music of the little songster drew the rough fellows from all parts to hear it, and on Sunday m?ornuing .they might be seen in scores, lying about in the vicinity of the shanty, again-t the wall of which the lark hang, dreamily smoking their pipes as they listened to its sermon the text of which was Home. In the l)itcl pigeon Worship prevails. Coming round the corner I observed, to my amazement, a group of at least thirty men and lads, each with his grimy visage turned skyward, and with eyes that twinkled in ecstasy. Hands, too, were raised and clapped together, as is the way with these vulgar folk when they are pleasure-stricken. What could have happened thus to enchant them? It could not be the good words of the street preacher; he was too far away to be audible. But presently the mystery.was explained. " Whw-w-w-w ?" whistled a youth; "here they is again--Bli'my ! there's a flight for yer !" a sentiment in which the others agreed, as they too stuck their fingers in their mouths, and blew a blast of admiration. It was a flight of pigeons wheeling and elegantly deporting themnselves above the chimney-pots. But the chief attractiofi of the Haro-street Sunday market lies in its song birds, and herein lies one of the most inexplicable mysteries that marks human nature. \Vhat natural affinity can possibly be traced between the innocent little caroller of.the leafy woods and the alley-bred, heavy jowled, grimy biped who is here discovered paying homage to its sweet notes, and swearing hideous oaths in support of his assertion that there .is nothing in the world he has so much admiration for? Master Muggins's adoration of the sublime and beautiful is not universal. ..Setting aside his "fancy" for song birds, if young Muggins chose conscientiously to reply to the question-What is the 'sunmmit, the extreme tip-top of earthly bliss?. he would say : " Unlimited beer in a tap-room." If he were compelled to state what was his highest ambition, he would prob ably be embarrassed to decido whether it was the untrammelled ownership of a donkey andti barrow, or pos session of that wondrous skill that enables men to " floor," at a single throw with a ball, nine "pins " of wood stuck up in a skittle alley. Just fancy, then, Master Aluggind making love to a linnet !-hanging longingly about the cage in which it is imprisoned, and marked "ninepence"; manfully offering seven pence, " every precious oatl' ve got in. the precious world bless my precious eyes if it ain't !"-only it is impossible to reproduce the earnestness with which the fruitless bid was made, or indeed give the expressive word for which " pecious" is here substituted. It is quite touching to observe the manner in which Mluggins :emoves his dirty short pipe from his dirtier mouth to chirrup fondly to the little bird that might. have fondly nestled in his bosom but for that other base twopence. It is only when one more closely scrmutimnises bluggins's bosom, and then reflects on that pure and exquisitely clean little nest of moss in which the linnet recently iiestled, .that one ceases to feel very sorry for the young fellow's disappointment. And Master Muggins is -but a type of hundreds of thousands who crowd the Ditch on the Sabbath morn while the church bells are ringing. 'T'here is not a birdthat sings whichl is not represented in this wonderful nmarket. Chafiinches,goldflnches, bullfinches, blackbirds, thrushes, starlings -there they hang in their shabby prisons outside the shops of the bird-fanciers in broad rows, and stacked ini solid stacks in each shop's interior. There were larks-thousands of larks many of thenm familiar with bondage,who,in the midst of the clamour and clatter, raised their wonderful voices as though mercifully bcut on drowmming the b'asphcmout Babel of unman tongues, or at least on muingling wits a their sweet song to blunt the sting of tih ifence as it ascended heavenwards. IUirud bds of other larks, crazy with fright, we: ,eating their bodies against. tile iro ars. 'What a terrible mockery mns ,hat six square inches of turf be in th sight of tiht wronged crcature which every morning sprang from tihe dewy glass :owards heaven to see tile sun rise? A shabby half shovelfull of sickly gre;en fur the bold bird that all his life has owned as many broad acres as his keen eyes could look down on at a half mile's height. No wonder that his fevered feet spurned it scornfully, or that in dumb agony he cranes his neck and tosses his head, as though, despite his two days' incarceration, he wore still incredulous that such a change could be. But this is a sentimental view of the matterl, and one which a bird-catcher cannot afford to indulge. "\VWho'll buy a lark ? Who'll buy a finch? Wh'o'll buy a battling finch'? W\ho wants a finchli wot'll ' peg' or sing 'gian tny thinrg as ever piped atween wood and wire?" Rare qualities these to be embodied in one small chnflineh ; and so it seemed, jutlging from tihe crowd that at once surrounded the individual,. who clambered up on to a window-sill, and made this last-mentioned proposition The gifted chaffinch was not much to look at. It was housed in a rusty old cage, which was tird in a ragged pocket-hand kerchief. The man tore a little hole in the handkerchief bigger, and reveale:l his trea sure-a runt-tailed, partly bald-headed, dissipated-looking wretch of a bird as ever one clapped eyes on. " I'll take ten bob tor him, andl Ire's wortli twice as nrch,"' bawled his owner, proudly. "I've had him out a-pegging "-a way of catching chrllirrches W'itb a decoy-"'an u I've srutrg firm ail in both Kent rand Surrey birds, both kiss-rme dear and chuck-wee-do's, and Ire was rneer licke I yet. I'd a rung his -- neck if he had bean. There munst be no two ways about a bird that I keepl-yer knrvwsm ,e some of yer ?" Several persons in the crowd seemed to know him very well, but I did not o'rserve that they availed themselves of tit, adlvantlage to eagerly embrace the rlep'erdlid olipportunity he ollired therm; and tle dlisrepultable-lokillng finch was finally so'd, :unid much svearitng :andl-ctrsirg, for (is. And so trhe fun of t!he fair was m:sintairned -the police, of whom there were were ever:l in attendalnce, only inter fering when words ran dang.rourly higrih, or the mob!- thickened inrconveniently at one ipoot-. It must not. be supposed, Ihowever, that all this is allowed to go on without the opposi tion of those whose laudible determination it is to thwart Satan wherever they happen to meet him. Nay, of. late it appears as though these highwill' heroes of the modern (:ru?sade were not content with such promiscuous cncounters.. They hire plucked up even more courage than of yore, and now boldly track the foe to his strougholl, and tell him to his face what they' thinik of him, in terms so undis guised that were he not1, despite hi:s horns and hoofs, an indilfferent, good-humoured sort of imp, lhe might turn about and retaliate. Perhaps there is not anythling desleraltely perilous in the business, but the fran desatc lesperltion with which those engaged set about, the mission makes it appear so. I had a fair opportunity of observing the process from the very beginning. At. the corner of a wildish street there was an iindividtial, of repulsive a pect-, offering for s.le the last.published numIber of ai delect able illustrated publication, and holding forth, with at degree of warmthl that should have earned him three months at tile tread mill, on tile spirited illustrations with which that literary venture is adorned. Here was a foelan worthy of their steel, and the street. prlleachers ldvanced with a firm step0 ait a rapid pace, within six yards of the man who was shouting, " \\\ho'll have another spicy 'nn 111? Beauty hunadorned for a penny !" Ti:e standard-bearer halted and planted his standard tirmly between the cobblestones. It was eight feet Ihigh a.leat, tile mnterial bleinlg japanned table-covering, aId lon it was inslcribetl an appropriate scriptural motto. Thile preaching force was not stronlg. It con sisted indeed of the custodian of tile banner, a preaclher. and a pterson with some books, who 1had chalLrg of the preacher'.s h:at. One would have thought that, under the circum stances, gentle remonstrancee and p el'ruasion would havIle been the method adopted by the well-meaning pastor of the highway; but to my lamazement le lfected tile opplIosite extreme. He lost not a moment in chilly shally, but seized Satan by the horns at once, and commenced abusing him in a tonle and at a rate which must at once have con viucerd the Evil One that he was now in the hands of a plerson who not only had no dread of him, but was hot and e nger to rouse him to fury, and then give him battle to the (leath. Thile preacher was short, thick-set man, with short Crop)ped hair, and no :!irt collar, andhis coat wal s buttolned over his -breast. 1His gestures ,were Iprodigiously cnergetic, and tile conseqtuence was th:t before he had Ireached tell minutes lhe had worked his wrists well through his coat cuffs- wrists of a1 size that matched well with his polderous lists, which, except when enl.gaged with the prayer-book, were tightly clenched. Evi (lently lhe was by no me:ins new to tile good work, and cxperience had taught him the most, profitable mannler of performlilg it; but to one unaccustomed to this way of con voyingL to the incredulous and un1believing the meek and pacific doctrines of Christ, the spectacle was startling. He was not long in1 disposing of the illustrated-paper man, at all events. The latt -r, after a volley or two of the choicest Billingsgate, finding that his audlience thinned, dismounted from his stool, aniid beat a retreat, which was the means of securing to-the preacher quite a numerous congregation. It was little short of marvellous how those about him bore the stillilng castigatiou he administered, and the hard terms lhe applied to them. They werepoor purblind fools not to see tile advantages of religion ; they were robbers, insomuch as they filched the :lay of rest, and turned it to their own vile pur poses; tlhey were cowards, for they were afraid of or'ending the. devil. I don't say that as a rule tile hundred or so that gathlered about were deeply impressed, or that any listener's pipe was put out or his appetite spoiled for the nuts or winkles on which he happened to be enlgaged when 1he strolled ul). But this much may be said, and it is not a little -not one of that rough and unccuthl assembly opened his month in sueering or iln wrath ; not, one raised Iris hand to ward off or resent the severe pum ml!ling of which he was metaphorically tie victim. From this point of view thile preacher of the street may lay claim to haling achieved a victory, anld he has my very best wishes. The instance above recited was not the only one furnished by Hare-street, showinr the courageous determination of a worthy, and 1 am afraid, ill-requited few, to win the Sabbath breaker from his wicked ways. About mildway in this street of evil repute there is what once was a shabby little nmusic hall, attached to au uninviting-lookillng low public-house, known as the "Apollo." For some reason or other the " Apollo " has lost its liceCnse; but, so falr as outward experience goes, it is st-ill 1 public-holuse. There are legIends of " co:dial gin " and "line vatted rum " still to be read, and the ipublican's Ilname still adorns the plortall; the doors, battered and greased by ldrunkell shoulders, were half 1pen, Iand only for one unusual feature tie )laeo mIllight, still lhave beenl an oi-dilnary i-ublic-house of tihe slums, doing a bit of sly busines, onl a Sunllday Illorning. Thile usual feature was a written Ilacard on the door-post, announcing tlht Mrs. Someonlle of Liverpool would pre'ch in thile all tlhalt mlorning; ald even ls I read, there came froml thile tear of tle lIrelmists ~lhe sweet sound of voices uniting in a hlymln. I went in, pas~t the bar that was ruinous, past the parlour in which Hare-street heroes were wont to roar their praises of brown beer, but in whichl now timhe hats and cloaks and umbrellas of the pious congregation found temporary hIrbourage. The hall itself--the mlusic hall--presenllted a striking spectacle. It was never adapted for a day light congregation, and, broad, sunllny noon as it wats three or fourt of the fla?slily little chandcliers overhead were lit, thle sicl. unreasonable gas illuminating in ghost.l fashion the cobwebs and grime in which tfh !isused glass penlants were enveloped 'here were the narrow seats and th .:dges in front, just as they were last ringer .n1: smcared by the gin-a:ld-water an. :al f-and-half measures, but on them prayec nmd hymn books now rested. On the stage, still looked down on by tw. hloreditclh rupids, was a table-the very table, probably, which th-it excellent, delineator of Negro eccentrieiti's, " Pump kin Squash," in the rattling old times when the "Apollo" wc- the " Apollo," used to whack with his umbrella during his far famed stump-oration. At this very table, now decently covered with baize, andt supported by three or four of her male admirers, was the highly respectable lady alluded to iin the placard, holding forth with no small degree of elotluence, and with her benevolent heart, earnest in the hard work before her. I am sorry to tell, however, that the con gregation was not numerous. The heathen of the l)itch is shy of any kind of enclosure. If you wish to tackle him you must tackle him just where yoo may happen to find him, and take your chance of his pausing to listen. You have not that claim on his attention which you would have if you invited him to your pIlace of worship, and he accepted the invitation. You are both, in his opinion, on an equally free and indepen dent footing; and he would no more thlink of questioning your right to preach eat the street corner ngainst- vice, than he would tolerate your interference with Iis d?lily occuluatiotn, which is the bawling of " rabbit skin- ;" which undoutedly is a condition of things- much more faivourable to the brave desigtns of the preacher than if the said heat':en were as blindlyl brutal as his spiritual aggressor is blunt and :plain -1tooken. bytlhe time I quitted the "Apollo" it was one o'clock, and the public-houses were open, which of course accounted for the strcets being comlparatively clear. 