life Iforttidfett* 6 « 6 I Weapons of lystery, CHAPTER XL BAKK. DUEAMH AND NIGHT SHADOWS. Across the pond in the near distance loomed the dark fir trees. No sound broke the stillness of the night. Tho ?wind had gone to re3t, the moon shone dimly from behind the misty clouds. I stood alone. Each minute my surroundings became more real. I recognised more clearly the objects which had struck me during my hrBt visit, while the stories wnicn nao. been told came back to me with terrible distinctness. I remembered how it had been said that the pond had no bottom, and it was haunted by the spirits of those that had been murdered. The story of its evil influence came back to me, and in my bewildered condition I wondered whether there was not some truth in what had been said. What was that ? The waters moved ; distinctly moved to where I stood, and from their dark depths something appeared: — I could not at first tell what. What could it be ? A monster of frightful mien 1 the ghost of some murdered man or woman ? I could have believed in either just then. It was neither. What then ? A human hand, large and shapely, appeared distinctly on the surface of the pond. Nothing more, not even the wrist to which it might be attached. It did not beckon, or indeed move at all ; II WB3 US mill US LUU UUJL1U UJ. ucuuil. I stood motionless and watched, while the outline of the hand became more clear ; then I gave an awful shudder. The hand was red. I gave a shriek, and for a time re membered nothing more. I awoke to consciousness, fighting. At first it seemed as if I was fighting with a phantom, but gradually my op ponent became more real to me. It was Kaffar. I had only a dim hazy idea of what I was doing, except that I sought to wrest from his hand a knile. We clutched each' other savagely, and wrestled there on the edge of the pond. Weights seemed to hang upon my limbs, but I felt the stronger of the two. Gradually I knew I was mastering him — then all was blank. A sound of voices. A flash of light. A feeling of freedom, and I was awake ! Where? Still by Drearwater Pond. Wo phan toms, no shadow, nothing unreal, save . the memory of that which I have but ' dimly described. That was but as a terrible nightmare — an awful dream. Where was Kaffar ? I could not tell. Certainly he was not near ; but two other forms stood by me, one bearing a lantern. ; ' Is it you, Justin ?' said a voice. ; : '.It is I, Tom,' I said, looking vac antly around. , ' And where is Kaffar?' said another voice,' which I recognised as Voltaire's. ' Kaffar ? I — I do not know.' ' But you have been together.' ? Have we ? I said vacantly. ? You knew you have. What is that in your hand ?' I had scarcely known what I had been saying or doing up to this time, but as ' he spoke I looked at my hand. In the light of the moon I saw a knifexed with blood, and my hand, too, was also discoloured. ' What does this mean ?' cried Vol taire. ' I do not know. I am dazed — be- wildered.' ? But that is Kaffar's knife. I know he 'had it .this very evening. Where is Kaffar now ?' 4 Is it true ?' I remember saying. 4 Have wo been together ?' ' That's his knife, at any rate. And what is this?' Voltaire picked up something from the ground and looked at it. ' Kaffar's,' he said. 'Look, Mr. Blake ; do you recognize this ?' I looked and saw a finely worked neck ?loth, on which was written in Arabic characters tho words ' Aba Wady Kaf far.' It had every appearance of being soiled by severe wrenching, and on it were spots of blood. My faculties wore rapidly returning to me, yet I stood as one in a dream. ? You- say, Mr. Justin Blake, that you do not know where Kaffar is, yet you hold in your hand his knife, which is red with blood. Here is his scarf, which has evidently been strained, and on it arc spots of blood, while all around are marks indicating a struggle. I say you do know what this means, and yon must tell us.' I reeled under this terrible shock. What had I done ? Could it bo that I had murdered this man. Had I '.' Had I? 4 1 do not know what it means,' I said. ? I think I am ill.' 4 Men usually are whon they have done what vou have,' he said. 4 Why, what havo I done ?' I said, in a dozed kind of way. ' Done !' ho repeated. ' You know best about that, in spite of the part you play, Nevertheless, Kaffar has not gone without leaving a friend behind him, and you will haw to show how you came by that' — pointing to tho knife, which I had dropped with a shudder ; 4 this'— holding up tho neckcloth ; ' you must explain these marks' — pointing to footmarks near tho water's edgo ; ' be sides which, you will have to produce my friend.' A terrible thought flashed into my mind. I had again been acting under tho influonco of this man's power. By some means he had made mo the slave of his will, and I had unknowingly killed Kaffar, and he, like the fiend he was, had come to sweep mo out of his road. Perchance, too, Kaffar's death might eerve him in good stead. Un doubtedly tho Egyptian know too much for Voltaire, and so I was made a tool whoroby ho could bo freed from trouble some obstacles. The idea maddened me. I would proclaim the story to every one. If I were hanged I cared not. I opened my mouth to tell Tom tho whole truth, but I could not utter a word. My tongue refused to articulate ; my power of speech left me. My position was too terrible. My overwrought nerves yielded at last. I folt my head whirling round, while streams of icy water seemed to be run ning down my legs. Then I foil down at Tom Temple's feet. For some time after that I remem bered nothing at all distinctly. I have some idea of stumbling along, with Tom on one side of mo and1 Voltaire on tho other, but no word was spoken until we came to Temple Hall. Then I heard Tom say — ' He's better now. You go into the drawing-room as if nothing had hap pened, and I'll take him .quietly up stairs to bed.' I entered the silent house like one in a dream, and weit witli Tom to my bedroom, where I undressed like a weary child, and soon sunk into a deep dream less sleep. CHAPTER XII. A MIDNIGHT CONFERENCE. Someone was knocking at the door. 4 Who's there ?' ' Tom Temple.' 1 sprang out of bed and let him in. Ho looked very grave, very worried. In stantly everything flashed through my mind in relation to our terrible meet ing the night before. 'It's 9 o'clock, Justin.' ? xes, xom, i suppose it must do, i said confusedly ; ' but I have only just awoke.' 1 1 thought I must come : I want to talk with you.' ' Thank you, Tom ; I am glad you have come.' ? How are you this morning ? Is your mind clear ? ' ? 'Fairly. Why?' 4 1 must have some conversation with you about last night. Everything is confusion. I can explain nothing.' 1 Neither can I.' He looked at me keenly and sighed. 4 Weje you with Kaffar last night after he had so abominably insulted you and left the hoase ?' 4 1 do not know.' 4 Do you know where he is now ?' 'No.' ' No idea whatever.' ' Not the slightest.' 'Justin, my friend, this looks very strange. Everything is terribly black, terribly suspicious.' I tried to tell him all I knew ; tried to tell him of my mad passion, and the scenes through which I seemed to go ; but I could not. My mind refused to think, my tongue refused to speak, when that was the subject. ' I suppose Voltaire has told everyone the circumstances of last night ?' I said at length. 'No.' 4 No one ?' (To be Continued). 