THE FUTURE OF OUR FRUITS. TITTü NORTHAM DISTRICT. [BY L-L. C.] Northam begins at one end and ends the other, and there ia a good deal of Nc tham ia between. This is a very Hibernii description, I fear, but what I really mean that Northam bas a decided tendency spread itself over the moat of surrounds creation. It oconpya an area equal ta th of A seoand class city in tho old country, ai if the gaps which are now represented 1 cultivation paddooks, are ever filled up, Nc tham will be " acme pun'kins " of a villag The railway authorities of the days that a gone, had the same kindly consideration f Northam that I remarked in my notes i Newoattle. The términos has been kept i far away from the township as possible. Th« evidently went on the prophet and tbe men tain prinoiple, and if the railway would n go to the town, the town would have togo i the railroad. The town has done its best to g to both tbe railway and Tilgarn and Kit berley and King George's Sound, and if i desire to spread ovor the face of nature not checked, the oonntry will have to bo e: larged ta hold it. However, the railway is no going on, right through the town to Southei Cross and Yilgarn, the beginning, and, I fei ia. not a few cases, the end of much ambitk And too fruitful hope. I do not think this Altogether the fault of Yilgarn, but the wai «af better communication with the fields, ar ft ibero is anything really good-and sure! ¿hero must be-the railway will bring it 1 light Bat my mission is not mining, i the tenn is generally accepted, for mineral* but mining it is in another sense, for ti treasures in the earth, which when brought 1 ¿he surface in the form ©f a vine or a frui ¿raje, will in their way rival all tbs Goloondi And Ophirs ancient and modern. # # # # # jDhere is a bustle and " get up" aboi Northam that is refreshing. Teams in an ont with wheat for the mille and stores for tl railroad, keep the place busy and dusty a Jay. New houses and stores are going n «nd the places of business already in exietenc Appear to be doing a thriving trade. Th mew railroad has, I snppose, something to d erith this« ft mnst have given au impetus t tirade; bat the general appearance of tb town, tho very substantial oharaoter of tb Wildinga, and the nativity of the people, a go to show that Northam was not '"slow eve before the railroad etarted. It has ayidentl iud an existence in fact for some time and lura an idea is going to have a still bigge «listenoe in the future. It is not a pleasin place to the eye. It is decidedly red a» .dusty and antidy and thriving. With th .exception of torie or four dear old aocaoi outside the Railway Hotel and a fei spasmodic gums higher np, planted when Mi Throssell was Mayor, there is hardly a tree t be seen in the street. The roads are wid And why do not the Mnnioipal autboritie, take some steps to ornament them with trees «nd do away with what has been alliterative!; .desoribed as a " dead level of damned dreari SMSB." The «hade of the trees wonld be mos grateful to pedestrians and would add con sáderably to the appearance of the place. I it not a very oostly matter to plant and pro toot the trees ; and there is no reason whj Hut admirable system, so long in vogue ii Amecfca, of au Arbor Day should not b< instituted here, as it has been in the otbei «colonies, feet ¿he Mnnioipal Council dig th« Stoles and .let epch schoolboy and girl pla.nl .A tree and tend.it. There are plenty of wayt «of beautifying-these red towns, end a thing fit beauty is, as we all know, a joy for ever. * * # # # There (s another matter which ts, as I write, wrought pal&fnVty; to mind. It has nothing ito do with the future of our fruits, but it bas a» lot to do with the ¿somfort of the consumers .ad .every one else. I refer to the dear .domestic house fly. I have had occasion to .Trite in the middle of a pitched battle and At other trying moments. I have never tried it, flowerer^ in the midst of a swarm of bees, bat I should imagine it could be no worae chas being surrounded, by the house fly in caillions. With me, one fly makes a lot-one mickle makes a mookie. I have -a great affection aB arnie for my meals, but J do not, I must say, oare about eating flies, and I Uko say whisky and soda occasionally, but I prefer it without a fly obbligato. It is so easy, «vit* ordinary attention, to keep flies out of A house that I wonder it is not done, con- sidering that even the man with a hide on him like a rhinoceros will occasionally re- mark, ina perfunctory and ungrammatical Jdnd of way, I admit, " jiggered if them flies «fot enough to worrit the life out of a feller." Booms kept dark when not in nee, nets over ibo windows and doors, insecticide scattered em the window sills, and fly papers about the ? coom, will get eyer the trouble and remove one of the-to me-rgreatest burdens of life on Australia. * * ..*?,* ffhejre ia another matter wjhicb wost Intimately concerns the future of our traits and that is tho very inferior .quality of the fruit offered for eale, f may say all over the colony. In Perth it is easy enough to get peaches and apricots, And pears and plums, but to get really good .amples of these fruits in condition fit for -eating is, as far as I have, have seen, out of ' «he question. I eat fruit three and four fiases a day, and BB I have to buy it all, I Am entitled to speak, I think. My excursions ibave shown that there ÍB some good fruit in fae orchards, but where does it get to P Fruit *t present is at snob a very high valne that Anything will sell;bat the day must come when the market will be more freely stocked, and then the finest varieties, ant those in the best condition, will have the pall I would just as soon eat a turnip as half tut peaches in the market now, and, really, tai same tbisg applies to all the other fruit*, in duding grapes. Most of the grapes market ed are not table varieties, they are only fit foi the fermenting vat, and many are not fit foi that. But these are the haloyon days ; any thing will sell and at good figures. One ol< lady I used to see two or three years a;o a a certain railroad station selling fruit, i» noa on a Europein teur, and there is another oh dame still very much in evidence a a well know jojucüon, and at Ker rtt*i prices the profits from the orchan oannot be less than ¿£250 per aoro. Oai does not want much more than a tboasaw acres under fruit at this rate to mata a nioi little income. But this cannot last for ever and it is the correction of all tire an I thi management of affairs in the future, so as t< prevent any serious sacrifice, that the Aeso ciations will have to look ont for. lu fruit as in everything else, the law of the snrriva of the fittest holds good, and the rabbis! that now fetches sooh ridiculously high priooi will in a few years, if it is still grown, h*v< to find its market in the hog pen. # # * # * The .only evidenoe of fruit culture J notioed between Spencer's Brook and ¡¡tr tham, though all the land along the line 01 both sides, I should say, is admirably adaptée for it-is the small plantation- of Mr Gregory, in front of his very neat and oom paot farm homestead. I had the pleasure ol being introduced to Mr. Oregory thi following day, and found him, it addition to being ene of tie firs! settlers in the district a«d colony, one of thi moBt intelligent and progressive of men This is not common. As a rn'e tbe old settler is a hard bird to fly at new game It takes; an awful lot to make him rise. Bal Mr. Gregory has been in good bands. Mr Throssell has injected some of his enthusiast! into bim, and the result is very satisfactory The young orohard and vineyard planted IMI ¿une, taking everything into consideration looks promising. The treas, Mr, Gregory tells me, had been a long time oat of tb( groaud, end were in a weak state when ht got them for planting, and that ominipreeeat and omnivorous grnb has been at tue vinas However, the result is encouraging, and witt care and thorough cultivation the o chard will snoeeed, . # # * # In this last, " thorough cultivation," lies in this district, the whola wsrat pf saooasa, Ia Mr. Throssell I found not only an enthusi- astic grower, but a thorough exponent of tbs principle of what I once beard described by an Irish groper on the other side as " al «raye sorattiu at tdie top." Mr. Throssell'* or ;hard and vineyard, IQ acr«s in all; is one of th« most encouraging eights I haye feen ;n thia or any colony. Five years ago the lan^ was in its natural state, when Mr. TnrpsealJ returned from a trip to the other side Imbue ) with the idea that he would like to gr JW some fruit. He set to work and put oat five aires of trees and vines, and eighteen mouths ago he set out another five acre3 of treei. Toe older trees and vines oonld not look batter, in f*ot they look too well ia the mat er of fruit, and I «rn Afraid that tit. Throteelf w jil realize next year that he oanno$ eat hts oake and have it. It is not wise to be too gieedy, especially with stone frnlts, and it is the greediness as much as anything that bringa about the inferiority of fruit which I have complained of above. The nectarine trees are loaded down with moBt delicious fruit ; aad I am told the aprioottreea bore wonderfully well this year too. The young trees baye made splendid growth, a growth whfoh I do np£ think could have been improved upon by irriga- tion. The cultivation of the orchard is, I haye no hesitation in saying, as nearly perfeot aB it is poBBlbls to make it. The soil is a light, friable, gravelly loam, with a porous subsoil, admirably gutted ty the growth of fruit. The surface soil is one ¿hat lends itself readily to cultivation, and Mr. Throssell is alway* "serattin" away at it, so as to break np the oapilliaries and keep the mois to.ee in the ground. The cultivation this orchard gets is almost equal to irrigation, «nd not nearly SQ costly or so dangerous in the hands of an inexperienced man. The orchard, with the exception of ono plum tree, which the red spider bas attacked, is free from blight, and the trees are healthy and visor CBS. It is tbe vigour of the trees that ba's much to do with keeping tbe blight free.' A sickly tree or vine is always mora readily attacked than a healthy one. Bat in this delightful, genial climate the spread of insect life is very rapid. Not many utiles j from Mr. Turpssell's orchard there are frees and vines badly infested with, alj sorts and I conditions of blight. It does not toke long I for these to get around, and ono« they I get into an orchard they spread wl'.h i alarming rapidity. Prevention is bett ir than cure. Mr. TbrosselPs orchard is now olean, and. I hope to hear that he is spraying in the wanter and spring, and taking every precaution $0 ore I eerve his trees from the ravages of insects. It is in this ma .ter the Associations lam endeavouring to form should be especially active and useful. If these industries are to flourish and become a souree of national wealth, they must beprotpoted-not in a fiscal sense, for in that respect they wijl always hold their own-but in the sena« that ene grower must be protested from another. The bug, in a genereric sense, must be legislated for, and the sooner the bettar. He must bs suppressed at all (nets, and to impreBB the fact I Bhonld like to quote from a very ex* collent article on "Plaut Diseases, and How to Prevent Them," by Dr. N. A. Cobb, of the New Sooth Wales Department, which appears in tb« lut Gazette. He write«t-"I hav< .never yet been able ta expresa myself forcibly eaong-b with regird to nipping these thing« in the bad. A, little prevention is wort! more than all the onres in the world. Then are very few peats indeed wbiob come with i rush-there are each, bat they are rare. Ii nearly every case tbe pest bas a {.mal beginning, and it is only after considerabli time that it grove to be a nuisance. Then ia a time ia the history of nearly all th:-s< pesta when the agriculturist oould eras! them with bia thumb and forefinger. Hov important it ia thea for bim to make himsel acquainted with theae peats beforehand, st aa to be ready to seis») npoo them while the] ara yet within his po war. I am sure than are few things that wi 1 pay him bdttei than the knowledge which will euabli him to guard his crops from in va-iona bj these insidioua robb rs." The Aaaot-i ttiom must, for the protection of their mi m be n and the industrie» generally, not stay thei hands natil ac Act is in force whiqh wil place a check on the spread of fosiot pesta The Associations mast indace the Governmen ta provida the pawer and then assist the Go vernment to carry ont the work. Now ia thi tim«, and every d ty allowei to pass make the task more difficult. Information as tx the diseases, insect aad fungoid, most pre valent, roast be obtained through the Govern m*nt ani disseminate i amongst the growers and tbi-i cao only be done through a depart meut or burean of agricultura-and this tb As eaoiation and the farmers must fight for if they know what is for their own good These Assaciatious have a big row to hoe an< a oareer of the greatest usefulness befon them. Before leaving the subject I shouU like to quote a paragraph from the -Atutra Uuian of the 4th inst., showing what t-hesi Associations can do in a commeoial direction The Ass iciation referred to ia one I formed with the assistance of two or three others some few years ago, and of wbiob I had thi honour of being the secretary for some time -" At tbe monthly meeting of the Goalburi Valley Fruit-growers' Association the mern bera derided to forward 200 boxea ef apple: a^d grapes to London daring the oort month aa trial consignments. The grapes are to bi packed in cork dust." The Association oat do this, the cost per bead per membei is very little, and the probable g*in is grea io opening np a new market; It would bi too much to expect the individual grower nn'esB he was a very wealthy mau, to under take suoh a task. Here we see the value o the Association. « . # * . Betnming to Northam, from which I hav< been wandering, it was my good fortnae U meet B-r. Dunlop, early in the morning following my arrival. The dootor first oj all, a dootor, and a very popular oip tee epparenly, and then bo is ¿be secretary ol tbe looa! agricultural society end a real liri on«. Ouo of his admirers-anl their nam« ia legion-went so far es to say that thi doctor was the sosiety, and the rast didn'4 coçnt inuoh. fudging from the manner ir which he gets aronnÇ on a day when thc thermometer un<}erthe coolest v r¿ndah Northam-and i'jsi j« uodonbtf lly the doctor's own-registers 10ft degs, f should say be bas quite enough energy to be boll ends and tbs middle of tbe agricultural or any other society. Then the doctor is e farmer and a fruit and vine grower, tbe latter only, I am sorry to say, in a purely domestio sense. On his farm, located a few ; mjUeB from Northam, he raised this season 310 aerw of* ¿fop and got a good average return for both hay ¡and wheat. { am told that the whait average for tbs whole cf this district fer the past season, as p§a£ as it possible to ascertain, is 14 bushels. ï hejfe of ene yield, Mr. Sim ViveaBh's, that ran vp to $2 bushels. The average >B fair, con- sidering |be short season and somewhat soanty average rainal* There is not muoh in growing wheat at this yield and felling it at 3s. 6d., and I knew several other things that will give a better return per eora. Bat I mnst hold on to these nutil I eui get more space and more room to talk. * * # # # The doctor arranged to sfcow me ronnd in the afternosn, and Mr, Stawart, my New- castle friend, kindly drove ma 9P to th? doctor's house after lunch. Should the Avon over take it into its eeaentrio and disconnected bead to ge On th« barst, like the Brisbane river has doae, t^e dootor will at least be able to *»t on bis verauulb «*d afb »U the rest of Northam out with a long è*18, will be the Ark, and most delightfully situated' it is on the summit of an antipodean Ararat. The doctor only grows snough fruit at present for his own domestic cansutnption, but he IB J[u¿to prepared to go in "big licks "Jif he ÍB bown the way ¿hrough. 'I reokon ha is just the " man .to show how, for he has all the atributes of a good grower bf fru.it atid vines. He ha?, in the first place, a head } apd. in the seoond, he ia quite prepare 1* to adnyt that there are lots ef things aboot hortiaulture i and viticulture he don't know and he wants to learn ; and, in the third place, fae bas enough energy to go ronnd with some to sparet and, in the fourth, he wants to make money, and he can see that in the Northam distnot the surest way of making the "almighty" is to plant it in the ground, and the most encouraging feature of the whole thing ÍB that he is not by any moans singular in thia respect. The dootor, after we had had a lo3k round his garden, hitched np ''Boomer" and took me along the Newoastle-rosd to see what are locally known as " gardens/' Going down a faciXis decorums wa encountered a buggy cushion, this we picked np and wondered how it got there. Next morning I learnt, and I mast agajn digress. « ft « « * Going down that steep hill, after Mr. Stewart had left me in the dootar'e kindly hands,tbe brake broke and th« bnggy ran down on the spirited pair. One wai an old stager and didn't care muon any way whether he was "forninet" the buggy or not, but tbe other was a youngster., and when fae felt the bars about bis hooks he jumped and took tbe old nag along with him and " lit ont," and ohain lightning was tardy by comparison. Like the falling stone-that as a boy always puzzled me to find out its increasing velocity -away tbey went down the creek and up the creek ; Mr. Stewart with the reins wrapped round his arms and pulling for dear life ; the wheels gjtng round like mad things, and duet flying as if turned up by a thousand willy-willys. Away they streaked, and the ghost of Johnny Gilpin was as nothing to the buggy's wild career. Eventually they turned into Throssell, Son and Stewart's yard and Mr. Stewart banged the whole concern into a fenoe to prevent farther damage. He got off with a big order in sore biceps, a lot more, in blisters en his hands than any one man wants who is not abnormally greedy, broken pole straps and a broken whipple bar, and about the biggest psalm of thanksgiving that there was no re- quisition on the nudertaker. Some men aro born not to be killed that way, and I am mighty glad that Mr. Stewart is one of them. * * # # « - If yon let Boomer alone and don't worry him eo that the fl es can settle on him with oat mnoh exertion, I don't suppose he will carry yon much over six miles au honr ; but if you shake him np and say nasty things, and te'l bim that it was only by a misappli- cation of the forces of nature that he ts not providing milk for the household instead of being ia the honorable position he now holds, and occasionally say tbs Frenoh for lady and the colonial for sanguinary, Boomer will pull himself together and, without any tronble to himself or anyone ebie after t'»e first fever of excitement is done with, get over from tea to fourteen miles an hour. We hired a native to talk the neoessary Frenoh and colonial, and Boomer "htout" ever a fairly good road. Every inoh of land we travelled over is ffood for vines, and it is a pity, a thousand pities, to see it a wilderness of jam and York gum, merely oarrying a few sheep. There was cultivation on the lower side of the roa3 along the banks of the Avon, and in one of the paddocks I " saw a sight" that literally made my bair get np and ask what relation it bore to the coriole of my be id. lt was not mnoh oertainly-only a plough right in the middle of a furrow. The firmer had knooked off there some months age and I gueBB he left tbe plough there so that fae will know where to start again ab -nt next May. If there is anything I de like bo see it is im- plements left ont all over /tho farm all the year round. There is nothing pays so well that is tbore is nothing that pays tho bann over-draft se well. And this pame right on top of the doctor's harness room, where yoi oonld see your faoe in every terrgtt ann buckle, and the doctor's assertion that if yog " bought a thing it ought to be worth lookink afjjer" If this is Boof harness why not ot PfOnghs Î paving along. Mr. Wilkerson's place was pojnted out jbe me by the doctor. Thjs is prettily situated across $he river, and qp it there are some very old olive trees, the dark green foliage showing prominently in the landsoape. Mr, Cook's place is delightfully situated en the bank of one of those deep, calm pools that make np the river Avon at this season of the year. Thp house is embowered in trees of all kinds and. looks refreshingly cool and snug. There are several vines' ec Jbe back of great antiquity etill bearing yer'y '%ao grapes. .TJie few fruit trees aronn4 tbe hoàsa'çre eld'and bearing too heavily. The fruit, $0Btly peaphe|,'ig of a very inferior kind, but inferior as it j? it finds a ready stile. A reoent gale of wind did considerable damage to the tree*. The vineyard on the other side of the road con« tains many' yery old vineB. It is a mixture of constantia, pedro, and pinot, muscatels, and half a score of other grapes, Borne with names and some without, Hera one sees th« folly of hiving too mroy binds of grapes. The Constantiaare over ripe and drying np into raisins fast on tbe vines. The Pedro are not hilf r<p~, and the Picot ara not reidy fop the press. There is not enough Constantia, tg make it worth while picking now i r separate treatment, and the same applies to the others, so a happy mean muet be stiuok and the result, though pot altogether satisfactory, wi'l oer. taíñlr ba M interesting o-.e. It is impossible to make good "la3 th" "fT *n£ «r; J0* fceoly eonfesses it, thoura" *. blamed* for all the mist i£es that have beeil made. I do not iüink anyone £s to bs blamed really. The vineyard was started many years ago by Mr. Cook's father. * He bad'do know- ledge of the business,' and ne means of ob- taining any information that was applicable to the colony. He bad faith, and lots of it, and went it blind. It has been a paying business, became the demand for grapes and wipp has np to tbe present been1 grater than the Bupply ; bat it is easy to see the great errors that have been made, not only in this vineyard but others, fer what I am writing now applies equally to all the other vineyards I have seen in this district. When in the near future the supply is np to the local de- mand, these vineyards will ,be worthless. Now it just amounts to this, are these mis- takes to be repeated over and over again or not ? If so, g03d-bye to grape growing and wine making aa a national industry. I say it again, and unhesitatingly, that if ever coun- try waa intended by nature to grow grape* and fruit this is the oonntry and the district I am now in has been specially favoured. The vast wealth of Ld belle Francs lies in her fruitful vineyards ; the richness of the fatora -and none dire count its wealth-of this colony lies in her vinas and fruit-trees. ***** I find here a general desire to extend the cultivation of both vines and frnit trees. . Want of knowledge is alone keeping it back. The more intelligent are becoming to realize - - the errors of their forefathers and though m anxious to extend their operations they are fearful of repeating mistakes. Where ia this knowledge to come from ? It is easy to say let them read booka, let them read papers ; but though books and papers are bath good and it wonld be but a poor world without them, they will not in tbiB case alone supply the " long felt want." As I pointed ont some little time ago in a letter to the WEST Aus TBA.MA.N, on the subject of a Burean of Agriculture, the average farmer has not the time or the inclination for muoh reading of bookar If bets to get his information that way it mnst be served np in the most palatable form ; but be must be given other means ef acquiring the information he so badly needs. Who is going to do it P Why the Stats-and no Stete will ever be truly solid that does not make agriculture hs first care. A Department of Agrionhnre or a Bureau wbieh will obtain information from all parts of the world and will issue it to theee associations I am en deavonriug- and with snoceas-to form, to be again given out to the farmer ; a" depart ment that will have its experts in vine-grow tag, fruit-growing, and dairying, and a de- partment that will nourish and oheriah the vine grower and frnitrgrower and larmer as its own, is the one big want. I sit here writ- ing at the starting point of the Yilgarn rail- way-ra line that te going to stretch away ont mile upon mile, ta reach a Golconda iu the intsrier. lt pilases through, fer its first miles, oountry, th it if developed, will be a bigger Oeleonda than the people of this oo'.ony bave yet dreamed of, and to let this mine of un- told wealth tie undeveloped is nothing short of sinful. Railroads are cheaper than roads, we neve been told, and I quite agree with this np to a certain point. This Yilgarn railway will be cheaper than maoadam ever yet laid, if the land elong its first few miles ahme is made to develope np to its fullest capacity. The Government that builds -tho railroad should also care for its future. . * * * AS I have said, 1 had a yarn with Ur. Gook, and foand bim prepared to go ahead if he is shownhow. Mr. Meara freely confessas that off his three acres of old vinea-part of the original Cook vineyard-be makes 4100 a year olear-£33 6J. Sd. per acre net profit mind-anj-tf he knew enough or eould find anyone who would tell him enough, he would go on and plant some more. Mr. Viveash, fnrthèr on, ÍB in just the same frame of mind, and want« to plant ont more vines, and has done so; but he is beginning te wonder whether he is on the right track or sot, /or be feels ¿here are many things in vine gnow- ing and wine making he dees not understand, aux} he is not Quite sure at times thatfbprhjh: is noj¡ too great. I like a man to be. fo&rjp; -especially with a yine or fruit' tree-|^BR oan«e when he is fearful he is mostly always careful. Mr. Sam Viveash, from the Swan, was there, he believes in the vine, and Mr, Dempster, of Northam, was there and he also is a believer ; we had a nice little party and talked th8 matter well over,, and % think we enjoyed it all the more because we were all of the same opinion that sómethjng must be done, and that soon, to set the vine and fruit-growing industries on their feet.,, # ?.'.'. . « * Mr. Throssell-and by force of example he has done mora thananyone else ti show what can be done in the way of frnit onlture in a dry olimate-ia going further, and is ontting up, with the assistance of Mr. Dreyer--ilse an enthnnast-^-ra large block of land 10,000 acres, more pr' less, known as the Seabrook estafes, t^hia ia within four mUes of Northam, and has a frontage ef three miles to the York-road. The Yilgarn railway aleo tuns close to the «state. Mr. Dreyer took me ont to see th* land, and judging from what little I saw I should say it was admirably adapted ¿o bpth frnit and vine onlture. The soil is really most desirable for growing-rtbe groper kind of gñfrpe being nseoj-the light wino for which there ia now such a large and evey increasing demand in the old word. Vet nearly every class ef frnit I think: the soil is very favourable ; the rainfall of the distriot (16 te 18 inches average) is not great, but Mr. Throssell bas demonstrated on soil similar to that of the S «sb,rook estate, what cultivation of tbs surface can do to aid the rainfall. Tbe laud is to be sold tn b'ooks ¿Q suit purchasers, and the terms are extremely liberal. Thebnildingsooiety plan ia tobeaden* ted, small payments being made monthly j thia 4" *° W80*T?. *ba working man to make*¿ home for hims:" ttttd« bl« W and Çg-troe. If this is made widely known I do'not think Mr. Throssell will have any difficulty in disposing of what is really exoS" lent land for horticulture « and vitioulfars, and in doing so he will, while reaping * his sure reward, at the same time confer an in* estimable bebri qpon the distriot' and the industries whoBe interests he has shown him- self to have so-thoroughly at heart. .» ..*.'.. . « . « «' " » While at Northam I Buooeeded in getting one or two of tbe leading lights together te discuss the question of forming a Vine and Fruitgrowers' Association. There was only one opinion, and that was snob an Association was badly needed. A question arose as to whether the distriot oonld snpport the Agri- cultural Society and a Fruitgrowers Associa- tion ; whether it wonld be desirable to en« large the fnnotions of the former, or establish an altogether new Society. There is to be a Wine, Frnit, and Grain Show on Wednesday next under the auspices of the Agricultural Society, and it was decided to further oou« aider the autter then. Personally I strongly in favour of the Tine and fr« grovers having their own 8ooietv. The dos tries are already of suflloient importai -in the district to warrant it, and th . growth will, I trust, be oansiderable in i , v future. There is so muoh for the vines fruit-growers to do that does not rea ooneern the grain-grower, that I think if I two sooieties were one now they would sc split apart. As two societies they woi have infinitely greater weight, and there i matters that will shortly be brought forwi affecting the vine and fruit industries tl will nesd most careful attention and infini tial action. The two sooieties in co-operati -would have far greater weight on matters importance than one sooiety acting in halv There is one thing that all these assooiatic and sooieties-vitieidtnral, horticultural, a agricultural-have to do, and it must their first duty, and that is to get agrioi ture in its broadest sense recognised byt Government as a national industry. So far is net recognised ; it has no responsible hei in the Government, and receives practical no direct assistance from the State. Un the - Government haa placed agrionlture the position it ia entitled to take in t affairs of the State, there must be no rea no bark back ; no let up on the part of ai one interested in agricultural pursuits, at this inoludes vine-growing andf ruit-growiai Acting through ita associations and aooietie and noting as one, the pressure will beoome fa great to be long resisted, if there is any desi: to resist it. I feel sure-speaking of the pr< aent Government-it will be no great tai onoe it ia seen that the conatry is in re dead earnest. And when the recognition tl agriculturist desires and deserves has bec granted, what remains to be dene-and ho mach that is-is made more easy of aooon plisbment. Until then we want- all tl weight we can get-and weight iemnmbei ia this case, and I shall be very muoh disa] pointed if there isnotenonghenergyand "gi op" about the Northam growers toruna vii and fruit-growers* association separate! from the Agricultural Sooiety. The interest involved are s4 great in both oases, that it i too big a load for one sooiety to carry. . . . . . I shall be at Northam again on Wedcesda to aee the Fruit Show, and see what I can à towards getting the association formed, an I hope to be snooeasfuL The district is s evidently intended by Nature for the eultiva tien of vineB and fruit trees, it has been e highly favoured in many ways, that it is t me painful ts think how little has yet bee done. Bnt taking all things into considers »ion, it is, perhaps, a good deal. As yei however, nothing has bean aooomplisbe compared with what is needed before the dil triot is produoingup toa tithe of its capacity I find a desire for information ; a deBin to increase the areas under cultivation, am nothing oould be more encouraging. Th information, the knowledge that is so badi; %9eded, mnst be obtained, and the only wa; -ft can be obtained is by the individus through the Association, from the Govern anent,whoas duty it is to gather it from al the ends of the earth. I hope to see deoieivi motion taken on Wednesday and to see th growers of Northam following in the foot .tops of their Newcastle neighbours, whi on Friday night united in one strong body U further their own interests. . ? ' # ' a « a The drive from Northam te Newoastb along the left bank of the Avon is a verj pretty one, especially in the oool of th« evening and behind a pair that need nc encouragement to step ont. Mr. Throssell Mr. Stewart, and a Mr. Sutherland (wh< has come baok to have a look round after at absence of half a century), and myself, or Friday, made the journey, the objeot in view being to attend the meeting of fruit-growers On -the way we called to have a look at Mr, V Farmer's farm and orchard a few miles fron Northam. The first thing that appealed to me was the prevailing air of neatness and tidiness. This is so anoommon in Australian farms that it never fails to strike gae. Everything abont the place seemed to ba where it ought te be, and there was none of that everlasting littet that is often offensive to more senses than «ne. The buildings are all of the least pretentious order, but thoy all stand up atraigbt and do not lean np against one another or anything else handy for support. The orehard is curious, in that almost every tree is a seedling. The result is, as one might imagine, unsatisfactory ; but the trees are healthy and can, of oourse, be grafted. The planting is contrary to modern notions of the eorreot thing, and Mr. Farmer sees he will have to ont ont alternate rows to give the Others room. ..;!..?» » # a The 'meeting at Newcastle-a report of whiob has already been published-was in livery way satisfactory. The attendance was large, and every man there bad tb.it air of «eal earnestness abont him which means' ^ business every time. The gentleman selected 4» the first president 'of the first vine and fruitgrowers' association in the colony will, f ? think, do honour to the' very honourable position. Mr. Bernard Woodward, a part Owner of the Coolinga vineyard, has a stake In the distriot. He ls, in addition, an enthusiastic vinegrower, and also a man, as tra' all know« of considerable'- scientific attainments. In what I ma> term 'Ids Inaugural address, he touched Opon several ?letters' that must keenly interest the fftowers of the colony, and I hope fae wiU Sake his association" the means of assisting, with the othersj in bringing the maners tp question nnder the notice of the Crovernment at the proper time. That : tho colony should have an entomologist j ip very important,and I trust this will be one. el th» tint demand» of the combined associa, I tiona. The secretary, Mr. Kelso, I have i ready referred to a« a real live man i manager of Goori aga, and I am sure he going to keep the Newcastle association i to the so ra tah. The committee or oeunoil composed of picked men, and the affairs < the growers are safe in their hands, Seldo have I seen a society start nnder enc favonrable anspioes, and I hope it may fal! its early promise of a long and useful caree # # # . * Mr. Burns, the manager at Mr. Keane Mount Baker vineyard, was at the assooii tion meeting, and kindly invited me to hai a look at the estate on my return to Pert on Saturday morning. Mount Baker is on of the few show places of the oolonj Prettily situated along the railway line, i attracts the attention of everyone in passinf It has been mid ont and equipped regardlea of expense as a country seat, and cannot b classed ss a commercial enterprise. Thor are new some 45 acres nnder vines and frui trees, and what struok me as being ourion is planting both together. The vines in th more recently planted areas are 9ft. by 9ft and the fruit trees 27ft. by 27ft. It is i plan I most oerjsainly do not like, and I can not see that anything-is to be gained by il The vines have suffered from the grub, am in some places have suffered severely. Thi trees, for their age, look well where the soi ÍB any way good, bnt there is a ooaeiderabl amount of poor hungry soil that is no flt for trees. The oldest vines, those plantel some six years ago,are very muon mix*d,aw one finds ever so many different varietie on an acre. Mr. Barns is giving each variet; its own plot now, and this is the only way arad not to have too many kinds. I am toll that the outtings (whioh oame from theothe side) for the old vineyard were a mixed lot and hence all the trouble. This I do no doubt for one moment. I remember hearhu abont six years ago a dialogas in the shop o a well-known seedman in Melbonrne whiol opened my eyes to the way business was dom with tho more distant customers. A olerl oame and told the manager that the fore mai at the nursery telephoned that an order f rou West Australia eonld not be filled, the stat was not in stock. "Oh, never mind,-eenc them something else, the nearest you oai get." The " nearest you can get" in ti» matter of a vine or frnit tree might mean al the difference between snooess and fallare ti the grower, bat of oonrse that dees not con oern the Melbourne seedsman a bit. As a rule and I have seen a good many shipments, thi trees sent over here are the greatest rabbis! and not worth patting ia the ground. It's t tree, and that is quite enough to satisfy the oonsoienee ôf the nurseryman. Business ic eo very dull on the other side now that it ii probable more attention will be paid.to Weal Australia, and better staff is likely to be the result. . . » * . It is a matter whioh these associations 1 am forming should oonsider, whether it wonld not be advisable for them to combine and send over a maa to visit the vine yards aud nurseries and bay outtings and trees for the members who intend to plant; see them properly packed and shipped and delivered with as little delay as possible. 1 am sate it wonld pay better that ordering indiscriminately, as is thecustomnow. I know it is one thing to order a cutting of a tree ol a certain variety and quite another to get it The getting it is a more orlesB a matter of luck, and whether it reaohes here in a fit state foi planting, or dead.or only half alive, is a mattel that conoerns the nurseryman very little, Be paeks np the order, ships it and gets hie money, and there the matter ends for bim, The bad state in whioh trees arrive is, I an quite prepared to admit, not altogether the nnrseryman's fault; though, greater oars should be exereised in packing for these long voyages. The shipping companies are largely to blame, and bore again lies more work foi the associations. a # ' v # a Apples have been very largely planted at Mount Baker, Mr. Burns being of the opin- ion that it is a frnit admirably suited to the distriot. The young trees certainly look well, taking every thing into consideration. Pinot, Constantia, Sweetwater, Beisling, and several other varieties from the vineyard. A little wine has been made from year to year, and finds a ready sale. There is one wine-a blend of Sweetwater and BeiBling which considering the conditions nnder which it has been made,'is sound and agree- able to tiie palate. There ÍB no adequate cellar accommodation as yet, bnt I suppose thia will be provided when' the new vineyard oomes into bearing. In every other reSpeot the appointments of the place are admirable. Mr. Burns has been at Mount Barker ever since the commencement and takes a great interest in his work. The plaoe is quité a treat to see * for order and neatness,1 and whether it turns ont te beaSuocéss as a oam. mero Lal speculation' remains td ba seen. .- ' ? } 1 PROPOSITIONS have been made (says the European Mail of the 20th alt.) from the Industrial School authorities at Feltham, to send ont a-certain number of boys to Western Australia, in the oame way that tiiey nave been sent to Ganada in the past, 't appeau that the terms on whioh these boys would be sent are favonrable to the colony, and a good! opportunity is tbuB afforded to obtain as colonists lads who have been trained ia'useful irados nnder skilled meohftnios. ' It must be gratifying to those interested in Western, Australia, to know that the present Superintendant of the Feltham Industrial School, Mr. Beuttler^is, ming his influenoe to bring tbiB abont; the more is this so seeing that he possesses himself an intimate knowledge of the colony, having been there as Head Master of the Perth High School fer several years. 