©©tt'mtiy Iffit@IIig©m©@ ': (FROM OTTR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Biackmoor -The fair, fields of Biackmoor look up. at Gog, and Gog looks down at Biackmoor, while a deep ravine, threaded by the river Mersey, lies between them. Gog is the name given to a mighty ridge that runs east , from that lofty landmark Mount 'Boland; for nearly; fifteen miles, and ends abruptly a little to the south of Dunorlan. At iits eastern extremity stands a conical hill of humbler altitude called Magog; and through the. intervening gorge : flows: the Mersey. After leaving the: foot of Gog for some three mil es: the. Mersey turns north, and, bidding good-by to Gog, makes tracks for 'the sea, which it joins ;at Devonport. Gog is over a thousand feet; above sea level, arid looks like a great wall thrown up, per haps in the' days when giants possessed the earth. Prom its summit can be seen Port Sbrell and a strip of the distant sea. To Biackmoor it presents a front of precipi tous crags aad scraggy woods, rusty with' *ge! and as; silent as a neglected church yard. But there, is sound' enough, when the 'high tops of the gums are' fretted with the gusts', of heaven.' Westward,1 from the Mersey to Mount Eoland, the country '?? is a ?thickly-wooded land of hills and vales. and running brooks, with Gog on the south and ; towering1 Eoland on the west. Looking fnm Black moor over the sombre : surface ''. of this rugged country, you can mark the spots where sturdy Eettlers are clearing homes for ; themselves by the white patches of dead trees with which it is dotted. This is Beulah land. Viewed in bright moonlight this^ wild landscape is perhaps' 'more -weird and: impressive /than dear old Melrose ' seen aright/'- Along those silent hills ghosts of the. dispossessed natives may be hunting ghostly game. In the morning light the scene is different ; the lower ridges with their lateral ;spur3 running in all directions are then finely defined, and the mighty hilla look dwarfed. In the foreground there is a respectable hill cultivated from base to subruifc/and oh the submit stands a picturesque homestead, gleaming; white in the morning sun, a picture of rural peace. '...-. .__:-. The road from the Dunorlan railway station-to Sheffield on the weat side of Eoland passes through Biackmoor, Beulah, arid Paradise. At Biackmoor there is a descent of a mile and a half to the Mersey bridae. and a corresoondine ascent on the opposite side. Beyond that point the road is comparatively le^el till you leave Beulah behind by crossing the river Mia nowj a merry little stream of limpid water with a pebbly bottom. An abandoned gold field is here, and the tunnels of the ' Star of the West'. Company are worth inspect ing. A little farther on you come to the Dasher river, a fussy little torrent brawl ing under the bald brow of Mount Eoland, and now you are in Paradise— a pretty place certainly, but with more of the Alps than of Eden in its features. A semi-Alpine road of some five or six miles lies between Paradise and Sheffield. The road'through out is pleasant and interesting, just the very thing for a pedestrian trip— distance about twenty miles. The mountain air is bracing and there is a comfortable hotel at Sheffield. ' :; Parallel to Gog there is a belt of slate country which extends from Pig Creek, a tributary of the river Lobster (ye go'dg, what names !) to the Minnow^ arcd perhaps beyond those points. Ah '; old quarry of tbig slate is on the Mersey, and all Along the belt it is found, sometimes asssqeiated with- quartz, sometimes with iron. At B»ulah there is plenty of iron mingled with quartz. Much of it has beenurider the action of fire. There are also to.be met with great masses of a dense con glomerate, boulders of which may be seen on the beach at the mouth of the Mersey. March 2. . 