Scrap Notes and Comments. (By ' Bohemian.'1) SYDNEY, Thursday. The week has boon quite tragical, full of situations to invoke a modern Shakespeare. Alarms aud waUiugs have been the order of the day; and those who have still their one 'ewe lamb' — in the shape of that litcie deposit in the banks that are loft —are not in a state of blissfulness. It is an ill wind that blows nobody good. There are rumors of all sorts ; and a revival of the uneasiness that prevailed with the dosing of the first strong institution. The collapse of the Commercial has simply floored business men in the city. It was their chief stronghold. If Fate continues to be as adverse aa she has been of late, the whole of Sydney will be offered for sale. ' Compulsory sales' are taking place all over the town and suburbs, but nobody has the money to buy even bargains. A deplorable con' dition truly. In Melbourne, the clergy are of opinion that these calamities are the direot punishment for the sins of the people ; and are, therefore, holding services, ana imploring for giveness and mercy from an offended Deity. Can it be that Sydney is also steeped in un righteouBness F If so, let us pray by all means ; although the prayers of ex-bank managers and directors would be more applicable. 'Tiet u$ Bray I ' m ? ? ? ?? ? ' Oriol,' in the Melbourne Argus says : ' Colonel Templeton wants to know what is to be done with the wreoker. Mr. J. D' Carter thinks he ought to be shot. The wreoker him self being placed on his trial claims the privi lege of the accused to enter tho witness box and this is what he singe in his own defence : It seems to me the only way Of dealing with tho present crisis, When banks are failing day by day From general financial phthisis, Is not to grope At idle hope, But face the facts with common sense, And keep up publio confidence. What UBe in tears 1 Of course we know That things must end in liquidation ; Still let ub act with calmness, though 'Tis but the calm of desperation. Be brave, bo cool, Don't play the fool, But in a plainly hopeless case, Meet ruin with a smiling face. So with an enigmatic smile, I dwelt upon the latest rumor, And in a light and airy style Threw o'er the facts a Veil of humor. And cheered the folk, With quip and joke — Soothing the smart of coming loss By pointing out that gold is dross. This bank or thut is talked about, It's said they over-speculated, There's been a run ; but yet, no doubt, The facts have been exaggerated, 'Twos thus 1 tried To stem the tide, With soothing words and oily.tongue, And yet the wretched bank went bung. They call me wreoker — slight offence To weigh againBt the satisfaction — The strong — the soul-BUBtaining sense Of having done a public action. Tho crowning bliss For me is this To wait until the final blow And whisper, ' Ah 1 1 told you so.' The ' wreoker ' must be a philosopher of the purest tyi j ! ? * ? There was an unexpected experience in the Assembly gallery on Tuesday evening. The House is disposed to sit upon the more promi nent bores within its walls. We started off with an assumption of great knowledge in banking affairs— of which I have notes to oome out later on. Then we took up the Estimates again— the ra'way estimates tl-'a time. How the retrenchers prepared for work ! Sohey was a sight. He drew forth from unseen depths bundles of papers, books, and peculiar looking things, and spread them around wherever a lodgment could bo found. One was irreaist ably reminded of the famous baby plastering story of Mark Twain's, of the little thing being covered with poultices until not a bare spot oould bo found. But when the only Sohey — for whioh we are thankful ! — got the length of deooratinf* the Assembly table with papers elaborating medical and other advertisements, the House got utterly wearied of the juggling performance, and the performer was made to feel that boredom had reached the limits of human enduranoe. Ultimately he was snuffed out ; and the railway estimates passed. . ;. :?.-. :. . ,....». :..???.-..?' ..It is quite possible that there are abuses in the railway department, but Mr. Sohey is not the man to remedy them, or anything else. It was soon evident, looking from the fallery, that the very reverse of what he was esirous of doing would be oai.ici out. And so it ocouire 1. The vote for carrying on the rail wave went through almost without iat jtleronoe, ana simply beoause there was an evident dread of the windy talk of men who do not under stand the niceties of the aubjeots they handle. ? . ? ? The oase brought before the Assembly on the same evening by Mr. Allen, in favor of reju venating the efforts so often made in this country to play ftith silkworms to produce silk, was voted under the table. But Alfred is a very dif ferent stamp of man from the one mentioned previously. He is not a Parliamentary bore in any sense, and he had a terribly cranky cause to plead for. The House saw it. Several speakers urged the champion of serioultur* to let it drop. But, possibly, a la Napoleon, he had the fear of what the ladies night brine on his devoted head had he desisted from fu'nli:ng his mission, so he stuok to it like a briok, with the result that so far as this session is concerned, there is not likely to be any more money wasted over the fad of serioulture as an Australian industry. ? ? * Banking and banks break out like a bad sore all through proceedings — not only in the Legis ture, but everywhere ; be it in conversation, in correspondence, and even in dreams, they oome like ghosts in the night, and epeotrea at every feast. . We have reached the extra acute stage now. The financial, anesthelio has been so effectively appHed that limbs may be lopped off, and we would not feel it. Fortunately, for suffering humanity there is a limit bevond whioh even pain cannot go. During Parliamentary proceedings these bank ghosts oam» grimaoing up; and first there were several Ministers tried to answer. Amongst other things it was asked whether police guards anil reliefs were to be placed about the premises termed ' The Safe Deposit' in a lane off Qeorge- street. -It is there whoro all the coin and bullion sup posed to have been drawn out of the banks is deposited, they say. There is a yeiy great deal of suppo'-'tiou about the whole concern in these times; and a general growing belief that if big parcels of gold are stored away it must be by those who got 'the offioe' — to use a slang term novelists put into the mouths of their burglar heroes — and cleared out all they could find, while others not in the swim were in bliss ful ignorance of anything like a 'xaeh ' going on. The Premier replied that there was no intention to afford speoial proteotion to people who would place gold in a plat* like that. If there really is much gold in hiding, the faot may account for the 'scares' or 'panioa' which the reconstruction sohemes speak of, but whiob the publio saw nothing of until panic stricken by the announcement that the particu lar bank they were interested in had gone oronk t And it's about the tact. That reminds me of a conversation lately, when it came oat as being likely that a deter mined effort will be made to have a special audit on behalf of the unfortunate depositors before allowing the reconstruction to go further. Some of thoBe present urged that it would be suicidal to do anything like that, and the oft repeated plea was urged of the ' old ladies and widows and orphans, whose sole interest in life was in the bank shares.' Of course, ' they would be all ruined unless reconstruction went on.' But, it so happened in the course of this special pleading in favor of bank directorate honesty, and such ' bunkum' we had to listen to, that those very speakers— -several of them — were wily enough to have withdrawn all their monies, some by cheques Rgaiust their current deposits, very close up to the full amount just before the smash came, and confiscation of trusting depositor's funds took place. Then how eyes shone as the qnery went round, ' Now, old fellow, who was it that gave you the tip to get out all your money while everything seemed quiet on the surface?' ' Was it the angol Gabriel?' Verily, there is something rotten ia the affairs of Denmark ! * * * And there will be ructions at some of the bank meetings before the oourts are asked to deal with the matter finally. It may occur — even although there is the uudoubted desire in the community not to pusk matters to extremi ties — that, unless the bank concerned can re lease the monies left for current accounts, the concern is not ia a sufficiently healthy state to fo on and live — which is a very just and logical oduotion, surely. If these broken-down institutions even dis gorged current -account funds, the public would be inclined to deal leniently with them until such time as they tided over difficulties. But, for straight-out hard cheek, tl-'s impounding of money whioh they had the use of without in terest—and, as the Bulletin cartoon had it last week, a man is to be prosecuted for daring to ask for his own money — tbrs is the hardest kind of double-distilled ' cheek,' I say — and they know it. ? * V In the midst of all the turmoil there shines a ray of hope in another direction. It is dis covered that the butter produot of New South Wales has reached ten thousand tons for the year now closing t And the business is grow ing. ItB infancy has but commenced. May it grow aud flourish. Those expert in the chem istry of agrioulture tell u* that butter takes nothing out of the soil, and its produot does not impoverish the laud suitable for yielding milk — i.e\ provided the cattle are well fed. The ten thousand tons exceed the consumption of all the colony by fully one-third, which is available for export. Efforts are now on foot to so amalga mate the dairying interests of the whole calony that all may join in exporting a fair proportion beyond what is required for the New South Wales market. ? ? ? A letter, signed ' George Pile,' in the Doily Telegraph of Tuesday, makes serious fun of the coloniaj habit of squatting, or leaning against something, as if the tribe were denied a verte brae by Nature. The key to Mr. Pile's dis course was got in one of the letters sent to the London Time* by that olever little lady corres pondent they sent out here — Miss Shaw. She says that from youth to age all along the traok of life the average Australian likes to lean against, or upon, something, or somebody. There is a good deal of truth in the statement' We can see the fellows leaning in Bathurst as well as Sydney, and when their turn is worked out at the railway station, or street corner, they go home and lean on mother for another square meal ; or use all the influence oomeatable to get somebody to get them something to do with as much wages and as Jittle work as possible ; and plenty of time to suck at a dirty old pipe. So it goes on till the publio business is reaohed, and then we lean upon the money lender to supply the requirements of the ship of State. He has taken down his prop, though, and we are — not so very metaphorically either — sitting in the cold, damp puddle of despair, more and morn of us each day ; waiting for Providence to oome along and help us up again. Will it be with tho salutary result that we may find we are able, actually able at last, to stand on our own legs, and to dupense with posts for ever and ever t I do not like to croak— but I am afraid not. The native born Australian will give enough work to unemployed angels erecting poits in Heaven — if he ever gets there] 