SPIRITUALISM: WHAT IS IT? TRUTH OR IMPOSTURE? Ancient and Modern Spirit- ualism. Researches and Enquiries. No. 8. [CONTINUED FROM LAST SATURDAY'S ISSUE.] "Oh for the touch of a vanished hand, And the sound of a voice that is still." The investigation of modern spiritualism interests large numbers of persons who do not feel themselves at liberty to say very much on the subject; but the great bulk of our readers, though they may have followed the present series of articles, have no personal knowledge of the subject and will therefore be interested in some facts regarding the methods in which spiritual- istic circles are conducted and those who attend them. The general feeling of the investigator in Melbourne and suburbs is one of disappointment, as he goes from seance to seance. We frankly admit that of those we have visited we have not re- ceived the slightest satisfaction in the way of tests except at the circles presided over by Mrs. Rising, at her private residence in Greville-street, Prahran. We should have been glad, if we could, to have borne different testimony, but candour compels us to say that at nearly the whole of the others we have experienced evidences of imposture, in one or two instances the trickery being of a most flagrant nature. Among spiritualists Mrs. Rising's circle is accredited as being the most popular and genuine, the average attendance during the past six months over which our investiga- tions have extended being about 30 three nights per week, while we have frequently seen as many as 45 present. We estimate that we have met at her seances during the time slated upwards of 600 persons of both sexes, their ages ranging principally from 30 to 60 years, only a limited number of youths attending. It is not an ignorant or too credulous class which one meets there, but an intelligent and evidently fairly well to do class, and we should probably shock the susceptibilities of many of their friends if we were to mention the names of some we have met, among others some prominent solicitors and doctors, two clergymen at least, a judge's wife, and a clergyman's wife frequently. But it is a strange fact that most of the persons who attend a seance hesitate at allowing their identity to be dis- closed, and we have been frequently amused at the pleadings for silence when it was known that we were connected with the Press and intended publishing our ex- periences. It would not of course do to own oneself a spiritualist. Most people are ready to believe in the existence of another world and of spirit being, but to attempt to com- municate with them savors, in their eyes of dabbling with the black arts. They will tell you with a great deal of confidence of the ghost their grandfather saw when a boy and of presentiments they have had which had turned out true, but a "seance" is to them a place where Satan and the historic black cat revel together. One gentleman, who holds a prominent position in Melbourne, to whom we were introduced as the writer of these articles, assured us that when the late Dr. Motherwell pro- nounced himself a spiritualist his income fell off by half, folks evidently imagining somehow that it would not be safe to have a spiritualist as medical attendant. "The — newspaper proprietary," continued our informant, "and many of his staff are thorough believers. I have sat with one of the proprietors many a time; but you would not find him such a fool as to declare in favor of the belief." And our acquaintance strongly warned us not to plump for spiritualism in these columns or we should be losing half our readers. The advice though well meant was not really needed. We understand a newspaper's aim to be to supply its readers with information on all subjects, as we have been doing—not to attempt to dog- matise to them. If we "plumped" for spiritualism we are afraid that our friends would order a straight jacket for us at once and that is a kind of suit we have no desire to wear. It is not long since that we were met in the course of business by a gentle- man who had seen us at Mrs. Rising's residence. "Ah!" he remarked in a mysterious undertone, "I saw you last night!!!!" Fortunately our conscience was clear as regarded that particular night, at any rate, or the shock might have produced serious consequences. People are generally under the illusion that modern spiritualism produces insanity, as did the friend who remarked to us when he learnt where we were going; "Take care of yourself. Be careful." And significantly tapped his forehead. We cannot find any foundation for the belief that an investigation into spiritual- ism promotes disease of the brain. This is simply an idea of those who get the notion into their heads that it is a horrid thing and who wouldn't for the life of them investigate it. As a matter of fact there is nothing weird or exciting about an ordin- ary seance; nothing to make one creepy, or to suggest morbid thoughts. Let us give a sketch of one of Mrs. Rising's seances. The visitors assemble in a well- furnished drawing room, the lights are lowered about one-half, a soft hymn is played on the piano —this but to soothe the minds of the sitters and to bring them into a negative or passive condition. Then the medium rises and her "control," Dr. Johnston, gives through her an address respecting his personality and on the spirit world. He is prepared to give advice to those who seek it, reasons when asked for, or explanations when desired. Thus the visitor will learn that there are seven mansions or heavens prepared for the spirits who have departed this life, and that a soul departing this life enters into that heaven to which the parity and integrity of his life entitles him, working upwards as the spirit ripens more and more in good- ness till it finally reaches the high- est heaven. We are not theologians and not spiritualists, so that we neither ask our readers to receive or reject these state- ments, contenting ourselves with simply setting them forth in order that they may have a better idea of the exact doctrine which professed spiritualists believe in. So the "control's" address being ended the medium's mind is occupied by the spirit of a departed friend of one of the sitters. "I'm Elsie" she exclaims, fre- quently producing in speech or action features of the departed one such as the lameness of a cripple, the cough of a con- sumptive, and the sitter who knew the Elsie in the flesh forthwith takes the medium's hand and receives the intended communica- tion, the medium then passing to another and another, sometimes delivering half a dozen messages to one in the. course of an evening. Why, it may be asked, should spirits come with evidences of the infirmities they suffered in the flesh? Do they carry these into the spirit world? The answer is decidedly in the negative; these signs are used but as evidences as to their genuine- ness. For example, a parent may part with an infant of tender years. It may be adopted or pass into the care of others, and reach say twenty years of age before it dies. If the spirit came as a blooming maiden of twenty, how would it be recog- nised by the parent who last knew it as an infant? Much advice is mingled in the communi- cations of the spirits. They express their desire to watch over and protect their loved ones, and in an attendance at over 100 seances we have never heard a word that could be objected to in the most circum- spect of religious gatherings. We have seen men of seventy weeping in the pres- ence of wives who had preceded them to the spirit-land, and youths and maidens counselled in the moat touching manner tem- perance being a theme ever uppermost, and the advice being given to "take care of the body and the soul will take care of itself." (To be concluded next Saturday) 