Two Distinguished Exiles. Sometimes you will meet men'who bring up scenes that are of the past and are almost forgotten. They bring up old memories-old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a short time ago that I saw Oakey Hall, in London, and what recollections of New York under the reign of Tweed he brought iipl Those were great days for Hall, and for men who were a great deal worse than he. What a fellow.of infinite jest he was, and what a bright spot he made the Mayor's office in New York some twenty years ago. The older newspa per men, politicians and men about town will long remember its attractive less. He would have been a rash man in those days who would have attempt ed to prophecy the height in the tesm ple of fame to which this brilliant and witty man might not climb. What prophet could foresee that this gifted and once popular man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exiie in a foreign land, leaving be hind him on the field of his early tri umlhs nothing but shattered ambitions. Yet this was to be. In a small cafe in a somewhat unfre quented part of Paris the other day I saw another man who recalled a case the fame of which was world-wide. He was sittingat a table, seemingly buried in thought of a not pleasant character and oblivious of his surroundings. He had an intellectual face, but on it there were deep lines that told of past suffer ings. His long hair was gray-prema turely gray. His shoulders were beat, and there was a moody, brooding look on his face. Bunt he was evidently a tall man, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As hesat atthe table he looked like a strongman borne down by the memory of some great sor row of the past. Presently lie arose and walked out without looking to the right or the left, and then I recognized him, although it has been years since I saw him before. It was Theodore Tilton, the once famous editor of the New York Itnde pendent. lnt how changed. In the days of his popularity, tall, erect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doing some sortof literary work here, but no one seems to know just what it is. I could not but think, after sheing the man,' that the scandal in wh;uich this man's life was wrecked was miore thanl a more scandal. It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle of the chief iictors in it is narrowing. The: greatest of them is uaed, so are others, among them some of the lawyers and several of the jury. One of the lawyers, len jamin F. Tracy, is in the Cabinet of the President of the United States. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situ ated than her husband, for she has the company and synmpathy of her children. But Theodore Tilton haunts out-of-the way places in Paris, seeking neither friends nor friendships, a miserable and broken man. 