THE CLOSE OETHE SESSION. -/PARLIAMENT PUOllOGUICD. The " Bird's " Review of tho Proceedings.; The hand that holds tho helm of Stato has rolaxed it3 mauy_ borse-powor grip for a season. That is to say, that tho tailors and tinkors and general tradesmen who nssumblo in Macquario-stroct on frco railway passes to fill the dreary pagos of Hansard at six quid a wook.oach linvo taken a holiday. - This is somewhat strange in viow of tho fact that lifo to au ordinary mo.uiber of Parliament iB ono long drunken streak of joy. Tho House eat on Monday ovoning, Bill Grabame looking as wiBQ us an owl, and Jack Haynes putting tho shot in tho lobby by way of moral sudsion. After long Tom Slattcry had worked in" an. amendment on tho Divorc9 Law, and the Bird ' reporter was called to order by tho Speaker for bringing tho watermelon into tho Press . gallery, and eating it, Dibbs got up in. bis . placo and rdmarkoil that aftor a consultation with his frioud Duff they had docided to pro-- rogue Parliament on tho following day. If any of tho Labor ineinboradid not understand the moaning- of tbo word " prorogue " thoy would find it iu tho diotiomu-y of tho Parlia mentary Library. Tho House lind workod \- hard, (oiieers) and creditably (tumultuous applause), and members required a rest (yawns ami yells): 'While the "House was in recess tbo Ministry -intended to devote tbemsolvos to humiliation and prayor (iutorruptionl. Tbo man who. said "no" was a liar (loud, cheers), and . a father of -liars (enthusiasm) and nn associate and . companion of liars. (Loud and . continued applause)'. Toby ' Barton was . unwell: (Smiles). Ho was sniforiiig from Federation fever. (A Voice: Which brand?) He did not exactly know which brand, but ho thought Toby wanted rost, and " extra dry." (A Voico : How droll !) It was droll, but it was, nevertheless, true, and ho would stake the star of liis.ordor qu it. (disorder) ; ho repeated, tho star of his ordor. (Voice : Star and Gartor.) That was untrue, ho was never in the placo in his life, and .ooming. back to tho subject ho would suggest that sorao lion, members go. and put thoir heads .under tho tap in tho lavatory "and sober up to moot bi3 brother Knight, Sir Kobort Duff, at the prorogation in tbo morning. (A Voice : What about tbo thousand quid ?) Ask Jaok Haynes (laughter) ; ho ought to know. Tho thousand quid had been, forked up by somo patriotic citizens (joors), and 'tboy oould go to tbo dovil for further information. Mr Haynes roso to ordor. Tbo Hon. tho Promior. bad -coupled bis(Haynoa') namo with tbo Dovil. Tbo Devil was a Roman Catholic. (A voice : Phwait air yo yorself ?) Ho was Jack Haynes, tho strong man, a supporter of law and ordor, and a mcmbor of tho Loyal Orongo Lodgo (Secta'riau Trow Is). Sir George Richard Dibbs. resuming, said that he had no intention of oonplmg tho hon. mcmbor 's liaiho with tho namo of the Dovil. Ho hod groat respect for tho Devil. (Cheers.) Coming again to tho subject of pro- \- rogation, ho thought that as inombors scrowa wont on ali .the Bamo tboy oould very well afford to take six mouths' rost on full pay." (Loud approbation.) - Aftor some discussion on irrelevant mnttors tboHouso agroed by an overwhelming majority to bo prorogued- on full pay for an indefinite ' period. Accordingly members assomblod as steadily as tboy could on Tuesday morning, and tbo slide trombone and other instruments of the Permanent Artillery Band striking up tbo latest London novelty, God Save tho Quoeit, Sir Duff, acconipauiod -by his oscort.reviowod the rummie'st assortment of law-makors ho -had seen up to dato,v preparatory to proroguing thorn. Tho Logislntivo Counoil stood at easo on its crutqhos wliilo Duff put them through. Tho Lo,wer Housp was a bit rostive and boro a 'rolling look "in ite eyo, tbo offoct of being abroad at such an unusually oarly hoar, but tho ceremony was got through all right, and Duff and Dibbs adjourned togothor to soo a man about a dog. The last session of tho House has boon a notable ono. More talking lias taken plaae and loss work dono than during any previous session of the samo length. The following are tho principal Legislative events of tho -period : — 1\. The amonding of tho Dog Aot. 2\. Tho inclusion of tho diamond Bparrow and the camel in tbo list of protected birds. p. Tbo prohibition of uot-fishing iu tho \- ' Bondi sowor. 4\. Tho lapse of tho Totalisator Legalising Bill. 6\. A knock-out fight botwooa Crick and Haynes. - <3\. Tho arrest of Bill Grnhamb for oponing his mouth too much. 1\. The passing of au Aot to prevent disoaso in grapes: 8\. Passing of loons and supplies. .9. An - attempt to reconstruct tho Marino Board beforo tho latter was removed to Glades- villo for furthor treatment. "10. Ono for his Nobbs in Central Cumber land. Sovoral other T private moasuros and bills of sale have been offocted by hon. momborB. On tho wholo the consumption of inaltod and Bpiritnous liquors whioh lias taken placo at tho Parliamentary rofroslmiont room bar has slightly 'dccroascd, but Tommy Walker having joiuo'd tho Sons of Temperance, the faut can bo readily explained. Lot us con clude with song : — , " ' PARLIAMENT'S PROROGUED. Now Criok can liurso his battored oyo," While Mudeo gets bis musolo hard ; Now, Labor inembors, ovor fly, 'Havo loisuro' timo to read tho card, And so prepnro themselves for fight With rottou eggs and cabbage Btalks, Wlioroby the canso of " Trcwth and Right " Is wedded to tbo " Ghost that Walks." '' Now, on tho stump, with gestures quoor, Tbo country .candidates orato Anont tbo " crisis "-and." free boor," And otlior .great affairs of. Stato. Now, ponding reconstruction, PnrkoSj ;His I.Q.U.'s can pass tbo whilo - To mugs and chumps and likely marks, : And in tho same old fashion— sin ilo. ' Tho Honso is ou t upon tho sproq ; . . ' The Legislature tbat colloguoa ' ' " , For boodle " brows 'tho; barley breo " And " liuuts tho oof bird" whilo prorogued 