CHURCH INTELLIGENSE. On Sunday evening, July 2, the p. Chalmers Church was occupied by the Rev. Dr. Paton. The subject of discourse was Christ's priests and their functions. He took for his text Revelations v. 10—"Thou hast redeemed us .... and made us priests." No one could deny the existence of a priesthood in the Christian church, but it was on honor conferred cot on one favored section alone but on every true member. The term "priests" occurred in the New Testament about 70 times. Id was applied to the priests of the Jewish Temple, to Christ, and to Christians, but never to one class or clique or coterie called clergymen. And that was the more remark able, because nearly a score of terms di&tin; euished the officers of the inlant church angels, deacons, messengers, laborers, over seers, pastors, preachers, teachers, tc; and amongst these, neither in gospel nor epistle, were they ever designated in a superior sense " priests." In the text it was said that all who were redeemed were also all constituted priests ; that is, that redemption a&d; priest hood were co-extensive. Sacerdotalism had, indeed, its passionate devotees here and at home, but cot only was it con spicuous by its absence from the Apostles' Cieed, not only was it disclaimed by the most venerated names in all the reformed churches, but it was in direct antagonism to the dictum of the Great High Priest, "One is your Master, and all ye are brethren." But while an official, sacrificing, exclusive priest hood was repudiated both by the letter and spirit of holy writ the priesthood of all believers was just as emphatically affirmed. The text, were there none other, was conclu sive. That being bo, therefore, the question arose what were the duties of the sacred office? The primary and perpetual offering which Christ's legitimate priests make was the surrender day by day of themselves. That was the alpha and omega of the Christian's priestly functions, for it involved in itself all the oblations that were possible of other kinds. Truly sacrificing himself the man offered the energies and activities of his eouL body, and spirit, his resources of time and opportunity, his means, his influence, and indeed all that was his. That at least was bis aim and ideal, and be wa3 constantly moved and prompted thereto by the cardinal fact of his own re demption—age, and be eought so to fulfil the vocation wherewith he had been called that by his perhaps far-off imitation of the Belf forgetfulness and the eelf-aba&ement; of the Great High Priest he might lead others to the faith, knowledge, love, and service of that in comparable Master. The officers and men of H.M.S. Ringarooma attending the Wesleyan Church. Fort Ade laide, were invited on Tuesday last to a social in the Dale-street Wesleyan lecture-hall. Very tasteful decorations, with bunting and ever greens, adorned the room. After singing and prayer the Her. W. H. Hanton gave a. short address and heartily welcomed the visitors. Poring the evening social games were indulged in. Songs by Misses Sannders, Treleaven, and Morphett, and Messrs. W. Treleaven, Hum phrey, and J. Treleaven were much enjoyed. Two warriors' songs received well-merited applause. Mr. Prettijohn, of the fiingarooma, captivated the company with the hamoroos recitation "The half hundred," and being encored he gave " The house that Jack built. Exhibitions oi club-swinging by Messrs. L. Saunders, H. Butler, and W. Allen, and of singlestick exercise by two man-o'-waranen revealed great skill. An airgun shooting com petition between six Kingarooma men and six South Australians was watched with keen; interest. The South Australians won by a few points. Tnres cheers were given for each side. During the evening refreshments were handed round. The Rev. W. EL Cann preached in the Franklin-street Bible Christian Church on Sunday sight, taking as his subject "The churches' greatest need." The text selected was Zecb. 4, 6—"lt is not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord." Zerubbabel was addressed as the chief civil authority in rebuilding the temple after the [ return from the captivity. He and his coad jutors were not to be discouraged, though they were weak and had much opposition. The spirit of God was to effect the work. It was not to be done by the power' of an army, nor any one man, but was Code work. They must remember in church work to-day God bad a band. He could save men by using the weakest instrument. Paul plants, Apolloa waters, but God gives the increase. There was much talkastowhatchurchesneed to reach the masses. Some were Baying they wanted more power in the pulpit, others all class dis tinctions in churches should be broken down, that ministers, deacons, and professors should be more Christ- like in life, but co fat as the preacher could Bee the Bnpreme need ol the churches to-day was a revival of true spiritual religion, for if the Spirit of God took complete possession of Christians all these other things would follow. There was a great deal of liberality and eelf-sacrinoe among Christians, but there must be a ereat deal more, and it is only when men are baptised with the Spirit will they do as their Master did. The world did not want a goody-goody namby-pamby kind of religion, & religion that spends itself in singing and praying only, but their religious life must be co full of the Spirit that they will grapple with the evils of society. The Spirit of God wa? also needed to make known to them truth. It was an age of great intellectual activity. Every system was being severely criticised, but the more the Truth of God was analysed the brighter it shone. They needed more than a knowledge of (science to understand the "Bible. As it was written by inspiration of God, only as men ware full of the Spirit could they interpret it. God's 'Spirit could make their ministry effective. i The early preachers were unlearned men, but when they received power from on high they became great sonl-winners. If ministere and Churches to-day were going to do til*"*"* work they must have the same power. The promise to them was—" Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon yon." The Rev. J. Berry preached on " Christian Socialism" before a large congregation at the Wesleyan Church- Pirie-street, on Sunday evening. The Bubjeot was dealt with in a broad and interesting manner, and the dis course will be repeated at Mr. Berry's Thais day afternoon service this week. The consecration of the Hobart Cathedral on the occasion of ita completion will take place in January uext, and it is pro posed to bold a church congress to celebrate the ev6nt. The congress (his year should have been at Melbourne, but the bishop of that diocese has waived faia I right in favor of Tasmania. There will be a | Urge gathering of clergy and laity. The I following clergy of note have signified their I intention of being present: —His Grace the Primate, the Bisbops of Melbourne. Ballamt, Bathurst, Goulburn, Qiverina, Newcastle, North Queensland and Kockhanipton, and the Bishops of Auckland and Dnnedin, and several other bishops are expected from New Zealand. A provisional committee has been appointed for this diocese, with Bey. T. Field, M. A., ben. corresponding secretary. On Friday evening a concert was Given in All Saints' lecture-hill, Hindmareh, when j there was a fair attendance. As overtures l were played a. "Scherzo brilliante" (Woolen [ haupt), and "Tarente!l6"{Moekowki>.andM& F. Deauchamp gave " Legende" (Wienowski), i and "Scene de ballet" (Beriot), on the violin. Miss Seltb sang "Home sweet home" and Cowan's "Better land," Miss A. Goodall "We'd better bide a wee" and "Caller berrin," Mr. A. Glover "Mona," and Mr. A. Vardon " The Bedouin love song." Messrs. Glover and Vardon also gave tho duets "The moon hath raised her lamp above" and *' Ex celsior." "Home boys, home" and "The wanderer" were sung by Mr. EL P. Mimcklin. i Messrs. F. Deauchamp and A. Vardon were the musical directors. 