A SUMMER'S DAY IN COUNTRY LIFE. Calm wakes the morn, and many a sound Salutes the half bewildered ear; The magpie's'notes the chief are found In plaintive strains and accents clear. A twit, a crow, a bark, a' bleat-- And Babel's chorus is complete. The sun peeps o'er the distant hill And bids us from our slumbers rise; But languor curbs the fickle will And oft its onward course defies. Nor feel we from its fetters free. Till spurred by sheer necessity. A bracing bath, some steak or chops-.. Or still more toothsome ham and eggs Discussed, we start to view the crops;. Fine exercise for gouty legs; But ere the field we reach the flies": :: Dispute our title to our eyes. Enraged we scare, we slay in vain, Fresh swarms invade on every side;. The shady grove, the sunny plain, For safe retreat in vain are tried. A handy bough, in constant use, Can but secure a moment's truce. Thus must we fight the livelong day Where'er our wandering feet may roam; No matter where we work or play Those horrid pests are there at home. Their dogged aims don no disguise Our " peepers" are their dainty prize. When evening shades creep o'er the sky, And weary Nature longs for rest, A buzzing sound flits swiftly by A challenge from a slyer pest. This subtle foe, with treacherous art, Now waits to play his maddening part. The supper eaten, we all repair To friendly balcony or bower; Where, bathed in sweet refreshing air, We hope to spend a social hour. But ere we taste the sweets of ease The vile Mosquitoes start to tease: At weary Nature's stern request To Somnus we repair at last, And humbly pray that peacefil rest Its charms will o'er our bed be cast, But spite of all they muster strong And wage a battle fierce and long. ]BEN. TREWHELLA. Blue Mountain. The late Patrick Cain's Estate. T HE whole of the property to be let, as follows: Lot 1.-Homestead at Coimadai containing 230 acres. Dwelling house and every convenience. About five miles from Bacchus Marsh Railway Station. To be let for three years. Lot 2.-Merrimu Property, containing 201 acres. Well watered and fenced. About 21 miles from Bacchus Marsh Railway Station. To be let for five years. Lot 3.-Merrimu Property, adjoining above, containing 210 acres. To be let for five years. TENDERS, addressed to Anderson & Bence, Auctioneers, Bacchus Marsh, returnable by 21st inst., from whom all particulars can be obtained. A CLEARING SALE of Stock, &c.;, will be held on TUESDAY, 4th April. Particulars. in later issue. Possession of properties on or about 7th April, 1893. A SOCIALIST VILLAGE. (From the Standard, London.) A FEW miles from Dunkirk there exists a village, inhabited by fishermen and seafaring men, where, since the year 1670, a syndicate has been in existence, and where, as a birth right, an equal share of land is conterred on each member of the community. This favoured spot is named Fort Mardyck. The land, consisting of about three hun dred acres, is divided into two lots, one of which is let to agriculturists, the rent being appropriated to a fund, established for the payment of State taxes, and for the distribu tion of reliet to members of the community standing in need of assistance. The remaining portion of the land is allotted to the inhabitants of Fort Mardyck, each one receiving at the time of his or her marriage about half an acre. Under no cir cumstances may tihe Fort Mardyck native resign his ownership. He may secure a tenant for his shure of the land, but no further transfer is permitted. This rule, which, unlike others, is marked by no exceptions, has proved instrumental in inducingil_.the villagers, to marry-oearly-in life, Their field invariably produces more vegetables than they require for their own maintemancer and they are, therefore, enabled to derive a fair profit from the sale of the extra supply. Moreover, while her husband is away at sea, the Fort Mardyck woman does not depend for her support on his wages. She is able to subsist on the produce of the land, and when the man returns his pay is intact. The Fort Mardyck sailor very soon man ages to build his cottage, and when this is accomplished he is practically secure from want for life. Should he have been unable to save enough money for his old age he is maintained by the common fund. On visiting the village I called on, the Ma)or of this little Republic, where political squabbles are unknown, and was supplied by this magistrate, who is a stalwart sea captain named Everart and a direct descendant of one of the founders of the colony, with the follow ing information : " Our village now numbers 1,706 inhabit tants. We manage our own affairs and defray our own expenditurb. We built our public school by subscription, and I am sure we never cost the State a sou. We are a very bealthy people here. We marry early, and lead regular lives. " Families of ten or twelve children aire by no inmeans rare, and in a single year I have registered as many as seven births of twins. At this rate, our population doubles in thirty years. I suppose that eventually we shall be compelled to diminish our allotments, as we are hemmed in'on all sides by the'neighbour ing villages. Besides, I am sure the State will not give us.any more land." " And what do you do with your paupers ?" I inquired. " We have no paupers," said the Mayor. "Of course, there are a few old people who are needy. But as they have their cottages and fields, a small subsidy from the common fund keeps them very comfortably. You see, our people cannot sell their lind, and so, even it they are improvident, our rules prevent them from rushing to ruin." The village is very picturesque; with its cottages well apart from one another, and its quaintly winding lanes; bordered by willows. As to the inhabitants, they certainly con trast favourably with the natives of neigh bouring towns in the healthy arid robust appearance they present. Nothing but French is spoken, although Flemish is the dialect of the adjoining villages. At a moment when so much is being said concerning State Socialism and Church Socialism, it is not uninteresting to adduce the example of a syndicate, established in the days of almost absolute Monarchy, which has victoriously steered its way through revolu tions of all kinds. TIiEf WORIDSMo'S iOai lI ENT CHURCH. (From the Irish Times, Dublina.) WE hear but little of the Greek Catholic Church, but it has one of the most lively re ligions in the world to-day, and the holy synod of Russia has a capital of £5,000,000, which it can use as it pleases, and its income is something like £1,000,000 a year. 'lhe Church of Our Saviour, at Moscow, vwas completed only a few years ago, and sur passes in beauty any church of modern times. ,Itvwas built to commemorate the deliverance of Moscow from the French, and it has cost about £800,000. 'This church stands on the banks of the Mosco'w river just outside the Kremlin, and its greatdome may be seen blazing out under the sufi from any part of Moscow. It covers almost two acres, and it is built of a clear, white stone in the shape of a Greek cross. It has golden cupolas at its corners and a Russian dome in its centre, and these cupolas and this dome are covered with copper and plated with polished gold. : It took 900 pounds of gold to plate this dome, and there is more than £200,000 worth of gold upon it. The cupolas cost £160,000 to gild, and there are bells within this church which have cost nearly £200,000. The biggest one here cost £60,000,.and it weighs just thirteen tons. I have visited the temples of India, and the interior of this• new Russian church reininds me of the wonderful architecture which you find at Delhi. It is finished like a jewel, and it is a beautiful mosaic of marble, gold, and wonderful frescoes. Its altar is as delicate in its combination of precious stones and marble carvings as a lady's breastpin, and this altar, before it was enriched by its golden icons, silver ornaments, and sacred pictures, cost nearly £100,000. The marble in the building cost almost £400,000, and the floor and walls are of wonderful marbles of malachite and of lapis lazuli. From the floor, running around the entire church, there is first adado of jasper. Above this runs a panel of white alabaster, and marbles of different colours succeed one another until they lose themselves in a great frieze of carvings and frescoes by the most noted of the Russian painters. Everywhere there is gold and gold carving. Golden pictures hang upon the walls. Twelve hundred golden candelabra hold as many candles under the cupolas, and all the vessels used by the priests are of solid gold. Upon the walls are golden texts from the Scriptures shining out of the white marble, and the church is lighted by thirty-six windows of stained glass, each of which is ninety feet high. This church will accommodate 10,000 people, and when I entered it one Sunday morning it was packed to bursting. Upon its steps were the usual number of dirty beggars, and I tound that of the 10,000 worshippers at least 9,000 were peasants. The priests who conducted the service wore clothes of gold and silver cloth, and the chief priest had on a tiara set with diamonds. The service was very impressive, and nearly every one in the church participated in it. The priest droned out a sentence and these 10,000 heads bowed in unison. He uttered another and the thousands knelt upon the floor and pressed their heads against the marble. As the service went on 10,000 pairs of hands crossed 10,000 breasts at the same time, and of the 10,000 faces I did not see one that was not sober and reverent. Presently the music of a great choir of men and boys swelled up through the vaulted arches, and I could not but feel the impress iveness of the ceremony nor wonder why its gorgeousness so appeals to these people. Religion is the life of the Russian peasant. It enters into his every aict, and though it may be to a large extent a matter of form, lihe devotes the greater part of his life to it, and it cannot but have an influence upon his character. Mr. Woodward, of New York, gives the preference to sheep instead of swine among histiruiitrt :" -icuT. i-a vise-eepng 100 sheep on every ten acres of orchard. To feed them enough, give plenty of linseed meal and bran, which will make them ravenouis for apples. The feed, the apples, and the scattered grass, has answered an excellent purpose, and although Ihe had not ploughed his orchard in fourteen years, it was in excellent condition. The droppings made the land richer. This keeps down the worm plague, so common where orchards are mowed." Dr. Thain Davidson tells the following anecdote, in talking of noisy and demons trative preaching :-It is said of a celebrated divine, who at an early period of his ministry was noted for a most boisterous delivery, but who suddenly changed his whole manner and adopted a quiet mode of address, that, being asked by some of his disappointed hearers the meaning of the change, he re plied, ' Well, when I was young I thought it was the thunder that killed the people, but when I grew older I discovered that it was the lightning; so I determined in future to thunder less and to lighten more l' This reminds one of the preacher who said hlie was beginning to find that he had been mistaking perspiration for inspiration !" It requires a certain amount of feed to Skeep an animal alive and in the same con i dition; profit, if any, arises from what is fed I beyond that. Mir. Marion :rawford, the well-known novelist is lecturing in America. As is well known he is a student of hypnotism. Oin being asked whether he had ever seen a ghost, Mr. Crawford replied :-" I have, y the "way, the honour of being a member of the Psychical Society, but I've never seen a ghost. The nearest I've come to it was in seeing the shadow of a ghost, as it were. Our apart ment in Rome faced a public park. At": night, when the lamps in the streets wvere lighted, the shadow of a portion of the park railing was thrown on the back wall of our drawing-room. Now here is the extraordinary . part of the story. The reflection on our wall always showed the shadow of a man leaning on the railing, though there actually seas no man there. This phenomenon was observed by at least a dozen people. I myself have seen it many times. We used to invite our friends to see it. I suspected that it might be due to the reflection of the light through the glass in our -windows. One night I got up and smashed- every-pane of glass in them: but the reflection still remained on the wall.' "Yes, I know it's all right," she replied,: hotly. ' Here's an unknown woman falls?. down and you plough across the street to help her; and the other day I fell down stairs and you wanted to-know if I was practising fora eR. man who refuses to pay his just debts is too cowardly to steal in any other way. " Has an Oyster brains 4" "Certainly, for an oyster knows when to. shut up." The addition of lemon juice to the water in which rice is boiled will increase the white ness, and the grains will readily separate when thus treated. The farmer who reads, as well as any other reading man, often finds items of interest and importance that.he would greatly like to keep. It amounts to almost'nothing to clip them out unless there be some methodical way to pre serve them. A scrapbook, much better than nothing, is unsatisfactory in many ways.' I have a home made scrapease, modelled after a patented and expensive one. It is about 4ft. square and has four shelves set at an angle of some 30 degrees, and will hold about 100 envelopes. On the shelves are nailed four double-rows of narrow strips in which to insert envelopes. These envelopes are labelled and arranged in alphabetical order. Label each envelope according to its contents, and you can at a glance pick out what you want. One will be surprised how soon he will have a respectable cyclopaedia of his own arrang ing and construction. It should consist of farm knowledge chiefly. Garden seeds may be placed here, and ladies will find it a nice place for patterns. It is said that banana juice makes a first class indelible marking ink. Good butter is too valuable to feed to the dog. You are doing it when you allow him to run the cows. The temporary pain caused to cattle by the dehorner's saw is, as "Farm, Stock and Home" looks at the matter, a mere nothing compared with the perpetual torture of the - stanchion, from which the removal of the headgear relieves the imprisoned beasts. A Minnesota writer expresses through the same journal his satisfaction with the results of the modern heroic treatment as applied to his own herd :-" I never have to tie them, and they eat together like so many sheep. They can choose a place to lie down, and as the whole floor is thickly littered wvith straw it. makes. "better manure, as the urine and droppings are more evenly distributed and trampled in. Furthermore, they are more docile, and I see no reason why the offspring will not be im provee in disposition if the parents are restrained from their natural bent." Another correspondent describes as follows his method of repressing the embryo horns on calves-by use of "common concentrated lye sold in every grocery-store"-and the pleasing out come of the practice. " Moisten the budding horn and apply a pinch on the point of a knifoblade-as" much as two grains of wheat to each horn will be enough. Do not moisten a larger place than needed, as it will eat the skin wherever it is wet and form a scab. I have about twenty yearlings and calves that are nearly or quite thoroughbred Shorthorns, but with the smooth heads of the Polled Angus, foretop and all. They are a pretty sight, and I like to see them crowd up to a trough to eat like lambs. On a cold morning you will find them lying down together almost like pigs, with the little ones in the centre to keep warm. 'They run in a meadow without doing much damage to stacks, cannot injure themselves or colts, and are in no respect the worse for their deprivation." For the whole of a life of more than forty : years, we have been subject to a dry, hacking cough, not only distressing to ourself, but to friends and those with whom we are brought into business contact. Last fall we com menced using common salt three times a day. Dissolve a large tablespoonful of pure table salt in half a tumblerful of water. With this we gargled the throat most thoroughly just before mealtime. The result hias been that dluring thre entire winter we were not only free from coughs and colds, but the dry, tacking cough entirely disappeared. Many piersons have the impression that the salt gargle is unpleasant, but after a few days' use no one who loves a clean mouth and first-rate sharpener of the appetite will abandon it.-[The Hoursehlold. "Your husband," said the caller, sympa-: thisingly, " was a man of excellent qualitieS:" man. Everybody 'says so. JI.i?a?d't mute - acquainted with him myself. He belonged to six lodges." A young lady can stand up straight and still be bent on marriage. "Father, Mr. Caynemn says I am the best .boy in the school." "Then I pity him from the bottom of my heart." . For the accommodation of visitors to the " World's Fair," an hotel is being built at Chicago which is to contain upwards of 6,000 rooms, and the buildings will cover ten acres of ground. "Jim loves you for your money." "No; he doesn't know that I have any; so it can't be that." "-But what else could it be ?" " -ow do-you manage to get your servants to wear caps? Mine won't." "I hire a policeman to admire them in it." It is hard.ifor a man with a liver to believe that anybody in his neighbourhood has the right kind of religion. "A wrinkle ! No, madam, it is a smile that lhas drifted from its moorings !" When a man is in love he thinks his girl's name is the sweetest in the world, but when they are married hIe thinks it is too old fashioned to give the children. " Are you making as much fuss over your baby now as you were two months ago ?" "Oh, no; the baby is making all the furss now. " 