THE GHOST OF CHTATEAU SAINT-GERY An American newspaper gives the trans lation of an unfinished story of M. Guy de SMaupassant's under the above title, written Spresumably just before his mental affliction. SThe story is told by an old marquis at mid [ night to two friends: S It was in 1827, in the month of July, and Smy reeiment was stationed at Rouen. One Sday, while I was out for a walk on the quay, I met a man whose face was familiar to me, and yet I could not exactly place him. In Sstinctively I came to a halt, and as I did so, hre Sstepped forward and took me by the hand It was Saint-Gery, a school friend whom 1 Shad not seen for ten years. As a boy he had been extremely plain-looking, as a man he was repulsive, with the squatty figure of a cut down Hercules, a neck of extraordinary thickness and a face reddened with scroful ous taint. 'Thank Heaven for this meeting," said he abruptly, "for I have a favour to ask you. It is to ride out tomy old home and get some papers for me. I'll tell you where to find them-in my room, in my writing desk. For certain reasons I don't want to send an or dinary messenger, but I may trust you." My first impulse was to excuse myself, but, on second thought, my love of the mysterious, my fondness for adventure, led me to accept "It is hardly necessary for me to tell you," he added, "that you must not examine these papers even superficially." These words offended me, and I made a motion to turn away, but Saint-Gery laid his enormous palm on my shoulder and muttered out: "Pardon me, I didn't know what I was saying- my mind was wandering-I trust ] you implicitly." [The narrator finally accepts the com- I mission, and rides to the ChAteau Saint Gery by moonlight through the woods. Finally having delivered the letter he carried to Roger, the confidential servant of Saint- Gery, t the latter gave a sudden start.] t The man seemed to be labouring under some dreadful anxiety, but I took but little note of his manner. I was well armed and kept my eye on him. As I advanced to set t the key in the door be plucked up courage to c make an attempt to stay my progress, but c this impertinent opposition on his part now ( riled" me to such an extent that. taking the 1 lamp out of the man's hand, I pushed him a violently aside. He staggered back, utterly h limp and helpless, his face, as I imagined, , blanched with anger. I discovered that I had entered the house by the kitchen, which i I now traversid; then two small living apart- a ments in the nature of a servants' halL This t brought me into the main hall-way, and as r rapidlyas I could, for the lamp was of bronze I and extremely heavy, I made my way up the A grand staircase of the chateau, and had no f difficulty in recognising thedoor which Saint- b Gery had described to me. I unlocked the n door as calmly as if it were the door of my o quarters at liouen, pushed it open, walked p in and set the lamp on the heavy oak centre h table. As I dlid so the clock in the neigh- b bouring chapel struck the hour of midnight, but I scarcly noted it, save to enjoy the n mysterious sweetness of the tones as they t broke the midnight stillness of the place. sl The room was large and square, and had , about it that close and musty odour of an un used compartment-an odour strangely like o1 that which you so often notice in a death S chamber. In one corer stood a large ma- o, hoganybedsteadrichlycarvedand surmounted d with a canopy. The heavy silk curtains were drawn aside, disclosing mattress and I pillows, but no sheets. There was an evid- a ent impress of a human figure upon the side away from the wall. Everything was just as Saint-Gery had described it to me, and in h a moment orso I had found all but the last of the three packages indicated, when I a, thought I heard or rather felt the rustle of a , womans's skirts behind me; but I was to busy i to pay any attention to it. In fact, it half d occurred to me that the breeze had blown in a from the hallway and stirred a bit of paper 10 on the floor or caused the hangings to give gE forth a rustling sound, But in a moment , the same sound again caught my ear, and T this time it sent a disagreeable crawling feel- hi ing over my skin. It seemed so silly to me f to take note of such a thing that my self respct would not allow me to look around. b I had now come to the third of the I packages which Saint-Gery had commissioned f( me to obtain for him, and I had just thrust , itinto my pocket, when a deep, long-drawn f sigh, which naught but human lips could have sent forth, escaped almost against my o, cheek. With one wild spring I landed b several feet away, and almost instinctivly o my hand grasped my sabre belt. Had I not i done so I should have dashed like a coward h out of that dimly lighted room. A tall woman, wearing a travelling gown r of white gossamer, with angel sleeves, her g face whiter than her raiment, was standing behind thesofa, with eyes that seemeied ighted with unearthly glow fixed sadly and tenderly ] upon me. Over her shoulders, reaching al mostto her feet, hung a wonderful growth of , hair, covering her, enveloping her like a liv- h ing veil. By the lamp's light, as she raised at her hand and put back these glorious tresses, 6 I could see that they had a golden sheen, B which gave her the appearance of being , literally wrapped in a mysterious fire that , glowed without consuming. She was wonder- g fully but fearfully beautiful and unearthly. i I was stricken with such a tremor that my t body swayed, and only by the greatest effort T could I save myself fron pitching over back- A ward. Nobody, unless he has been stricken a by it, can have any idea of this awful and c senseless terror. You feel your soul slipping G away like escaping vapour; your heart comes a to a dead standstill; your whole body grows a inert and limp and like an empty tenement. tj its walls seem ready to collapse upon the o void. Oh, no ; I didn't believe in ghosts. I knew, like all the rest of you, that the dead \ never come from their graves to walk the G cold, damp earth again ;but yet this senseless o fear of them came upon me nevertheless. u This fair apparition was hideous to me, and in G those few instants I suffered-oh ! I suffered c more of irresistible agony, more of awful , dread of the supernatural than in my whole h life put together. h The apparition spoke. " Oh, sir, you can do me a great service 1" I tried to reply, but my tongue, my lips, refused to do their work;alow breathing sound alone from my parched and aching throat. * n Again the lips of the appairtion moved. t ." Will you I You have the power to save me, c tocureme. Iamsuffering frightfully;oh, sod frightfully !" s As she uttered these words, in a tone too I weird and instrument-like to be human, she S let herself drop gently and slowly into a tl sitting position on the sofa. p " Will you 2" again came from those pale, c thin blue lips, a I tried to say " Yes," but nothing save a low, hissing sound escaped me. 'Twas all I was capable of, and so I bowed my head in r sign of acquiescence. With this she drew s from under the folds of her white gown a large-toothed tortoise-shell comb, and, hold- v ing it out to me, whispered : "Comb my hair, r oh, comb my hair 1 It will cure me, it will s stop this pain ; it's the only way. Look at my I head. See how I am suffering ; it will drag me down to death!" i As she sat there her wonderful head of heir 1 fell around her like an enveloping cloud, its edges resting upon the floor. Why did 1 i attempt to obey why did I reach out a tremulous hand for that comb, and why did I t take hold of those thick strands of hair, the t the touch of which sent shivers of coldness a through my hands and arms as if I were toy- I ing with strings of serpents ! I cannot tell s you, my friends, but believe me when I say that that sensation of cold is here yet and < that I can feel it now. A horrible fascination I came upon me as I set to work. Cold and 1 heat by turns struck me deep in the very 1 vitals. I was caressing the dead, toying with haircold and dank from the tomb. Oh, it was dreadful and yet it was heavenly I 1 Gradually my strength came to me. I was an adept in the use of a comb. for almost daily I was wont to comb and braid my I borse's mane. I couldn't see whether an expression of comfort had stolen over that I white face, but I could hear that low breath ing, that softened groan which means relief from pain, as I proceeded with my work. Separating that luxuriant growth into several parts, I took up each in turn and combdd it to its full length. Then gather- i ing them all together. I began to braid them, 1 and as my fingers lost more and more the stifneess which fear had caused, I went faster to the end. She bowed her head and con tinned to give forth those softenel groans which seemed almost like the purring of a cat. Suddenly she murmured a word of thanks, and reaching out quickly took the comb from my hand and darted out of the room, disappearing in the darkness of the half-opened door, more like a spectre than ever. The moment I found myself alone there came upon me that dazed feeling so common to anyone escaping from the chains of some dreadful nightmare. The spell was broken, all sense of fear had vanished, and I could feel the blood tingling back into my veins again. I was enraged at my own weakness. I felt like a man who had been tricked and gulled by mischief-loving friends. I deter mined to follow the midnight visitant, and sprang after her, but the door was looked. I threw myself against it with a furious an sluaght. It held firmly, however. Just then my horse, which I had tied at theporte cocnere, cave a long, loud neigh of impatience. It startled me strangely, for it seemed to be the call of a friend to hasten out of the chiiteau where my foolhardiness might cost me my life. I obeyed, and dashing down the! stairway at the risk of breaking my neck I I groped my way outdoor, and sprang into the saddle. The faithful animal seemed over joyed to have me on his back again and was off with a bound. How long we took to reach Rouen I don't know. The moment I hadswallowed alittle break fast I set out to find Saint-Grey to give him his letters, to tell him of my strange adven ture in the old chateau and ask him for an explanation. Judge of my surprise. nay, my amazement, I to find that he had abandoned his lodgings late the night before. Where had he gone 1 None knew. It took a week or so for me to recover my habitual composure of body and mind, and, happily for me, my regiment was t shortly after this ordered to Algiers. Upon I my return from Algiers my health was sI impaired by African fever that I determinel to resign from the army and make a tour B through the new world. It was while I a was getting ready for this extended trip that I again came upon the Saint-Gery letters while packing away some books and souvenirs that I wishedtoleave in Paris. Bya strange coincidence, that very day I met another Ii college chum, who informed me that Saint Gery was lead ; that he had disappeared most mysteriously from Rouen, and that after the lapse of several years the authorities had accidently come upon proof which con vinced them that he had committed suicide. F (The letters were opened by the Marquis.) They were (he told his hearers) wildly, ' almost tempestuously, passionate, and more h than ever was I convinced that Saint-Gery's reason had always been moreor less unfixed. In every letter there was some reference to Aurore's glorious head of hair, and I now n felt sure that I had seen not Aurora herself, s] but her spirit; that she had been foully si murdered by Saint-Gery in an access of rage or jealousy. Upon unsealing the third package I found a heavy tress of golden u hair at least five feet in length. It had t] been cut from Aurore's head by SainteGery. d Some years after, whilst hunting in the north-east of France, I was overtaken by a terrific storm. I urged my guide to find a n shelter as speedily as possible. He assared p me that there was not a roof within four miles of us, and scarcely were the words out of his mouth before I caught sight of what V seemed to me to be a charccal-burner's cot In on the edge of the forest, about half a mile I distant. "Nay, my lord, not there," exclaimed the man with a gesture of dread. "It might mean death to us both!" t 'Death to us both i" I echoed. "Yes," returned the man," the cot is in habited by a madman. or one nearly so." b But the storm was now increasing in fury, and madman or no madman I was deter- . mined to seek shelter there. As our knock ing called forth no response, I pushed the door upon. In the centre of the room stood a man of low statue with shaggy hair and long, matted beard, white as the driven a snow. At a glance the man's eyes told me t1 whom I had come upon. It was Saint-Grey. I There could be no mistaking him. Each of his hands grasped a pistol and he burst out furiously: "Halt ! Another step and I'll shoot you 81 both down, you infamous minions of the law! si I know what you've come for-to arrest me for murder, and you're right, too, but I'm re solved to sell my life dearly; yes, dearlyjust sI for the pleasure of killing. Ha, ha, ha! " "Nay, sir, you mistake us entirely," I cried out in a friendly way. "We are not officers, but merely travellers who crave the shelter c' of your roof. We will do no harm." In an d instant his fury left him, and he held out his k hand to me. "Saint-Gery," I cried, "old friend, dont yon recognise me, your old schoolmate De la Tour- O Samuel!" sI But myuwords made no impress upon his as disordered mind. He was hopelessly insane. Hopelessly? And yet.whyl thought l as I sat gazing upon the awful mental and physiciai wreck before me. If I could but persuade T him, little as I believed it myself, that Aurore u still lived, that I had seen her, touched her, E talked with her in the old chitean near Bouen, possibly I might be able to call his wandering reason back again. My mind b was made up at once. As I contemplated re- s] maining in that region as long as the hunt. - ing season lasted, 1 would send to Paris for the three packages anl deliver them to him. The sight of these letters. the touch of Aurore's beautiful hair, together with the fi sound of voice might gradually make Saint- 1 Cery better. Alas! MIan proposes, but God disposes. 1 carried out my programme to the letter. I covertly laid the three pack. ' ages on Saint-Gery's table one evening, and d then left him alone with those reminders of other days. The next morning I found the door locked. We burst the door open. There sat Saint Gery at the table with his head supported on t one hand, and his eyes apparently riveted upen somhthihg held in the other. "Saint Gery, old friend, how are you to- day!" I called as [laid my hand on his shoulder. He ' was dead. He had died sitting there with 1 his eyes fixed upou the strand of Aurore's hair. 