Hours With Great Men AND THEIR WORKS. JAMES THOMPSON, AUTHOR OF 'THE SEASONS.' fCONCIiTTKED.I Thompson's description of a fox hunt, and of the orgies which in his day usually took plaoe when the hunt was over and the hunters had dined, has been often quoted; and let us hope. for the credit of sober human nature, that such scenes as he has described do not take place, even after a fox hunt, in the present day. The robber of henroosts — the wily fox — has died hard and uncomplaining, torn by 100 mouths, and his brain less pursuers have returned to the hall, where a banquet awaits them. Having dined on substan tial fare Then sated hunger bids his brother thirst Prodnce the mighty bowl ; the mighty bowl, Swelled high with, fiery juice steams liberal round A potent gale. Well, we know perfectly well how this mighty bowl mates fools and assea of those who imbibe too much of its contents. The foxhunters engage in smoking and pretty' games for a short time, but — At last these puling idlenesses laid Aside, frequent and full, the dry divan, Close in firm circle; and set, ardent, in For serious drinking1. Nor evasion sly, Nor sober shift, is to the puking_ wretch Indulged apart ; bnt earnest, brimming bowls Lave every soul, the floating table round, And pavement, faithless to the fuddled foot. Thus as they swim in mutual swill, the talk, Vociferous at once from twenty tongues, Heels fast from theme to theme; from horses, hounds, To church or mistress, politics or ghost, In endless mazes, intricate, perplexed. Meatime, with sadden interruption, load, The impatient catch bursts from the joyous heart; That moment touched is each congenial soul; And, opening m a full-mouthed cry of joy, The laugh, the ship, the jocund curse go ronnd ; While from their slumbers shook, the kennelled hounds Mix in the music of the day again. As when the tempest that hap vexed the deep The dark night long, with fainter murmur falls. So gradual sinks their mirth. Their feeble tongues, Unable to take up the cumbrous word, Lie quite dissolved. Before their maudlin eyes, Seen dim and blue, the double tapers dance, Like the sun wading through the misty sky. Then, sliding soft, they drop. Confused above Glasses and bottles, pipes and gazetteers, As if the table even itself was drunk. Lie a wet broken scene ; and wide, below, Is heaped the eocial slaughter — where astride The lubber power in filthy triumph sits, Slumbrous inclining still from side to side, And steeps them- drenched in potent sleep till morn, Perhaps some doctor of tremendous paunch, Awful and deep, a black abyss of drink, Outlives them all, and from his buried nook Retiring full of rumination sad, Laments the weakness of these latter times. At these orgies those who were hopelessly drunk and were prostrate on the floor were re garded as the ' dead men ' of the party. This fact shows the appropriateness of the old English song entitled 'Down amongst the dead man,' inasmuch as those who were too drunk to honor the toasts proposed by the stronger guests were only fit to lie sprawling among the filth and swill whiah unsteady hands had thrown upon the floor. Here's a health to the King and lasting peace, To faction an end, and to wealth increase ; Come, let's drink it while we have breath, For there's no drinking after death. And he that will this health deny, Down amongst the dead men, Down amongst the dead men, Down, down, down, Down amongst the dead men let him lie ! Let charming beauty's health go round, In whom celestial joys are found, May confusion still purBue The senseless women-hating crew ; Chorus — And they that women's health deny, &o;» In smiling Bacnhus's joys I'll roll, Deny no pleasure to my soul ; Let Bacchus' health ronnd briBkly move, For Bacchus is a friend to love ; Chorus — And he that will this health deny, &c.; May love and wine their rights maintain, And their united pleasures reign, While Bacchus' treasure crowns the board, We'll sing the joys that both afford; Chorus— And they that won't with us comply, &c.; It is easy for onr sober readers to imagine the maudlin enthusiasm with which this song would be sung by a party of English squires and squi reen a filled to the very brim with potent punch or wine. Our poefs description of an autumnal evening and of the nigrht that follows has, perhaps, never been excelled. He says : The western sun withdraws the shortened day; And humid evening, gliding o'er the sky, In her chill progress, to the ground condensed The vapors throw. Where creeping waters ooze, Where marshes stagnate, and where rivera wind, Cluster the rolling fogs, and swim along The dusky-mantled lawn. Meanwhile the moon, Full-orbed, and breaking through the scattered clouds, Shows her broad visage in the crimson east. Turn'd to the sun direct, her spotted disc, Where mountains rise, umbrageous dales descend, And caverns deep, as optic tube descries, A smaller earth, gives us bis blaze again, Void of its flame, and sheds a softer day. Now through the passing cloud she seems to stoop, Now up the pure cerulean rides sublime. Wide the pale deluge floats, and streaming mild O'er the skied mountains to the shadowy Vale, While rocks and floods reflect the quivering gleam, The whole air whitens with a boundless tide Of silver radiance, trembling round the world. An ordinary mortal would see nothing more in the phenomena which the poet describes than the phenomena of an ordinary moonlit night, whereas men endowed with poetic sensibility would discover in these phenomena many beau ties which are hidden from unpoetic natures. Men of genius are more keenly alive than are other men to all those ideas and emotions which the beauties of nature and art are adapted to inspire. The bluebell blooms upon the heath more beautifully, the wild rose blushes on the rock or in the mountain deli more deeply, the landscape glows beneath the morning or evening sun more eoftly, and the ocean rolls its billows on the shore more grandly for men of genius than for common souls. Every stone becomes to them a preacher ; every spray that trembles in the breeze provides them with a text, and from some wild bird's song they can ex tract 'some beautiful morality.' Less gifted organisms would regard a mountain simply as a jutting prominence on the earth's surf ace — a mere protrusion of rock and dirt, but a poet would find in it both a story and a revelation. Hundreds of men have wandered through forests, round lakes, and over mountains, without being able to detect the natural wonders of such localities, but no Booner does a naturalist visit places of this kind than the air becomes burdened with the rustle of innumerable wings, and the landscape begins to bloom like an enchanted garden. These glimpses of autumnal phenomena, as seen throagh Thompson's eyes, might be fitly con cluded by introducing the romantic story of Palemon and Lavinia's love-making and mar riage, but crowded space forbids. The tale, com mencing ' With the lovely young Lavinia once had friends,' is known to every fairly- educated schoolboy, and is merely the ancient biblical story of 'Ruth and Boaz' retold, with slight embel lishments and variations. Before we proceed further our courteous readers will probably permit us to refer to a certain young lady welt known to the poet, a d -who died at the early age of 18 years, in the year 1738\. Thompson was a bachelor, and from what he has left on record respecting the virtues and accomplishments of this young lady we may reasonably infer that he cherished for her a feeling considerably warmer than ordinary friendship. In a church at Southampton there is a tablet in scribed with a glowing eulogium on her accom plishments and virtues, and this eulogium was written by Thompson. He alludes to her in his ' Summer,' when speaking of that angelic band whose voices are sometimes heard by the contem plative poet 'swelling to seraphic strain : And art thou, Stanley, of that sacred band ? Alas for us too soon ! Thou, raised above The reach of human pain, above the flight Of human joy ; yet with a mingled ray Of sadly pleased remembrance, must thon feel A mother's lovp, a mother's tender wee ; Who seeks thee still, in many a former scene ; Seeks thy fair form, thy lovely beaming eyes, j Thy pleasing converse, by gay lively sense Inspired ; where moral wisdom mildly shone, Without tha toil of art ; and virtue glowed la all her Bmiles without forbidding pride. The epitaph which he wrote on this lady is in the same strain : Here, Stanley ! rest, escaped this mortal Btrife, Above the joys, beyond the woes of life. Fierce pangs no more thy lively beauties stain, And sternly try thee with a year of pain ; No more sweet patience feigning oft relief ; Lights thy sick eye to cheat a parent's grief; With tender art to save her anxious groan, No more thy bosom presses down its own ; For well-earned peace is thine, and bliss sincere ; Ours be the lenient, not unpleasing tear ! O, born to bloom, then sink beneath the storm To show us Virtue in her fairest form, To show ss artless reason's moral reign What boastful science arrogates in vain. With more remarks to the same effect, all showing how much the poet mourned the lady's death. All doubt, however, on this point is set aside by the ode which he wrote commemorating his love for her. This ode has bees set to music by various song-tmtera. Tell me, thou soul of her I love, Ah ! tell me whither art thou fled ? To what delightful world above, Appointed for the happy dead ? Or dost thou free at pleasure roam, And sometimes share thy lover's woe ? Where void of thee, his cheerless home, Can now, alas ! no comfort know ? Oh ! if thou hov*rest round my walk, While under ev'ry well-known tree I to thy fancied shadow talk, And ev'ry tear is full of thee ; Should then the weary eye of grief, Beside some sympathetic stream, In slumber find a short relief, Oh 2 visit thou my soothing dream. Thompson commences his poem 'Winter' thus: See Winter comes, to rule the varied year, Sullen and sad, with all his rising train ; Vapors and clouds and storms. Be these my theme. These - that exalt the soul to solemn thought I And heavenly musing. Welcome kindred glooms ! I Congenial horrors hail ! With frequent foot I Pleased have I in my cheerful morn of life, I When nursed by careless solitude I lived, I And sung of nature with unceasing joy. I Pleased have I wandered through your rong-h domain; I Trod the pure virgin snows, myself as pure ; I Heard the winds roar and the big torrent burst; I Or seen the deep fermenting tempest brewed I In the grim evening sky. ? The poet describes the first approach of winter, I then pourtrays in graphic language storms of I wind, rain and snow, draws a melancholy but I beautiful picture of a man perishing in the snow, I refers to the ravages of wolves as they descend I from the Alps and Apennines, describes a winter I evening as spent by philosophers, by country I people and in cities, and finally shows how winter I operates within the polar circle and the effect that I a thaw produces. The picture of a man perishing I in the snow is beautifully and forcibly drawn. I Although in this favored climate we are oc- I casionaily afflicted by storms of wind and I rain which, sometimes cause onr rivers to overflow I their banks and produce widespread desolation, I yet, excepting on our mountain lands, we never ? see snow. A scene like that which the poet de- ? scribes could not possibly take place beneath the ? genial skies which cover the greater part of Ana- I tralia. He writes: fl As thus the snow arise ; and foul, and fierce, I All winter drives along the darkened air j fl In hie own loose-revolving fields the swain fl Disastered stands ; sees other hUle ascend, B Of unknown joyless brow ; and other scenes ? Of horrid prospect, shag the trackless plain, ? Nor finds the river, nor the forest hid U Beneath the formless wild ; but wanders on I From hill to dale, still more and more astray ; I Impatient flouncing through the drifted heaps, H Stung with the thoughts of home ; the thoughts of m home ? Burst on his nerves and call their vigor forth ? I In many a vain attempt. How sinks his soul! H With black despair, what horror fills his heart ! B When for the dusky spot which fancy feigned fl His tufted cottage rising through the snow, B He meets the roughness of the middle waste, Bj Far from the track and blest abode of man ; fl While round him night resistless closes fast, fl And every tempest howling o'er his head, I Benders the savage wilderness more wild. flj Then through the 'busy shapes into his mind fl Of covered pits cnfathomably deep, fl A dire descent ! Beyond the power of frost ; Bj Of faithless bogs ; of precipices huge, Bj Siroothed up with snow ; and, what is Land, unknown, Bj With water of thetstill unfrozen spring flj In the loose marsh or solitary lake H Where the fresh fountain from the bottom boils. flj These check his fearful steps ; and down he sinks Hj Beneath the shelter of the shapeless drift, flj Thinking o'er all the bitterness of death. K Mixed with the tender anguish Nature shoots H Through the wrung bosom of the dying mas, Ej His wife, his children, and his friends unseen. I In vain for him the officious wife prepates H The fire fair blazing and the vestment warm ; fl In vain his little children, peeping out, I Into the mingling storm, demand their sire I With tears of artless innocence. Alas ! ? Nor wife, nor children, more shall he behold. I Nor friends, nor sacred home. On every nerve H The deadly winter seizes ; shuts up sense; fl And o'er his inmost vitals creeping cold B Lays him along the snow a stiffened corpse B Stretched out and bleaching in the northern blast. fl A portion of the concluding passage in this m poem indicates that he regarded the phenomena I of the seasons as representative of the phenomena ? of human life. He sings : R 'Tis done, dread winter spreads his latest glooms I And reigns tremendous o'er the conquered year. flj How dead the vegetable kingdom lies ! How dumb the tuneful ! Horror wide extends His desolute domain. Behold, fond man ! See here thy piutured life ; pass some few years— Thy flowering spring, thy summer's ardent strength, Thy sober autumn fading into age, And pale concluding winter com.es at last And shuts the scene. Ah ! whither now ire fled Those dreams of greatness P Those unsolid hopee Of happiness ? Those longings after fame ? Those restless cares : Those busy bustling days ? Those gay-spent festive nights? Those veering thoughts; Lost between good and ill that shared thy life? .All now are vanished ! Virtue, sole survives, Immortal, never-failinsr friend of man, The guide to happiness on high. We can assure our readers that they will find Thompson's other works — Ms 'Castle of Indo lence,' 'Liberty,' minor poems and dramas very readable, and distinguished by many pass ages replete with brilliant imagery and much lyric beauty. 