POLITICAL POINTS. Therk was an uuuBually large amount of formal business on the Assembly paper on Wednesday, and It was well on to half-past 4 before the House got to the orders of the day. First, the Speaker announoed the receipt of a message from the Governor cover ing His Exoellency'a assent to the Bill for the encouragement of the export of meat and dairy produce; and in this connection it may be noted that these messages from Government House, which have hithorto been brought down by a fiercc-looking aide-de-camp in gorgeous regimentals, we now presented by the Premier, who seems determined to dispense with much of the mummery that has in the past attonded Parliamentary procedure. Already he has deprived the Assembly of the eervitee ofthat veryataid but very useless official th* eergeaqt at-arms, who, in black-beetle uniform, used to escort Mr. Speaker into the chamber once a day and keep awake to touch a bell-button at intervals as required daring the rest of the sitting. And the Council has lost its Usher and his black rod. The attempt Sir Thomas is making to run a Constitutional colony with out a black rod shows the dariug of the man. Unless checked by some fearful disaster,hs may press his reforms to a still-more dangerous point, until one day we will tipd the Upper House and the Labor -party and the Opposition in the Assembly formally abolished by procla mation. . . . . . . » . THREE new Bills were introduced and car ried through the preliminary stage, and the Treasurer obtaiuea leave to suspend the Stand ing Orders to enable an Appropriation Bill to be pushed right through and sent on to the Lords for their concurrence. - Mr. HclsoB wanted a quarter of a ralliionon pebouuh and the House gave It to him without a murmur. The process of getting a money bill through it as quaint as it u cumbersome, and never fails to evoke eipressionsof sarpriseirooi the new members of new Parliament*. For more Una hijf an hour on Tuesday the Speaker M)d roe Chairman were dodging iu ana out of their respective chairs, in obedience to motions mumbled from the Treasury bench, receiving and reporting resolutions, which were adopted and referred rack and made tbc basis of thk Bill which Mr. Nelson in dne course produced from his despatch-box, and wbiob was kurried through its first and second readings, com mitted, reported without amendment, inti tuled, passed, and sent away by (be clerk assistant of the Assembly, who delivered it tp the clerk assistant of the Council, whom be met midway in the lobby betsreen the two chambers; and thus the little pantomime was brought to an end. It wasgetting on towards 5 o'clock when the consideration of the Esti mates was resumed, . » ' e . . . . Mr. Pauf had very little difficulty in getting the votes for. the Works Department through. The Works have taken over the buildings branch of the Education office, which is to epend £10,000 this year; and but for this faot the department would have little or nothing to do, and next to nothing to spend. There was some discussion, initiated by Mr. Morgan, on the disgraceful way in which the work in the new wing of the Par liamentary buildings was scamped ; but ithe Minis tersi^d both the architeot and the foreman of works, bad been got rid of. Mr.. Petfie wanted a modest little sum of MS,009 epen't on a new museum for the city, the present building to be converted into a free library at a further outlay of £10,000 or £15,000. He neglected, however, to say where the funds were to come from. Anitemof £600 for a new morgue for the city oauglit Mr. Hoolan's eye, and he promptly made it the subject of a char acteristic speeon, and subsequently di vided the Committee, but was distanced in division. Mr. Philp explained that the old building bad been earned away by the Februaty floods. The leader of the Labor Party regarded a morgue as a luxury, rather than a necessity, tie was sorry to see the Minister tryiug to engiueer a dead-house through the Committee. It was not necessary | people should claim their own dead. Were they likely U> have stn outbreak of cholera or suicidal mania that the Government placed auch a vote on the Esti mates ! Xbey wail ted quite . number of other things before a dead-house. They wanted ten times 1500 for an agricultural college, pr the vote of £500 ml/lit be distributed in five little rata of £100 each, and do a great deal of good. There were many rooms in the Treasury Buildings Mid in ParlUment House and the Museum whhm Mnll be used for a morgue when neoessity arose. Mr. Hoolan was deserted by some of the members of his own party In the vote which he called for. But he uad his little growl, and that apparently was all he wanted. ' THE member for Croydon (Mr. Browne), one of the most thoughtful and painstaking mem bers of the Labor party, draw attention to an anomaly in the vote for buildings. It was proposed to spend £9000 on buUdingiior the Defence Force, and only £500 on hospitals generally. To the honorable member this was T»ra "staggerer." He knew of cases in whioh tents served ont by the polloe formed the only hospital accommodation, and he con sidered that able-bodied men in the Defence Force could live in tents far better than sick men could, ft was ouly right that drill sheds should be provided for the Dcfenoe Forcc, but if it came to a question of choosing between the two he bad po hesitation in saying he would, rather see the whole of the Defenoe Force drilling in the open air, in a tropical t hun derstorm, than see two siok men lying in the open air, He moved an amendment to reduce the item by £1000, and, the Minister offering i no objection, the reduction was agreed to on the voioes. SINCE the Alioe-street wing was added to the Parliamentary buildings several members of the Ministry have had bedrooms fitted up, and may be eaid to " live on the premises. The Treasurer has a room on the ground floor, the Premier hits a room on the first floor, ana the Attorney-General and the Minister for Lsnds have rooms on the second floor. They sleep In these rooms when the House sits late, and have their meals in the refreshment room hard by. Mr. McDonald had heard that these sleeping apartments were furnished in luxurious style, at the expense of the country of ooune, and he wanted to know if it was true. He was told that one of the ohairs in the Attorney General's room bad cost £5. That .was luxury, and no mistake. Mr. Philp said all the talk about luxurious furnishings was so much moonshine. The resedential Ministers were men of simple tastes, and the furnishing of their rooms had not cost mote than £50 or £60. The Premier confirmed what his col league had saiil; the ronms were as simply furnished as any one could desire. Did mem bers deny his right to occupy a private room in the building? If they turned him out of his bedroom, they must also turn him ont of office. As tho t was u prospeot too serious to bo entertained, the Minister was at once authorised to pay for the furniture, and it was agreed to say no more about the matter. THE passage of the Estimates for the Law Department was delayed for tnoro than two hours by a debate on the Kobb case, initiated by Mr. Morgan, who described the whole pro ceedings as little belter than a public scandal. The fees paid on the Crown sldo were uupreoe dentedly high, three taemben of the House drawingnearly £8000 between them, while the proceedings were undnly protracted by the men who were drawing those fees. He quoted a statement from an English paper to the effect that Sir Ohartea Russell's fee as leading tiounsol for Great Britain iu the Behring Sea international arbitration cue wu £3000, and asked the committee to compare that amount with the amondt of tlie |£ paid to Crown counsel in the Robb«ase- 'jHiin was no prin ciple involved in the Brab oaae, the only thirgcf magnitude about It waa the amonnt claimed ; whereas in the Behring Bea diepula principles of international law were Involved \--the iaaue waa peace or war, the a&orifice; of mllliona of money and countfeasthouaandaDf Uvea. Yet 8ir Charles Rusatll, leading coup eel for England "to that oaae, gat v«J little more than each ot the two junior counsel for the Government got in the Hobb oaae. * * * ,*.<.* * . THE Attorney-General made a vigorous defenoe of hia own and the lateChlef 8e®%- - tary'a connection with the cue, and claimed that the feea which they bad been paid W)eM not excesaive. They were lea* (ban bad been paid in other oelebrated oolooM caaea. The coae waa not, aa had been at*ted by the member for Warwick, a simple one; on (fee contrary, it waa full of intricacies. Counael for the Grown had aaved the country £SU0,{KM -and he looked npoo that u .a great victory. There bad been nothing approaching impro priety in the conduct of the cue lor the Crown. He challenged the atatemesit tfctt SirCharlea Ruuell bad only recelved £ao0O for hia aervicea In the Behrfog 8e*taieet.bla information waa that be received MSOOmkI 000guineas a day. The Premier also MeMMd the oondnct of the caae lor the CroWn,«adtke feea paid to counael { he had approved ofthe latter, and thought they were< * No doubt there waa a general too many lawyer* were employed in I but, aa far aa the Government,irate/: they were forced Into the poeltf'-' idea of arbitration waa that nb' to appear ait all. The very prj tratlon waa that the ai)bitntm and were supposed to take tbe t>«<x and judges. Arbitration would al miatakd aa long aa lauyera werfiadn. the great leoon they ought toteeral they bad gone tbrougih waa (r believed the Government'had ( to have any arbitration for I either party waa allowed' to a] . * . > f Tbe membera for Faaaifern, don, Bourke, and ether* allM leaa strongly againat die wttav. turoipUw oostaon tbe Crown I Groom, tbfe 'Leader of the On moat of the ,MinIsterial aoppor silent. Empflqi Minister*, 1 aimoat (be only member nlliiutmww aide who apokeotft ,bb thebtjeatloft wm the ease bad beenlooked ntmi in hia electorate , exorbitant .ttharge* made by «h* pail Wi wb [ gaged In it, Proteitshad /been b^faaUvfer 1 tbe country againat tbe exorbitant dUma&ds; made on the oonntry. He thought there waa some Jnatioe In the contention of the member for Warwick thatlegsl membemlfcoMdl* put on the qame footing as other ipembej* of tbe House, and not be allowedtoaocept feea from the Government While thiilTiMi|Bljii bets of the Home. He trusted the dlscoaiibo would have the effect of emphaaUbu: tbe protest made againat the feea ]ra to awwl tor theCromi; whtohhaaatooOlad riawMtbo a aoandaL He had bohesltatioakii hia opinion. He trusted that lU MMaa some very drastic maaaUraitWwaiia taken to put legal tnattera la a bfctterfnsltten than they bad been in the paat. ', > > #£ « . . . f Asa protest againat the extnavaganoe which he contended had ehanoteriaed the conduct of thecajejpr tbe Crow^jar. Morgan 9ft*fd an amendment toreduoethe vote for general expenaea" in^ccnpcUon with theLawjasmrt ment by Jti, agd a dlvialbn wu taken aocai after 10 o'otyok, Vithtbe molt (tMjjjfee amendment was negatived by 88 to 17. llie MlnlaterielfoUowera voted wild. UaiOnp Walkedtoitddfthe barTto ahow tbe strict diaintenatednesa wbicb is so oharactttiatic of hia conduct on all occasions.: SouEtime back the member ' called for copies of.oorrer" *;J tion with tbe estabftshm agricultural collage, about % heard a year ago, bnt of which 1 The paper* ware tabled in duet. Wedoeaday a motion by Mr. Mtf them printed was agreed to.'1 L_, fiubllewlil eocm know ul about (fa t la understood that tmly ttrb W" land free for tbe purposes of thefl reoeived. The first of these einli the Hon. J. D. Maaanth, bf CanUl; the other from the Messrs.<Gore, o. The proprietors of Gowrie, oearM were prepared to sell at M amoKe.'-: L berg putln a claim, sand tbe lata Mr. DaVld Clarke also spoke upsm Jbebalf of tbe DcgUbo scrub, in the Maryborough ? ' * T iiorcl>lo>«o[ .Qalby^jun. and ri^mmendarfiw^rom ftqfeaso^MUon wraith^^^w^^^^^^^d the achsrne. * IHE Miniater for Kailwaya 1 _ .rLveUlog of twelve, to attebfmeetipgi ' etles; un'Mr. MoSon, npu donalfl, having *U,ted thl). i by the Treaaury of tl^e pro; by tbe old banka to 'the ite ., decided by the Cabinet-bot to * duty on those transfera, the i to we ooDsiderallon of the B... whioU wae down for a«oimd Nelaon, who bad ohane of tb« measniv, ex plained that It was amply deaignW the oonvenienoe of oonugneea, altlM been put to a«ood dad of npaaqufwrftpoable la the paat In making payments unaer the Act. It waa not propoaed to alter.the du bera representing seaside electotitea) the Inawicb bunch, whose oity of a* altuated it the bead of nbvigatipL, approval of . the Bill, and as House were tin ao way interfiled, reading was'awreed/toon the wipe*.; ,Xb|Mly incident worthy of notioe occurred ^M)Mr. Cribb, a member of the well known. Inwifh mercantile firm, rote to speak. " Mr. Bpaljkir,'' aaid Mr. Cribb. " Mr. Foote,''n«>wdM Mr. 8peaker. Now, Mr. Cribb is not|n.4M|Mt like Mr. Foote. But" the firm" WM avwiBUtly in the mind of tbe Speaker, who did $$tnotice hia own error. , j . . . . . . : .!:?> f-:. THE oonaideration of the CouncllVwblMd menta in the Ca-operative'Land. UttiMnent Bill came next. Only one of theae wasjof.any Importance. It was a .proviso to'M.II| decreeing that every man who was MH#ted to a labor oolooy should be "-deemed to^e in the reoelpt of aid from a charitable,JfNtltt tion." Only thai, and nothing more. It - looked innocent enough { bttt i^(fijfTto an angry storm, and plaaed *toOliM»Ms»t|it In a rather equivocal.poaltioni SiiDraV KaMn, the effeot of the amendment would be to de prive the labor ooloniata of their VM^s.' Mr. Barlow moved that the amendment be "(freed to. But the Loader of the Opposition aaa tbe members of the Labor Party would not' baVe it at any prioe. Mr. Hoolan, in hiaownname, and on behalf of hia follower*, formally v re nonnoed Mr. Barlow and hia Bill, and belched forth a perfect tornado of invective againat the member* of the Government, the memben of the Council, and their abortive Bill, whlob, in Its altered condition, hedeacribed in language mure, expriessive than elegant- langaage that ought not to havo been Indulged In within ear shot of a gallery reserved for tbe use of ladies. Aa time went on, aud member after member on tho Government aide got op to denounoe the amendment, it became more and mora pk||ir that there wu a strong obanoe of. pl*CUg Miniater* in a minority 1 Md tbe whips wees brought into play on both aides. At 8 o'olooki the Opposition- elate at the prospect of iic tory-pained the word round lor silence, «ml | Immefltately afterwahlB the q ligation wag pul. I tTlwChaipnan said he thought the "no.«' . haAit^vniLMinistcra, deeming 'discretion the better part of valor, refrained from calling fur ft division, with the roimlt that the hiiikikI meat was negatived. Mr. Powers and Mr. HooUn were naturally very proud of their vfc tory. Ministers, equally naturally, were very lavage at what wu to all Intents and purposes a defeat. . ...... THE Treasurer's estimates were discussed until nearly midnight, the talk coming chiefly from the Government cross-benches. Mr. ' Nelson rose at intervals to rebuke his unruly supporters ; but thoy kept on just the Baine. Progress was fairly pond, however, and when the House rose, in time to allow members to go to bed before the ghosts got up, it was agreed that-all things considered-a very fair day's work had been done. . 1 * . * . . . THE Legislative Council have agreed to the : second reading of the Bill to alter the consti tution of the Upper House, substituting the .lectlvp for the nominee basis. Speaking on .' the question, tbe Hon. J. D. Macansh said ho was averse to dealing with the measure iu a ; .hurried manner. After the proposed change ha4 been folly ventilated by the Press, the Counoil would be in a much better position .to, deal with the Bill than they were now. He Was opposed to the Bid as a whole. He did not think a partly elective and a partly nominee j; system Would work well. It would be far tetter to nave only one House than two Houses if one was to be merely a reflo* of the other, i! Thh toOlidenation of the matter should at all .vents be postponed till next session. He did not approve of the single electorate* proposed 4H t&e; tneaaure ( he would prefer, say, eight divisions, each returning four or five members. Each voter ahould only be permitted to vote ' tilt tat candidate. In that way it would be possible, be thought, to oonstitute n Con , 1 .Mrvative House, yet at the aame tirop one thic would be representative of both majorities and minorities. Was It, he askod, worth ,, while, in view of a possible early federation of " the colonies; to alter tbe constitution of the Legislative Council ? The second reading was agreed to on the voioes. but the BUI is not -1 SfieljrlA hWomte da'w this year. 