TUNGAMAH SHIRE COUNCIL. Monday, November 6th, 1893. Present: Cr Fell (president), nnd the full council. Or Conway tlie newly elected member, for the Central riding, i made the usual declaration and took I his seat. The minutes of' last meeting were read and confirmed, and the ootward correspondence approved of. CORRKSPOWDKlfC*. From Lands and Survey Depart ment, in reply, stating that there is nothing on the plans of that Deport ment to indicate any justification for fencing the corner of certain road on the south side of E. Coxon’s property, Dunbulbalune.—Cr Aston moved and Cr Thomas seconded, that the Depart ment be furnished with a copy of Dlan showing same. From Secretary, Victorian Rail ways, stating that at the recent interview the Hon. G. Graham, and Mr J. Fell, ,J.P. had with the Minister of Railways re the Dookie and Katamatite Tramway,, it was arranged that the shire make a written application on the'matter, and sagSeating same to be sent at an early j date.—Complied with. j From same; in reply, stating that it is reported that the cnlverts on the | railway near Devenish had been ex-j amined, and were all in good order.— j Referred to Water Trust. ’From same, acknowledging letter re-1 questing that the Katamatite tramway be taken over - by the Government.— i Received. pointing Out thtk’' ^ obtaining, from tjina to time; ixrftirtna tiori-- from the. Officer of Health in, regard to the-prevalence of disease in the district, so that they would be in a position to judge whether ' necessary measures had been taken, and to advise the council in regard to any further action advantageous. The Board fur ther requested the prompt transmission of the Health Officer’s reports to that body.— Received. From Public Works Department, stating that Mr F. G. T. Nicholas had been appointed Government auditor to this shire, also that the fees had been fixed as under:—Government auditor,• £1 lls 61; elected auditor, £2 2s, for every day when actually engaged in auditing, each day exceft the last to consist of seven hoars. —Received. From same re adjustment of accounts between the Shires of Tungamah and Yarrawqnga, and requesting to be in formed whether the Tungamah Shire Council had made any arrangement for the settlement of the matters in dis pute by a conference at Yarrawonga, as verbally settled some time ago._ Received. From same, stating that the Shire Council of Yarrawonga had now asked that an order may be made nnder sub section 5 of section 14 of the £acal Government Act 1890,' for the adjust ment of accouuts between that shire and Tungamah. It is therefore re quested that the council would be good enough to appoint representatives to discuss the subject at Yarrawonga on a day to be fixed by the Department, which would cause an officer to be pre sent.—Received Rrom Treasury, stating that from the endowment payable to the Shire a Tungamah for the current half-year of deduction of 25 per cont had been made, viz., £153, and credited to revenue a* interest; on account of the Dookie to Katamatite tramway loan ; also enquiring what arrangements the shire wsb making to pay off the balance of the interest overdue.—Received. From Shire of Nutnnrkah, enquiring whether the council. intended proceed ing with the formation of the boundary road near the south-west angle of Naring., and if so to describe the exact locality, as their engineer was in doubt on that point.—Cr Aston moved, and Cr Kennedy seconded, that the secre tary supply the necessary information. —Qarrjed, From Shire of Ripon, urging the co operation of the council in supporting action tq obtain gn amendment of the law with regard to shire’s disability to avail themselves of a natural water course or depression for drainage pur poses without incurring heavy costs for drainage works, etc., as evidenced in the recent case Barry v. Greswick Shire.—Cr . White moved that the council co-operate; it was impossible to construct roads if that law were carried out in its entirety. Or Deagan sec onded. Or Willis supported, if they could not take the water over natural depression legally, they could not make roads. . Cr Aston moved that the matter be adjourned for one month to enable councillors to have an oppor tunity of looking into the whole ques tion. The President seconded the amendment, Cr Kennedy would sup port the amendment for the simple reason that there would he no legis lation for six months at least and several other clauses in the “Local Government Act ” want,looking into; Parliament was very careful in making any alteration in the Act and he would like to see several other clauses dis cussed at the same time. Cr White said the present Act practically pro hibited any. road making at all; he would, however, withdraw his motion for one month.—This was agreed to and carried. • From City of Ballarat, enclosing a form in which their municipal accounts were kept as requested at the con ference in Melbourne in Angnst last. —Received. From James KnOx, secretary, North Eastern • Municipal t Association, for-, warding minutes of 11thannual meet ing held at Melbourne on 19th October —Received.. ; From “Manager, Wilby Butter Fac tory, re by-wash at their Boweya | creamery, it would have his prompt ! attention, and to prevent any further complaint he asked permission to re pair ^road, etc,, where necessaiy.—Per mission granted under engineer’s super vision. From Ovens District Hospital, ask ing donation,—Held over for charitable vote. From Head Teacher, Lake Rowan State School, reporting fresh outbreak of measles in his school—Received. S^JRhodes, Pelluebla, as forroWTS-f^As the most of you are aware I have been at great loss through the water having been diverted | of a mile out of its course from P. M'Donald’s warerhole northwards, and as this trouble is of longstanding and has been deferred and put oflp so many times, I trust the council will take the earliest opportunity of remedying this trouble. I would be very sorry to ask the coun cil to do any unjnst or unfair to any one to benefit me or anyone else ; what I ask and what I want is simply justice to man and man, and that is to let 'the water that comes past Mr M'Donald’s house take its course across the' nor- h and south road west of his (McDonald's) residence. Trusting it will be remedied before next winter. —The President' pointed out’that the matter had been actually dealt with by the action the council took at - last meeting.—Re ceived. From Jnines Lucas, farmer, Yona rang, as follows :—I wish to draw your attention to the very bad state of the road between our properties, it being impassable for any loading. The road referred to starts at James Lucas'gate, on the south-east corner of his 320a. block ; thence running south on west side of R. C. Aston’s selection, con tinuing for at>out 6 chains around the south-w$<t corner of his block. There are ghost 33 chains of formation snd one open crossing required. There tre about 11 chains of formation with cul vert, »lso top lo itned, done shout centre way, so that there are al>out 1® chains required at each end of present forma tion. Myself and Mr Aston haring considered the bad state of the . road, also the position of the council, have agreed together that if you will, about February or March,- 1894, form-.. 16 chains on the south end of present for mation, we are agreeable to form some 16 chains ou north end of present formation, also put in sn open corduroy crossing to your engineer’s satisfaction gratis.—Cr English moved that no action be taken at present. Cr Thomas moved, Cr Moore seconded, that the matter stand over. From Johnson, Grant snd Huctaon, stating that in the case of Jennings v. Williams they urgently required cer tain documents relative to Mr Jennings’ appointment, etc., and .asking council to oblige by forwarding same.—-The asked'for would entail a lot of work. Or ‘Cilmour moved, Cr English sec onded, that no action be taken. Cr Thomas thought it would not come with good grace from this council to refuse any ex- councillor, or anyone else, the opportunity to vindicate their position from .the shire books. Cr English withdrew bis action in seconding the motion, which was done under a mis apprehension, Cr Willis then moved that the action be approved. Cr White seconded.—Carried. Cr Willis moved further that every facility be afforded for obtaining information in such cases. Cr White seconded.— Carried. From Charley Johnson, Katamatite, asking council for a refund of 16s 5d, tramway rate, which ho had paid some time ago.—No action. From John M‘0ague, Tahba North, hsking council to withdraw summons for rates issued by the council until next harvest.—Held over until after harvest. From Melbourne Orphan Asylum, soliciting subscription—Deferred for charitable vote. From C. Loof, junr., Katamatite, recommending the council to gq in for the road-rqakipg machine, which he had seen tried at Benalla and Tatura, and had every confidence in.—Received From J. W. Coghill, applying for some allowance being made to him for serving rate summonses; the Is allowed by the council is not sufficient to pay for horse feed, to say nqtlpng about his own time etc. He' considered the ser vice to be honestly worth 2s 6d each when the amount of travelling entailed by them was considered ; many of the defendants’ places had to be visited three or four tinges to. make the service effective. He made no claim, but left it as a matter of justice in their hands. —Referred to general business. From Johnson, Grant and Hudson, Numurkah, stating they had been con suited by Mr T. A. Williams, con tractor, in reference to the action 3 of the council in re contract No, 17, 1892-3. They were instructed that although their client was ready and willing to do the work and had arranged with the engineer (Mr Jennings) that the latter should point out the spot where surge had to be done—their client having found it impossible to say from perusal of the specifications where the spot was ; the contract was can called' and subsequently reJet to Con tractor Cranston, who, they were in formed was put to work by their en gineer on the wrong road and conse quent loss to the council. Mr Williams advised them that he has applied tr the council more than once for a refund of his deposit , money, via., £2 5s, bul without avail, and therefore he now in structed them to notify the council that if the amount be not passed at tht next meeting hi will be reluctantly compelled to sue for the recovery thereof without further notice_Cr Moore moved that no action, be taken, Or Dick seconded.—Carried. PETITION. From Lawrence Patterson and ci other ratepayers, Yabba Yabba Sou drawing attention to the inipassa state of north and south road n M‘Kinnon’a selection, now Mr Curtaj property, the formation had b< washed away in three places and w* source of great danger; also drawj attention to another formation oh I same road near Patterson’s.—To sta over for one month'. - _From W. Higgins, Hugh Ross, a H. Arbon, Yabba North, late emplo of the Eatamatite tramway, asking 1 president and councillors to use th influence to have them takon on regular employees in the event the Government taking the 1 over. Since the Government have fa the line they have been casual hau and had given every satisfaction ; tl could refer to their inspector as to th character.—Received; no action. engineer's report. X beg to report as follows . •, Sooth-West Reding. 1\. Contract No. 14 has been comple 2\. I have inspected 7J chains of for Ition, completed by D. T. Cranston I value same at £7 10».—Passed for payin „ Southern Riding. f3.) North and south road near Deas house requires about six chains of bank an open crossing or culvert.—.To foe d when funds are available. • - ■ 4- E?3* ,ancl weat «»d between W maels holdings requires about 10 oh^jni formation and an open crossing, 5\. Drainage, as requested, of formati on norffiMd south road between the park of Yabba Yabba and Waggsrandall, anc east and west road between the narisbei Dookie and Waggsrandall. woulffert water from its natural course, therefoi cannot recommend that drains be cn Approved of. ^ ' „ Central Riding. between the holdings of Mes M Alpine and Parsell requires about chains of format,onand an open crossing „ _ North-West Riding. 8 7\. Contract 73 has been completed ii satisfactory manner. ^ u Roadway between the holdings Messrs Breen and Fox requires ll'cbafr, formation and one culvert — To be d< when funds are available. . a 9\. The formation between the holding sfeSgastas? 11\. I inspected contract No. 72, clean the.,first *“*»• mdes near Yan-Nwey.hraiJw station. As the time for completion 1 expiretl-1 wo“W recommend that the con tract he cancelled and the work of filling in tl>e holes and repairing fences be done at once.—Contract to be cancelled; engineer to get completed at once. 8 general. 1 “a*e made a. trial of arsenical sand . -—v- — «*? <*■ wiai oi arsenical sand for destroying weeds, and the result is satis factory. I would request council’s permis sion to n»«J_1_.i . . . - -- vuuuuua pnn's* Tungamah.PIeid M °“ th<S atreeta of _ inW»«e« new shire map and would request council’s permission to obtain parish plans and have same ,ro perly mounted, at a cost not to exceed £3. vi i i**ve ,P',“e a survey of quarry site in block SO, section B, parish of Youarang, and proved6*1 ^an °f same for solicitor.—Ap RA TE-COLLECTOR. (I). I hays C'jllecte.l since your last ordi in? metTv r“tC9 a“°"ntin8 £153 15s IO(i. (i), The amonnt of rates outstanding to date is £442 Is 5d for 1892-3 and £95 &i; ft -KeVT3 vye*r8’ totaI,in8 ^37 9s 8d. (3). There has been verdicts obtained m a number of cases against persons who have not made any request to your council for an extension of time to pay; would you kindly give instructions whether any further action is to be taken towards the recovery of these amounts ? (4). I have the honor of placing befora yon to-day my valuation return of tlio rateable property within the (5),r Kindfvh yea,r.emUn8 30th June 1894. ' Undermentioned alter ationa made in the rate book—Thos. Dunn ICin of Tl. A laS 5 Ernert Aikman in ,.eu °*^103' Nelson; James Everist in n“.,vf P‘ H“Pkin3 s Patrick Bourke n lieu of Thos. Thompson; and Thos. Corrigsn m lieu of F. and T. Hopkins, rhirteen cases were disposed of at the local JhtZ- °a u*fc-t when verdicts were j- ,De Wltb Is costs; eight others were adjourned until to-morrow (7th inat.). Received; clause 5, alterations to be made; ’ ^ The Registration'Officer reported The Ilf ■ USA nkk .— . ? » * i r, •> . p-‘ deportee ;—iae ?• -: being insr thprtraSr*J mg inc.^uspfc.'isioii- of sorne 'oi the’ bank*;' 1“8.”a““* !li,v1i-nS.n“W.retqmed.payment it might beHs wril to rescind your former reso lutionsoasto prevent any legal quibble. J. W. Coghill.—Received. The Inspector of Weights and Measures reports :—I would recommend that an ad vertisement be inserted in the local papers announcing annual circuit during the month of December, 1893, so as to be ready for the wheat season.—To he advertised. Rfn®jr'~I *Javo been Along- the various creeks during the past month, and find that nothing has been done in removiug the vari ous Abstractions which have been complained of. Ke bimpson s complaint about the fence across the Rmsey Creek, near Church's, in the parish of St. James. I am under the im presaion that the creek frontage was not reserved at this place, it being about the first selection taken up in that district, but of this lam not m a position to speak definitely, and must await enquiry.—J. W. Coohill. —Received. general business. With regard to the petition for for matiou at Yabba, Cr Aston moved that the engineer inspect and report at next meeting. Cr Gilmour seconded. —Carried. Or Willis moved, and Cr White seconded, that the secretary enquire whether any agreement exists with Mr Jielly as to the purchase of sand_ Carried. Cr Willis moved, and Cr Moore seconded, that the fee paid for serving summonses in future be 2s 6d each — Carried. Cr White moved, and Cr Moore seconded, that a committee, consisting . the two senior members of each riding, be appointed to report on the shire expenditure with a view of re ducing expenses.—Carried. Or Kennedy moved, Cr White sec onded, that the valuation submitted be adopted for the coming year,—Carried. Or Aston moved according to notice o motion, that the council strike a r«*ifv.0^c«S- *D t*le ^ on t^*e annual value of the Shire.—Carried. 