WESTWARD HO! -? SOME CANDID OPINIONS. Mr. P. P. J. Bowe contributes a characteristically written article dealing with Western Australia, and entitled " Westward Ho !" to The Voice, an Adelaide weekly paper. Below we give a few of the extracts, which it may perhaps interest West Australians to read. Speaking of " SOCIETY " IN THE COLONY, Mr. Bowe says-The no province of the group is .' Society " hedged round with more rigid exclusiveness than in the,," benighted " West, where the cry is more " Who are you in than " What are you ?" The little coterie that rates society in the western colony apes the British more than the Australian society code, and its petty tyrannies are sometimes amusingly extravagant to those outside the pale of the " six families " and their multitudinous " connections " of lesser light. There are several really first class families, whose antecedents are of what is known as " the very best " in the old country, but the majority of the heads of society belonged to the respectable English or Scotch or Irish middle class, with a dash of the alleged " lower orders " thrown in here and there, as was the case with the early history of society in other parts of Australia. From all which it will appear that, as far as social order or caste is concerned, life in West Australia runs in a similar channel to that of the social world of the other provinces. It is as difficult, if not more so, to obtain a foothold in the "Weld Club " of Perth as it is to become a member of the Adelaide Club. This exclusiveness is carried even into the amateur musical and theatrical life of the place, and no person lower in the social scale than a bank clerk or a bank clerk's sister is allowed to cater for the public amusement in the Perth Musical Union and the Perth Amateur Operatic Society. The vulgar public are allowed to patronise the entertainments, but no recruits are taken from the ranks except a heavy forfeit be paid, and the aspirant, if it be a lady, enamelled by strange devices. Referring to THE TRUCK SYSTEM, we are told: The wealth of many of the leading families was acquired in the good old days when money among the masses was scarce, and the " truck " system reigned supreme over farmer and artisan and labourer alike-the days when honest labour of nearly every description was under the thumb of the truck shopkeeper, and men received their hard-earned wages in shoddy goods. It was only during the last few years that this infamous system of barter was generally exchanged for the actual wage system, and even now in some parts of the colony it defraud the labourer of his hire, and enriches the usurious shopkeeper. By means of this vile traffic some of what were once the best farms in West Australia came into the possession of many of the storekeepers, some of whom are now dignified by the title of merchants. Farmer customers were deliberately encouraged in the purchase of luxuries and useless articles, and when the end came, their lands and, labour and goods and chattels passed into the hands of the indulgent robber, who retained the lands idle for speculative purposes. Hundreds of thousands of tons of sandalwood-passed-by means-of the truck system of labour into the same hands, and were exported at boom prices to the idol makers and worshippers of China. Until recent years the bulk of the shopkeeping business of the community was transacted by and through the old identities, who monopolised the money power of the colony. Of late things have changed, and business men from Eastern Australia are gradually gaining ground in every town and settlement. LOCAL POLITICS come in for strong censure and in the wholesale denunciation the Press is included, and feeling reference is made to papers which have failed. The fiscal policy of the country (says Mr. Rowe is a bastard form of protection, but the near approach of a fiscal war will probably split up the dull and flabby harmony hitherto existing between the members of the Ministry and their various hangers-on a harmony which has as its basis the discouragement of land settlement and land taxation. At the present time in West Australia a proposal to tax unoccupied and unimproved land would be received in Parliament with about as much sympathy as would the proposals of the Nihilists in St. Petersburg by the Czar. The wail of the landocrat is heard throughout the land, and his cry is for " population," to further add to his unearned increment and glut the labour market. The idea of levying an income or even absentee tax would be simply laughed at in Parliament, and a proposal for the payment of members would receive the support of about three Assembly members, and the rest would boil over with patriotic indignation at such an attempt to democratise " our colony." Members representing vast lauded and propertied interests prefer to draw thousands indirectly from the State by virtue of their immunity from land taxation, in drawing a few paltry hundreds from the treasury counter. ... To persons of genteel occur. ations and to manual labourers who have no c spit at upon which to subsist for a time, West Australia is about the worst place they could fix their minds upon. On account of the distance and the rates of fares, it is a veritable man-trap to those who would; have little difficulty in migrating in Ofcfief parts of Australia, whilst the cost of living is out of all proportion higher in West Australia than in any other province. The rapidly.mcrea.ingpopu'ation inflowing from Eastern Australia is making itself visibly felt in the metropolitan centres of the colony, in associations and trades unions, and no doubt with an extended franchise and a wider scope of Parliamentary selection, the " other side " element would be powerful enough to change the whole aspect of the political life of the place. Several democratic or liberal weekly journals have been frozen out by the conservative party which hitherto held the monopoly of the advertising power in their hands, and media either as a lever to corrupt our weapon to altogether efface straight- forward journalism. But the time is rapidly coming when the demand for a fearless daily paper in the metropolis must be supplied ; but the supply both in brains and capital must come from an outside source, so that no com- promises need be made with the local prejudices purposely fostered by the two subsidised dailies to exclude competition. In conclusion, I may state that as regards Imperial politics, the leaning of the dominant party in West Australia is towards Imperial federation In fact, the old identities are much more English than Australian in sympathy, and always refer to the rest of the group as " the colonies," after the British fashion. All the " leading people, doncherknow," are always in readiness to squeak out a bar of the English National Anthem in order to drown any cry for Australian national aspirations, which are looked upon as in " had form," either in public or private. The ghost of Downing-street still sits in high places in the western land of the swan. 