NEWS AND NOTES JN A NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAC'S COLUMN. SiclsUq; Board siui iy ngnin to-dnj. Aim. »er.uity of tho duatrutititm of tbo Bas.ilo (1780.) Uotldiird will box ntiy man in Aus tralia for £1.01)0 aside. Wheat selling frnuly 'nt Adelaide tliis tuoniittg at Da and Us (Ud. Projio.tal to run cabs" from Brighton to meet tho St. ICilda trama. lt.M.8. Orient left Colombo on tbo 11th for Atistnilian ix>rt9. London wool market yesterday con tinued ita upward tendency. Tito " profesiioiml politician" bus really become a State necessity. Bettor feeling on 'Change. Silvor . stocks higher; gold stocks rising. ' 1 Tlio Oceana ot Albany vesterday. Uiue .toon jinwengfrs for Mrlbouruo. llepi.rt that cbulura had broken out in Alexandria contradicted. Good. Talk of a l'lireeo cricket team coming ©ut to Australia. Ghost of IFufod ! 11\. M.S. Tare, from London for Queens land. wan to luiwe Aden yesterday. A "lady doctor" iu India is said to bo making Ll.OOl) a year. Very likely. The " Now Australia" expedition to South America leavea Sydney to-day. Our old friend " billy Emerson" takes a benefit at the Alhainbni tins ovoning, rhyaicnliy unfit men earn nn little as fin a v at the X&timulc; to Gotoko railway volt. . ..-.usidircakors bnvo crossed over to Wi-limnstown. Small business just at present. Amending Factory Bill makes any room where two people aro ut work a factory. . . Alderman Stuart ICnill, Lord Mayor of London, got9 a baronetoy. Birthday honor. ' Two hundred persons now on trial at Yitcrbo, near lloino. Aiding nnd nbotting brigands. Joo Goddurd, tho pugilist, on board tho Alnmoda, which luia left Auckland for Sydney. A load of salt brought yesterday from Swan Hill to > A! bury. First loud for many years Lending branch of tho Public Library transferred to-day to its now quarters in the basement. Balance of tho Nupior Ilnrhor Board 6 per cent, loan (Lt'J,600) taken uput tho minimum, LU8. President Cornot will pmscciUo certain Prcnch papers if t)ioy don't stop abusing Lord Duflurin. Domonstration npninst Homo Rule in Halifsxyefitorday. Ton thousand Orango men process. Scbcmo of reconstruction of tbo Lon don Chartered Bank of Australia sauc- tioncd in London. Tho Countess of Kiutorc, wife of tho Governor of South Australia, arrived in London yesterday. M. Loye, late Prcfeot of Police, am bassador at Vienna, vice M, Dcorais, ap pointed to London. Groat Orange demonstrations on Wed nesday in Ulster. IUy. Br. Knnu orates against Home liulo, Mr Patterson sees the need of a poli tician in officio giving oxulusivo nttontion to Ministerial duties. Dr Youl loaves (ho jury to say whether Uiore should not bo a greater margin of lifting powor for cranes, Warden's tolegrayhic report from Cool- gardio j — " Men gunorally muking Wages. Good prospects." Memltors of tho Victorian Legislative Assembly don't fancy Mr Isaacs' sug gested drop to £200 n year. Incomo-tax still disoussod. Why not ft window-tax, a whoel-tax, and a few other Old World luxuries ? Sir Julius Vogid, ox-Premier 'of Now Zealand, contributes an urticlo on" Homo Rule" to the "Pall Mull." . A clause in tho Amending Factory Bill provides that records aro to bo kept of all Work dono outiido factories. Tho Indinnupolis Csr and Manufac turing Co., U.S., suspends payiueut. Throws good men out of work. No direct evidence ns to whether the three iiioiijkilled on Tuesday jumped or Were knocked off the platform. Tlie 1o»k of life at, tho budding of tho Toy Bridge was one tnnn per day on an avrrayo, nccordini: to Dr. Youl. Tho Union Bunk of Australia pays, a divide-id at the Tato of 8 per rent, per utmum ; carries forward £15.000. Movrih Gibson, Woolrabe and lliggins, of Melbinirne, bnvo passed their final medical examinations in London. - - Vvrdict of "accideiitnl dcat'i" at tho inquest tn-dtiy en tho bodibs of the three luon killed at the Equitable buildings, Dr. Youl is ol opinion ilmt- tho crano which broke down iu Cidlins street hod an " insutiiciont margin of lifting power." Tho Now South Wales Government have dismissed all their rabbit inspectors. Conditiouul lease inspector to do tho work. Dr Youl Bays that a crano is like n man. Can't lift as much when old as when young. Steady on tho - sexagenarians, Doctor. .Mcetiug of London creditors of Golds- bnough, Mortand Co. yc9tcrday. ; Com mittee appointed to . confer: with .di rectors. Apnoat ncrain&t; Mr Justice Williams (Londotri sanctioning of tho reconstruc tion of the K., S. and A.C. Bank dis missed. The Chairman of the Sweating Board says tho' Oninnnuo Department are not stveaters, Tlioy pay fair prices to their tailura. District Engineer Kornot says that L'nod uion on tho.Ooroko and Nutimuk railway are earning between 0$ and Gs pur day. A majority of 73 iu tho Frmtch Cham ber can y the total repeal of duties on wines, ocer ami cider. Loss to revenuo £G.OOO.OOO. Just this lituo two years ago Mel bourne was suffering frotuthe extensive flo»ds which subiueigod portions of low- lying suburbi. The Silver Convention at Denver dc- linunci-s tho repeal of tho Sliormiin Act. Say. it's a ocmsjitrncy with the Indian Government. . _ Forty thousand u your to tlio Legisla tive Asienibly for tho " Rack" of intor- jcution and twuddln with 44 a uunny worth of bread" in the shnpuof work.-- 