The Fatal Treasure. T«tiiiHi«nrmntaKUVKU.| ~TW»W «— 1| j ., , t ' ft' t ' ' ' A STORY OF THE BLACK FOREST. ? . ? *.«.?» — - — ? — DX at- I FAN DEXTER. %\ ?J i ? »???-- . .^DHAPTERXIX.— CoHTitiuK». Tho now-comor gazed liko ono fasoinatod ftt tho sight and, ns lump after lump of the prcoious motal w«s tftkon out of tho box and trdnBferrod to Hilton'* pockots, tho oyoa of Arnvytago ooomod to almost bum into the 'By hoavon!' ho muttered, 'that old fellow has discovered tho tronsuro we aro eoeking. I wonder who lio is F If ho wero *. tho dovil himself,' ho added florooly, 'I must hare that plunder ! .... With n diabolical expression on hia ovil face, ho watched Hilton omptytho box and thon break it up nnd set flro to it. ' Ho knows tho gold is stolon.at any rato, was his conunont, us ho saw tho box placed in tho fire. AVhou tho wenry man insido tho hut drew tho stool to tho ftro and bcottmo drowsy, tho watcher set his lips togothotnnd for somo timo \- appoared to debate with himsolf what he should do. ? ' :'''»4'^feS1' only' an old man,' woro tho words -..fototMj&d; fijom his mouth when ho unolosod , 52; ,^^^;oburso is noarly run and it will bo ?j^rjjv^jjjj harm to help him ovor tho river. ? ???Jj^Mfeivd tho gold and thoro is only ono ?!{imjjf$S'gob life so I had bottormako up my '? ..^miifti'to follow that courso.' ? ? » ? 'Tims communing with himself, Armytago ij :- 'gradually snouted round to tho door. Whon r- he got thero he paused for a moment, appa ;,. rontly irresolute. Taking out ft clasp knifo * ? from his pockot, ho looked at it for a f ow mo ' monts. and then put it back. j. 'No!' ho said, 'I will not do that if I ; :? . oan help it j but I must havo tho gold !' '; v''.. HoBiiid no more' but, turning round, his a, ciyoa rooted on a small sapling_lying dloso to f- him and, picking it up, ho noiselessly oponod * tho door and looked into tho room.' Hilton i was still Numbering and unconsoious of dan ger. AVith a cat-liko trad, Armytngo ontorod m^ the room and, walking up bchjnd his victim, ? ' dealt him a terriblo blow on tho back of tho '. head. Without a single cry, tho old man fell off tho rough seat and lay motionless on the iloor, ,'' whilst his assailant nervously proceeded to rifle his pookota. ? 'I don't half lik'o touching him, for it is hard to say whether ho is dead or only ' - stuniHvJ^l' Armytago «t-,ul ; 'but I must havo tho )ld. Pooh ! what is it, after all?' '?? Fortified apparently, with his reflections, ho bout 0 'i- tho motionless man and, in n Imsinass-lil way, soon. transferred tho gold til llilllHl'lf. ;. ' In oiio p hot lio found a book containing n few pape and this ho also took. Wlieu h had takon ovorything ho could discover, h noticed, with somo alarm, that there were few slight stains of blood on his slotllCH. The b'o ' ho had given his victim had broken the skin nnd tho blood hud slowly trickloil fn -m tho wound. Very littlo had flowed, but it. was suftic.ient during his hasty search to si, lia a portion (if his clothes. Ho looked at tho few crimson stains with a slight sin dder, and then at tho still form lying prone on tho floor. Hilton's last quest was apparently over, nnd tho bid Ion treasure of tho Black Forost would troultlo him no more. AVilli smoothing liko awe, Armytago wont and opened ithe olosod door. Ho looked out, but nil n'iisjiis still iw death. ' I must bo (retting away from this,' ho muttered. ' If 1 were discovered hero, with this in tho 1 oom ' — and ho turned and looked nt Hilton — ' it would bo na much as my life would be worth. I wish, too, I had not got these few st. linst. They seem to mo liko ill omens. In 1st get away at onco.' Ho picko -ip tho bag of gold and with guilty fear rossod tho clearing around tho hut. As ho loarod tho edgo of tho timber a sound behim him caused his heart to givo a wild start. ; I It was a loijid coooo and, as tho frightened man turned round, ho saw a waggonotto just emerging from the bush ntthe cxtremo and of the clearing, and tho ocoupants woro evidont '. ly calling to him. AVho could theso people bo? They woro \\- no doubt harmless travellers, perhaps lost and ? wanting inforViiation from him ; but to go back now, might nftyjn death to him. Tho appearance h( 100 policftnon could not hiivo caused himluovo terror than this small party of threo, out of whom wns\a woman, as his hasty ghin/o sufficed to tAlI him; but tho distanco roldcrcd Mio foaturfes iifdistiuot and rocognitiou imposBvlJo. \ Ho nuwl fly at oftce, or th^y would soon disoovorjrhat was insido the? hut; and his \- — - -f»iHGnc$Hhsroj-espooi!illy lf 'j° Avoro soize-1 ?with tho.|jld on him, would lpok vory sus piciouH. I ( Ah anjther 00000 smoto his! oar ho turned and plun fed into tho forest. \ With fumy n startled look atyund, as tho least noise fell upon his oar, tlho murdoror ?purau ' his path across tho wJ'odcd ranges and denn undergrowth -of tho v^Uoys. Althoi gh thoro was no oyo on ihim save tho nll-scoing ono of God, his guiltyUanoy poo pled tho solitude with lurking sp\os and un soen enemits. It was not that tfrriblo ad monition; 'Vongeanco is mino, With tho Lord, I j-ill repay !' that he foaredtfomuoh, iv was tie weak and fallible puuiBhfuont of his i'olloy mon. ; ' ? I*- ^ CHAITEU XX. *&*' s ^ ? . sy ON THE FABM. Wliei Sheridan and Armytago arrived at tho far \ they found matters in a very un natisfac ovy state. Tho hands, not having a Load to guide thoin, had takon things protty much ai they pleased. They had tho oppor tunity t -' loaf,' and they took advantage of it. \ Sheridan, who wub still in tho toils of his companion, was in no humor to attend to tho routiuo of farm work, and Armytago profos ned ontiro ignoranco of such duties ; but tho presence offtho master infusod a littlo more activity into tho men, and tho work soon im proved. , Th-- farm was a fairly comfortablo ono. With tho frequent additions made to it, tho area now comprised 700 aores, and about 150 ncrns of that waB oloarod and cultivated. Tho soil in tho valloys was rich nnd pro duced prolific crops of potatoos.oats or wheat, while the whole of tho land wub suitable for grazing purposes. ' Thd homestead was a substantial and com fortable one, The first owner, who built it, hit& thogoodjold-fashioned ideas on tho sub ject of farm-houses, nnd the first thing ho did whs to lay tho building out in auoh ft manner that all future additions should bo part of ono concerted plan.' Shpridan had addod a oouplo of rooms' to tho pliino since iio purchased it, nud theso ?were rendered absolutely nooossnry by tho ..purchase of moro land and tho number of mon Meded to work it. t*iu owner to tlio liii'in tliuro was uomo ilifll- I oulty^ in obtaining' a room for him, and after I a whilo ho expressed his willingness to sliaro tho same quarters Us the loading hand, on tho farm. For somo days after their arrival Sheridan could not bo induced to loiivo tho houso to soarch for tho missing treasure Ho roally ?wished to avoid his companion, and stayed at tho houso for thafpurposo. Finding all his eft'orts to mduoo tho f armor away from tho houso usoloss, Armytago took oxourBions alono. At the ond of a wook ho porsuadod tho en slaved man to accompany him and point out tho Bpot whero his plough had struok tho hiddon box, but that did not assist him in tho loast in tho prosecution of his design. Sho ridan, being now in ono of his moro agreo ablo moods, accompaniod him through tho bush for sevoral days, but ho soon relapsed into his secluded habits, and Armytago pur sued his wandorings alone. Tho spiritof tho placo seomed to bo upon him, for immodiato ly ho ho.d breakfast ho would fill his flask and start into tho forost. Tho wholo day ho would spond -valking aimlessly about, poor ing into the scrub and hero and thcro turning over tho dead leaves, which in placoB lay thickly on tho oarth. At times ho would obtain a lover nnd turn over logs, in tho hope that somothiug would bo revealed that could assist him in his quest. Tho farm laborers frequently mot him in hia solitary walks, and thoy soon oamo look upon him as domontcd. Ho had moro than onco visited Blaok burn'fl abandoned hut, for tho placo seemed to possess a curious fascination for him, and about threo weeks after his arrival at the furm-houso he found himsolf at midday for tho third time in close proximity to tho hut. It w.is on this occasion that ho committed tho 'brutal attack on Hilton recorded in tho last ohaptor. After getting away from tho place ho ro maincd concealed near the farm-houBO until darknoss camo on, so that ho could enter un observed. Ho had boon lying in tho scrub about two hours whon ho was suddenly aroused by the sound of footsteps on tho crackling under growth and, with a hunted look of four, ho jumped to his foot and was about to retroat, when, through a small oponing in tho thicket, ho saw Sheridan approaching and at tho satno moment tho former oaught sight of him. Flight was now impossible and, with, min gled footings of fear nnd satisfaction, ho waited for tho unexpected now-comer. He was frightened to be discoyorcd in his present state of agitation, but ho felt a satisfaction in seeing that it was the farmor who had oomo on him. ' If ho lias mo I havo him 1' was his thought. Sheridan was rathor taken aback at tho wild appcaranco of his guest, for Armytago invariably preserved 11 calm domoanor. Ho looked at him fur 11 full minute before ho spoke niuVtVicu-said : ..^_ ' What on earth ia tho Tfiitter.?. You look as frightened as if you had soon a ghost'.'' ' Tho man addresseil tried to look uncon cerned as his companion spoke, but tho at tempt only oudud in 11 abuddor. Ho had at first thought of concealing the ' gold from Sheridan, but tho latter's suddon nppenrunco prevented him carrying out that idea, and he concluded it would bo better to toll him of liis luck. ' No ; I haven't soon anything to frighten mo ; but, through my pcraistout hunting for tho treasure, I havo been rowurded in finding, a portion of it. I discovered one of the boxes a couplo of hours ago. I had somo difficulty with it; and, what with hunger, labor and excitement, I supposo I do look somewhat quoor.' 'Found tho gold !' exolaimod tho farmor. ' Whoro did you find it ?' 'Down at the — that is to say, about two miles from hero, carolessly planted in somo scrub. I looked for tho othor boxos,butfo\ind no trace of them,' answered tho embarrassod man. ' I will go with you to- morrow, andwo'll make ti bettor search. AVo must got tho ro maindor. Wo will novor bo content until wo do,' spoke Shoridun excitedly, with tho old gleam of iivarico in his eyes. 'Yos; to -morrow we will go. It is too lute now.' ' Como up to tho houso and let me soo what you havo found. I am all anxioty.' 'I don't want to go before dark,' aa sworod Armytago. 'If tho farm hands soo mo carrying this bundlo and looking oxcitod it might raise their suspicions, and wo don't want that.' ' You nro right ! you ftro right 1' assented Sheridan. ' ' Tho loss talk there is tho bettor. We must keep our business to ourselves. I will stay with you, and if anyone comes by it will disarm suspicion.' 'Yes ; that will bo best. It will bo dark in anothor hour, so that wo will not- bavo long to wait.' Tho two mon sat down with flushed facos and, in hoarse whi6pora,convorsod until dark ness hud gathered around. Thon thoy wont cautiously in the direotion of tho house, Ar mytago over and anon casting guilty looks around as if ho was haunted by the ghost of his supposed victim ; and when thoy rouohod tho homostead Shoridun took his companion into his own room unobserved. ' You must stay in tho room with mo now, as you cannot romuin with my ovorsoer, who would bo almost certain to find out tho gold. I will mako n bod up bore, and then we oan arrange our plans without fear of interrup tion or disoovory.' Having thus docided, Sheridan had a sooond bed put in tho room, and during the night his companion showed him the gold ho had found, kooping buck, of courso, a few bars for himself. ' Thero is 11 small fortune thero,' remarked the farmer to his companion. ' We must bo in luok's way. First I discovor a box and now y^u find another.' ' By all just rights, as we have entered into a partnership over this matter, I should retain what I havo found,' rcpliod tho latter. 'You havo given me only a fraction of your find, nud I don't think I should halve this find with you. That will mako us about square' ' Oh ! ' Honor among thieves,' you know. You surely would not aot as you say. I al ways gavp you money whon yon asked for it, and wbatyioro could you oxpeot? You will divide with mo, suroly !' ' I'll make a fair bargain with you, Shpri dan. I'll ijopay you what you advancod to mo, .and tlion wo oan ory quits. Wo will thon bo onKn equal footing, and if wo find any moro of tho ' plant ' wo will go halvos with it. Yau ought to bo glad thnt I shall bo no furtlii* trouble to you, asfjhavo pro vided for m*olf now.' W' 'I don't wink that is fair. I want half tho gold and B will have it. I- wouldn't do auoh a thing an you.' ' I tell yoiiil will not givo you half of it,' Armytago rpflfciod angrily. ' You didn't give me half A yours, and you must bo con tent with wliiiWyoii got. If you donoiinco mo to the politjt will do the same with you nnd we'll botliwo every thing.' Tho dctemiiiA tono of tho man convinced Sheridan that! wwould- bo useless to arguo further with him Wiqii, and after reflecting a little timo he salil ' AVoll, don't \c\ us quaiToI about it. I know you are a gond-hoartod follow, and I will trust to your honor for n fair division. Perhaps to-morrow wo may find more,aucl wo will bo content.' | It is vory eany to j«lk _ofj_lito»nu»»-'»--u-J Thousands who look upon tho .setting nun with bright hopoB and plans for the futuro in thoir minds, novor again sue the glorious orb of day illumino tbo world j for, in daylight or dark, that tiroloss reaper Death pursuos his oourso, nnd ovor and always tho' human harvest is boing gathered in by tho Sickle of tho Gloanor. CHAPTER XXI ^ ? ? **/ * inn miseb'b oubsb. Women and wine aro gonorally understood to be tho ruin of mon. who go wrong on lifo's highway, but whilst thoro is n good doal of truth in tho statement, it is quite boyond doubt that gold is responsible for moro human wrecks than, tho othor two causes combined. Money is a two-edgod woapon. It will out both ways, It is potent for good or ill. For, while it can bo mado tho moans of in' oaloulablo good — of roBouing tho waifs and strays of tho world — it oan aho bo used to drag down tho boat of humanity. Thoro is probably no curso so terrible as to bo a misor. Tho burning thirst for gold saps up tho gonial springs of lifo, and tho affeo tions that should bo lavished on his kin nro bestowed by tho miaor on his monoy-bags. He Hvob for nothing olso but hoarding gold, and ho is a usoless oxoresoonoo en tho human race. Hacked with fears and forobodings of loss, ho novor knows what oontont or happi ness is, and his lifo in roality is an aooursed one. Miclinol Shoridan was not, in thof nil sense, a miser, but ho had tbo seeds of tho com plaint in his composition, and thoy only needed something to food on whon thoy would burst forth luxuriantly and produoo a rich harvest of results. After his unsatisfactory intorviow with Armytago, ho loft tho bodroom and wont to anothor part of tho houso, whoro ho seated himsolf at a tablo with a bottle of brandy in front of him. Timo after timo ho helped himsolf to tho fiory liquor and, with his el bows on tho table and his head botween his hands, ho remainod for hours in profoundest thought. At length tho drink began to take offoot, and ho muttered, atoud : ' I must havo half, and I don't boo why I shouldn't have tho lot. Ho found it on my land and it bolongs to mo. He'll not leavo here with it as ho thinks ho will. I must stop him somohow.' Then, after a long pause, he raised his head and said : ' I wish tho wroteh was dead ! If ho was any good ho would havo died bofore this. He is like an ill wood, or ono of thoso twisted and usoloss troes which tho woodmon pass by whilo thoy foil tho good onos. If lio would die I'd bo content.' With thoso savago words on his lips his hoad sank on tho tablo in a heavy slumbor, and ho only awoko as tho morning sun streamed in and tho bustle and noiso outeido ?woko him. ' Whoro did you got to, last night? You w(jfS-I!fit..i? your room,' asked Armytago, whon he mot hmrialot 3V.-, ., ' I foil aslcop in a'Bido-roonv*Cv5E^ -*rol' of brandy, and Blopt until morning. '??-« The quoor look on Sheridan's faco as ho spoke to his companion did not osoapo thnt keen observer's notice. ' You don't look woll, my friend, and you are actually shivering,' ho remarked. ' I havo oaught cold sitting up-so foolish ly nil night, I -suppose, and I st say that I don't fool woll,' was tho reply. Armytago had no wish that Shoridan should accompany him that day as ho had his own plans to lay, and tho fanner, who felt somewhat consoionco- stricken when he re membered bis thoughts of tho previous night, also wished to bo alone, and he Baid : ' It would bo only tempting pjcovidonco for mo to go out to-day. I wil1 o to bed.' This oxactly suited Armytago, for it would bo, to say the loast, inconvenient to point out whoro he got tho gold, and next day ho in tended to quietly dopart with his booty, without giving Shoridan anything. The thought of his victim lying in the wood cutter's hut was haunting him, and lio wanted to get away from the district ; yet some indefinable impulse urg d him to re main. 'I -will stop anothor day, at any rate. Nothing will happen in that short timo, and thon I will leave horo forever and leavo my avaricious and gambling friend to himself and his oards,' ho thought. ' Don't you think wo had better lot our search for tho gold stand ovor until tomor row ?' he spoko aloud. ' I think so, for I am in no humor to go to-day,' roplied Shoridan. 'A day will not make much difference, and in tbo morning we will raako a good start and, I hope, moot with more luok,' ro plied Armytngo. During tho foronoon Shoridan novor spoke ft word about tho gold, which BOraowhat sur prised h'is oompanion, who oxpeoted him to renew hia solicitations for nn equal division. At mid-day ho went out, telling tho fanner ho would return in hour or so. Ho had changed his olotheB and wrappod the ones he had worn on tho previous day in a bundlo, as ho waa so inepicioud of discovery that ho was determined to destroy them on tho first opportunity. Ho had no actual reason for this Qourso, only that undefinablo dread whioh seoms to perpetually haunt tho murdorer. Whon ho had gone Shoridan walked with halting stops aoross tho yard to a storo-liouso somo littlo distance from the main building. Tho door was looked, but, taking a key from his pocket, he opened it and went ineido. After shutting and re-locking tho door, b« searched the Bholvos,find at last found a small oannistcr, whioh ho took down and opened. It was noarly full of a white powder and, taking a pieoe of paper that lny on tho floor, he put somo of tho powder into it And ro placod tho cannister on the self. Putting the package in one of his pockets, he oponed tho door and rotracod his steps to the houso. Wlion Armytago wont away ho had no fixed intention of going to any particular place. His steps lod him' in the direotion of a paddoek whe'ro largo treos wero burning for clearing purposes. Tho sight of tho roaring flames brought to his mind the suit of soilod olothos, which ho had wrappod in a bundlo nnd loft in tho bedroom. ' I was a fool to loavo that parool bohind me. Tho sooner it ifl dcatroyod tho safer I will bo. I'll go baok and got it now and burn it. No ono will notico mo,' Roproaching himsolf for hiB foolishness in not at onco destroying tho clothos which ho soomod bo anxious to got rid of, ho wont baok to tho house and ontorod tho bodroom unporcoived. Ho had takon tho precaution boforo leav ing to tako noarly all tho gold with him, and only a small portion'. 'had boon conooalod in tho room. '* 'It's not aato'fto trust Shoridan,' ho thought; 'but ovou if ho tukos this small portion it won't bo much of u loss.' As ho lifted up tho bod-olothos'for tho bun dlo ho had hidden thoro ho uttered ft low cry of dismay, for it was gono. If ho had just boon sontencod to (loath ho could not havo boon more torror-'strickon than ho was at thai moment. lie sat down on tho bod trombluig — after first turning it over and noarching^hj) .iv»»v it! the. hopgj.liat'iu-'^--^ ??''??* 'c-* 