OUR AMERICAN LETTER. SILVER AND NOT THE TARIFF THE BURNING ISSUE. ANOTHER LAND RUSH. AMERICAN MILLIONAIRES AND TAXATION. [From our own Correspondent.] New York, October 14, 1893. The country is literally being talked to death. Six weeks ago the House of Repre- <*> sentatives passed the Silver Repeal Bill, which, almost without exception, the commercial classes regard as a vital prerequisite to a restoration of industrial activity, and sent it to the Senate. But in the Senate, not only is the calling of the previous question an un known regulation, but there is absolutely no limit to the time allowed to any individual ben&tor; to explain his views upon a pending Bill. The silver men, therefore, evolved the brilliant idea of defeating tbe liepeal Bill —or what comes to the same thing, compelling the other eide to accept a coniptomifie—by talking on for ever. This was their threat, and they have made the threat Rood. There was only one possible way to discipline them —to insist upon a continuous session, day and night, without intermission even for a senator's three "square meals a day"—and even that has failed. When at last issue was joined upon this basis, a western conversational athlete, named Allen, from Nebraska, took the door, made a few "preliminary remarks" that ab sorbed no less than 14] hours, and then tem porarily yielded the floor to a colleague on condition that he should be permitted to pro ceed to the main body of hia discourse later on. The next man spoke for eight hours, and then another orator droned away, hour after hour, till the repeal majority melted away to their homes, and a quorum having been broken the Senate was forced to adjourn. The talk ing began again yesterday morning, and it is still progressing, and no one knows exactly when it will end. Such are the possible antics of a "purely deliberative" body. The newspapers, which are nearly all, regardless of party, in favor of repeal, for the very obvious reason that they are suffering, if noti in circulation, at least in advertising, from the general stagnation of business, abuse the .Senate roundly, and one might almost be led to Buppose that this highly- respected body, like the House of Lords in England, was in serious danger of being swept away for good by the wrath of an outraged people. But, of course, the Senate would not dare to assume its present attitude unless it was cure that it had the support of great masses of voters. And that it has such support there can be no doubt. The farmers of the sonth and west, although their voice rarely finds utter ance in any form in the journals of the great) citie?, know perfectly well that tbe real issue is whether they shall be forced to pay off their debts and mortgages in a currency which, by what they regard as an iniquitous trick, has been artificially con tracted. This whole silver question, indeed, has now passed beyond the bounds of mere argument; rightly or wrongly, the farmers believe that the attempt! is being made to do them a great wrong, and they are aflame with passionate indignation. Mr. Cleveland has done his best to secure unconditional repeal, and still declares that he will veto anything short of that, but this is, of course, mere non sense, and the probability is that a compro mue of tome sore will have to be arranged. Such a compromise may drive away foreign capital, but Senator Cameion. of Pennsyl vania, formally welcomed this result, for, as he said with at least eodub show of troth, the assistance of such capital had done more harm than good—a plain 'allusion to the English holders of the Reading railroad, who two years ago insisted uuon making the mining of coal a close monopoly and then charging consumers s, tiullar a ton more than the evident normal price. The attempt ended, it ie true, in utter disaster owing to the intervention of the courts and the legislatures, and the holders of Bead ing have lost nearly 200,000,000 dollars, bat the memory of this conspiracy against tbe public will not soon be forgotten. As to the terms of the compromise, if made, only one thing is certain—that a uncle gold standard will under no circumstances be accepted. In deed, even if by any possibility repeal should be marie unconditionally it wonidbe, as has been stated again end again by the friends of Mr. Cleveland, merely because the disturbance of the world's business by the exclusive use of Bold would soon force Great Britain to consent to tbe rernonetization of silver. Until tbe silver question is out of the way all other political matters are virtually at a standstill. Tariff reform is spoken about now and then in a casual way, but it has ceased to have pressing importance. Even its strongest supporters now suggest that whatever may be dove ought not to take effect before January or even July, 1895, and the "robber-baron" manufacturers therefore have before them a long respite, aud, what is still more im portant, Another election for Congressmen be fore thb faial day of f ree-traue arrives. But a man with auy faint sense of the humorous can hardly resist emiling as ha realises that the last election should have been so fiercely and bitterly fought upon an issue which in the end ha£ proved to be of merely secondary importance. Both parties were then pledged to an honest currency, both maintained that silver ought to be kept at parity with gold, and neither of them cared to discuss in detail how and in what manner these most desirable objects should be attained. Yet, as it turns out, this was really the burning issue which must be decided before anything else of any tort whatever can be dove. " What fools these mortals b9!"—even politicians, and the following of politicians. The cable bas no doubt already told Aus tralians die result of the last attempt to re capture the most renowned of sporting prizes ■ —the America cup—held now in New York against a dozen gallant Jasons seeking the golden fleece for more than a quarter of a century. Jjord Donraven'a Valkyrie has lost to the Vigilant, but the contest was to the American spectator unpleasantly close; indeed, it will even be matter for doubt which boat ought to have won the last race, for the Vigilant only won it—by the record by 40 sec in a course of M 0 miles; and in such cases it is the proper and inevitable thing for tbe friends of the rival contestants to prove that luck and nothing else is responsible for the refills. '£he Valkyrie did eersainly have her spinnaker blown away, and both boats were certainly hindered by the accompanying fleet of pafisengex- carryiiig steamers and > yaohts; and the Vigilant inrther *>W;rp« to ! have jammed her centreboard so that it had to stay only half way down all through a fierce gale. But that is one of the disadvan tages of a centreboard —that it is apt to fail you just when you want it most—and an Englishman cruising about his storm-lashed, rocky island, would be very unwise to take it in preference to a. good, solid, reliable English keeL In American waters, however, a boat with a deep keel would often stick in the mud while getting in and out of the shallow harbors, and there are few positions more «s?Bm?| than to be stranded between tides on a malodorous sandbar beneath a burning summer sun. The practical merits of the keel and the centre board, therefore, nnlike the human mind, ac cording to Horace, change with the sky beneath which they cleave the waters. We have had also another famous international contest —a double billiard match between Iyea and Roberta. They played on a t?L!e which was a compromise between the English and American modeLs. Ives won the first, series of games and Roberts the second, but as Ives had already won a series in Ixmdon, he is still ahead. The play of both men, though utterly different in character, was perfect, and there was a good deal of national character to be found in it. Boberts never missed a. possible shot, and whether ahead or behind was cool, capable, and perfectly self-controlled, bat he seemed never to fee more than one Bhot in advance. Ives, on the other hand, ventured constantly upon almost impossible strokes in order to gee the balls where they would be absolutely under control, and evidently did a great deal more thinking about his position than his opponent Aa to the third inter national series of contests for the month— the Australian-American cricket matches—tbe Australians n&vuraliy; sock oft the honors, for cricket is not much cultivated iv the United States, and it was a great surprise to us to see the Puiladelphians win one of the matches v.Uen the Australians, just off the steamer, had not yet got lull possession of their land less. The wild rush last month to take possession of the newly-opened Indian territory luckily passed off without! any very serious accidents. One man from the eastern states, worth more than 100.0&0 dollars, had planned a "land 1 grab," had hired persons to act aa " dummy [ beleccors,'' and had brought on fleet horses to carry them into the heart of the new Land of Prouuse in Advance of the vanguard of the settlers, but unluckily, in hia eagerness for the spoil, he himself passed over tbe boundary line before the signal gun had been fired, and was at once shot dead by the Govern ment sentinels. A woman who had fallen from her horeo was trampled to death, and there were ten or a dozen fata.! affraye be tween contending disputant for claims. But between noon and dusk 30,000 persons had taken up their abode in the territory; two towns of more than 5,000 inhabitants had been founded; three newspapers had issued their fateful "Vol. h No. 1," aad hotels, barrooms, restaurants, and gambling houses by the hun dred were in full blast, housed either in tents or in hastily nailed together wooden huts. And if the example of Oklahoma, opened cnlya little more than three years ago, bolds good, as it probably will, most of these adventurers will do well. But OkUhama has, it niust be confessed, been exceptionally fortu nate, and her 'orief 40 months' history reads like an incredible romance, Justthinkof it—in May, 1890, a wilderness; and to-day knocking at the doors of Congress for admission as a sovereign state of the Union on tile ground that she has a population of 133,100, not counting 5,0U0 nncaxed Indians, with property assessed as 40,000,000 dollars or on average of 1,500 dollars for every family of five persons. Within her borders 40,000 children axe now going to school, and one normal college for the training of teachers lias already been founded. Is not it De Quineey who in tha "Opium Eater" tells of a dream of the East in which vast populations seenied to spring np and wither and die like weeds, and does not this wonder ful story of mushroom growth appear like a western counterpart: of the unwholesome vision, with only the saving difference that these American weeds have found a firm and permanent home, abundantly capable of nourishing them and their * offshoots for generations to come? To us New Yorkers, however, who sis at the gates of the Land of Promise and see the hungry newcomers from the old world pass in at the average rate of 50,000 a month, in spite of the marvellous tale of Oklahoma, the mystery ever grows deeper how tho vast incoming human tide contrives to find food and shelter. Tbeir mean possessions are less than 12 dollars a bend, but Providence kindly takes care of them. It is none the lees amusing to read predictions in the European papers of coming American ruin because there are now in the country a few stray hundreds of thousands of unemployed persons. Kven this number of stranded human waifs is relatively a petty percentage—stay, one in a hundred —of the vast and evergrowing aggregate of the American people. But none the less the bars will coon be placed bcfora the Rates, for, as soon as Congress can attend to the matter, the immigration laws will be certainly remodelled and made mere stringent. Already the Chauvinistic spirit is rampant in the more thickly-settled states, and in wes tern Pennsylvania Alone there have been enumerated SO municipalities which have enacted ordinances to the effect that none bus American citizens shall be employed on pub lic works. This was a blow at the Hungarians and Bohemians who had been imported by the iron manufacturers and have been temporarily thrown out of work ty the hard times. But the result was curiously unexpected. Many hundreds of the foreigners drew out tbeir savings from the banks in order to return home with their petty fortunes of from one to live thousand dollars each, and at least two banks trace their temporary sus pension to this cause. In a, few years, thank? to the thrifty training of Europe, the aliens had amassed more wealth than their American neighbors, earning far higher wage?, had gathered in a lifetime. Men who save money at this astounding rate, However, at the sacrifice of all that) makes life worth living, are, perhaps not without reason, looked upon by Americans with suspicion anil a dislike not very far removed from positive hatred, and some way will certainly be found to keep them away, and thus preserve the existing high standard of American comfortable living. The telephone for short distances has be come a world-wide institution, but the long distance telephone is as yet confined to. America. We can now talk over the ■wire from New York to Chicago—l,ooo milts—and hear and be heard with greater distinctness and ease than over a couple of miles across tho city. The rate is high—a dollars for a five minutes' conversation —but what is that to a speculator in pork or grain, to whom a minute sometimes means s loss or gain of several thousands of dollars? After aU, it is cheaper than telegraphing, for when one gets accus tomed to it, he can easily talk from fouc to six hundred words in the allotted time, and of course it ie very much more satisfactory to hear the very accents of the answering correspon dent atthe other end of the live. But why, it may be aeked. is a long-distance telephone message more distinctly audible than a short distance one? Nothing can be more pimple. The short-distance ones are grounded to mother earth, while the long-distance telephone, in order to economise the strength of the current, is " looped " —that is to say the wire is doubled and the circuit is completed by a metallic line and npt by the earth. The doubled wire, too, is much thicker, running at the rate of 870 lb. a mile against 510 lb. for the ordinary telephone. There ia therefore from these two causes a total absence of the maddening burr —r —r resulting from induc tion, and a telephone chat becomes a positive luxury. The longest wire yet used is that between Boston and Milwaukee—l,3oo miles —bat there 18 none but an economic reason why there should not be communication of chafe eort between London and New York or between New York and San Francisco. Indeed, its is quite conceivable that within a very few years conversation, though at a pretty high tariff, may be had between any great city and any other part of the world's surface, thus realising to the tullebt extent the aunihiluLiou of space. Monopolies have ftt least some redeeming gleams of goodness. There never was a more absolute monopoly than the mining and reh'n ning of petroleum, but the monopolists in con trol have been shrewd enoush to see that their interest lay in increasing the consumption by cheapening the price, and this has been made possible, by the unification of the industry, to a most extraordinary degree. We have now the figures of the declining prices. In 18(>1 a gallon of export oil cost <>I.\ cents; in 1871, 23;j cents; in 1881, 8 cents; in IS9I, 6 J cents; and in 1892, 6 cents. The quality or tbe refined product has at the samo time been greatly improved. Twenty years ago it was every where predicted that the supply of the oil would Eoon be exhausted, but new wells have constantly been discovered, and there are now 65,000,000 dollars invested in plants tor pro ducing the crude petroleum, and there are alto laid down 25,000 miles of pipe lines to convey it from the wells to the seaboard, in addition to 9,000 tank care, which carry it above the surface over the railroads. So far as can be now 6?en the yield of oil will continue indefi nitely—almost certainly long after the last seam of coal ehale his been utterly worked out. As to the new natural gas wells a far less confident opinion can be ventured, but generations will certainly pass by before they are exhausted, and one sanguine man of science puts tbo possible limit of their produc tion at 50,000 yeara. How the gas was originally formed, however, is one of the great puzzles of the learned, and the probability teems to be that instead of simply being stored in the bowuis of the fsurth it ia even now constantly being manufactured by nature. Bitter opposition has been aroused by the appointment of a brother-in- law of Mr. Astor, now of Cleveden, England, as Minister to Italy, and perhaps tbe Senate will refuse to confirm him. He gave, not openly, but secretly, 50,030 dollars to the Democratic com mittee in the lust campaign, and it ie charged, not only by Republican but by a very great many Democratic papers as well, that the appointment was a previously r.greed upon quid pro quo for the place. JUr. Astor was formerly Minister at the same capital, and entertained bo lavishly that when be was suc ceeded by the scholarly but poor Judge Stallo the American-Roaiau colony bitterly com plained that the judge did not even spend all his salary, and lodged iv an apartment over a grocer's shop. The American colony was for the most part rich or well-to-do, but had as keen an appetite for eating and drinking and being amused at somebody else's expan&e; as the Roman multitude of old had for }jcnc?i ft circerscs, and naturally felt greatly aggrieved. Mr. Van Alec, the present appointee, would no doubt revive the glorii<s of the past, but he has bad already to suffer an outbreak of caricatures and newspaper abuse that must go far to make him feel that America cannot possibly be a pleasant home for a rich man. The incident would hardly be worth mention ing were it noo tfaas it is a significant sign of the i bitter hatred that exists not only below but even upon the surface of American society against the " very rich." Hew long the multi millionaires can stand it is a doubtful ques tion, but the pressure upon them steadily grows greater. Even in New York two-thirds of the state taxes are now paid by enccemen duties, and it is already proposed that they shall be increased enongh to make all other State taxation unnecessary. Congress, too, has before it at least half a dozen Bilk for the imposition of a progressive income tax. None of these mulct many way men who have less than 5,000 dollars ? V£ar. They are aU aimed simply and only at tte email caste of wealthy men who have made Newport and Fifth avenue, the world over, eynonyms for almost Roman luxury. But taxed alive by the Federal authorities and robbed after death by the State the millions of the plutocrat would soon vanish into the pablio treasuries. And the worst of it is that in nearly aU cases this class of men are defenceless. It may bea?ked, cannot they sell out and move away? Only with great difficulty. Their railroads, oil wells, and mines could not be marketed at anything like the real valus, and the nature of a lich man is such that ho v.iil rather take almost any risks than EuSer a great immediate loss. The theatres ara doing very badly, and one of the dramatic! papers pays that X[ooo actors are now idle in New York. This is possibly not a great exaggeration of the troth, forevengood travelling companies have had to disband often without the usual formality of "letting the ghost walk," or in other words paying off— and sad indeed is the lot of the Thespian trudging his way home over hundred? of miles. This is cne of the results of the "Cleveland hard times." Even in the cities half-salaries are not an unknown inci dent, aud three New York theatre* h?ve already passed into insolvency. Our oily noticeable excitement has bsen orer "The second Mrs. Tanqnsray," by Mr. Pinero, which Mrs. K<>iidal has tried in vain to make repeat its Louden teueeess. The heroine herself is an unpleasant acquaintance, either on or off the stage, even apart from her moral demerits, and Americans refuse to countenance her. Tim defence is that the play is a great moral lesgon. beta sine it pourtrays the unlovelinets of vice. But Americans at the theatre merely wish to bs amused, and not to have moral lessons crammed down their throats. 