iiiIii li«. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1S93. , THE COAL TEADE. BEYOND question, the notice given to the Miners Association by the Northern coal pro. prietors that the agreement will be ter- minated at the end of this year, must menace the even tenour of the coal mining industry That is already in very serious straits, Whether thiDga will goon Bmootbly or not depends very much on the good sense, the ? fl^lt'-rratraint, forbearance, and the foresight^ or all concerned. That ia the post colliery proprietors were »elf-seeking and inteot up.ni making profits regardas of considerations of humanity and decency, may bo accepted as proven. It is unhappily too true of man that, having power and opportunity he will take undue advantage of his fellow. Tbe agreement which after much negotiation and no stn »li amount of difficulty acsnow lodged a certain community of interest between the coalgetter and the coalowner, placed matters on a sounder footing, and the coalgetter obtained something like his right But m many wayB power carne in turu into MB hand and any unprejudiced observer must con- fess that he too has used it unwisely and tryannically. However, it can do little good to recall now the errors of the past. The prob- lem of the day is how to re-animate the de- clining-coal trade of Newcastle. Of the fact of the decline there can be no question. It is attributed to many canses: the general depression of commerce, the financial troubles, protective tariffs in other colonies of the Australian group, competition of Southern mines where coal getting is easy and wages lower than are paid in this district. The trade has dwindled, and the miners have been told that the proprietors carnot expect to regain any part of it it they are hampered by the agreement which names a minimum getting price. In fact, the profitable working of the miues even with the present volume of trade -so we understand the employers' case requires a reduction of the hewing rate. There must be further mutual sacrifice in the hope of mutual benefit. . ? Now, what will the minera do in the face of the crisis. We apprehend that the result of abrogating the agreement will leave each coal owner free to make arrangements for the woiking of his mine according to local conditions. He will try to pay auch wages as he can afford, taking into account the character of the seam, the demand for his coal, and so on. It is stated in the Press that the opinion of many experienced persons in Newcastle is that a hewing rate of 2a Gd per ton, provided we presume that work is regu- larly available, would pay the miner, and that there would be some hope of restoration of the lost trade, if coal could be sold at 7s 6d a ton. But we imagine that unless the Asso- ciation consents to a reduction of the getting price to 2s 6d a ton, there must be trouble. Or, which will be an equally disastrous alternative, the colliery-proprietors will be obliged to confess their inability to carry on at all, and will practically abandon the field altogether. It is to be hoped the miners in ay be wisely counselled at this juncture. The price of te 6d a ton for coal is a great drop from 14s, which was the rate in the heyday of the agreement, and manifestly the owners would be sacrificing in no small degree if they offered coal at that price in the hope of luring trade back again. The miners of the district who at the present rates cannot get work enough, and many of whom are subsisting on an insufficient dole of public and private charity, have as much interest as the proprietor« of collieries in a revival of demand for coal at the port of Newcastle. The trade cannot be played with : it is not in the condition in which it wa« found before the agreement wa« framed ; the very success of that agreement in keeping np wages and price of coal has had effect of calling into existence local and other competitors for tbe trade, to I say nothing of othf-r canses which produced similar results; and the persons concerned must adapt themselves to many new cir- cumstances, for some of which they are responsible, if of others they~are the victims That there is merit and value in an agree- ment anyone can clearly Bee. The miners fear that in it« absence there will begin a period of ruinous underselling end competition, compelling a reduction of wage» to a rate at which the miner cannot live. An agreement is conceivable which would regulate the play of competition so that it conld be arrested at the dangerous point, but any agreement must in the circumstances of the day be more flexible than that now to be terminated. IF the problem is approached by both parties not with a desire on either to get the better of the other, but with a sense of community of interest in its solution, a sense-to put the matter more strongly-of a grave common danger, some satisfactory adjust- ment surely cannot be impracticable. UsrrOBTTJNATJEir for Mr. McMillan he did not get a hearing when be essayed on a recent occasion to address the electors of East Sydney. The Press at large, the chief pro- tectionist organ in Sydney, one or two Labour Electoral Leagues and the Prime Minister condoled with the honourable gentleman. It was intimated that when Mr. McMillan again made the attempt to speak, his friends would rally in suffi- cient force to ensure him a hearing. And now we hear of a counter-demonstration, while more than one person has written to the papers in defence of the sacred right of howling down a speaker whose utterances are unpalatable. Sir George Dibbs, taking a survey of the situation from the standpoint of his Ministerial duty, has proffered the assist- ance of the police at the meeting to take place this evening. Mr. MsMillan objects; from his point of view a meeting whence any but friends, or at any rate persons willing respect- fully to hear him, are forcibly excluded or ejected, is not a pnblic meeting. He believes his own friends can keep order. We venture to thick howerer that the Colonial Secretary is taking the proper course. He is respon cible to the community for the maintenance of the public peace. He Bees that the enemies of Mr. McMillan's free speech are determined ; no secret is made of an equal determination on the part of the friends of the member for East Sydney; the conditions are such as promise a big row, and the Prime Minister actB the wise part in coming between two exasperated bodies of men, and preventing that row. It is nothing to the purpose that one body would be anima- ted by righteous indignation and the other by the rage of unmanly foolB who have already done wrong. The point is that the peace is visibly threatened, that something like Lynch law is to be appealed to ; and the guardian of the peace interposes to prevent the threat from becoming a reality. As we understand the instructions to be given to the plain-clothes constables to be detailed for the duty, they will not be in evidence at all unlesB their services are needed. The regulator of the meeting will be the chairman : it will be only st his request, and on the appearance of a manifest need for police help, that he will resort to any authority out 1 side his own. And any chairman worth ' his salt will be able to discriminate between ' such interruptions and interjections as are frequent and perfectly allowable at mixed meetings, and an organised opposition in- tended to silence the speaker. Of course the common spectacle of denial of free speech in Sydney is to be deplored, but if in the endeavours of speakers and their sup- porters to gain a hearing, a breach of the peace seems threatened, we cannot think the authorities would be justified in standing aside till a fight was begun or had transpired. And Mr. McMillan may be reminded that eren if he is obliged to the presence of the police for the hearing he gets to-night, his woids will have a wider audience than any which he can reach by his voice in the most favourable circumstances in Sydney. There may be indignity in addressing an audience under police protection. Yet it is an indignity which after all attaches much less to the speaker in such circumstances than to those foolish and unmanly folk who make the expe- dient necessary. And the reader of the report of a speech so delivered, provided the speech itself be worthy, is nowise impressed by the circumstances of its delivery but wholly by the weight and force of the argu- ments. In a word, Mr. McMillan bulks so largely in the eyes of the best elements of the community, that he will he judged by what he says, and will suffer in no one's estimation if he be obliged to have his say under the agis of the law. FEBEBATIOX i« to have its day in our Parlia- ment before that august body gives np the ghost. Perhaps that is rather a sanguine way of putting it-what is to happen, so far a« the Attorney-General can make it happen, is that the draft bill of the first Convention will be dealt with in committee. Mr. Barton will do wisely in other public interests, and altogether aside from any consideration of the importance of federation itself, to press for- ward the committal of the draft bill. The last session of a moribund Assembly offers itself almost providentially, we may say, for the very purpose. Its power of legislation is necessarily restricted. Yet it must sit for a month or two, and cannot go out of existence till the machinery is ready to bring in its successor. Every member will be under temptation to talk over the heads of his fellows to the country. If Satan finds mis- chief for idle hands, he is no less diligent in similar provision for idle tongues. The Draft Federal Constitution will be something sub- stantial to talk about, and will furnish work to be done. Members ought to be grateful for the opportunity to talk about higher themes than their own merits and what passes for politics with the average public man of New South Wales. But that is not all. In the present condition of public business any time taken for the committal of the draft constitution is time which can be ill spared even to consideration of so great a subject. And here there is an interval of time, a period which atood in peril of being unwisely used, which can be utilised without any encroachment on the hours demanded for legislation in arrears. Some of us have thought of a special session to deal with the draft bill only. Well, here is not exactly a special session, but yet a session with time to spare, and that is quite as good for all practical purposes. It is not necessary we should imagine further to point out that though the Assembly be doomed, it can fitly deal with this measure. The fact is, it nil! sit in committee rather as a debating society than as a Legislature. The forms of Parliament will for convenience sake be observed, but every change made in the text of the draft will be a suggestion for amendment only, not an actual amendment. Thus there is no impropriety in the gentlemen who constitute our two Homes of Parliament-for of course the bill as amended by the Assembly committee will also be considered by a committee of (he Council-in the circumstances dis- cussing under the forms of Parliament this measure. To give it the force of law does not rest with them, but with a body or bodies to be called into existence in the future by consent of the people of Aus- tralia. Extreme satisfaction may be jos% felt at the prospect of the federation cause being materially helped in Kew South Wales without any detriment to the discus- sion of matters calling urgently for local legislation. 