SATURDAY'S MATCHES. Essendon Victorious and Mel bourne Vanquished. , Essendon Establish a Long lead for the Premiership. Geelong and Collingwood Effect Surprises. Comments on the Games. By " Free Kick." Footballers were favored on Saturday by beautiful weather, and, as there had was very little rain during the week, the turf was in rare form for the sprinters of the various teams. Great interest was shown in the second meet- ing of Geelong and Melbourne, for the defeat of the latter would give Essendon a substantial lead for the premiership ; in fact, nearly make it an assured thing for them. The first meeting of the two clubs ended in a bare victory for the metropolitans by one goal, though on the general play the Pivotonians were entitled to a win. On Saturday, however, they had their revenge, for they not only beat their opponents, but in doing so practically put them out of the premier- ship. Melbourne were unfortunate in being without the services of their captain (Fox), one of their best followers— M'Kenzie — both of whom were suffering from the effects of recent accidents. Added to these mis- fortunes was the fact that Roche, Smith, Christy, Healing, and Fry were far from fit, and should have been spectators rather than players, and it will be easily underrstood that the supporters of the red legs were far from confident about the result of the game. In the absence of Fox, the captainship of the Melbourne fell on B. ...y, while O'Halloran acted as vice-cap- tain. Houston, as usual, led the Geelong team, and a few minutes after three they emerged from their dressing room to the accompaniment of welcoming cheers from a passionate crowd of supporters who had come np special train from the Pivot. Schaefer was the central umpire and got on fairly well, although a good many of his decisions were subject to question. Melbourne went off with a great rush immediately on the bounce of the ball, and in a few minutes Howes punted an easy goal for them. Geelong retaliated, and some pretty play by Burns, M'Callum, Parkmore, and De Coit resulted in the team getting a nice goal. Melbourne then took charge of affairs, and, before the quarter bell rang, had added four more goals to their score— the result of some excellent shooting by Roche, and Howes, the latter of whom found the opening twice. Christy also had tries for goal, but only managed to put up a behind each time. In the second quarter the visitors had much the best of the game, and not only added two goals and three be- hinds to their score, but also prevented their opponents from scoring. During the interval the wind changed right around, Geelong getting the advantage of the change. They made every use of the advantage, and, displaying a very fine exhibition of football, speedily wore their opponents down. Two splendid marks by James right in front of goal produced two major points, and brought scores equal amidst great excitement. In the last quarter there was some splendid marking, and kicking on both sides, and, until within a few minutes of time it appeared as if the game was going to be a drawn one. But alas ! for Melbourne, Higgins got a mark just in front, and booted easy goal, giving Geelong a victory by one goal. The winners owe their victory in great measure to the exertions of Burns and Houston, who set their fellows a splendid example of unselfish play. It was quite a pleasure to witness the way these two old Pivotonians played to each other and the use they made of the ball when they got it. It quite evident that "superfluous lags the veteran on the stage " cannot yet be applied to the genial Peter or the knowing Dick. The defence line of both teams was very strong, that of Melbourne being perhaps slightly the better of the two. The centre lines were very well balanced, but the Mel- bourne line past the centre was very weak, and it was on their play in this part of the field that they lost the game, for time after time the ball was forced up by the followers only to be returned by the Geelong backs without having been handled at all by the opposing forwards. There was little to choose between the two rucks until the middle of the third quarter, after which time the Geelong had much the best of it, owing to an accident to Christy. How much influence one man's play has in a ruck was never more clearly shown than in this case, for Christy's absence seemed to quite de- moralise the other Melbourne followers, and leave them at easy prey to the superior wiles of Houston, Burns, Greenfield and Co. Coming to the individual play, special mention must be made of the fine following of Greenfield and Ryan; the defence work of "Wilson, Davie, Armstrong, and Leahy, the clever and effective play of McCallum and McShane ; the dashes of Conway. and ihe clever roving of Connor. Marmo played a good game, but was inclined to pay more attention to the man than the ball. Black- more, De Coit, Higgins and Brockwell were of the useful kind, and Wilson, the new junior recruit, shaped fairly well among the for- wards. The most noticeable points in the play of the Melbourne were the splendid defence of Toms, O'Halloran, Healing, and Moore ; the dashing runs of Massey and F. Sheahan ; the hard, consistent game and accurate shooting of Howes ; the high marking and all-round cleverness of Lewis in the centre ; the clever dodging of little Bert Kelly, and the vigorous exertions in the ruck of G. Sheahan, O'Loughlin, Wiseman, Wilson, and Fry. Moysey was very brilliant until half time, but died away in the second half, and Christy, until he was hurt, was doing as much work as any other two men on his side. There was great excitement at Williams- town over the second meeting of the local team and their neighbours from the Salt water River. The first game had resulted in a narrow win for the 'Town, and party feel- ing ran high over this second match. The umpire committee, knowing this, sent Trait down to umpire, and it is satisfactory to know that he gave satisfaction both to victors and vanquished, and that, though the excitement was intense all through the game, none of the players gave the umpire any occasion for report- ing them. Critics who saw the game are agreed that it was the finest ever played at Williamstown, the high marking and long kicking, of the majority of both teams being out above all others, vis., Dyson, Chadwick, Sheahan, and Pender, the two former par- ticularly for their kicking, and the two latter for their high marking and kicking. Dyson's kicking off was of great service to his side, while Chadwick's kicking for goal was equally, if not more, serviceable for Footscray. Sheahan and Pender divide the honor of being the pick of the forty, the cleverness and brilliancy of both fairly rousing the large crowd which had assembled to see the match. Till half- time lt looked as if the 'Town were going to have an easy victory, but in the third quarter the visitors made things so warm that the locals had not the ghost of a chance, and had to remain stationary while four goals were registered against them. The last quarter was very level, each side getting a goal and two behinds, and the game thus ended in a win for Footscray by one goal. In addition to Sheahan and Dyson, the most noticeable men on the Williamstown side were Grunden, Shanahan, Murray, Jones, Kenny, Griffin. Brownfield, and Page. Fribbs was very much in evidence till half- time, but after that was not very prominent, nor was McCubbin in his usual good form. On the Footscray side Powell and Kirk- patrick were in great form among the backs. Dick was ubiquitous about the centre, and Molyneux, when roving, was very hard to beat. Morgan, especially in the last half, was one of the best men on the ground, and T. Stranger was, as usual, the hardest worker in the ruck. Nicholls, Walsh, and Lemon were also in the first flight. On the Richmond ground the local team started off well against South Melbourne, scoring two goals before their opponents had got going, but after that they went to pieces, and gave the Southerners a day's shooting for goal. The red and white forwards were, however, not in goal getting humor, and could only manage seven goals from twenty- five tries — a marked contrast to their per- formance against Carlton, when they got seventeen goals from a like number of tries. Richmond were unfortunate in having Parker, one of their ablest followers, disabled before half - time, and this may account in some degree for the manifest superiority of the opposing ruck. It was on the ruck play indeed that the game was won, and in that department the South have no superiors this season. A. Digby and Dethbridge, two recent inclusions in the Richmond team, shaped very well— the former as a back man and the latter as a forward man and a follower. Dowdell was the best of the ruck men, and Blakely and J. Digby the pick of the place men. The two veterans, O'Meara and McKay, were well looked after by their opponents, and did not get many chances to distinguish themselves. All the South ruck were in good nick, and as stated before, were the biggest factors in the success of the team. Doran, both back and forward, was as tricky es ever, and got his long desired goal in a premiership match. McCleery, from Warr- nambool, was included in the team for the first time, and was a decided acquisition, and Gladstone's performance showed a decided improvement on previous efforts. Watson's marking and kicking were of a high order, and he was the most use- ful of the forwards. His ablest assistant was O'Regan. Forman and Windley were also in their usual consistent form. Essendon had an easy win against St. Kilda on the East Melbourne ground. Officer, Clarke, Nixon, and Christian stood out of the Essendon team, and Abrahams and Archer were absentees from the Saints. One of the features of the game was the splendid kicking of the St. Kilda goal sneak, Marshall. He had six shots, all of which went through the posts, five of them being registered as goals and the other one being touched at the mark. Thurgood was also in good form, and was credited with five goals. Hall, Forbes, and Vautin were the most brilliant men on the ground, and " Tracker " covered himself with glory by kicking a goal. The brothers Kearney were in excellent trim, while the play of Crebbin, Grecian, and Young left little to be desired. Fitzpatrick and Shaw were about the best of the Saints, and they found their ablest assistants in Marshall, Lowe, Rams- den, Phillips, Smith, Fitchett, and Vautier. This was Vautiers first big match, and he gave promise of developing into a first class player. Shaw was central umpire, and got through his arduous duties very satis- factorily. After next Saturday the East Melbourne ground will be closed to the footballers, and Essendon's last five matches will be played on foreign grounds. Next Saturday Essendon and Carlton meet on the East Melbourne Ground, but on recent performances the dark blues can have no possible chance. Fitzroy go to Geelong, and a splendid game should result. The Pivotonians are a very in and out team this season, but if they are in the humour on Saturday, I think they will just about get home. The Melbourne and South Mel- bourne meet on the ground of the latter. The Melbourne, unfortunately, have a good many men on the accident list just now. and they will require to play all they know to have any chance against the sturdy Southerners. Port Melbourne journey across the water to Williamstown, and the battle is sure to be fierce and furious. The 'Town are in fine form just now, and ought to win. Richmond and Collingwood meet at Victoria Park, when I expect to see the Magpies with four more points to their credit. St. Kilda go to Footscray, and as the latter are always very dangerous on their own ground, I fancy their chances very much for this contest. The Caulfield trainers and jockeys will play a team selected from her Majesty's warship Nelson to-morrow (Wednesday), on the South Melbourne Cricket Ground. The Caulfield team will be selected from Bence (2), Blair. Cullen, Curtis. Christy, Chapman, Cubitt, Foulsham, Hayes, Harper, King (2), Reeves, Rhodes, Raper, Robson, Red- fern, Taltv (2), Tomlin, Thomas, Anley, and Wilson. Appended is a table showing the position of the clubs on the premiership list, with the total number of goals gained and lost : and also a list of the principal goal-kickers in Saturday's matches. A similar table is added for tbe first-rate juniors. RESULTS OF PREMIERSHIP MATCHES, 1893. 01nb- !|«|s Iji-illlll Essendon .. H J S j — 1 99 f 3£» 1 5C 1-4 MelUoorne .. IC 13 , 2 1 '-'7 j 49 i t-4 64 Sooth ilelbo'njel 15 2 1 ' 3 2 1«4 ! 5<5 , GO ' 4€ Geeloug .. H 9 3 £ 70 j 57 ( 5C 40 FJktot ..j J5 9 6 — 5 6C , OJ ZC Si. Hilda ..j 13 6 fc J fiS | M j W . Sis Footacmv 15 C 9 — 56 ' C3 ; 60 . S4 Port- Melbonrne! 14 5 7 S <4 Bu j M . £4 CoIIinirwood .J H 5 8 , 1 49 ; 02 j 6 Car'.tou .. U 4 9 1 49 I 7 WiUiBJOStown .. 15 S 10 S 55 ! 75 | CO , Jti Bichmoud ..I 14 £ 1 10 1 £ 55 I 91, BG li K. Melbourne ..I 16 g \ 13 I — 3c > h8 I 40 b THE PRINCIPAL GOAL-KICKERS IN PREMIERSHIP MATCHES, 1KB. Grace (Fitzroy) ... ... 37 Tburgood (Essendon) ... ... 33 Watson (South Melbourne) ... 25 Boche (Melbourne) ... ... 2+ De Coit (Geelong) ... ... 22 Smith (Melbonrne) 20 Eraser (Port Melbourne) ... 19 Marshal! (St. Kilda) ... ... 19 Christy (Melbourne) ... ... JC Campbell (Essendon) ... ... 16 Allard (St. Jvflda) 14 Anderson (Collingwood) ... 13 Kendall (Collingwood) ... ... 12 Sparrow (Richmond) ... ... 12 M'Donald (Carlton) ... ... Pi O'Regan (South Melbourne) ... 10 R. Kc'ly (Melbonrne) ... ... 9 Griffin (Williamstown) ... ... 9 Smith (Collingwood) ... ... 9 Powell (Footscray) ... 8 Leith (Carlton .. ... ... 8 Auks (Fit-.roy; ... ... ' « «ron (E».,-..lo«) I " varren (Willinmstown) ... / J. Jon fWilliainstowu) ... 7 Housto. ,Gm! ' 7 Hove, fi-lbooniej 7 Pender (Fornll 7 Xrring (konttiu-lbonrne) ' Stars and Gripes Cigarette TrMjhy. Foe (he club nhic. More5 lbo "behinds" in proportio, t0 Koals Table showing the relative postions oi cleba to date : — Gout.. Z'ec. Melbourne .. 97 .. la, .73 St. Hilda .. 02 .. 61 .. -75 Fitzroy .. .. 85 .. 111. -7(55 Williamstown 55 . 73 .j -75;-» South Melbourne 94 .. 381 <717 Geelong.. .. 70 .. 100 5ip Esseodon . . 99 - 159 « G2i Carlton .. 49 .. 81 .. 60| North Melbourne 36 .. C3 .. 573 Collingwood .. 49 .. 89 .. '551 Fqptser&y; .. 56 .. 1GG .. Port Melbourne.. 44 .. 85 '511 : - j. Positions of fflutw hp to and iuohisira oT 19th August:— ..'sjac-- < g- triW SECTIOK a. . __ .. Fittrov Juulors .. 15 — 1 "47 36 64 60 Austral .. ..11 2 3 49 24 4 48 , Nth. ifelb'ue Juniors 10 3 S 50 29 64 8 JIarylcboue .. .. 20 2 4 38 25 64 41 North Williamstown 9 1 6 <9 32 64 SB Uuircrsity .. .. 7 3 7 tS 46 64 81 Carlton Juniors ..0 1 9 83 43 64 26 Union Jack .. .. I S 11 34 68 64 16 UdlingiOD (disban'ed)' 1 I 6 16 62 — — Coburg (disbaudedj — — 4 i 21 — - SRCTtOK B. Napier Imperial ..14 1 1 117 32 64 68. Albion United ..11 2 8 6B 44 64 48 Collingwood Juniors 12 — 4 71 60 64 4B Hawthorn .. ..10 1 » 39 Sfi 64 43 Essendon District ..8 — 8 60 48 64 83 Brunswick « .. 6 8 7 61 33 64 80 Rainbow .. .. 6 — 10 38 61' 64 84 Brighton ' .. 4 1 U 41 79 04 18 Preston .. .. 8 18 80 86 04 11 Camherwell .. .. 3 — 14 >7 61 64 8 