j-i The Storyteller, | . withou-Fand within ||. : CHAPTER XX. ,'.,. . THE OWVKSB PLACE. A , (Continued.) l'. Tho Gwynne Place bad certainly nothing iti in its exterior to warrant its occupying' so '?'? - inoch space in our lalk, or in tbia letter. It J!. ' wns simply a grey reverend farmhouse ; with j * a 1od£ row of maples in front, and a lurjre, !-, dense orchard in the rear. Time and J weather had left legible enough traces upon ' it, and it bad the forlorn look of emptiness p], about it; hut otherwise, it was a house as i, little suggestive ot ghostly tenants as could 1 well bo conceived of. ' ? ?] Wo found its interior in a perplexing statu of lopsy-turvity ; but Mrs. Prescott set to '] work, with bar usual energy and directness . i . ol purpose, and soon oleared a space for action V Then she produced, from some quarter, a r kettle of paste, several rolls of wull paper, i j scissors and brush ; and Bet about meamir \l\ ing cutting-, trimmiujr, panting, and hanging, 1 i as if she had been born to tbe business. A( '? Bulb, too, threw herself into the work , ', with a cheerful alacrity and hcartinoss that i(: it was good to seo. Having first helped Air. ^ i Taylor to clear tbe parlor, huo found the '.' | carpet there appropriated, satisQed herself 'ijp that is required no other fitting than a little 1 |j turuiug in on one nido, rmuiuuged about for a ' lianuner nnd lacks, and went down upon her ti; ' XueeB and commeuced operations ut onco. '.. The quick, sharp nound ol lit-r hammer '', ' celiord through the Iiouho ; and it was (ol k i lowed by a cheery littlo carol from her lips, ^ . that seemed to bubble np from the very well .;'. spring of joyfulness. I could not help stopping . ; to watch her a moment, hho looked so bright ?1 - and happy ; and filio did her work so easily i° and so well, with a simple unconscious '? ' grave that guvo it tho easy charm ot'pluy. '.^ ' Ghosts would not umluro tho s[ioctaclo [.,,' for a momout,' 1 was saying to myself, when \- \ I was Ktnrtied by a deep, unexpociad voice I /. ? behind me — jj ' Well 1 if I ain't dumbfounded.' '}. CHAPTER XXr. \ SKTT1NG TO I11OI1T8, WITIIOUT^AND WITHIN. \- Looking round, I naw Aunt Vin's cnlico ?5 Bun-bnnnot jerking spasmodically in tbodoor f way ; while tho wearer thereof was taking in ,: the whole scone with an ornazed glanco. tt ' Is ihnt Ruth Winnot?' sho procooded, : after a moment, ' or is it a pectoral allunion V ( ' How do you do V said I, holding out my } hand. ' ' Speak for yoarsolf, Rutlj, and tell \ Miss Rust whether you are a spectral i illusion, or not.' I. ' My very own self, Aunt Vin !' declared '; Ruth, morrily, holding her hammer suh p. pended over a nail, wbilo she spoke, and ?i then bringing it down sharply, by way of :? point to her sentence 'If you doubt it, '*- , pinch me, nnd sco if 1 don't cry ont like real ,'? , fieRh and blood !' :» 'Thut would be concussive evidence,1 ;- relumed Aunt Vin, dryly. ' But, bless me ! ?J Miss Frost, what sort of bokors-pokers have i-. ' you been a-tying on tho girl ? 1 shouldn't i' have known her if I'd mot her anywbers out i^ ' of Shiloh. She used to look ' liko patience :..j on emolument, sp'iliug with grief;' now, ^ ' she's u good deal more liko a 'butterfly, ^ born in a bowery.' She'll be the sinecure of :;i. all eyes tuis ultcrncon, I think.' . j.-j ' liuth's face foil. Thai was exactly what -( flho dreaded most. I luiHteuod to give a j:j different color to hortlioughls. ;ij 'Do not ho turning liuth's hoaii tvithyoui i'l complimohts, Miss ftust ! Ifsliu is prolty j enough to utiruct everybody's gaze, it is not h accessary to tell her of it ; 1 cannot offord ?J to have her spoiled with vanity, yet.' fy Aunt Yin utaied hard for a motnont ; then ? her grim fenturcs slowly relaxed into a auiilo, j, and her head jerked o kind of uustoro ad \, ? miration. ?-. ' You have been a dipperrnat or a file ij ofllcerl You're deep enough to beat Talloy* ]. rant nnd Michael Velli at their own game 1' ? j Then sho lurned to Ruth. ' Well, anyhow \- I'm just os glad to sco you hero, ns if 1 had y sore eyes, nnd you was somo sort of patent »\ delirium. And the sight of your industry in U real respiring. It reminds mo that it's liffjh ?i time that 1 was set about something myself, I I'm always restful dihI unonsy when 1 niii't .i| to work at something. Who is the queen \i, bee pro temporal of this hive, Miss Frost ?' I, I could not answer. Aunt Vin's sentences itj liad sent mo in hasto to tho window to laugh tl my irrepressiblo laugh unscon. Ruth saw my i\j, condition and canto to the roscno. '? ' I can't say who the queon boo is, Aunt i3!. Vin ; but you will find Mr. Taylor nnd Airs jt Frescott in the other room if you want direc /,' tions. Or you cuu set yourself to work, as I s did. One can't go much amisp, in thin bouse; -!, tlioro is work enough for all that come, and i \ more too, I lanoy.' ;t\ Oh, you'll have an enforcement soon,' ro \f] plied Aunt Vin, oncouragingly. 'Eosie i/j Volger's on-a-root now, I suppose ; I saw her \-- horse at the guto as I came along. And !sv there's two or three — unmentionables, we'll lit tall them — who're sure to corao ; just to see t{ that your carpet goes down concisely Htraight % Buth ; and to take a look at Mr. Taylor's y- goods and chatters, and make euro thut ho f, hasn't got any moro curpets nud curtains and { potfi and kottlos, and other personal dolocls, \\\ than the law allows,' sho added dryly, as her :« vibratory sun bonnet disappeared from the j'.f, doorway. 3, Ruth and I looked at oaoh other, and gave e'i 'nay to tlio irroeistiblo oontngiuu of repressed 'H mirth. Sho wan tho first to Tecover herself. E'i 'Aunt Vin is a great doal too good to be % laughed at,' sho obsorvod, wiping her eyes ; ij. ' my conscience rebukes mo every time I do !-?( it. But eho docs sny such absurd things ! it-( what i'h one to do?' if. ' Only to take caro tbst sho duos not boo i-j the laugh, and fool hurt by it. I respect ,-., Aunt Viu's ohnrnotor from tho bottom of my ,i| heart, Hutli. Her nctivo kindness, her ready & sy in pat by, her voluntary assumption of tasks '?*- which others slum, are worthy of all honor j 3{ bat her vooabuiarv is fairly a subjoct for bf mirth, I think, if the lau^h ie unming'lcd with ;?», any diBrospoct to herself. But I must not i«l, Imgerhero any longer, laughing at that, nor :^ enjoying tho protty spectaolo of your bright :*i activity; it is time I followed her good jdj example, and found something, to do.' -l| Not, away from me 1' exclaimed Ruth, in % affright. ' 11 you desort me now, whoh all 'k| thoBo people iiro coming, I'll never put faith 'i; iu you again.' \ The difficulty was settled by tbe appear *h anoool' Mr, Taylor, -with a pilo of muslin 'si ii . , curtains in his arms. ' I am ashamed to bring you these, Miss Frost,' said he, surveying them dubiously. ' but Bach are Mrs. Prescott's orders. To be sure, they are all tbe parlor curtains we have or are like to bavo ; bat that last wash seems to have established their claims to go on tbe retired list. Fortunately life is poEsible without parlor curtaim. Relieve my mind by saying that you will havo nothing to do with them.' ' And bnrden uiy conscience ? No, no Mr. Taylor ; you have brongbt me n job after my own heart, nnd I cannot resign it so easily. I have a genius for darning and patching, as you will allow when your curtains are made to look ' maist as weet as now.' ' ' A sure sign that yon are destined for a poor man's wile,' said a cheery voice at my r-lbov. ' Leave the curtains Mr. Taylor, aud I will help Miss Frost lo rejuvenate them ; that is, ii she will accept ray coadjntorship.' [To be continued.] 