N'lMPOEYEU - By J. O. B. Mr. S. Politzer, of Sydney, has submitted to the Premier a design for a' crematorium. In two hours a body becomes dust and ashes — ashes par ticularly. Some persons supposed that one cadaver only could be consumed at a rime, or 12 a day, supposing the establishment to be alwayB going-; This is a mistake, as a score, a hundred, or a thousand could find accommodation and warmth, according to the size of the institution. In the general chimney would mingle the gases of those who'd never mingled in life. Gin a body met a ' body goin' through the smoke; gin a body jammed a body need a body choke. . . . At charity concerts among the Japanese it is customary for the audience to express satisfaction with the per formance by throwing their hats, ties, coats, sashes, &c.;, upon the stage after each artistically rendered item, much as Australian diggers of 40 years ago strewed the profcenium with nuggets for ladies in tights (too often, alas, synonymous with tight ladies in those distant days) to pick up. So it comes that - European females had better rise and leave before the end of a Japanese performance — particularly if favourite artistes have been engaged. At the termination, the people in front, who came in evening dress, go round to the back under cover of the kindly darkness and release their clothes by paying full price for them. In fact they pay when the concert is over or else go home in undress. It would be deplorable if such became the vogue in Sydney. During the present depression it is to be feared that tho proceeds of even a crowded house, would have to be sold by the ton. . . . Louis Bernadet presented himself for military service in France last month. A gendarme assisted him to draw his number by lifting him on to the table by the collar. Louis is 2ft. 4in. high ; and, in the last number of the Revue dt deux Mortdcs, a French general won't be easy till the tricolour is again seen bellying on the Rhine. ' * * * * A seventy-thousand-pound limb lopped off one department, the Education, is an earnest of business. It would appear as if constant prod ding — before, behind, and on all sides— had at last aroused the Ministry to a sense of its obliga tions. At the same time there are two ways of viewing this heroic surgery. How conflicting soever may be the opinions concerning popular go vernment, with its corollary of universal suffrage, there is one point on which persons of all political colours — red an I blue and yellow and green — un- hesitatingly agree. If we are to have a Demo cracy, let it be an educated one. I decline, at this stage, to be inveigled into the hoary contro- : versy, ' What is education?' — a controversy that was old when the world was young — and freely admit that the savage whom necessity teaches to observe and reason, -so he may discover the prey he 6eeks or avoid the enemy seeking him, is better educated than the Caucasian, who can read and write, but not notice and ponder. Yet, to many persons — the colony is thick with them — who rejoice to see the elucation subsidy go up, and the prison vote or the war estimate go down, the proposal to curtail the former by the large sum of £70,000 by one penstroke is regarded with doubt, seasoned with disfavour. From several quarters arises the cry — it has been heard before, somet'm s l-ud and s'irili — 'Let high school fees be paid by parents able and willing.' If the per sons making this demand had served as State ? schoolteachers, and observed the ill-concealed confusion of poor pupils when the fee-roll was called on Monday morning, they would be more apt to Bay, ' Away with all fees. Let children, during at least a portion of their lives, stand on the same level.' New South Wales is overrun with competent and zealous pri vate teachers, so that people who condemn the Public schools because of the low or np fees can readily attain their desires by removing their talented progeny to other establishments. No dou\t there are anomalies, some of them whimsical enough, in the Public Instruction branch ; 'but they are inseparable from all large concerns. Wben a school shows a roll of one boy and onegirl with an average daily attendance of a bit of a lad (0*6) and a slip of a girl (0*6 also), a natural desire arises to Bee these immature Siamese twins who, unlike grown people, come together for instruc tion and separate for relaxation. Also to inter view the teacher or the decimal of him that turns up daily to supervise his fractional pupils. How ever, one question put to the girls' cookery class in a Sydney State school will go far to reconcile the country at l&rge; to the huge curtailment pro posed by Minister Suttor. It is: 'At what heat ' does albumen coagulate, and how does this knowledge guide you in making baef-tea for the sick ? ' In presence of this teaser, what can a staid family man do but fold his' hands helplessly ; refuse to read further for fear of meeting, 1 1 What are the anatomical and physiological differences between a fat little pig' and a little fat pig f' and regret that the Minister didn't see his way to put another cipher at the right end of the £70,000. The 'bright lassie who answered the albumen puzzle correctly will pro bably wed a journeyman tailor and be scolded, possibly beaten, by him on Tuesday mornings for endeavouring to cure his Mondays' vagaries by means of b e '-boa possessing some of the charac teristics of porridge without thelatter's grip. ? * « * * The Maclean mystery is a mystery no longer. It will be remembered that for some time past a lady residing in that town has been subjected to a visitation of a peculiarly irritating kind. Stones thrown by unseen bands clatter upon her roof all through the night. Two or three of her neigh bours are at present in gaol for having started or continued the diablerie, with the singular result that since their retirement the stones reaching her premises have not alone become more numerous, but are rapidly approach ing the dimensions of boulders. Cordons of. citizens and constables have been drawn round the house for the purpose of discovering the offenders, but, so far, the result has not been en couraging. The thickest showers of missiles bound from the shingles while the watchers*, eyes are widest open. Little wonder the poor woman occupying the building is cltnost distracted. At last, however, an explanation, of the uncanny doings is afforded, 'and it is reasonable to expect that the bombardment will soon cease. Mr. Cyril Haviland, of Sydney, has explained in a Maclean journal that the nightly pother whiih depresses the woman and defies the cordons belongs to a class of phenomena famiHa-r to spiritualists, although so strange to unbelievers. It n'»ana that some disembodied spirit ' wishes to communicate with someone on this earth.' That's all. Now that this very probable eolation has been given, people wonder why it never occurred to them before. But everything is easy when you know it — every modern schoolboy knows that a regular figure described on the long side of a _ right angled -triangle is equal to tbe two similarly described figures on the other sides. And the lad justly wonders, too, why. those old Greek chaps that thought themselves so clever were so long in finding it * ont. The same with tbe earth's rotundity, , the circulation of the blood, gunpowder, electricity, and a hundred other things. This globe of ours started throwing a round shadow millions of years ago, and this blood of ours spurted over numberless knife-handles for ages before it occurred to men that the world was not flat or the veins stagnant. All Socrates or Aristotle knew about electricity was that a feather leaped half-way to meet a -piece of well-rubbed amber. Still, there are some things in Mr. Haviland's interpretation that are not so clear as they might be. If life* is merely a perpetual, development — if both body and spirit constantly rise to better and higher things on the stepping-stones of their dead selves — it ia curious that, -in order to arrest atten tion, ghosts have to fall back on the undeniably crude method of dropping paving-stones or bricks on human habitations. You'd think they'd got beyond that. Besides, before some men would hearken the rocks would have to be dropped not on their houses but on their heads. Again, it is not certain that the missiles are always fired at the proper roofs, j I, A, may have the greatest regard i or even veneration for my neighbour B ; but my ] friendship is put to a fievere strain when bis grandfather, killed years before by a quart -pot in a taproom brawl, knocks my chimney Bideways with road metal for the purpose of attracting the notice of his grandson. It but adds a new terror to life to know that yon may at any moment be maimed by a stone thrown by a spectre. In view of all the improved methods of human communi cation — telephones, phonographs, telegrams, &c.; — it is a little mortifying to discover that spirits, whose intelligf nee is presumably on a far higher plane than man's, are obliged to adopt a method similar to that employed by a Sydney/ rough. The least Mr. Haviland can do is to go to Maclean, receive the message or ascertain for whom it is intended, and, if possible, secure the ghost. The proud- motto, ''Advance Australia,' will become tarnished if shades are much longer suffered to shy stones. 