"WEEDS." CHAPTER I. THE CARPEN. 'OH I Oh, hoir delightful! Oh, lum so glad !' And two exceedingly pretty dimpled hands, one of which holds the letter that their owner is reading, meet and ecstati cally clasp each other as if pretending, after the sycophantic wanner of depend ents, that they also are delighted. «What's delightful? What are you glad about ?' asked Dick Selwyn, joint proprietor of those same dimpled hands, laying down the newspaper from which he, in common with the rest of the Bri tish public on this morning, has been regaling himself with the latest " amusing divorce case" (amusing, that is, to all except the insignificant minority person ally concerned, to whom, maybe, the whole affair appears rather as a tragedy just commenced), and insinuatingly push ing his empty cup in the direction of the coffee-pot. ' Why, Jessie is up In London, and is cqniing on to us to-day 1' answers Daisy, keeping her eyes still fixed upon her letter, and pouring out Dick's coffee at the same time-a feat in domestic gym nastics the like of which young house wives are curiously fond of performing, and the watching of which never fails to excite amazement and alarm in the bosom of the male audience. Dick waits while one white hand, left to rely entirely on its own gumption, flutters doubtfully, like a little blind bird, above the breakfast things. At last, guided by some subtle sense of its own, it lights upon and helps him to sugar and milk ; and he, marvelling much, draws his cup towards him. 'Ob, Dick I' (in a tone of surprised indignation) ' you know Jessie-Jessie Craig?' ' Oh that ! Is she going to stop ?' Dick "has recollections of a shy, gawky girl, a member ofthat unblessed body of, comparatively useless, individuals upon which the average man bestows contemp tuously the bitter epithet of ' my wife's relations'-a stupid-girl from whom he and Daisy, in their sweethearting days, seemed never able to escape, who never understood when she was not wanted (which was frequently), or, if she did understand, nevet knew how to act. He does not look forward to her threatened visit with any very pleasurable anticipa tions. ' I'll telegraph and put her off, if you object to her coming, Dick,' says his wife, laying down the letter, and speak ing in a voice as near that of anger as the sweet, firm mouth can form. 'I thought you liked Jessie ?' «Oh, yes, I like her well enough,' re plies Dick, recollectml of many hypo critical overtures of friendship made to that young lady at a period when it was his policy to ingratiate himself with every one who could whisper a word or a bark or a chirp for or against him into Daisy's ear. " Let her come by all means. I was merely wondering what we should do with her.' ' Don't talk about the poor girl as if she were a new piece of furniture. 'Oh, Dick, you are so silly this morning I' and Mrs. Selwyn laughs. It is a very wonderful laugh,* Daisy Selwyn's. It is quiet and low, and yet, in theatres and places where they laugh, you can generally hear it above all .other laughs, it is a born leader of laughs. It draws forth laughs from dry old throats where they have lain hidden for years, no one, and especially not their harbourer's, suspecting even their exis tence. It musters other laughs around it, and heads them against gathering forces of sulkiness and ill- temper. At the first note of its music cross old folks turn away to smile, and demon babies, who are trying to annoy their parents by screaming themselves to death, stop to gurgle, aud become, indeed, quite re formed characters, for about ten minutes. ' Well, you know what I mean,' replies Dick, joining, in the laugh., 1 She's quite a child.* 'A-.' Daisy checks the exclama tion on her lips, and instead says : « You haven't seen Jessie since we were mar ried, have you ?' ' No, I don't think I have,' is Dick's careless answer. 'Saw enough of her before,' he adds, but not aloud. ' Do you know how long we have been married, Dick ?' Dick pushes away his plate, and looks across the table at his wife. Dick Selwyn is of that average type of Englishman who, if their real feelings were to be estimated by their own ex pression of them, might bc held to pos sess none at all. His regard for Daisy, to all outward seeming, is that of thc common or villa husband for thu lady who superintends his household : but beneath thc unpromising surface their lies hidden a deep well of tenderness for this sweet blossom from thc tree of womanhood thal he has plucked to wear upon his breast. His love for her has strengthened, not weakened, since the day it first came to him. How well he remembers that sunny afternoon 1 She is standing, dressed in her favourite white, knee-deep amid thc tall grass of the old Kentish orchard, one rounded : arm stretched out to reach a tempting apple that just, eludes her grasp. He helps her to pluck the fruit, and they cat it together, laughing. The first lew bites are very sweet, but there is a worm at the core ; so she throws it away, and it lies on the ground rotting. And this morning, as Dick looks across the breakfast table, he sees the same Daisy he saw then. The green of the orchard has given place to a yellow wallpaper, adorned with a few cheap engravings, an uncompromisingly modern looking 1 early English' sideboard, and a cheery tire, crackling beneath a ' Queen Anne' overmantel. But beyond this rearrangement of the back-ground, the picture remains unaltered. There is still the simple white frock-it is Daisy's one extravagance, the wearing of white frocks, for which her conscience never fails to prick her the moment she sits down to check the week's washing bill still the same sunny, restful face ; still the same trustful, clear grey eyes. Marriage is too often a witch's caul dron, transforming a winsome sweetheart into a crabbed wife. Sometimes, but less frequently, it is as the sword with which the mermaid pierced her heart, creating out of the soulless foam of the sea a woman. Bul Daisy has passed unchanged through the searching flames that burn upon Hymen's altar. The microscope of married life has revealed to Dick no fresh beauty, no hidden flaw in her nature : the metal was too true to be moulded or marred by the hammers of circumstances. Her question has recalled to him the sweet full days that they have shared to gether, the brightness and content that she has brought into his life, and a flood of loving words with which to answer her wells up into his heart. Not posessing, however, the mental pumping machinery necessary for raising them to his lips, he only says, smiling: ' It doesn't seem very long.' ' Three years, Dick !r He crosses and, bending over her, softly kisses the smooth brown hair. ' Do you know, Daisy, at one time, in the early days, just after we were married, I used to get quite frightened, thinking of the years before us. I used to wonder if wc should ever come to be like other married people, like the people one sees around one everywhere-always quarrel ling and bitter about one thing or another, not caring for each other any more.' 'Oh, Dick, what a dreadful thing to think I' 'Yes, wasn't it? And then, as the days went by, and .we. -seemed to grow closer and closer to one another, and you got to be more and more to me, then I used to get frightened for myself. I used to wonder if you would ever be dis appointed with me-find out that I was not quite all that you had thought me.' 'But how could I, Dick? I knew you so well.' ' Are you sure you did ?' A puzzled look comes into Daisy's eyes. ' Of course, you foolish fellow ? Why do you ask so seriously ?' 'Did I?' Dick laughs. "I feel serious, I suppose, when I think of any thing making you cease to care for me.' ' And how do you know that I haven't ceased to care for you, Mr. Conceited ?' answers Daisy saucily. ' Well, you hadn't last week,' retorts Dick, pinching her ear. ' Vou slated quite unsolicited, too-that I was a " dear, dear fellow"-two " dears"-and that you did love me, so much, with a strong accent on the " so." ' ' Oh, Dick ! when did I say that ?' Daisy seems somewhat sceptical. Such emphatic expositions of emotion are not customary with her. In those hushed aisles, sacred to senti ment, where men do not care to speak what they think, women, more devout, deem it almost sacrilege to think what they feel, When Dick, leaning against the pigstye wall-of all places in the world for a proposal-had suddenly felt himself compelled, he knew not why, to abruptly interrupt a discussion on the culture of tomatoes with the utterly in consequent inquiry : ' Daily, will you be my wife ?' Daisy, keeping her eyes fixed the while on an elderly porker who, clearly regarding himself as Dick's rival, sat encouraging her with an affectionate leer, had, after a pause, simply answered : ' Yes, Dick ;' and had then laughed at him for his choice of time and place ; and when Dick, her other admirer, having been left to muse upon the misundcr standablencss of womankind, and to smother his disappointment in potato peelings, had, stopping with his hand upon thc garden door and endeavouring to assume the tone of a man eager for information, asked what he then knew to be the totally unnecessary question : ' Do you love me, Daisy ?' she had answered as before : ' Yes, Dick.' And now, after three years of blame less married life, she stands accused ol having voluntarily and shamelessly avowed her love for him, and thal with an'amount of compressed gush she should not have considered herself capable of. She naturally looks for an explanation. ' Oh, you hadn't all your senses about you when you said it, I grant you,' ac knowledges Dick, laughing. ' It was the night you went to bed early with a head ache ; and when I came in, you were talking in your sleep. I think yon must have been arguing with somebody about it, because you were so very emphatic You said : " Yes, yes, I do ! He is a dear, dear fellow, and I do love him-so much '" At least, I took it that the statement had reference to me.' ' Yes, 1 suppose il must have,' replies Daisy, ruefully. ' Oh, dear ! 1 thought I'd got over all that.' Daisy icfers not to her love foi Dick, as might seem to be implied, but to the habit of talking in her sleep. Years ago a great trouble of sickness had come upon tlic old red-brick house in Kent ; and for long weeks Daisy had been nurse and mother and housewife in one. The evil was deleatcd at length, but before spreading its wings to fly it revenged itself for her victory over it by striking her down with a long, low fever of weak ness. Energetic Doctor Youth, and quiet, wise old Nurse Nature, hampered a little by the family physician, had soon brought her back to health ; but this one charac teristic of the illness-this sleep-talking tendency-had lingered with her some what obstinately. The overtired brain, when freed from the controlling influence of the will, seemed not to possess the strength to keep its own counsel. In the first two or three years after her convalescence, poor Daisy could have had no secret from the little sister who was her bedfellow ; and, indeed, had that young lady been so minded, she could have relieved Dick of all anxiety as to his fate at a suprisingly early stage of his courtship. During thc peaceful, untroubled month of her married life, however, the weakness had recurred but rarely, and she was hoping she had conquered it altogether. It is an alarming reflection to the most open of us that, at any moment, we may let it be known what we really think, and Daisy is worried. ' Do I often go on like that ?' she asks. ' Not nearly 'often enough for mc,' laughs Dick ; and then, seeing her evi dent trouble, ' No, no,' he adds, ' not once in a blue moon, now. You had a headache that night, you know.' 'Or perhaps I was suffering from nightmare,' suggests Daisy. 'I must have been very bad indeed to talk like that.' ' Then I shall insist on your always eating hot pork chops for supper,' replies Dick. ' I like to hear you talk like that.' The gilt clock on the Queen Anne over mantel strikes nine, and Dick starts, like the well-regulated ghost does at cockcrow, and prepares to depart to a less pleasant place. In Dick's oise this undesirable region is the City-the great alchemistic workshop into which middle class Ambition takes its youth and hope, its heart and brain and life-blood, seeking to melt them into gold. ' You won't be going out at all this evening, Dick ?' asks Daisy,' as, in thc narrow passage, under the little stained glass gas-lamp, she stands carefully burn ishing the high black helmet, beneath which the nineteenth century knight goes forth to do battle in life's crowded lists. ' No. Why though, any particular reason ?' ' Yes. I want you to be here-to help amuse Jessie, ' you know. By-the-by, Dick, don't you think you'd better bring home one of those donkeys that you ph up against the wall, and then shut your eyes and try to put the tail on ; or some game of that sort, that we coUld play at with her ?' Mrs. Selwyn spealcs in a tone of serious consideration ; but did her husband see the dancing mischief in her eyes be would understand. Never too prone to quickness of per ception, however, and being more intent, at the moment, upon thc lighting of a cigarette than upon any other matter, he docs not understand. He argues strongly against his wife's pro posal Jessie must be a biggish girl now, and girls just at that hobbledehoy age are very much offended at being considered childern, so he explains ; and Daisy gives way, though not without evident dis appointment, and the donkey is discarded. This matter being settled, Dick pre pares to take his departure. He and Daisy, more like a pair of guilty lovers than a respectable married couple, both look round to be sure that neither of the two women servants, who with themselves constitute the entire Selwyn establish ment, is wandering about within eyeshot. True kisses brook no witnesses. Love, shrinking from the gaze of men, wraps her dark veil around her, and moves through the world unseen. Only in secrecy and silence may she be wor shipped. Rob the religion of Love of its ex plaining mystery, and it is a meaningless mummery. Drag its sweet observances, its holy rites, into the garish light, and they become mere senseless shows. The spirit of Love is no longer present to consecrate them. They are but as the loud prayers of the Pharisees-mere protestations of respectability. No one is there to see. Both the domestics, as is évident from their voices, arc below, safely out of thc way. And so, in the narrow lillie passage, behind the artistic stained-glass door, Daisy and Dick, as for the first time by thc pigstyc wall, smile at each other and kiss. 