* PROLOGUE. TKav^had placed at my disposal a ' paper of \- tomp/T^ric/ in itself, "and for the subjects of irbicbit treats.. It aroseoutcf a controversy coh> . - oernifig pcowmt dayteachingin theHebrawcom- _ I' mnnky of Brisbane; bat it is not necessary to ; into that in order to understand this paper, i ;: ":Tbe firet part of it is intended as a. reply j to . queries touching the "fall, or supposed . FALL, OF 1SEAEL " from their ancient high place in the favour of Jehovah. The.writer says, on this part of bis • general . tlicme, ■" Now, to answer you cute* goncallr, why was Israel chastened tor J ncariy '2,003 years P Simply boauitt they for-.' soot,' and sinned against their God, were idolatrous, unrighteous, and addicted to im morality. The dispersion was a work of | Providence, and wns to piovc a blessing. . The continuance of the Judean race was thus i assured. . The inefficacy of the offerings of ; sheep and bulls was distinctly pointed cut by i Samuel in these,memorable words, 'Behold to obey, is better than sacrifice; and to hearken, fkary the fat of rama.' Besides which the j whole dictum of the law of .sacrifice is most \- positive in stating that repentance is the pri mary element preceding forgiveness. Now, is ; • it reasonable to suppose or icarihlc to believ© i that the blood of n human being would j be acceptable ? * For .Jesus was assuredly a pious Jew, whatever else he may have ; ' been.1 ^Ycro ho a god, was. it not j -the grossest paganism and lowest Tetishifimr** • Personally, I should give a different account of j • the events.. The Hebrew people were ; adopted to work out certain great problems. They did work them out; but instead of being. • when they had done so, ready for farther ad Tanced work, ihoy accepted the moans for the . end, and because thereby unwilling and un equal to do that further and higher work. "We j . arc nest treated to an essay like sketch on TYPOLOGY. • This is not a very expressive word; ft is too comprehensive to he expressive. ' As -used' here it is intended to be ; applied'to Jesus Christ. The. author says: "You say he was a Type {now typology is of | • Terr recent a date, and was quite unknown to ; the ancient Hebrews or to the later Israelites), slain in the very building up of the world, &c.; • Yon surely do not mean in the geological struc : tore of the earth, and I fail to sec how I am to apply this ideality either biologically or ethno logicaliy. . Nor can I find, or you prove, that. ] either Hoses, David, or Isaiah fcvor declared Him.' If you are thinking of the v53rd shapter'of Isaiah, sorely you arc leaning upon a broken reed; if on the 11th, has the prophecy ! been fulfilled? and if on the 9tb, • where j and when has been the peace since "His advent? Have "you read history fro m the first to the nineteenth century, and in which era has ' peace flourished ? or rather, in which cen tury has thero not been rivers of blood j • shed, atrocities perpetrated, women mid children massacred, inhumanity and vice rampant?. - Millions of broken hearts and tragic fates have not yet ato:icd for His death j nor satisfied His worshipper*. If yon refer me : • to the 7th chapter the merest tyro in Hebrew ' will tell you that the word * virgin* has been : substituted in the English version to meet the views of the Cbristo-phiUsts, as also the various , headings found in the chapters of the Old Testament.'* . After this the subject of the j oneness of God is spoken of. but only in a desultory way, in a way which shows, I think, \- that the writer has not ior iiimselt very j > thoroughly grappled with the history of this j subject as it is set out in the Old Testament. • It is more to the purpose to read the author's ! outlmoof THE INCARNATION, • as understood from the side of Hebrew theo -logians. He says, " You tell me He creates a | body for Himself in the womb of a virgin. I \- am asked to believe that the great Jehovah, the Infinite who called the world into existence, ' shotfld after the lapse of millions of ages on v• womb Himself, and have coition with a woman! . and that woman betrothed, if not actually mamed—because In thoae days there was no I . ceremony of marriage as obtains to-day, and a betrothal was tantamount, nay, waa itself the ; marriage according to Jewish custom. The J eminent Christian writer of the 'Broad Church' says in this behalf, 'Do you believe I • that the great God Almighty, Creator I of the ' ends of the earth, the High -and /Hoiy One that inbabitoth eternity, • came dawn and was born of a woman i .2,000 years ago, that he walked about Galilee, \- that no notice was taken of him for 30 years, . that he then got into difficulties with the local . .police.at Jerusalem; that the Roman soldiers caught none other than the great God Al xaighty himself, beat him cruelly with rods, spat upon him, and at. last crucified him • on. Calvary. Do yon believe this?" " Another | writer eaya: " The concept of God in the articles of religion is a being—body without parts and without passion." The author appears not to notice that his argu- • ments, if thoy are arguments, go to. the extent | of overturning the entire fabric of the super natural ; and-that, bo as a Hebrew, could never i intend. • He mast either deny the supernatural ] or admit thatthese arguments are nofanifijieat to overturn the docfrinoff relating- to Christology .on its 8QpernataraI udo. Ho then approaches the subject of • ! ^ THE TRINITY. . ! He says: " The doctrine of the Trinity-was not propounded until many oenturiasjafter the; death of Jesus; the early new: diurch. -was » duality. The Creator-of ,lho World; atvd the .Logo*, afterwards crystallised into tho dogma of the Holy Ghost, and tlie fathers of the church were obliged to take' refuge in nil sorts of allegorical interpretations "bring about the change. Jesus made uo claim either in thought or in. word to other thau ..human, nature and power, and therefore was not in my opinion, either n blasphemer or a hypocrite. He is pourtrayed by Fourgee, the eminent American * judged iu this wise: 'Fauoy a sweaty Jewish carpenter in a dirty Jewish gaberdine with dirty nails aud enveloped in chips, and who up to the age of30*vas working ft thisfa tiler's bench.' This portraiture is hardly in unison with your im passioned vision of a P&xchal; lamb, and as I and other Jewish people, as well as thousands of truth-loring Christians cannot accept tho dogma of the divinity of Jesus, his status is no higher in our opinion' thau an ordinary but enthusiastic reformer.. Huxley forcibly says: 'Tell mo first what Jesus can be proved to have been, said, and done, and X will tell you whether I believe him, or in him, or not.' ■ Another writer has said: 'It is the glory of Judaism to hare given the moral law a first place, and it is the Jew who will win tho day; to him belougs tho- future.' " These remark*, trenchant as they are, disclose the error which is so promiucnt in all Christian theology; tout is the error of always insisting, upandefiaing and knowmg God as a personality, instead of tiying to realise him as ho lias repre sented himself; that is as a presence rather than as a personality, to be conceived and re presented. And further, if these arguments disprove the Trinity, a* rightly understood, they must also disprove the personality of Jehovah, for which the author would stoutly contend. The deep°r our study of these pro foundly philosophic theniM, the clearer it will appear to the devout student that he ought to study the earliest of writings here upon; and not either Hebrew rubbi, or Christian father; at least, he should not study , then) as authorities. ] 