A SLENDElW CLUE; Or, THE MYSTERY OF MARDI.GRAZ. A DETECTIVE STORY. [BY LAWRENCE L. LYNCH.] (Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER XXYVII.--(Cntinued.) 'I-excuse me,' he drawled, and voice and accent were so changed that Susan was startled and could hardly believe her ears. I-I didn't think what I was doing; I was a-preoccu pied. I think the old gentleman has been calling, madam.' Susan crossed the room and turned up the wick of the lamp burning dimly up'n the kitchen dresser, and then caught a big time-worn Boston rocker by the back and propelled it forcibly toward the stove, turning as she placed it beside the hearth, so that, for a moment, she gave Stanhope the full benefit of her glance. ' I guess you'd better go and see to him,' she said tartly; 'he seems -to think you're about right. I've got .to look after this drowned rat first thing I do.' Stanhope put down the lantern hastily, making two or three awk ward and unnecessary movements in so doing, after the manner of a well-disposed but undecided person who finds himself in an unexpected position. 'Certataly,' he stammered, ' with pleasure-I mean, of course, any thing that I can do, you know,' and he backed himself into the doorway, and so made an awkward exit. ' Sitdown there,' said Susan, briskly, letting go of the chair, and making an attack upon the stove. 'I'll have a good fire in a minute, and get you soiune dry clothes.' Larsen sank into the chair, but kept his eyes turned toward the door, while he asked: ' Who's that-fellow ?' Susan gave the fire a parting poke, and went to the dresser and took down the lamp, flashing its light across his face as she carried it to the kitchen table and set it down. 'My,' she said, 'how ghastly you do look-as if you'd seen a ghost, or had a turn. Well, lightning never strikes twice in the same place,. they say, so 'tain't noways likely you'll ever be killed by lightning now.' And then she added mentally, as a sop to her inner consciousness, 'i~More than likely you'll live to be hung, though!' Then again aloud: 'Who's that fellow? Why, he's a sort of half-breed, I guess; lives over at Coopertown or somewhere about there-I most forget the place. He's heard about Bertha, and he's got a hankerin' to play detective; says he's a. law student, but thinks he's got a 'kind of talent for detective work. It's my opinion if he can't git around any livelier'n he did when he lit this lantern, he won't hurt nobody with his talent.' She was talking to gain time, for she felt sure that Stanhope wished her to remain with Larsen until he could relieve her, and she now began to fumble with the lantern. 'Drat the fellow!' she muttered; Swhatever has he done to it ?' Then, seeming to succeed at last, she opened it, and blew out the light, turning, as she shut down the globe with a snap, and looking toward the door, through which Stanhope had gone. She had purposely seated Larsen with his back toward it. 'He seems to a sort of got on the right side of John,' went on Susan,.in a tone of disapproval. 'He's offered to " work up the case," whatever he moans by that, for nothing--just for 'practice. It's my opinion it'll take a good deal of practice before he'll find Bertha Warham, though I don't believe in such proceedings. Got a real bony fided detective-that's what I say.' Here' she paused behind Larsen's chair, and cast an inquiring look at Stanhope, who, for several moments, had stood in the shadow of the door. It was in obedience to a gesture fronm him that she next spoke. ' Oh, here he comes,' a little under her breath; then louder, as if to reassert herself : 'Well, young man, what was the trouble ?' Stanhope crossed the room and stood over ithe stove, rubbing his palms softly together. 'Oh!' he said, slowly, 'only. a;-a little restless, that's all; I think he's getting feverish, Miss- a-Miss-' 'Miss Harkins,' said Susan, em phatically. ' Well, I'll give him his medicine in a minute. I've got to find some dry clothes first.' She took a second lamp from a shelf in the chimney-corner, and while she.lighted it, Stanhope looked down upon the man cowering in the Boston rocker, and asked suavely: 'How do you feel now, Mr.-a-' ' Mr. L:arsen,' broke inSusan. 'Joe; this young man says his name is Brown, and maybe it is; you needn't believe it if you don't want to, though.' And with this master-stroke she caught'up the lamp and left the room. The improbable Mr. Brdrn laughed softly, as if more at his ease in her absence, and, thrusting his hands deep into his trousers' pockets, he raised himself upon his tiptoes, and then slowlj'r let himself down again, jingling some keys the while. 'The old lady don't seem to take a liking to me,' he said con fidentially. 'There seems to be a good deal of snap about her,' and he laughed broadly, andbeamed upon Larson, as if perfectly willing to let him into the joke. But Larsen was in no mood for humour; he was making a desperate effort to pull himself together, and he had in part succeeded, before he said:. ' She's sharp enough, if you mean that; and she don't like me either. She's an old cat ! ' He shivered in his wet clothing, and bent his eyes glaringly upon the fireo. 'Let me help you off with that coat, Mr.-" a-Mr.' 'Larsen.' ' Mr.-a-Larson. Larsen, why why, you're the Mr. Larsen who excuse me. I-I'm very glad to meet you-the fact is I-' 'Yes, I know !' Larsen arose and began tugging at a wet sleeve. ' You're a-detective ?' 'No, sir-no-not qnite that,' tak ing hold of the coat and drawing it off his shoulder. 'Not quite that; not that I wouldn't like to be-a good detective, you know. I'm just an amateur, sir; but I do flatter myself that I haye some little ability, some little. This sort of thing is very fasci nating to me, Mr. Larsen, and I have a theory that a thing that attracts you and fascinates you is the thing to take to.' ' If you can get your hands on it,' said Lirsen, grimly, shrugging him self out of the wet coat. ' Exactly !' said the amateur detec tive, quite cheerfully; ' exactly so, sir ' Larsen favoured him with a scowl from under his black brows, and be gan to tug at his wet boots. He was still working with the second boot when Susan re-entered with an armful of clothing. ' Now, Joe,' she said briskly, 'just you step in here, and get into these dry things. It's been open all day, and you won't get chilled. The room indicated was a small one opening off the kitchen, having but one window, and no door, except that which opened kitchenward. It had been originally intended for a pantry or store-room; but Susan, who hadno fancy for sharing the family sitting room and the society of Mrs. John Warham, had appropriated it to her own use, as being 'big enough for one," and overlooking her domain the kitchen. She had her sewing machine there, and there read her weekly paper on such Sunday after noons as she did not spend in visiting some of her country neighbours, or being visited by them. Susan threw open the door of her sanctum, carried the clothing within, returned for the lamp, which she had put down in order to open the door, and when she had placed that upon a small table, called out: 'Come, Joe, you want to move quick, or else you'll get a chill.' She stepped outside then, and, when Larsen had passed within, drew the door tight shut, and looked across the room at Stanhope, who was taking from his pocket a small note-kook and pencil. * From the book he drew a card, and, standing where his movement dould not be too quickly seen were the door of the sanctum to open suddenly, he wrote a few words in bold, black characters; then he held up the card, and laid it on the table with a noisd less gesture. She understood him, crossed the room swiftly, took up the card, and went out to read it by the light of a candle burning upon a table near the open door of John W~irham's bedroom. The card contained these words: ' Manage that I shall sit up the rest of the night. Say you are worn out, and that MLr. W needs a watcher. Don't let Larsen go near him.' WVhen Larsen came out from the sanctum his step was firmer, and his manner quite collected. A desperate calm seemed to have settled upon his face, but his eyes smouldered in their dark caverns, and a dumb-devil had perched upon his tongue. Ho came to the fire and seated him self in the rocker, leaning forward with his elbows upon his knees, and taking up the,poker from the hearth to shift it idly from hand to hand, while he looked keenly across the stove at Stanhope, who stood beside it, hands inpockets, and tilting him self up and down from toe to heel, as at first. He seemed struggling to keep himself awake, and finally drew forth his right hand, to press it against his mouth as if to stifle a yawn; He made no attempt at conversa tion, and Susan found them thus when, in a few moments, she came quietly in. 'I can't think where on earth you've hailed from, Joe Larsen,' she said crisply, 'but I guess you won't be above eatin' a bite, if it's set before you. I ain't in no mood for askin' questions to-night, so I ain't a going to bid you give an account of yourself. I guess, maybe your coming just now's a kind a luck, though; and maybe this young man can get some ideas from you.' She was moving about the kitchen as she talked, set ting the coffee-pot on the stove, and putttng dishes and glasses upon the kitchen table. Suddenly she stopped before Stanhope, and seemed to hesi tate. 'Young man,' she said, at last, 'you offered your services free enough a while ago; I hoped I wouldn't need them. But I am tireder than I knew. If you're really willing to set up the balance of the night, you can have my chance.' Stanhope seemed to make an amiable effort to rouse himself. ' Cor tainly,' he said, 'by all means. I'm not a bad nurse either, Miss Har kins.' . ' Well,.there won't be much nursing needed; you can set here in the kit chen, if you want to-I'll set out enough lunch for two, and. you can kind o' rouse him up, and give hini his medicine every two hours; but mind you don't let him talk, or try to talk to him. The doctor won't have it. Joe, you must not go near him yet-mind, it won't do to excite him.' She resumed her work of putting food upon the kitchen table, going to and from pantry to table swiftly and noiselessly. When all was done, she approached the hearth, and said to Larsen : ' I have put this young man into the corner room, Joe; and so you'll have to take M~rs. Warham's for to-night -the others ain't in order.' Larsen had ceased to trifle with the poker, and was sitting with his head in his two hands when she ad dressed him. He started and uttered a sharp exclamation, lifted his head, and dropped it again upon his hand. ' I don't want to sleep,' he said, with his face thus concealed. 'I-I haven't got over that shock. I'll stay here.' 'Well, you can do as you like,' said Susan. 'The room's ready, and a candle in it.' She turned toward Stanhope, gave him some brief direc tions about the medicine, and then went her way, leaving the two men, hunter and hunted, face to face, at midnight, in her cheery kitchen. OCHAPTER XXVIII. SKILL vnERSUS aUScLE. When Susan had gone, Stanhope drew a chair up to the stove and seated himself. It was an old fashioned, splint- bottomed chair, with high, straight back and broad arms one of the few relics rescued by Susan from the hands of the innovators. It was comfortable enough for a healthy young person with naturally erect spinal column, and the young man who called himself Brown leaned his head against its back, rested his hands and elbows upon its arms, and looked through half-closed eyes at his sis-a-8is. For some time Larsen sat with his face hidden in his hands, then he arose, and with6ut Once glancing at Stanhope, t6ok the c6ffee-pot from the stove, and going to the table, poured for himself a brimming cup, strong and black. Then, like a man who has just discovered an appetite, he seated himself and began to eat rapidly, ravenously. He ate so long and so much, that Stanhope grew interested in watching his performance, and he drank three cups of the black coffee, stronig and hot, and undiluted with cream or sugar. When he had finished, he brushed some crumbs from his knees, ran his long, brown hand across his Smooth, heavy jaw, and arose and stood before Stanhope with his back to the fire. 'Well, I've made a meal, he said, finally. 'Yes. I have observed it.' 'You have,' grimly; 'what do you thinli of my appetite ?' ' Very good, Ishould say, for a man of your size.' 'Mysize! Yes,' stretching himself to his full height and reaching out his brawny arms, too long for the sleeves that did not adorn them; 'what do you think of my size, anyhow ?' 'Very good, I should say.' Stan hope seemed to be struggling with a yawn. 'Quite well- grown, in fact." Larsen let his arms drop to his sides, and stood for some moments glowering down at him. ' Get up,' he said finally. 'Let's look at you.' Stanhope lifted one knee gently, and gently crossed it over the other. ' Excuse me, please,' he said serenely. 'I shouldn't show to ad vantage. You're a bigger man than I am.' Then he lowered the knee again with deliberation, as though the exercise required extreme care. ' Upon consideration," he said, 'I' think I will get up,' and he arose slowly and stood directly before Larsen. For a moment neither spoke, then Stanhope said quietly: 'It's surprising how much one can see at a glance-in a flash, in fact. Now, when I first saw you coming from the woods toward the house, I realisad your bigness-took it all in at one wink, as it were; and when I saw you raise your arms, very much as you did just now, only, perhaps, with more energy, and, well, say abandon-all this by a second flash-I realised your big ness yet more. When I saw you fall' -his eyes seemed taking in Lar sen's whole face, and the change in his tone struck upon the senses of the other as if he had shut his hand upon a kitten's fur and found it suddenly turned to stinging nettles in his grasp -'when I.saw you fall, I realised your. weakness.' 'What do you mean?' gasped Larsen, with a fierce oath. 'I was stunned by the lightning.' 'Oh, no, you were not-not by that stroke; the lightning that struck you was inside you, my friend.' Larsen was pallid with rage, his eyes were blazing. 'What do you mean?' he hissed. 'I advise you to watch that tongue of yours, sir.' (To ~i continued.j 