TIME-PAYMENT SYSTEM. THE day has arrived when legislation is required to cope with the practice now so universal, and known too well by the name of the Time-Payment System. At present it is the simplest matter for a person with, say, £50, and ofttimcs the tenth of this sum, to purchase goods to the value of nearly five times the amount of so-called capital in hand. By diplomacy and a good deal of show on the part of tbe purchaser, several tradesmen arc visited, and by clever manipulation and palaver a van load of goods, in almost each instance, is forwarded in exchange for which a few pounds are paid down, and documents, all in favour of the seller, and hiring a ruinous rate of interest, are signed for the balance in "easy" pay- tncnts. Tbo principle, fcadfls it .is in every sense, if it ended tare would in its ill effect? be minimized, but the first Btnp is the precnrsor' of ruin to man; other, honest tradespeople who, gulled by. tlia iho'wy.' Juraiture or substantial machinery, as the cuse may be, take for granted/that these individuals are in a fairly good position, and are prepared to deal with thoni on ordinary business; lines Jaccotdingly. These tradespeople know nothing of the time-payment ghost that lives in their new customer's cupboard, and which at any moment may7 for the slightest non-fulfilment of the conditions, carry off the substance in its sliodowy toils. The consequences arc apparent. The time-payment trader walks in and clears away his goods on which the deposit and many payments have been received, and these sums, with the goods, are confiscated, the latter to he sold at another profit with probable seizure. In due course the legitimate tradesman calls for payment, and 3nds to his amazement that the goods or machines have been cleared^ and thore is not sixpennyworth of value loft to satisfy his claim. The only cure for this pernicious system of conducting business on paper is for the presont Government to draft a short bill compelling all purchasers over tho amount of £25 to register their dealings in precisely the same manner as is required n the public registration of an ordinary bill of sale. The manner in which business is built up one day on the timepayment octopus, and " sucked in" the next, is not only demoralising in all its bearings, but disastrous and inimical to the': best and lasting interests of the community. It is to be hoped that the present Government will move in this platter, and at once place the present business gambling on a fair and legitimate basis. That old established educational establishment (35 years), so ably conducted by the Misses Haynes and Larkins, kuown da the North Melbourne Ladies College, passed under different management at Xmas, the Rev. Ileber T. and Mrs. Trantnar being the new principals. Both Mr. and Mrs. Tramnar hold high credentials as teachers of youtb, Bnd have both Euglieh and Colonial experience. Mr. Ti'anmar has' been very successful with delicate and backward boys, all of whose parents are on his list of refereeB. The principals are assisted by a thoroughly efficient staff, and are able to devote considerably niore attention to tbe pupils than iB possible under the public school system. NeelleBS to say tbat in a school with an Anglican clergyman at its head, the study of the Holy Scriptures is a daily tiling, and the day's duties are commenced by prayer. The school curriculum includes the Greek, Latin, French, and German languoces, English in all its branchop, Mathematics' and Natural Science. Music, Singing, Drawing, Painting, and Dancing, while there are classes for Shorthand and Typewriting. Under the new regime the establishment is known as the North Melbourne High Sshool; for Mr. Tranmar is taking a limited number of boys. Under the present able and vigorous management, tlie school should achieve every SUCCUBS. DntieB will be resumed on April 10th, in S. Mary's School, Howard and Chetwynd Streets. . An interesting article from tbe pen of Mr. C. McMaster will appear in our columns next week, entitled " A Trip to New Zealand." As our young townBtnan iB of tho observant class, bis contribution will be read with interest. Mr. liae Nicholson also generouvly oonsents to send In a virid description of tbe trip lo Portarlington to day—Good Friday. One of the featiireB that struck ProfesBor. Rentoul, during his recent trip .through the.StatBB,,WBS .the great loyalty of Uio Amoricon pooply for the Btars and stripes. At the Columbus celebration each procession had no other "bunting," and the enthusiasm with which it was displayed' testified to the unification of the national spirit. It will be interesting to ratepayers in the Town of North Melbourne to know that the expenditure for current year will be £1080 8s. less than formerly on the three following items:—Salaries, £210 8i.; Contract for nisht workB, £1050; Contract for scavenging, £420; total, £1680 8)., BO that the amount will more than giver the deficicncy in connection with receipts from rates, &c.; On Monday last a good audience asr sembled at tbe North Melbourne Town 'Hall to wltneBS the production, by the Belmont Dramatic Company, of Dion Boucicault's drams, " Arrah-na-Pogue." The performance was a very creditsblo one; tbe leading parts were well sustained and the staging good. lo those in need of a plentiful supply of the beat burning wood for the coming winter season, the new advertisement in' our columns, from the well-known wood king of Victoria, Mr. Geo. Stnckey, must commend itself. In a very few lines he concentrates exactly what he can do, and liiB scale by weight and measurement muBt commend itself to all who desire to be careful and thrifty during the approaching winter. Last Wednesday night an elderly man named Joseph Lyons, 60 years of age, and .who was at one time a tailor residing at 205Queensberry Street, North Melbourne, died anddenly. It appears ho retired about JJO o'clock, but' complainod about an hour afterwards of pains In tbB chest. IliB wiferose and wept out 1p bring in a doctor, but on her retain found her husband dead. Oonstable Loorfrau), who had the caec in hand,.baa informed up that no inquest will be held. Cr. Barwiee draw attention to the diegraceful state of Flemmgton Boad, at the Oonncil meeting last Monday evening, ond had the- satisfaction of hearing a irotion passed authorising the Surveyor to see to its being repaired, the sum of £10 being •passed as a preliminary. It is certainly to be rogrctted that a main road such as the one mentioned should have over been allowed to get into au h a condition, and where at' one time a very few pounds would have made a material difference a good round sum will now bs required before it can bold ita own with even a bad bush track away in the interior of tho worst Gippsland country. -Cr, Cowan intends to submit a scheme for retrenchment to the Essendon Council at its ne;jt meeting, fliis, it ia understood, will inclqde an all-rounii fedtyction in tha offiuers' salaries pithoj)t any of them, if possible, being discharged. Some councillors, however, consider that the work could be juBt an well carried on with a smaller staff. In all probability the scheme proposed by Cr. Cowan will be adopted. The orders issued from headquarters for tbe Easter holidays for tho First Regiment Militia is ep follows :— On Friday, muster at Spencer Street Railway Station at 11,45 a.m., for J2 o'clock train to Williamstown, for (battle firing ; Saturday, niueter at 10a,m., at the Haymarket, to march out to Broadmeadow«, for outpoBt duty; Sunday morning, church parade at tbe Independent^Cbnrch, Collins Street; Sunday afternoon, march out with tbe second regiment ; and Monday, general review at Albert Park, Attention is drawn in our advertising columns from Mr. C. PetetB, district president of tho various Druid lodges in the No. 15 district, requesting tbem to assemble at the Court HouBe Hotel, in order to take part in the procession on Eaater Monday morning. The lodges include : Mona, Carodoc, Crescent,Concordia, Australia Felix, and Elliott. The EiBsndon Council, as a step towards retrenchment, have abolished the system of cleansing the streets by day labour, and in future the work will be dooe by contract, Some councillors considered it very bard on the day labourers, many of whom had been in the service of the Conncil for yeaw, bnt the majority agreed tbat the step'was inevitable in the interests of tbe town, and consequently it was adapted. The Rev. Profeasor A. GjBman gavo a lecture entitled ",The British Empire," in the New Hall, Nowimrkot, on tho 23rd inat., on behalf of the'imperial Federation League There was agood aUondonoej and; the lecture, which was woll delivered;'ana? moat interesting and inetruotivej through^ out, was most attentively listehedr-'to by, tho audience, who, at its conclji«ion,Hteny dercd tho leoturer a hearty and ^naAimoAS; •vote of tliBDks. Ths locturei^a_srnnderj. 'thentiBpiccB of the Flemingtonand:;KenV2 sington branch of the Australian Natives' Association. It is to be hoped that definite Btops will at onoe be taken by tlio Flemington Bowling Club to engage a curator for the reserve. The committee iB apparently " boas of the chow," and now tbat the Council has decided not to move in tho matter, the club, for-the.aakojj.f,it8 SB-,. putation, is bound to take at any rate reasonable care of tho ground. To BOO the grass overgrown with weeds is cortainly not at all creditable either to the Council or Bowling Club, and as they are at loggerheads, porhaps the boat thing the ratepoyers oould do would"bo'to's'tdp'in and ro-tako possession of She iwliole coDcorb.' What the residents,. who so generoualy subscribed some £70 towards improving the green, think of the matter it iB easy to imagine; indeed we know many who are thoroughly disgusted. The great mistake was in getting rid ,of a good curator who knew liis busineaB and made the ground a credit to the district, thrrugb the eako of saving a few shillings to lose more pounds. A sad and fatal accident happened to a boy, aged seven years, named Thomas Hanrahan, living with his parents at No. 3 Little Howard Street, North Melbourne, last Wednesday evening. It was; ascertained that the lad was clinging bebind >a lorry, which was.followed by ajnilk cart, and in jumping off ihotforiier~wHen told : to by the driver, ran right under the legs of the horse in the cart whicb was driven by a young roan named Patrick Murkey, employed by Mr. J. Kerr, of Pureell Street. Immediately after the accideut occurred, Murkey alighted and lifting the apparently lifeless form into the cart, hurried off to the hospital, but the little eufferer died two minutes after being admitted. Mr. W. T. Simpson, of Victoria Street, who hai been Grand Treasurer of the Druid Order for the past20 years, reminds us that he has for sale tickets for the DruidB 1 Gala, to be held .in the ^Friendly; Societies' Gardens onEaster Monday; April 3rd, and ho desires us to intimate'tha'ttbis yesr tbe whole of the net:proceeds;wiII1)e given to tbe Melbourne iHoBpital. jAlfred Hospital, Homoeopathic Hospital,Women's Hospital, Eye and Ear Hospital;-Deaf and- Dumb Institute, Blind Asylum, two orphanages, Little Sisters of the Poor, Ladies' Benevolent Society, Jew.ialf Pfiilanthropic Society, and Try Excelsior Society, and in order that every possible penny will reach theso institutions the committee numbering Borne 90 members appointed by the variouB lodges are giving their services gratuitously. In addition to the charities named the committee have decided thot the hospitals in the eountty. and intercolonial towns will participate in the profits in proportion to the number of tickets sold by them, the Melbourne chnraties named taking their proportionate share of tickets sold in Melbourne and auburbs. Under the circumstances we should feel justified in predicting the Druids' Gala, at the Friendly Societies' Gardens, on Eaater Monday next, as the most brilliant and successful aiTair of the kind yet witnessed in Victoria. The unfortumte death of Constable Slattery was referred to at the Flemington Court on Tuesday, by the chairman, who handed n letter of condolence from the PoliccDepartment lo Sergeant O'Me'ara foe presentation to tbe widow of the deceased; The Bench expressed profound rrgtct at the untimely and lamentable end of BO promising a.young oonstable, and requested the Sergoant to convey their sympathy to Mrs, Slattery. Our Alfred has now been immortalised. The Nnrth-Eastern portion of the Echuca Shire has at the urgent request of the rate payers, been formed into a separato muni cipality, and henceforth will be known as Ueakin Shiro, out of compliment to Mr. DoakiD. His constituents at EBaendon aud Fiemingtin will surely become jealous. A dastardly act was perpetrated late last Sunday evening or early on Monday morning, when two plate glass windows, the property of Mr. G. Hey ward, chemist Victoria Street, were deliberately broken with what is supposed to bo a bullet from a pea-rifle. The proprietor was absent at the time the damage was committed, so that (he delinquent escaped. The estimated damage is £25, which iB covered by insurance in the Plate Glass Insurance Company, Collins Street. The police are endeavouring to discover the guilty person or personB, and richly will punishment be deserved for such a wanton deed. We have received from tbe local registrar, Mr. H. J. Randall, copies of the electoral rolls for the Legislative Assembly, including Flemington Road and Royal Park Divisions. The numbers aro as follow—Batepaying electors, 1,962 in the former, and 404 In the latter ; general roll cmitaios: in tbe Flemington Boad Division 655, and in the Royal Park 157. 