IHEIi AD THEIEM, o- ,B BY rTie MaeN ACor Town e_ It's a terrible thing sometimes to be a re 1e presentative of royalty. The Viceroy of er Ireland has many consolations. He can re kiss the youthful debutantes at his court, and r. if some be a trifle off color in the way of s. youth, they are proportionately grateful. A Even the Viceroy of India can get away to the Hills, and the diversions it of Simla are of an exciting, not to say spicy, order. But out in Australia a Governor has sometimes a sultry time of it. SHe hss generally a large stock of orders on hand for openingbuildings, bazaars, etc. He is is expected to say something new about it anything at the shortest notice, and to ,f be widely interested in everything from ;o ensilage to calisthenics or esoteric Baddhism. d noe has frequently to travel long distances d with members of Parliament ! He has a e larger visiting book than any other citizen, 'r sand, consequently, is more frequently bored. s yet the unkindest cut of all must be when 0 he has to read what it costs to entertain d "Please ask the Governor to come to our show," wrote a Nor:rh-Western tI Show Secretary the other day to the r localmember. With his usualcourtesy, the e Governor was willing to go. "Is it good e enough'" wired back the cautious member, o and then it was found that it would cost some thirty pounds to give the visitor a suitable reception. On this followed discussion, and it was finally decided that, in the present state of affairs, it "wasn t good enough." Of course, the show authori ties are quite right in being careful of the members' funds, but they might have left the Governor out of it until they had made up their minds. It isn't customary toask a man to dine withyou, and thenlet him know what it costs you. Here s a paragraph from a leading Lon don newspaper, the "Daily News":-"On the occasion of a recent theatre party given by the hen. W. . Zeal, President of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, the whole of the stalls and dress circle of the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, was reserved for the guests, who included some prominent members of society as well as politicians." Surely a paragraph this full of points! IRathersets the example in style for colonial writers. If Mr Zeal had been made the President of the New South Wales Legislative Councilit wouldnothavebeen .so bad. Buta Spealer usually presides in the Iouse to which the term Assembly is applied in apy l'rliamentary system. Again, it is I interesting to hear that "many prominent t members of society were present, as well as politicians." The implied distinction be c tween the former and the latter class in this remarkable paragraph suggests reflec tion of a far more ser'ous character than those provoked by its appallingly mixed geogrgaplhy. I It is interesting to notice the amount of tender solicitude manifested with regard to Sir Henry Norman's unexpected eppoint ment. Now, if anyone is likely to be com. pletely educated with regard to affairsa Indian, it vertainuly should be a man who has I spent the greatest part of his life in a India in the dual capacity of soldier and f diplomatist. Yet certain aristocratic circles I1 in England and India profess to be agitated i' lest the new Viceroy should not be capable of n dealing firmly with such important questions P as may arise. Had the Glaistone Govern- t ment appointed to the undoubtedly difficult office, say, the head of one of the noble families in England, v with an experience limited to Downing street I1 and St. James', would there have been such s anxiety" I trow not. The only parallel a which occurs to me at the moment is the i: picture of a number of elderly spinsters e camtioning a successful bookmaker against 0 risking his money onthe turf, while thecallow e youth passes by to plunge on' a dead bird. R There is a powerful flavor of hypocrisy and it jealousy in the pitying, doubting ongratu- t lations tendered to the gallant old soldier I who, if his record be any criterion of his p quality, should be well qualified to deal with I the possible dangers which menace our Indian Empire. By the way, a Ruasias fi paper has expressed an opinion on this sub-. ject which ought not to be wholly over. looked. The Metropolitan Bsard of Works ought to w have painted a colored window, designed after n the idea of the familiar Pears' Soap advertise- r meat. One pane ought to represent the q' poet, philosopher, 'financier, Fitz Gibbon al stretching forth his hand to reach an inae cessible loan, and be marked with the legend " He won't be happy till he gets it;" and the second pane ought to represent thes same dear old Fitz holding up the coveted prize, "Now he's got it !" Of course, Mr w Fitz Gibbon would never consent to be d, painted naked, like the little boy in the pic- m ture, butthat could be overcome, I dare say. Everyone is glad he has got it. He deserved Y' it. His interest in the sewerage question is y so deep and real. And, by the way, it is not true, I am authorhed to say, that the 01 bard has written an epic poem, "To a 31ain b Sewer," dedicated to Councillor lI'PMahon. w There are some points about being a ghost. Ghosts go where they like, haunt whom they es please, don't pay any income-tax, are not tr worried about politics, do not hrave their fr money locked up in reconstructing banks, Jr and don't even haverows abouttheir washing bill, because the flattering robes tl:ey wear never want washing. Better still, if you are fr a bghost, you have solemn, learned people ex- CO citingthemselves inthe invesligation of you. The studyofghosts is, in fact, one of the most absorbing pursuits on the cards. Mr W. T. Stead, with his wonderfully shrewd eye for the business side of things, has erven estab lished a spooky magazine called "Border. - land," about which everything is to be ghostly, except the profits. Last of all, a ril numbe- of gentlemen in Mlelbourne, compris ing Mr Astronomer Ellery, Profeser Laurie, tb Dr Syme,Dr Strong and Professor St'Alpine, a of the Government Botanist's department, have formed the nucleus of a Melbourne Psychical Research Society,which is shortly to so bepublicly floated. Iunderstlandthatitistosit fe for the collection of evidence, li'e the Sweat ing Board (there is a haocking lot of "sBsat-v ingo where the ghosts come from!) and ghosts areto be called as witnesses. I am sure and th hope they will be suacessful. hi At present I regard so-called "familiar in spirits" as being considerably " under proof," but I have an open mind on the subject. I trust the Society will give or particular attention to Australian native be spooks, banyips, "an' sich." They have neverbeen properlp investigated by psychical I students, and there is no reason why s an Australian bunyip shouldn't be as b goodas,say,anlrishbanshee,oranoldEnglish eO family spectre. In fact, if the native article does not get justice done, I shall, with the w editor's permission, use this column for con- 00 duscting aP agitation in favor of taxing ice e, ported spirits and protecting the local article, I and for having the former stamped, as is pro. t posed to be done with Chinese furniture. So a just let Mr Ellsry and Professor Laurie look Is The evils oef the opium habit, have they not been told by thousnaands of orators and writers who-never knew what it wa. A is De Quincey is not found at every street corer, and it is not easy to imitate his " con esions." Of course, it is my plain duty to believe that bo:h tobacco and opium shorten a people's hves. Occasionaly one di ri Sindeed come across a bard case a man, for instance, hale and hearty at eighty or ninety, who has smoked and chewed tobacco from boyhood. Once, too, I recollect, when in virtual quarantine, a woman of over eighty,who had volunteered aid to the sick when younger nurses were not to be obtained, sat down with me before the fire each evening, and we mingled our re poective clouds of tobacco smoke. So far as I know, she is alive yet, and alwaye enjoys her pipe. But what of a case just reported by Mr E. If. Parker, who has been writing to the Eng lish papers about themines in Burmah. Mr Parker says:-" Atthe second mine there is an old Chinese patriarch ; he is 75 years of age, andhas been 40 years in the country, smoking opium steadily all the time. He keeps a drug shop, and seems to be very much respected in the neighborhood." No wonder. That man has earned a title to respect. One who can smoke opium steadily for 40 years might fairly be regarded as os:abliahing a record in his own particular line. Hard cases are said to make bad laws. Unquestionably the case of that ancient Celestialplays the deuce with some cherished notions. "Some queer stories are afloat in the Runnymede district," writes a correspon dent, "with reference to the Jorgensen episode. Among others, it is rumored that a newly - married lady in tends to take divorce proceedins against her husband on the ground that on one occasion when she-the wife was in ill-health he slept in the samen room as Miss Jorgensen." If the wives of all the men who may have happened to occupy the same room as Miss Jorgensen, during her career iii masquerade, elect to take the same view as the lady alluded to, there wnll be trouble. 