OUR YOUNG FOLKS' LETTER. queer «trigks of great PERSONAGES. The late Grand Duke Constantino, uncle of the Czar, had little; tricks of manner that were peculiarly his own. The .'most curious of them all was certainly bis method of 44 jumping" his eye-glass into his eye. He used to wear the glass dangling at the ena or an exceedingly; thin elastic cord, and whenever he fell into the hands of one of those prosy old bores who constitute the bugbear of Imperial and Royal personages, he would give the elastic an imperceptible twitch which would send the glass shooting upward right into its place in his eye. He merely elevated his eyebrow in the very slightest manner to receive it, leaving every other muscle of the face and body unmoved. This peculiar little manoeuvre invariably had the result of causing the person speaking to the Grand Duke to stop short in the middle of his sentence and to lose entirely the I thread of the discourse. Not having noticed the litltle twitch given to the cord, the man was unable to account for the singular way in which the glass shot up right into the Grand Duke's eve, and the cool and unconcerned manner in which His Imperial Highness received it had ordinarily the effect. Of completing the upset of his interlocutor's equanimity. Still more disconcerting was the habit of the late Prince Napoleon of yawning about thrice in the space of every five nrinutes, no matter who the person was that was talking to him at the time. Although no great observer of the ordinary conventionalities and amenities of life in other respects, the Prince made a point of always covering his mouth with his hand when he yawned. But tlio result was the same. For the yawns of the Prince had the almost invariable effect of setting the person speaking to him off yawning as well ; and as at kst every yawn of the Prince became followed by a responsive yawn on the part of his interlocutor, the conversation grew somewhat disjointed. Exasperating is the only word that could be applied to the trick of the late Crown Prince Rudolph of Austria, of biting his nails down to the very quick, whila listening tb any remarks that were addressed to him. Ho did it unconsciously, and often has been observed to put his right hand to his niouth as soon as ever be had finished speaking what he had to say. To strangers, at any rate, a trick of the Prince of Wales is somewhat disconcerting. About once in every minute and a-lialf the lid of the right, eye drops completely over the ball. The eye remains closed for the space of about a second, and then suddenly opens again to its fullest extent, no other feature of the face having moved meanwhile. People who see the Prince for the first time are tempted to believe that he is deliberately winking at them— an impression which is strengthened by the Prince's reputation of geniality towards men and gallantry towards women. Of course, however, there is no bucIi intention on the part of the Prince, and the wink is altogether in voluntary. Archduke Louis Victor, the youngest brother of "tlio Emneror of Austria, has the most irritating trick of continually snapping the fingers of his right hand while he is talking to a person, especially if he is in any way animated. I suppose that it is due to nervousness more than to anything else ; but when one sees him thus snapping his fingers with his arm extended at an angle of about 45 degrees from his body, one is apt to become sufficiently exasperated to long to give him a good slmkiEg. There is a well-known newspaper proprietor in London who has a trick of manner that i9 somewhat similar to that of the Archduke. Only instead of snapping his fingers, he devotes his superfluous energy to catching imaginary flies. No matter what his topic of conversation, or how bitterly cold the weather, he will sweep his right hand through the air, and suddenly close it, as if the fly was caught, lie will then carefully open it, of course, without finding even t.lie ghost of any insect. No disappoint ment, however, is discernible on his benignant fea tures; and a minute later ho is as actively engaged in his peculiar chase as ever. The insanity of mad King Otto of Bavaria appears to have taken the form of an illusion that he is a stork. In one of the magnificent apartments devoted to his use at the palace of Furstenreid he has laboriously constructed a gigantic nest, every stick and straw of which he has conveyed to the spot in his mouth. In that nest be squats almost the entire day with feathers stuck in his long, thick hair and beard, while he chatters in imitation of the if clappering " of a stork whenever anyone approaches. Occasionally, too, he stands on one leg gazing vacantly straight before him, while at other times he stalks gravely about just in the same manner that ho has seen the long-beaked, long-legged birds do. Both Emperor William and King Humbert have the habit of twisting'their moustaches, the difference between tlie two sovereigns consisting in the fact that whereas the Italian monarch strokes his with deliberation, the German Kaiser twists his with a brusque, quick, and jerky movement, which threatens to tear it out by tbe roots. Emperor Francis JoBeph, of Austria, leaves his moustache alone, and contents himself with Boftly stroking his snow-white whiskers. The Czar has a peculiar way of passing his right band ever the top of his head when absorbed, and it may be that his baldness is due to his having gradu ally worn the hair off in so doing. kidnapped by A bear. A little three-year-old, named Fleming, whose parents live in northern Michigan, being missed one afternoon, her parents tracked her to some bushes in the field about 40 rods from the house, at which J joint the child's tracks disappeared and those of a arge bear were found leading into the woods. The horrified father, aided by neighbours, followed up the bear, which hail carried off the child, as fast as possible ; but night set. in, and they were obliged to wait till morning, when the pursuit was recom menced. In a short time, as the pursuers were passing a swampy spot, they heard the child's voice calling aloud. They rushed forward, beard a splash in the water, and soon saw tlio child standing on a log stretching over a pond. The bear, the child said, was carrying her across the log and had jii9t jumped iDto the water and swam away. The bear had not hurt the child in the least, but had been caressing in its manner and had lain down at. night with its arms around the little one, as if to shield her from harm. The bear had just lost her cub, and seemed to wish to adopt the child in its place. tiie freshness of frozen sea water. In freezing, salt water discards most of its salt, and expanding, becomes comparatively fresh ice. The discarded salt, mixing with the water immediately beneath the ice, makes it salter, and therefore it does not freeze, although as cold as the sur face. Salts in sea-water form salt ices when the temperatnre the water is exposed to falls below 21 deg. Fahr. When the frost is not so keen the brine generally drains slowly out of the ice during its formation, leaving it much fresher than when the frost is keener, hut it is never completely got rid of. Sea water freezes at about 28 deg., and the greatest thickness ice attains in one season is about seven feet. Tbe absence of salt conduces greatly to the permanence of ice, for when ice contains salt in its cavities and cracks, or in thin films between the layers, these entangled salts cause the ice to melt at a lower temperature than 32 deg., and the liquefied por tions give rise to streams and currents within the body of the ice, which rapidly dissolve it. expensive wali covering. In a house in College-street, Jackson, Tennessee, one of the rooms was covered wit.h paper representing real estate worth more than £400,000. The four sides of the room were covered with land grants belonging to one of the volumes of the Land Office for Western Tennessee that, had been missing since the war. Mr. Gates, Registrar of the Land Office, carefully gathered up these valuable documents for reference and preservation. One leaf, represented two grants, 1000 acres on one side, and 640 acres on the other. In Johan nesburg, the chief town and mining centre of the Transvaal gold-fields, the walls of a barber's shop aud drinking-bat were papered with gold-mine share certificates, which had been worth enormous sums. At North Bersted, near Bognor, may be seen, in a small room in the inn there — the Rising Sun — the wall® and ceiling papered with stamps of all nations, which, before obliteration, were of the valueof £14,000. The mo«t expensive wall-paper or covering, apart from eccentric cases like those named, is tapes! ry, many of the older specimens of which are wort.li several thousands of pounds. Only last year some magni ficent old tapestries were discovered in one of the departments of the Colonial Office at Lisbon. The murals represent : The trial of Marcus Aurelius : the coronation of Marcus AureliiiB; one of Aurelius's battles ; and Marcus Aurelius rebuking Faustinian. Each tapestry bad varied allegories on one side. The letters of tbe legends are in yellow on a brown ground. No 'mark or sign, indicative of ago or maker, can be found, but they are believed to date from the reign of Don Juan Y. — 1706-1750. The tapestries, which have been valued at £7000, have been sent to the National Musoum. 44 1 am glad," said the Rev. Dr. Young to the chief of the Little Ottawas, "that you do not drink whisky, but it grieves me to find that your people use so much of it." "Ah, yes T" replied the chief, and he fixed an impressive eye upon the doctor, which communicated the reproof before he uttered it ; 44 we Indians use a g' at deal of whisky, but WO . do nQtmafa it." - 