LAW REPORT. | SUPREME COURT.-Monday, April, 24. In Equity.-{Before the Chief Judge in Equity, his Honor Mr. Justice Owen.) McMahon and others v. Hermann and another. Mr. Gregory Walkor and Mr. L. Owen, instructed by Mr. E. Trevor Jones, appeared for the plain- tiffs, Wm. McMahon, Danl John McMahon, William James McMahon, Fredk. H. Gordon and Catherine his wife, Helena McMahon, Mary McMahon, and Mich C. McMahon (an infant under, the age of 21 years), by the said William McMahon (his next friend), and Wm R. Young and Catherine his wife, James McMahon, Danl. John McMahon, Agnes McMahon, J. G McMahon, Garrett Joseph McMahon and M. McMahon (the last three of whom are infants under the age 21 years), by the said James McMahon, their next friend, Mr. H. E. Cohen and Mr. Knox, instructed by Mr. J. Murray Dunn, appeared for the defendants, Mark Hermann and Vivien Cox, Mr. Hanbury Davies, instructed by Messrs. Levy, Hamsley, and Perkins, for the defendants, Henry Garrett McMahon, Winifred McMahon, Herbert J. M'Cullough and Annie his wife, and Mary McMahon. and Mr. Rich, instructed by Mr Walter G. Parish, for the defendants, Stephen B McMahon, James McMahon, and other defendants This suit arose out of alleged breaches of trust in connection with the administration of the Estate of the late Michael McMahon, late of near Coonamble, of which the defendants Mark Hermann and Vivian Cox wore the trustees. It seemed that the late Michael McMahon, late of Tooloon, near Coonamble, by his will dated 3rd December, 1873, appointed as trustee his son, John McMahon, and Henry Mallion Todhunter, the stipulations in the testator's will being that the station or run known as Budgeon was to be for the use of tho testator's son, John McMahon (since deceased), for life, and thereafter for the use of his children. The station called Comberrea, situated in the district of Bligh, was to go to the testator's son, William McMahon and afterwards to his children. The station called Quonmona was to go to Patrick McMahon and his children, and the station called Kialgara, situated in the district of Bligh, to Garrett McMahon (since deceased), and after- ward to his children. The station opposite to Coonamble was bequeathed to Michael McMahon (since deceased) and his children, and the station called Tooloon to Danl. Dominic McMahon and his children. Theo testator bequeathed his one-third interest in Euroka to his daughter, Mary Graves, and her children. The testator declared that the trustees should stand possessed of 28,000 sheep then running upon Tooloon, to be applied to certain specific uses. 5300 of these sheep were to go to Garrett McMahon for life, with remainder as specified to his children. The rest of the sheep were to go to William McMahon for life, and after his death to the use of his child or children upon attaining the ago of 21 years or marriage. The money left by the testator was to be invested by the trustees, and the interest or other proceeds thereof divided by them amongst the testator's sons and daughter for and during the term of their natural lives. The testator died on 14th November, 1874. Probate of the will was duly granted to John McMahon and Henry Mallion Todhunter. H. M. Todhunter declined to act as trustee, and the defendant Vivian Cox was duly appointed a trustee in his place, and John McMahon retired from the trus- teeship, and the defendant Mark Hermann was appointed in his place. In the year 1881 Garrett McMahon died without having had any issue, and thereupon the whole of the station sheep and moneys devised and bequeathed in his favour were, it was alleged, sold and realised by the defendants Mark Hermann and Vivian Cox, the said station and sheep being sold, or purporting to bo sold, to one Julius Caro, a brother-in-law of the defendant Mark Her- mann. Julius Caro subsequently it was alleged, sold one- half share of interest of and in the said station and sheep, or their progeny, to, and the same was now held by, Mark Hermann. The plaintiffs charged that the purchase by Julius Caro of the station and sheep was part of a scheme to enable the defendant Mark Hermann to acquire a half-share of interest therein: and that in any case the purchase of the said half-share or interest by Mark Hermann had revived the trusts of the will in him so far as the said half- share or interest was con- cerned. When the station and sheep were offered for sale the defendant either refused a bona fide offer of £1000 or thereabouts over and above the sum which Julius Caro paid for the same, or he knew of such bona 'fide offer having been made, and paid no attention thereto. And the plaintiffs submitted that the defendants Mark Hermann and Vivian Cox, or one of them are or is bound to account for the said sum of £1000 or other the difference in pnce between what was paid by Julius Caro, and the real value of the station and sheep. The plaintiff, William McMahon, was in- formed by the defendant, Mark Hermann, that the sum of £1052 or thereabouts represented the true value of the share of the proceeds of the said sale and realisation to which he and his children were entitled under the will. Relying upon such infor- mation the said plaintiff made no objection to the said sum of £1052 being assessed as the value of the share of himself and his children, but neither the said sum nor any part thereof had been invested in the man - ner provided for by the will, some portion of the said sum being used for the purchase of stock for the Comberrea station. The plaintiff, William McMahon, had recently been informed, and believed it to be the fact, that the sum of £1052 did not represent the true value of his and his children's share in that the defendant, Mark Hermann with full knowledge allowed the defendant, Daniel Dominic McMahon as administrator of the intestate estate of Garratt McMahon to apply a large portion of the trust estate to which Garrett McMahon was entitled in payment of certain private debts or liabilities of Garrett McMahon. The defendent, Mark Hermann, had also from year to year sold the wool and other produce from Com- berrea Station, and paid the proceeds thereof into an account at a bank in Coonamble, upon which he alone could operate. The defendant Hermann re- fused to pay the plaintiff, William McMahon, such part of the said proceeds as he was entitled to, but compelled hin to purchase all stores and necessaries required for the said station from the defendant's store at Coonamble, and charged the same against the said account, thereby gaining considerable profit from his trusteeship. There were certain other sums which had been re- ceived by the defendants, Mark Hermann and Vivian Cox or one 0f them, in respect of sheep from other stations depasturing on Comberrea and of the sale of sheep off that station, and which the plaintiffs believed had not been accounted for by either of the defendants. The defendant Mark Hermann, it was further alleged, had also taken up certain selections in his own name and for his own benefit on the station opposite Coonamble, which selections com- prised some of tho best land on the station, and the plaintiffs William R. Young, Catherine Young, James McMahon, Daniel John McMahon, Agnes McMahon, J. T. McMahon, Garrett Joseph McMahon, and M. McMahon had thereby suffered considerable damage. The said selections were subsequently sold or mortgaged to the Commercial Bank by the defen- dant, M. Hermann, and the plaintiffs submitted that he ought to account for all profits made by him in reference to, or on account 0f, the said selections. The defendant, Vivian Cox, had been for some time past, and still was, totally incapacitated by ill-health from taking any active part in the executiou of the trusts of the will, and the plaintiffs were informed and believed that he would never be able to take an active part therein under the circum- stances, and having regard to the nature of estate the plaintiffs submitted that some fit and proper person should be appointed a trustee in his place. The plaintiffs had made repeated application to the defendants, Mark Hermann and Vivian Cox, for accounts of the said trust estate, but they had refused and neglected to furnish the same, and they had never at any time furnished to the plaintiffs true or proper accounts of the said trust estate. The plaintiffs claimed that the defendants, Mark Her- mann and Vivian Cox, or at any rate the defendant Cox, might be removed from the trusteeship of the will, and that some fit and proper persons or person might be appointed to act us trustees or trustee thereof in lieu of the defendants or the defen- dant Cox , that it might be declared that the plain- tiffs were entitled at their option to treat the said one-half share, now held by the defendant Hermann in the Kialgara station, and sheep, as subject to the trusts of the will upon their paying him all moneys properly expended by him in the purchase thereof or thereon , that an account might be taken of all moneys received by the defendants Hermann and Cox. or either of them, or which, but for their wilful neglect and default, they or either of them should have received, and of all moneys properly expoudod or disbursed upou tlio trust estillo by thom or either of thom , that an account might be takon ot the true valuo or amount of tbo respectivo shnrea into whica tho wild portion ot ths said Garrett M'Mahon in tile said trust estate was divisible under the trusta ot tho will upon the death cif Onrrott M'Mahon , that an account might bo taken of nil profita made by tho defonditnt Homianu out of his trusteeship, and that he might bo ordered to roimburso tho same to tho trust estate that, if rtoccssnri, tho ti usts of the said H ill might bo admmist ercd u udor and bv the direction of tho Court that the defendant!, Hermann and Cox, or one of thom, might do ordorod to pay the cost, of this suit and that thn plaintiffs might have such further or other relief as tho nature of the case might require lho defendants Cox enid Hormann denied that tho will of Michael M'Mahon vv ns correct!) sot forth, and pleaded that tho plaintiffs, Catherine Young, Jamas M'Mahon, and Darnel M'Mahon had signed rocoipts in full of all demands 111 respect of their shnros of the moneys derived fi,om the salo ot Kialgara sta- tion. Vivian Cox said that ho had not at any timo taken an} active part in themanagoment of the estate of the testator, and had no personal knowle Ige o' certain of tho facts ulluzoil. The station disposed of was sold for £8000 to Julius Caro, and such salo was a bona tide sale for cash. It was not truo that tho purchase of the station or shoep by Caro was part of a schemo to enable the dofemduut Hermann to acquiro a half or any othor snnro or interost therein. It was not truo that the defendant Hormnnn refused an offer of £1000 or any other amount over and above the sum paid by Cnro, or that defendant Her- mann knew of such an öfter, The price realised on tho salo was the full market value of the station and sheep at tho time of the iwle, and the best pneo which could bo obtained-£10aS 6s 3d-which repre- sented the shara of the plaintiffs', Willum M'Mahon and his children, m tho proceeds of the sale was paul into tho Commercial Bank to tho credit of Combema station account, with the knowledge and consent of tho said plaintiffs, and was irom time to time ex- pended with tho full knowledge and consent of tho plaintiffs in purchasing stock for the Comberna station, ana in purchasing land on and ad j aeon t to tbo station, ana tho said sum had boon applied wholly for the benefit and Minutage of tue plaintift, W. M'Mahon, and lui children It waa not true that the defendant Her- mann allowed the defendant Daniel Dominio M Mahon, as administrator of the ostate of Garrett M'Mahon, to apply any portion of the trust estate in paymont of tlio private debts or liabilities of Garrett M Mahon The defendant Hermann had from time to timo sold the wool and other produce of th Comherria station, and had paid the proceeds thereof into the Comberria station account. It was not true that the defendant Hermann compelled the plaintiff, William M'Mahon, to purchase any stores or neces- saries required for the station, or for any other purpose from his store at Coonamble. It was not truo tint the defendant Hormann had taken np any selection on the station opposite to Coonamblo in his o» n name or for his own benefit The défendant Hermann bought a selection on the run from one M'Culloch before ho (Hermann) became n trustee of tho estate It was not true that tho dofciidunt Cox waa incapacitated from taking any active part in tho cxeoution of tho trusts of tho will Tho I'efcndunta had always been ready and willing to furnish accounts df the trust estate Iho caso stands as part hoard In Chambers -{llefoie hu Honor Mr. JxuUu Foster ) r- fartf tiicías lawbov Mr Tostor, mstructod by MoaBrs John Williamson aud Sons, appeared in support of a motion for a prohibition directed against Thomas Tohnston and Thomas F Mooney, Js P , and Patrick Edward Power, to restrain them from proceeding further upon a conviction mado on when Lawson was fined £1 and costs, or seven dave' imprisonment, ou a chargo of rescuing two horses lawfully Boned for tho purpose of .wing impounded There was no appearance on the other Bide Hie nile nisi was granted by Mr. Justice Stephen on 10th March last Tho evidence in support of the conviction was that Alexander Gregg gave two horses whieh ho found on North Condobolin station to Patrick Edward Power, the poundkeeper, to be impounded Tho defendant half an hour after- wards said that ho wanted to take tlio horses away, and somo timo subsequently he was seen with tho horses in his possession Thcro was 4s Gd to be paid on tlio horses The grounds on which tho prohibition was asked for were that thore was no evidence that Patrick Edward Power was duly appointed poundkeeper, that there was no evidence that Alexander Gregg, a boundary ridor, had authontv to impound, that there was no evidonco that where the homes wero koptwasa duly consti- tuted pound, and that tho evidence did not support the couviction His Hot, ok granted the prohibition against the poundkeeper, with costs IK TARTE MARTIN JSAOAK Dr Cullen, instructed by Messrs John Williamson and Sons, appeared in support of a motion tor a Tule nisi for aprr iibitiondirectoaagainstCharlesM'Artbur King, police" magistrate of Bourko, und Henry Featherstonhaut,h \V atton, the informant in a case of trespassing Mr. Watton is tho manager of a Btation at Engoma, and he proceeded against Martin Lagan for trosspassing on enclosed lands The defence was that E igan entered on the land in the bona fide exorcise of his right. That point was taken before the magistrate It appeared that Eagan drove some sheep across a run surrounded on all s des by Crown lands in tho exercise of what he thought to bo his right under section 111, using the nearost track to the water Eagon gas. o Watton notice of lila intention to cross the run, and ho was forced to do so from want of water. His Honor granted the rule nun, returnable in Chambers in a fortnight, Vut-Admtralty Court -(Jlâfore the Cana? Jns-TCE, Sir Frederick Darley ) adelaide 6 0 com.fany, li-titld, v s 8 rodondo Mr Pilcher, Q C , nnd Mr O Connor, instructed bj Messrs Norton and Co , appeared on bohnlf of the plaintiff compan. and Mr Want, Q C , Mr. Bruce bmith, and Mr Ralston, instructed by Messrs. Sly, Hrnitltón, and Iiu^soll, for tho defendants, M"ssrs W Ho» ard Smith and Sons Tho hearing of tins matter was continued It was a claim lor £3000 for salvage which was brought by tho plaintiff company ngaiUBt the defend- ant company for sorvicos rendered m connection vi ith the s s Rodondo, which, with its shaft broken, wns, on the _1th January last pickod up by the s s. B illarra, owned by the plaintiff company, betwoen Cape Banks and Rivoli Bay, in South Australia, and conducted into Rivoli Baj. rho defendant company had paid into court £400, and pleaded thut that was sufficient remuneration for the particular service rondered Tho contention on behalf of the defendant company was that the Rodondo was admuahly adapted for sailing, that «he was not m any danger, that nil that was required was towage, and that as a matter of fact that was the only service rendered The case stands as part heard. In Hanhruptcy -{Before hu Honor Mr. Juttu* Manning ) motion undfr section 130 Re John Larsen (bankrupt), ex parto the official asiignoo-Solomon Mathews, respondent Mr Gordon, instructed by Mr Tho« 3. Dickson, appeared on behalf of the official assigneo and Mr Bruce Smith nnd Mr Mack, instructed by Messrs. Streot and Paterson, for tho respondent, Solomon Mathews This was a motion far an order directing bemuel Mathews to pay to the official assignee the earn of £2J1 or such other sum as Bhould on inquiry bo found to be due from the respondent to tho official assigneo and for au order, ii necossary, referring it to tue Registrar to mqutre and ascertain the amount nowdueandowingbytho respondent, upon the ground that the bankrupt lu or about tho month of July 1892 entoiedinto a certain building contract with Solomon Mathow 3, and there was at tho data of tho bankruptcy of Larson, and there was Bhll, due and owing by fa Mathews under the contract, tho sum of £231, or somo other sum, which tho respondent had refused, and still rcfusod, to pay to the official assignee The mutter stands as part heard (llefoic Mr Jmtxce Owen ) MOTION UNDER EECTlOV 110 Eo Edward William Cook (bankrupt), ex parto tho official assignee , William Morris, respondent Mr Pilcher, Q C , and Mr Gordon, instructed by Mr Mark Mitchell, appeared on behalt of tho official assigneo and Mr T H. Want, Q C , and Mr A H bimpson, instructed by Mr A. b Glider, for the respondent Dr Morriu Tlio official assignee applied to the Cour? for an order declaring void as against the official assigneo a hill of sale dated 11th July 1S92, and also an assignment datod 11th Jill), 1892, both documents having been made by the bankrupt in favour of Dr William Morris, assigning or purporting to assign to Dr Morris certain goods, chattels, and effects in the bankrupt estate, and also a certain interest held by tho bankrupt under tho will of his deceased father. Ed» trd Vr rcntmoro Cook The Court wa« also asked to mako an ordor directing the respondent to hand tho goods, chattels and effects or their value to the official assignee, and to do all things necessary to transfer to the official assignee the said interest of tho bankrupt or to pay to tlio official assigneo tho value thereof the Court was also asked to, li nccessarj, make an order directing tho Registrar to inquire and ascertain the value of such goods, chattels effects, and interest His Honor gave judgment. He reviewed the evidence relating to tho transaction which it was sought to set aside This transaction, he held, waa a boua-fide one, and was not entered into with intent to defeat and delay the creditors of Cook. The appli- cation was dismissed {fitfoie thcAclmn Vc. i«f>_r, Mr. F. H. Salusbuhv. ) certificate suspended Re Johu Joseph Hough Tho Acting Registrar said it appeared that tho b inkrnpt was an hotel - keoper, and had carried on business in tho Grafton district His bankruptcy appeared to have boon due to floods. .8 ho had not Kept books showing his transactions the issue of his certifícalo would be sus- pended for tlirco months, J.STATL RELEASED Ho Charles Cates Mr IS Burdott-Smith appeared m support of a motiou for the release of this estate An affidavit had been Mod to the offoct that all the troditois, exeunt one whoso claim amounted to ¿1 10s, had boen paid m full The Acting Registrv ordered tho release of the estate, subject to the pay- ment mto court of tho claim already mentioned of £1 10s EXAMINATIONS lío William Isloj I ho bankrupt, a contractor, deposod that ho wns bankrupt 12 years ago but did not receiv e a certificate of contormitv His present bankruptcy wa« causod by losses on contracts His last contract was to build a parsonage The pnce was £1360. Ho ro-oived all that money. His over- draft « as guarauteed by Mr John Haves. He paid in tho money from n contract to roduce the over- draft instead of letting witness have it, and thus helped to Lung about his bankruptcy The further examination of the bankrupt was adjourned till 1st Muy Bo Brett and Coghlan An examination under sectiou 10 was held'and the examination of other witnesses adjourned BEQUhSTRATION OBDBR3 Nntbon Horlzborg of >8 Biloy-stroot and King street, S duo) Mr E M Stephen, official assignee Johu autUDu of Dartford Park Thornleigh, fruit- grower Mr L T Lloyd official assignee. William Dunbar of ligho's Hill, miner. Mr. E M Stophon, official assignee Walter Currv, of Cootamundra, freeholder Mr. A Morns official assiguoe John M'Lollund Mooro, of Blue's Point, carter Mr E M Stephen, official assigneo Andrew Philip Lennon, of Macquarie-Street South, Stone-finisher Mr A Morris, official assignee Emma Monk of Bowral, boarding-house-keeper. Mr L T Lloyd, official assignee William Henry Mullen, of West Maitland, solicitor. Mr L V Llovd official assignee. William Fraser Gordon, of Hay, soapboiler. Mr. E M Stopheu, official assignee Sarah Hudson of Darling-street, Balmain, draper and milliner Mr A Morris, official assignee Edwin Joseph Thorne, of Manly. Mr. L. T Lloyd official assignée James Lightfoot, of Dagworth, near East Mait- land Mr . Morns, official assignee The assigned estate of David Kron and Angelina Maria Friedman (trading as the London and 'Frisco Tailoring Company of Sydney), of 657 George street (on the potition of C T Sturkoy, trustee oi such assigned estate). Mr. L. T Lloyd, official assigneo Robert Chevm Ghost and Arthur Charles Jowett (trading as Ghost and Jowett), of Loftus-street, Sydnoy Mr. A. Morris, official assignee 