ST, PATRICK'S DAY ANNIVERSARY ASSOCIATION. Yesterday the newly formed association, composed of delegates from the Hibernian Australasian Catholic and St. Patrick's Benefit Societies, held its first demonstra tion, which passed cff most successfully. THE BANQUET. In the evening a banquet was held in the Cornwall Assembly Rooms, when about 100 gentlemen sat down. The hostess, Mrs S. Fahey, provided an excellent drjeuner, and the tables were laid out with excellent taste, the room looking td the best advan tage. Mr M. J. Clarke occupied the chair, and was supported by the Tery Rev. Dean Beechinor on his right, and the Revs. J. O'Malhony and J. J. H. Quinn on his left. After the tables had been cleared a long toast list was gone through, and a pro gramme of vocal and instrumental music and recitations was submitted during the evening, the following gentlemen taking part:-Messrs W. Niohols (accompanist), H. Cato, G. Eyre, O. Balfe, and Val. Yousden. The gallery was filled with ladies, who took much interest in the proceedings. The toasts were all enthusi aitically honoured, and the interest was w.l maintained throughout. Mr P. B. lihtgerald acted as tcast-master. Mr Clarke in opening the proceedings said that he was glad to have the oppor tunity of addressing such a large body of Irishmen as were present that evening, and thanked them for the honour conferred on him by the invitation to preside. He said that while they honoured their native land they showed none the less their loyalty to. the land of their. adoption, and he spoke for all present when he said if Tasmania wire attacked to-morrow there would be none more enthusiastic in de fending her shores than the Irish resi dents. They did not require any imported lord from England as Governor while they had such a man as Sir Lambert Dobson, who had always shown himself to be a man of exceptional experience. He did not see why, when they had such a man as the present Chief Justice, they could not get on with him as Governor. (Cheers.) The Very Rev. Dean Beechinor, in pro posing the toast of "The day we cele brate," said that the spirit inculated by St.Patrick-liberty-still breathed through the Irish character, and no matter where the Irish exile goes, whether in the forests of Canada or in the bush land of Austral asia, he is always found working with hardship because he is free. That spirit of freedom was one of the greatest characteristics of the Irish race, and would ever live while Irish blood coursed through men's veins. (Ckears.) He gave a brief sketch of the work of the patron saint, and referred to the conferring of the Cardinal's hat on the Arohbishop of Armagh, the Primate of all Ireland, as one of the most pleasing of thenumerous noble acts of the Pope.towards Ireland. In re ferring to the work of Mr Gladstone in Ireland the speaker paid a high compliment to the great statesman, and the noble band in England and Scotland who are second ing his efforts to do justice to Ireland. (Cheers.) Father O'Mahony, in proposing the toast of "Prcsperity to Ireland," stated that looking back through the sad and chequered history of Ireland, counting up again all its sorrows and its suffering, thinking of that famine ogre that at various periods but with unvarying regularity has shadow-like dogged the footsteps of the Irish people during the last hundred years and more, he could nt conceive any one, no matter of what ra' :"r creed, who would refuse to honour a te~:timent which bids them pray that prosperity might soon be the portion of the people of Ireland. Common humanity bids men to do so, and he was glad to think that in these days of enlightenment men quite regardless of creed or clime were beginning to follow humanity's God-like and God-given in stincts. It is an instinct of the human heart to succour the wretched and the miserable. That Ireland has been, and to a large extent still is, miserable, however much they wished to, they could not deny. Their race was one of no mean capacity, and although they may not boast still it has given amongst others to English states manship an Edmund,BurkLe, and to English armies a Wellington, a Roberts, and a Wolseley-a race of no mean order, which has lived in huts unworthy of the savage, and often on too wretched a diet. Ought that to be so ? Was it the design of nature that, as Thomas Davis once put it, in a climate soft as a mother's smile, on a sail fruitful as God's love, the Irish peasant should mourn ? Such should not exist, and the only cause for it was that which sprung from misrule, mismanagement, and disunion. (Cheers.) If the toast of prosperity to Ireland was potent to awaken kindly sympathy .in hearts that are. not Celtic, it appeals with resistless force to hearts that are. Out siders cannot fully appreciate it. Irish men do, and hence in addressing an au dience composed principally of Irishmen no words were needed to commend to them a sentiment which crates blessings rich and many for the land of their hearts' first love. In reply to Mr Joseph Chamberlaiti, Mr William O'Brien said that " t e passion of Irish patriotism is blended with whatever was ennobling and divine in our being, with all that is tenderest in our associations and most inspiring in the longings of our hearts. What the star that shone over Bethlehem on that first Chrietmal night was to the three Eastern Magi; what the vision of the Holy Grail was to the Knighte of the Bound T'able; what the Holy Sepulchre was to the dying eyes of the Crusaders fainting in the parched Syrian desert, that to the children of the Irish race was, andir, the tradition that there has been t'her taith that there will be too a golden hearted Irish nation, the land of song, and wit, and mirth, and learning, and holiness, and all the fair flowering of the human mind and soul. By the light of that mes sage, glinting out in ineffaceable rainbow colours, to matter whast angriest storm clouds may cross the Irish sky, generation alter generation of Irishmen have marched gaily to their doom upon battlefield or scaffold; and the statesman who hopes to settle accounts with Ireland without satisfying that imperious spiritual craving of the high strung Celtic nature may as well legislate for a time when the green hills of holy Ireland will weer the red livery of England,and when the lirds on the Irish bushes will chirp " Rule B itannia." That sacred cause has ever hal for the trun bcrn Irishman of every (r ed the pas sionate romance and glow of love. It is invested with to nething of the mysterious .sanctity of religion. No Iknight of chivalry i ever panted for the applause of beauty with a prouder lovelight in his eyes than the :flasbing glance with which men have wel comed their death wound to the fierce music of battle for Ireland. The dungeons in which innumerable Ir'skmen have grown gaunt and: grey with torment are illuminated by a, faith only less absorbing than t~o ethereal light of the cloister. It is Ithe song that is sung by every brook that gurgles by us, for every brook has in its day been crimsoned with the blood of heroes. It is the weird voice we hear from every graveyard, where out fathers are sleeping; for every Irish grave yard contains the bones of uncrowned saints and martyrs. That passion cat never die and can never be uprooted. The mistake English legislators have made is in thinking that it can, for before this they would have t- uproot to the losi scrap of sculptured filigree the majestic shrines in which the old race worshipped 'I hey would have had to demolish to their last stone the castles that lay like armec giants throughout the land to markl where the fight raged the fiercest They would have had to level the pillar towers, and seal up the tombs of the holy wells. And even then they would not have stilled the voice oi Ireland's past, for in a country where every green hillside has been a battle field and almost every sod beneath our feet f soldier's sepulchre, the very ghosts would rise up as witnesses through the pena darkness, and to the Irish imagination the voices of the night would come laden witl memories of wrongs unavenged and of i strife 'unfinished, and of a hope which onl; brightened in suffering, and whicl no human weapon could subdue.' But besides this sentimental side of the question - and anyone who knows the Irish race knows how far senti ment in the matter of country count with them -there is a practical side, fc: Irishmen live as most other men live, ane need the means whereby life for them mar be made not merely tolerable, but pros perous. They remember how in the days o 1782,when the Protestantsof Ireland, unde Grattan and Flood, aided so willingly b; their disfI anchised Roman Catholic country men, gained legislative independence fo Ireland; and Ireland's representatives had the making of Ireland's laws, the countr* growing into prosperity by leaps anm bounds. "In the course of 15 years," say Judge Jebb, "our agriculture, our com merce and our manufactures have swelled to an amount that the most sanguin friends of Ireland would not have dared t prognosticate." T'he bankers of Dublin the men who now according to the cable grams fear such disasters from the re establishment of an Irish Parliament-ii 1798 declared " that since the renunciation of the power of Great Britain in 1782 t legislate for Ireland the commerce anc prosperity of this kingdom have emi nently increased." Lord Clare himself the most) unscrupulcus and 'powerful ally that Pitt and Castlereagh had in the pass? ing of the Act of Union, had to admit the same. "There is net a nation on the face of the habitable globe which has advanced in oul tivation and in manufactures with the same rapidity and in the same period as Ireland" during the existence of legisla tive independence. He would not quote figures to prove the assertions of these un prejudiced witnesses to Ireland's then pros. perity. Surely, then, it could not be won dered at that at such a time as the present when one of the greatest of English states. men, at the end of a long and honoured career, undertakes to give Ireland a Parliament of its own again to enable it to watch over its own domestic c.ocrns asia Tasmania, that Irishmen, the friends of Ireland and the friends of liberty all the world over, should honour with more than ord'nary enthusiasm the toast of pros. perity to Ireland. But the timid raise the religious bogey, and cry out,as the Primate of Canterbury is reported to have cried out, that Home Rule would destroy the Protestant church in Ireland, and make Ireland the vassal of the Pope, while others say they wantseparation. Itishard for Roman Catholic Irishmen to have patience with those who argue thus. Irishmen do not want separation. They are not fools. They have shed their blood in the build ing up of a prosperous British Empire. They have under its sheltering laws a religious liberty which they could not better themselves, and which they would not most undoubtedly have in many so called Roman Catholic countries. Irishmen are not fools and idiots; they are not, even if they could do so, going to tear themselves away from an empire which Irishmen have helped to build, in order to be swallowed by some other state, under which they would never have the privileges they now enjoy. They want to live in friendship with England and Englishmen, but they want to live with them as brothers, not as slaves. " Connection," said Grattan in his famous Union speech, "is a wise and pro found policy, but connection without an Irish Parliament is connection without its principle, is innovation, is peril, is sub jugation, and not connection. Identifica tion is a solid aid imperial maxim, neces sary for the preservation of freedom neces sary for the preservation of the Empire, but without a union of hearts and without a separate Parliament identification is extinction, is *dishonour, is unjust, not identification." And what the vast majority of Irishmen assert is the teaching of Henry Grattan, that the existence of a Parliament in Ireland will remove the asperiti.s that have so long existed between the IrishandEnglishiraces, and cause them to live together as friends and brothers ready to help and fight for each other if the common good should demand it. And as for the other cry, what proof is there that Irish Catholics could give, which they have net given to assure their Protestant fellow countrymen that they need never fear molestation in the exercise and practice of their religion. I presume it is liberty-full and adequate-they want, uand not ascendency. The Irish people have again and agoain - though their leaders, most of them Protestant, by-the way-expressed their readiness to give their Protestant fello a countrymen any guarantee for their religious liberty which they may desire. What more, I sak, could they do ? Speaking as an IriEhman and as an Irish Cathol0c priest he said that liberty given to them on the condition that they should persecute any one individual for his religious con viction would be spurned, and the so-called gift would be thrown back into the teeth of those who offered it. It would be instead of liberty the merest slavery. If the days of the past histcry of their and were filled with very sad and painful memories, the present gives an assurance that days are saon to come full of bright and golden hope for the prosperity of Ireland. In o'nclusion, he asked them to drink the toast of prosperity to the old land and its people of every class and creed-even those who threaten to leluge the land with blood if Home Rule is passer', and pray bleesing on the nation and the man who shall have done long delayed justice to a noble p~o?Ie and an historic race. (Loud and prolonged applause ) The chairman in proposing the tcast of F"ederated Australasio," said he asked them to drink only the sentiment and did not ask them to bind themselves to any scheme. The proposal of the Sydney Con. verntion did not seem to himrto be one that the people of Tasmania could accept. They desired to see a strong. nation in the southern sea, and he believed that the people of the colonies would be pleased if that object were accomplished. (Cheers.)' Mr W. I. Thrower proposed the toast of "The land we live in--its MiniEtry, its!Par liament,tand its Councils," and thought that the Parliament had done much for Tasmania in the past and believed the pre sent members would do their part. As regards the Municipal Councils the local body was doing its best. He hoped that before the next celebration of the day came Ireland- would have legislative liberty the same as Tasmania, and can eluded by quoting the address of Mr Henry Button at the meeting of the Congregational Union at Hobart, as to the injustice of the opposition to the Home Rule Bill. Mr A. R. Fowler, M.H.A., in responding to the toast, said that it was a rather peculiar position for him to be placed in, having to respond for a Parliament of which he was a member but never had the opportunity of taking his seat. He did not know the men for whom he was asked to speak. When in Hobart last week some pressure was brought to bear on him to speak to such a toasa, but he resisted the overtures. He was glad, however, that his first public speech since his election was to be made that night in his own constituency. Practical politics were barred from their societies, but he might be allowed to say that the next, session would be a most im portant one as regarded the financial position of the colony. In whatever direction the Legislature would go the people who are able to pay must pay towards the revenue. He would do his best, and although he was informed that all eyes were upon him as to what action he would take during the rather critical ses sion which was to come, he hoped they would not expect too much. (Hear, hear.) Mr B. P. Farrelly proposed the toast of "The Friendly Societies," which was responded to by Mr Fowler (A.O.O.F.). He referred at length to the position of the variousfriendlysocieties,which he stated was of a most satis'actory character. It was to the credit of the colony to say that con sidering the large amount of money passing through the hands of the officers there were no complaints as to misappropriation. Laun ceston compared most favourably as re garded the position of its benefit societies with the other cities of Australasia. (Hear, bear.) Messrs P. J. Mathews (St. Patrick's), P. B. Fitzgerald (Hibernian. A.C.B.S.), and 0. T. Curran (M.U.,I.O.0.F.), also responded. Mr M. T. Keon propcsed the toast of the "Press," which was re'ponded to by the representatives present. The toast of the "Ladies" was pro. posed by Mr W. Tynan, and responded to by Mr J. M. Crawford. " The hostess" and "The chairman," were also duly honoured, and the proceedings concluded about midnight. Previous to dispersing the chairman and announced that a con cert would be held in the Mechanics' Institute this evening in celebration of St. Patrick's Day. 