A FEW REMARKS ABOUT THE CUSTOMS, &c.;, OF THE NATIVES OF WEST KIMBERLEY. o By Minnie-Pool Charley.] The aboriginal natives of West Kimberley do not differ in general respects to the other natives of W.A.. They are the same dirty, cruel and sneaking wretches. Their dress consists solely of a band of strings wove by themselves from the fur of the opossum and kangaroo, bound round their waists and a similar band round their heads, in which a plume of white cockatoo feathers is usually worn, and considerably improves the appear ance of a black native. The stature of the men is immense, their average height being, I suppose, about 6 feet 2 or 3 inches. Their general muscular develop ment is very strong and powerful. The women vary in height from about 5 feet 4 to 8 inchcs, vary rarely exceeding the latter. This applies to the plains or river tribes of women; I believe the women of the mountain tribes are taller, and, if possible, even more vicious and cruel than their plains sisters. The men belonging to the mountain tribes are univer sally acknowledged to be more bold and daring than their river brethren, as they can so easily hide and escape from pursuit in the impene trable ravines and caves that abound in Kim- berley. They will openly attack anyone, especially the police, or anyone else they imagine is after them, an instance of which occurred not long ago, when a police party were attacked in East Kimberley and one trooper was killed and another had his horse speared from under him. The river tribes are a very miserable and cowardly lot, one man with a reliable revolver on a good horse could disperse a whole tribe as long as it was lijght. They don't seem to have courage enough to openly attack one single white man. They crawl on their victim in the night and spear or club him while he is asleep. But in cunning and deceit I think the river tribes can outrival their dusky brethren of the mountain. If a traveller leaves his pack bags even for a few minutes out of sight, he is sure to find some thing missing on his return. An instance of this occurred some time ago. A traveller coming from Mt. Dockrell to the Richenda Rush, had just mixed a damper and put it into the fire to cook, and then went to a water-hole about a hundred yards or so away to wash his hands; when he returned his damper and frying pan had " left." He suceeded in recovering his frying pnn, but not his damper. This is only one of many instances that could be quoted, A favorite recourse of travellers, when alone, is to tie string to the trigger of a loaded gun, attaching the other end of the string to their pack bags, so that if natives touch the bags in the absence of the owner the gun goes off, the report of which seem to produce a very beneficial effect on the nervous system of the natives and effectually cures them for a time of their inquisitiveness, But although the natives are cunning in one way, they are very ignorant in others, for instance if a person bounces a lot of niggers, shouts and swears at them, they think he is all powerful and appreciate him accordingly, whereas if a person speaks kindly to them, they think he is afraid , of them, and try to impose upon him by demanding tobacco, flour, &c.; They can, in my estimation, only be compared to pigs and dogs, the more one illtreats and abuses them the more they like him and vice versa. This seems strange, but it is, nevertheless, a duly authenticated fact. During my stay in West Kimberley I hud | very little opportunity of personally enquiring ( into or studying the customs of the natives, 'j but from -what I .could learn from settlera, , Stockmen, drovers, aud other authentic per- ^ sons, I believe their customs, in the aggregate, ( differ Tory little from those of other Austra lasian natives. With respect to the burial of their dead I believe they liave a very curious and, to <3hvisiian;, a very ridiculous mode, ! which at once shows the ignorance and super- ( stitioii of their natures. It is as follows : When one of their tribe dies, a platform is ( in.'ulrf up in the branches of a tree, the body is { first mutilated, by having ite arms, legs and neck broken, to prevent it from rising and fol lowing .them ngain ; then it is laid on tho plat form, with i's head pointing towards tho .east. It is allowed to remain there for ever. After the body is first placed on tho platform it is \vatche{l by a couple of old women, who are provided with the tribal charm-sticks, until decomposition gats in. They think tho spirit .does not leave the body till then, and it is the duty of up and injuring any of its tribe. If the do ceascd native had any children, they are watched and guarded by the prophets, or medicine men, of the tribe, as they fear the ghost of their dead parent wi il come at night and steal them away. They also light a fire and make a shelter about one or two hun dreds yards from their camp, 60 that the ghost can go there and not interfere with their camp. If a native dies of fever, dysentery, or any disease, the trihe thinks it is tho ghost of one of their own defunct tribesmen taking its revenge for -wrongs done in life. But if a native dies .of snake bite., killed by an alligator, or any accidental death, they think it is the prophet or medicine man .of .some other tribe making mischief by assuming tbe form of the enake, alligator, or whatever it might be, aud causing death. So then, according to their statutes, his or her death must be avenged. And to decide in which direction the tribe is ihat caused the death, they watch the dead body until it commences to decompose, - and if decomposition sets in first on the part pointing towards, say the east, they then conclude that the enemy is in that direction, or it it sets .In on the part pointing towards the west or north, they would conclude the enemy was in that ; direction, and so on. So having determined in which direction the enemy is, a few men are picked, and armed for war. they then 6tart off ad pursuit and sprar the first native they come across in whichever direction tliey take. I believe that in the early days of Kimberley lie different tribes used to be continually at ?variance, war was universally declared by.each | triba against all others, and so if a native belonging to one tribe was. found on the dominion of another, he was immediately captured, and court mariialled as a prisoner of war, and invariably executed by being bound, hands and feet, to a sapling, the younger men of the triba trying their skill at plugging him with their tomahawks and boomerangs, xuuch in the same cruel way as the American Indians used to torture their victims. Tint cinm fllirio. dans have been in possession of Kimaerley, tho natives have evidentally been impressed with the advantage of living in peace and harmony, and baring a«ommercial treatise-as about the year 18S5 they held an immense conference, or yabi-dab-the .result of which was that a declar ation of peace and aaiity, and a treaty for mercial transactions between the various nations, was ratified. Since then there has been very little general fighting atuongihem, although a private quarrel, Jaw-suit, &e.;, sometimes oeeurs and causes a little playful blood-shed. The natives hold an annual conference to settle and re-rise affairs with regard to the commercial treatise between the various nations, or tribes. The confcrence assembles in the first moon after the East winds set an, which is generally about the second or third week in April. One . of their places of meeting is somewhat near the junction of the Fitzroy and Margaret fiivess and about .20 rnilce from the Fitzroy Telegraph Station, and Mr. C. McDonald's Fossil Downs Station. It is called the " Munda." No tribe is allowed to use it for hunting purpose-it is consecrated for the eonferencial meeting clone. No white man has ever been known to witness 1 his confcrence, so I can only describe it from the fcraps of information I could get from the uiitives themselves. They say it is a most imposing ceremony, which I quite believe. All the chiefs and propoets of each tribe with a guard of honor of about 60 o; 60 armed war-; riors assemble at the " Munda " on the first ' night of the full moon. The men of- the 1 guard have white stripes painted on their body, a white plume on their heads, anil nie armed with a Bpear or lance. Tbo chiefs are painted with blue stripes, and liavo a plume of varied colors, generally composed of the feathers of the parrot, dove, &c.;, and are armed with short sticks or wuddios, with figuvon cut in them. The prophets are painted black with a device in red of an omuon their breasts, and they bear the tribal charmsticks. When the various con tingencies ineot the guards of honor cach pre cedes the delegates and form an immenso hollow square, with their faces turned inward, The delegates then proceed to the centre of the square and arrange themselves so that each, band faces its own guard of honor. When this is done tlie whole mass commences to howl a dismal dirge. After this is finished tin guards all fasten the shafts [of their Issnces in Ihe ground and -attack their plumes totb® upper end, -so .tliut (hey resemble streamers. They thsr. join up in the centre with the others and'then a'war .dance is performed. I don't know J low to adequately .describe this wat» dance, some natives drop oti their knees vtuH hands and pretend .to be kangaroos, emus, &o;^ whilst others ciawi about representing snakes, alligators, &c.;, and others pretend to be out hunting and spearing them, all mixing up and running in and out and round about like a lot of imps let loose and rejoicing -ov.er tlieir free dom. After the war dance is performed tlie whole convention adjourns a little way away and encamps. The square is then confccrated for the business of the meeting. The firti night is spent in devout worship, fighting, dancing, or any other innocent amusement;; the next day is devoted to business in the square, and at night a farewell "yahoo" is .held* oud next day, if all business is concluded, the various bands return to their respective tribe& The cruelty and murdering propensities or the natives a no astonishing. Ihove frequently seen them bring in young birds without feathers, and pinch them to make them .cry,, and laugh likcdctnons when tbe little flfedgings struggle to escape, and when they come across a lizzard or iguana they merely break its bnck^j and tuck it .under t heir belts till they return id camp, then they throw it alive on the fire and stand by with u stick to prevent it from wrigg ling oft' again. It is a favorite amusement of the young natives to cateh a young bird that t can only fly a short distance, and chase it witli ; sticks and s:ones like a lot of little Imps after a christian. They seem to delight in anything that is cruel and fiendish, I believe some Brothels of the order of La Trappe are en- deavoring to establish a mission at Beagle Bay for the purpose of converting the wild natives to Christianity, but, with due deference to their intentions, I can only express my con- viction they unless they preach some good prac- tical sermons with a "cat" their efforts will only result in futility and unthankfulness. Tlie food ot tlie natives .consist generally of iguanas, snakes, kangaroo, emu, ducks, fish, and in fact everything from leaves of certainv trees to several kinds of grass, including various wil& fruit. They also collect the seeds-of .gross and ?grind into paste by means of two stoneB, exactly in the same manner as (he primitive style indulg ed in by white settlers to grind corn. They ace 1 reiy fond -of .tobacco and .flour, but their passion for to°baccn far ?exceeds tltat for flour, or anything else. If a" fig ' of tobacco and a piece of " tucker " were offered to a native .he would invariably take the J'chewt>ack." Their passion for tobacco, when once developed, is equal in intensity and -irresistibility to the Chinese passion for opium. The natives are very fond of drinking the raw blood of the animals &c.;, they kill, and the fat of any bird least, or reptile is considered the greatest delicacy imaginable. They are also very fond of the water that salt meat"has been boiled in. To drink this they get a tuft of grass, dip it in the liquid, and then suck it and so keep on; this shows what a wonderful amount of either patience or ignorance they trust possess. I think it is a little of both of these indispensable virtues. The weapons carried by the natives are, in general, very clumsy and awkward things. By far the most formidable is the spear; it is about 10 feet in length, the point is of a hard wood that only grows in tropical climates and the head is either stone or glass very ingeniously fashioned, with a sharp point and jagged edges beautifully calculated to cut a large wound In any victim. The spear when complete weighs about 6 lbs, and an average native can throw it from.80 to 120 yards with accuracy. The boomerang is a very awkward and unwieldy weapon, lacking tbe beautiful symmetry of design and precision of flight which is such a marked characteristic of the boomerang made by the natives of tbe southern por tion of W.A. Their tomahawks are made of a sharp edged stone fastened to a stick by means of an adhesive composition they make from the juice of the spinifex and - other grasses. It very much resembles the " blackboy * gum in appearance, but is far tougher and durable than that gum. The tomahawks are very inferior and usually collapse after being once or twice used the principle use made of this weapon is cutting honey from the wild bees nests. Tbe vv&rldy;, or jiulla-nulla, is a ehoit thick st&k; oi hard wood, whica has a knob on one end and is pointed at tbe otbec It is used for digging out iguanas njad-enakes and for killing rattj and Jl currabuls," a small species of kangaroo, and for knocking one another on the head. The natives also carry a "conflag ration apparatus" for kindling firos. It consists ol two sticks and a email portion of light inflammable matter. One stick is of i buid, and the othor of son w n»attev is composed ol very ^jr&sa; and ih© ^ith of a certain kind of bush, cullcd, in native parlance, ihe "Moopna," finely ground sm. 1 They light a five by rubbing one ctiok agaiwt another, and holding tho soft materia) close I so that, when a spark flies the sticks, it ignites, and so a fire, the piide of a native's heart,' is kindled. In conclusion it is almost needless to say that the natires aresupetitious in the extreme; each tribe carrying its tribal charm sticks, and having its prophets or medicine men al in strict accordance ith the decree of their stern god, who must be propitiated at any cost. From what I can glean the same image of the emu in the sky is tbe object of their worship and fear, equally as much as ihe majority of the aboriginal native tribes in the Australian colonies. F.tnis, 