Chapter XI. " Think, timely think, on the last dreadful day, Flow you will tremble there to stand exposed, The foremost in tho rank of guilty ghosts That must be doomed for murder 1—think on murder V It was quite true; Mrs. Darkham was at the very portals of death. Whether those great gates were to be opened for her or she could be dragged back from them was the question that troubled the physicians whs attended her. Perhaps it troubled her husband more than them. He was sitting now in his library in the big chair, with his arms hanging listlessly over the arms of it and his head pushed some what forward. He was thiuking. The doctors had come and gone and both were agreed. It was almost an impossibility, but not quite; she might, if such and such a change occurred, live. If not, death Jay before her—a death into which she would enter without revisiting, even in thought, this world again. Dr. Bland, an elderly man and one of great and deserved reputation, gave it a3 his opinion that if death did not ensue in a very few hours hope might be entertained by her—friends. He had looked rather directly at Darkham—at the husband—as he said this. Dillwyn had nodded an assenb and had said a few words, too—to the effect that such gravo case3 had been known to recover even after hope seemed at an end. He had kept his eyes carefully averted from the husband of the in jured woman whilst saying this. He had looked at him when first he entered the room, but he could not trust himself to look again. There was something terrible in Darkham's face—something hungry, ravenous. An animal stalking its prey might have looked like that. And now Darkham sat alone in his library thinking—thinking. They bad_ given it as their opinion that she would die—those two who had left—that she would die/ Would leave him free. Pree of her accursed company. A sort of fierce joy rose up and seized upon him. It caught and shook him. Pree! Pree! After all these years. Pree ! She was dying. Surely, certainly. In a few hours her breath would cease and no more would her odious, vulgar words and accents make him shrink and shudder. She would be gone to the Great Unknown, and he . And it would be none of his doing. None! Here the great passionate joy that thrilled him seemed to culminate. He would be rid of her without a single effort of bis own. Had he even dreamed of making an effort? . . . He would be quit of her in an hour or two—a day at latest. Surely the stars in their courses were lighting for him. What was it they had said, those two? that if if he pressed his hands, both of them, to his head—that if she lasted until morning she might recover! Pools! She would not recover. Death was on her face when last he saw her. Pshaw ! he was a better judge than either of them. Bland—an old man—too old —and Dillwyn—a young idiot who followed his leader naturally ! But he—he knew !—He who was in the prime of life and had studied death—and life—in all their varied ways. Yes, he knew! Siva, the Destroyer, lay hovering above the woman—whom the law called his wife—with outspread v/ings await ing the moment to descend and clutch bis prey. Soon—soon—let it be ! Oh ! to be delivered from her ! Prom this creature who made life a torture—who had dragged him with a chain all these intermin able years—the yearn of a marriage that liad damned him. When he could have risen that 'chain had nailed him to»the earth and clipped His koaring wings; had withered every moment of his life. Truly a young man starting in life should look well to the way he is going and should choose a wife meet for him. Marriage is net for an hour, but for all eternity sometimes ! This one however! 'It will not last so long. This marriage will end soon, thank He broke off abruptly. Who was he thank ing? He rose suddenly and went to the door. He would go upstairs and see how things were going on. He shook a little as he put his foot upon the first step of the stairs and looked back as if he would willingly change his mind and return to the library. But he overcame himself and went steadily upstairs. A terrible longing to make sure carried him up ward to the silent chamber, though he hardly confessed this to himself. He told himself that the nurses might wonder and talk if be did not show some attention to that hideous lay figure in the bed up there. So he went and entered the room and beckoned to the nurse in charge that she need Dot stay. She rose at his bidding and slipped through the farther door, glad enough to get away for an hour or so. Her employer was a doctor and the husband of the sick woman under her charge, and so she felt safe in leaving her. Besides which it was a hopeless case. The nurse had seen many such in the London hospitals, and-though some as bad had pulled through still the percentage lay the other wav. Darkham went up to where the silent figure lay and ruthlessly pulled back one of the curtains at the end of the old-fashioned bed stead. Id was a four- poster of great size and had been in the house when he had taken it. It bad not been exchanged for another more modern, as Mrs. Darkham, having been accus tomed to that sort of cumbrous bedstead in her lowly youth, had clung to it ever since. She would have that room for her own, she said, and Darkham knew it was because of the bedstead. The light from the dying day streamed in through the window and lay on the dull yellow face tbab rested on the pillow. It lib it up and showed it in all its ugliness. Darkham bent over it—lower—lower still and looked—and looked again. Was there a change ''.—was there ? Already the face looked like that of a corpse. The lips were a little parted, a3 if the strength to close them was gone, and tho upper teeth showed through them in a ghastly fashion. And yet it seemed to the husband bending over her that there was some slight return of strength, of consciousness, in the face beneath him. It was so slight as to be all but unseen by any, save one passionately interested either in her recovery or her death. If after all He bent still lower and then raised himself with a frown and a quick sigb. No, he had been mistaken. Death would" be her portion this night. The two men who had just left had said it; well, they were right. She would die to-nirUv He sat down in a distant armchair that still gave him a full view of the bed and gazed with an uncompromising sternness at the form thereon. How hideou3 she was, with the drop ping mouth, the yellow pallor, the dull buff of the hair, and the heavy fat eheelis. A very hatred of her sent a strong shudder through him. Heavens! how he hated her—alive as well as now—half dead ! Half dead ! He fell a-musing again. How deathlike she looked. How close to the last breath. Just a .step one way or the other—this way to life, that way to the grave. A touch, a single movement, and she would be beyond the line that divides the darkness from the light. Great heavens ! how, even in the helplessness of her, her face retains its old expression. The vulgar sneer still dominates it, the drawn lips are still replete with venom. "What a life he has had with her—a life ? nay a death. And now, when death takes her, life may still be open to him. Life enough—long enough—to grasp some sweet remnant of happinesstrat of the passing years. The night was descending, but out of the misty darkness of the room a girl's face stood —calm, cold, lovely. There from the end of the room it looked at him, the eyes shining clear as day and full of truth. They called to him, they beckoned him, thsy tempted him. He turned uneasily and rose and began to pace the room, stealthily, silently, yet with a sorb of cruel spring in every step. It was as though he could hardly keep himself in—as if some vitality within him was at work and urged him forward—forward—always for ward. Why had the accident been so slow a thing ! Heath, instantaneous death—how much more merciful it would have been to ber—to him. A heavier fall, by half an inch or so, and all would have been at an end ; there would have been no more room lefb for doubt—for fear— or for joy ! He did not mince matters to him self as he walked there to and fro like a caged lion. He was strong enough to tell him self the truth. (To be continued.) 