fMrg m& MMn. ORIGINAL POETRY. THE POWER OF TIME ' Time doUi transfix the nourish act oo youth, Anddeh- eitbepttaneUinBeantT'sbnTr.' —Shokapom. I met her at tbe mmqr dance, Exehsnzed Lotv'i smflntp eager r*wy. Inspired by beart« %itfc mptxm laden. I gated upon Her lovely face OnwhicbtieUooroofboUthTOtiiitttt, I marked her form of perfect grace. Where Beauty'B seal was ctearlv printed. Her ejes wre foil of lustrous lipht, I never saw optics «o epuldiiig. Her pearly teeth were mndrooa whrte. Ttae tout ouenbU «m quite startling. We spoke -* poetry tad prow. Of newest pictures in the gallery. Of drO servants* tearful woea. While M.LuA'e got dcnUe salary. Of Gordon's dasfaiiiK vases maalr,' And in the oasiut retreat. We marvelled at the phick -rf Stanley. Next morn while de« ?bone on tfae trees. We walked amid tbe BoWreta renal. And on the wings o* gentle fareen. Were borne my tovk of lore eternaL For six lone months 1 loved the maid. She iu my only earthly treasure, Her absence cast a gloomy shade O'er life and robbed sue of all pleasure. Her lather to a mtUtooaire, And he the heire e to his ridws, ilv heart saM.^na berfons heritebm.' And pressed war haul whene'er we parted, I know I never shall forget, Tbe bGaa that thron** my being dartirf. But nunshed is each aiiy dream. Of *eiBL8'seDt to ?wtly pape a. We met again in after yeax», When youth's exulting pulse in calmer. And I could not restzain my tears, it seeine tbe dangvs in tny thuntr, Her colour ni ettremely Hand, Her wife was not exactly slender, Her incteaaed woRbt «xs ray homd, UerlaopaayeanytJiin^bnttemiCT. Her name «u Mrs. John de Bronx, And far from fair wa* she tfaoo/h tarty ; She bad a vIIH oat often™. And fauneeu ^«'r*n^— very haaeVy , O Time : ttry hard relemleM hud. Is ehup as toneoe of Uadune 0niDdr. Thy yoodrocB power 1 nndastami. And flight Sic tmiuit gloria uamtli. toil A man full of spirits is not naturally given to sober reflection. Don't be afraid to speak well of yourself for there are plenty who are only too anxious to speak £11 of you. 'Who is that across the street?' 'Oh, that is a very dose friend of mine.*1 'Indeed!' M Yes, he never lends me a cent ** Parent: 'This is your birthday. Tommy. What can I do for yon that will canse you pleasure?' Tommy: 'Spank Johnny!' Wife: 'Too haven't been inside of a church since we were married !' P-rirnrti! : ' No ; a burnt child dreads tbe fire,' 'My lord,' said tbe foreman of an Irian jaey wbes giving in fajs verdict, 'we find tbe man who stole the mare not guilty.' Orpheus was a musician whose tnuaictoad power to draw rocks, etc, toward him. The modern street musician has the sane power. Mrs. Harris (newspaper in hand): 'A. movement is on foot to make «imjfr»^i»a» cheaper.' Bams : 'Good ! That vOl bring sutness within reach of aJL' ' When I grow up,' said Bob, ?- I'm f?mng to be an architect, and draw pictuns of big houses and make odier people build 'em and pay me (or letting 'em do iL' Mrs. Vauderdaro : ' Do you ever sweep under the bed*' Domestic: 'Oh, yes mum, olten. If 8 eo much moreaizy than a dust pan you know,' replied Bridget 'Isn't it about time you i-aid me that bill?' eaid Stnbbs to one of his debtors. ' My dear sir,' was the consoling reply, ' it's not a question of time, it's a question of money !' He : ' Tm going to the Old Chum's dinner to- nieht, lore.' She: 'But sorely not in a dress soil?' 'Of course; Why not f ' It will look so oat of Dlace to come home in it in broad daylight.' When Mrs. Parvenn was poor they used to say she iras a great talker, bnt since she became rich it is different.'' 'Indeed. What do they say now*,' 'they say she is a bril. liant couvettationalist.** ' What do yon think of tiie statement that there are three hundred haunted booses in Near VorkT asked Mr. Knickerbocker. ' Oh,' replied Jones, ' that only ghost to show how plentiful spirits are here.' MHjinnis: 'So Jones is married T Murray : 'Yes, he married a girl who haG nine married sisteES.' 'Why did he do that ?'; 'I suppose he wanted a motber-in-law who could not devote ill her time to him.' 'Mother, don't the angels wear any clothes ♦' asked a little Texas fiiri of her mother. 'No, my daughter.' There was a pause, and the little girl asked : ' Where do the angels put their pocket-handkerchiefs V Probably the first 'cooking-school' product on record is the famous pie whose fonoand twenty blackbirds were so underdone that they began to sing as soon as it was opened. Heiress : ' What kind of a man should a society woman marry V Philosopher: 'A newspaper man by all meana.' 'Dearne! Why!' 'Because hell nerer be at .home enough to know that yon are always away from home.' Bingo : ' Did yon succeed in cutting down on your shopping expenses this ?npp^i. ?? ( requested V Mrs. Bingo: 'Oh, yes, indeed, dear. Ton know that nice woollen under wear yon wanted ? Well, I got something in cotton much cheaper.' 