SOME QUEER TRADES. eo is A curious vocation is that of the n men who sit on the London sidewalks is drawing pictures on the flags in parti coloured chalk. At night they bring roughly extemporised lanterns to bear d on their work, a hat is then placed alongside to receive contri butions from passers-by. Sometimes A they get quite a little money from n foreigners who are struck by the n novelty of the idea. And as things go, it is an easy enough way to make a living. There is another set of men in London who pick up a precarious living by giving curb-stone recitations. For the small sum of sixpence (col l lected in advance) they will recite a L- poem, impressively enough, and then a seek another street-corner to repeat s the performance. Not long since, I s discovered a man in New York who a makes a specialty of matching lost b buttons. His shop, a dingy little low e ceilinged room, was surrounded by I shelves on which were piled boxes of .l buttons of all sorts and conditions. I While I was there a girl came in and a asked him if he had any like those on her jacket. He took down several specimens, and presently found one F which he sewed on. She paid him ten cents. That is the usual price, though rare buttons sometimes come higher. 1 At regular intervals he goes round collecting buttons among tailors and , dressmakers, who save them for him I and sell them very cheap. He has a set of regular customers, and they rarely go away without finding exactly what they want. A rather curious little industry \- which flourishes on the river front is t the sale of second-hand canaries. The birds are purchased after they have lost their voices or contracted some disease, and are dyed until their out s ward appearance is attractive, but out of a dozen there is not one that is capable of uttering a single note. They are sold at considerable profit, usually to verdant gentlemen from the suburban districts, or to Italian women who convert them into fortune-telling "Indian birds" and exhibit them on I the strcet corners of Gotham. During a ramble in the Italian quarter of New York I once came across a curious con cern which does a thriving business. It is an organ hospital, where hand organs are doctored and " brought up to date." It was a barn-like room, filled with rows of barrel and piano organs old and new. " Comrades" was being hammered with steel tacks into one, while " Maggie Murphy's Home " was being impressed in the same fashion upon another. Another of the curious institutions of Gotham is a "pet hotel," where families going out of town can lodge their dogs, cats, or birds. The charge for caring for these domestic pet averages anywhere from fifty cents to two dollars a week. There is a gentleman in the Bowery who makes a specialty of painting over black eyes, and at times he does a thriving business. If you have been out with " the boys" and got into a fight in which your face is damaged. this artist will disguise all tell-tale marks of dissipation and thus save you many embarrassing excuses. I know a man in New York who has a trade that is decidely unique. Hei bought an old dismantled tug-boat that had been sunk, and obtained per mission to anchor it in the upper bay offBedloe's Island. Here this sparrow mariner lives all the year round, and turns an honest penny by allowing becalmhned schooners and storm- tossed canal-boats to tie up to him for the night, charging so much per hour. In heavy weather his receipts are quite large. There is anoth?r enterprising I individual who runs . I;rn Gretna Green on the top fl?.,r f an oitice building in Upper Broadway, where eloping couples can be united "by legal contract" without going through the formality and publicity of a church wedding. So, again, there are quite a number of women in the French quarter whoact as professional match makers. They charge 3 per cent. com mission on the marriage portion, -hich the bridegroom has to pay. There is another set of women in New York who make a business of dusting valuasble china and bricd -brac while others have a speciality of arranging dinner-tables. An industry which is not catalogued in the list of trades is that of grey hair pulling, but a few women in New York make their living in this way. A singular occupation for women in London is that of "conversation crammer," whose business it is to coach up ladies for dinner parties. In the Rue de la Chaussee d'Antin, in Paris, there is a man who furnishes pro fessional diners-out at a fixed tariff rate. Itisto him that superstitious hosts apply at the last moment when t they require a fourteenth guest. There is a human-hair market at Morlons, in France, where girls offer their tresses to the shearer, who goes c round every alternate Friday. The scarcest of hair is pure white, and, this being the colour for court coifures r throughout Europe, the demand for it is on the increase. "Convent hair" is also an article highly prized by the trade. When a young woman takes the veil her hair is cut off and the tresses are sold for the benefit of the convent] As the hair is cut pretty close to the head, the tresses are b usually long, and thus "convent hair" t has a special value. Most of the false hair, however, which comes upon the h market is imported from Canton, where it is taken from the heads of a beggars, criminals, and corpses. As is well known, dog-barbers form an important trade in Paris, and the appearance of the French poodles which are seenabout the streets gives evidence of their skill Shaving corpses is another peculiar branch of the tonsorial art. Yet there are barbers who make a specialty of it, and who earn more than those who shave living persons. I know of a man on Centre Street, in New York, who was once a plain journeyman barber, and who had to work fourteen hours a day in order to pay rent and buy food. One day an undertaker in the vicinity had a corpse who needed a shave, and he d sent for the barber, who went down and made a beautiful job of it. That ] was the starting point. To- dlay he p has more business than he can attend to, and keeps a couple of men whom ie he calls on when the corpses come too s The echo-destroyer is a specialist who is in demand for halls and churches r whose acoustic properties are faulty. n He remedies the fault by a scientific . stringing of wires. Time was when the professional ghost-hunter was n accounted an important personage. e This profession has recently revived, and at least one gentleman finds it e sufficiently profitable to pay for the n printing of circulars which he has addressed to " landlords, house-agents, and those whom it may concern," in 1- which he states that he 'will be pleased a to investigate and report upon any n reputed haunted house, ascertaining the cause of, and putting a stop to, all seemingly unaccountable shrieks, cries, o groans, and spirit-rappings, at the shortest notice." The following adver tisement, which I recently cut from a New York daily, suggests another decidedly odd calling:-" Unruly and wayward boys disciplined at parents' residence." There is a Chinaman in a San Francisco named Moy Hoe, who is employed to seek out and gather e together the bones of his deceased a countrymen for shipment back to China. h In following this curious occupation he travels incessantly from one end of the United States to the other. To parade Broadway in the grab of an Indian with a view to advertising dumb-bells is another curious mode of keeping the wolf from the door. But probably the queerest living advertise ment of all is the "Lone Fisherman," who sits on a Fourteenth Street roof s from morning until night catching s imaginary fish in invisible water. e Another odd way of making a living is that of the men who sits in side the chess automation at the Eden Museum. There are some people who earn a livelihood by picking up peach stones and making baskets out of them. Others, again, wash postage-stamps a and sell them for new. I know one man in New York who hires out artificial teeth, and another who is a 1 pawn-ticket broker. His method is to attend a sale, buy in goods, and then repawn them. After that he floats tickets. There is another individual of my acquaintance who earns a neat i if not most prosaic living by winding clocks in different parts of the city, each day taking a different route. Tea-tasting is a rather queer profession, yet there are about two hundred men in New York who make a living by it. They get from seventy-five to one hundred and fifty dollars a week. The habits of the men are exceedingly curious. So are their offices. To drift into one of these places and find a man sitting half-dreamily at a re volving table and sipping alternately from forty or fifty different cups, as with monotonous and regular move ment of the hand he revolves the itable, would be a surprise to the average unsuspecting citizen. Some times a curiously contrived sign will give an out-of-the-way flavour to a commonplace calling. Thus the name "umbrella hospital" invests parasol mending with a certain whimsical interest, and the quaint legend over a country cobbler's door, "Soles saved here," does the same for shoe-mending. I remember once seeing a singular announcement over a photograph gallery. It read, " Misfit photographs for sale." This, the proprietor told me, brought him many customers. Mothers, for example, with little children, often bought pictures of children with long hair, when that of their own had not grown, and sent them to friends at a distance. Brides' photographs, he said, also sold very well. " Plots of Novels for Sale. Prices Reasonable." So runs a sign in the window of a little shop on a street running off the Strand, which I dis covered on my last visit to iLondon. On making inquiries, I found that the occupant of the shop was a paralytic college student, who had conceived the idea of making a living by selling skeletons of stories. The success of this original business is remarkable. The plot-maker drives a paying trade with writers for the cheap papers. Another curious calling is that of a "seriver." These worthies manufacture the cards for the sham cripples and bogus blind men who infest large cities. London is singularly prolific of these impostors. They mostly emanate from two or three common lodging-houses. The most popular of these, to which I obtained admission, is known as "The Dispensary." It is here that the "scrivers" hang out, and an industri ous one can live comfortably on his talents. The professional beggars of Paris have an organ of their own, called the Journal des 3?endicants ("Beggars' Journal"). It appears twice a week, and is quite a well managed paper. A recent issue con tained, among, others, the following curious advertisement:-" Wanted to engage, a cripple for a sea-side resort. Good references and a small deposit required." This announcement is not by any means to be regarded as a hoax. The proprietors of hotels and boarding-houses at fashionable water ing-places assume that visitors would be disposed to give alms if an oppor tunity were afforded them, and, as they cannot very well do the begging themselves, they engage professional beggers, to whom they grant permission to solicit alms on their premises, and the beggars in return pay them one half of their daily receipts. This advertisement had reference to an arrangement of this kind. This list of queer occupations might be extended ad infinitum, but space forbids. These are a few of the more curious calling I have come across in the course of my wanderings; they could be met with only in our own time and in such capitals as London or New York, where the population in general has not the faintest idea how some small parts of that popula tion lives. It is caution which deserves repetition, not to gotothe fire oncoming in from a walk in the cold;it is a practice which pro duces a congestion of the blood vessels, and, secondarily, a red nose. To wash the face in cold water when overheated is also unde sirable, and is frequent cause of disfigaring pimples. 