Lltornrv Hews, Rotos. Etc. The Queen of Ttaly ia not going te be outdone by " Carmen Sylva" in the flowery walk, of Utera turo She bag HCoa fur her sumner holidays (says the .litlittifrum) la the valley* south of Monto Bos», and has employed the time most industriously m collecting the folk lore of the country. She docs this under the association« llalxana U Poll lort, and we arc further informed that Bhc obeys the professors at the head of the association with a most gracious docility. The nprint of the illustrated edition of Tenny- son's poems which was issued in 1857, but has long Vron out of print and scarce, will bo shortly pub lifl ed 1 y ITpRsrR Micnullau and Co It may ho fur^ntten by now that among the artists who con trihutcd to this edition were Sir John Mallala, Mr Holman Hunt, Mulrcady, Rossetti, and Macllse A limited number of copies mill le issued on hand made paper with illustrations printed on Japanese papi r, and mounted in the text The * Kelmscott" edition of Tennyson s " Maud," with decorations by William Morris, printed on hand made paper Bt the Kelmscott Press, and bound in vellum, is just ready. Only 500 copies, however, havo been printed. Following the uow practice oE Constantinople, several of the public schools in tho Turkish pro- vinces arc being converted into hoarding schools. Messrs. Macmillan and Co. 'will «hortly publish a revised reprint of the striking memoir of the late Bishop Lightfoot, which appeared in the Quarterly Review for January. The present Bishop of Durham has contributed « prefatory note. Sirs. HodgBon Burnett's new book, " The One I Knew Best of All," with illustrations by Reginald Birch, will be issued by Messrs. Warne and Co. The same firm will publish Mr. Silas K. Hocking's new volume " One in Charity," illustrated by Har-, old Brown. The publication of Mr. S. J. Adair Fitz-Gcrald's new novel is postponed until the spring. . Freeman, the historian (says Scribner), conld not appreciate Browning. He could not under- stand why a poet should seek to be obscure, " ' At dinner' (he wrote in 1884) ' I eat opposite to Brown- ing, and lound that in private life ho was much like another man. I had thought that his Corni talus, the Browning Society, would follow him everywhere to explain what he said. But if B man can talk to be undoistood, why can't he write to be understood ? But those things are not ia my line-Homer and Macaulay for me-them I ein understand/ Of the Lays of Ancient Rome Mr. Freeman was exceedingly fond, He liked their stirring lines and fine musical cadence. He knew them all by heart, and often, as we walked over the hills on a summer afternoon, he would recite, with great feeling and fine effect, poem after poem. He was so averse to any lack oE clearness, that in his own writings ho almost went to the other extreme, and is often accused of too much repetition. To avoid all ambiguity ho frequently repeated a word several times instead of using its pronoun, or ' the former* and 'the latter.'" Freeman was preceded in his aversion to "former" and "latter" by Samuel Johnson, who avoided using tbem because they would put the reader to the trouble of going back to see who '* former" and " latter" were. Curious extracts are made by the Leisure Hour from a dictionary of the times of James I. Some of the words and their meanings are appended : " Herctickc He which maketh choice of himself e what poynts of .Religion he will beleeve, and what hce will not; Lunacie, A disease, when at certaine times of the Moone one is distracted in bia wits j Myiholor gie, An exposition of Poets riddles ; Necromancy, Divination by calling up Devils, or dead men's ghosts," Hera is the description of a crocodile " a Beast batched of an Egge, yet some of them grow to a gi eat bignesse, as 10,20, or 30 foot in length t it hath cruell teeth and scaly backe, with very sharpe dawes on his ícete ¡ if it see a man afraid of him, it will eagerly pursue bim, but on the contrary, if nea he assaulted, hee will shun him. Having eaten the body of a mau, it will weepe over the head, but in fine eate the hewl aho ; thence came the Proverbe, he abed Crocodile teares -viz., fained teares." The lynx is described as " a spotted beast" that "hath a most perfect sight, in so much as it is said that it can see thorow a wall." Mrs. Crosland, in her reminiscences, mentions that when Douglas Jerrold was writing the famous curtain lectures in Punch women wrote to him ask- ing him to drop them, She was " invited to a friendly midday dinner at the Jerrolds', who were then residing in a pleasant country house at Put- ney. Towards the close of the meal a packet arri- ved-proofs, I fancy ; ab any rate Douglas Jerrold opened u letter which visibly distuibed him. ' Hark at this,' he said, after a little while : and then he proceeded to read a really patbeiic, though not very well-expressed, letter from an aggrlered matron, who appealed to bun to discontinue or modify the Caudle Lectures. She declared they were bring- ing dlBcord into families and making a multitude of women miserable." A prominent feature in the interesting" Pictures from ¿"wicfc," now being issued from Punch olfice, is the cover sketch by Sir John. Tenniel, in which our good friend Punch is shown astride of four fiery steeds, who carry the respectivo tillen of Europe, Asia, Africa, America. What has become of Aus- tralia ? Are we to assume that Melbourne Punch has cut tbo parent organ out of Australia favoui, and tlmt the Antipodean Continent is nour to be ignored by our genial Fleet Street contemporary, by way #f retaliation P Mr, R, Ward's nmance, " Supplejack," which is announced by Messrs, Chapman and Hall, w11) con I tain much interesting matter descriptive of the manners, customs «to,, of the Maories, at a lime previous to the Bettlcroent of tbe Colony of New Zen'ond, Messrs, Macmillan announce ft volume deiiUn« with the extremely varied and adventurous earour of two IKwgllBlt llftdies-Mlsg ». A. JiluunerbusBctt and Mis» Ijucy Sleeman, bettor known J» Manboiio litud tw Sisters Aluile »nd Lucy, They were lho Aral white women to penetrate Into that part of South A frío». Mujer Arthur tirifllths' new work " Kociots of tim Prison House." which Messrs. Chapman mid Hull are publishing, Is a norie» of gsol «ludios eui «ketches touching prison life in almost every part i.M lu-woi Id. It ranges from rlwuudcn and Nor' way in ilia West to Japan and China lu the J£u»t' and Is fully illustrated, Hut for a single balf-sbeet Dr, Wllls's edition o' tim «JIHIIUII lu all in typ«, with the '¿und, Pali le vi Sanskirt, lind Pendan ti-ht«, triiiiülatíootí, and com. nienUry, »naVlug CM pages. The old issue of Oil* work wa« finished with the co«om<'Ut»ry lu Jb30. The hoolr («»ya Mi« Aiten'rvm) will lae )irou¡;M out in Its entirety at once. j Lord Howe Island is no longer behind the times It has brought its first divorce case under the notice of Judge Windeyer, and is )p:oportlonately proud. 