POLITICAL & SOCIAL NOTES. Fon thc murder committed in March last, the criminal Archer suffered the extreme penalty of the law nt Darlinghurst Gaol on Tuesday morning. To tho very last he asserted Iiis innocence of thc offence, and in so doing went, so I believe, into eternity with a lie upon his lips. His denial of the crime may be regarded ns an' expression of moral casuistry. In conversation, since his con- demnation, with ono of Iiis acquaintances he. made n rcmnrk of this kind " If it was true I violated the woman who lost her life, it is equally true that I had no intention of mur- dering her." What ho mennt by his decor- ation of innocenc was probably that ho killed the woman accidently, and Without malice prepense, and was therefore not guilty of wilful murder. He might have said that right out; but apparently he believed that nothing was to bo gained by doing so. My experience of condemned criminals in New South A Val us is, that up to the last moment they aro hopeful of a reprieve ; and for that reason, not many of those who have been executed during tho past few years have admitted their guilt. ARCHER made n speech from the scaffold, nnd is tho only subject of the extreme pennlty of the law who has done so for ninny years. Tn taking this course ho only pro- longed tho agony which he was suffering ; certainly it, did no good so far as his réput- ation is concerned. Of the detectives who sheeted homo his crime to him, he spoke very bitterly, but he referred in affectionate terms to his wife und child. Considering how dis- loyal ho had boen to his wife, his expressions of regard for her were not worth much. Ile wns ii lind fellow, and, ns tho police records prove, ho lind caused the ruin of severnl young women. A thorough-paced scoundrel, lie never deserved nny sympathy, and the fate ho met to-dny ho richly deserved. The execution wns n grout bungle, the worst indeed that has over occurred in Darling- hurst gaol. But thc papers have given details of the nitulr, and I need not repeat them. One sees, however. Old Testament retri- butive justice in the bungling. Archer's victim was slowly choked to death, und the choking iu his own case was also slow. From tho time he dropped until ho died , ten minutes elapsed. Tho hangman, it may bo supposed, will be hauled over the coals for his hud workmanship. Sm HENRY.PAR.KEB addressed his constitu- ents Inst night, but tho meeting -was not nearly so successful ns he hoped it would'bo. Thu hall in' which ho spoke- n small one wns only about halt full, iind'n large number of people cleared out before the speaker had : nearly completed hts remarks. During the first hoar Sir Henry was very dull, and the audience, as I have already intimated, became extremely weary. He livened up a bit daring the last hour, bat even then he was far below the Parkes of five or six years ago. Of course, he had a fling at Mr. BARTON, but he did not do himself any good by that action. He simply proved that he was intensely jealous of the Attorney General, and recognised that the bitter has probably as much influence in Australia us himself. Referring to political affairs gener- ally, he expressed the opinion that it was tho duty of the Government to dissolve Par- liament next October. Doubtless, it would please the old man, and all the office hunters, if Sir GEOROB DIBBS were to act upon this opinion, but there is not the ghost of a chance of his doing anything of the .kind. Moreover, it would he foolish to do so, because the work of the redistribution com- mission has to be approved by the Assembly before it receives Executive sanction; and after that, new rolls have to be prepared before nn election, under the present new Act, can take place. If, therefore. Parlia- ment meets in September, the end of the year will have arrived before the new rolls have been prepared. Sir Henry, it would seem, is tired of being out of office, but he will remain out for some time longer. MB, VARNEY PARKES has decided not to offer his services again to any constituency in East Sydney, and he is working for a " call " from one of the. Central Cumberland dis- tricts. At the last general election he was a member of a bunch of candidates who were run for East Sydney, and for that reason was returned. Mr. M'MILLAN carried him into Parliament on his shoulders. But in voting for him, the electors soon discovered that they had acted foolishly, andthey made up their-minds not to repeat their, folly. Varney evidently has faith in the proverb which teaches that discretion is the better part nt valour, and, therefore, he will not fight for any Sydney seat. Last Saturday he held a meeting at Liverpool, for the purpose of announcing that, he would bo a candidate for the seat which the people of that slow old town would have at their disposal next year. It was stated that he had convened the meeting at the request of some of the inhabitants,' who were convinced that a better man to represent them in Parliament than Vnrney parkes could not be obtained. But only about 1(X) persons wore at the meeting, and they did not appear to have ns good an opinion of Varney Parkes as the latter has of himself, for they did not request him to become a candidate for their suff- rages. On the contrary, they conveyed that by waiting, they would probably obtain the services of a much better man. It seems to me that Varney's chances of getting a seat in tho next Parliament ure uot very bright. THE Sydney magistrates are trying to repress disorderly men, by sending to gaol instead of fining those found guilty pf disorderly con- duct. And it .is likely the experiment will be successful. Several of these gentry were greatly astonished the other day when they Were sent toJDarlinghuist, instead of being required to pay, as they expected would be tho case, about 40s, n-piece and costs. They pleaded to be. let ott with the fine ; but the magistrate was obdurate. They would not dread the gaol very ; much if they were treated its the prisoners suffering long sen- tences are,;- but during their stay there, they are to sleep on a. plank bed. and bu fed with bread and .water.only. No discipline in the world is moro effective than this in milking a.rough reflect,before giving expression to his hoodlum tendencies. Years ago I had a conversation with a man who lind spent seven days in a country gaol, under similar conditions regarding food and sleeping ac- commodation to those ' referred to, and he told iiie that the experience would never bu forgotten by him.- puring the week he fell away about a stone, and the mental effect was even, worse, "i In Sydney we have treated the temporary occupants of tho gaol too leniently; they, hilve had better food than many of them werèsitccustomed to outside, lind therefore did not think anything of ii fortnight's incarceration. Tho nuw order of things ian great deal butter than thc old. TUB trades unions are not contributing very liberally, towards the support of tho seamen who have gone put on strike ; in fact, so far, they *hnve cpritribute'd hardly anything. Probably the explanation of this is that the unions ennsider/that tho sailors made fools of themselves ip.tprowing up their employment in a ti me of severe commercial depression. I know that "many\of the members of the several unions are of this.'opinion. Most of the mechanics and labourers .in< the city have had to submit to a reduction in their wages, and they do/ not see why they should rally round.8ailors-a.nd firemen because the latter have, benn t treated in a similar manner. Nothing is more certain than that the strike will- collapse, and it will do so not only because seamen to take the place of the strikers can tie obtained, but also hecause the strikers will not get practical sympathy from tho other working men in New South Wales. MAJOR-GKNKRAI. HUTTON is greatly pleased with the appearance of tho men who consti- tute the military forces of New South Wales, blithe does not appear to have a high opinion of the knowledge and ability of the officers generally. Many of thc men, he has declared, are in advance of their officers. Long ago some of th« civilians discovered all this, and the discovery was one ot the reasons that led to the appointment of thc Military Commis- sion a few months ago. Several of the officers were doubtless up to thc mark, hut the remainder were mere ornaments, and would have been'useless in thc -presenco of an enemy. They were, however, great at balls, dinners, and social entertainments generally. Under Major-General Hutton they will have to become expert and smart, or clear out of the service, for he has made up his mind that he will stand,no..nonsense. In . connection with local military matters he will, I am con- fident, get as good a reputation amongst intelligent citizens as Mr. Eddy got in con- nection with the railways. 