ALL ALONG TIE By MISS M. E. BRADDOU, Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "Thfi Venetians, or All in Honor," "Aurora "Floyd," " The Cloven Foot," " Dead Men's Shoes," "Just as I Am," "Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Weft," &c.;, &c.; [Published by Bpecial arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved.] Chapter XI.—/ Continued.} Mr. Colfox sighed and smiled at the same moment, a sad little half-cynical smile. He was thinking how impossible it was to refrain from admiring this bright oufc-spoken girl, with her quick intellect and her artistic instincts, so spiritual, so unworldly, and fresh as an April morning—how impossible not to admire, how dillicult nob to love her and how futile to love. He thought of himself with scathing self contempt — middle-aged, homely of feature and of figure, with nothing to recommend him except good birth, a small independence—just so much as enabled him to live where he pleased and serve whom he would, without reference to the stipend attached to the cure; and a little rusty, dry-as-dusb learning. Nothing more than this; and he wanted to win and wed a girl whose image never recurred to his mind without the suggestion of a rose garden or a summer morning. Yes, she reminded him of morning and dewy red roses, those old-fashioned heavy red ross3, round as a oup and breathing sweetest perfume. He jogged on by her side in silence and only awoke from his reverie to bid her good-bye at the gate of a cottage garden in the lane that led up to the hill to Tywardreath. Mr. Colfox and Allegra meb again in the drawing roomof theAngler's Nest at a quarter to eight. He was the firsb to arrive, and Isola had not yet appeared. Martin Disney was at his post in front of the library fireplace, library and drawing-room making one spacious room, lighted with wax candles here and there and with one large shaded lamp on a table near the piano. Isola had been suffering from head ache and had been lata in dressing. Captain Hulbeit had been in the room nearly tea minutes before his hostess appeared, looking pale and ill in her black lace dinner gown and with an anxious expression in her eyes. He had been introduced to Allegra and was talking to her as if he had known her for years, when his attention was called off by Isola's appearance and his introduction to her. Was this Martin Disney's wife, he thought wonderingly—such a girlish fragile creature so unlike the woman he had pictured to him self. Strange that Lostwichiel should not have told him of her delicate prettiness, seeing that he was a connoisseur in beauty and hyper critical. . "This is just the kind of beauty he would admire," thought Hulbert, " something out of the common—a pale, spiritual beauty not dependenb upon coloring or even upon regu larity of feature—the kind of thing ^one calls soul, not having a better name for it." They went in to dinner presently, Captain Hulbert and Isola, Mr. Colfox and Allegra. The table was a small oval, at which five people made a snug little party. There weie leathery white chrysanthemums, relieved bv a cheerful glow of colored Venetian glass, deli catest pink and jade green, under the light of a hanging moderator lamp. John HulberJ looked round him with a pleased expression taking in the flowers, the glass, the delicatr cream-white china, the lamp light, every thing; and then the two fair young faces one pale and pensive, the other aglow with the delight of life, eagerly expectant of new They talked of the Vendetta and the places at which she had touched lately. Captain Hulbert had spent his summer on the Eastern Liguria, between Lerici and Civita Vecchia. "Wasn't it the wrong time of year for Italyasked Mr. Colfox. . i "No, it is the season of seasons m the lancf of the sun. If you want to enjoy a southern country go there in the summer. The south is made for summer, her houses are built for hot weather, her streets are planned for shade in midsummer; her wmes, her food, her manners and customs have all been marie for summer time—not for winter. If you want to know Italy at her worst go there in cold I weather." " Where did you leave Lord Lo3twithiel. Disney asked presently. "I left him nowhere. He left me-to rove about Southern Europe—left me on his way tc Carinthia. He is like the Wandering Jew. He used to be mad about yachting; but he go( sick of the Vendetta aU of a sudden ana handed her over to me. Very generous on his part, but the boat is something of a white ele phant for a man of my small means. _ I wanted him to sell her. Wouldn't hear of it. To jet her. Not to be thought of. ' I'll lend her to you,'he said, 'and you shall keep her as long as you like—sink her if you like—so long as vou don't go down in her. She is not a lucky boat" " Have you sailed her long t "Nearly a year, and I love her as if she were bone of my bone and flesh of my Let us all go for a sail to-morrow, Sirs. Disney—to Mevagissoy or thereabouts, vve could do a little fishing. _ It will be capita! fun. What do you say, Mis3 Leland V " I should adore it," said Allegra, beaming at him. "The sea is my passion—and I- thiol; it is Mrs. Disney's passion too. W© are a kmri of amphibious creatures, living more on water than on land. We venture as far as we dare in a row boat—but oh, that is such a little way. " I am afraid sometimes that you will ven ture so far that you won't be able to get basic again and will find yourselves drifting away to America," said her brother. Isola answered never a word until Captain Hulbert addressed her pointedly for the second time. _ . "Will you go, Mrs. Disney—may we make up the party 2" ... " I would rather not," she answered, with out looking at him. -But why not), Are you sucn a oaa<sauor— in spit6 of all Miss Leland says of you ?" " I am a pretty good sailor in a row-boat— bub nob in a yaclib. And I hate fishing—such a slow weary business. I would rather nob go." " I am so sorry, bub you must not be worried about it," said Hulbsrb kindly, seeing the growing distress in her countenance. "We will not go in for fishing—or excursions—but you and Mis3 Leland will at leasb come to afternoon tea on the Vendetta—to afternoon tea in the harbor. There used to be a comic song when I was a boy—' Come and drink tea in the arbor.' You must come to the arboi with an aspirate. It is not so rustic or senti mental—but there will be no earwigs or creep ing things to drop into your tea cup. Mr. Colfox, you will come, won't you ?" "I shall be delighted," answered the curate. " I have a sneaking kindness for all yachts." The conversation drifted back to Lostwithie1 and his works and ways presently. "When he went home three years ago hi gave me to understand he was going to settli down at the Mount and lead a quiet life for the rest of his days," said Captain Hulberb. "Yet three months afterwards he and his yachb were off again like the Tlyipg Dutchman, and the next I heard of him was at Leghorn, and six months later he was coasting off Algiers and Tangier; and the following spring he was in South America, and the Vendetta was laid up at Marseilles, where he begged me to go and look after her, and take her to myself until such time as he should want her again. I was with him for a few days at Leghorn, where he seemed ill and out of spirits. I don't think you can have used him over well in this part of the world, Mrs. Disney," he added half in jest. " I fancy some of you must have snubbed him severely, or his tenants must have worried him by their complaints and exactions. I could not get him to talk about his life at the Mount. Ho seemed to have taken a disgust for the old home." "You must put that down to his roving tamper," said Disney, "for although I was away at the time, I can answer for it there was no such thing as snubbing in the case. Your brother is the only peer in these parts, and from the way people talk about him he might be the only peei in Great Britain—the Alpha and Omega of Debrett. Our parvenu neighbor, Mr. Crow ther, talked of him one night with a slavisl rapture which made me sick. I am a Tory b; association and instinct, but I can't stand th vulgarian's worship of a lord." Isola looked at her sister-in-law and the; both rose at this moment, the Church almo3 tumbling over the Navy in eagerness to ope: the door, Navy winning by a neck. They were nob long alone in the drawing room, nob more than the space of a single cigarette, before the men followed. Then came musio and a good deal of talk in the long, low, spaoious room, whibh looked so_ bright and homely by candlelight, with all its tokens of domestic and intelleotual life. "What a capital quarter-deck this is," cried John Hulbert, after pacing up and down while he listened and talked and laughed at Alle gra's little jokes about the narrowness of village life. "It is delightful to stretch one's legs in such a room aB this after six months upon an eighty-ton yacht." "You will have room enough to stretch your legs at the Mount," said Disney. Captain Hulbert had announced his inten tion of spending a week or two under the family roof-tree while the Vendetta underwent some slight repairs and renovations. "Room enough and to spare," he said. "I shan't feel so jovial walking up and down those grim old rooms as I feel here. I shall fancy a ghost pacing behind me, clump, clump clump—a slow, solemn footstep—only theeono of my own ^,-,0 i •< 1 hap3; but I shall never know, for I shad b..- .-.ii aid to look round." ( To be continued. J 