MEETING NIGH!1. The German professor, when he had fin ished our lesson, and was waiting for tho thunder shower to pass— for, though bo bad brouaht bi3 big blue umbrella, be did not caietofncu tbi flashes of lightning— suddenly turned to us, nnd said : ' It was exactly such an evening as this I saw Leopold — ' Wo looked up at mm and waited. Wo knew be was about to tell us a story ; ho al ways began in this waj, without preface. 'In my native village,' ho said, 'people believe that whoever will go alone to tho cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which we call ' Meeting Night,' and with his own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write the namo of a dead friend in tho form of a cross at tho foot of the altar, may see thnt friend nnd speak to him. People be lieve this, but very few ever try tbo spell. When it comes to the point, ghosts scarcely prove satisfactory; and writing in one's own blood is rather a solemn procecding,especially in an empty church at midnight. 11 Ono man who hnd lost his sweetheart did it. They said he, anw her, but he bled to death from tho wound he gave himself to got the blood, having accidentally severed an artery. ' When I left tho town, the custom was spoken of ns amongst the things of the past. I left in baste. 1 bad bnd a qunrrel with my cousin Leopold. The quarrel was about a lady I loved. Fritz Wagner told mo tome- . thing that made me furious nnd I challenged Leopold on thcspo£. We met in tho great open olenring in tbo heart of the pinowoods often used beforo for the same purpose. It was dawn— tho pink dawn of summer. I can sec him now, stand ing, handsome nnd tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, bis sword in his hand. He looked nt me reproachfully, but not angrily. I was furious. The word was given. I did my best to wound him. Ho merely defended himself. Then he Iny on the ground at iry feet, nnd my iccoud hurried me away, put on my coat, nnd dragged me to where a car riage awaited me. ' ' Go 1' he said. ' The quicker tho better! You bnve killed your cousin Leopold. Ibis place will not be safe for you. ' The conchman drove furiously. As for me, I was in a sort of dream. ? Had I killed Leopold whom I loved so?'. I nsked myself. Then I replied : ' Ho deserved it. Ho de served it. I did well.' ' Tho next dny I left Germany. 1 oamo to Australia. I established myself hero. Ono day, in the midut of tbc great throng in Col lins Street, I met Fritz Wayucr. He looked like a ghost — gray, hollow-cheeked — scarcely more than a skeleton. ' ' You see It,' ho said, ns I glanced nt him; 'I am dying. This Is my address. Do not come until I send for you ; but when I do, come nt once. Swear it,1 ? ' ' My friend,1 Isaid, ' lot mo come before that. Lot mo help you if I can.' , -? ? £To,' ho B»id, ' no ; ' and turned away. ' lui-et) mouths attorwnrds n- mc&scruril; came to mo nt midnight, nnd Baid : ' ' Fritz Wagner has sent for you.1 ' I found him dying-, but he had strength to apeak. ? ' ' Frederick,' bo said, ' I have a confession to mako. I lied about Thercse. I was in lovo with her. When I said I saw.her kiss Leopold and all tbo rest, It wns truo enough j but tho Leopold was her sislcr's little baby, named after your cousin. You understood that I raoaut the man. I took bit ??tn to tdo train bi my.stntemont. For that, I Km Buffering the torruen Ib of tho lost.' ' With theso terrible words on bis lips, he died. '? And nov remorse seized mo. I suffered agonies when I remembered my truo . love, Tbercse, and, my dear cousin, J,eopold. 1 could not rest. I knew nothing of the fate of my friends in Germany, but I resolved nt lost to return and see Tbercse, who, if she lived, was forty ycara old, and beg her for giveness, and to give myself up to tho authori ties as my cousin's murderer. ThiB, I fancied, would bo an expiation. ' I bade adieu, as I believed, to Australia forever, and sailed in tho ncxtstcamcrfor my native homo. 'I travelled many miles over land to reach tho village after leaving tho ocean. At last I reached it late on the night of a stormy summer day. I walked from tho station to the hotel, arid on my way the lightning flashed through tbo heavens. I passed a tree riven from top to root by n recent stroke, and saw at my feet a little dead bird, killed when the great pino was smitten. ' I stopped and laid it nsido on Ihe moss. As I did so a feather fell from its broken wing, and on tho instant it occurred to me that this very night wns tho mystic Meeting Night, and that it wns with tho quill of a bird that one wrote Ihn nnrne of tho spirit one wished to meet at the altar's foot. I had little faith in the superstition ; but I was in a strange mooJ, and beyond shone the win dows of the cathedral, open tiny or night to any worshipper. ' I- seized the little q.iill. I tuned my steps toward thesae-red'cdifice. It was empty. I entered. The Ik-Ms burn palely, few nnd far between. I posjo-l np tha niale, nnd kneeling, took a knife from my pneket and cut my finger slightly ; then, bavin.,' poi.itcd the little quill, I dipped it in my blood and wrote tbo nnrao of LenpuM. The tbuisder rolled overhead ns I did so. Tho colors of the (painted windows grew brilliant as the lightning flashed, nnd then again were dim and dusky. Suddenly I heard a voice breathe my name—' Frederick I'1 It came from above. I looked np; In the gallery stood a figure all in blnck, save for a white, band upon its fore head. It had the face of Thercse, but paler, thinner. Its white bands wore hers. It stretched them out towards me, ns in greet ing. It waved them in farewell. It was gone. 'A spirit had appeared to me — Therese's Bpirit. Then she, too, was dead. Still on my knees, powerless to move, I awaited the mysteries of this strange night. Again I was accorded a vision. Leopold stood tbero-a sad, gray Leopold— but I knew him. I uttered his name. He answered : '' Is it Frederick?' ' ' Gbost of my friend,' I renlied, ' I have returned to mako expiation. Frite Waener lied to mo, and so I left my lovo, and mur dered you. I havo discovered the truth. I return to give myself to justice. You shall be avenged, dear spirit. Pray for me in heaven, nnd forgive me.' 'The Bpirit ndvanced. It smiled. It seized me by tho hands with a warm, Urine clasp. ' ' I will forgive you,' he said. ' God knows I have forgiven ; but as yet I only hope for heaven. I am no ghost, Frederick. You did not kill me. I recovered in a little while, A jealous man is mad man. I know that. I never ceased to love you.' ' Ho opened his arms. I fell Into them. We embraced. ' ' But Tbercso ? ' I said. ' Surely, It was her spirit that I saw.1 ' I Baw it also,' he answered. ' Tcorese is dead to the world. Sboisanuninthecon vent close at band. After you had been gono five years, I asked her to marry me ; but she could love but once. When her mother died she took tho veil. On this an niversary the nuns come to the cathedral to keep vigil. This is the night I also come. And Tberese looks down on me and smiles This Bho esteems n sin, and expiates with pennnce; but I live on it the venr through. To night Bho saw enly you. She forgot me Ah, Frederick, what folly you committed in leaving her |' . . 'I bowed my bend in contrition, nnd just at that moment there arose from tho dark gallery the soft, sweet sound of women's Tolces, singing without any nccompaniment. 'Together, standing hand in hand, we listened. Then, arm in arm, we left the cathedral. ' 1 returned to Australia soon afterward. Leopold remained behind. Every year be goes to tho cathedral at twelve on Meeting Night— every year until tbo lnst he wrote: ' ' ' I have seen her. 'With her eyes she sent an angel's love to you.1 ?' But last year this is what he wrote: ' - She is dead. I believe that sha will be yours in heaven; not mine. But I shall love her through oternity,' Shrewd Mrs. Penuckle.— 'I didn't al. ways plough the enrtb for a living,' snid Fnrmer Penucklo. ' I wns once a wino mer chant's clerk in Melbourne. I married young, nnd my wife, who is sitting there now, with tbc reputation of being as good a farmer's wife as there is in the country, made just as good a mate for a hard-up clerk then. Like many young couples we bad purchased furni ture in instalments, and we were not able to pay alt tbo sums ns they fell due. Every thing seemed to be going ngninst us, and our liltle cirl was sick. When I came home early one Saturday afternoon and found crapa hanging to my door bell. My heart was in my mouth and tears choked mo as I met my wife. ' ' So dear little Minnie is gono I ' I said. ' ' Minnie gone I ' paid my wife. ' Ob, no. But the broker's man will be round in a minute to seize the furniture, and I thought possibly the crape might check him.' ' It checked him. Ho halted his waggons dozen yards away, walked on tip-toe to tho door, examined the crape, and went softly away, afraid, apparently, that somo one might bear him. Minnie recovered, and a few days afterwarda I scraped up enough money to pay tbo bill, but I haven't bought anything on instalments since,' Fortuno In the Teacup.— Here are a few ' old women's signs' for you, girls: If single persons happen to have two spoons in their cup, It is a sign that they will figure prominently nt a wedding before the year is out. If you put milk or cream in your tea beforo tho sugar, it will ' cross your love.' If a ten-stalk floats in the cup, it is called ' a benu.' Unmarried Indies, when this happens, should stir their ten round briskly, and then filnnt the spoon uprightly in tho cup, holding t quite still with the fingers. If the 'beau' in its gyrations is attracted to the spoon, and clings to it, tho ' bean ' will be certain to come that evening. If tbo aides of the oup attract, the ' beau ' will not come. We may observe that it depends upon tbo state of tho atmosphere whether the tea-stalk is attracted to t-be middle or the sides of the cup. It U a sign of fair weather if the cluster of Bmall air bubbles, which usually arise after the sugar has been put in, collcctthemsclves and remain in tho centre of the cup. The con trary when they straggle to the slde3— it will certainly rain in a few hours. *'' 