CHA.PTEB XXIV. MAN AND- WIFE. * So long Thy power hath blessed me, sure it still Will lead me on, O'er moor and fen, o'er crag and torrent, till The night is gone. Then with the morn those angel voices smile Which I have loved long since, and lost awhile. —Newman. Andrew did not remain at the cottage after Kitty was taken indoors, but instead hurried back to St. Neot. He found that Miss Lezant had been true to her word. The villagers all rejoiced at having neces sary food, while work had been found for the most necessitous until they could re turn to their ordinary avocations. He was greatly rejoiced that this was the case, for he felt himself unable to do any more. It was now three days since he had had any proper rest, so finding his way to his lodgings, he threw himself on his bed in or'der to get some sorely-needed rest. When he awoke he heard some one knocking at his bedroom door. He found that it was broad daylight too, and for a time he could hardly realise his where abouts. "Mr Fairfax, Mr Fairfax," said his landlady. " Ye3, all—right. Have I slept long ?" " Ever since yesterday noon." " Anything the matter ?" " Amos Crews wants you." " Amos; oh, all right. I'll be down soon." He harried downstairs, and found the old man waiting anxiously. " Will 'ee come up to our 'ouse, Maaster Andrew ?" he said, tremulously. " Anything the matter ?" "The deear maid do want to see 'ee, surr." Andrew quickly ate the breakfast that was prepared for him, and went on by Amos' side. The old man did not speak, but he looked in the direction of his cot tage, and there was a dreamy far'away expression in his eyes. "Is Kitty well enough to see me ?" asked Andrew, as they came up to the cottage. '' She's waitin' for 'ee, sur, waitin' for Silently Andrew followed him into the room where the young girl lay. She looked very pale, very fragile. i oa wanted to see me, Kitty," he said, gently. • "f ? &0*a' t° <lie> Maaster Fairfax. I'm gom to die."' Don. t say that," replied the young man. She shook her head. "I know," she said, I know. Do yon think I would have asked you here else ?" and a flush came on her pale cheek. " But I'm not afraid to die, no, not a bit." "Bless the Loard," said Amos, fer Vs s oae the Board's dear children, for oal the world may say. I tell ee the golden gates of 'eaven will be opened wide for she." ' I believe they will," replied Andrew. . , i B°Jear>" ssid the girl, "no fear. At nrst I thought there could be no hope for such as me, and then I seemed to see Jesus speakm' to Mary. And I seemed to hear Him say, «Yer granfer haveforgiven you, and I love you a thonsand times more than be. I came to die for you.' I've had no rear since, for I seem as though I've been res tin' with Him." For a minute there was a silence, then she went on: * But—but—I want to be his—his wife afore I go. 1 ve no name, you know, and I want to be called Kitty Cundy afore I go, and she looked up into his eyes with a beseeching look. Andrew saw what she meant. If it can be, it shall be," he said. He went away without a word more, I and burned across the field towards Tre vadlock. He was not long in finding the yoimg farmer, and without hesitation he told ms story. "You main that I must marry her"" said young Sim. "Just that." " Dat what will Miss Martin say ?" ... Cundy," said Andrew, "you must do this. You've killed her, killed her as surely as if you had stabbed her to the heart with a knife, and now you shall make what reparation you can. The girl is your wife in reality, you must make her so in the eyes of the law." For the first time he seemed to realise what he had dore. Hitherto, he had seemed only afraid of consequences, caring nothing for the sin itself; now. for a minute, he seemed to see himself as he ■was. " She loves you," went on Andrew, " she was ready to sacrifice everything for you. « ? m.8n> Cundy; do what you can now." Is ^ possible?'-' he said at length. Can we be married out ov church ?" ' 1 yiU arrange everything," said An drew, * if you will be a man." For a minute the young farmer stood as if fighting with a great temptation, then he burst out passionately: "No, by heavens; you shall not do it. I'll doit. 1 only love she—my Kitty. I'll go and spaik to the passen, and everything. Come^fcfch rue—come ! M There was a new light in the young fanner s eyes, as he took hold of Andrew's arm, "Where are you going?" asked An drew. " Groin' to Kitty." He spoke no other word till they reached the cottage, where they met Amos. The old man's eyes flashed dangerously as he saw his grandchild's destroyer. "What do 'ee want here ?" he asked. 'I '"'ant Kitty, I want to see my wife." For a minute the old man seemed stunned, then he led the way to Kitty's room. The two entered together, and Kitty looked up with joy in her eyes. " Leave us alone." he said to Amos. "I want to be with my wife." There was new strength, new power in his voice, and wonderingly Amos obeyed. "Have you left them alone together ?" asked Andrew. *Yes, and 'ere's mother, she's come away too," and Amos turned towards his wife. .In about a quarter of an bour young Sim came back. ' Come with me," he said to Andrew, ' and see that I do the right thing. I hate you, you've made me seem like a devil. But never mind, I can be a man as well as you. Kitty's my wife, do you hear ? Tell everybody that I said so. My wife! I'm goin' to the passen now. I want to ar range everything so that he can come and marry us, Do you see ? I want to make haste ! Kitty may—may — come on, quick!" T*he two hurried to the rectory, and were soon closeted with the clergyman." Young Sim told his story, told it as though he were anxious that all evil should be laid en him. " I want 'ee to marry us, Passen Childs," he said; " she es my wife, but I want oal the world to knaw it." The clergyman spoke of the irregularity of the proceeding. " That s nothing to me. This Fairfax says it can be done. You must come and do it. Do you hear ? I'm going to make every arrangement, and as soon as pos sible I'll let 'ee knaw." Two days after there was a curious gathering at old Amos' cottage. Kitty was still alive, but her face was flushed and her eyes flashed strangely. Parson Childs was there too, and Andrew, and young Sim, and the doctor. " Is all ready and right ?" said tl}e young farmer to the clergyman. " Yes, yes, I believe that—" " That'll do. Now, Fairfax, you shall see that I'm a man as good as you. I love Kitty; she's my wife. I'm going to make her so by law. Passen, are you ready ?" They entered the bedroom. Kitty lay panting on the scanty pillows, with a bright look in her eyes. She watched Sim's face with an anxious ex pression, and then, when he came to her side, she took his hand and caressed it fondly. They arranged themselves around the bed, while the clergyman opened his book. "Granfer, granny," said Kitty, "I should like to have the—the sacrament before I—" " Have you bread and wine ?" said the clergyman; " if so, it can be administered at once." "Maaster Andrew brought some wine laast night," said the old woman with quivering voice, while Sim looked angrily at Andrew, as though he loathed the thought of his doing anything which he himself ought to have done. The wine was brought into the room, and poured into a cup. " If there were time, we might have bad the sacrament cup from the church," said the clergyman, as he prepared to ad minister the sacred rite. " Let granfer give it me," said Kitty, tremulously. " It would seem better from him." The clergyman looked indignant, and seemed about to speak, but one look at old Amos' face checked him. There was the look of an inspired prophet in his eyes, and heedless of the rector's presence, he fell on his knees. " Let us pray," he said. There was a wondrous power in his voice, as though One mightier than he spoke through him, and in spite of every thing the old priest knelt with the rest. " Dear Loard," said Amos, in faltering accents, " Thou knowest that one of Thy little children hev come back to Thy great heart. The doctor do say that we caan't keep her here, Loard, and so we come to Thee in this way. Thou didst come among us to tell us of Thy love, and to show us the way of life, and now we commemorate Thy dyin' love. Thou art very near to us, Loard. We feel Thee, and bo we know that this sacrament will be very precious to our souls. Save us all from sin—help as to forgive—even our enemies. Ay, they who've wronged us, as Thou knowest, Loard, I do, and Loard Jesus help us to say, Thy will be done." They rose from their kneeB, and then Amos, with trembling limbs, but rever ently, partook of the bread and the wine, and gave to the dying girl. " I know the dear Loard do forgive me," she said, " for I love Him so, and I have snch peace at my heart." Several times the rector seemed ahont to protest, but was unable. A hallowed presence pervaded the room. A Power was there T"hich forbade priestly assump tion and bigotry. They seemed to be all led to the heart of things, and saw that re ligion was of the Spirit and not of form. " And now," said Amos, *• will you do your work, Maaster Childs ?" The rector opened his book again while young Sim took hold of Kitty's hand. Solemnly the old clergyman read the service, firmly and steadily did young Sim make his responses, while quietly but clearly did Kitty say the words that made her his in the eyes of the law. "Simeon Cnndy, wilt theu have this woman to be thy lawful wedded wife ?" "I will." *■ Kitty Crews, wilt thou have this man to be thy lawful wedded husband ? . " I will." Young Sim placed the ring on her finger, while a wan smile crept over her face. " . .. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. I pronounce you man and wife; whom God hath joined together let no man pat asunder." " Parson, are we married now, are we ?" " In the eyes of God, yes; but you must sign the—" " Bring them here, quick." _ The books were brought, and each signed, Kitty writing her name clearly and legibly. " Are we married now f" asked the young farmer again. " Yes." " In the eyes of the law ?" " In the eyes of the law." " Do you hear that, Kitty ? You are mine in the eyes of the law." She looked np at him with a glad smile. " My husband," she said, softly. She lay back on the pillows, while a great change came over her. A film crept over her eyes. "Help," cried Sim, "her hands be gittin' cold." . The doctor came near, and shook his head. " She is going fast," he said j " the un natural strength which she possessed is gone, and now she will go out like a spark." " She mustn't," cried the young farmer. " She's my wife, do you hear, my wife I Look up, Kitty, my darlin'; speak to me. You are my wife. You are Kitty Cundy." But Kitty spoke not, while her eyes closed. All stood silently around by the bed side and watched the dying girl. Pre sently she looked up again, while her hands pressed thoBe of her husband. " Will you kneel and say 'Our Father' with me ?" she said to Sim. The young farmer knelt down, sobbing like a child. "" I always loved you, Kitty," he mur mured, " only you." She did not reply save by a wan smile, and then began the Lord's Prayer Word by word they repeated it together untii they came to the words, "As we for give them that trespass against us," then she Etopped. " Whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder," she murmured. " And we are—?" " Man and wife," said Sim, huskily. " For evet and ever ?" she murmured. " For ever and ever, so help me, God." Her mouth moved as if she said Amen, but they heard no words. For a minute they thought she had gone but the life was not yet extinct. The lips still quivered, the breath Btill came. After a few seconds she looked up with a glad look in her eyes. " You are not disgraced." she said, look ing towards her grandparents, " I am his wife." Tears trickled down their wrinkled faces while Sim said, huBkily— " Yes, my God, my wife," " For ever and ever," she murmured, as if in a dream; then a shiver passed through her frame—and they* knew that all was over. Old Amos looked at the sweet placid face, and lifted his eyes upward, »• Lord, now lettest thon Thy servant depart in peace, for mine eyes have seen Thy salvation," he said, solemnly, when one by one they left the room, leaving the man and wife together. (To be continued.) First Dramatic Reporter—" Say, did you hear that sensation about Mme. Prima donna's diamonds?" Second Reporter— "Whatl Are tbey stolen again?" First Reporter—" No ; they're real," She—"There is a wonderful fascination about the stars ; don't you think so 1" He— " Indeed there is." She—" I've forgotten most of my astronomy, though. That., I be lieve, is Venus; bnt which is Adonis ?" Whenever the piano ceased I There was a great furore, And those who understand it least Were loudest to eacore, Mr Wickwire—" What is that woman acrofs the way trying to sing ?" Mrs Wick wire—"'My Sweetheart's the Man in the Moon.'" Mr Wickwire—" Well, if he don't hear her, it isn't her fault." Mrs Fudge—" Oh, yes, you laugh at women as shoppers ; but I'll bet, if I bought your cigars, your smoking bill would be a good deal smaller than it is now." Mr Fudge —" I haven't the least doubt of it." Dora—" Is that new waist you are having made a creation of your own?"' Cora—" FeB. I am going to call it the new navy design." Dora—" What for ?" Cora—" Because I expect it to be so well armed." " So you say Professor Guffius expressed a great deal of interest in me," said Miss Passeigh. with a little flntter, " He seems like a very distinguished man." « Yes," re plied Miss Cuttings, "he is a celebrated antiquarian." " If I had an " ad " at the top of that column," murmured the advertising agent to himself as he gazed admiringly at the Monu ment, " I wouldn't care whether it was next to pure reading matter or not." Lady (examining written character of applicant for situation as cook)—" But this is not at all satisfactory as to your cooking capacity. Can you cook?" Cook—"We'1, ma'am, if that paper don't satisfy you on that point, aBk my policeman." 