THAT HOUSE IN BLOOMSBURY. By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of 'The Son of His Father,' 'The Sorceress,' 'Within the Precinote,' 'Young MuBgrave,' 'Oliver's Bride,' 'A Eose in June,' &o.; Published by speolal arrangement with the author Ail rights reserved.) Chapter XV. Miss Bethune set out accordingly without saying anything further to see the invalid. She took nobody into her confidence, not even Gilohrist, who had much offended her mistress by her scepticism. Muoh as she was interested in every unusual chain of circumstances, and muoh more still in anything happening to Dora Mannering, there was a still etronger im puiee of personal feeling in her present ex pedition. It had gone to her head like wine ; her eyes shone, and there was a nervous energy in every line of her tall figure in its middle aoreii bonimuui and harrintiaB. She walked quickly, pushing her way forward when there was any crowd with an unconscious movement, as of a strong swimmer dividing the waves. Her mind was tracing out every line of the sup posed process of events. It was such a strange story as oocurs seldom in the almost endless variety of strange Btories that are about the world — a story of secret marriage, a seoret birth, a sudden terror of discovery. The young woman who had given herself foolishly and. hastily to an adventurer was an heiress, if ehe continued to please an old uncle who had her fate in his hands. It was the news of his unexpected approach whioh brought the sudden crisis. The husband, who had been near in the profound quiet of the country, fled, taking with him the child— and after that no more. The marriage was altogether unknown, except to Gilohrist and a couple of old servants in the small seoluded country house where the old little tragedy had taken place and the young wife who had never borne her husband's name came to life again after a long illness to find every trace of her piteous story and of the fate of the man for whom she had risked so much and the child whom the had scarcely seen obliterated. The agony through which she had lived in that first period of dismay and despair, the wild secret enquiries set on foot with so little knowledge of how to do anything of the kind, chiefly by means of the good and devoted Gilchrist, who, however, knew still less even than her mistress the way to do it. Ihe long monotonous years of living with the old uncle to whom that forlorn young woman in her secret anguish had to be nurse and companion ; the freedom afterwards when the fortune was hers, and the liberty so long desired; but still no clue, no knowledge whether the child on whom she had set her passionate heard existed or not. The hero, the husband, existed no longer in her imagina tion. That first year of furtive fatal inter course had revealed him in his true colors as an adventurer, whose aim had been her fortune. Bat why had he not revealed himself when that fortune was secure ? Why had not he brought baok the child who would have secured his hold over her whatever had happened ? These questions had been disoussed between Miss Bethune and her maid till there was no longer any contingency, any snbtilty of things or theories possible which had not been torn to pieces between them, with reasonings some times as acute as mother's wit could make them, sometimes as foolish at ignorance and in experience suggested. They had roamed all over the world in a quiet quest after the fugitives who had dis appeared so completely into the darkness. What wind drifted them to Bloomebury it would take too long to enquire. The wife of one furtive and troubled year, the mother oE one anxious but heavenly week, had loner, long ago settled into the angular, middle aged unmarried lady of Miss Simcox's first floor. She had dropped all her former friends— all the people who knew about her. And those people who onoe knew her by her Christian name and, as they thought, every incident in her life in reality knew nothing— not a syllable — of the brief romance and tragedy whioh formed its centre. She had developed, they all thought, into one of those eccentrics who are sometimes to be found in the loneliness of solitary life, odd as were all the Bethunes, with something added that was especially her own. By intervals an old friend would appear to visit her, marvel ling muoh at) the London lodging in which the mistress of more than one old comfortable house had chosen to bury herself. But the Bethunes were all queer, these visitors said ; chere was a bee in their bonnet, there was a screw loose somewhere. It is astonishing the number of Scotch families of whom this is said to account for everything their descendants may think or do. This was the woman who marohed along the hot July streets with the same vibration of im pulse and energy which had on several occa sions led her half over the world. She had been disappointed a thousand times, but never given up hope ; and each new will-o'-the-wisp which had led her astray had been welcomed with the same strong confidence, the same ever living hope. Few of them, she acknowledged to herBelf now, had possessed half the likeli hood of this, and every new point of certitude grew and expanded within her as she proceeded on her way. The same age, the same name (more or less), a likeness which Gilchrist, fool that she was, would not see; and then the story proving everything of the mother, who was alive but unknown. Could anything be more oertain? Miss Bethune's progress through the streets was more like that of a bird on the wind with that floating movement which is eo full at once of strength and of repose, and wings ever ready for a swift coup to increase the impulse and clear way than of a pedestrian walking along a hot pavement. A strange coincidence! Yes, it would be a very strange coincidence if her own very unusual Btory and that of the poor Mannerings Bhould thus be twined together. But why should it not be so? Truth is stranger than fiction. The most marvellous combinations happen every day. The stranger things are the more likely they are to happen. This was what she kept saying to herself as she hurried upon her way. She was received in the darkened room, in the hob atmosphere perfumed and damped by the spray of some essence, where at first Miss Bethune felt she could scaroely breathe. When she was brought in the gleam of light made by the opened door there was a little ecream of eagerness from the bed at the other end of the long room and then a cry. ' But Dora? Where iB Dora? It is Dora, Dora, I want !' in a voice of disappointment and irritation close to tears. 'You must not bevexsd that I oame first by myself,' MiBS Bethune said. ' To bring Dora without her father's knowledge is a strong step.' ' But I have a right— I have a right !' oried the sick woman. 'Nobody — not even he — would deny me a sight of her. I've hungered for years for a sight of her, and now that I am free I am going to die.' ' No, no ! don't say that,' said Miss Bethune with the natural instinct of denying that con clusion. 'You must not let your heart go down, for that is the worst of alL' 'It is perhaps the best, too,' said the patient. ' What could I have done ? Always longing for her, never able to have her except by stealth, frightened always that she would find out, or that he should find out. On, no, it's better as it is. Now I can provide for my dear and nobody to say a word. Mow I can show her how I love her. And she will nob judge me. A child like that doesn't judee. She will learn to pity her poor, poor ? Oh, why didn't you bring me my Dora ? I may not live another day.' In the darkness, to which her eyes gradually became accustomed, Miss Bethune consulted silently with a look the attendant by the bed and receiving from her the slight, scarcely distinguishable answer of a shake of the head, took the sufferer's hand and pressed it in her own. ?? I will bring her,' she said, ' to-night if you wish it, or to-morrow. . I give you my word. If you think of yourself like that, whether you are right or not, I am not the one to disappoint you. To-night if you wish it.' 'Oh, to-night, to-night! I'll surely live till to-night,' the poor woman oried. 'And many nights more, if you will only keep quite quiet, ma'am. It depends upon yourself,' said the maid. ' They always tell you,' said Mrs. Bristowe, 'to keep quiet, as if that was the easiest thing to do. I might get ud and walk all the long way to see my child ; but to be quiet without her — that is what is impossible— and knowing that perhaps I may never see her again?' 'You shall — you shall,' said Miss Bethune soothingly. ' But you have a child and a good ohild — a son, or as like a son as pos sible.' ' I a son ? Oh, no, no— none but Dora ! No one I love but Dora.' The poor lady paused then with a sob and said in a changed voice, '?Sou mean Harry Gordon? Oh, ib is easy to see yon are not a mother. He is very good — oh, very good. He was adopted by Mr. Bristowe. Oh,' she cried, with a long crying breath, 'Mr. Bristowe ought to have done something for Harry. He ought to — I always Baid so. I did not want to have every thing left to me.' She wrung her thin hands and a convulsive Bob came out of the darkness. ' Ma'am,' said the maid, 'I must send this lady away and put a stop to everything, if you get agitated' like this.' 'Fll be quite calm, Miller — quite calm,' the patient cried, putting out her hand and clutching Miss Bethune's dress. ' To keep her calm I will talk to her of this other subject,' said Miss Bethune, with an in jured tone in her voice. She held her head high, elevating her spare figure aa if in disdain. ''Let us forget Dora for the moment,' she said, 'and speak of this young man that has only been a son to you for the most of his life, only given you his affeotion and his services and everything a child could do, but is nothing of course in comparison with a little girl you know nothing aboub, who is your niece in blood.' 'Oh, my niece, my nieoe!' the poor lady murmured under her breath.' 'Tell me something about this Harry Gordon ; ib will let your' mind down from the more exciting subject,' said Miss Bethune still with great dignity, as if of an offended person. 'He has lived with you for years. He has shared your secrets.' 'I have talked to him aboub Dora,' she faltered. ' Bnb yet,' said bhe stern questioner, more and more severely, ''it does not seem you have cared anything about him all these years.' 'Oh, don't say that ! I have always been fond of him, always-^always ! He will never say I have not been kind to him,' the invalid cried. g 'Kind?' cried Miss Bethune, with an indig nation and Boorn which nothing could exceed. Then she added more gently, but with still the injured tone in her voice, ' Will you tell me something about him? It will calm you down. I tak9 an interest in One young man. He is like somebody I onoe knew, and his name recalls ' Perhaps you knew his father?' said Mrs. Bristowe. 'Perhaps. I would like to hear more par ticulars. He tells mo his mother is living.' 'The father was very foolish to tell him. Mr. Bristowe always said so. It was on his deathbed. I suppose,' cried the poor lady, with a deep Bigh, 'that on your deathbed you feel that you must tell everything. Oh, I've been silent, silent so long! I feel that too. She is not a mother that it would ever be good for him to find. Mr. Bristowe wished him never to oome back to England only for that. He said better be ignorant — better know nothing.' ' And why was the poor mother so easily condemned ?'. ' You would bs- shocked — you, an unmarried lady — if I told you the story. She left him just after the boy was born. She fell from one degradation to another. He sent her money as long as he could keep any trace of her. Poor, poor man !' ' And his friends took everything for gospel that this man said ?' ' He was an honesb man. Why should he tell Mr. Bristowe a lie ? I said it was to be kept from poor Harry. It would only make him miserable. But there was no doubt about the truth of it — oh, none.' ' I tell you,' cried Miss Bethune, ' that there is every doubt of ib. FH« mother was a poor deceived girl that was abandoned, deserted, lefb to bear her misery as she could.' 'i)id you know his mother?' said the patient, showing out of the darkness the gleam of eyes widened by astonishment. 'It does not matter,' cried Miss Bethune. ' I know this, that the marriace was in secret, and the boy was born in secret, and while she was ill and weak there came the news ot some one coming that could leave her penniless, and for the sake of the money, the wretched money, this man took up the child in his arms out of her very bed and carried ib away.' The sick woman clutched the arm of the other, who sab by her side, tragic and passionate, the words coming from her lips like sobs. ' Oh, my poor lady,' she said, ' if that is your story ! But it was not that. My husband, Mr. Bristowe, knew. He knew all about Gordon from the beginning. It was no secret to him. He did not take the child away till the mother had gone, till he had tried every way to find her, even to bring her back. He was a merciful man. I knew him, too. Oh, poor woman, poor weman, my heart breaks for that other you knew. She is like me, she is worse off than me, but the one you know was not Harry's mother— oh, no, no — Harry's mother ! If she is living it is— it is — in misery, and worse than misery.' ' He said,' uttered a hoarse voice, breath less, out of the dimness, which nobody could have recognised for Miss Bethune's, ' that you said there was no such woman.' ' I did — to comfort him, to make him believe that it was not true.' ' By a lie ? And suoh a lie — a shameful lie, when you knew so different ! And how should any one believe now a word you say f 'Oh, don't let her say such things to me, Miller, Miller,' oried the patient with the cry of a sick ohild. ?? Madam,' said the maid, 'she's very bad, as you eee, and you're making her every minute worse. You can see it yourself. It's my duty to ask you to go away.' Miss Bethune rose from the side of the bed like a ghost, tall and stern, and towering over the agitated, weeping woman, who lay back on the white pillows, holding out supplicating bands and panting for breath. She stood for a moment looking as if she would have taken her by the throat. Then she gave herself a little shake and turned away. Once more the invalid clutched at her dress and drew her back. ' Oh,' she oried, ' have mercy upon me ! Don't go away — don't go away ! I will hear anything. Say what you like, but bring me Dora — bring me Dora — before I die.' 'Why should I bring you Dora? Me, to whom nobody brings ? . What ia it to me if you live or if you die?' 'Oh, bring me Dora — bring me Dora?' the poor woman wailed, holding fast by her visitor's dress. She flung herself half out of the bed, drawing towards her with all her little force the unwilling, resisting figure. ' Oh, for the sake of all you wish for yourself, bring me Dora— Dora— before I die !' 'What have you left me to wish for?' oried the other woman, and she drew her skirts out of the patient's grasp. No more different being from that which entered an hour before by the long passages and staircases of the great hotel could have been than she who now repassed through them, looking neither to the right nor to the left — a woman like a straight line of mobion and energy, as strong and stiff as iron, with ex pression banished from her face and elasticity from her figure. She went baok by the eame streets she had come by, making her way straight through the crowd, whioh seemed to yield before the strength of passion and pain that was in her. There was a singing in her ears and a buzzing in her head, and her heart was in her breast as if it had been turned to stone. Oh, she was nob at her first shook of disappointment and despair. She had experienced it before, but never, she thought, in such terrible sort as now. She had so wrapped herself in this dream, whiah had been suggested to her by nothing bat her own heart what she thought her instinct, a sudden flash of divination, the voice of nature. She had felt sure of ib the first glimpse she had of him, before he had even told her his name. She had been sure that this time it was the voiue of nature, that intuition of a mother which could not be de ceived. So many likenesses seemed to meet in Harry Gordon's faoe, so many circumstances to com bine in establishing the likelihood, at least, that this was he. South America, the very ideal place for an adventurer, and the strange fact that he had a mother living whom he did nob know. A mother living! These words made a thrill of passion, of opposition, of un moved and immovable con viotion, rush through all her veins. A mother living ! Who could that be bub she? Whab would such a man care — a man who had abandoned his wife at the moment of b woman's greatest weakness and taken her. child from her when siie was helpless to resist him— for the ruin of her reputation after, for fixing upon her, among those who knew her not, the oharacter of a profligate? He who had done the first, why should he hesitate to say the last ? The one thing cost him trouble, the other none. It was easier to believe that than to give up what she concluded with oerbainty was her last hope. Gilchrisb, who had seen her coming, rushed downstairs to open the door for her. But Gilchrisb at this moment was an enemy, the last person in the world in whom her mistress would confide; Gilchrisb, who had never believed in it, had refused to see the likeness or to encourage any delusion. She was blind to the woman's imploring looks, her breathless 'Oh, mem!' which was more than any question, and brushed passed her with the same iron rigidity of pose whioh had taken all softness from her natural angularity. She walked straight into her bedroom, where she took off her bonnet before the glass without awaiting Gilohrist's ministrations, nay, putting them aside with a quick, impatient gesture. Then she went to her sitting-room and drew her chair into her favorite position near the window and took up the paper and began to read it witheveryappearanoeof intense interest. She had read it through every word as is the practice of lonely ladies before she went ont, and she was profoundly conscious now of Gilohrist following her about, hovering behind her, and more anxious than words can say. Miss Bethune was an hour or more occupied about that newspaper, of which she dii nob see a single word, and then she rose suddenly to her feet. ' I oannot do it — I cannot do ib !' she cried. 'The woman haB no claim on me. Most likely she's nothing bub a fool that has Bpoilt everything for herself and more. Maybe it will not be good for Dora. Bub I cannot do it— I cannot do ib. It's too strong for me. What ever comes of it she must see the child — she must see her ohild before she passes away and is no more seen. And oh, I wish — I wish that it was nob her, but me !' Chapter XVL Dora passed the long evening of that day in her father's room. It was one of those days in which the sun seems to refuse to set, the day light to depart. It rolled out in afternoon sunshine, prolonged as it seemed for halt a year's time, showing no inclination to wane. When the sun at last went down there ensued a long interval of day without it, and slowly, slowly the shades of twilight came on. Mr. Mannering had been very quiet all the after noon. He had sat brooding, unwilling to speak. The big book came back with Mr. Fiddler's compliments and was replaced upon his table, where he sat sometimes turning over the pages, not reading, doing nothing. There axe tew things more terrible to a looker-on than thia silence, this self-absorption, taking no notice of anything outside of him, of a convalescent. The attitude of despondency, the bowed bead, the curved shoulders, are bad enough in them selves, but nothing is so dreadful as toe silence, the pre-occupacion with nothing, the eyes fixed on a page . which is nob read, or a horizon in which nothing is visible Dora Bat by him with a book, too, in which ehe was interested, which ia perhaps the easiest way of bearing this; but the book ended, before the afternoon did, and 'then she had nothing to do but to watch him and wonder what he was thinking of —whether his mind was roving over lands un known to her, whetherit was aboub the Museum he was thinking, or the doctor's orders, or the bills, two or three of which had by misadven ture fallen into'his bands. What was it? He remained in the same attitude, quite still and Bbeady, not moving a finger. Sometimes she hoped he might have fallen asleep ; sometimes she addressed to him a faltering question, to whioh he answered yes or no. He was not impatient when she spoke to him. He replied to her in those monosyllables which are almost worse than silence ; and Dora durst not protest— could nob upbraid him with that dreadful silence as an older person might have done. 'Oh, father, talk to me a little !' she once cried in her despair, but he Baid gently that he had nothing to talk about and silenced the girl. He had taken the various meals and refreshments that were ordered for him when they came with something that was half a smile and half a. look of disgust, and this was the final exasperation to Dora. ' Oh, father ! when you know that you must take it — that is the only way of getting well again.' ' I am taking it,' he said, with that twist of the lip at every spoonful, which betrayed how distasteful ib was. This is hard to bear for the most experienced of nurses and what should it be for a girl of sixteen? She clasped her hands together in her impatience to keep herself down. And then there came a knock at the door, and Gilchrist appeared, begginer that Miss Dora, would put on her hat and go out fora walk with Miss Bethune. ' I'll come and sib with my work in a corner and be there if he wants anything.' Mr. Mannering did nob seem to take any notice, but he heard the whisper at the door. 'There is no occasion for anyone sitting with me. I am quite able to ring if I wanO anything.' 'But, father, I don't want to go out,' said Dora. 'I wanb you to go out' he said peremp torily. ' It 13 not proper that you should be shub up here all day.' \- ' Let me light the candles, then, father.' 'I don't want any candles. I am nob doing anything. There is plenty of light for what I want.' Oh, what despair it was to have to do with a man who would nob be shaken, who would take his own way and no other ! If he would bub have read a novel as Dora did— if he would bub begin to study his big book which was the custom of his life. Dora felt that it was almost wicked to leave him, but what could ehe do while he sat there absorbed in his thoughts, whioh she could not even divine, what they were about ! To go out into the cool evening was a relief to her 'poor little exasperated temper and troubled mind. The air was sweet and fresh even in Bloomsbury; the trees waved and rustled softly against the blue sky ; there was a young moon somewhere, a white speck in the blue, though the light of day was not yet gone ; the voices were softened and almost musical in the evening air, and it was so good to be out of doors, to be removed from the close controlling atmosphere of unaccustomed trouble. 'Out of sight out of mind,' people eay. It was very far from being that ; on the contrary, it was but the natural impatience, the mere con trariety that made the girl ready to cry with a sense of the intolerable, which now was softened and subdued, allowing love and pity to come back. She would talk of nothing but her father as she went along the street. 'Do you think he looks any better, Miss Bethune ? Do you think he will soon be able to get out ? Do you think the doctor will let him return soon to the Museum ? He loves the Museum. He loves the Museum better than anything. He would have more chance to get well if he might go baok. ?'All that must be decided by time Dora time and the doctor who, though we sooff at him sometimes, knows better after all than you or me. But I want yon to think a little of the poor lady you are going to see.' ' What am I going to see ? Oh, that lady ! I don't know if father will wish me to go and see her. Oh, I did not know whab it was you wanted of me. I cannot go against father, Miss Bethune, when he is ill .and does not know.' 'You will just trust to another than your father for once in your life, Dora. If you think I am nob a friend to your father and one that would consider him in all things ? ' The girl walked on silently, reluctantly, for some time without speaking, with sometimes a half pause, as if she would have turned back. Then she answered in a low voice, still nob very willingly, ' I know you are a friend.' 'You do nob put muoh heart in it,' said Miss Bethune with a laugh. The most magnanimous person, when conscious of hav ing been very helpful and a truly good friend at his or her personal expense to another, may be pardoned a sense of humor, partially bitter, in the grudging acknowledgment of ignorance. Then she added more gravely, ' When your father knows, and he shall know in time, where I am taking you, he shall approve ; whatever his feelings may be be will tell you ib was right and your duty, of that I am aa sure as that I am living, Dora.' ' Because she is my aunt? An aunt is not such a very tender relation, Miss Bethune. In books they are often very cold comforters, not kind to girls that are poor. I suppose,' said Dora, after a little pause, ' that I would be called poor?' ' You are just nobbing, you foolish little thing ! You have no character of your own ; you are your father's daughter and no more.' ' I don't wish to be anything more,' cried Dora with her foolish young head held high. 'And this poor woman,' said Miss Bethune, exasperated, ' will nob^ive long enough to be a friend to any one, so you need nob be afraid either of her being too tender or unkind. She baa come back, poor thing, after long years spent out of her own eoontry to die.' 'To die?'' the girl echoed in a horrified tone. ' Just that, and nothing less or more.' Dora walked on by Miss Bethune's side for some time in silence. There was a long, very long walk ^hroueh the streets before they reached the coolness and freshness of the park, fhe said nothing for a long time until they had arrived at the Serpentine, which veiled in shadows and mists of night with the stars re flected in it, and tbe big buildings in the dis tance standing up solemnly, half seen, yet with gleams of Iamp3 and light all over them beyond and apparently among the trees, has a sort of splendor and reality, like a great natural river flowing between its banks. She paused then for a moment and asked with a quick drawing of her breath, ' Is ib some one — who is dying— that you are taking me to see f 'Yes, Dora; and next to your father, your nearest relation in the world.' ' I thought at one time he was going to die, Miss Bethune.' j 'So did we all, Dora.' 'And I was very much afraid — oh, nofl only heartbroken, but afraid. I thought he wonld suffer so, in himself,' she said very low, ' and to leave me.' 'They do not,' said Miss Bethune with great solemnity, as if not of any individual, bub of a mysterious class of people. ' They are delivered ; anxious though they may have been, they are anxious no more ; though their hearts would have broken to part with you a little while before, it is no longer so ; they are delivered. It's a very solemn thing,' Bhe wenb on, with something like a sob in her voice ; ' bub it's comforting, at least to the like of we. Their spirits are changed, they are separated ; there are other things before them greater than what they leave behind.' ' Oh,' cried the girl, 'I should not like to think of that, if father had ceased to think of me even before.' 'It is comforting to me,' said Miss Bethune, ' because I am of those that are going, and you Dora, are of those that are staying. I'm glad to think that the ailver chain will be loosed and the golden bowl broken, all the links that bind us to the earth, and all the cares about what is to happen after.' 'Have you cares about what is to happen after?' cried Dora. 'Father has, for he has me ; but you, Miss Bethun6?' Dora never forgot, or thought she would never forget, the look that was cast upon her. ' And I,' said Miss Bethune, ' have not even you, have nobody belonging to me. Well,' 8 he said, going on with a heavy, long-drawn breath, ' it looks as if it were true.' This was the girl's first discovery of what youth is generally eo long of finding out, that in her heedlesBness and unconscious conviction that what related to herself was the most im portant ip the world, and what befel an elderly neighbor of so much less consequence, she had done, or at least said, a cruel thing. Bub she did not know how to mend matters and so wenb on by her friend's side dumb, confusedly trying to enter into, now that it was too late, the sombre thread of another's thought. Nothing more was said till they were close to the great hotel, which shone out with its many windows luminous upon the soft background of the night. Then Miss Bethune put hev hand almost harshly upon Dora's arm. 'You will remember, Dora,' she said, ' that the person we are going to see is a dying person, and in all the world it is agreed that where a dying person is he,or she ib the chief person and to be considered above alL It is, maybe, a superstition, bat it is so allowed. Their wants and their wishes go before all ; and the Queen herself, if she were coming into that chamber, would bow to it like all the rest, and so must you. It ie, perhaps, not quite sincere, for why should a woman be more thought of because Bhe is going to die? It is oot quality, you will say, bnt yet if b a gapm* . elation, and ? approved by all the omitted world.'1 'Oh, M5bb Bethune,' cried Doja, 'I know that I deserve yon should Bay this to me, bat yeli ? ' \- Her companion made no reply, but led the ,way up the great stairs. * The room was not eo dark as before, though it was night ; annmber of candles were shining in the farther corner near the bed, and thepale face on the pillow, the nostrils dark and widely opened -with the panting breath, was in fall iight, turned towards the doors. A nurse in her white apron and cap was near the bed, beside a maid whose anxious face was strangely contrasted with the calm of the professional person. These accessories Dora's quick glance took in at once, while yet her attention was absorbed in the central figure, which she needed no farther explanation to perceive had at once become the first object, the chief interest, to all near her. Dying? It was more than mere reigning, more than being great. To think that where she lay there she was going fast away into the most august presence to the deepest wonders ! Dora held her breath with awe. She never, save when her father was swimming for his life and her thoughts were concentrated on the struggle with' all the force of personal passion, as if it were Bhe herself who was fighting against death, had seen any such eight before. ' Is it Dora?' cried the patient. 'Dora I Oh, my child, my child, nave you come at last?' And then Dora fonnd arms round her, clutching her close, and felt with a strange awe, nbs unmingled with terror, the 7ild beat ing of a feverish heart and the panting of the laborious breath. The wan face was pressed against here. She felt herself held for a moment with extraordinary force, and kisses, tears, and always the beat of that troubled breathing upon her cheek. Then the grasp re laxed reluctantly, because the suSerer could do no more. 'Oh, gently, gently ; do not wear yourself out. She is not going away. She has come to stay with you,' a soothing voice said. 'That's all I want — all I wont in this world — what I cams for,' gave forth the panting lips. Dora's impulse was to cry 'No, no !' to rise 1 .«xp from her knees, upon which she had fallen unconsciously by the_ sick bed, to withdraw from it and if possible get away altogether, terrified of that close vicinity ; but partly what Miss Bethune had said and partly natural feeling, the instinct of humanity kept her in spite of herself where Bhe was. The poor lady with her face intent upon Dora, stroking her hair and her forehead with- those hot, thin , hands, beaming upon her with that ineffable smile which is the prerogative of tbe dying. 'Ob, my little girl,' she said, 'my only one, my only one ! Twelve years it is — twelve long years — and all the time thinking of this ! When I've been ill— and I've bsen very ill, Miller will tdl you— I've kept up, Fve forced ' myself to be better for this — for this !' ' You will wear yourself out, ma'am,?' said the nurse. 'You musts not talk, you must be auiefc or I shall have to send the young lady away.' 'No, no!' cried the dying woman, again clutching Dora with fevered arms. '.For what most £ be quiet? — to live a little longer? I only want to live while she's here. I only want it as long as I can see— Dora, you'll etay with me, youTl stay with your poor — pool? — -' ' She shall stay as long as you want her, bat for God's sake think of something else, woman —think of where you're going !:J cried Miss ' Bethune harshly over Dora's head. They disposed of her at their ease, talking over her head, bandying about— she who was mistress of her own actions, who had never been made to stay where she did not) wish to stay, or to go where she did not care to go. Bat Dora was silent even in the rebellion of her spirit. There was a something more strong than herself, which kept her there on her knees in the middle of the circle — all, as Miss Bethune had said, attending on the one who was dying, tbe one who was of the first interest, to whom even the Quean would bow anddeferifehe were to come in here. Doradidnotknowwbattosay co a person in such a position. She approved y at was angry that MisB Bethuneshoold bid tbe poor lady think where -she was going. She was frightened and excited, not knowing what dreadful change might take place, what altera tion; before her -very eyes. Her heart began to beat wildly against her breast ; pity was in it, but fear too, which is masterful and obliterates other emotions, yet even that was kept in check by tbe overwhelming influence, the fasci nation of the chamber of death. Then there was a pause ; and Dora, still on ber knees by the side of the bed, met as best she could the light which dazzled her, which enveloped her in a kind of pale, flame, from the eyes preternatural! y brighfethat was fixed upon herfaceaudUstenedastoakindofsfoangelullaby to the broken words of fondness, a murmur of fond names, of half sentences and monosyllables. in the silence of tbe hushed room. ' This eeemed tolastfora long, l^ng time. She was conscious of people passing with bushed steps behind ? her, lookingover her bead, a man's low voice, the whisper of the nurses, a movement of the lights ; but always that transfigured face, all made of whiteness, luminous, the hot breath coming and - going, the hands about her face, tbe murmur of words. The girl was cramped with her attitude for a time, and then the cramp went away and her body became numb, keep ing its position like a mechanical thing, while her mind too was lulled into a curious sense of torpor yet speetatorsbip. This lasted she did not know how long. She ceased to be aware of what was being said to her. Her own name, 'Dora,' over and over again repeated, and strange words that came back to her after wards went on in a faltering stream. Hours might have passed for anything she knew, when at last she was raised, scarcely capable of feeling anything, and put into a chair by the bedside. She became dimly conscious that the brilliant eyes that had been gazing at her so long were being veiled as with sleep, but they opened again suddenly as she was removed and were fixed upon her with an anguish of entreaty. *' Dora, my child — my child ! Don't take her away !' 'She is going to sit by you here,' said a voice which could only be a doctor's voice — ' here by your bedside. It is easier for her. She is not going away.' Then the ineffable smile came back. The two thin hands enveloped Dora's wrist, hold ing her hand close between them, and again there came a wonderful interval — the dark room, the little stars of lights, the soft move ments of the attendants gradually fixing them selves like a picture on Dora's mind. Miss Bethune waa behind in the dark sitting bolt upright against the wall and never moving. Shadowed by the curtains at the foot of tbe bed waa someone with a white and anxious face, whom Dora had only seen on the cheerful lighti and could scarcely identify as Harry Gordon. A doctor and ? the white-capped nurse were in front, tbe maid crying behind. It seemed to go on again and last for hours this strange scene, until there suddenly arose a little commotion and .move ment about the bed, Dora could not tell why. Her hand was liberated ; the other figures came between her and the wan face on the pillow, and she found herself suddenly, swiftly swept away. She neither made any resistance nor yet moved of her own will, and scarcely knew what was happening until she felt the fresh night air on her face, and found herself in a carriage, with Harry Gordon's lace, very grave and white, at the window. 'You will come to me in the morning and let me Know the arrangements, jvhss ±setnune eaid in a low voice. ? 'Yes, I will come ; and thank yon, thank you a thousand times for bringing her,' he eaid. They all talked of Dora as if she were a thing, as if she had nothing to do with herself. Her mind was roused by the motion, by the air blowing: in ber face. 'What has hap pened? What has happened?' ehe asked, as they drove away. ' Will she be up yonder, beyond that shining eky? Will Bhe know as she is known? Will she be satisfied with His likeness, and be like Him, seeing Him as He is?' , eaid Miss Bethune, looking up at the stars, with her eyes foil of big tears. ? 'Oh, teR me,' cried Dora, 'what has hap pened ?' with a sob of excitement ; for whether she was sorry or only awe-stricken she did not 'Just everything has happened that can happen to a woman here. She has got safe away out of it all ; and there are few, few at my time of life that would nob be thankful to be like her — ont of it all, though it may be a great thought to go.' ' Do yon mean that the lady is dead ?' Dora aeked in a voice of awe. 'She is dead, as we say; .and content, having had her heart's desire.'1 . ' Was that me?' cried Dora, humbled by a great wonder. 'Me? Why should she have wanted me so much as that and not to let me go?' ' 'Oh, child, I know no more than you and yet I know well, welL Because she was your mother, and you were all she had in the ?world.' 'My mother's sister,9' said Dora, with a childish sternness; 'and,' she added after a moment, ' not my father's friend.' 'Ob, hard life and hard judgment,' cried Miss Bethune^ 'Your mother's own self, a poor martyr, except that at the last ehe has had, what not every woman has, for a little moment, her heart's desire.' (To he continued.) 