Sermon for Sundays1 Joy, Joy' for Evek Bv O. H. SrtmoEON. -.But let all those that put -their.' trust vln Thee, rejoice ; let them ever shautfor joy;bcoauso'I'hbu; aefendest them ; lot them also that love Thy namo be joyful In Theo.— Psalm v. U. . Tho Bubjeot for this morning is joy, tlio joy of faith, the joy which is. tho fruit of thb.Spirit from tho root to truat in God. May wo not. only talk about It'at this h'dtjr, hnt enjoy, it now ana evermore ! It is plousant to read, and hoar, and think uhout joy ;.:lmt to bo filled witli joy and pcaoo through believing is a far more satisfying tiling. I want you to boo not only tlio sparkling fountain of joy, but to drink deep draughts of it ;' yes, -and' drink all tho woek, all tho month, and' all tho year, and all the. rest: 'of your livos, both in time and in eternity. ' "Lot tho children of Zion ho joyfulin thoir King." Note, first:, conoorning this joy. that it Is to be universal .to all -who trust: "Let ull-thosa that put their trust in .Thee rejoice,." This is not only for tho healthy, hut for the sioklv ; not only for the successful, butt for tho dfs-' uppoiuted ; not only for thoso who havo tlio bird in tlio hand, -.hut fur -those who onlyuco it in tho hush. Let all rejoioe I - -If you have hut a little faith, yet if you are trusting in tho Lord you.httve .a right, to joy. It may bo -your joy will not riso so high as it might do if your faith were greater.; bat still, .where faith Is tr AO, it; gives. sure- ground- for- joy. .-. O ye babes, in grace) -yo. littlo ohildren, .you, tmit havo heon nowly converted, and - sadly fuel' your foobloness, yet rejoice, for tho Lord will bless thorn thut fear- Him, "both, small and great!" "Fear not, thou worm, Jacob." "Fear not, littlo flook."- . There is a. joy whioh is as milk to_ nouridi babes — a joy which is not as meat with bouos in it, for tho Lord uddoth lio sorrow therewith. Tlio littte ones of tho flook need not vox themselves concerning the deep things , of God, for there in joy. in - those shallows of simple truth where liimbs may safely wado. Tho joy of the Lord is softened down to feebldconstitutions. . Let it overpower them. Tho samo great sea which floods , the vast hays also flows iuto the tiny creaks. "Lot nil those that put thoir trust in Thee rejoice." You, . Miss Much-afraid, over vendor, you urb to icjoico. You, Mr. D.ospon- aenoy, hardly daring to look up, you must yet learn to sing. As for Mv. Ready-to-halt, he must danco on his crutches, and Feoble-mind must plajr tho musio for him. It is the mind of the Holy GhoBt that those who trust in the Lord should roioice before Him. This joy is ' logical. Wlien I; was a child, and wontto sohool, I remember learning out of a book called "Why and Beoauso." Things ono loarns us' a ohild stick in tho momory ; and therefore I iiko u text whioli has a "hecauso" iii it Horoitis: "Lot' thorn over. shout for joy, hecauso Thou def endest them.' ' ' Emotions are not fired by logic"; and yot reasons furnish fuel for theflumo. A man may he sod, though he cannot explain his Badness, or he may be greatly glad,, though ho cannot sot. -forth, tho reasons for his joy. " Tho joy of a believer in God has. a firm foundation ; it is not tho base less fabfio of a vision. Tho joy of faith bonis like coals of juniper, and yet it can ho calmly explained and justified. The joyful believhr is no lunatio, carried away by a delusion ; he has it " becauso" with whioli to account for all his joy— a icason which ho can "considor on his bed in the night watohos, or defend against a scoifing world. Wo havo a satisfactory reason for our most oxuborant joy: "Tho Lord hath dono great things for ns ; whereof wo are glad." Philosophers can bo happy without musio, and tsarats- can ho happy despite circumstances. With joy wo draw water out of deeper mid fuller wells than sqbh as Father Jacob digged. Our mirth is as soberly reasonable as the world ling's fears! . Tlio believor's joy arises from tho God in whom he trusts, " Lot ull 'thoso that put thoir trust - in ;Thee -rejoice." . -Whon, uftor many a weary wandering,- the , dove of your soul has at last come -buck .to the.-ark;-ana/Noah;ha8.put out his. hand 'and "puUod-.her in untohim„"; the, poor, weary creature is happy.. Taken iuto Nouli's hand and mado to nestle in- lii bosom, she feels, so safe, so ponQeful! The weary leagues of tho wild waste' of waters aro all forgotten, or only remembered to givo zest to tno reposo. no, wlien you trust in God, your soul has -found a quiet resting place, a pavilion of reposo ! The littlo oliiok runs to und fro in fear. - Tho inothor hen calls it homo. Slio spreads her soft wings ovor tho brood. Have you never scon the littlo ohicks -when they aro housed under.the hen, how they put out thoir littlo heads through the feathers, and peep . and twittor so prettily P It is a chiok's heavon to hide under its mother's bosom. It is perfectly happy ; if could not bo more content ; its tittle chick nature is brimful of delight. . Bo thiB thy joy- also: "Ho shall cover ffieo. with His feathers, and under ' His wings shidt thou trust; His truth Bhall bo thy shield and buckler." My nature goto all its wonts sup plied, all its desires gratified, when it rests in God. Oil, you thut have never trusted God. in . Christ Josns, you do. not know what real hap piness means 1 You may search all the theatres in London, and ransuok all tho musio halls, and.olubs.und public- houses, hnt you will find no happiness in uny.of- their mirth, or show, or wine. True joy dwolls where dwells tho living God, and nowhere olse. In' your own homo with God, ovon though'that homo he only a single room and your meal ho very scanty, you will soo more of heavon than in tho palaces of kiugs 1 Have God for your sole trust) and you will nover luok for joy. Otir joy arises next from' what the' Lord does for us;- "Let 'thcni shout for -joy, -bo- cause "Thou defendest them." ' God always guurds his people, whoever miiy attack them. "Tho Lord is thy koepor." Angels are our gmirdianB, Providenco is our protector; but God Himself 'is tho presorvor of His choson. " Thou shnlt not be afraid for tho terror 'by night; nor for tho arrow thatfiyeth by day ; nor for tho pestilence that walketiT in darkness; nor for tho destruction that wasteth at noonday." No fortress jguarda tho' soldier so woll as God guards His redeemed. The God of our1 salvation will defend ns from all ovil ; He will dofond our souls. . " Though an host should encsmp against me, my hoart Bhall nut four ; though war should riso against ino, in this will I ho confident." I havo pointed to. the deep sources from which -the joy of tho bolievor wells up ; hut I must also add, it is by faith that this jOv cbracs tous.Faithmakosjoyfuldiseovories.I spouk to thoso of you who have faith. Whon you fibst beliovcd in;. Christ you - found that -you were savod,.. and. knew that you. wore' forgiven. Somo tittle whilo after you discovered that you were chosen of God from boforo tho foundation of tho world. Oh, tho rapture vof , your sonl wlieii tho Lord appeared oi old unto you, say ing, " Yea, I have loved' thoo with atr ovor- lastinglove; therefore with loving kindness ha vo I drawn thoo 1 Tho glorious dootrino . of eleotioniBaswines .on. the lees well refinod tq -those who .by faith - reccivo it ; and ,it brings with it a now, intense, and refinpd joy, such as the wqrld' knows nothing of. . Having' dis covered your olootion of God, you looked further into your justification ; " for whom Ho called, them He' also 'justified.". "What a peari is justification ! In Ohriat tho believer Is as just in the sight of God as if ho had novor sinned;' hefe.dovorod with aperfoot righteous ness, and is accepted in tho Beloved. What a joy is- justification by fuitb, whan it is wall understood! What bliss hire to loom our union to Christ 1 Bolievors are mombers of His body, of - His ' flesh, and of his hones. Hecauso ho lives, wo shall, five also. One with Jesus! Wonderful discovery this. Equally full of joy is our adoption! ' "Bolovcd, now aro wo the sons of God;" "arid if ohttdron thou heirs ; hoirs bf God, and joint hoirs with Christ." Faith thus heaps fuel on tho fire of our joy ; for it keeps on making discoveries out of tho Word of tho Lord. The more you search the Scriptures, and tho ncuroi yon livo to God, tho more you will enjoy of that great goodness which tlio Lord has laid up in storo for them that fear Him. Though " cyo hath not soon, nor car heard, tlio things which God-huth pre pared fer theiri that lovo Him, " yet "Ho hath revealed them unto us by nis Spirit;" und tlioroby Ho puta giudiicss into our hearts more than increasing com uud wiuo could bring. Abovo all, faith haH an cyo to tho ctcru'al reward. Slio rejoices in her proapcots. Sho taken into her hands tho birds which to othors arc in tlio bush. To bo with Christ in tho glory land in tho joy of hope) tho hopo which nlgjtji nijt.nsJmmecU Op, i; hope i:; no dream.; .aerenro ,aa.; wo ;afe; horo:..to-day; -.we who riro frilstirijn Christ mil be hThcavon'tjeforbloVg, fpr Ho prays' thut we nmy: bo withi-Him ,whora lifi'-is," and jniyboh'olii.Hls glory. !,' Lot us not wish 'to "p'oBtpono Itlio" hhppy dai.' ) Shull.our bridal day' bo kopt back t Nay, lqt'thoBridb-. groom sppedily como ' rind tako us to Himself. "What a joy to know that this head shall wear ,'a' ororiff "glory, and those hands shall wavo tlio . pahn bnuioh of viotory ! I spoak uot of myself alone, my brethren, but of you also, and ' of all thorn that lovo: His appearing! Thoro is a. orown of life Iiid up for you, whioli tho righteous Judgo ' will givo you. "Whiero- foyo, havo pationoe. li llttle: wlule. ' Dear atlll your cross; .Put up .wltii "tlio' difficulties of tho way, Tor the end is almost within sight. . 'Tlio way may'liB rough! tiutitbaririotbolorig; .So we'll smooth it with liopn, and ohoor it . wit(i-«ong. ... r'.'.. . , . . May tho Lord give us the ears of faith where- with ... to hear tho bolls of horiyeu ringing out from lifav- over tho waters of timo ! . ' Faith has alwuyH reason fpr. joy, sinoo God is always'tho samo ; His promises are the same ; and Hiapower and will .to fulfil ore tlio same, In an' unc)iailging God wo find, unchanging reasons for joy. j I wo draw water, .from tho well of God. wo may draw ono day. as woll us another, uud nover find the water abated ; but if we mako.our joy to depend in. part upon creatures and circumstances, wo may find our i'oy leak out through the cracks in the cistern. just Sunday .morning I oried out'toyou, "-Both foot ' on the 'rock ! ' Both feet .on' the rock 1" and tho words led ono poor heart to tiy tho power of undivided faith, in God. This , is tho rbad'to joy, and there is no' other. Drink waters from thine own fountain, and do not gad abroad after others. Is not tlio Lord enough, for' thee P Is it not sufficient to say, " All my feosli springs aro in Thoo f" Neithor life, nor death, nor poverty, nor sickness, nor bcreavomont, nor slaridor, nor death itself, shall quench thy joy if it bo founded in God alone. , Lot mo say to soino of ypu.who lovo to raiso objections, what do you know about' this joy P Are yon unbelievers? ' "Well,' then, you are out' of court ; you are not competent to judgo. The griefs of boliovors you do not know, and with thoir joy you cannot intormoddlo. You liavo rial spiritual taste 'or discernment,' and what judgment pan you form P A genuine believer may bo as happy as the angels, and yet you may not know His joy because you aro not in tho seorofc. ' You have riot a spiritual mind, and the carnal mind oannot discern spiritual things. I would have you speak with bated breath when you talk on this mutter. Whon a blind' man goes to tho'Royal Academy, his criticisms on the piotures ore not worth muoh ; .'but thoy are quite equal to yours in value when you speak of (spiritual things. You cannot know what joy in the Lord may mean; for,, alas,, you aro u stronger to such heavenly things. . Alas ! somo professors of religion are more pretenders; thoso havo no joy of tho Lord. To carry ont- thoir pretence, these persons oven imagino that it is uecessarjr to pull a long face and to talk very solemnly, not to say dismally. Their idea of religion is that hlaok is the colour of heaven. - But, dear . friends, we cannot prevents hypocrites arising ; it is only a proof that truo religion iswortli having. Yon took a bad half-sovereign the other niglit, did you P Did you say,- "All half-sovereigns. aro worth less, -I will- never -take -another P'- - Not so ; you bocamo more careful, but "you were quito sure thut there were -good 'half-sovereigns in ourrenoy, for olso people would not make counterfeit ones. It would not. pay anybody to bo a hypocrite unless - there .were enough genuine Christians to make the hypocrites pass current. -Therefore, do. not say too muoh about liypooritical wcopors, 'loot you slander truo men. Next, remember that some persons, are con stitutionally, sad. Thoy cried us soon as thoy were horn; thoy oried whoa thoy out thoir teeth ; and, they have cried over since.- Thoir. spirits are very low down, and when tho grace of God. gets into their hotuts it lifts them a great deal to bring . ! thorn up , to a docont lovel Of joy,... Ihipk of .what , fhoy- would havo .boon without it. , Many would. havo died in despair,, if it had not been fen faith) The'grapo of God, has kejpt tlioiri np, or thoy would havo lost thoir' r'orison. ; I atn 'sorry tboro should, be persons who hiivo bach livers, ) feeble digestions, or irritated brainkj; but there are suoli. Pity them, even. if yoq blamo them. They -must not so pity themselves as to' make' an oxcuso fnr f.Ti niu imVioliAf "hnf wa mnaf.>mmAmYiaw often the spirit truly is willing) ' but tho floah is weak. " When you havo met with Christiana who ore not happy, did it ovor strike yon that their depreBBion might only bo for' a timo under vory sovero trial P You may go to tho eouth of France, where tho days aro so Sunny, rind you may happon'to ho' there' for a coppfe of days only,, ana it may rain all thb timo; it would he' unfair on that account, to. Say that it' is a gloomy place.'. So. it may bo that tho Christian is under, extreme pressure for tho time, and whon that'.' is moderated: ho will'bo very joyful. I do 'not oxouso hislossof joy; hut, still) there is a November of -fogs in 'tbo yoar of mostmon, Judge no man: by tho day, hut watch his spirit on a larger, sonlo, and soo whether he does not usually delight himself in God: . if you say that somo Christians are unhappy, muBt you not also admit that many of thorn aro very happy P. I was onoo waited upon byan enthusiast who had a now religion to publish. Numbers of people havo a craok which lots in new light, and this man. was going to convert mo to his now idoas. After I had heard him I . said, "I havo hoard your story, will -you hear mine ?" Whon l talked .to' him of my lot and portion in tho lovo of a covenant God, und iho safety of the - believer in Christ, ho. said, ."Now, sir, if you belisvo all this, you ought to ho- the huppiest man. in,, tho worldi" I admitted, that- his inference was true; - hut then I said to hkn what rather, surprised ihim, "So I am; and I am going to ho' .more so all the rest of my life." If a. man is i uhason of God from before the foundation of tho world, ,is redeemed, by: tho precious, blood of .Christ, is-qaiokened by the Holy Ghost, and renowed in tho spirit of his mind, is one with Christ, and on his way to heaven— if ho .is not happy, lie ought to bo. . Suroly, wo. ought to rejoioe.abundantly, dear , friends, for ours is a happy lot. "Happy-. ore tho peoplo whoso 'God is tho Lord.", . If God's poople aro not happy at times, it is not. thoir faith which makes them unhappy— i Ask them. It is. not what you hetib.ve thatmakes .you unhappy, it is your want .of .faith, is it not P..; If a man begins to doubt, ho begins to sorrow,; so far as his faith goes, hb has joy. Oh, for more faith ! Faith' doos. oreato joy. We oiin answer till objeotions hy tho fact that V wo that havo bolioved do enter into rest." ' .Do you not know that if you aro full of joy you will ha turning tho oharming sido of religion whpro men can see it P, I should not liko to wear my coat with the seamy sido out ; some religionists always do that, . It was said of ono great professor that he looked as if his religion' did not agreo with him.' Godliness is not a rack or a thumhscrcw. Bebavo not to' religion as if you' folt that' you must tako.it like !so miioH physio, hut you 1 had rather hot. 'If it tastes like nauseous physio to you, 'I should fear you havo got the wrong 8ort,a'nd aro' poisoning yourself, " Believe not that1 trim -godliness is akin to , 'sourness, Cheerfulness is next to godliness, "Whon tthou fastotb, anoint thine head, and wash thy, face"that thoujappoar not uttto-meh to fast." Weed but levity,- but oultivato joy. Thus will you win other hearts to follow Josns; ' Remember that if you are aiivays joyful you are rehearsing the musio of the skies., v Wo aro going thoro vory soon ; lot us not be ignorant of tho musio of its. ohoirs, . I should' not like to'crowd into my scat, and hoar ; the, choir- mustor'aay, "Do you know your part P" and thon havo to answer, "Oh, no, I have never sung while I was on earth, for I hod no joy in < tho Lord." I think I shall answor to tho choirmnator, and say, ' "-Yes ; - 1 have long since sung, ' Worthy is tho Lamb.' I would bogih tho ipusto here, And so my soul shall riso ; . Oh, for some heavenly notes to boas Mypasiions to tho sides.' . Witlijoy wa rohcarso tlio song of songs. Wo pay , glad homage now boforo Jehovah's throne. Wo sing uuto tho Lord our gladsomo harmonics, and wo will do so as . long as wo liavo any being. Fass mo that score, O cliiof musician of tlio skies, for I can take up and iiing my part in bass or tonoi or trolilo or nlto or sopnuio, as my voice may bo. Tlio key is joy in God. Whatever tho p;u't. aligned us, t tio ouiu'ji o i p qll ioi , May'spmoof ypu that havbnbver joyed in Josus , Christ limto how. to praise Him to-day by being \ ' washed in, His prepious blood.' You that havo praised ITim.. jong, :, may, 'you .-learn your; score . yot more fully, .and .sVig in- bbtter tune hohco« fdrtli'andfor ovorinoro. Amon. .. : )' : .: 