THE WIDE WORLD. The tallest building in Stockholm Is thtf huge won lattice-work tower of the oental telephone depot. Myriads of wires run from it, darkening the air. Everyone in Swedes uses the teleobone. and uses it, moreover. very much. In the boarding houses of the Swedish capital the most significant feature in the routine is its never-ending telephonie babble. jIFhen e correspondent of thelGorn- hill," who was staying at one of these establishments, awoke in the morning it was to hear the jingle of the bells in tbe corridor outside his room and the iteration of the word 4(hvad" (what ?) One morning be asked tiie landlord, who was at the machine what it all meant. His wife, he replied, was baying some stores, end- was telling him about them and their prices, and he, on his part, wee shooting back to tell her in which particulars the prices seemed reasonable and in which unreasonable. Another day the writer s landlord went for a sledge drive Into 4h0 country. When he had been gone two hours the telephone began to be annoying, and his wife stayed at it a long time crying 44 Oh ! " and 44 Ah I " and 44 yes" and 44 no." u It is monsieur," explained a young lady who hap pened to be standing by. 44 He is resting' for dinner at — — , and is informing madame abont the inoidente of his excursion and the details of the meal that is bring prepared foe him." Not even a Westminster election, memor able as the elections for that oity have been, is better remembered than that of 1784, in which Fox, The Man of tbe People, was opposed by Sir Cecil Wray. 44 There were 20,006 votes, according to the authors of Qoeens of Society, to be polled, and the opposing parties resort d to anj means oi intimidation or violence or per suasion which political enthusiasm could. suggest. On the eighth day the poll waa against the popular member, and he called npon his to make a great effort on. bis behalf. It was then that the 'ladies canvass' began. Lady Don cannon, tha Duchess of Devonshire, Sirs Crewe and Mrs Damer dressed themselves in blue and buff— tbe oolors of the American Indepen dents, which Fox Lad adopted and wore in the house of Commons — and set out to visit the purtiens of Westminster. Here in these anfTinnaom thttv aliAftlr tliA I? bttndR flf honest workmen, expressed the greatest in terest in their wives and families, and even, as in the case of Duchess of De vonshire, submitted their cheeks to ha kissed by the possessors of votes. At thn butcher's shop the owner, tn his apron and sleeves, stoutly refused his vote except oa one condition — 4 Would her Grace give hima kiss?' The request was granted, and the vote thus purchased went to swell the - majority which finally secured the return of 'The Man of the People. " - - The last number of the 44 Yladivostoek," newspaper published in Eastern . Siberia, . < reveals a terrible state of affairs among the convicts on the island of finghalim. It would appear that the convicts there have been treated by some of the subordinate prison. authorities so harshly that the Governor of the island has been obliged to interfera for their protection. A warder named Khanoff and some of his - assist . J fSltB, who ' at- one-r ,i: -o' VW-tmuiihli" T.'ff tnemselvSanaliaa been raised to the rank of f gaolers, have been removed frem their posts. KhanofTe treatment of his prisoners was so abominable that a number of them crippled themselves of set pnrpose, catting off ; . > fingers and toes in order to 'bo-; n treated as invalids, and to be freed from. his terrible cruelties. Others fled to the am- 2 penetrable forests, where they suffered . all the horrors of hunger. In a satdhel belonging to a fugitive convict, who had - been hunted down, was found some pieces ; .2 of human flesh. Investigation revealed £ that this man had been one of aparty of footer 'j and that only one of them now remained.- S The others had been killed and flavored by their comrades. cases iiK> wwnrTticp in fl»> Owniui lAnRinlimfc ;. v:s nfreqnent. . . - 5S A writer in an English paper give, azi - amusing, but, 1 fear, unveracioue account of;.-' a performance of "Hamlet," whioh toot "iSf place in Melbourne as far back as 1S52, Th. . ' moody Dane, acoording to this pieoe stage romance, was understand ed nob, _S of the pioneers of the esdy fifties.- "The" -"Jj audience treated tbe whole soene with £oo3flj| humored fun. One waa so impreffledJ»yili£sM| Wng rti.t ii. tumdad .a. -stage rocoszdi bottle of brandy by the thong of -jsB stock whip from the callery. 5be VthirAjigi| act was transformed into a most amhnjmgljl colloquy betweenthe grave diggernndthegofifS diggers from Gaglehawk, made up of n«inral|® |j enquiries about toe depth of nhilnng niriijj jhrT5i| return per tub, which so tickled Hamlet that / < he gave up toe soliloquy -and joined in thoX : ' joking. Ultimately, Hamlet, 0|h6lia'SnilQ®|| the Ghost, in undress, wore obliged to appearT ;t before the footlights to bear a peltiiigw-iiiij shower of nuggets as t a for bouquets." This is, . undo abtodly,- ; ;yf very amusing, bat scarcely credible. J; snspeot the explanation is that toe perform- 3 jilj ance was so infernally bad that toe' peopto v'T .y threw pieces of quartz at the actors, whbfXS thereupon went away to toe nearest piflduftfeaj house, and boasted that they badbad u<4eto thrown to them. Those old diggers were notS|Sa the men to lavish a " pelting Shower %9jfl nuggets'1 upon manglera of Shakespeare. V- -38811 Hag Ahmet-el-Assai, a pilgrim jately torSiM turned from toe Heooa pilgrimage, baa toeea J|||i| narrating toe terrible experiences of jai»jpggfcj party to the editor of a - natiimWS Eovntian paper called toe " Mbkattam. r ' The pilgrim, whose retyeotebitityj'JlB'pfl vouched for, we are told, Egyptian Sheik who is greatly reepentzd SttWMM Cairo, declares that on retaining fromMisMaSyBBl the ' ' Rafilat " or detachment of toe ea£avaS3i3l to which he belonged, and whioh pocedof abont TOO camels, left 'Airtoin jtoigHB daybreak and halted at sunset at foot of a mountain, on . the »roal® to Yambo. A few minutes after :'toirl|lK| ing there, the Rafilat, composed . of Jmeallall women, and children, brand Ihrnnselvee, sur- -'J-slsg rounded by Bedouins <)f the desert,- tacked them with the utmost mvagety, - ing and maiming the men of the tarty. S«Bg.afeBI hot, dry sand was wet with blood. 'fSomeKf the women, after being ltobedr,pf|harl||jj clothes and valuables, were ieft fate ; toe yonnger mid better loohmgtoallBli were carried oS as alavee. difficulty the narrator 1 3oftownb?-&s;| escaped with Ids life. - The grims so crnelly outraged had r paid . six piastres pach wud twenty each for their oamels to toe':GhretnmrmS Medina, to secure :protetS<»n'T'ffM''Mtflj Bedouins. -The oont3uSontoaBSaB Egyptian paper is toatiheS@5iS8fl8B ment is not really master ii leaves ths Sheiks abs61ntet»lMS8Hj plunder, provided they 'T- allegiance. «r 