WE 0THRE OF OUR fRUITS, _-A_i_._ ? - . JH.. ? - THE BUNBURY DISTRICT. -The lourney from Perth to Banbury wee, . serer very exciting-1suQnld think, eren inj the days «bea the stage coaoh was the only means of transit. B,at now, even the mild excitement of the hustle and departure of \- inc coach, the long tedisus jottrney, and the -, revival of excitement,, abd- the suppressed > and unsuppressed thankegivinge, as the end b reacheo, most .all go before the inroads of |be, iron horse/ very little longer on F 4bjsread at least shall I listen to >"Tbe stags driver's story, as he stood with ' bis back to the wheelers/ - ' Quietly flecking bis whip, and turning bis quid of tobaooo/V V Vo longer Will the reekless laugh and the #- timid shudder as tbs driver reoonnts how th« ..... soaph was npsst going down a oertain.grade, .gr, wstnok up*' at a oertain point, and bis sostenes *'put to'tbs hasard and tom of a ?»fer "-bnt I was forgetting-stages are *. 1^ stank np ia this «DIDJW 1 l»lisve, ondr .", moU/fri, <or tbs wast of bushwhackers.. _ , , Even tte horses look dejeoU4 and unhappy, s>*lf tt'ey'feel their days «re numbered and lire " not entto snre «hat is before them. If tbisyfeel as they look there is au obituary notice right in front of several I have made acquaintance witb. All this mut go, the leaders and tbs wheelers to more bumble occupation, anti the driver to aa obsoority, where he will no longer be a hero and the arbiter of the box seat. A few days will see the two ends of the second section of the Perth-Bunbnry railroad linked together, and I hear tho finit of May-caji me early McNeil darling-will find the road completed, and ia tho hands of the Government. The only thing I personally regret is that tbe two j ends were not " linked in dulcet sweetness " bofere I went down, but as this has nothing te do with the past, present or future of Bunbury, I forbear saying anything more abont it The good people of Pinjarrah were all oat of doors the day I went down, haring their races and lunch. It appeared to me thatlunch, which lasted all day withont any intervals, was the prime object of tbe meet iog. I did not see muoh racing, bnt an awful lot of turkey and faeme-meie pies end other delicacies of local production, and if th» future of Bunbury suffers, Pinjarrah hos- pitality will be to blame for I was, and am still, very muck like a Scotch friend who prophetically exclaimed when he smelt the haggis going up ti dinner, " Eh mon, won't I Buffer the morn!" After a somewhat excit- ing drive by moonlight orar the *' gap " wbioh divides the two ends of the railroad, Banbury was reached, ta be litsrally oorreot, "at an early boar" on Thursday in last week. . . e . . I have,a very unfortunate habit of forming advance impressions of any place I am going to. I supposa thia is common mere or less to. everyone. Ons oonld hardly be-bound to aplace withont wondering what it waa like and forming * mental picture of some kind ; bat I am particularly unfortunate : in my "ádranos proofs," if I may call anything so utterly intangible and unreliable a proof. If the person or the place does «ot oome up to the standard of the ideal I had formed there is another idol of au hour knocked off its pedestal, another dream witb a rode awakening. Oa the other hand, when my ideal is away below the reality, as is not unfreqaently the case, then I feel even more mean, and aa if I had been trying to do the person or the place ont of its just rights. I feel as if I had watered the whiskey and palmed it off as e.p. And this is the sensa- tion I experienced when I saw the sun rise over Bunbury, and still more d«eply,. did; I suffer when £ saw the nature of the .country round abont. My humiliation wa« oompleto and I freely esafeas it and ask ab elution, ; I bad piotored Bsnbury as a one-horse kind Of place, mads np chiefly of sand, shells, shab- biness, shanties, sooambuliats and several other enburles that don't all begin withS. Imagine,dear reaeersr-I,believe it ia the oorreot thing to call readers (proof readers exceptad) dear once in a whits--Imagine my surprise and pleasure In beholding a well-, built and well- lajd ont town delightfully situated oa the banks of a deep estuary. The streets are wide and the ¡stores abd noneca of no maan order. The town ia re- freshingly clean and tidy in appearance, pretty little gardens abound, and the quaint nooks and corsera one coini« aoross at every tnrn remind one that Bosbury ls not ¿ crea- tion of to-day. The trafilo over ita thorough, fares is not that of Hay-street; there ir not .the rush and excitement, and bustle, one sees in Collin« Street. The people of Bunbury de business, and plenty of it, bbt they do it qaiet'y and unostentatiously and they are never so rushed as to bs unable to find time for a «' wedlock of bargains" at the " Bose " or the "Prinoe of Wales." All thia is well, because it promotes longevity-and good feeling, and other things ot a kindred nature that have a tendency to increase one's adipose tissue. And then there is the climate I and that alone is quite enough-judging by the sample I had-to make à man live for ever, or as long as he can, and then die in donbt as to whether he is likely to benefit by the change from a climatic point of view. Bnt there are perhaps critical readers who will say they have known residents of the tropics shuffle off their mortal ooils with the same doubt wafting ita wings above them, and that this ia no recommendation. All I oan say » reply to such nasty and uncharitable criticism is that the destination of the Bun- bury people is not ia that direction. Though they may not all have been born good, Nature has been so extravagantly gênerons to them in every way that they have nq inducement to go to any place where they can not toke their blankets in safety. . * ? * « There is nothing I can imagine that would induce them to go wrong except the pardon- able desire to oatch tbs largest fish. I went oat fishing with a harpoon, and tinned saus- ages ana a water bag, and'David Hay and several other persons sud things. We had sot time to catch very many fish, but wo caught quite enough in the time te shew pne that the fish are utterly reckless abont their Uves, that they seem to be born with a desire to impale themselves on the first hook that öfters, and that they don't always wait to grow np before they do this. Tbs bjg ones having lived so long withont finding a hook is to bs solely attri- buted to the want pf hooka. Pith ranging from a atone to a huadredwsigbt are oommon eeonrronoes (two or three'days after the party bas returned to land), and if I had re- mained mach longer I should, bavp felt in. ofined to jest no a whaling fleet and a boiling dpwn et^bliabmeht. It seems a pity so many Urge fish Bbould have-to go to sea again unhooked bnt not M unwept, unhonored anä unsung.'' The fishing is really excellent in every respeot. Plenty of well sheltered! water and plenty ot fish. This should prove a great attraction to visitors-this, and the chance of catohiug the biggest fish and talk ing about it af tar wards Which is perhaps the greatest of ail pleamares. Telling a fish story is no more a criminal offence than teil ing a ghost story on Christmas eve. In fact they are very similar in many respects. In all the best ghost stories I have beard the ghost never had any foundation in fact; he was merely introduced as a phantom peg on which to hang the tale. The same tbing applies to fi»h stories and snake yarns. But as I have said these j are not criminal amusement like burglaries j and " nnder and over," and the three- oard j trick, and long beers, and the drink tramo and opening public-houBes on Sunday, and do net fill our penitentiaries and poor-houses and compel the State to spend ajl its surplus cash in maintaining one-half the people at the expense of the other half instead of build- ing railways and other reproductive works. I am sure Ur. Timperley, if "I had asked bim would have told BIB that crime was at a dis- gracefully low ebb at Bunbury, and that nothing over an oooasional five shillings, or twenty-fonr honrs disturbed the placid serenity of the Criminal Court. . . a a # ?? ? I am trying to show-in a very round about way, I admit-what a very desirable place Bunbury is. I saw a good deal of its surroundings and for this I sm indebted largely to the gentleman whose name I baye just mentioned. Mr. Timperley has bein always on the go in the service of the colony, and this has prevented bim going i.ito fruit and vine-growing. He nevertheless believes in both, and ha told the gentleman who attended the meeting to fora the association, that the first thing be would do if he took np land would be to plant ont trees and vines in the garden. In addition to this Mr. Tim- perley is an author of nome repute, and unlike ma%y authors I have met of greater ens'less repute, a most genial spirit. To him and Mr. Stafford, who took the greatest possible trouble to show me round, and te Mr. E. M. Clarke, the president of the new Vine end Frott-Grewers' Association, I am largely indebted for the pleasure and snooBBS of my visit . . " . « . The great drawback to Bunbury has, I am told, been tts inaccessibility. As far as l can see this ie its only natural drawback, and within a very few weeks ibis will no longer exist. The railway will be open and'then Bunbury will be within four or dre honra pf Perth. What a doHghjtiul change of climate and scene for the business people cf the, capital city. Fro»' Saturday till Monday I they will be able to gainst'sew lease of life. The jaded man pf business who, as we baie been assured.lately, hoe to make both ends meet on a 19 per cent,profit ; the' bloated' publican, wbo waxes fat on wb«t we wejre assured ,by the same speaker was no Jess than 100" per cent, profit, the clerks, and all their wives and, ohildren, abd sisters and oousihs and aunts will be able to'sing to j[paraphra|ie Milton) in solo and chorus individually and collectively s- ' " Retiring from, the popular-noise, I seek ! This unfrequented place to find some «ase Ease ta thc body some, and to the mind ' From, restless thongh ts" The -servant gal and the Sunday dinner and, >óther harassing domestic bares, may I add, as these things and unrequited bills at three months, were not known to Milton as we know them now. Bunbury bas everything to recommend it as a seaside resort, It has in the first placé a , eummer climate that is in every way delight- ful. It is an attractive town in itself, olean and healthy; it ia prettily situated on the. estuary which ie always placid and abounds, in fish ; it is proteoted from the 41 rage of old ocean," though the ocean is OIQSO at hand. There are charming walks «nd drives in all I directions, and all this is, er will be ia a few weeks, within ooo.«e and «few shilling's ride on the railroad of Perth. . ; , » .:» # - # Now, I have something else in store besides praise for Bunbury and its people. Banbury is not, in its present state, prepared to receive « large influx of visitors. Thara mu«t«be some preparation made, and will the Bunbury people make the neoessary preparations ? ' I «rn inclined to think there will have to ba au invasiqn of the Cloths and Huns of excursion- ists from the metropolis before th« Bunbury people folly realice what a paternal Govern- ment has done for them in building that railroad. Everything that is worth' eating eau be grown around Bunbury. Fish, meat, poultry, eggs, milk, butter, vegetables, fruit, -there ÍB a mena for you I «nd one that makeB my mouth water as I write it, and think of the eggs laid about three years ago iq the backblooks of Adelaide that I shall have to face to-morrow morning for breakfast, «nd the butter that I have to shave before I oin nae it. And yet, thonrh all these nice things would really grow themselves at Bunbury if they b«d only Wry little provocation, I tried to get a few lbs. of fresh butter to bring back with me. No, there was only à limited supply, and that waa all used in the plaoe. I watched two fruiterers go up the street peddling fruit from their carts on Saturday morning. Tho lot was. sold before half the town had been supplied. I supposé they will start at tila Other end of the town next week and equalise mattara that way ; every one getting fruit once a fortnight ! And accommodation tq» ! Where «re the people io be put from Satur- day till Monday E I bear the proprietor of the Bose is gpingto build a new house, ana) I noticed the Prince of Wales hotel ie berni added to, but tilla will not hoto Berth and Fremantle on a holiday. And I also hear the Municipal Council is going to erect . swimming bath. Several energetiq residents urged the matter oh, «nd with bvery prospect of success $ «m Riad to say.. Tupi h aomë' encouragement, and shows inst the futnre of Banbury ie not beiog lost sight of altogether. Bat there is much more te be done. People wilt sot care to stay in the swimming bath all the time, nor will they care to provide for themselves. Bunbury has its billet ; and it is destined to become a great place if the people know how to spell opportunity. They have at last been given what they so long bave pined for-Basy and rapid oem manieation with other portions of the colony ; will they now eeiee the opportunity ? They have only te pat out their bands and gather the rich, ripe fruit that will shortly hang within easy resob, and prove a most profitable crop. lu my next I shall have something to say about the district and its capabilities. _ 