OCR, AMERICAN LETTER. SILVER AND NOT THE TARIFF THE BURNING ISSUE. ANOTHER LAND RUSH. AMERICAN MILLIONAIRES AND TAXATION. [From our own Correspondent.] New York, October 14, 1S03. The country is literally being talked to death. Six weeks ago the House of Repre sentatives passed the Silver Repeal Bill, which, almost without exception, the commercial classes regard as a vital prerequisite to a restoration of industrial activity, and sent it to the Senate. But iu the Senate, not only is the calling of the previous question an un known regulation, but there is absolutely no limit to the time allowed to any individual senator to explain his views upon a pending Bill. The silver men, therefore, evolved the brilliant idea of defeating the Repeal Bill—or what comes to the same thing, compelling the other side to accept a compromise—by talking on for ever. This was their threat, arid they have made the threat good. There was only one possible way to discipline them—to insist upon a continuous session, day and night, without intermission even tor a senator s three "square meals a day"—and even that haB failed. When at last issue was joined upon this basis, a western conversational athlete, named Allen, from Nebraska, took the floor, made a few "preliminary remarks" that ab sorbed no less than 14J hours, and then tem porarily yielded the floor to a colleague on condition that he should be permitted to pro ceed to the main body of his discourse later on. ThB next man spoke for eight hours, and then another orator droned away, hour after hour, till the repeal majority melted away to their homes, and a quorum having been broken the Senate was forced to adjourn. The talk ing began again yesterday morning, and it i3 still progressing, and no one knows exaotly when it will end. Such are the possible antics of a " purely deliberative " body. The newspapers, which are nearly all, regardless of party, in favor of repeal, for the very obvious reason that they are suffering, if | not in circulation, at least in advertising, from the general stagnation of business, abuse the Senate roundly, and one might almost be led to suppose thab this highly-respected body, like the House of Lords in England, was in serious danger oE being swept away for good by the wrath of an outraged people. But, of oourse, the Senate would nob dare to assume its present attitude unless it was-sure that it had the support of great masses of voters. xV.nd that ib has such support there can be no doubt. The farmers of the south and west, although their voice rarely finds utter ance in any form in the journals of the great cities, know perfectly well that the real issue is whether tbey shall bo forced to pay off their debts and mortgages in a currency which, by what they regard as an iniquitous trick, has been artificially con tracted. This whole silver question, indeed, has now passed beyond the bounds of mere argument; rightly or wrongly, the farmers believe thab the attempt is being made to do them a great wrong, and they are aflame with passionate indignation. Mr. Cleveland has done his best to secure unconditional repeal, and still declares that he will veto anything short of thab, but this is, of course, mere non sense, and the probability is thab a compro mise of some sort will have to be arranged. I Such a compromise may drive away foreign | capita], but Senator Cameion, of Pennsyl vania, formally welcomed this result, for, as he said with at least some show of truth, the assistance of such capital had doue more harm than good—a plain allusion to the English holders of the Reading railroad, who two years ago insisted upon making the mining of coal a close monopoly and then charging consumers a dollar a ton more than the evideut normal price. The attempt ended, it is true, in utter disaster owing to the intervention of the courts and the legislatures, and the holders of Read ing have lost nearly 200,000,000 dollars, but the memory of this conspiracy against the public will not soon be forgotten. As to the terms of the compromise, if made, only one thing is certain—that a single gold standard will under no circumstances be accepted. In deed, even if by any possibility repeal should be madeuncouditionally it wouid be, as has been stated again and again by the friends of Mr. Cleveland, merely because the disturbance of the world's business by the exclusive use of gold would soon force Great Britain to consent to \ the remouetization of silver. Until the silver question i3 out of the way all other political matters are virtually at a standstill. Tariff reform is spoken about now and then in a casual way, but it has ceased to have pressing importance. Even its strongest supporters now suggest that whatever may be doue ought not to take effect before January or even July, 1S95, and the "robber-baron" manufacturers therefore have before them a long respite, and, what is still more im portant, another election for Congressmen be fore the fatal day of free-trade arrives. Bub a man with any faint sense of the humorous can hardly resisb Btniling as he realises thab the last election should have been so fiercely and bitterly fought upon an issue which in the end has proved to be of merely secondary importance. Both parties were then pledged to an honest currency, both maintained that silver ought to be kept at parity with gold, and neither of them oared to discuss in detail how and in what manner these most dt-sirablo objects should be attained. Yet, as it turns out, this was really the burning issue which must be decided before anything else of any sorb whatever can be done. " What fools these mortals be !"—even politicians, and the following of politicians. The cable has no doubt already told 4.us-1 tralians the result of the last attempt to re capture the most renowned of sporting prizes —the America cup—held now in New York against a dozen gallant Jasons seeking the golden fleece foe more than a quarter of a century. Lord Dunraven's Valkyrie has lost to the Vigilant, but the contest was to the American spectator unpleasantly close; indeed, it will even be matter for doubt which boat ought to have won the last race, for the Vigilant only won it—by the record— by 40 see. in a course of 30 miles; and in such cases it is the proper and inevitable thing for the friends of the rival contestants to prove thab luck and nothing else is responsible for the result. The Valkyrie did certainly have her spinnaker blown away, and both boats were certainly hindered by the accompanying fleeb of passenger-carrying steamers and yachts; and the Vigilant further claims to have jammed her centreboard so that ib had to stay only half way down all through a fierce gale. But that is one of the disadvan tages of a centreboard—that ib is apt to fail you just when you want ib most—and an Englishman cruising about his storm-lashed, locky island, would be very unwise to take it in preference to a good, solid, reliable English keel. In American waters, however, a boat with a deep keel would often stiolc in the mud while getting in and out of the shallow harbors, i and there are few positions more dismal than to be stranded between tides on a malodorous sandbar beneath a burning summer sun. The praotioal merits of the keel and the centre board, therefore, unlike the human mind, ac cording to Horace, change with the sky beneath which they cleave the waters. We have had also another famous international contest—a double billiard match between Ives and Roberts. They played on a table which was a compromise between the English and American models. Ives won the first series of games and Roberts the second, but as Ives had already won a series in London, he is still ahead. The play of both men, though utterly different in oharauter, was perfect, and there was a good deal of national character to be found in it. Roberts never missed a possible shot, and whether ahead or behind was cool, capable, and perfectly self-controlled, bub he seemed never to see more than one shot in advance. Ives, on the other hand, ventured constantly upon almost impossible strokes in order to get the balls where they would be absolutely under control, and evidently did a great deal more thinking about his position than his opponent. As to the third inter national series of contests for the month— the Australian-American cricket matches—the Australians naturally took off the honors, for cricket is not much cultivated in the United States, and it was a great surprise to us to see the Philadelphia s win one of the matches when the Australians, just off the steamer, had not yet got lull possession of their land legs. The wild rush last month to take possession of the newly-opened Indian territory luckily passed off without auy very serious accidents. One man from the eastern states, worth more than 100,000 dollars, had planned a "land grab," had hired persons to act as " dummy selectors," and had brought on fleet horses to carry them into the heart of the new Land of Promise in advance of the vanguard of the settlers, but unluckily, in his eagerness for the spoil, he himself passed over the boundary line before the signal gun had been fired, and was at once shot dead by the Govern ment sentinels. A woman who had fallen from her horse was trampled to death, and there were ten or a dozen fatal affrays be tween contending disputants for claims. But between noon and dusk 30,000 persons had taken up their abode in the territory; two towns of more than 5,000 inhabitants had been founded ; three newspapers had issued their fateful "Vol. 1, No. 1," and hotels, barrooms, restaurants, and gambling houses by the hun dred were in full blast, housed either in tents or in hastily nailed together wooden liuts. And if tho example of Oklahoma, opened only a little more than three years ago, holds good, as it probably will, most oE these adventurers will do well. But Oklahama has, it must be confessed, been exceptionally fortu nate, and her brief 40-months' history reads like an incredible romance. Just think of it—in May, 1890, a wilderness; and to-day knocking at the doors of Congress for admission as a sovereign state of the Union on the ground that she has a population of 133,100, Dot counting 5,000 untaxed Indians, with property assessed at 40,000,000 dollars or an average of 1,500 dollars for every family of five persons. Within her borders 40,000 children are now going to Bchool, and one normal college for the training of teachers has already been founded. Is not it De Quincey who in the "Opium Eater" tells of a dream of the East in which vast populations seemed to spring up and wither and die like weeds, and does not this wonder ful story of mushroom growth appear like a western counterpart of the unwholesome vision, with only tho saving difference that these Americau weeds have found a firm and permanent home, abundantly capable of nourishing them and their offshoots for generations to comeTo us New Yorkers, however, who sit at the gates of the Land of Promise and see tho hungry newcomers from the old world pass in at tho average rate of 50,000 a month, in spite of the marvellous tale of Oklahoma, the mystery ever grows deeper how the vast incoming human tide contrives to find food and shelter. Their mean possessions are leas than 12 dollars a head, but Providence kindly takes care of them. It is none the less amusiDg to read predictions in the European papers of coming American ruin because t here are now in the country a few stray hundreds of thousands of unemployed persons. Even this number of stranded human waifa is relatively a petty percentage—say, one in a hundred —of the vast and evergrowing aggregate of the American people. But none the leas the bars will soon be placed before the gates, for, as soon as Congress can attend to tbo matter, the immigration laws will be certainly remodelled and made more stringent. Already the Chauviniscio spirit is rampant in the more thickly-settled states, and in wes tern Pennsylvania alone thero have been enumerated 30 municipalities which have enacted ordinances to the effect that none but American citizens shall be employed on pub lic wotks. This was a blow at the Hungarians and Bohemians who had been imported by the iron manufacturers and have been temporarily thrown out of work by the hard times. But the result was curiously unexpected. Many hundreds of the foieigners drew out their savings from the banks in order to return home with their petty fortunes of from one to five thousand dollars each, and at least two banks trace their temporary sus pension to this cause. In a few years, thanks to the thrifty training of Europe, the aliens had amassed more wealth than their American neighbors, earning far higher wages, bad gathered in a lifetime. Men who save money an this astounding rate, however, at the sacrifice of all that makes life worth living, are, perhaps not without reason, looked upon by Americans with suspicion and a dislike not very far removed from positive hatred, and some way will certainly be found to keep them away, and thus preserve the existing' high standard of American comfortable living. The telephone for short distances has be come a world-wida institution, but the long distance telephone is as yet confined to America. We can now talk over the wire from New York to Chicago—1,000 miles—and hear and be heard with greater distinctness and ease than over a couple of miles across the city. The rate is high—9 dollars for a five minutes' conversation—but what is that to a speculator in pork or grain, to whom a minute sometimes means a loss or gain of several thousands of dollars ? After all, it is cheaper thau telegraphing, for when one gets accus tomed to is, he can easily talk from four to six hundred words in the allotted time, and of course it is very much more satisfactory to hear the very accents of the answering correspon dent at the other end of the line. But why, it may be asked, is a long-distance telephone message more distinctly audible than a short distance one? Nothing can be more simple. The short-distance ones are grounded to mother earth, while the long-distance telephone, in order to economise the strength of the current, is '1 looped "—that is to say the wiro is doubled and the circuit is completed by a metallic line and not by the earth. The doubled wire, too, is much thicker, running at the rate of S70 lb. a mile against 310 lb. for the ordinary telephone. There is therefore from these two causes a total absence of the maddening burr—r—r resulting from induc tion, and a telephone chat becomes a positive luxury. The longest wire yet used is that between Boston and Milwaukee—1,300 miles —but there is none but an economic reason why there should not he communication of that sort between London and New York or between New York and San Francisco. Indeed, it is quite conceivable that within a very few years conversation, though at a pretty high tariff, may be had between any great city and any other part of the world's surface, thus realising to the fullest extent the annihilation of space. Monopolies have at least some redeeming gleams of goodness. There never was a more absolute monopoly than the mining aud refin ning of petroleum, but the monopolists in con trol have been shrewd enough to see that their interest lay in increasing the consumption by cheapening the price, and this has been made possible, by the unification of the industry, to a most extraordinary degree. We have now the figures of the declining prices. In lSlil a gallon of export oil coat 61A cents; in 1871, 23g cents; in 1881, 8 cents ; in 1S91, 6| cents; and in 1S92, 6 cents. The quality of the refined product has at the same time been greatly improved. Twenty years ago it was every where predicted that the supply of the oil would soon be exhausted, but new wells have constantly been discovered, and there are now 65,000,000 dollars invested in plants for pro ducing the crude petroleum, and there are also laid down 25,000 miles of pipe lines to convey it from the wells to the seaboard, in addition to 9,000 tank cars, which carry it above the surface over the railroads. So far as can be now seen the yield of oil will continue indefi nitely—almost certainly long after the last seam of coal shale has been utterly worked out. As to the new natural gas wells a far less confident opinion can be ventured, but generations will certainly pass by before they are exhausted, and one sanguine man of science put3 the possible limit of their produc tion at 50,000 years. How the gas was originally formed, however, is one of the great puzzles of the learned, and the probability seems to be that instead of simply being stored in the bowels of the earth it is even now constantly being manufactured by nature. Bitter opposition lias been aroused by the appointment of a brother-in-law of Mr. Astor, now of Glevedeu, England, as Minister to Italy, and perhaps the Senate will refuse to confirm him. He gave, nob openly, but secretly, 50,000 dollars to the Democratic com mittee in the last campaign, and it is charged, nob only by Republican but by a very great many Democratic papers as well, that the appointment was a previously agreed upon quid pro quo for the place. Mr. Astor was formerly Minister at the same capital, and entertained so lavishly that when be was suc ceeded by the scholarly bub poor Judge Stallo the American-Roman colony bitterly com plained that the iudae did not even spend all his salary, and lodged in an apartment over a grocer's shop. The American colony was for the most part rich or well-to-do, but had as keen an appetite for eating and drinking and being amused at somebody else's expense as the Roman multitude of old had for pnnaii cl circcnncs, and naturally felt greatly aggrieved. Mr. "Van Alen, the present appointee, would no doubt revive the glories of the past, but he has had already to suffer an outbreak of caricatures and newspaper abuse that must go far to make him feel that America cannot possibly be a pleasant home for a rich man. The inoident would hardly be worth mention ing were it not that it is a significant sign of tho bitter hatred that exists not only below but even upon the surface of Amerioan society against the " very rich." How long the multi millionaires can stand it is a doubtful ques tion, but the pressure upon them steadily grows greater. Even in New York two-thirds of tho state taxes are now paid by succession duties, and it is already proposed that they shall be increased enough to make all other State taxation unnecessary. Congress, too, has before it at least half a dozen Bills for the imposition of a progressive income tax. None of these mulct in any way men who have less than 5,000 dollars a year. They are all aimed simply and only at the small caste of wealthy men who have made Newport and Fifth avenue, the world over, synonyms for almost Roman luxury. But taxed alive by the Federal authorities and robbed after death by the State the millions of the plutocrat would soon vanish into the publio treasuries. And the wor3t of it is that in nearly all cases this class of men are defenceless. It may be asked, cannot they sell out and move away ? Only with great difficulty. Their railroads, oii wells, and miaes could not be marketed at anything like the real value, and the nature of a rich man is suoh rhat he will rather take almost any risks than suffer a great immediate Iosb. The theatres are doing very badly, and one of the dramatic papers Bays that 3,000 actors are now idle in New York. This is possibly not a great exaggeration of the truth, for even good travelling companies have had to disband— often ■without the usual formality of "letting the ghost walk," or in other words paying off— and sad indeed is the lob of the Thespian trudging his way home over hundreds of miles. This is one of the results of the "Cleveland hard times." Even in the eities half-salaries are not an unknown inci dent, and three New York theatres have already passed into insolvency. Our only noticeable excitement has been over "The second Mrs. Tanqueray," by Mr. Pinero, whioh Mrs. Kendal has tried in vain to make repeat its London Buccess. The heroine herself is an unpleasant acquaintance, either on or off the stage, even apart from her moral demerits, and Americans refuse to countenance her. Tho defence is bhab the play is a great moral lesson, because it pourbrays the unlovoliness of vice. But Americans at the theatre merely wish to bo amused, and nob to have moral lessons crammed down their throats, 