MALIGHANGY OF IHAN1- MATE THINGS. SQF.1ETHIMG A3GUT THEIR PER- VcRSENESS. NEW PHILOSOPHIC THEORY. A rising foreign phuoopher has, wo nro told, been developing a curious theory as to tho malignancy of inanimate objects. The author of tho thoury apponls very wis«ly In tho lirbtiDstHucoio'bccoinmoQ oxocrioncouf all human beluge, and then, having secured that substantial bari of acknowledged fact, proceeds to work oat Ida general theory. Many anothor doctrino— that for iuslanco of tho ghost reviiitiug the gliin;>9ce of 1 "mou — it argued after a different fashion, aud oven after a dilfcrcnt principle. It would be of uo una now-a-dajH to bcurin with an appeal to our common cxporienco of ghostly apparitionfl. Wo aru like tho Spanish soldier who declared that in ouoof tho grist battles of Spaiu Saint Jam2 bimwrlf bud CHAIINBt) UNDKR TUB PPA.VISI! rL.AU, but addod modestly, " unworthy that I was, aUhougb ia thu huttlo I wa not favored with a sight of tho Messed Mint," But tho philosopher who theorbos about tbo mnliguuLOy of iuuuimato object can fidlzo ut ouco upon a common and indeed universal oxpt-ricuco. Lot us havo tho fasts to begin with, and then wo can got at tbo theory, imrhup. At ell ovoots wa can get on tbo way to it. Who doo not often writhe under and storm at tho malignancy of inanimato objects ? Tho footstool that wa un doubtedly putcarofully into a corner —bow docs it ootno to bo In tbc middle of tho room ? Tito tire which wua . bin/lug < up a mo ment u£0— why Is it dead out already. Tho walcr tap from which ono fills a jug seems never to (low freely whiio ho stands over it; but lot htm divert his attcutinn for one momcut to say other object, und Arritn 11 u T.tn dpldok. TM Ut?h-key— but thtn, perhaps, wo hart bolter not lav too muuh strovs on tho troublos withthu!ul(jh-koy,loaHmuchaHunphilojophica' levity rnightHuggcet uuwolcotno oxplanations. Thu pebble that cornus in tho way of tbo hero's horsuund upsota tho horo is a strikiog illus- trutiun oil n grand scalo of thi i.llcgid in votomto mulignauoy of inuuim&tu; objeoto. Ou a sm illor ecalu uf illustratiou, why should tho razor which nhavo so keonty ouo day uttor'y decline to ehavo at all the next day. and Ihcti, hulug uoglcutcd and throwu utido for u week, establish u new aud inAlignly ineuut uhkiiu when Tiat;i) A U.\IN IN IiKSPAlU, and bacorno sharp as tho Roman King's razor which out tho whetstouo through? Why will the wa»nU stop ut tho vury time when wo most want it lo keop goiug on ? \Yo might go on through a wholo catalogue of a uoh oxperioneo., the daily ox porieimtM of most of m. Thero U no question— therooin be none— aa to tho oxporiuuee. Lot any of lis take notioo on any day of tho number of tlmos on whloh hu has been obdructoi, hamsdod, annoyod, made lo losa his temper— sontotlmes almost ' rnado to lose his witt by iainimato objects, and ho will then bo wrought into a mood of mind lo appreciate botlor tho foroo of tho new philosophic theory. Wooonfosstlmt, although wo find tho theory intoroillng, wc do uofc hco that it is likely to onrloh tho world with any now nud practical rules for thu guidtutco of every day or any day life. Because if thoao in- auiinoto things aro realty malignant, they will bo malignant stilt, after philosophy shall havo recognised THU pact 01 Tit KIR MAL1RSITV. But, if wo weio to refuso to oonsider a theory metoly bocanfu wo did not seo what practical good coudiluriug it would-d.wo should bo cutting ourselves off from soino of tho finest tboorioijWith which philosophy has from tlrao to timo refreshed tho world. As, thorofuro, after couturhs of ovolution, tho voxations and imputicucos of nisnkiiid undor tho rofrao lory conduct of inauhnato objosts, have at nst oryfltalllBod thoihaolvoa Into a theory, wo feel bound to oommeadlt to public coneidora- tlon, oven allbongh wo do notfootinauy way assured that tbo common round and the daily task will bo made much tho easlor by its rcccgnitlon. Nothing can bo in its way M0UB IURITATISO THAN UU! LDCiPBR JIATCIt. Who cnu tell whan It will light, when it will rofaso to light, /whon it will break In U10 middlo, when it will "snap off just at tlio top after lighting, and losvo its fiery hoad on dno's hand? But all IhU will go on no doubt evon aftorthe world lias aooopted tho philosophic theory hut tho Iitoifor match is a niuliga and a cnpriolous thiug like some ill- oonditiouod gnomo or sprite or imp. Wo cannot oducata or convert or punish a luoifer 'match any inorolhonwocunan lU-oonditiooed aetnoor sprite or imp. But wo aro for receiving and diMuasiog tho theory all tbo same. It might porhapfl roliovo the foelinga of a human being now and thon to know that when his wator- jug for no apparent roason broko away from ilahaudlc, or when his ooffoo at u railway Htution would not cool iu timo to lot him swallow it boforo tho starting of his train, or when bis coffco at homo ooclod so InaUnlu- noously ss to mako him unwiltiag to swallow it at all— it might porbnps roliovo his feelings to know that ho was struggling against a maliolous onemy, and not suffering from a commonpl&ca; acaldeot. A great devotoo of Sohoponhaucr, dovolop- iuguot loug wluco a priuciplo of that phUo- sophor, dlecussod tho possibility of bringing uu odious and hopolos world to a oIobo by AN ACT OF IJ.NIVKIIHAI. SUIL'tLB. But bo admitted cortuin double us to tho feasibility of aooompllshiag audi a purposo. Tho wholo human rfteo might, bo thought, ba brought Into that loaguo of uolvorsul rolf-oblHoration. Even the lowor animals might be persuaded or coerced into tho samo arrangement. But his hositatlon was us to wiiat aro oallod— unphlloBophictrily no doubt— tho inanimato things. Ills oonvio- liou was that the world began with tho luani inuto things, as wo call them. Tlioy nturtod the wholo business, und then camo tho lowor animals, and then onmo man. - Nuweunpoto man wore universally willing to extinguish hlmiolf— what guarantco could ho possibly havo from theso iaauimato thing that tho moment bo had dlaappoarcd tlioy would nob KTAllT TUB WIIOLU MACUINR OF F.N1STF.NCK all ovor ugaln. You oannot havo a compact with tbo sands of tho do- sort or tho salt of tlio eoa or tho atones in a quarry. You cannot havo a treaty with the dust of tho highway or tm alliance with tbo coal in a mine. Even if you could havo such an arrangement? who ootild answor for its being oorrlod out Who could trust theso things to koop their plighted words? Tho momout our hacks woro turned they would bo suro to set tho wholo mochuuism going agnio. just for tho porvorso fuu of tho buaixioss. Now U eocms to us that thoro is a grc.it deal of practical good seaso in that idea. It works in very welt, also, with tho theory of tho later philosopher about tho malignancy of inani mato tilings. Tho moment theso inanimato objeots found that thoto was n&ythiug; man kind oartloularly wanted thom to do, then thoy would iustantly, nod . ' OUT OF Bltiiim MALICE, mako up their iniuds not to do it, U'o can judge or that from that common and trying daily experience to which we havo already referred. Tho dholplo of Sohopcnhuuer had not, rorhops, wlun ho dovclopca his duubls ovor ucurd of what vro may call tho in animate malignancy theory. But if ho had hoard of it, aud admitted that thoro was something in It, ho would assuredly have fouud iriinuelf ntrungthoned in his wholtmmu BODptlaism. lie might stlU lind«ermons in stouos, but hu wotihi foel euro that it would ho futllo to trust to tbo. promts? of a fitono that it would' cooso growing just to obligo htm.— 14 Daily Nogs?1 