Agliclall Churlt'll. "CONSECRATION S , SERMON ItY TIlE tllIIT REV. F. F. GOC, D.D. Os the occasion of tile recc t consecra tion service at St Matthen's Church, Bishop Goe delivered a vcrr impressive sermon from the text, " To kt w the love of God which passeth knoovi dge." St. Paul, his lordship said, prayed freely that he might understand incessant prayer, and in his epistles often alluded to the prayers offered for his fellow christians. lie told his disciples that he "bowed his knees" when he addressed the throne of grace, and his lordship believed Paul was inspired by the Italy Ghost to pray in this position. It was a suitable position in which to pray, and that being so, was ordered in the rubrics of the church. Ills lords:hip added that it gave him much pleasure to sec that ·kOl·!crw '.ad been I i~t ýthd -eC"pMid Broadford church, and holed these would be constantly used. '1 he know ledge that we are cared for by others has a great effect on us. Yourg men and women especially, were strengthened to do that which was right by the knowledge of the love of brothers and sisters at home. It was helpful to young persons to know that news of their welfare would cause gladness at home, and the belief " that no one cares for me or for what I do," was calculated to paral)se energy and induce recklessness. If the knowledge of the love of brothers and sisters as. sisted us to do right, should not the knowledge of a loving Saviour much more assist us? Jt sus displayed His love for us by givirnt Himself for us. He loved us and suffered for us. The strength of love. was tested by the sacrifice it would undergo, end all are aware that everything we can say is in adequate to describe the sulkfrings and sacrifices Christ underwent and made for us. Perhaps we might hare some faint inkling hereafter of what we owe to the blessed Saviour. Finite knowledge cannot grasp it. It cannot be comprehended by any human being. The angels cannot understand it, and the more they look the more they wonder at the infinite greatness of it. It would be a great pity to fall sl ort of the glory that might be ours. VlI:y should we desire so much " to know" His surpassing love? One rzason was that in pro portion as we realize are it we kept from sin-sin which grieves the Lord so much. It will create a distaste for such things as displease Him Another reason is that it will thrust out other loves that come into competition with it. When the love of Jesus dominates the man there is no roamn for any ignoble love. In prop.r:itln as we thoroughly know the love of Christ we shall try to be like Ilim. Let any matn know it and the more he will ity to copy it. Social questions. the sp alter sad, are much discussed at the prnsent dsy, in the northern and southern hemi spheres. The questions of the differences between capital and labor, etmployer'and employed, and landlord and tenant, were subjects tha ccupied the minds of our great thiniki:g men, but he would tell them the kin wlcdge of the extraordinary love of Christ is the fundamental principle that will bring about a settle. ment of the questions at issue. If you take it for granted you know the Bible, you know nothing of it. PIople have learned chapters off by heart, and been acquainted with the various Looks con tained in its pages, and yet have known nothing of it. Take even one sentence of the Lord's prayer; what unfathomable stores of holy blessing there lies undis covered by man. By setting aside five minutes daily to meditate over the love of Christ tons of benefit would be gained. The Holy Communion is eminently calculated to excite the love of the true Christian, for in it is brought home to us the love of Jesus. Dr. Goee expressed strong disapprobaSion of such careless, neglectful seniors, who set the newly confirmed, the godless example of dis obeying the plain invitation of our Saviour, in staying away from the Lord's Supper. The name of St. Mat thews was dedicated to God years ago, and now the chancel was consecrated; the signification of which was, that we had a suitable place, becoming the house of God, wherein to administer Holy Com. muion, it was hoped that this might result in an increased number of Chris tions partaiting of sacrament, when administered by their beloved minister. This was the first oecasioa for two years, his lordship had, he said, ad dressed a congregation from St. Mat thew's pulpit, and lie congrlatulated them on having in their midst such devout and liberal churchmen, as they who had been responsible for the building up of so worthy an edifice. They were exceedingly fortunate in having amongst them per- sons who were in a position to assist so handsomely in the church work, such as Miss Emily Gavan, whose liberality had provided, the recently erected chancel and vestry, with their handsome fittings, and his lordship regretted to learn she was in much pain and suffering, and prayed that she might have patience and a happy issue out of all her affliction. Dr. and Mrs., and Miss Purrier had passed away, but their good works remained. Miss Purrier had bequeathed the parsonage, and her good work in the Sunday school would not be unremembered. This also was the first time his lordship had, he said, visited Broadford since the Rev. H. Braddock had been their pastor and he entreated the constant prayers of the congregation for their minister and his wife ; that they may be so clothed in righteousness, and that their words may not be spoken in vain. With a few ad- ditional words his lordship concluded by hoping that the consecration would result in a great outpouring of the Holy Spirit on the Parish of Broadford. Last Sunday the incumnbent preachled upon I Cor. 3, to10-t15, " Architects and Builders." Me also gave out " lungry youths, or death in thie pot," as the Young Men's subject next Sunday evening. He specialy tldeires the at; tendance of suchas s a;re u i. tacheI elsewhere, anth statedl that uol hs (th young men turned out in better auils, bers their setexenos would be Lh's~l; to? a time. 