[?] ly Wife's Politics. CHAPTER VI. THE ZEAL OF THE CONVERT. The Irish nation wanted to govern itself, and it was a sin and a shame, Felicia said, that it should not be al lowed to do so. Felicia is a very clever woman — at least, I think so — she can do almost anything ; and sho is also a very, humble-minded woman about most things ; but in this one matter of poli tics she. liko evcrv one else, seems to think she has a right co consider her judgment quite infallible. I fully admit that it is so, but what I am surprised at is that she should think so herself. But it is always the way with politics, and that is what makes me think that poli tics' must be such a very easy subject — that every one, however distrustful of theif own untrained judgment on all ordinary matters, thinks himself per fectly competent to pronounce a final judgment on all political matters. The people who talk of polities as a science are evidently mistaken. The plumber ceme about the boiler, and after , making a noise like a ship wright's yard all thejmorning, announced that we should want a new boiler, which, if he could get one in the town to fit, we might look for — he did not say whether we should see it — in about three days. ' However, ho did us a negative service in , showing us how to turn the water off, v and left us haunted by the magnitude ' ? of the Christmas box he would expect for k ; tho loss af half his Boxing Day holiday. TWonnf.imp. 'fiVlimn. mvi'nfr mr- nil the while, to understand, by means which were subtle and intangible, but which, answered their purpose to perfec tion,' that' I was tacitly attributing these petty home discomforts, and even the loss of the kitten, to her zeal in the poli tical cause. I was very far, I hope, from any such absurdity and injustice; and1 yet Felicia, without a word on which I could hang an answer to her, made me feel myself both absurd and unjust. In point of fact, I deemed such faith as hers in Mr. Gladstone to be deserving of tlie very deepest admiration — to be, in dee, d, of the quality of that faith which is desbrihed aB ' moving mountains.' But j scarcely ever discussed the question with Felicia, I had once been impelled to speak out to her my views upon the la test: extension of the franchise, but I was, interrupted. 'The population of ?' - England/ I commenced, in what I thought was a neat parody and epigram, ' consists of thirty odd millions, mostly voters— ? ' 'Pardon me,' exclaimed Felicia — ? mostly women,' . I -had to acknowledge the justness of her:1 correction, and felt myself in so hopeless a minority as to be unable to goon. A: further cause of domestic uneasi , ness arose in the form of Felicia's disco very, that the housemaid had a follower. I remarked that there was a time when Felicia herself had a follower, but Feli cia said that was different. Of course I knew'! was different from the house maid's follower, or else the housomaid probably wotild not have had anything to say to him. Felicia was further annoyed by a postscript which some facetious person appended to one of the placards about the ' bold and brutal Balfour ' and ? the good and gentle O'Brien' which she affixed to our garden gate. The postscript was thus : 1 N.B. — ,You arc requested to leave your dynamite in tho hall.' This was addressed, of courso, to all, generally, who purposed attending the meeting, but Felicia seemed to take it personally. [ very, much admired the courage with which she wont round to all the trades \- men and told them of her change of politics., ' It was but natural, now that she had joined the boycotting party, that she should tell thsm that it would ? be impossible for us to continue to give them our custom unless they came round to our way of thinking. For the most part they were very amenable. Thoy seemed ready to promise anything ; but if their political promises were not more exactly kept than their promises about the delivery of the things we bought from them, I am afraid thoy will not have greatly helped forward tho cause of Homo Rule. When Folicia was a Dame, I had been fortunate enough to overhear her conversion of Mrs. Topsail, the coast guard's wife. Felicia had said, ' You see, Mrs. Top sail, Mr. Gladstone wants to disestab lish the Church and everything of that i * sort, so I suppose when he has done that 1 all the schools will go too, and then 1 , do not see what your little Tommy is to 1 do about his schooling — do you ?' Mrs. Topsail had said that sho was not quite sure abont hor husband's , views ; the fact was, she was not much a nnlitioian herself : but she lmd nn idea that she had heard her husband say that 'Liberal' was a fine, generous sounding word, so that sho rather fancied he was of that way of thinking. Still, if tho young lady wished it, sho was quite pure that he would vote Conserva tive, as she callcd it, with tho accent j hard on the last syllable — that is, if he had a vote, which she was not certain of. JVlr. Topsail wns a very amenable man. .Now, some people would not have liked: to go back to Mrs. Topsail again, and say iTiat it luid all bean a mistake-— that Liborai was tho right thing after all, and that Conservative, and its name implies, was but a narrow, graspingpoliey. But Felicia did not shink from it. She does not know the meaning of the word ' fear,' oxcept in connection with a cow or a black- beotle, or looking under tho beds and in the cupboards at nights, to Bee th™t there are no ghosts or burglars hidden away in them. Felicia is very prudent. When I am away from homo she puts all the plate and things of value in the house — thoy are not many —on the table in our little entrance hall ofc night,- so that whon the burglar comes fee may find thorn all there ready for him. and may take them away without waking her or murdering her. She is very wise about those sort of things. I-ut she did not in the least mind going to Mrs. Topsail, and tearing up all she had said before. Certainly Mrs. Topsail made it easy for her, for she said — ' Wow I am so glad you come, for I had quite forgotten which way it was you said as you wished my husband to vote, if so be as he has a vote. Many and many a time ]'vo said to him, 'George,' I've said, 'you'ro to vote the way tho young lady says you're to vote,' I've said — ' leastways, that is, if so be as you have a vote ; but which way it is,' I says, ' for the life of m'e I cannot remember.' So you see we was anxious to vote the right way, and I'm real glad that you've come to me again to tell mo which the right way is.' So Mrs. Topsail was very easy to manage. Circumstances too does not seem to have been at all affected by the change. He, like Mrs. Topsail, is not much of a politician as yet ; though if he at all follows in his mother's steps there is little doubt but that he will be a Cabiuet Minister one day. He is a very healthy baby, and seems to thrive equally well, whether tli3 atmosphere be primroses or shamrock. I asked Felicia her grounds for think ing that Ireland would be any the hap pier for being governed by a Parliamen sitting at Dublin — whether it was tho character of the representatives that she now sent to Westminster that made her think so ; but she withdrew to the geno ral proposition th'at a nation must be happier when it governed .itself by tbe representatives of its own choosing, and was not tyrannized over by a foreign, though adjacent country. I reminded her that the Parnell Commission had not entirely cleared tho Parliamentary representatives of cagaizance of schemes of intimidation, if not of dynamite and murdor. (To be Continued). 