: fl Drwunfland Fortbodin#. 'j jlitUe child nliM oni morning it break fcooriohs dream: <2 Mamma;I thought aome men etme to fri wmii id (hey had tosh . funny little bo jtsft *K«J said th*y wera golsg to pat ma! ? i Mi'fon dream what shape the box wh, tp) lovet" uksd the child's mother, anxi OIL nt, mamma, and I mir uw any 4U iukett. H was like this." 1 t>s ehfld look aome bread crumbs from pbt* wad began to trace ont with groat All inetneaa the shape which he saw in his jfabad aMv nt looked on death or seen aajliitits paraphernalia, yet as his mother waM^mmwltb sinking heart then grew rfJa BHU Ungate (be eiHt outlines of SESm only i dream," the mother nil, lateUlngthehapPf child what ill ?am hadwroagh t. n tm-m lew day* the child eiekened and and the broken-hearted mother was fain ihae thai there vu soma draad and ?imiimiuiij ill ilnumi ~»»tanoe within the knowledge ol -.^teemed ilmmt to partake ot the UtMmtion. A little girl ot 4 yeara sfettayetweil and wftlh not the alight Inl^rr*"**** ol aoming Ulnae*, aaid to hat , 'JinlBonday I am going to die and Mr. [Lw«t((baEplaoopalnletgynitp)willliotyme, teUAag 90 Jooliihly, but Ibo chila foiisted iiiiiiflJttkiiliteinwii i Bonday after Mr. Lerer (the dergy taut-will die, and there won't be any one to boo Ub>" The traoonnnon remark and the solemnity al tba ebttd's manner created a passing im whiah waa forgotten by bet andden __ She waa taken ill with eongeatioa (d (ha brain and wai bnried, ai ebe had pre 4oo the following Bonday by the clergy [ Who bad alio bamieed her. Nowoomee faiaodilstile part ol the aloiy. The jMtt, nntii (hoi in perfect health rfr*in*-* anddied; bat it wu not on the .aeeeesin Son day ha waa bnried, ai little Maty predicted, bat on the eeoond following, aad the funeral serrloe wai eondneled by . ' brother, there being no clergyman near to It maybepoasiblathat the ooming of death oppressed (he child, and ahe apprehended her own sudden demise. Bnt why should eba aittWpate the death other lriend,and whence aametbal ooeolt knowledge whieh breathed lorib in tfaa spirit of prophecy Iran ilttla Xa9*a irdantlipst li|«yn Bnw (or ooanwl for defendant Whoae case looks donbtfnl, beoanee the jury dont aesm to anthoie when bit witneeiee tmtltf): " Are yea acquainted with any of tbejaryT" Wimas (an honest man): "Yee, air, I knotridore (ban half of them." Iiurxn Satt: " I ehoold think it strange, vesystraoge, il yon didn't know more than all al tbamjrat together.'' ' " WwlL tot my part," aaid Fendsrson, "I doo't think mnoh ol your amart woman. Mother Men wan't to many them it is no aSait ot tqlne; bul nons ol them for me, thank yon. J don't want . wife that knowa more hua x "And to," ramarked Fogg, "yoo remain .lagla/t SoWomh: "Bowabout that note I hold of /rare, Brown f I'm had it to long that wbMsrsan beginning to grow on it." Bams "Why don'i yon gel it shared «*ar ? . % - . . battoniaa* ahirt advertised arid the wife, looking op from a . " What kind of a shirt is tbal I*' est Uke mine," was the reply, And ths * bar reading, Not Too Severe. ted himself at the door of the with a somewhat subdued and ?sion of oonntenanee. op above," be said, doubtfully, " bis card; "bat tbsy told me then Mistake, and that I'd belter inquire -jAb'i y*i," aaid Bt. Mephistopheles, as bs iodkadwt the eard, "quite right, quite right. No, ydn don't oome in, though. Bee thai (roup pf gibbering ghosts, bnddUng down (here entaMa lbs walLJast over the third Mlpbor tint? I«l Well, you Just go and estop opt with tboae fellows. Thsy^re the puns mii made on peoples' names. No, I goeesyVu won't need an introduction. They're familiar enough. No, we don't keep opinm hart, uood-day I" 