HOW THE MISER'S TREASURE WAS DISCOVERED; In a tunab'.e^own little house iu one cf the smallest Streets in Cork Old Daddy Bennett had passed for many years a lonely, lov- less lifV. He lived on the world's charity, and, if anyone judged by his nppdarance, very much restiicted he found i-\ Hio garments, when not vntil tad, were patched regardless of harmony and colour, and represented different nationalities. Lyfc the day break ia Eunshine or rtir*, 'twus not mwj hours old when p ,o: Dacidj's d«- formed figure waa seen passing on his way fiom bis miserable dwell* ing, and late evening s&v; him return. At length one dreary evenings towards the eod of November, the old ui^n was seen to drag his limbs more weaii'y than usual, and thefe was something about birn that even checked his juve* nile tormentors 5 fchbse little people Bee ni)ra than they get; credit for. The next day Daddy's door was no'o opened, nor through tbe whole of the day, and, familiar as waa the sight or1 hia figure passing to and fro on his daily round, nobody nri3sed him ; but the nest day somebody casually inqured where was Daddy Bennett ? Then tbe neighbours seemed suddeoly to remember that fcbey bad not eeen hio doou open foe two days. Poor old Daddy ! the children would tease him no more. He had fallen asleep, asleep for ever. 'Twa-i Christmas Eve. Johnny pnd Timmy Do herty, with theic father and motbeE? and a small addition of Dohe vties, had moved into poor Daddy's house. Johnny and Timmy had not eaten very much breakfast; they could eat more and feel per CcCly guiltless 0' tiaeic fifth deadly 3in. Tbeir fatheir had been idle through the winter, but that morning he had got a job, and the mother was out the whole day trying to do a little with the holly and ivy. Johnny and Timmy uei'e passing fche day as beEfc they could. They were trying a game of marbles squatted on the fireplace, though the gi'ate was cold and empty. The fiig was Iooec, and Johnny's alley rolled under ifc, making a peculiar noise as if knocking agaiosb tin or brar a. The lots of aa alley is nob lightly regarded by a boy, I can tell you j and when, another and an other disappeared ia the same way Johnny was not in the best o£ tempers. ' Tim,' he cried out, ' I'll teas up this flag ; come and help me.' 80 to work they went witia might and msin ; 'twos ntt a very hard task. Indeed {0 pulldown tbe whole fabric cf tbe tottering old cabin would not require much labour. At Ia3t the flag -vs3 up, and a small cavity dieclosed, Eagerly Jack dived for his alleys, but he was so long in finding them, and s ) silent that Timmy, looking over his shoulder and seeing nothing, wondered what was the matter with hia brother. ' Get off, Tim,' he eeid at last in a boshed whisper that frightened poor Tim, for he thought he had seen Daddy's ghost in the hole. Very slowly and deliberately, Johnny gofe up, and there was a queeB look on his face which Tim had neveu seen and could not cradeir= stead. ' Shut the door, Tim,' ivaa the first word he aaidj 'and I nill shov? you what I found.' Tim did aa he was bid, and then the boya crept Stealthily into the darkest coraer of tha room, and Johnny pulled from uader his jacket a tin canister. ' Look, look, Tim,' he said, trembling allovetrj ' what are these shining things ?' Tim gaz3d awestruck, and after a few minutes' p^u3e, putting his mouth to his brother's ear, ' Jack,' he whispered, 'I think they must be sovereigns.' Sovereigns they were, 200 of them. Private as the Doherties tried to keep tbe secret Of their good fortune, their altered appearance began to attract attention. The children were befcfceu dressed, and, though Doheriy was idle sgoia, they did not seem to want as before. The neighbours, o£ course, began to gossip about ibis ihfMnco in fhpip rl.irr-.nmfifs-,nrl.f-n- Onp rJp.v Rrnmonnp Eemarked half iu joke Chat Judy Doheety mast have fotmd a pursa. This set her listeners thinking, and Nellie Oarey, the oldest woman in fche place, happened to be present. She remem bered tha'j long ago Daddy Bennett had the name o£ money 5 he need to be tormented g good deal about ifc, but the young generation had aofe heard of it, and Daddy was left alone. This notion once started- tb 113 story went through the neighbour hood with telegraphic despatch. The Doherties wei'e besieged oa all aides with inquirie?, and Boon the pluce got very uncomfortable for them. One night, Tim Doherfcy, senior, with his wifj and children, were seated round the fire ia family conclave. Tim ! Judy remark d (after many suggestions had been made and opinions inter changed),! think we'll h;O to A.meiica. Tim jumped to his feet. Begor, he eaid, you're a eleven.' woman after all. I knew you always were; you've hit the nail on the he'id. This will settle everything in the aisiest way. Everyone knowa you have a brother asross the water thoae twenty yeara. Wo can say the Lord put it into his heart to send for ue and tbe children at last, and sure if he dida't be ought to. The next day ihe Doherties began their preparations aud accounted for their good fortune in the c?ay Tim pointed out. So to America they wen*. Well, fciie mon--y wa-1 p.-or PacUy1.-. Joncf pavings after all, but why did be hoard id up and deprive* bimaelf of almost the nec- bs irtts of lifer' He could not have? be n a misor f -r the m'-r6 love of m inpv. he-. had lwd an ^difvinw a lii'e. In bis vouf.h Charley Becn-tt was tha o^ner of a enu^ little he im. His wifd die i a le n years tub^equenfc to their marriage, leaving him one daughter for whom ic was hia chie? happiness to labour. She was his greatest j -y ; abe bf-cdme hlso his neatest sorrosr, when very young she married &gainsfc; his will one who ber father kne-? would never make her happy, an idle, rqaanderi&g; fellow, vho shortly after their marrtu--e coultJ not produce a penny of their lifctle fortune. Ore morninR- she stood on the t'-ii'^shold of her old home and begged! shelter from the father she male f offer so much. 'Tvvas tho old tto^-, her husbind had left her without/ a roof to cover ber, v/ad gene -Acrosj the seaa. The sight of her, miserable though she whs, roused toe father's ire, and, iu bi-i passion, he raes her plt-ading with an unforui ia|,r spirit, and, turning her troiu hid door, used words which he would have given his life after wutds to recall. The angry tnood eoon passed and left hifi heart full oi: pity and paesiouftte yenruirg to see the f«oe of his child otjCo m re. 'Twas 'theu Charley Benut-tfc f{ot tuosd qaeer notions into bio heud, the neigtibjurd wonlJ c^li you, waluing about the fields for houra together Hud talking strangely to himself. The rest of his life was wedded to oae idea, his daughter would come back some day ; he would beg and starve to save for her ; she would find him wherever he Was. This was the object for wbidh Diddy lived till death surprised him with his hope unfulfilled and his secret untold. 