Correspondence THE COMING ELECTIONS. To the Editor. Sib, — It is no surprise that as the general elections draw near we should have a prophet, even in ghost form, of electoral eventualities taking up its pen. With that optimistic faculty which is a characteristic of modern spiritualism. he is giving ns signs in the dark. So with mathematical precision, a la Tattersall, he has placed the Hon. Howe or the Hon. Catt one out and the other in. Perhaps he is right Never theless in these enlightened timea we are always anxious, nay claim, to know the whys and wherefores of these little social and political storms. If we had only two of the original apostles to represent ns in the House, we should still have our little upheavals ; but then there is none perfect, not even oue. If auy prophet has any charge of neglect, indifference, or inca pacity to lay to our member's charge, by all means let them do so ; hut they will find it late in the day, seeing they have represented the dis trict for so many years. We claim, Sir, of having two of the best members in the House. They are shrewd business men, of good judgment, of sound common-sense, not eloquent orators- thank heaven for that — (for time is both short and precious) men who never weary in well- doiug for their district and their country. The Hon. J. H. Howe is at present: in the Ministry, and has all along proved himself a persistently progressive member, and has always kept him self abreast of the times, pointing out onr nat ional weakness by having large estates instead of studding our land with hardworking husband men and tneir wives and families. The cute Yankee said years ago that " pnpulatiou is wealth," and we are to-day preventing popula tion from getting a foothold in the country. The) Hon. A. Catt, who has been an honor to his native country, is at present Chairman of Com mittees—a- highly honorable position. He has made himself politically notorious by his persis tent advocacy of water conservation, without which this colony can never prosper, and the Murray River riparian rights. I maintain these three facts alone are sufficient to stamp him as a politician whose skill and knowledge onr country we can ill spare at the present moment. Has not Beetaloo water supply been a blessing to thousands of us, and a very solvation to tens of thousands of sheep and cattle. Let ns be content with the evils we know, rather than flee to evils we know not of, and hoping we will live to see oui selves a freer people with free land and freer institutions, and sincerely hoping no scientist will arise amongst us who will dis cover some means of separating all the oxygen from the air, and by mopolisiog. it thns banish the down- trodden nine-tenths from the face of the earth. — I am, Sir, &c.;, TOM. ASS. Gladstone, February 14th. 