A GHOST-LAVES. A HAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT The Stowaway at Newcastle. The Cat'and the Rat— Piteous Mid- nljrht Shrieks— Blood-curdling ' Ghost Stories Spoiled— Common-sense Theories. a haunted house expert. " Then you don't believe in ghosts, Mr. Brooke!" " Certainly not ; but I do bclievo there are people who see them in imagination." Such was the questiou put by a represen tative of the Fall Mall, and the answer received from Mr. W. P. Brooke, of Mas- kelyne and Cooko's, who the other day issued a circular offering to visit "haunted houses" and lay the mast troublesome " spook." Mr. Brooke complains somewhat of the Psychical Reso&rch; Society, and thinks that if moro activity was Bhown many houses that have been empty for yoars, becauso they have the reputation of being haunted, might be let. He has great faith in indi vidual work in this line, und is convinced that if someono would set himsolf up as a "specialist," and offer to take up his quar ters in the " dread being's own abode " for a little time, he might easily find out tho real cause of the disturbance, and do away with the silly notions that Boon spread about and give a house a bad name. the adventure op the stowaway. " What was your first achievement ?" " Oh, a very simple afiiair. I was on board a ship in Newcastle, Australia,' and we had taken a cargo of coals for New Zea land, but on the day previous to the sailing every man on board deserted on account of tho strange noises that were heard in the ship's hold, and, in fact, all over the vessel. 1 heard the noises myself, und at first was under the impression that some stowaway was in distress. I found out this was not the case, so, having an idea, I oommenced imitating various animals, and was soon delighted to hear myself answered. I pro ceeded cautiously in the direction of the sound, but slipped, and, rolling down tho heap of coals, fell into tho ' arms ' of the poor little pig that we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enormously fat during his incarceration, existing solely upon coal I" the oat and the rat. "I suppose that in many cases animals arc the cause of these strange noises?" " Oh; yes ; I have had many instances of tho kind.- One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for severul nights by unearthly noises and rnppings that had, thoy assured me, 'come out of tho earth.' I found that the sounds proceeded from the cfiorts of a cat to oxtricate its head from a lobster-tin under the floors. In another case I was quietly sitting in a ' haunted house ' with a dim glimmer of light, a.piece of cheeBenear a suspicious-looking hole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a littlo barrel, when I saw two glistening eyes, and I 'let go 1' I drew forth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied round its neck ; no moro rapping was heard there. The wood, I presume, had boon tied round tho poor brute as an old dodge to scare away its companions, and in its journeyings it tapped against tho laths and lloors." " What are your methods of unearthing ghosts ?' " "Thoy are very simple. I have very acute hearing, and can gonorally locate a sound directly I hear it ; but if I fail to dis cover in which direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examination of tho doors and windows and floors. If I sus- poot that it is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who is in the house, I scatter a little powder or saud around all the entrances, sib down quietly and await the appearance of tho apparition or the sound of the creature. If it appears (it never does though !) and goes off agniu I examine the powder round the doors for footmarks or pawtreads. I understand thoroughly tho construction of a houso, aud, consequently, aan often detect flaws iu the building that would not bo noticed except by a- practical man. Strange noises are caused by a variety of things ; clothes baskets that have con tained wet clothes are hung up in a warm room after washing day. They will emit peculiar sounds to tho nervous. Loose boards under tho carpets will set many people wondering ; a beetle underneath a wall paper, too, will make a strange scratch ing sound. It is not a sufficiently known fact that imagination is the only intellectual faculty which exercises a direct influcnco on the bodily organs, those organs being tho organs of sense. It aats by producing in thein, or iu parts of the brain with which they communicate, the same state which is usually brought about by external objects aotually present to them. The eye is most liable to be affected by these falso impres sions which occur in many different states of tho systom. I know a man who sees phantoms very, often. I have been in his company when ho sees them— ho has had two or throe attacks of 'D.T.'" a " woman's piteous moonlight oiirieics ?" " Needless to suy, Mr, Brooke, you have alwayB discovered the nature and where abouts of the ' Bpirit !' " " Yes, I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers to deal with. One house that I visited bore a very bad name. Unearthly shrieks as of a woman while being ill-treated had been heard by tho neighbors, as well as by the late occu pants. I stayed in the house by myself one evening but failed to hear anything out of the common, until the lady, a few minuteB before 12, gave mo a taste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and thon in the room above ; I went into the garden — she was there ; 1 went into the street — sho was there. I know she was there, bocauso I heard her. I examined the houso thoroughly, but without success, until my efforts were rewarded after about a couple of hours' searching, and I traced her voice to the roof. I went for it with a ladder and brought it down under myarm — the chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep's brush, and the wind caused these unmusical sounds." " By no means a pleasant job, clambering over tho roof of an empty house ?" "I've had worse. I managed to unearth the cause of the footsteps that were always iieard during the rainy weather in a large houso in High-street, Deptford, some time since! After swarming about the outside in tho wind and wet, I discovered that the gutter was stopped up, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and caused the tapping. Faces were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and two pots' of ' four 'arf' informed me that 'the blokes wot lived in ono of tho korrevaus on the fair ground behind used to go in the house when it was empty to 'doss.' " Mr. Brooko got into trouble a few years ago by his rathor practical elucidation of the Greenwich Mystery. He is a practical man ; a disavowcr of spiritualism and tbeo- sophy, and he scorns "astral bodies." If any one has a real ghost for Bale, ho would bo pleased to buy it ; or if a haunted house can bo pointed oat to him, he will be very happy ta track the "spook" to its parading ground. ' . 