"MISS PAULINE, OF NEW YORK.” CHAPTER XXIII. BY ST . GEORGE RATHBORNE. Author of “Doctor Jack,” “Captain Tom,” “Barren Sam,” Etc. This is the moment when Colonel Bob brings to bear his tactics. He and his men have up to now taken now part in the encounter, for the time was not ripe, but whoa the others reach the point that they are fighting like tigers over the breaatvyjork3 r -the- occasion bias', come for the second detachment to' get in its work.: At a word from the colonel his men poor a withering fire upon the foe—not those who are in the advance, for that would subject their friends to the leaden bail, but a contingent of rioters that hurries up to the assistance of their com piinioris gets the benefit of the volley. : Bewildered, panic-stricken, they hardly know what has come upon them, or in which direction to flo\ Enemies to the right of them, enemies to the' left of them, enemies behind them volley and thunder. Some roll over upon the ground in despair, while still others turn and scamper away os though a legion of fiends pursue^—scamper off without weapons, without hats, without everything that niade them so bold but a minute before. : They are lucky indeed who are able to thus save themselves. Some of their comrades lie upon the fielji of battle who will never more lead the charge or diminish the aguardiente flask, for they have been mot in the midst of a crime stained career by death on a pale horse. • Colonel Bob has made a good beginning, but Colonel Bob is not satisfied. Ho knows bis friends are being hotly beset by the fellows who have gained tho breastworks, and bis idea now is ' -to descend upon* those worthies from the rear, with the fury of the hurricane that sometimes sweeps over tho Sierra Mad res, coming out of that mystic gulf, the scone of' romance and history. 'His first act is to bend down and seize upon one of the torches; having grasped this, be waves the flambeau around his •head until the current of air causes a flame to spring up. Nor is it the only ‘torch regenerated; a number of bis followers have profited by his example, j&pd; at least half a dozen lights are circ ling through the air at the samp time, describing all manner of parabolic curves, 'and looking like meteors flying in zigzig fashion through space. ■ "All ‘this has occupied but a fraction of a minute, and then tbs toroh-bearera leap foward ; the-lino where the/desperate hand-to-hand struggle goes that rway, -bearing the blazing light in one hand and a ready revolver in tfyP other, for thoy are determined, these men who fight for Miss Pauline, that the right shall triumphin’this night. / • Her. do. (hoy leap forward in silence, but with loud Yankee oheCrs that have on many occasions soub- diaemy into the hparts of .enemies. / The. Mexicans;hear them coming—they see the waving! torches and tho deter mined men who bear them, and would fain flee from impending, peril, jput having engaged the foo in front they , now find themselves, at it wore, between two,fires, .tho fury of which threatens annihilation. v A lessonxis nooded that will countr these men arp nobottorthan the brigands vrho infest the mountain paaafiSr-iudeecl, , many of them, are, -no doul t, members of >Vliob gong B ipalled uportbv Senor Lopez, who may be connected with {some secret party of revdlution that k organizing ngainst tho Diaz government,' for Mexico ih*B cyep boon the: hot-bod pi revolutions! crash, who?) Oolonel Dob and hid ipen oome -in .tlmip enemies^ vis. like a sharp and diatinot clop, of thunder, only more disastrous. Mon ore .seen running in oil directions/ firearms ra ( ttle Ond .that terriblo shoutihg conlinuos, ni though the. Americans would add terror to the-flight of their dMeated'foes. , • ThatL sh6ufc is tho lost sound thot enfcorstho ears' of thanl ono .pbor .Wretch,ns , death oomes and bears him i farpy.;'* ‘-.ii-.j.v V.* r- .* . ;VV?:Ah:! .tho field is victory ; Ifcheirtflr ’*.ti '■ ■••'U* t «H; ' .' Oolonel Bob ceasos not his work - while a .single member of the opposing force can be found, in arms, and the terror of his presence makes-itself., felt as. he. rashes hither'ahd yon, bearing the fhmbing torch and (he revolver. , - , Gradually the sounds of. battle die away; the men of the New Mexican sheriff opaso fighting because they can no longer find enemies against whom they may launch themselves. . Alhthat can bo heard beside the con versation of the victors as they look over the field to, ascertain bow many of their number have gone, down, are the cries of the wounded, some calling upon their patron saint cp relieve.;tbeic agony, others bitterly cursing the hated gringoes who have triumphed in the fight for the pos session of the famous .El Dorado. Colonel Bob suddenly. awakens to a startling fact* that gives him .much un« easiness. He cannot find his comrade, Dick h Who has seen Denver ? What could’ have become of him in the msleo? Sorely the flying Mexicans, could not have % parried, away the leader of their enemies.. . , Only under certain conditions, where Dick must have been senseless, could this' have'been possible, and Bob cannot con* twelve that- such, a jhing; has taken place. ; '■ He rages arched, seeking information, and at last strikes a clue. Dick was seen heading for the house of the chief engineer just when the last line of the Mexicans broke and fled, so it looks os though he might be there, Without waiting longer, Bob Harlan rushes away and a. minute later enters the house. \- Once inside the doorway, he pauses to listen, and hears sounds that indicate a desperate engagement of some sort. That arouses Oolonel Bob, who cannot stand by when there is any fighting going on ; he rushes headlong for the scene of the disturbance, for a wonder holding his tongue. As a general thing, under similar circumstances, he would be shouting as he ran, telling those who f >ught not to bring the little affair to a finish until he oarae, but something mo mentarily palsies his tongue now. Perhaps the thought has struck him that the miserable Professor John, that bull* dog of a naturalist, may be in the house with the intention of running off with Dora, and the idea is so staggering that it has actually taken bis breath away. At any rate, it has not deprived Bob of his powers of locomotion, for ho gets over ground in a way that is surprising, and in a fow moments burst upon the scene. It is essentially and peculiarly drama tic, for the characters engaged forth a .complete company. That tragedy has also entered into it can be seen at a glance, nor is the comic side missing—Dora attends to that. The combatants are those old-time bitter foes. Barcelona and the roan against whom ho holds such a bitter grudge, the man for whom he has waited so long, the man who has on several occasions dono him up handsomely—Dick Denver. Just how the ex-horse-tamer seems to fight under a disadvantage; ho has been wounded in the battle outside, and does not possess hisr.usual strength, while the bull-fighter is rendered fierce and danger ous by the fury that controls him. These two, locked in each other’s arms, stagger about the room, but the fact is very potent_that Dick .will meet-his Waterloo unless he is able to bring to bear one of the wrestling tricks learned during his .cowboy dtiys, This does not constitute all the drama* tic scene. Stretched upon the floor is Senor Lopez, with the blood oozing from a wound in the breast. The pistol.that did the awful workjs not three feet away from his hand —it belongs to Barcelona, and iho Mexi can has by.some terrible accident shot his employer just as the man the bullet was intended for leaped upon him. Bending over tho fallen Mexican are two female forms, one being an old woman, tho other a young girl whose face and figure betray the beautiful Juanita. Where they have come from is a mystery; but perhaps, knowing something of the mission of tho senor, they have entered the house looking for him; some other motive may have stirred Juanita to action, some deopfeoling of the heart, for she. is a girl of singular impulses. Colonel Bob’s gnzo does not stop hero; he looks for something beyond. Dora— where is the only and delightful Dora? A cry reaches bis oar in a voice he knows, and, lurniog his head, • Bob sees a sight that causes a broad grin to spread over his faodr-a sight that is certainly humor ous enough to cause a hearty laugh, although serious for one'poor individual! Dora is there, very much there; she holds in her hand a revolver .which this same Colonel Bob gave her recently with which to defend herself. Dora, has taken a fow lessons with this weapon, but she is woefully at sea regarding its use, and although she swings it around in a truly dramatic fj£yle she has neglected to draw back the hammer. Crouching, before her is the little bug hunter, who dodges his head in groat alarm every time that weapon comes in line with his eyes, all tho while keeping up a jargon of beseeching exclamations, calling upon all the gods to witness the fervency of his devotion, end anon bogging the adorable, tho charming Dora nut to murder him in cold blood, ho whose only fault is in loving her not wisely but top well. Quito a strange scene, taken all in all 1 —tragedy and comedy combined. Oolonel Bob hardly knows whether to laugh or look serious. Ho sees that: his coihrado is in rather a bad predicament, and makes dne stop , toward helping him, when he bears Dick say; “ Stand back, Bob, I want to manage this chop alone if..l can. Stand back, old fellow,’’ Though loath to do so, because he sees Dick hardly, in condition to engage in such a desperate business, Bob stands and watches... The two men struggle with tho power of giants, ahd Barcelona, seeing a com panion near by, ready to give his anta gonist assistance, if necessary, realizes how desperato his ortso is. Suddenly he twists himself free from the grasp of bis enemy. At the moment Bob chances to bo.-watching Dora, from whom it is indeed -hard for him to keep his eyes,.since all the world mpyos and has its beings according to his way of thinking, about her fair figure, A scream thrills Bob; ho turns his herfd Just in time to sea a figure flash before him j and realizes that * it' is the maid. of Juanita., Ho sees’ her sprlngbofcwoon Barcelona and Diok Denver just In time to; receive in her bosom jbho murderous ciiohillo that is launched' ‘ forward; . intended for the America^;" A cry of horror rings out—ovou the bull fighter *appears hiilf stupofied at what hd has done—at tho persistency with. Which steps in between himself and Diok Denver. - ; / ’’’ • •• t The stricken girl staggers and fa]ls : ’ aorossUhe form bf tho Mexican, Then a human figure flies at the bull-fighter like a brazy thing ; it is Dick, who has been more than ever aroused by the sight o£ Juanita sent bleeding and dying to the floor at the hands of this'fellow—Dick: who now assaults.him with irre'iistihlw power, who, dazes the Mexican by the brilliancy of . his actions, and presently crushes him to the floor with several sledge-hammer blows that render the humiliated and doomed athlete almost senseless! ’ Bob is on hand by this time,, and , pro ceeds to clap some steel bracelets on the wrists of the bull-fighter, so-that he will not be able to do further damage. Heaven knows he has already done too much in his reckless fashion.' One figure Colonel Bob has not noticed before—it is that of Miss Pauline, who has been standing just beyond a table. She now darts forward, and • when Dick turns after so - quickly disposing of Barcelona, he discovers her bending over the fallen girl, endeayoring with trembling hands to staunch the flow of blood. “Was—he—hurt V the Mexican girl gasps. “ Dick % No, no—you saved . him dearest Juanita.” “For you. I ought to hate you Pauline Westerly, for you have stolen what I thought belonged to me, but I cannot do it; where I would bate L love—I know not why,” gasps the stricken girl.. Dick reaches her side—upon his'face is the deepest concern, but Juanita smiles. “ It is just as well—I could never hove lived and been happy, knowing you loved her. Now I have saved you for your Pauline. I gave my life—twas all I had,. This is fate—it was, my destiny to suffer.” The fierceness of her disposition seems to have utterly vanished, just as a quiet often rests upon nature after the storm has done its worst and quite exhausted itspowers. A groan is beard, but it does not pro ceed from the dying girl. Senor Lopez struggles to raise himself, nod manages to gain a position whore heom look upon the face of bis child—his Ups move, and they hear him utter strange words : “It is the decree of fate ! She saves him for the other. Come closer, you against whom Manuel Lopez has fought so bitterly—come to my side and hear the news I would tell yon.” Dick turns upon him—Pauline is al ready there, and Colonel Bob, having coolly tossed the little professor into a corner under the table, where ho sprawls and groans and utters all the jaw-breaking words his scientific lexicon contains, while begging for mercy, finds a place near by where ho can hear what is said. The old Mexican’s strength is fast leaving him, and it is only a question of time when ho must yield up the ghost. He realises this himself, and musters all its powers to aid him. “ Pauline Westerly, before I die I would hear you say you forgive mo. The fierce desire to see my family regain its old time prestige must bo my only excuse for doing what I have done. With the El' Dorado in my hands I could have stirred up all Mexico, and perhaps placed myself in the chair the usurper Diaz holds, I am proud but when death hovers near, all pride is lavelled. I beg that you 'will forgive—it is easier to do because all of my plans have proven failures.” Pauline is a woman, and had this man dojuahor t.w.ice .the injury that he has, yet would she forgive. Has not his child given her life to save the man she loves for the woman she ehould hate, according' to all natural laws ? “ Rest in peace, Senor Lopez. I cannot comprehend how a man of honor can war upon a girl for the sake of power; but Heaven has seen fit to baffle your pur poses, and far be it*from Pauline Westerly to cherish feelings of malice against a defeated enemy. I only grieve because this wicked scheming his brought one you love to pain and sorrow, perhaps death. Poor Juanita !” and she strokes the luxur iant hair of the Mexican maid tenderly as she speaks,while over the face of the dying girl there passes a look that is akin to holy love. The senor experiences a new sensation —tears flow from his eyes—he weeps. “ Strange, mysterious decree of Provi dence, that one should die to make the other happy. Who can soy the hand of Fate is nob in it all,” he mutters. Dick and Bob exchange glances. Surely the old senor must bo feeling the cold hand of approaching dissolution ; ho raves! They continue to liiton, and hear more strange things. “ Senorita Paulino, I am about to make a disclosure that will give you joy and yet bring perhaps the keenest pain. I solemnly assert that I did not myself sus pect the truth until very recently, and it was my intention to utilize the fact if the plans which culminated so disastrously this night failed to place me in possession of the mine.” Pauline* hears and holds her breath in suspense. What nows can ho impart that i will bring to hor the greatest of joy and tho keenest of suffering 1 [ “ I learned in Paris what your mission was, and having already an inkling of the truth, I sob about discovering facts. Years ago, for revenge upon your father, 1 hired a woman to steal away your little sister Beulah ; it was believed she was drowned ; I myself never doubted it, for tho woman swore to the faot when T paid her. Years later this same woman entered my employ again—sho brought with her a child to whom I took a strange fancy—X adopted her.” “ Merciful Heaven 1” cries P.iuline, bending upon tho dying Juanita a look of startled eagerness and supremo anguish— “that child—Juanita ” “ I have since discovered is tho Beulah stolon from your father in tho past. An teniotte Duval, stand forward and testify to the truth of my words.” -His voice is husky—tho dampness of death is on his brow and a glaze seems to dim the fierceness of his black eyes. At Ins words tho woman advances—.her face is shrunken but shows (races of former beauty, for this Frenchwoman in hor younger days was very comely. “ What Senor Lopez has stated is the truth, every word.” “ Mon Dioa! I hope [ may be pardoned for the part I took in the wicked business. I swear by all that I hold scored that this girl is none other than whom I oaYried away years ago from the Westerly homo Whore I was employed as a nurse. Look upon 'help Mam’selle Paulino—for sho is your sister.” Her words are followed by a scone of emotion ns Pauline bends ovof Juanita qqcl taking her' in her' arms kisses her fondly, her tears falling like rain drops oh the upturned olive face, so faultcfcs in v its rounded contour—tlio one so fair, *tho other, so dark, anil yet sisters. “ Now I understand why I oonld mot hoto you—my sister. The good Virgin put' lb into my heart to lot love roigrv instead of hatred. Do not grieve—it is a street pleasure todid for you both,” , ( • “Jt Is misery—I feel as though I,could 'hover bo liappy.-again 1” Pauline.sabs.. , , 'The old senor haa falien back, anti Dick with one glance sees that be has passed away. . “ Can nothing be done to save her V* he says, feeling worse than ever before in his life. “It is useless—l Know that I have re ceived my death ; a little while and 1 shall pass away from you. Sister —let mo die in your arras,” Pauline only weeps as she gathers the small but beautiful figure close to her heart—she has searched for Beulah in many lands over the seas, and at last dads her, but oh, the terrible pain of this meeting that is but the precursor of the sad parting. “Ihave some knowledge of medicine— let me see what can be done,” says Colonel Bob, 4 gravely. The girl looks at him gratefully, but shakes her head. “It would be useless—besides, when I remove my hand from the wound, life goes out. Give mo a few more minutes to look into my sister’s face ; oh, how strange it all seems—how happy I am to know that there is someone who loves me, who will think of me.” Paulino weeps more violently than before, Dick winks very hard to keep back the tears, while the valiant Colonel Bob, to hide his emotion, turns ond makes a rash toward the little naturalist who has ventured to show his head and shoulders from under the table, but who vanishes within his shell much after the rnmn -r of a tortoise drawing in head and feet in times of danger, when he sres that fierce terror of New Mexico descending upon him. As Colonel Bob, having furtively drawn the sleeve of his coat across his eye, turns ogain, he sees that all is over; Dick is leading the almojt fainting Pauline from the room,followed by the hysterical Dora, while Antoniette Duval bends over the lovely motionless form of the girl who gave her own life to save that of the man she loved. (TO BB CONTINUED.) 