Facks and Roomers, More trouble in E-typt- " Dreadnought " speaks. Seven fir, -a at Broken Hill in a week. Ten thousand empty h"»8s in Melbourne. The Federal Rank of Australia is in trou- ble. " Ghost of Bamlel !" Bit ropgh on Hamlet anyhow. Gladstone Friendly Societies Sports on Ma j 24th. Private Hewitt won the Booyaolee Trophy this time. Whips of candidates for Parliamentary honors this time. "Dreadnought" is rather rough on "A Consistent Player." Sir E. T. Smith fias been farewelled very considerably laiely. A railwav collision in Russia caused Ihe dea hs of 15 persons. Bennet the Broken Hill strike leader has served his three months. An attempt has been made to blow up the Royal Family in Borne. The Queensland loan of £1,82,400 was stthscrihed three times oyer. Dr. Frederick Emil, of Petersburg, an old and respected colonist is dead. Mr. J;ts. Murrie of Georgetown has decided to contest the election in Stanley. William Vonlis Brown of Brighton died on Sunday last aged 84 years. A jockey named McGowan was killed on the old race course on Monday last. Sir. E,. T- Smith must feel mighty glad to get away. T ranch demonstration. Another useful man gone. Dr John Thomas DavieB. Who'll be the next ? " Dreadnought" and " Consistent Piayer" would not run well in double harness. Mr. T. Murrie J. P. has resigned his seat on the Bielitlje School Board of Advice. A deaf and dumb child named B irtnn was burned to death on Tuesday last at Uttley. A mau named Yaughan of Angaston shot at and wounded his son for staying out late. Lieutenaut- Commander the Honorable Patrick Maurice Hely-Hutchison R.N. is dead. — Sir James McCnllock K.O M.G. ex- Pre- mier of Victoria died an Saturday last in England, At the half-yearly meeting on Monday of Elder, Smith & Co. a loss of £6.0,000 was announced. John Cameron alias John Duncan Uameron has heen committed for trial in Adelaide on a charge of bigamy. Princess Margaret of Prussia sister of the E'nperot has been married to Prince Fred erick Charles of Hesse, A conference of the Northern braqch of the Agricultural Bureau will be held at Gladstone next month. Charles E- Tidptuann tfie well known auc tioneer has been committed for trial on a charge of larceny aB a bailee. Thomas Lambert of Port Pirie has heen committed for trial on a charge of attempted crimiual assault on a little girl. Don't forget that the Rev. W. H. Horwill M. A. will lecture at Gladstone next Thurs day. He has a great reputation. It is estimated that there will be a wheat surpins available for export this season of 2,000 000 quarters from Australasia. In future all tenders for work reqnired to bo done by the District Council of Glad stone will be advertised in the Areas Express. By ones, by twos, by threes, Sorrows steal on ns, trials to be borne Not in mad ecstasies — Not in hard apathy — not in proud acorn — But with our human tears in human eye, Ami breaking hearts, aud all but hopeless sighs. 1 "A keerless man in his talk was Jim, And an awkward man in a row, He never funked and he never lied ; I reckon he never knowed how, Aud I'll take tny chance at judgment Along of that there Jim 'Gainst many a pious gentleman As wouldn't shake hands with hiin ; He knew his duty a dead sure tiling And he went for it there and then, AndtChrist aint going to be hard On a man as died for men." "Freeluncher" in the Gawler Bunyip says : — I wish men which we otherwise respect for i-hemselvcs and religiou's sake would drop the sanctimonious clap- trap and talk as oi e laonest, well-meaning, virtuous man should ti'lk to another. I attended a religious meet ing once and was deeply impressed until I heard a local chad hand announce with much unction that a child of five years had been Slaved- I thought to myself, " Poor little victirq, you will hecoine either a juvenile hypocrite or a subject for religious mania." Teach a child to love God, bo truthful and fionest, gentle and generous, but for Heaven's safie keep ic free from caut. 