CHAPTER IV. Although Kathleen could not hear one word of that pathetic appeal that Doris made to He ven as she stood there with face upturned and arms clasped about the little romp, shq certainly could see the movement of her lips, and that fact she announced in a manner characteristic of her. “ Goodness mo, Dorry !” she exclaimed impulsively. “A body would think you ware saying your prayers standing up, the way you stare at the ceiling and keep mumbling and muttering to yourself, Oh, my ! bat wouldn’t you make a per fectly gorgeous figure £ »r a stained-gloss window in the new chapel-—with a lot of light all around you, you know, and a text over your head !” “ Kathleen,” interposed, the Reverend Eliahi}, very properly shocked at this. “ Kathleen, you must not make light of sacred subjects. I will not permit it.” “Why papa !” explained Kathie in in nocent amazement, and at the same time totally ignoring the pharisaical expres sions of horror whibty.burst fiom the lips of Mildred and Hetty and their shocked mamm i. “ Why, papa! I’m sure 1 wasn’t doing that. I only meant to say that Dorry is, so. beautiful,- and lookedi so pure and angelic witty her face turned up like that, and ttyat sad and solemn look in her eyes, that the artist wtyo is designing the lovely stained-glass wior. dow Squire Pcttibono is going to present to the new chapel couldn’t possibly tyod a better model for the central figure than Dorry, dear. I’m sure I * dqn’t see any thing wicked in that, papa, and if there is I didn’t met.n it, so that makes all the difference in the world. Do’-ry would make a lovely subject for such a picture, and I’m sure the artist who’s designing it would think so himself if he were here.” The Reverend Elisha, mollified by this explanation, and realizing that it was only Kathis’s queer way of expressing her ideas and not the ideas themselves which should be censured, breathed a sigh of relief, smiled bonignantly and let the subject drop. But with Mrs. Elisha Oiayton it was different. Still smarting under the sting of Doris’ rebuke, and longing—with all the petty spiteful ness of a mean and narrow nature—to repay stab for stab, and sneer for sneer, she saw in this little affair an opportunity to do so, and in stantly availed herself thereof. " Ooildren and fools sometimes speak the truth,” she said in her cold, hard tones, “ The design of the window is to be a representation of the Magdalen’s re pentance, J believe, and tha fcoxt with wtyioh it is to be embellished f Go thou and sin no more I’ After all, Doris would not make a bad model for the designer of Squire Petfihono’s window—Kattyloen is right in that—and I haven’t the slightest doubt but what the artist would ’agree with the ctyild were ho here!” “You njind your business, please!” snapped Kathleen whirling and facing her, full of angry resentment, ‘f Tty9 de sign of the window isn’t to bo anything of the sort and you know it just as well as anybody. It’s to bo the pioturo,of nn angel flying up to heaven with a little baby in her arms—in meraoriam of Squire Pettibone’s wife end thoir little baby girl, who died with her mother last winter and went where you’ll never have a chance to ‘go unless you grow to be a heap sight bettor than you are at present! Gome on, Dqrry <}eajvand’lot’s got some thing f;o oat, for I’iri just os hungry as hungry can bo, and I’ve had about all the Gold Gravy I can stand this evening 1” Then, before the Reverend Elisha could fnme the reprimand which tt r osj to his lips, or his angry wife could gasp so mud) as one syllable,- Kathie flow to Doris, flung one arm about her waist aud whisked her out of the room. “ Say! didn’t I give her just as good os she sent 1 didn’t I-now T she giggled as she gave Doris an affectionate squeeze, “ She never gets much the best of me if I ean help it—Qud alie n;vor shall, so long as I’m able to stand up for you and poor dead and gone mamnuty I'll till yoq that, When she ‘ digs' at m>‘, I 1 dig ’ back and' thpn scoot before she can think of any thing smart enough to say to turn tho laugh on my side of the house and that makes just tyopping 1 I toll you I fchat/s ttyo way to get thp best of *||hat crow,’ Dorry clear,” ’ “But, my darling;" murmured Doris in a tone of mild reproof, “ such victories' are scarcely worth the winning, I fear, and certainly not in a Una with father’s teachings. Resides, it isn't Christian-like, XCathie, and T am sqrqlt wouty tyo much, better to return good for evil and heap coals of flro upoh their heads by-— -J! \- “ Bother heaping coals of firo on thoir heads—they’rd so co’d you couldn't burn '6m if you covered thoir bodies with hot flat irons !” blurted oat Kathie, with more spirit thin eloquence. “What's the good of being Ohristian-liko to people wtyo don’t appreciate it ? That’s tho worst of bo'fng a-mWN popple expect you to take the pickings and smile over them, and wlr-n they find that you’re willing to do it, you ? ll never get anything bat the pickings while th4y get all tWgbod things and laugh (b think what a little fool you are. Oh, yes, I know it’s dreadful of me to ’allc like till-*, blit,' I)6Vry, dear, I’m not an angel, like to bo content with the cood things that are to come hereafter. I’m a heathen, I suppose,, and ought (o be ashamed of myself, but—glory, Dorry, I ! can't help being what I am, when I was born soy and I toll you what it is, I wmt some of ;the good things while I'm here, because, the more saintly you are, the J harder time you seem to have. Just look at you, for instance. See how Cold-Gravy , Eyes and her two beauties impos i upon you, at you and try to make i you. feet small and mean. Why, before I’d s‘aud What you do ” » | “ Neyet'vmind that, dear, never mind that,” feebly interposed Doris. “ I think you said that you were very hun- i gry, didn’t you, my darling ? Then come i up-sta\ra tqjnay room and get something! to eat at ohcel Supper was over more I than an hour ago, but ‘Dorry' recollec ted her darling, and saved something-nice for her—come up and see.” Thus the subject was changed, and fol-' lowing Doris’ lead, ’.Kathleen scurried up; the strips and was sqon Seated before the “ aoirvething niox” which had been saved, for her, and proceeded forthwith to do full justice to it,. “How badly'your frock is soiled and torn, my darting,’’ said Doris, after Katbie had finished her meal, and, com-; mg over to the chair where she was sit-' ting, kicked forward a low, carpet-covered hassock, ond seated herself in her favorite position—at the. feet of her heart’s idol. “ Why, my precious, I hadn’t noticed it before," but this new pink gingham (which I made for you only two weeks ago, x you little, madcap !) .is positively rained. 1 might be able to sew up all these rents and tears—although they are numerous—but these grass-stains and these dreadful patches of grease—no, not grease, but—why,. ,thoy are patches of apple-gum, I am sure. Oh, Katbie dear, it can’t be possible-that you have been climbing trees?” *- v *! Can’t it ?” responded Katie, with a grin. “ Well, it can, Dorry dear, for, that’s precisely what I have been doing. Don’t you remember wlut you said this morning when you wore helping Het and apd Mil with the pies they wanted to ; make for Cousin Dick and his college chums ? You said that you wished you had some russet apples, and I, like a great big goose, never stopped to think that they weren’t in season, ond ——” “ Dear, foolish little heart I ” inter rupted Doris, tenderly stroking the bright golden head that lay in h«r lap. “ I can guess the rest—you wont scouring the country upon a fool’s errand. Why, my darling, I never wished for russet apples to eat—particularly at this time of the year—and you misunderstood me, that is all/- What I said was, that 1 wished I had some russet apples, when we made up our mince-meab last winter, because J thought -them better thanr any other .apples for that purpose, and as we had sent a firkin of it to Squire Pebtibono’s house, os a present, t was sorry that the minoe*raeat shouldn’t have everything in it of the Very best.” “ Oh, dear, sighed Knthie, despairingly, “ thatfs jastJika me, dsfl’tit 7 ' t never waited to hear the rest, of it—onljr that you ‘ wished you had some russet apples ’ —and then, like a great big ninny, away I rushed and drove over to Thetford Towers ap fast as I c6uld ; cracky Doris ! Have yop got a tit She raigljt well ask it, for, while she was yet speaking, Dprp, as though pro posed by electrical forces, sprung to her feet,. uttered % soun4 that was like a suppressed shpiek, and then, ' as tlpugh smitten, dropped back into her chair and sat their with both bands clutching her throat, and a face as ghastly as the face of a corpse. “Dorry,” panted Kathleen, bes’de her self with terror and surprise; “ Dorry darling, what is it 1 ” Are you sick, dear? or “ Thetford Towers, Thotford Towers,’ half-shrieked, half-gasped, Doris, in a strange, unnatural voice. “You went to Thetford Towers? You went there — you, you ? ” “ Why, certainly, of ourse I d : d, Dorry darling,” Kathleen. “Goodness gracious, X hope I’m nob such a ninny as to frightened by what people say about that place and the sights they fancy they’ve seen there. My sakes, you don't mean to say that you were foolish t-rough to believe thabtho place is haunted. Doris Clayton ? ” “ It is haunted,” answered Doris in an awful ypiqp; haunted by the worst of ghosts—those who bring with them memories of the past, and who drag fr >m tip toml? the sorrows and the wrouga of a wretched, suffering womap/l “ \7oman, your grandmother,” sniff d Kathie, derisively. “ My lands, Dorry, I did think that you had too. much sense to be taken in by any such nonsense as that, ’iyhy, that story about the glpst qf a prowling abopt the ruin is 1>oo silly for anything, and wouldn't frighten oven a oat. Land’s sakes! I’ve boon all through the house from top to bottom this afternoon, and the nearest, thing to a ghost that 1 saw was an old ragged coat hanging upon a hook in one of the upper rooms.” “ The coat 1” gulped Doris. “ You saw the coat? Aud it hangs then still?” “ Still ?” repeated Kathio. “ Goodncis mo ! Iiow coul.1 it help hanging still when Jjhqre lyasp’t anybody ip it to make it rabvo? And’such a funny coat, as H was, too,, Dorry, dear, W by, it's years and years and years out of stylo, and so covered with dust that you’d have to brush it to find out the color of it-, and so terribly moth- eaten that if you did brush it I’m sure it would go all to pieces like the ‘ono-horao almy’ that Dr. Holmes wrote about. Bat goodness mo ! that .doesn’t prove the place haunted, you know, and if you believe that it is,I’ll tell you what: You and I will go there some time and—r-” “ Never 1 Never!” panted Doris, in a Super, bleak voice and in a queer, ex ited way. “I ipyef c| roara s4 j’. was in Dcoph wea unt : l father came hero, and I hoard of the rain,, vhi od it and recog—” “ Dorry 1” cut in Kathleen, with u stpoog riaipg inflection, indiqitivo qf a boundless amazement, “My lands! have you visited * Thotford Towers,’ and never said tt word about it, oven to mo I Well, l onll that roxl mo.n, Doris dlayton—there! I didn’t think you, * would sneak off anywhor i and not lot up go with, you, and tip next time 1 go po IJ)liotfor(| Towers—— 1 ! ■ “ Never go there ogaln!" cut in Doris with a' wild, unnatuVul sort of vehemence, as she loaned forward and nervpusly clutched Kathleen's arm. “Child, child I that place is accursed. Bolter for you had it never existed; better for me had I novov crossed, its fatal threshold. Sorrow has come to ipo of that heedless stop and sorrow will come to you if you' follow ia my footsteps. Be warned, my dar ling, be warned! Let Thetford Towers crumble 'and fall ; let every accursed stone drop from its place and make the ruin complete, and not until then—oh, not even then—let your footsteps ap proach it, my darling or let its hideous shadow full across your pith. Don’t go mar it, Kathie. —don’t go near it, dear. Sorrow , and sadness will darken your life if you do, my precious and if you over hid pity for your own loving mother, keep away from that house and all who belong to it!” “ Why, Dorry ?” exclaimed Kathleen; in well-grounded astonishment, “ what ever could Thetford Towers have to do with our mother, you funny old love? Gracious sikes! I can’t see any sense in such talk as that, and for you to go carrying 'on in this queer way ” “ Kiss me good-night and go to your room, Kathie I” broke in Doris excitedly. “ Qool-night and God bless you, my dar ling God watch over you and keep you from all harm forever. 6ood-nigh% my treasure, good-night, good-night. Now, go, my. little Kathie—go, dear, go ! go ! and leave me to myself, for I—l have a wretched headache, ray pet, and I want to go to bed !’’ -So, Kathie, obeying her request —as she obeyed her always—r-said good-night, and kissing her, passed out of the room and vanished. But in spite of her assert ion that she wished to “ go to bed,” Doris bolted the door, turned down the lamp, seated herself at the window and re mained there for almost five hours. “Thetford Towers !”—she kept repeat ing to herself, ns though the memories evoked by that name had o-iat a spoil over all her wakeful Thetford, Towers j Thetford Towers 1 The last place upon the earth’s broad surface I would have had her visit, the last shadow of my blighted life I would have had the bright morning of hers, and yet—Thet ford Towers—Thetford Towers! Ah, God, will I never cease to remember that time—never forget the time that followed, and never have power to keep the know ledge of both out of Kathleen’s innocent life? Ob, Noel—oh, Noel! How could you have the heart to bring this curse upon mo?” 