YACHTING. . In yaohtihg clrcloa (says our New York correspondent undor dato of 12th August), thoro is much . disappointment at the poor performance of the Amerioan yaoht Navahoo in English waters. The Navahoo sesms to havo been an unlucky . boat from the start; Sho had somo slight mishaps beforo sho.'was finished,' and mors serious ones afterwards; Shortly after sho went into commission she ran 'ashore, but it was on h sandbank, and she was going slowly, with a very light wind, and conse quently the yaoht suffered no serious damage. 'Than sho camo near being wreokeil in a collision at night, an aooideht ,wbioh docs not seem to - have been- anybody's fault, although it- was quito A serious consequence : to" thoso couoornod in it. . In ono of her trial races before she left for the other : sido of tho Atlantio she carried away her topmost , anil, 1 ' suffered other injuries, although she was In a . . breeze so light that nothing of. tha kind was "cxpcctod. ' Yachtsmen who are inclined to ho \- superstitious account for the ill luk ; of the ' boat by dcolaring that she is a "hoodoo, .and will . never have any good luck as long as : she is afloat. Wero she, to bo brought hore now aud offered for sale it is probable that ' she would bring a very low price. Of course no man with any sparknf superstition in him would have the Navahoc at any price, and oven those 1 who arc not superstitions would not care to have a boat with a . reputation for bad ;lu'ok. Yory ' few .people of to-day believe in ghosts and super '. natural things of that . sort, but how many ' of. us unbelievers would ' be willing to walk ' alono through a grave '.'yard; on: a'dark!night? .' Preparation's. : are steadily going . on' for' the groat race in October', for! the America's cup. The report oomes from. Boston that MivPaine's ' yacht Jubilee, which was. built to. tako part in . the .'trial', races to select a; defender for the :;Amerioa's Cup, . has proved to be a failure, and ' she wiil'not be entered' in' the trial races. . Cer tainly she made a very, poor showing against the c other Boston,; boat Pilgrim when they.' had a .small brush in Boston Harbor recently. The ' entries, for the , trial races wero supposed to " have clusod on 1st August, but in point of fact ' tile committoo may accept entries at . any time „ and. oven if Jubilee should not sail in. tho trial ' races she cdiild still be chosen a defender if, in 'her. 'meetings with the other three sail boats, ; sbo:sliould prove to be faster than ''eny of them, There is o general desire to seleot the very best -boat that can bo chosen . for competition against vVnlkyrie, and it is safe to say that, all1 of the. 'four' boats .whioh have been built. for this raco 1 will sail against each otlier.afc every opportunity, i Pending the result' of the great raoo when it ;comes off in October it is very, 'certain that' Earl 'Duhraven will be royally entertained, at least '.as. royally as entertainments, can bo in a Re-, public: " 