A TALK WITH A PORTRAIT PAINTER. " I suppose," I remarked, " that portrait painting helps a man to become a good reader of character ?" " Certainly," said Sir George Reid. " I am becoming quite an expert in judging of a face. Still, I would say this : that phrenology is far from being an exact science ; and I have noted it as a very remarkablo and a very delightful fact that almost invariably I have a far higher opinion of my sitter when the portrait is finished and I have learned t.o know him than I had formed on first sight of him. Take my word for it, there is a wonderful lot of good in human nature." "And what do you think of portrait painting nowadays, Sir George ?" " It is decidedly promising, and you see much that is really good. But, oh dear !" he continued, as he rose from his chair and began to walk up and down the room, "who can excel that wonderful Yelasquez ? No man of to-day can come up to him. I would rather go to him than to anyone else. Bub you'll never understand him till you go to Madrid, and see him there. Sixty of bis finest paintings. There you have him in his early, his middle, and his late period. The early is tight and hard, Violent in light and shade. In his middle period you begin to feel a new sorb of idea : there is more Nature in him, bub he is still hard, there i3 no looseness. Bub gradually towards the end how he softens and tones down, aud yet what intense reality thereis ! Can't you feel how actual his people are ? " cried the now fairly excited artist, as he pointed to the wall upon which hung some splendid photo graphic reproductions of Velasquez's finest works. And then, branching off for a moment, Sir George turned to me, and said — "Why do Whistler's portraits abtracb so much ? Because," he continued, replying to his own question, " they are ghosts, they are shadows. It is as .if you went into a crowded drawing-room and saw- a ghost flitting here and there amongst the actuali ties of warm flesh and blood. That is why Whistler's portraits are so remarkable — they are nob people, but ghosts. " And. now to come back to our friend Velasquez. Notice the wonderful .landscape in that 'Peter and Paul' of his ; look up that valley, away up the distant moun tains and the .nearer ridges running down towards the stream that, though it is in the foreground, he has dared to paint so/ very thinly, slightly. ' / "Bub you see in that picture all thp quality of infinity that vou see in Turner s [?] — Ca.s. Aer-, 