WARRAGUL ATHENIUWM. LIVELY MEETING OF SUB SCRIBERS. -0- THE BUILDING TO BE CONVERTED INTO A CONCERT HALL. The greatest interest was manifested on Tuesday evening in the proposal, emanating from several members of the committee, to take down the present partitions, in order to fit the hall for public gatherings, and thus increase the revenue as a set off against the loss that will be sustained on the- removal of the shire oflices. The large reading room was crowded with subscribers, one section being strongly in favor of the proposition, and the other just as firmly opposing any interference with the building, alleging that the rooms were eminently suited for small gatherings. The chair was occupied by Mr. Arundel, the president of the institute, who, in taking his seat, remarked that for the benefit of those who were not acquainted with the actual position of the institute, lie would like to put the meeting in possession of the facts concerning their financial position, so that they would better understand the difficulty of the committee.. He said, three years ago before the hall was subdivided, the bank overdraft was over £100, two years later it had risen to £250, since that time it had been reduced, and in December, 1892, the overdraft was £105, and at thepresent time it was only about £80. But as the shire council would very shortly move into their new quarters, their only income would be about £50, or with the subsidy added about £100 per annum. Of this amount the secretary's salary took £40, so that there was only about £40 left for the purchase of books etc. It was there fore apparent that something would have to be done to improve the income. (Hear, hear). Mr. J. Biram said he desired to make a statement, though he felt in a rather awkward position. He had all along contended that the trustees were the only persons who had any right to move in the direction of altering the present building. The Chairman drew Mr. Biram's attention to the fact that the rules stated that the trustees must do such and such things by direction of the committe. Mr. Biram said that he had objected to the dividing of the hall previously, and now objected to the building being altered again. The Chairman thought they had better have Mr. Scott's motion. Mr. Biratm remarked that he had no wish to stop discussion. All the trustees would, he thought bow to public opinion, and he considered that the public should have a say in the- matter. The Chairman: There is not a word about the public in the rules. Mr, Biram replied that the Athenseum was founded 10 years before the present rules were adopted, and drew attention to the fact that the Governuient were the largest contributors to the funds. Mr. Staveley said that Mr. Biram had signed the trust deed. 'Mr. Biraun wished to explain that he was a trustee and not a subscriber. Mr. Amnonr: You have no business here then. Mr. Biram asked if lie was to be per mitted to remain, and the Chairman re plied in the affirmative, as lie desired to have the whole question threshed out. Mr. Scott then made his proposition to the effect that the partitions of the building be removed and the hall restored to what it was before rented to the Shire Council, and that sufficient accommodation be left for the convenience of thesubscribers. It wais necessary to do something to make up for the loss of the £065 paid by the Shire Couecil. A billiard table had been suggeoted, b-ut that would not do. If, he said, the Hall was madies available again they would be aisle to get a little income fromt that source, but if tihey lid not make monsey in some way hie wias afraid the Institute ewo;tld have to be shot up. SMr. A. J. Harris quetc,!i?:ed if the sub scribers had the power to stake the altera tions. MSr. Tas. Connor secondedl the motion. The Chairman thought that the rules gave the subscribers all the power they required. Mr. Canali wished to know if the Iusti tute had derived more income frotm the hall before it was divided. Mr. Scott said the Institute had lost £30 per annum by putting in thepartitions, which was shown in the returns. MIr. J. L. Parkles en(eqired if Mr. Biram would give his reasons for wishing to allow the hall remain as present. Mr. Biram said ise wen!-l give the same reasons now as he gave '"en objecting to the sub-division of the building :-It would have been better at that tinme to have built new rooms for lie Shire otlices, and it would be better now to put. up a new rooin than interfere with the plresent hall, which would cause great incon venience to the subscribers. The hall was a failure before, and the coimmittee had put up the partitions inl the hope of increasing the income. Mr. Scott said that two years before the alteration the income was £30 more than it was afterwards. -Mr. Witton said that before the altera tions were made the hall was also used as a Court House, and at that tinme it was the only hall in the place. Mr. Biram: The Institute was simtply dying of inanition. Mr. Binder: We want some aceuenni tion now. (Laughter.) The Secretary read the following state ment, showing the returns for the past four years:-Exclusive of the Governmcent grant: 1888, £164; 1889, £110; 1800, £83; 1891, £148; 1892, £130. Mr. Parkes said it was important to know what would be the probable cost of the proposed alteration. The Chairman explained that the present overdraft was covered by a joint and several entered into by some of the committee, and was limited to £150, if it was decided to open the hall for public gatherings, this limit would have to be increased. Mr. D. Conner suggested that the funds for furnishing the hall could be raised by concerts, etc. The Chairman supposed the Institute would get a share. The Secretary read the estimates sup plied to the committee forproposed altera tions, and these the meeting considered very favorable. Mr. Scott estimated that seating accom modation would not cost mnore than *2"5, and the drop curtain £5. The Chairman did not think tlat the premises could be put into working 'order under £70. Mr. Biram asked if the work would be done to the satisfaction of the Board of Health. In reply to Mr. D. Conner, the clhanir man said that the estimates for alterations had been prepared by coimpetent tradesmen and thlat tie work could be done for the amounts stated by. the secretary. Mr. Scott did not think that the expense would be more than £50, and against that their first concert would realiseabout £15. Mr. Witton pointed oute that it was a breach of confidence for the 'seeretary to have read out the estimates supplied to himu, and talken down by the Press, it placed the men at a disadvantage.-The Chairman attempted to explain that' the secretary lead merelydone as desired, and thlat the Press lnhad'not taken doern the figeres, when the secretary observed that he was "quite capable of speaking for himself" at wrhich there wris genera aughlter... In reply to MIr. Canali the chairman said that the old furniture was sold to the Darnum Mechanics' for £10, but that only £7 10s had been received. Mr. Morse;: Where's the drop-curtain ? The Chairman: It's dropped out of existence. (Loud laughter.) Mr. Morse: Well, if that's the case the Atheneum have dropped £10. (Laughter). A slight pause followed after which Mr. Biram said that with the consent of the meeting he would explain all about the drop-curtain when the business before the chair was disposed of. DMr. Jones asked what convenience there would be for the subscribers if the divisions were takdn out. Mr. Scott explained that he would use the shire secretary's office as the library and reading room, and when the large hall was engaged he did not think there would be any serious objection to non subscribers using the members' room. Mr. D. Conner enquired if there was a likelihood of letting the hall for public gatherings. The Secretary replied that some one had said that " Old 'olack only wanted to make some crumbs out of it."-(loud laughter),-but be could tell them that " Old Polack " was prepared to give £30 per annumn for the use of the hall. Mr. Parkes said that before the question was put to the vote he would lhke to know if the trustees were likely to oppose the project, or if they would assist them in getting a fcrthierimortgage on the building. Mr. D. Conner said he failed to see the need of an additional mortgage. If the alterations could be affected for the amount stated it could be raised by concerts, and without entailing any additional liability, if some little life were inflsed into the affairs of the Institute. Tihe Chairman said that tlhe overdraft was 180, and live members of the coln mittee -were responsible for the amiount, which ought to be borne by the trustees, as clearly Indicatel by the rnles. In reply to Mr. D. Connor, Mr. Staveley said that in the deed of trust, as drawn liup by Mr. D. Wilkie, the property of tile Institute was vested solely in the trustees, who agreed to sign any smortgage required by the committee. Mr. Biram stood aloof for a long time, but eventually signed the deed. Mr. Birane observed that he had refused to sign on account of the objectionable clause, but afterwards gave his signature under the impression that the Shire Council and Athen:eum would have conm bined to erect suitable premises for both. Mr. Staveley : You are now bound by the deed of trust. (Laughter.) Mr. Binder was surprised that no alternate schemeo had been proposed, a lot of objections had been raised against Mr. Scott's plans, but no one was prepared with a better one. Mr. Witton stated that, as one of the trustees lie was prepared to carry out the wishes of the subscribers. iHe could only listen to what was being said but he would like to have a " bnck in." - DMr. Round, also a trustee, said he would accept the verdict of the meeting, but hle thought that the liability should be lilted oil the shoulders of the commlittee first. Mr. Scott retorted that -Mr. Round had always smilingly agreed to adopt the pro posal, but at same time introduced some amendment so as to postpone the matter and gain time. Mr. Round: Weill Mr. Scott sign the joint and several ? Mr. Scott: No. I will not, and those of the conmmittee who have done so were foolish. Dr. Hayes remarked that le would agree to the removal of the partitions if it was necessary for the welfitre of the Institute. The Chairman: Mr. Biraum will surely not remain singular. (A voice, " single or singular.") :Mr. Biram still held out, and said he would be in a hopeless minority of one. He proposed to leave the building as it stood, and put up a new room in the front. He had advocated this before and thought that a good building grant could be obtained from Government. (Hear, hear). The Chairman pointed out that MIr. Biram would not assist the commnittee to improve the building to the extent of £40, but would spend £400. Mr. Binder remarked that they ought to get a grant on the £40, and thus make it easier. He thought that the secretary's' offer of £80 per year for the hall was a handsone one. Mr. D. Connor was with Mr. Biram to some extent, but lie would not go to the length of building a new room at the present time, which might be found out of place by and by. It would be best to re-open the old hall, which would do for several years, until times improved and they were able to put up a good building. (Hear, hear). Mr. Staveley: The foundations of the building are rotten, and if the hall is let for dancing it won't stand the heavy weights. (Laughter). Mr. Witton said there was not a ghost of a chance of getting a grant for pulling down the partitions, the idea was ridiculous. When the alterations were made the piles were examined and the worst ones were replaced, leaving the others to last a few years longer. Mr.'J. Connor: The foundations were made as good as new, and red gum blocks put in. MIr. Witton observed that the building was cut up into rooms in consequenceofllthe erection of the rink and masonic-hall, and a falling revenue. Mr. J. Conner: It was owing to the management being concerned in tie other halls. (Laughter). Mr. Bliram said hle hlad objected to the Efirst alterations, and Mr. Witton ricearked that ths late secretary had nio right to make'suchl astatement; lwhat hlie did was done in the irnterests of the institute. dIr. Symonds advocated special efforts to obtain new subscribers, the secretary had a rosy billet and ought to make an effort. ?Then there should be a emoke room, so that young fellows could learn -(Mr. Binder, "'to smoke," lanulhter). lie was iefraid that if the hall was re-opened subscribers would be driven away, as n3 one could read with a lot of noise going on. He did not oppose the project from selfish motives. Mr. P'olack, tle secretary, warnlly re sented the aspersions of the last speaCker, adding that if all paid subscripteons as well as MIr. Symonds, thlre would be some difficnlty in getting fineds. Mr. D. Conner, mientioned tlhat the Shire Council would probably throw the large room in the new offices open to tlhe public, but he did not think they would compete with the .other similar buildin's in the town. Mr. Parkes said thlist the Council were not likely to consider any other body in the town in fixing their scale of charges for the room mentioned by Mr. Connor. An amendment wras proposed by MZr. Staveley and seconded by Mr . A. J. Harris, to the effect thalnt the building renmein untouchled, but was subsequently withdrawn as unnecessary. Mr Scott's nmotion was then pult to the mceeting, 15 voting for it and 8 against, and it was accordingly declared carried. The Chairman expressed a hope thlat all would endeavor to assist the conemiittee. Mr. Rlound said he would hIonestly endeavor to carry out the resolutloe of the subscribbrs. The meeting closed with 'otes of tltenks. At the general sessions at Palmerston, od Wednesday, before Judge IIamilton, W. Sauverine pleaded guiltyto forging anld uttering a cheque for £15 14s, iin Mr. W. Pettit, Watclhnaker, Warragul, and was remanded for sentence. 