KYNETON SHIRE COU^| L The monthly meeting 0f thn Te was held on Saturdav Th present—Crs Skehill (president) S * et6 Campbell, Thompson, Newton, Macdsnald, Carter Sm;«. p ,? et . Hfl Andrews, Palmer, and Watson. ' l - CORRESPONDING* From the Public Health 'Den** drawing the attention of the couS?^ necessity of forwarding accurate ^ prompt information with ra£rari t„ spread of any particular diseaU <J2 ? e health of the shire generaliTi, ** enable the Board of Health to J?" necessary, before the disease widely—Received. "" From the Shire of Ripon, dravri,,., attention of the council to the of the Supreme Court in the case of R Creswick Shire, and urging the ell 1 ' impress upon their Parliaments « eentatives the necessity of at once J,?^ ing the law with regard to suS Received. cases— From Dr Ryan, Health Officer, re^that "measles had not yet disanriar^CS the Pastoria East, Green Hm ^^^11 ' Hill State schools, which had to ba T 0 ! during the past month. No other tagious diseases had been reported p the past month.—Received. o " ettdnr ttS From the Eye and Ear Hospital M. bourne Orphan Asylum, and tion.-SJ^. SOC,ety ' From Dr Ryan, Health Officer of ti shire, stating that Mr Hugard, teaeW . the Pastoria East StatelchwlW^ ported all the children attending. W school were attacked brmeasles.-Betó^ From the Secretary Kyneton HoemUL stating that the Hospital Committed accepted the council's offer, of ^70 for T 1 current year, such sum to cover the cost of attending to all fever and contagious^ occurring m the Shire of Kyneton, and tS the fever tent, and all appliances beWW to the council be given to the Hospital.' A sub- committee of the Hospital had boa, appointed to confer with a similar Z? mittee from the Shire Council, with ti« object of drawing up an agreement on the subject—Crs Smith, Campbell, Andrew^ and the President were appointed a com. mittee to draw up an agreement. From the Health Inspector, reportine ths slaughter-yards and butchers' premiss ii the shire in a fairly satisfactory state- Received. FromW. Orames, curator public carina asking to be allowed to put on a manfoi two or three weeks, as, owing to the W winter, and a deal of his time being tatei up with the trees and reserves outside the gardens, he was a little behindhand -with his work.—Referred to Garden Committee. From W. Goodison, secretary Trentham Recreation Reserve, stating that Messn Burton, Blackmore, and Ainsivortb, had been elected members of the committee of management of the Trentham Recreation Reserve.—Received. From W. Orames, stating that he would not require any street sweepings for use at the gardens for the next 12 months.—Beferred to Garden Committee. From H. J. Armstrong, asking for further instructions in the case of Harper v. Gribben.—It was resolved that steps ba taken to enforce the payment of the monei. VLTITN TT T A ...ml — 1 - ,* council to have the footpath in Yaldwin Street formed north of his propertv—Eeceived. From C. H. Swift, secretary Geelong and Western District Fish Acclimatising Society, informing the council that thev had been allotted 500 brown trout fry, and requesting the council to send for them as soon as possible.—Received. From the Shire of Strathfieldsaye, asking the council to oppose any amendment in the Shops and Factories' Act.—Eeceived. From the Treasury, forwarding £1489 Is 9d, being the council's share of tht municipal endowment.—Receired. From 6 ratepayers of Snowden's Hill, requesting that the spring at the back of Mr P. Cullen's, and near Mr Bate's property, be permanently reserved for watering purposes.—Agreed to. PETITIONS. Cr Andrews presented a petitien from 67 ratepayers of Lauriston Riding requesting the council to take the necessary steps to have Mr D. Smith's name placed »nthe roll of honorary justices of the peace. Ihis petition gave rise to considerable discussion, as it was considered that it would be unwise, and form a bad precedent, for th« council as a body to interfere in such matters. The petition was ultimately withdrawn, and the petitioners recommended to communicate with the Minister of Justice in the ordinary way. A petition was received from eight ratepayers in the Trentham district, drawing attention to the inconvenience caused to contractors by their having to travel to Kyneton to inspect specifications for local contracts, and requesting that such specifications, together with tender forms, should be forwarded to the clerk of works at Trentham a week before the day of accept" ance of such tenders —The prayer of the petition was granted- PROOBESS ALLOCATIONS. The members for Carlsruhe Riding snł» mittedthefollowingallocationscheme,which was adopted:—Govett's Road, il20; Jarretfs Road, .£30,- Jews 1 Harp Road (Pastoria), £10; 3-chain road and M'Call's Road, £50; Powell's Hill, £10; Black Hill Road, £30; Bonndary Road (L. and E.), .£20; Cobaw Road, .£10; Pullen's Road, Blister's Gate, £12; Central road, east of Pullen's Road, 410; Central Road, maintenance metal, £40; Jews' Harp Hill, £50; Main Mount Alexander Road, £50; cutting hill on Central Road (Piper's Creek), £120; Ham's Lane, £10; Baynton 3-chain road, 420; Frost's Lane, £10; Baynton 3-chain road, £30 ; total, £732. Balance to be expended in maintenance metal and day labour, repairs to bridges, &c-; The members of the Trentham Biding submitted the following allocation scheme, which was adopted:—Parish of Coliban— Blister's and Alexander's Road, £80; Bonn. "Jary Road, Glenlyon, £30; Wayland's £15; Endor's Road, north of Raili. g*te, £30; total, £155. Parish of TrenthamVEndor's Road, south of railway gates, £20; iHainteHince metal, township, £60; clearing streets," utc., £40; .travel, township, £20 Newbury roa&to; shire 0 bonndary, £40; main Blue Mountain Voad, £30; Mulcahy's Lane, £15; Murphyt 'ijane, 410; Newton's Lane, £30; Cranne/s La^. and Donnelly's Lane, £15; James' Lane, maintenance, £70; James* Lane south, £40; Gleed's Lane, £50; Chamber's Lane south, 425; M'Gifford'e Lane, 410; Pearson's Lane east, 430; Pearson's Lane west, £60; total, £565. . The members for Tylden Biding snbr mitted the fallowing allocation, scheme, which was adopted:—Spellacy's Lane, £4Qi main Blue Mountain road, 430. The members for the Kyneton Siding submitted the following allocation which was adopted:—Purchase of 12 ue«r lamp illars, £40; erection of caretaker's cottage, tarkly Square, 450; erection of fencing, police paddock, 410; erection of fencing, north of Barkly Square, £10; erection new bench retorts and new mains (hydraulic) for gasworks, 450; roadmaking, Bourke Street, 435; gas-piping and laying gaspipes, £50; .2,000 yards road metal, £400; asphalting footpaths, 4100; asphalt dwn^ selling, 450; pitching and channelling, 420\. Total, 48lS. \- ACCOUSTS. The accounts due to officers, contractors, &£., were passed for payment. REPORTS. From the Shire Secretary, reporting that he had received and paid into the bank the sum of £1684 Ss 2d since his last report.— From the laterfsoUector, reporting haruig collected rates to the amount of 49 9s and gas accounts to the amount of £11* 8s 4d- The amount of gas arrears was at present £4919s 9d.—Received. From the foreman of gasworks, reporting for month of October:—Coal carbonised, 33 ons; gas produoed,' 298.750ft; production per ton, 8,875ft; consumers' meW*' 05,600ft? lamps, clock, and works, 650,000ft; leakage and condensation, 22^50ft; total feet, 292,750. .From Road Inspector Ward, calling the attention of the Council to the dangerot leavingShe posts or bore indicators erectea by the men iu charge of the diamond drxn in HughBe" and Brereton's roafl in their present position.—Received. Inspector:® suggestion to be carried out. ' ENGINSEB'S REF9BT. L The worts required fct culvert « south end of Ham's KAdL eMlsrohe, con* rTatont^four chains forming and iists o' l0 chains drain on east Bide., metal^g' 3^® „Beceired, ^ Moubray»s Ioad, the J. 0n .„^Monbray's nortt-west comer ^proved by adightjńat of metal wiJdneiu* Then* is enffiojent metai-on isl^f'Ve bridge this road at the *«»•, u™ damkgnd by the flowis. ^brnheha^WF j^feen done, but ^^"rSudis will ha™ to łe done ae soon f^JSSTis low enongh—Becared. . of Scott's is l ii 16; to alter to 1 iu 22, would-take inn yards of 01 cutting, «•»»• - with the • «: nlfonng, the E180.— bridge, fe ^^Trev bas been m»de of the land to *• , <w.m Mr O'Connor's for -widening * oath" hui west of The quantity of land is H«JJ r® 8 to form road with ą gradient H i -irł as shown on plan, will require ttóty-dsof-cufctin|. Thelengthof 1 5 ?P. „d filling is 18 chains, which metalled.—Eeceived. road, Trentham, the rise eitside of the flat, atthe east side HM, would require from 500 f ^ ^ ^ S n g ^nd^y.tom eight £ toS metalling.—Beceived. GENERAL BUSINESS. DiTf LkBOUB.. n e report of the committeB appointed JZsitetMi report upon the q^stion SSmgthe wages of theday labourers j to SSawL was brought tip for <*>n- •j^Hon The report recommended that fJ^Xbe reduced to 6s 6dper day. ThTmson moredthe ^ o n of the which was seconded by Cr Watson, "ft! Hill was decidedly against thepro- J L reduction. He ttdnf^t it. ^as a JSto thing to interfere wxtiiioitoowł Ł " These Jnen-had a f great K Wtasttimfi, tod^consrderedit nSt to impossible for them to lire on what & Cr IsJmer's^he'w^ciitirtJy in accord -irt, Cr Hill over this matter. He thought Zrav for day labour was low enough, sod he was sony that_these men's wages Sdbeen touched. When the salaries of te more highly paid offioas were under consideration Cr Thomson did not appear to be proportionately economical. CrWateon said he entirely agreed with the report, and if he had his way he would take a shilling a ~day off the labourer's 'cTsmith did not think the labourers were paid too much. If the council were determined to economise in this direction, the better way would be to employ less daj labour and let more by contract. Cr Uewton supported the motion. Cr Andrews spoke strongly against the moposed reduction. He urged that it was the wrong time^o lower wages, and maintained that the necessaries of life were no cheiper now than they were three or four veare ago. * Cr Macdonald spoke m favour of the "cr'campbdl supported the motion. The purchasing power of a pound was, he maintained, mora now than ever it-was. If it wis not, then he considered the storekeepers got too much profit out of their business. He did not wish to crush the working man out of existence, tut he certainly would not employ tŁem to do his work at the price. Cr M'Kenna did not think the men were getting too much. At the same time, he knew for a feet that hundreds of men were eaoei and willing to do as hard or harder Tfork for the farmers for 12s 6d a week, toiling from sunrise to sunset. He foresaw a Teat deal of difficulty in doing away with day men altogether, but he hoped that some means would be devised of doing nearly the whole of the council s work by contract, and reducing the amount of day labour to a minimum. " Cr Thomson quoted prices to show that liTing was much cheaper than it had been. He thought the wage was quite .high enough, as 5s 6d now was equal to /s 6d fouryears ago He also thought that the workmen's money was not spent to the best advantage, as they were always to be seen at circuses, shows, and other forms of entertainment. Here were plenty of men billing to work lor their tncker; ; -- Cr mil - Those mer had no Tent or taxes ^After a good deal of irregular discussion fa motion was put—"That the report be idopted," which was carried by seven votes to B 1 T - • . _ The following was tie votingFor the Mdon-Crs Skehill, Carter. Macdonal^ Wateon, Newton, Camptell, Thomson, and M'Kenna. Against the motion — Crs Andrews, Hill, Palmer, Smith, Knight, and E Cr£narews then moved as an amendment that the decision arrived at be not applicable to the Kyneton Biding. Cr Hill seconded the amendment. Cr Campbell said that he was under the impression that the "labour ghost" had been laid, but it appeared to him that some rf his fellow-councillors, who were so rtrennonsly opposing this reduction, had a wholesome fear of the co-called labour mrtj. He thought they should pay men what they (the men) were willing to take. (Dissent). - Cr Hiil objected to Cr Campbells remarks about the labour votes. For his own part he was thoroughly independent if any man, and would not be dictated to bj SOT clique or party. If some of the rich toners present had to subset for a fame on 6s per day, Ifcey would not be so ready perhaps to reduce thfi day labourers' paltry Mttance. Cr M'Kenna thought tiiafc the members for the Evneton Eiding^shonld be allowed to deal as they liked with their own money. II they wished to panperise -their ^ay labourers, he thought ihey should be left Itlibertytodoso. ' ; - ł _ Cr Andrews warmly resented Cr Campbell's remarks relative to. Cr Sill and himlelf, and said the observations were both unjust and uncalled for. As » mstter of feet, tie great majority of thereridents of the shire were not labouring " men. and Satber himself nor his brother councillors bid any object to gain in endeavouring to Imdliate them. Cr Skehill thought it was scarcely fair-to interfere with the members of the Kyneton Eiding in the disposal ot their money. After some furthti discussion, Uie intendment was carricS "by 8 votes to 6. Cr Thomson moved tiiat tenders be incited for day labour. Cr Skehill suggested that -nonce of Xtrtion Bhould be given to that effect. Cr Campbell said that 4Le eountiy.niemiw« had done *p3łłtór • ffiΜ(a,-Bne _D<sfectly.'iContCT L t to: Kynetxm cinemWOTM^^®® flwaft within tt^ttwnłidinjg. The report, as amended, .. TOS flien adopted. -'••'/..-. ^ Z''' ' f 6KA2TKG CATTLE OK PDBŁię BMPB. 1 Cr Thomson moved thai Mr 'Wald, .the Kad inspector, be instructed to take eome teps to try and abate the nuisance_ -of Peajde grazing their cattle on the public He said the practice waB becoming too common, and was an intolerable l^ittnrc. CrMacdonald seconded'the motion- He not object to one or two cattle grazing ® unfrequented roads, but when it came' »whole droves, he thought it ehould be Ptiastopto. ' Crs Smith, Watson, and others, ftiso uuraght the practice was beooming too nramon, hnt did not see exactly howthe Manoe was to be abated, vr Palmer thought they might as well •"TO their neaghbours* cattle on the roada ** sheep from Riverina- THE MOVE OS CLAUSE. CrCunjfljell brought the sbo^ jpibjeet SJ 4 ® the notice of the council- ISb Booglit it was high lime Bomething waB J 0 ® in this direction. The councfl had power to insistimoa such a clause, moved that the memJjCTs tor the Biding be appointed *! con "ongupar^ortoniHiepibject ft Thomson thought that, at be some legal difficulties in tfis *ay solicitor Elould lei^dea to committee. f, „7-——a was agreed to. CHSfcehfll moved that a drain con i near Mr IŁ Ł Armstcpngls ^ JJ View Point—Camed. V^c*^ "^-P arried. — -jxnillltt ^to^following tendere md denning te* jr:<*ł( flain^ Boad, Carlsruhe, John Hickey, Jgl5 30s • ™ t^fi.fiiang, metalline, atPiper'B Creek HHJ, Central fioad,Carlsruhe, James M'Gmgan, ^£106 14s; forming, metalling and culvert Govetf s road, D. Mahoney, X62 lis 2d; suppling maintenance 'taetal, ir^Hiam township, E. Ellis, 3s SdAper yardjEupplying maintenance metal, NewburyBbad, Garlicks.W. Clark, 8s per-yard ; supplying maintenance metal, Jamee* Łane, Trentham, D. Mahoney, 3s 6d per yard • supplying maintenance metal, Blue Mountain Eoad, Trentham, W. fTOmott, 3s7Jd per yard; Eupplying maintenance metal. Enders. E«ad, Trentham, J; B. Enders, 17e 8d; fencing and gate, near Barkly SquajĄ 4c,'T. W. Butherland, ,£30 fis-, caretaker's cotfcag&, Barkly Square,irferred to riding to deal with ; forming and metalling, Bourke Street, fresh tenders ordered to be called for; drains, crossing, &c.;, Cobaw Boad, John Fatten jun., £10 7s 6d; forming, and metalling, Fitzgerald's and Spellacy's Eoad, Tylden, D. Mahoney, £6; building in retorts at Gasworks /labour only), Robins Bros, .£8 19s. MOTIONS BT NOTICE. 1\. Cr Campbell moved—" That the sum of £2/3 be spent in re-forming and draining on the Central road, east of Fullen'e road,, towards Newham Shire boundary, and that provision be made on allocation scheme for current year."—Carried. 2\. Cr Camptidl moved—"That the hill on Central road, near State school, 873, Pipe r's Creek, be cut and metalled in accordance with the engineer's report of April 8th, 1893, provision for same to be on the estimates for current year."— Carried. 3\. Cr Palmer moved—"That tenders be invited for 12 lamp pillars, and thatsuch tenders be concurrent with this motion."— Carried. , 4\. Cr Palmer moved—** That a careat a, cost not exceeding £100—of ; which one-halfshall becontributed by locti_cluh6 (cricket or football). Tenders to-W" concurrent with this motion."—Carried. (feS.-jCr Palmer moved—" That separate tenders be invited for a post and 'two-rail fence for the enclosing of the reserve on Post-office Creek at the west of Wedge Street and north side of Barkly Square; also new post and two-rail fence along the .south ana west sides of the boundary line of that part of police paddock reserve south of Post-office Creek. Tenders to be concurrent with this motion."—Carried. 6\. Cr Palmer moved—" That a sum not exceeding £30 be spent in the erection of a bench and hydraulic mains, etc, at gasworks in accordance with the manager's report."—Carried. 7\. Cr Palmer moved—"That the north side of Bourke Street, between Edgecombe Street and junction of Barton and Bourke Streets, be formed, such formation to be 10 feet wide, and connect the metal formation in Bourke Street."—Carried. 8\. Cr Skehill moved—"That 15 chains of metalling and pipe-crossing be made on Govetfs road; also 50 yards of broken metal on Powell's* Hill, near Donovan's."— Carried. 9\. Cr Skehill moved—"That £12 be spent on Gooch's road in drainage and the repairing of a culvert, according to the engineer's instructions."—Carried. 10\. Cr Newton moved—"That tenders be invited, returnable at next meeting, for JE30 worth of maintenance metal for Bine Mountain main road, parish of Trentham." —Carried. 11\. Cr Newton moved—" That tenders be invited, returnable at next 'meeting,'for £25 worth of maintenance metal for Miller's lane, Newbury road."—Carried. 12\. Cr Watson moved—"That tenders be invited, returnable at next meeting, for .£30 worth of maintenance metal for James's lane, from junction of Newton's lane to Fern Hill railway station, as per allocation.'*—Carried. 13\. Cr Watson moved—" That tenders be invited for £60 worth of maintenance metal tor Trentham township, as per allocation."—Carried. 