WALBUNDR1E. (FBOM A 00BBE8P0NDENT.) A highly successful concert in aid of the Queensland Flood Relief Fund waB held at Wal. bundrie on March 17. About 120 persons were present, and one and all seemed to thoroughly enjoy the amusing programme provided by the Walbundrie Magpie Minstrels. Tbe hall bad been tastefully decorated for the occasion by the Misses Fitzgerald aid Eck, and the stage, which must be specially mentioned, was something beautiful to behold, the mysterious drapes and folds of art muslin being charmingly and cunningly aet off with flags and bunches of ribbons of various colors, tbe who'e constituting a splendid background and contrast to the eable countenances of the "Magpies." Above the centre of the background a large rosette of bright green ribbons appeared, bat whether it was in honor of St. Patrick or the Boss Magpie I have not as yet discovered. These ladies most certainly deserve the highest degree of praise for their untiring labors, and besides the thanks of the committee, which is now tendered them, tbey have the pleasure of knowing that their efforts materially added to the success of the evening. The programms of 14 songswbb ably rendered, the time and harmony of the various choruses being especially well sustained throughout. The Magpies at the end of the " perch" were Messrs. E. Hudson (bones) and and Qainn (tambo), whose brilliant and sparkling chatter kept the audience in a continuous roar of laughter. While announcing the interval of 10 minutes between the minstrels and the farce, the hon. secretary briefly alluded to the object for which the fund was being raised, and thanked the audience for their support, remarking that if they went away lighter in pocket tbey wonld also go away lighter in heart, having the knowledge that they had given practical expression to tbe nobleBt of all human virtue*, namely, sympathy and relief to their fellow creatures in their distress. The last item of tbe programme was then rendered in the laughable farce entitled " Grandmother's Ghost" The costumes and staging were excellent, and to Messrs, Lee, Hudson, and Quiuu is due the credit of making it a roaring success, which was fully demonstrated by the tittering " he-he's of the ladleB and the thundering " haw-haw's " of the gents. That the concert was as great a success financially as it was musically is proved by the result, tbe sum of £10 having been forwarded to the Central Committee in Sydney for transmission to Brisbane. After the concert a very pleasant dance was held under the superintendence of our dancing master, Mr. Cusack, who officiated as M.C. About 25 couples were present, and the same courtesy and geniality was noticeable amongst the dancers as amongst the audience at the concert. The ladies of the township undertook the catering for the supper, tbe abundance and quality of which was appreciated by all at midnight. To Miss Eck (piano) and Mr. E. Qainn (flute) additional praise is doe for volunteering the music, and the dancers expressed their appreciation and gratitude to those two highly-finished musicians by keeping them hard at work till 6.30 a.m, when a pro. gramme of 22 dances and three extras hftd been carried out. Lastly, one end all unite in thanking Mrs. Fitzgerald for her kindness in lending her piano, this being the all-important feature of the entertainment throughout. Only those who are acquainted with this locality can understand the danger attached to lending a valuable instrument, and thus fully appreciate Mrs. Fitzgerald's kindness. Mr. Hugh C. Kiddle acted as hoD. secretary. 