ORIGINAL CORRESPONDECE. THE OAKHAMPTON PUBLIC SCHOOL (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) Sir,—So in the teeth of the unanimous protest of the residents the Minister of Public Instruction declared himself irrevocable in his decision to have the Public School building here removed. It would be indeed hard to defend such a flagrantly needless outlay as this will involve even were the condition of the finances ever so prosperous. But with an almost exhausted Treasury, and a state of affairs demanding all round the most rigid retrenchment, it is nothing short of criminal prodigality. And let it be noted this outrage on economy is being effected under the sanction of a Government so heroically zealous for retrenchment as to make it a reason for denying "gentlemen of the jury" a cup of tea at dinner ! I may state that the attitude of the people here is not so much one of opposition to the removal of the school to the site recently acquired as it is to its being removed at all. No solid reason has been advanced why the building should not remain undisturbed where it is. The site is safe, and it is no reason why it should be regarded as otherwise because the exceptional flood of March last reached it. As I pointed out in a former letter it was never inundated during any of the big floods previous to that, even when the water came down Graham's Creek. And now that a formidable embankment is being erected at the head of that watercourse, the site on which the school stands will be rendered doubly secure. If I am not mistaken I think the protec- tion the embankment would afford to the school was one of the main reasons urged upon the Go- ment in favour of its erection ; and now no sooner is the embankment begun than it is decided to remove the school— Behold this proof of Irish sense -, Here Irish wit is seen, When nothing's left that's worth defence They build a magazine. "Native " wit it would appear prompts us to do things just as richly absurd as the Irish article did the people of Dublin in Swift's time. It is the same old feat, only performed in a sort of inverted style. We build the magazine and then cart the town it was meant to protect off to a place of safety. There is truly something highly diverting in one of the reasons which the Minister in effect states influenced him against deciding the matter favour- ably to the petitioners. He is informed, he says, that fourteen of the names on the petition are those of men who have no children. Well, granted such is the case, what then? Surely the fact of a man happening to be without children should not subject him to the penalty of being debarred from the right of petitioning against what he may honestly believe will involve a flagrant injustice to the public in their condition as taxpayers. But these fourteen men are all young and un- married, and their being childless may be ascribed to a rather unamiable weakness they have for strictly observing the eighth and following com- mandment. Any way, if they can't be held to have that immediate interest in the school which as fathers they might claim, I'm mistaken if they are not entitled to regard themselves as having at least a prospective one, The noted success that has always attended the " olive branch" industry in this locality forbids my having the ghost of a doubt in the matter. Even though pretty well on to the eleventh hour, it is not yet too late for the Minister to revoke his decision, and thus spare this at present ill- affording country such an entirely uncalled-for expenditure. Had our member bestirred himself in time-as his plain duty should have prompted his doing-and approached the Minister personally with the correct presentation of the facts of the case, the blunder of ever deciding to remove the school would in all probability have been averted. But I suppose it would have been too much to expect him to do himself the violence of departing from his usual half-hearted way. Perhaps the energetic member for West Maitland would of his charity take the matter up (though to be candid, from their success I fear his advocacy has been secured by the other side), and by doing so he would certainly earn the I gratitude of his future constituents in this part.— Yours truly, P. A. P. Oakhampton, December 5,1893. 