a. DEAD MAN'S STEP. A NEW AND ORIGINAL NOVEL. [Au. BiesTs Besebved.J FEBST AFFBABANCB IN PKHTT. CH4PTER XLVH.— CCoiiTOroBa,Y ; He had passed another restlasB night, and had been troubled again by the ghostly footsteps. He was very nerroua and unusually talkative : and this morn ing he had no doubt regarding his. night's experience. He had not dreamed it ; it was a ghostly visitation. He had heard his dead father's f ootBteps in his old room, of that he was sure. He told the storr to Brenda when she came to see him, although he had been bo reticent about his first ex perience, and had enjoined upon the doctor the strictest secrecy ; and when Bruce came in, a little before luncheon time, he told it to him. When Sarita was admitted to his room, still later, for Doctor Ware had prohibited a morning visit, and limited that of the afternoon, he told it over again to her, in the presence and hearing of William. By the next morning it sr as .known all through the house that ' Mr. Brook ' had heard uncanny footsteps in his father's room, and that he was almost ' out of his miad ' in consequence 5 and while th«y were discreetly quiet in the presence of their superiors — below stairs the servants discussed -t'ue strange occurrence over and pver. Meantime — as the doctor had predicted — Sarita' s first midnight zamble was followed by a second; and this time, when she went up the stairs leading to the mansard, with half of a fresu candle in the short braes candle-stand, she found the door at the top open. She entered the older attic at once, and after some wandering about — carrying the candle with a firm and steady hand — she approached the door of the inner and newer apartment. At first she tried to open it, but when this failed she put down the candle as before, and after seeming to listen a moment with her ear close to the door, she knocked three knocks, elow and distinct, the same as before. Murtagh, -who had possessed himself of keys enough to unlock all of Beechwood, had arranged this unlocking the first attic door, leaving the inner one secure. ' I don't want to let her into that inner place,' he had said to the doctor, ' until I have examined it again, myself, and can Sarita lingered for some time at the door of the inner attic ; but finally she took up the candle and retraced her steps slowly with lagging and reluctant moment. Af. the foot of the stairs she seemed to waver, and then, as before, she put the candle down upon the steps and went elowly toward the front of tne house. Here, too, the detective had prepared the 'way for her, and set a limit to her move ments. She found _ the door of Mr. Deer ing'a chamber not only unlocked, but eligntly ajar, and she entered readily. They had thought it best not to cause fresh alarm to Brook to-nignt, and so, while the dressing-gown hung over the chair ae before, the slippers had been removed. When the two- watchers, keeping well in fhe'^eM*6t\'JtniB'i'iBleepwalkeri reached the turn which brought them into the main hall, they saw, to their annoyance, that the lamp- which usually burned at about the middle of the ha]J-way was flickering and sputtering, and scarcely eerved to show them the .way through the big, shadowy place 5 but a moment later the chamber, at th« door of which they stood, was dimly illu minated, and they could see from their station outside that Sarita bad lighted one of the burners in the dressing-room in etead of those in the chamber, and that, leaving this burning low, she was again in the outer room and before the fire-place. As on the previous night, she lifted the dressing-gown and thrust her arms iato the sleeves, drawing it about her so closely that the loosely scattered roses on the pale grouad tint seemed to stand out like dark spots upon a moonlit surface, and then os.ee again she seated herself in the great easy-chair. And now, as they stood close to the Wall on either side of the chamber door, a sound from below caused them to start and simultaneously glide across the thres hold, where they stand pressed against the wall and intently listening. The sound comes from that part of the wide hall where Brenda's rooms are situated, and it sounds ominously like the creak of a door opened quickly. There is silence for a moment, and then they hear another sound, and know it to be the soft trailing of a woman's dress across the hall floor. Into the mind of each the same thought comes j someone — Brenda or Valentine, or perhaps one of their maids, has opened a door, and has discovered the sputtering and dying hall lamp. No doubt the person is about to extinguish it altogether. Brenda's rooms are not far down the hall, and on the same side as is that of Mr. Deering, and almost opposite her door is Valentine's. Murtagh hopes that it may chance to be Valentine, who is now so near them, and both men wish ar dently that, whoever it is, the person will not pass bejond the lamp in the direction of the front. The light from the dressing room sheds dim rays across the chamber, and almost to the place where they stand, and Sarita sits before the cold grate as moveless as themselves. If she will but remain thus, until the person in the hall has extinguished the light and retired — if she does retire. Meantime, in the hall, a little below the open door, Brenda Peering stands looking up at the lamp, which is almost out of her I reach ; she has scented, through the open 1 transom above her door, the fumes of the I exhausted and smoking lamp, to which the I two watchers, in their interest in Sarita'* I movements, had not given a thought; I and, perfect house mistress that she is, I with a thought to the health and comfort' I of all her household, she has ventured out 5 ? she has crossed the hall -without once 8 glancing about her, and she now raises ? herself .upon the tips of her toes, and lifts ? her arm to the burner overhead. Then I something tempts her to glance about her, ? before putting the place, and herself , into ? darkness. I All along the hall is the same dim quiet ; all the doors are closed, and 'each, in its deep sat casing, throws up a dark shadow, — all? — she lets her arm drop at her side, and lowers her heels to the floor.- What ails her vision? Why should that one place— the place whez» her-insband'a door should stand— in the earns depth of shadow as stand the others— why should she seem to see there a luminous bar not of light, but of something Jobs dark and dense than the shadows below and above it? Was it a reflection P She looks about her, and takes a few steps forward, ancLthjsn she draws herself suddenly erect, aud?J*«r eyes light up with indignation. ' -' ?-£-?,£ Brenda Deering, with her fine nervei'aficl sensible training, never thinks of any^lfmg uneanny in what she Bees, for now ^fre knows that her dead husband's room is open ; that the weird light comes from within. And she glides quickly forward, her heart throbbing angrily at the thought that someone, doubtless of her own house hold, is prying, desecrating1 her dead hus band's own — the place she has kept as sacredly as it had been in his life. With lipB parted, and quivering, but not with fear, she creeps noiselessly up to the door way and stands upon the threshold. She doeB not see the dark forms on either side, and very near her ; all that she realises is that the room is filled with gray, dusky light— she cannot see the source from where she stands — and that — sitting before the fire-place, iimly outlined, but just as she hau ofte; seen, him, with one arm- — olad in tiie iOde-atrewn,_go5rn-rr-and sup porting his bent head- — and -with the. other outstretched -along the arm of the chair- — ah, the familiar attitude !- — sitting thus is — Lysander Deering — or his ghost. It lasted but an instant, that thrill of horror, which in another less fine and strong 'would have ended in a terrified shriek, that would have aroused every sleeper under that roof j and then with a low moan Brenda Deering swayed, drooped, and would have fallen, but for the ready arms that caught and held her, close and tenderly. ' Quick — ths candle !' Felix Ware is bearing down the corridor, with, quick, noiseless strides a»d palpitating heart, a burden he would gladly hold and keep ; and Murtagh, with one swift backward glance at the figure in the chair, goes, with his -fleetest, stillest step to the place where the candle still burns feebly upon the stairs. By the faint light from the open win dows, Ware can see a wide couch opposite the door, and there, slawly, gently, and most reluctantly, he lays her down ; and when Murtagh appears with the candle he is kneeling beside her: 'Put it down,' he says quickly, 'she will soon revive ; go back after her.' And Murtagh goes back to the somnambulist. In the dim light the doctor kneels, his fingers upon the slender wrist, marking the reviving pulse beats ; there is a soft breeze blowing in through an open window ;' in a moment those lovely eyes will unolose, and then — he stoops until his head is close above her own, and one word 'escapes his lipe in a hushed whisper 5 as if in response to it, the whits lids are lifted, their eyes meet, and, for one short second, thers is no veil between the souls looting out of those windows. Then the brown eyes droop, and a soft color steals over the paleness of her cheeks. ? '?' Do not speak nor star,-' Mrs. Deering,' he says softly ; ' I can explain every thing ; you have seen, a sleepwalker, that is all !' It is well that ther axe alone at that mo ment ; for the tenderness that he must not, dare not, put into words, speaks in hie voice, making words superfluous ; and, for a moment, Brenda Deering is glad to lie with closed eyes, and let the strange, new sensation of rest and reassurance encom pass and comfort her. She doeB not under stand it, and does not seek to ; and when, a moment later, he gently puts down the wrist, in which the pulse is grow ing stronger, and rising, asks, still with that lingering cadence so strangely comforting : ' May I ring for your maid ? ' She points mutely to the bell, which con nects with Judith's room. The maid comes promptly, and the doctor, having made a brief explanation, and promised to return with ' Mr. Holly ' as soon as she has recovered a little and regained her calmness, goes in search of the other parties to this midnight episode, feeling somewhat anxious and uncertain as to the outcome. As he steps cautiously out into the hall a low 'hist' greets him, and he stops short. Not six feet away from him Mur tagh stands flattened against the wall, and just outside the door of Mr. Deering's room Sarita stands in the attitude of one listening. For a little they stand so still, all three, that he can hear the ticking of his watch, then the woman -waves her hand, as if in gesture to some one beyond her, stands a few moments as before, moves aside, as if to allow someone to pass, looks back, or seems to, as if at someone entering the room, and finally comes gliding toward the two watchers ; Bhe pauses at the tnrn in the hall, looks back, and then goes on, faster now* and — though the hall here is almost shrouded in darkness — with steps as sure aB they are silent. ' This time, as before, she ignores the candle, which has been restored to its place upon the stairway, and enters her room, leaving the door wide open as before, and lying down at once. As before,' the doctor places the candle beside the bed, and closes the door. . Then the , two men consult in low whispers. ' What did you tell .her P' Murtagh be gins.-- - ' The troth, of course. That it was a sleep-walker, nothing mor*. Bat there must be an explanation.' 'Will you make it? We have about reached a point where I must tell her of some of. our .discoveries. I can't go on until I do. ~ But— it's too soon — a little ; who is with, her 9' ' Her maid,' . 'The dark woman ? Wall, she is as as trusty as steel ! You can tell the story from the physician's point of view, and no fear of ths maid.' He turned' away, then— ''You might just say, for her benefit — I mean the lady's maid — the lady, will understand it — that I was disturbed by the noise, ox that we were mutually aroused——*' (SO BB COHHtfOTO.) 