l'Ol'l'V LAJSD. AH IT WAS AND AS IT 13. rim HAT a fool you were ever to let » human being into the fcorct of \ our beloved Cromer. Why could you not let it alone? Why on earth did you no* keep it to yourself?' Theso nre the jeering nnd taunting remarks that nre hurled every summer at my offending houl. Instead of being a benefactor to tho huniMi race, instead of being allowed to pride myself on iny own unselfishness, I am, I regret to say, looked upon as a tuinlcd or -suspected person. ' Look here, old fellow, I have a delightful little place of my qwn down in the country,' observed 11 friend the other day, 'and 1 should liko to ask you down very much to stay with mo as long as you like, but — well— will you premise me on - - your oath you will not write nbout it? for, honestly, I do want to keep it to myself, and to givo tlie slip to tlio tripper.' Quite ten long years ago I first made theacquuinraiicu of Cromer, nnd it was then the quietest und, I believe, tho most romantic seaside nook in England. It had no great hotels, no piers, no bathing machines, und no bunds. Sands were good enough for us then : our bathing machines were the clefts iu the cliffs, our music camo from wandering musicians. I walked out before dinner, and saw the sun sink Ronton wny a solitary pilgrim. If ever wakeful at thj-eo o'clock in the morning, I could have seen the sun rise over by the Lighthouse Cliff, standing on the turf limb- I suggested— entirely to myself— would be admirable for golf. The green landscaiie was not then starred with red-brick villas. The poppies had it all their own way. One morning, I wandered aimlessly over this soft, turfy cliff, and found myself in the most rnmnntic of Norfolk villuges. I leaned over a white gate, nnd looked enviously into a rose garden. I broke one of the Commandments. I envied my neighbour's house, and he, tho miller of Sideslrnud, repaid my ingratitude by making 111c his frioiul for life. And hero I dwelt, under the shadow of the old mill, and here 1 discovered the Garden of Sleep, and here 1 became acquainted with the fishermen and the villagers, and here I 'have lived on and off, spring, summer, autumn, und winter, up to this very hour. For I am writing these lines in the very loom, nt the snme table, und sitting on the same chair, as when, in that rash but generous moment, I despatched the first of the ' Poppylautl Papers ' to the Daily Tth'jrti ph , nnd sug gested there were joys to be found ill sum mer holidays outside fashion, and dress, aud promenade, nnd society, at the seaside. But there are other sinners besides myself. It is nob fair to make me alone bear the burden of t his crime of publicity. Scarcely was the ink dry tlmt printed ' I'oppyland,' ill the largest eiiculation in tho world, ere George It. Simms arrived to advertise tlie glories of the Cromer district in his 'Dagonet' column in the world known Htfcrte. Here, nt tho table whero I write, sitting in my chuir, and dipping his poo into the inkstand presented to me. one Christmns by tlio villagers of Suleslrand, the excellent ' Dagonet' exchanged sentiment for his own delightful humour. He laughed, ho chaffed, and made the place notorious. He drove tlie predecessor of 'Faust ' about the Norfolk lanes, and lost his way at nightfall. But the genial Sims loves good company. He opened the stage door and lit the theatre atPoppylnnd. Hero he hroughb Wilson Barrett to write plays ; here lie conducted poor Robert Reece to breathe somo fresh nir once more when lie was in extrtiiiii ; here came Henry l'ettitt to collaborate with George Siuuns in the old mill garden. Tlio profession, onco tempted, poured into Poppylnnd. lteerbolun Tree dreamed of - Hamlet in the Old Mill House, and actually _ . studied the Prince of Denmark in a secluded arbour at 'Xorthrepps.' George Alexander is well known at Runton and Sherringhain. Hetiunnn Vezin loves to bathe off Over strand beach. Ah ! me, but I forget. This old table at which 'I writo is far mora famous than any of you imagine Here, Algernon Charles Swinburne wrote ?' A Midsummer Holiday,' whilst his friend, Theodore Watts, cnnqiosed sonnets in the blue china dining-room. Plays, poems, essays, stories, lenders, descriptivo pa|iers, have all been written in this sunny ; little room, dear to me by manyu delightful memory. And it is ten years ngo silica . Louie opened the white gate to me, anil said that the traveller might rest. Only two ? seconds a^G the faithful Louie opened the door to jusb such uuother traveller, and assured hiin that there was not a bed to be had ior love or money between Slinrriiighair und Mundesley. Well, what do you think ! They have built a Grand Hotel, aud are designing a new and splendid Pier that is to havo kiosques and shops, aud a I lieatre and danc ing platform at tiie end. Thereure bands of music all over the place. There are as mnny doiikey.-anddniikey-chai.-esat.modernCroiuor as at Scarborough. The primitive little Cromer of old is fringed lound with scarlet-' houses. Poets, like Mr. Sampson-lacker,' and ]»litioiaiis, such as Mr. liroadliurst, Mr. Cyril Flov.er, anil Mr. John Morley, make Poppylnnd their homo. Tho golf links that I dreamed about 011 the Light house Cliff nre an accomplished fact. The sands swat in with tents nnd tennis-nets. Overstrain!, that was onco a hamlet, of humble fishermen's cottages is a red town let of bungalows and villas. The silent lanes, trodden so few years ago alone by tho husbandman, fisher, and postman echo with the shouts of excursionists nnd holiday makers. Omnibuses, i7kiiwi-/«im-v», waggon ettes, donkey-elmises, go in o:io continual stream all day between Cromer arid Trim inghaui. ' The old mill opposite ' my cottage litis 'dropped its armsin horror nt tlio ehango. It lias tumbled down and given up the ghost. The Garden of Sleep has been so trampled upon by visitors tlmt ib has . fallen half-down into tho sea. From morning until night excursionists gn/.e into our rose garden, lean over my white gnte, aud babble continuously, ' I'oppyland ! Poppylnnd !'' Nay, tlicy do more- they enter laughingly, anil ?.leinaud reliosof Dagonet, Swinburne, l'ettitt, lteer bolun Tree, ami Wilson Barrett. , '.Cliey offer bribes for Swinburne's slick aud Dagonet's pipe. Thoy have I ice a uiii.-.va — enthusiast le ladies these— toaskif tiie/uiglib sit, in tho chair of the author of ' I'oppy land Papers,' nnd 10 handle li':s p -n. V'votty dears! So, afterall, was it wholly' wrong lo open tn thu world the gate* that lj I to I'oppyland ? Soma one else 111 :sl decide that question. May tiioy all be ??- happy there as I have beon. Oso (Jrjtiat ! — Clemen*. Scott in 'fits Idler. 