€ m m b & Cool. Dust. Wind. Change. Woelul. Pitiless. Auction. PleaBant. Mournful. Washdirt. Homeless. Drownings. Exploration. Vermin fenoes. Sea of troableB. Acts of bravery. Waters reoeding. Industrial teaching. "Visitation of God." Fighting the rabbits. " A city of the dead." Sale of pastoral leases. Railway revenue better. Chapter of misfortunes. Gas Companies crowing, Man was made to mourn. Elder Exploration oh art a. Obit.—Captain A. Osborn. A well-selected Commission. South Brisbane in desolation. The Murray ii falling rapidly. Queen slanders on their mettle. Salubrious climate at Eohunga. City Fathers slumming to-day. Cholera epidemio at Marseilles. No loafing at Kangarilla to-day. Hopes high at the new goldtield. About 200 del vers at Kangarilla. Adelaide wants a City Valuator. Barometer at noon to-day, 29-71. Three more earthquakes at Zaute. Well-known names immortalized. Port footballers will meet to-night. No fears of a flood in South Australia, Queensland in the throes of adversity. Hundreds of houses washed out to sea. A superfluity of surnames on that map. The State is a moat indulgent landlord. No insurance against damage by water. "School of Mines"—rather a misnomer. The three Emperors rubbing noses again. The hand of the poor is the poise of God. Working men J.tVs asked for in Gawler. That tremendous flood oouldn'c be foreseen. We are easily pereuaded of what pleases us. Many men. women, and children engulfed. Heavy indictment against the Land Act of 1890. Sir Thomas Elder still writes a bold firm hand. Leo Pater is very savage since the cubs Forty thousand square mita of countiy on offer. No disposition to invest in squatting properties. Our first federal garrison buckling on its armour. Water conservation the great need of the interior. Hood-level 9} ft higher than any previously recorded. Mr. McTageart a true friend of the honest labourer. No one foretold this flood, and no ark was in readiness. Stores Commission taking a trip to Victoria next week. What a lot of new public works Queensland will want. , Thomas Dawning won't get another chance " of eaoape. Some will have none of the Bible without «xplaBation. British trade falling Off in the figures owing to low prices. Anewohums' Australian exploring expedition mooted. The Elder Expedition accomplished a good deal after all. We may well stand in awe before so great a natural calamity. Archbishop Reynolds oan't accept the Irish Soripture lessons. Gold-digging at Kangarilla good for the health, at any cate. The lioness at the Zoo getting on nicely, cubs going on well. None of oui weather prophets are able to hold a candle to Noah. Don't run up the prioes and trust to getting concessions by and by. Some of those ' native names are very musical, Mr. Lindsay. The Lindsay camelcade did more than discover a spinefex beetle. The students of the Sohool of Mines and Industries for 189& totalled 620. A well-known Port identity has pissed away in the late Mr. Joseph Hains. Electric lighting having a few ups and downs—mostly downs—just now. IpBwioh was three-fonrths under water, and a number of persons were drowned. The Brisbane River is a noble stream in which the largest steamers can swing. The Archbishop's views on Bible reading in the schools have undergone DO change. Sun rose at 5.30 a.m.; sets at 6.-58 p.n. Moon sets at 1*5 a.m.; cues at 11.21 p.m. Our Jewish friends discredit the report or n invasion of Australia fay destitute Hebrews. Will the Mayor of-Adelaide open a Relief und for the sufferers from the Queensland lood? Mr. McTaggart allowed the field to be hrown open without the neoessary six months' otioe. Lastnight but one of "Uncles and Aunts." Ministering Children's League annual sa'e his afternoon. Norwood's Mayor provided those buns and emonade for the youngsters at the Smith emonstration. Singular if the ofaief .blank in extra-tropical outh Australia should be mapped out by aa nglish party. Hlilinna, Yeeluginna, and Yarrow are moiwdodions than Point Pater, Mount Agnes, Mount Mann. The dome of the Palais de Justice in Brussels s constructed of papier-mache, and weighs about sixteen tons. The State has in a more or less perfunctory way committed itself to the policy of erecting rabbit-proof fenoes. "Henry is a great head worker/' said the fond mother. "He won several prim at College for sculling." Old Growler says:—"If the Devil's Owns run tbe show tbe Federal Bank will not be liquidated this century." The secret of suoosss in battle consists of acting with superior force at decisive points. This applies to politics as wslL "The Geiman clerk is wbat the London employer is now swearing by. and what theyoung Englifhp"" 1 swears most at." Those who despise fame seldom deserve it. It is a spark which kindles upon the best fuel, and bums brightest in the bravest breast. It is fslae Ahafe equality is a natural law. Nature has made nothing equal Its sovereim law is subordination and dependence. There exists in die economy and course of nature an indissoluble union between virtue and happiness, between doty and advantage. Tennyson's grave in Westminster Abbey continues to be visited by hundreds of persons, ome of whom lay wreaths of flowers on tbe- P C ?be peculiar difficulties which the fcoilersof the hills bave to face are fraught with an interest which is not confined to any one section of tbe people. " Never before in the history of our country - has there been expressed by the clasees such a- desire to ad j ust grievances, to reconcile parties, and to work for the common weal as to- day."— Rev. G. E. Rowe. 'VBRSAUKS.—During the fifteenth century when the seeds of the Reformation aliat the " great schism" Bownby Wickliffe and HUBS were beginning to germinate; a Church Conn- . cil was held at Ferrara to rattle the disputes; that had arisen re the use of unleavened bread in tbe communion, the nature of purgatory, tbe supremacy of tbe Pope, and the coming of the Holy Ghost. And tbe Emperor John Palreoloeus, who attended this Synod, made his triumphal entry at Venioa, February s, 1438, and thisis Gibbon's • description of .the affair :—"Hesailed in the Buoentaur, which was accompanied by twelve stately gajleyBjUie sea was overepread with i^umerablegoudolas of pomp and pip-in* the ""eso^ndsd with music and and even the jewels were dressedl»n«lltMrt. and in all the Can esgleewere St. Mark. TOe|«o^MSMendedtt|grert canal, psssed nnder the bridge of tbe sad tbe eastern strangers tion on the palaces, t^ Cmurohas,: and »e popnlousness of a city that seemed w Boa* <Mthe bosom of the waves." 