THE REI'.J) i:` At LLN'"ON .?; :: ;DREAMS.. o ; Following, is, a .lecture. delivcred ly .the Rev. J. Allen at ia mdeting of the1 ,BenallaIemperaincc. dSocil Union, Slihe: theoriesltiiar:haihveibeen ptitr forward;,seekiig to. arrive>at i: isatisfac-, tory explanation of dreams; may be 're diced totfito:gredatdivisiobnsi;' which ice will denonliiniate s the scientific and the supernatural.;. WoiWill takd each of thes iun order: Germs of the scieneifiel explanation :exist in' the writi??s of Democrithus Plaito ristotle 'r.d Cicero. Aristotle defines-a dreain as the phiai' tasid arising frbim the motion ,of sen.' sibl perceptions, when "it" presents. itselfr'to hiiii wlo is aslees. ;-Tihe questionhas- been very muchi debaled Does d roa isigrd?ca?- u 7 soundi sleep? dome sauthorittes: say 1 yes :Iw(vhena,isperonlis?soundlyl asleepd he dqes not drea-n. ?l?ocke upholds thisop'iiiion id in: reilisto the .6bjec etins-es forgets-it, he rnre?arks thst it is" .rtl 'to.let ?"coi?iivedhat.?t'tlie; sotl shdoulldr one- moment ;bhe busy tliii? ;ifng,'tih' nltixtflie unable,to re-a nember a'nything ori liit has paissed. 3ierjis. again sulpport the negitivo side c of the question. r This question leads I us to another, vie-the ca'sess-or con- s ditionis of dreams. .21li?irobabilities of s time and space.leave us andj twe con- e verse- withlthe-dead and ivith distant frien?ds n ,though they, wvereh present:l t] with .u* How- t.heni this ? 'TIie d e;plaiatin oubtless is that' the t, inaginatinis, 'ctive and the ,memory. inD ai stateg,;of. recepIfvity" thoiughl the will h?' somsewhat retiined its hold ,on thei faculties.U Owingto this whey' sisce ofth?,e hisll we?lose powerto judg6' of the duration of.time; that what seems a ?ery long dfire?si onl occupied in reality n, few miLtte s.I The ground work of dreams is very often suggested by-exteri~ 'l' dircumsstances. It is on record /'tliat'·'iiary, ? .-withls as view a f of-testiilg- this, got his assistant to t ticklel'hislips t?tiheni 'sleep, and he dreamt- that a '.pitch plaster was- a spplieid3to'his fceriandd thenr.violently p torn-off.- Probably the worst form of v dreiininiig'i thlit'.lfiown las ,',castle- s building;" "vool-gathering,"' or reverie, and it 'resultsronm' the 'mind abandon- 1 tng itself to' the various imaginations e that flit th~roghg litrB. B)y indulging in this. dissipation, "tlhe mind becomes enervated, and acquires habits of pleas- I ing idleness. -£Turning..our .attentibn to t the supernatural origin of dreams, we find thai tie e'larbariani:regardsdhis scul, as his image or phantomi'.vliich canti leave' d iis ,body during'. silei, and see 'od be seen ly the plhantosms of certain t ofr ;his ;dreaming - neighbors.'.. When c death ensues, the lphantlodid otes not return tovthe bodytat._ll. Take the 1 follol;ing instances of very many that might be adduced of this :-The Zulus lffirm that wliein i"s ersoni" dies I his spirit le'aves his iody' il nd becotfies'an'` 'ncestral ghost; aind-' tlie sisoni:!whb' reaims' of his decetsed-ipa'rent'relates,' on awaking from sleep;,tl;at the ghosts of liis fatlier aiid himself :ient ,i'way'oin anexpeditioni togetheir 'The tlalays lave hanoljection to wakingl a perison, oil the grbund that they might injure or disturb his body. .-The Greeks had an dildea siil.s"iro the notion of the Zulus; j?stgi'i r?fired to, as ththose who are acquainted with tihe Iliad will know. Many of the lower' races hold those ideas,?aridextend-them to.nnimals and, weapons, hence the'custom of burying bows and arrows and spears, and slaugh teriisg horses at the:"raves of the dead. WeR miust iToiiwcoihsider that phase of Idrehiiing'whiili'i'se!t the? greatest inlter st'. forus, -aid tlisir?hewide-spread impression tli'ht dreai ?are.a vehlicle of 2communication% sith ti espirit world I shall, ende'avbortorit?it the matter fairly, _aid leave 'you to judge fort yourselves. MMany dreams which are ,regarded as, supernatural. really ,come sunder `th'e category .oft. coincilences. Take a hypothetical case as an exeample of this. A person dreanms tliat."a-fri bid ?if is'i dead:. Now death is- a inatter which people, often direain -about. It is a: thing. of such con~iioni'occurrenice, iid such s?lern inimprt?;,thiii'?t frirequeitly forms .?.tie ,!oiidwdrl?iof"dredms. Once, .,oisever, iih i't'i.nperieilce of, that personi, thedre'm':i:s,-followvedl by thei reality.. . he" friend doees:.die. But is there sufficieni t eviidece for the? conclusion th'st thel drel? if iis"quiestion't was a designed premonition ? I cer tainly tfink ihot, for -do nt: we::often. dream of our frieinds dyisng? ?'and yeti in how few instances the dreaniis' fulfilled.; T'he matiter thenis!. explaiillible t1y '?hde the law of chance:"~' hat chance itself is subject to 'lh, is? conceded"', By" mhking atii h exitdrd eseriesof dobdbserva tions -to borrow ain 'illu strtiion -othe way s in s~jicl a ^coini aliglht', that:hns sequences, it would .:e foutid, I have no douprtiaty;, ant th! at ?a"yt :re regard as p emnonitions aresiosply coincidences.8 On the :otherhnid,;.isome 7people i;ave. dreiamid'adrirsis/i shsremarkaife saod: cireiniisniti'sl sad h?lii? i-ere followedd - so closelytby correpondipg.evebnts thlat it "eems incongruo s tto clithem as' Scoimcidences. t One Iyp?tlsi'sis i"s thlst sonie nisiitrs are o peculiarly consti:. tuited that' aI il Itf raiciiioeal impres- s'ionableness ests ? is l cvien itheii' 'l;et us suppose A.and.I to be thus., coi stituted, nd that A Ihas something.. of importance which hewishes to comnutmfi inicate to Bl. ,B happens to b -ci' ri pport withlsA at that.plirticular, time, and thouhli sepArated fronm binm, Iya dlifg.diistance 'li doesi:od receiethe in telligence through an ellirt of A's will,' This is,'I thin, the hypothesis, worktd; I with for ?,acou?ttii?g for drolins ii;n plychologicil grounds:"' Anothe: r idea respecting dreams is tlih't.tlhey are inipressions 'mlirthetiloitsly ':made1 di lo m'ian's inind during sleop.-- Oil tlis I ?sah ohffer i'oiinton- but rill "concliide \- .- : " '. , - - 7?'": -, - ? Lgt ypical- example= oItis kind of dreamy tIffis regarded as au thentic that :" Mr D -, of. Oum iberland, wheia · houth, came to Edin burgh, for. the purpose of attending college, and wtis placed under the care of his uncle aiid ,aunt. Major and Mrs Grifliths residel iii the castle. When the Line weather cae, the young man was r in the habit of-?tinkisd?.frequent excurA sions witls others of his own age. and pursuits.; -nd one afle'rnoon' he? maoi. "tinedl that tliey?lad' formed a 'fishing party, andi had. bespoken a: bout for the. ensuing day: - No objections were made i this plan;'but in th:iniddle of the night Mrs Griffiths screamiied out, ' Ilie boat is sinking I olh, save .theisI'· Herr husband saiddhe supposed shle had beien thinking of the fisuhitig 'parity,'; but 'she declared sho h'a'd never tho'uglht abeut it at all, !and~ibo.' fell",a:lce'p again. lbut'ere' long she, eaoke i sccond';time";' :crying out liat she' s.-'iithe boat 'sink niing.! ' It must Iave l n the- relai?iis pf'tlueiinpression niade by th? othef idream,' she -lsggested to ihier 'isband, d. I have.i np., 1netsiness.wihatever, aboust th Cisliingpary:;'.ibut?nlgoing to sleep once more, her: husband ?as again distirliA.t by'her~riesii ':.They are gone I' slie saild, ' thlidboat thas sunk I' Site nowi relly 'becaire salarmid, and without -waitm fo?tmorningigslhe threw: ' on ler dressing-govn ad went i to. Mro 1)-- , ho was, 'still? in bed, asid' -whom whith :much, dilitctilty he eper suaded t?o: !'relinquishh! his, ?proposed' excursion! ,,He- consequentlyi senti his' servant• to Leith with an ;excuse;'an d the party'einbiarlecd without hitime- Tliue day was exti'iiel; fi'hhei h"b"theyiput to sea ; but 'somne' lihoursafterwards: a storm ardse,-in. whicha tle ,boat.found' 'red; nor did 'aniy o'bnef the nunimber' survive to tell the tale..',-?,o" - , ' :, 4 .. . _ i,, ?, , . .. 