SAT U HD AY, SEPTIüMBEIi 23, 1893. It is not long since we precdcted that a society for the study of Yog Vidya would soon be established in our midst Prnarnly, indeed, Yog VIdya is occult science as comprehended by Indian Theosophists, but there can be little objection to employing that euphonious expression as the equivalent of spooks in general Our prediction has been verified The visit of Colonel Olcott and tho appearance of "Mi STEAD'S Borderland have evidently awakened this community to an intelligent curiosity concerning things spookical The result has been the foundation during the present week of a Victorian Society for Psychical Research that society will investigate in a scientific spirit all alleged phenomena connected with such dubiosities as spiritualism and hypnotism. It will turn a critical eye on clairvoyant, clairaudience, tele- pathy, and thought-reading. It will put astral bodies to a searching test and turn tho intellectual bulls- eye on tho " subconscious self." And, if it performs these functions in tho spirit and with tho method indi- cated by Professor LAURIE, we see no reason why its proceedings should be attended with tho ridicule which that gentleman anticipates. Ridicule be- longs to the ridiculous, and there is nothing inherently ridiculous in tho soberly scientific examination of matters concerning which large bodies of men and women are every day either de- menting or enlightening themselves. Tho risible associations deservedly con- nected hitherto with most of tho phenomena of " spooks " may perhaps " sit like a little ghost upon tho " threshold of the enterprise " of Pro- fessor LAURIE and his colleagues, but the little ghost will be instantly exor cised if the society acts up to its ideal character. The alm0st universal desire to believe in a spirit existence after death, com- bined with an equally widespread desire to see and to perform marvels, has been the source of much hysterical credulity and much deliberate fraud. Persian fravashis, Indian pitris, Roman manes, mediæval and modern ghosts belong, it is true, to the category of mere super stition. But Egyptian priest-miracles, Chaldean magic, Neo-platonic theurgism, Rosicrucian mumbo-jumbo, Dr. BLADE'S spiritualism, and Madame BLAVATSKY'S Mahatmic feats are somewhat more complicated. They represent credulity catered for by sheer deception. But, unhappily, exposure of deception in ninety and nine cases may leave tho hundredth instance still unexplained, and, so long as there remains one solitary peg of a specious phenomenon on which to hang a tenacious faith, tho believer is not to be detached from his beloved folly. Hence comes much of the ridicule which Professor LAURIE fore sees, and with which ho no doubt fools a certain sympathy. Nor is it merely tho fact of humbug perpetually exposed in the past which creates derision. The methods of theosophists, spiritual- ists, and their like in the present are characterised by so remarkable a lack of frankness and above-board directness that suspicion is inevitable. The incapacity of media to operate in broad daylight and to speak in plain language is a stumbling-block even to tho faithful. Mahatmas are obliged to have their local habitation in Thibet, whither no one can be expected to go in search of them, and levitation appears to be possible only in a light dim enough to be called darkness. It is little wonder that tho unbeliever should scoff. Nor are the utter imbecility and uselessness of the current spiritual mani festations calculated to remove the smile of tho smiler. Rapping and jumping of tables and performances with the plan- chette seem about as far-fetched and meaningless as they are undignified. Add to those considerations tho moral culture and intellectual and moral character of tho spookie votary, and tho prima facie case for ridicule is overwhelming The habitue of the séance is mostly a chronic faddist, with a notorious incapacity for weighing and sifting evidence and with such an absence of logical ballast as to render him liable to capsize with any now wave of foolishness, while the practical adept, who finds money, amusement, 0r influence in spooks, is perhaps the least ridiculous item in the cataloguee. Yet, though this is our own opinion as to surface appearances, we quite agreo that there is room, and even occa sion, for a society which shall make re search into all available data. The object of scientific inquiry is to discover new facts, or, at least, to make the world all tho healthier by exposing old errors. There is all conceivable differi ence between a dark room full of believers or persons yearning to believe and a mixed body of critical investiga tors Whether the work of tho investi gators turns out to be merely destruc tive of illusions or whether it results in positive discovery of natural laws and principles, it will be equally accept able to honest and balanced minds. At present tho psychical legions are too much the "happy hunting-grounds ' of two classes of undesirables—tho im poster and the illusionist. But in a generation of electrical and other marvels, a generation which dabbles in science, tho charlatan in psychics may become exceedingly dangerous He may invent an impressive pseudo scientific terminology of words like psychosphere and pseudosoma and astral plane. He may point to un doubted phenomena of mesmerism, then to those of galvanism, and argue these into a plausible show of relevance to anything he chooses. And as this means a consequent prosely tising of many ignorant or illogical minds, it is as well that men of science or other well wishers of society should act as intellectual police and throw a stream of light into these dark corners. At tho same time it is quite possible that there really are other undiscovered forces walking in nature around us, which may eventually prove either to be psychic or to have as little to do with spooks as have tho law of gravity and magnetic attraction. Tho personal basis of tho Victorian Society of Psychical Research is as it should be. The sceptical, the convinced, and the undecided are to be blended. There will be pleaders on both sides and an audience. We may be assured that not a grain of either positive or negative evidence will be allowed to pass unconsidered. Those who only want to believe will be counterbalanced by those who only wont to disbelieve, and each will appeal to those others who have not made up their minds. And this, wo repeat, is an excellent constitution for the society, if only it bo maintained. Yet we venture to express a fear, even at this early date, lest tho more regular, more numerous, and more loud of the workers will be those whoso hearts are set on proving spooks through thick and thin, rather than those whose mere intellects are engaged in examining them. Little good is likely to come of tho association if in a single instance it relaxes its proposed stringency of method in sift- ing evidence. If this fear be baseless, there can be but one other question left. It is tho question of competence Tho ways of spooks are manifestly so devious, their interrelations so compli- cated, their objective appearances so hazy, and their apprehension sub- jectively so open to criticism, that a competent body of research would need to include skilful psycho- logists, mental pathologists, and physicists at least. To these should be added men with a sound practical knowledge if legerdemain and acrobatic tricks; and if an adept at cross- examin- ing were also forthcoming the society would be none tho worse. We shall wait with interest to observe tho out come of this resolute-looking attempt to peep beneath the veil of Isis. Tliroo distinguished American journal- ists, two of Hum being themsolvos' editors of great New York dailies, havo just beon\ discussing in the Forum the character and trend of American journalism. And tho dis- cussion is highly interesting not only to tho philosopher, wh? beliovos that 'the broad shoot of a great journal is a roflox of tho nationaLj-haraoter, but to " tho man in tho streot," who is curious to know nil tho forces, personal and financial, which go to tho evolution of that final product of modern civilisation, a big newspaper. These American exports, apparently without intending it, givo a somewhat snioko- colourtd picture of tho motal and literary visage which a prosperous American journal of tho present day wears. 'Hie journalist's vocation in America has, apparently almost every curso a human vocation could well know. It is uncortoin in tho highest degree ; it usos up and casts aside its votary be foro life is half spent. The journalist is n slave to tlie capricos of a big news- paper proprietor. Ho is sent on tasks which would try tho self-respoct of a Parisian mouchard, and has alterna- tions of fortuijo which would oppenr oxtromo if found in tho pages of tho Arabian Ni'jht* Bnlertainmcnli. A reporter, says Mr. J. W. l_iaw:it, tlio editor of the New York Jlecwder, may bo despatched "to interview tho ser " vants of a household with regard to " tho domestic differences of their " master and mistress ;" if ho should succeod with the servants, '' his ne \t " assignment may be to play the spy " on .onie lady or gentleman." Thus ho will climb by degrees to "the " proud position of a ' sneak ' reporter." Amongst his lighter social duties is included that of "assisting" at a ban- quet on an invitation sent to his news- paper from behind a screen, wheielmis carefully placed out of sight, while tlio guests propor regalo themselves at the table. Alter a career alternating be- twixt such excitements ho will end ns " one of thoso grey ghosts that haunt " Newspaper How, asking for work " which is seldom given, begging a " little money from this friend or tliat, " and dying, at last, so poor that decent " burial is vouchsafed only thtough the " meairro charity of tlio Press Club." As nu o\amplo of the suddon alterna tions of employment in Amencan join nalism Jeir Ki LLI it tellsastoryof tho city editor of a groat Now York elad.,, v,lia " w is famous thioughoul the vvoild of " jouiuihsm as tho greatest news con " demoi of his tuno " Ile committed the indiscietion of censing to bo voting, and was poiumptorily cast adrift, and had lo subsist on casual work as a ícpoileí Ho was despatched lo look up fiomo petty cunio on tho river oin lonny night, and was found dead amid tho floa'nig ice 'Uns, says Mi ki-LU it, " is but one of u long list of ' similar tragedies" Agtcat "menean «lally, appaiontlv, has about as much bow els is a cotton jinny 'lho most significant feature of Aincucnn journalism, howovoi, is the di ift clearly visible m it towaids a quite now liteiaiy tyno Onogreat philantlno pist in Hilo bequeathed a legnci to the Philadelphia Libiaiy on eonditiou that no part of it was ever spent in the puichnso of nowspnpors. journals he dockrell, being mero " teachers of "disconnectedthinking" A fovv months ago, hovievoi, another philanthropist lolt r)0,000dol to tho Loston Public Libiaiy on condition that the whole income of his gift should bodovoted to tho purclnso of newspapers, theso being, he hold, the most nutations i omi of hleialuio extant 'these tno facts would seem to show( tlint loiunalisin m America dilling tho Inst linlf ccnluiy has niidergono a moat lunoucinl change iii Gi i MIMI Si LI n, hovvovei, hunt elf a .oui nahst of tho lnirhesl standing, declaies Unit tho ?\ineiicati pios3 is m bnof developing in the diioction of tho Pit, and ho pi ovos this unpleasant thesis bj odd but conclusive o\ ldcnco lio tal es an issue of four grt>nt Now .ork dailies, the li thurn, tho lto»W, tho _ tines, and tho Sww, on a given Sunday in lSbl, and another issue on the siuw iSundaj in lfeOí and cniofully analyse« thon coulent-, with a viow of asccitam nig what changes have taken place in tho lneraiy food thoy ofier to thoir leadois, und the îesult is highly in strm tiv o Wo hnv o not space to pub lish Mi CiiLMi H Si i ID'S table in full, but give its lending toatuies - COIVJMSB Ol liUlDlNO MASHIHN ¡Si» .OUK NnvsrAibiis, Auiir 17, 1881, AM) Amu Ki, IbiH_ bnbject 1S81 1893 I eli-ious 12u 1 Scicitilio 2 ti'"i l'oliliuil ß 21 iff J ite rury d 175 ¿ I flusaip lot) 11(125 Seunilnls 1 7u0 Sped tine, 7 CO Fiction 2 50 _> Ci irnos «ntl Criminals 0 710 Art______-_-_? The lssuoj compaied, it will bo noted, mo those of bundey editions, in winch lho loui i al is rupposcd to put on its bpst liteiaiy attiro, but the figuies wo give show that the ti end of American journalism, evon in its bunday form, is steadily foi tho woiso Science, it is true, has slightly liiciensed, but it still pioves a less inteiesting thoino than scandal Politics palo bofoio spoit Arl jields lo cunio and criminals Pechgion has almost finally emi¿nteel from oven Sunday editions, htoraturo has shrunk nearly 50 percent, while gossip has expanded like the íeloascd genii of tho Arabian tale, until it blackens tho whole journalistic sk) Tho journal which shows tho most maiked syns of htoiniy and mond decay is the Sun, which, twelve year' ago, wns tho "cleanest," and now is tho most "entoipnsing" of the great New York journals, and Mi GILMUI Spi i D f '"ry emphatic as to tno flavour _t its scandals A nowspapoi has boen desnibed as "the histoiy of " the world for ada)," but if wo viero to ludgo of the planot by the " biston ' supplied in the cases rcfoned to wo should diaw some very strango con elusions It is surely an nmn/ni-ly shabby woild, with a paiticulail) mi pleasant histoiy, and whose population justifies CAitLv.~r'_ grim definition of " mostly fool« ' Ccitatnlv it is a population that enies littlo about ait oi science, ind still lrss about lehgion , and whoso chief dolight is found m gossip, fiction, and sporting If tho (i-'iues given by Mr GILMI II hm D really indicate the set of the social | cuiront in Amencn, thoro is cauto for sdous concorn amongst thoso who caro fe the future of this blanch of tho läglish-speaking raco. Not much can bl hoped from a community whoso Iijrary appotito so closely tescmbles tl,t of FALSTA. r's in another realm. Ti so poor a half penny woith of art or xeligion it demands such an ¡nHorablo amount of gossip. It is r not always easy, howevor, to doirmiuQ tho relation botwixt a great no'jSpaper and its readers ; or to say, wini Ave .find an ignoble literary appe- tite aiid an ignoble type of journalism exiling side by side, which is cause anmvhich is effect. Somotimos a ne ws papr coirupts its readers, and somo timk.its roadors corrupt a newspaper. It i idle, pf course, in journalism as in anylther field of human life to sot tho staiiard too high. A newspaper con- ducid on too " heioie "mothods, it may be lankly admitted, would die of sheer, Inck-f purchasers. It is easy to con coivfof such a journal sailing through the .literary empyrean, and concerned witl no events of less dignity than, say,'the movemonls of tho planets and thojl.be and fall of kingdoms; its cdibr u sort of Sir Galahad, with scisois instead of sword, and riding in .each of " copy '' much as the hero of TufNYSOK'.s ballad rode in seaich of tho Snigr.nl. , But tho editor of such an etljn'eal journal, as Mr. MILLEU, tho cdtor of the New Yrrrh Tivies, justly coitonds, would bo " tnado miserable in " iho.strugglo between his moial duty " tnd his carnal opportunities." Its ptblishor would be in continual pain, aid its cashtor in continual idleness. Aijournal must, of course, íoflect all tho \- vtriod life and tastes of the community ti which it acts as a minor and a Horary sounding-board. It ought not to bl always .ttaddling about on moral and lterary stilt'), or discussing the higher jolitics and the more recondite forms d' science, Ilonoat sport fills a largo ¡paco in the lives of multitudes, and a j.uinal must lecoid this. Fiction is a l'gitlfnate form of litorntuio, and has, ii foot, a gteat teaching olHce. Gossip even, ns Jong as it does not liston at the keyhole or talk with slanderous or venomous tongue, may claim its justly .nashnmôd andiente. It is an absurd affectation for a journal to pretend to inhabit a loftior world than the mon and "women who are its readers. But, admitting, all this, it yet remains true that tho literary and moral drift dis- cernible in New York journalism is a very ugly social symptom. Theto aro somo " successes" which self-ieapeeting journalism will always reckon bought «t too dear a rate. Wü hin o iilicudy oxprosscd îegiot that tho Picnuor hua not til ou kindly to tlio ptopus il to institute a full and iinpiu tial uiquuy into tho oifecb o£ tho High laut! on piortu^tion Mt PAJ ri n.so\ s vacilla lion in this i wittel hits buen îomurkiible First ho assisted te incienso duties, uc\t ho mis vutuous and stiong in do c1 tuning lgiunst uti nttompt to pile thom still hiDhoi , htcx on fnvoiti-blu to an uiquuy , thou frightened at tho su_p,es tion of a genuine thoiough uiquuy , nftoi nurds tho authoi of an nniondinont fora limited investigation by a lomt com nuttuo of both Houses of Pmliiimont, and finally wo hud lum detelmined to appoint a committee of Assembly mem bein only In all those giadations it can h udly bo supposed thal tho Pioimoi lins thoroughly onjoyed himself Uo would, r o doubt, have boen glad to have avoided tlio mnttel cn.iioiy, 01 te have lind i fico li m J Unenibiu ru<_cd by political con sidointious, no oui) would lim o been moio nilling to do tho nuit tlmi0' in tho right « ly But as it is thoto is to bo a moio apology for an mqiuiy A limited connnittuo might as well not bo appointed Nobody wants it 'Ilio m-vjouty against Su l_._.itv WHIXON s pioposd was nuuiily composed of membors who do not desire an in quin of any kind, but aro afiaid to buy BO, while pooplo outside Pniliamont, M ho appioio of tho Wrixon pioposal, will ceitiunly bo dm sitisfied with tho makeshift offorod by bho Prom 101 Wlntovor may bo tho îosult, it miy bo taken as assiuod that tho feeling that high duties cripplo production upon ii Inch Victoria doponds foi sithntion, will grow and grow Rohof may lit postponed foi somo littlo time, but not foi long In constituting tho committco Iho Ministry will havo a doll cato duty, but the li ipo may bo oxpressod on blond ¿lotiuds tint unless it is itally intended to mako the mqmiy a finco » bottoi sélection will bo m ido tliiin appoar ancos mdieato na in eontemplntion Mr Unkei, M L A who liol Is nn honoiary sent in the Cabinet is to be appointed Minis ter of 1 illili. Instruction and Commissioner of CustoniB in succession to the late Mr Campbell lhe mimbi r tor Lowan will be suorn m at a meeting of the 1 xccutiie Council to be held on tuesday ne _t und as his aeccptuneo of the poitfnlio mil cause his sent in the Legislative Assembly to become meant it will necessitate his fcouiR before lus constituents for re eli otion It is not e _ peeted houeier that there will be any opposition oil ered to his re clr tion Jloth the gentlemen who wne honorary Ministers m the present Ministry have now recen ed portfolios ulthoui,li the Qoiernment lins only been n lew months in ollite Mr Richardson hai nig recently been appointed Mnustpr of Kail way Mr Baker entered the Assembly in 18.3 On Monday the Speaker will issue writs for the election ot two members of the Liomin tue Assembl}-one for iienulla and Yarra woii"n in the pluec ot tho late Mr Campbell and tlio other to fill the vacancy in the re nresciitntion of bim llnitst caused by the death ol Mr Burrowes lhe arrangements for the elections will probnblj be as follows -Benalla and \ armit oiiki.-Nomination dnj M( ndnj the 2nd October polling Mon dnv the )th October Sundhurst-Nomma tion duj Saturday the 30th September, polhill. 1 riday the Util October On Medmsdnj r-iening the legislative Asseinblj decline 1 ti agree with the proposi tion of Sir Hen.} Wi ison for the appointment of aHojtilcùininmaionontho effect of the high duties on production but accepted instead an amendment bj the Premier for n Pnrlia mentar, committee of miiuir) It »as m tended by the Premier to constitute the com mittce of members of both Houses but as lie no« linds tliat according to practice the bodj would have to be composed of nn equal number from each nousi, and as it is felt b} a liirge section of the Assembly that ns the tariff produces revenue it ia there fore essential!} a monetary matter inn Inch tlic Council ought not to have a voice it is the intention of the Ministry to limit the committee to members of the Assembly It is almost certain that ns Sir Henry Wrixon lins declined to preside over the committee owinj, to ita not haiing been made a lloyftl Commission and having been confined to mt imbers ol the Assembl) tilnt Mr Ilomato ML A «ill be nskel to act as chaitmnn In ordi r to guard against .lie inquit} beuif, a protraote 1 one, the committee .ill be dnectid to con elude its labours and submit its îeport to the House at th( beginning of nest session lhe committee will consist of 12 itieml trs Amoii(, tile passing is jesterdty by the Il M S Austral were Sir Snmuel Wilson and Mr lisien of the (um of Messrs 1 iskm and Vnlentine Messrs Charles Arnold and Kraul thornton han also arme I by the' Austrnl bringing with them n tluntncnl coinpnm to appenr nt the Buou theatre shoitl} In the mini} SIB of the Railway nccounts published in these columns yesterday, atten tion wns directed to the fact tlint while the value of imvtcriut used in muiiilcunncc in 181)1-2 wns £41,000, the value in 18:12-3 was _M,000. Upon this nn inquiry wns.ienturid tis to whether the Commissioners lind hot economised by merely postponing work tlint should have been done. lnr reply, they point lo the following extract from the mutual report of Mr. C. E. Normani engineer for existing lines :-" The expenditure for stores included in the figures for this year is un- usually loev, oeving principally to,lárge credits having boen brought to account, for the side of old material. Without, tlleso credits the coat of maintenance per mile would average about £120 per mile, mid 7jd, per train mile." Tlio extract does not cleup the issue, for the fact remains that £30,000 IWJH was charged lo maintenance in one your < than in the other. If there wns the sumo'value of material put into the lines in both'years, then the manner in which the accpunfs'have been stated is singularly, udiipted to give tne op jrosite impression. A definite ajirl lull ex jilnnation of what, is meant to bo conveyed by " large credits" on nceount of " the sale of old material" is desired, especially with a view to showing what .theso. transuotions have to do with the amount of work done on the permanent wny. luven, if the same money was spent in maintenance ,in both yenr_, the difference in our culoulations would he less than 1 per cent. That is to say the ratio of vvoiking expenses to revenue, comparing like with like, would have been 08 per cent, in 381)2-3, nu against 09 per cent, in 1S91-2. rending a fuller explanation than is con- tained in Mr, Noiman's report, the original analysis must be adhered to, Mr. Gnunson made his presence severely felt in the Meienntlle Iknk proceedings yes terdoj'. When tile investiantion wns com- menced Mr. C, W. __llt-, one, oE> the ticeused, presented indication- of indisposition so serious that, with tilt! consent of the prosecu- tion and all the other defendants, he was given leave of absence until Wednesday next. All went on smoothly until yesterday morning, when, at the conclusion of the evidence of Mr, Adum.on, the accoun- tant, Mr. Oaunson suddenly rose and declared all the proceedings irregular mid abortive. The law immistulcubly was that the evidence must bo given in the hearing and presence of the defendant-, and no con- sent, lie Bald, could give the justices juris- diction in the absence of Mr. Ellis. That Mr. Garnison was right in his law seemed apparent by the fact tlint neither Mr. It. W. Smith, tor the prosecution, nor the liench could do more thou plead that all parties hud consented to the arrange- ment-barling a Btrictly formal objec- tion raised by Mr. ¡Smith-and Unit it would be in the highest degree incon- venient to stem tin1 proceedings now until Mr. Kllis should recover. No one but Mr. Oaunuon raised the point. Mr. J, C. Slcwiirt (for Mr. Hell) and Sir Matthew 'Davies both expressed a deairc to pioeeed. Mr. Gnunson took the ground that he was me;rely giving a warning to tho justices, lind should be thanked for doing so at this early stage, ex- pressing the opinion that a week or two's holi- day would bring them up fresh «ntl smiling ugiiin. " I will not givo my word to an ille- gality," was tile virtuous declaration of Mr. Garnison ; and at 1 o'clock, against the wishes of overyonè else concerned in the ease, an adjournment was' "made ¡until Monday in the hope that Mr. Ellis may .then be able to appear. It is lo bo feared thnt the understanding between the Prince of Wales' ¡ind'Mr. L. L. Smith was not so clear nor so strong ns wns supposed. There was not sullicient abiding force in it to survive a few days' Bcpnration. On his way back to Australia Mr. Smith re- membered that His Royal Highness had been presented with some Victorian wines, and lind not expressed, any opinion upon thom. Accordingly a telegram was sent from Naples to Mr, G. (J. Levey, to obtain a testimonial, anti Mr.. Levey com- municated the request in due course. And this was the icplys-"Marlboiougli-house, August 14, 1803. Dear Mr. Levey,-1 have submitted your letter to the 1'rÍHoe of Wales, and 1 am desired by His lioj'nl Highness to request you to thank Mi. L. L. Smith fiom liim lor the Australian wine which he lins been so good ns to send him. His Ho} ni Highness is alraid that it would hardly do for him to write a lettur for publication re- commending the wines. I remain, yours truly (signed), FUANCIS Kiior.bYH." The "Confessions of a Special Commis- sioner" have afforded as much amusement in London among those who were thrown into contact with the author (writes our London correspondent on August l8) ns they doubtless excited in Melbourne. That cases of Victorian wine, brandy, fruit, and liqueurs were forwarded to the Queen and tlie Prince of Wales, among other dis ingnished persons is quite true. In this the special commissioner was only following what appears to have become the estab- lished rule-under certain conditions. The chief of these is believed to be that such votive offerings should bp official, as distinct liom personal and private. Hut, it is whispered, this little point ol' etiquette was overlooked. Instead of nil these good things coming from the icpresentativo of the colony by some strange misehance they purported to come from the gentleman himself. The stupidity or carelessness of some clerk wns no doubt the cause of tins. However, instead of eliciting thanks anil commendation, an inti- mation was, it is stated, conveyed to those chiclly concerned that Her Majesty and the Prince of Wales could only accept such presents if oftioiully given, and not fiom gentlemen in their private cupacilj', unless indeed personal friends. When patriotism conies into collision with pence it is apt to fare as badly its the npoerypbul cow that George Stephenson ex- pected his first locomotive' to demolish. Such, ut any rate, wits the opinion of Mr. Atkinson, n witness who was examined by the Swenting Board yes- terday with reference to the competition between tue white cabinetmakers of Mel- bourne and their Chinese rivals. It wits brought out in evidence that about' GO per cent, of the furniture manufactured in Victoria is made by Chinamen, who ure content to copy the pntterns of Caucasian artificers without any slinish adherence to the eight hours «} stein or the requirements of the Shops and Factories Act. Mr. levers wns staggered momentarily by the thorough fashion in which the Chinese have raided the Viotorinn furniture market, and inquired indignantly whether stamping eacli article willi the name of the mnker would not protect the native industry. " Is there not suflioient patriotism in the community?" demnnded tho member for Carlton, "to pre- vent ladies, for instance, from buying a Chinese chest of drawers, wheti they can get a similar article made by Europeans lora few shillings more." "No," replied the witness with nn air of sorrowful conviction, induced by many 'a hard battle with n bargain-hunter, " there is not. It a Indy can save hulf-a-crown on her purchase she will do it, and she doesn't card 'a pin in nine eases out of ten whether tho chest of drawers is made by a Chinaman or a white man." The trial of John Meredith, John ISdivards, nenry de Lacy, and William Miller on the charge of stealing £285 from Arthur Mueller, tin engineer, whian was commenced before the Chief Justice on Thuisduy, had a re- markable conclusion yesterday. The case for the proaeoution wns that Mueller, who is an engineer, went to the Rob Roy Hotel, Fitzroy, late on the night of Sunday, the 20th AugtiBt, and then had £2S5 m notes on him, consisting of two£100-notesnnd lTnoteb of £5 each, all on the Bank of Australasia, lie got very drunk at the hotel, and after he left it was either robbed of his money or lost it, nnd on the next morning the prisoners changed u number of I'j-notes, which weie supposed to be identical with those stolen, nt various hotels in Flinders- street. A couple ol them when :urested were also found to have notes concealed about their clothing. The Chit. Justice, at the close of the case for the prosecution, said he considered there wns no evidence that any roboery had been com- mitted, and that Mueller might have lost the notes. If the prisoners lind found the notes mid then changed them that wns no crime, nnd in' the absence of evidence of n robbery he felt it his duty to direatthejur} to acquit the prisoners lhe jurj, b) direction of Ins Honour, then braucht in a veidict of not guilt}, und thoptisoncrs weie discharged .aloud lemphton lins altered his in tention of addressing the electors nt Udialla this dening, postponing the meeting there until Monday night Mr Mav llirsah ad dresses the electors at Yarrawonga this cien mg With the object of stimulating the business of the telephone exchanges, the Post master General has decided to make certain reductions Irom the 1st prox Subscribers to the Melbourne 'telephone ]_xchnn_e who reside in the suburbs tiinj haio their pnvato residences connected with the J. .chnnges at the rate of £8 per annum, so that foi the two services-the city and the suburban-the subscription will amount to £20 per annum, instead of £24, the present minimum charge for the same accommodation Subscribers to the \\. indsor and Maliern exchanges will be put on the same footing ns uubscnb.rs to the Brighton ]jxohnn_,e-thnt is their annual subscription will bo reduced to £12 per annum B} these concessions the Post- master General hopes to increase the number of subscríbela 1\. the R M S S Valetta, which sails for London to day, the Agricultural depirtment H ill ship 10S tons of butter to London 'lins is the second sliipini nt this season * irniellers who seek to reheiethe mono tony of long railwa} ioume} s hy indulging in a game at cards will no longer need to imprci use tables for that purpose bv resorting to carnage cushions and the various othei ex pcdienoies with which the average passenger is nhendy so tamihnr The Railway Com missinncrs lime just lind manufactured a numbcrol papier mache card tin} s, each nbout two nnd a half feet long by about two leet wide nnd trains on the mnin count« lines nie non furnished with these nceessoucs Ihej weie brought into requisition on the Bendieo express for the lirst time on Thura du} ni.ht, the guard being kept quite busy m suppbing them to tra\ ollera bent on curd pld} lug No charge is made to passengeis tor the use of the tra} s, which nre itiscubcd with lhe ktters " V It in order, no doubt, to l.iinnl ngainst their being accidentally mis taken for luggage when passengers leiue the enmures A number of gentlemen, Including Sir lredcriek Sargood and the Reis Hornee luckei and IJr Strong, nn.ious to piomote the successor the co operatiie ullage settle monts which nre being lorim d m innons pails of the colon}, «nited on the Munster of I mils jcsteidu. and c.preBsul a fear that the Village Settlements Act passed this session would not m its pitsent form nllow of the co opernti e (.stem being carried out in legard to those settlements Mr M Intjre leplieri lionel er, thnt the} mid baie no ounsion for nil} nlnrm ns ample prousion for working the settlements on the co opirntuc pimciplc was giien in the act and m the regulations made under it and passed by the Goiernor in Connel i Ile direoted the attention ol the deputation to clauses 10, 11, 12 of rho legulations M Inch pioiule for tho appointment of a committee of munngement to carry on the affairs of a settlement and to mnke rules for its con trol, subject to their being npproud of b} the Hoard of Land and Yioiks, and tolmie odiantes of mono} made 1} the Oovtrn mint to the treasurer or secretar} of tin committee,'which wire to be uppoitionid pi o rata so na to be a clinrpe ppon the allot inents hi Id bj tilt settleis repu sen ted on the committee To dnv the Minister of Health and the members of the Hoard of Health, who will be accompanied bj the Premier mid such mein hers ol Parhnment as choose to attend, will inspect the area ot about 2 000 norn set aside near IVinkston for burial purposis foi the metropolis On nig to several members of Parliament and ol the bonni bein/ dihir ans of returning to the countrj to night it has bein decided that the partj lull have the new plutfoim, Plintos bulge station, at 17 pin bj "pie ml tiuin, liT-tind ol bj the oidmarj train atl 10 p m ns uns tit hist m t( nded, and w ill return lo Mi 11 oiirne al out d otloclt It is tindeistood that the obji tt of the visit is to ascertain if the Bite is a suit able one for bunal purposes, it being con tended that it is not, because the natural drainage is bad, causing a lnrgo area of the ground to be wet foi the grenlor part of the j ear It leon announced some winks ago that when the li list in com» c1 ion with tin exton sion of the Iimddlieig railway to Kltham una formed and had secured the land re quired for the extension, the Uoiirnmcnt would introduce ti short bill tin» session to (Impulse with that portion of the net authorising ihe construction of the railway which required a guarantee of £5 000 to be given before the line was comminccd J he guniunteo was to bo operated on li the revenue wns insufiicient to meet working ox penses and interest on the tost ot con struction Ibis vi as tin lint occasion on which suth n condition was attached to a railuui constiuclion net, and it was inserted on tlie recommendation of the Ituilunj Standing Committee, owing to an oller nie.de to it bj Mi C It Jhmes, n huge loudon ntl on tin routi oi the extension llowcier, the Prunier has now been informed tlint a number of the members ot the legislative Council arc iivetse lo the proposal to dispense with the guarantee, holding the view that the not, which was only passed hi amajontj ot three votes in a largo House, would never haio been placed on the stntuto book but for the olîtr of the guarantee, nnd he Ima thentoie detieled to abandon his intention ot introducing tho bill re fa red to On I ritlnj ne_t a nile competition will take platt between the mtmbirs ot the Legislative Assemblies of Qui onslnnd, South A list riilin, and Victoria It lins bien ui ranged bj'Mr Costero, a membei of the Queens land Legislatura, who tommunitated with Mr Mason, the Chairman ot Committees, on the subject some dnjs ago 'the following members will represent this colon; -Mi Gordon, Jit -['Linn, Mi Mumu, Mr Williams, Mr Dyer, and Mr Mason 'lhej will snoot on* at the A\ llhnmstoiin ranges on 1 nday, at li a m , and simultaneouslj the representatives of the Assemblies of the two colonies mentioned will do likewise at lins bane and Adelaide respective] j The stores w ill then be teltgraphed and compared The Victorian team will practise on Wedncsdnj morning at the ranges The Minister of Defence has receded n letter stating that Lieutenant Robertson, of the Victorian Permanent Artillery, u ho has been undcigoing a tourac of instruction in gunnery at Shoeburjness, England, is on his way to the colony m the K M S S Curco The annual session of the Assemblj of the Church of -."gland in the diocese of Mel bouine will commence on Mondaj nfttrnoon next In the thnptei house ot the Cathedral when the Bishop of Melbourne will deiner his usual inaugural address, m which he will revi.w the leading incidents in the history of the church in Victoria during the past jear, as well as the puncipal topics of interest to members of the Anglican flhuroh m all parts of the v. oriel The bust ness to be transacted during the session is less in quantity than usual, and consists principally of useful ligislation aflecting church administration Among the bills which the asBemblj will bo asked to pass are enactments providing for more complete returns being made of mainnges, and for enabling the boundaries of punshes to be reused It is anticipated that the business of the assemblj vill be completed bj Friday next i When the twopenny postage." lins i everted to it was intended onli as a temporan ex pedtent torevne thenostnl reunite, and the act prouded that it was to continue in opua I tion till the 30th of lune, M4 Necessitj has, however, compelled the Government to introduce a bill to provide for the continu ance ol the twopenny postnge until the 80th ot June, 1S97 "Neatly put," might be the comment on the reply of the Customs department to the Mannt Board on the question of the sale j anihomgc of vessels with pon tier on bonni " The uduunistintion ot the regulation, said j the letter, "rests solely with the Customs department, and it is satisfactory tb find that the bonrd is anxious to nssist the Minister in the "matter." Sin ely tho request, "Mind your own husini.b," was never more -ilile-ly phrased. The ¡nloruintion was added t .ot small les.els with powder in transit from larger vessels are sometimos driven by stress of weather to nu anchorage outside the powder anchorage, but cien safer, and a legulntion will be framed sanctioning tins inner anchorage lor vessels with explosives in transit. The resignation of Pilot Gnfford was accepted on account of his failing health. The sea pilots requested that the vacancy be not filled, ns the shipping business is nt a low ebb, and a great deal of it is done by large atenmcrs. It wns resolved to allow the question to stand over for six months to see how the requirements of the port uro met by the reduced number. The Melbourne' Shipping Companys atonmer Plinros, willoh sailed at the end of last week in connection willi tim scheme to establish and maintain fishing- stations on different islands in Bass's und Banks' straits, returned last night at tlio conclusion of what is conceded to he nn encouraging preliminary voyage. Hiilf-a-do.en boats "and about a dozen fishermen weie embarked at Waterloo liny, and upon reaching Bass's Strait two of the boats were manned and sent off to the most likely fishing-grounds. The weather pioved extremely boisterous, and militated to a considerable extent against the complete success of the expedition. The "huies," however, by the two crews represented ICO baskets of line fish, and included rock flathead, flounders, pike, and garfish. In the proper season the promoters expect to make lnrge hnuls of trevnlli in addition to lnrge " takes " of oiny fish. Captain Le Maistrc left on the return journey so ns to cntch the Bales nt the market ycsteidny morning. He was disappointed in his expectations, as the Pharos was overtaken by a fierce bend gale and had to run into Waterloo liny for shelter. Tile fish will be disposed of in the usual way at the market this morning, after which the Pharos will Btart attain for the fishing stations. Captain Anderson, inspector of fisheries, accom- panied the party in un advisory capacity, and will îeportliis impressions of the success or otherwise of the expedition to the Minister at the head of his dennrtmenl. The split which has occurred in the ranks of the Australian Nativos' Association over the proposition lo celebrate Foundation Day by mi nit union mid sports demonstra' tion nguinst the decision of the board ol' directors engaged the attention of the metropolitan committee at a large meeting hold at Buxton. Art Callory hist evening. Messrs. Jordan, Wood, and Toucher, who were appointed to couler with the bonrd ot directors, submitted ti report, which clearly showed tim. the bonni, fortified by n favourable vote by the united brandies taken at the lnsl conference, were deter- mined to resist a breach of the law. On the part of the committee, the argument was put fortli that as the Attorney-General had tacitly consented to allow the fate ro he curried out tho boord of directors were.ex- ceeding their functions in vetoing if. An onimnted discussion took place in committee, and the opinion was expressed that as, the directors were HO emphatic in their ruling, and serious consequences might result if the branches revolted, it would be Inadvisable to persevere in the decision to celebrato the holiday in the usual waj% A motion, Biib; mltted by Jlr. Cook, that (he sum of £100 be voted to the file committee to carry on* their work, was rejected by a ' substantial majority, the practical effect of the decision being that the nrt union will not be held. Something approaching a ''scene" took place at a meeting of the metropolitan com- mittee of thcAustralian Natives' Association, which last night gave animated attention to the question of holding a file in celebration ot Foundation Day. The' feeling of discon. tent which the hostility of the board of directors provoked evus intonaili^d by tho Hat refusal of the directors to allow n lottery to bo held except solely for chiirity. For throe bonis the delegates spoke very strongly on the nets ol the directors,'who wore licensed of high-handed und improper interference. The committee, who the week before resolved to hold the file despite the bonni, reversed their decision, whereupon the minority accused the majority of underhand working und treachery. Tja chnirman vainly "trove to keep order, nnd'.at last the discussion was dropped jubt ns Ihe atmosphere was becoming electrical,' and troulile seemed imminent. As the Victorian Artists' Loan ¡exhibition of l'ictmes is dru wing to a close at the end of the current month, the series of concerts which have been taking place in connection with it at the National Onlleiies will be con- cluded this afternoon. The programme for the occasion is to be contributed by Miss Ada Crossley, Miss Florrie Simonsen, Miss Amy Hermit, Miss Viotti i Pierce (instru- mentalists), Mr. Milford Haven, and Mr. J. Sutherland (vocalists). Afternoon tea is pro- vided by the Mutual Store. The annual meeling of subscribers to the Hospital for Sick Children was . held yesterday in the Town-hall, Mr. Zeal, M.L.C., in the chair. After the oflielal reports had buen lfceivcil, Mrs. Testar wns elected picsldent, Jlrs. Austin vice-president, Mrs. Prendergast lion, tiea surer, and Mrs. C. IT. Nicolson bon. seoretniy. For tim committee Mesdames Moline, Pren- dergast, Colin Templeton, Austin, Simson, Henty, Nicolaon, and Messrs. Mars Buckley and K. Murray Smith were elected, and the election ol Mrs. Finlayson and Miss Cum- ming was confirmed. The meeting olosed with the usual votes of thanks, An address to the ltev. J. If. Gregory, the lute incumbent of All Saints' Church, St. Kilda, is now lying icady for signatures at Messrs. Allan and Co.'s music warehouse, i Collins-Uect. Snb-criptions to the testi- monial which is to ucionipiiny the address should be forwarded to Major Hughes, Almn road, St. Kilda, or to Messrs. Allan and | Co. A iioüflcatlon appétitq in our 'Special Ad.ert.s_ i-icnb column* ii imiatm¿ thattho medulas of tho Aumalinn crcilHoi^ and shareholders of iho Federal Hank of Amtrnlfa I iniitcd (in liquidation) adiertiscd lo bo held at half pi». Joclock and 4 o cloak íespeo ti\e]> on \\\cine.da\ 27th hist t At IheAthonnmm hall liave been postponed b. the order of his Honour Mt Justice llolrojd till Wednesday, lilli Oc ober ne t, at tho same timo and p'acc Tlie German consul notifica in anothei column that an opportunity will bo awarded to Germans Habla for nullt u\ neu ice to ho examined 03 to their (line..!, on Mondnv next on bonrd tho Gorman m. ii steamer Karlsruhe To morrow Wcbei H MJIW. In ß will bo pel formed by fat Monicas choir, loDUcraj, with full oichcstral nccoin) animent, leader, Mi 7 M Schnieder The quintette consistí, of Slgnoiina Miwthinllt (soprano), Mr M Mnhon (tenor) Miss M Lann (alto), and Mr J M Crowie, (basso) tho whole under tho con ductorshipo' Mr U B Godwin Mr li-ink Brewster lately from rngland, Is announced to preach at St (. cori,c «. Hall Bourke Btiect to morrow evening nt half p. st 7 o clod An nd.ertiscment appealing* in another column announces that the Gi eat Southern 1 allwav Com pnn\ of Western Au.tulla ha\G opened nn offl-oat Cromwell chambers, corner of Bourke and Elizabeth fi.ieetR, where pi ospectors nod others intending Mailing the Western Au.tialinn t,_Id Held. ma> obtain full particulars a. to the shortcut and cheapest A garden /tie Iii nid of th«. Toorak and South \ai ra lr> boc i c1 j will liofthcnatUippunlcA Elsternwick, the .e.idmico of Sir I w dcrick barwood on Saturday, October 28 the Jete it .«announced will be under thapUron. cn of lils 1 \cellcncj the Governor and tho Countess of Hopetoun Iho administration of tie /noloaical gardens linn arranged for tlio addition of another attraction On flneS ..unify aftci noons through the coming summei the lia.aiian baud will perform from 1 o clock tills \\\ o lia. creech ed from tho Victorian Map Publish .ngCompnu}, Swanston street acopj of anew map icccntl. compiled .bowing the latpsr routes h\ which the Coolgardie nnd Sin renison gold fields in _\ extern Australia mai »c reached The ron ten ha.c been copied ft oin Go. «muent maps and arc clent.) Indi catcd lhe most direct rand to Coolgardie Is that starting from Lsperanca Boj I ntl lea for the lucrar, competitions to bo hdd lu connection with tho Hibernian SaHetj * cra__d,/e.e on November 0 have been extended to Ootobei 28, In aceoidance with tho wishes of a number of intending competitor» Iho third of tho piescnt selles of meetings for practical woik In connection with the Field JS. at ni alistó Club will lie held in the Roval ¡,ociet> H ballon Mondât dening, when tho I.e. \\\ Holder assistant demonstrator in tho ..ni.ei_.itv, \ ill f,i\e n demonstration on the dissect on of tho common snail A [sitora arc ln\itcd Mr II i Petherick, b mister and solicitor of Mel bourne chambers Chancery lane ha- boen appointed h\ the Chief Justice of the oolong of Now .South Wales a commission« to take aínda.ita In the fe Híñeme Coui t of th it . ni on j Mewn J W bt\lcH and Co will hold a clearing sale of eiuJncF ni .chinen tool-» U also \urnish makers slock and plant ut then Morai street stores, **oulh Melbourne on Mon in niornirit. 