Latest Hews. AS EVENING WITH DICKENS.—On Tuesday evening an instructive and interesting lecture was given by Mr. A. Odpers to theEent Town Literary Society and friends. The lecturer treated hiB audience, among other items, to an account of Toby Veck in the Chimes aud Scrouge and Marley's Ghost. During the evening Miss Burgess, the prize winner au the late Band of Hope contest, played the prize piece, which was much apprc 3iated. A vote of thanks to the lecturer brought a pleasant evening to a cloee. COOKSKY CUSSES.—An advertisement appearing in another column announces that the cookery classes at the Gas Company's offices, Grenfell-street, will be held every Monday afternoon and evening, and on Tuesday mornings. HEAVENLY MUSIC IN THE STBUGGLE OP LITE.—This forms the subject of Mr. W. H. Jude's second lecture to be delivered in the Town Hall'this evening. THE FIBST FEDEHAI. GABRISON.—The followingGeneralOrder issued by theCommandant of the Western Australian Defence Forces may be of interest to South Australians, aa the garxkon referred to in the order was found by this totally:—"The Commandant wishes to express to Captain Hawker and the garrison under his command the appreciation he feels of the exoellent work which has been executed by them in mounting the guns at the Albany works. He considers that the greatest credit is dne to all racks, and especially to Sergeant- Major Hollingworth (who, he understands, has shown himself eminently useful and energetio), for the manner in which the work hci been executed, the rapidity with which it has b:?n completed, and the freedom from any accident which has been obtained. By order. J. F. CAUFSELL, Lieutenant, Staff-Adjutant Local Forces. Head-quarters. Perth, Western Australia, April 24, 1893." SOUTH AUSTRALIAN CHRYSANTHEMUMS.—At the recent Chrysanthemum Show there were two gentlemen who had been lately judges at home, and they said the chrysanthemums were far superior to anything seen in England, but our people did not dress them up effectively. At home the exhibitor would spend three hours over a difficult flower to dress it up to perfection, though sometimes only a few minutes world be required. The same care devoted to dressing np would make the Adelaide flowers infinitsly preferable to anything seen in England. This testimony is very satisfactory, because Eome local authorities have declared that the British exhibitors are far before the South Australian. BBOKEN HILL WATER SUPPLY.—The Engineer telegraphe that the consumption of water for the month of April Amounted to 6,358,000 gallons. NATIONAL DEFENCE LEAGUE.—The halfyearly meeting of this League, which was beld in the Refreshment-room of the Town Hall on Tuesday evening, was well attended. The Hon. R. C. Baker, M.L.C., the President, occupied the ohair, and moved the adoption of the report, wlrch stated that the membership now numbered 2,510. In the course of a long and interesting address he combated the objoetione wbioh had been raised against tbe Lergne, and stated that it had never disfranchised any man. Dealing with the return of the Labour members he personally preferred direct Labour representatives who were sincere to the labour sycophants they had displaced. The danger, however, was that those men were simply delegates controlled by a power which sought to supplant Parliament itself. In the discussion several newly elected members of Parliament took part. The report was adopted. THE DEMOCRATIC CLUB.—The half-yearly meeting of the Democratic Club took place on Monday evening in tbe clubroom. There was a large attendance, and the Hon. W. A. Robinson, M.L.C. (President), occupied the oha<>. Before presenting the balance-sheet for the half-year the Chairman said it was gratifying that the numerical strength of the club was much larger than it had ever been before, acd as an institution it was in a highly progressive state. It had done great service during the recent election campaign; indeed, eight out of the returned members were connected with the club. The balance- sheet was received and adopted, though it was subjeoted to considerable discussion. While the balloting for the committee was undpr scrutiny Mr. A. Poynton, _ M.P., was introduced to the meeting, and in response to a request for an address he said he would take another opportunity to speak of matters connected with the Flinders election. He was nearly worn out with fatigue, for he had travelled hundreds of miles and addressed numerous meetings. He must say that he looked upon his return as another triumph for the Labour narty. While in the House he would do his best to merit the confidence which seemed to be reposed in him. Mr. Poynton was greeted with great applause. The election for offioers resulted in Mr. J. IL Scbiokel and Mr.W. S. Bickford being chosen President and Vice-President respectively, and Mr. Max Lev,in as Hon. Treasurer without opposition. The committee appointed were:— Hon. W. A. Robinson and Messrs. G. H. Buttery, G. McGregor, J. Storrie, T. W. Allan, G. M. Mathews, H. Tidswell, J. Duncan, B. Bailey, T. King, T. Kenredy, and E. Hioee, with Mr. J. L. Hennessey as Sooretary. S.A. POCLTHY AND DOC SOCIETY.—The annual general meeting of the above Society was beld at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel, Rundle-street, on Tuesday evening. Mr. B. W. Everett presided over a good attendance' The Secretary (Mr. J. E. Gooden) read the report and balance-sheet, showing reoeipts for last Show to be £411 16s. The reports were adopted. Hie election of officers was proceeded with, and resulted as follows:—Patron, His Excellency the Governor: Vice-Patrons, Sir E. T. Smith, K.C.M.G., HiB Honor the Chief Justice, Sir Thomas Elder, G-.C.M.G., and Hon. J. C. Hawker, M.P.; President. Mr. E. C. Gwynne, J.P.; Vice- Presidents, the Mayor of Adelaide, and Messrs. J. Creswell, W. R. Sawers, E. W. Van Senden, W. H. Milford, E. F. Turner. A. Ltndsav, and E. Hall; committee (poultry), Messrs. W. R. Ercwn, W. Vicary, F. Krischook, and J. Smith; (doge), Messrs. S. J. Lammyand N. W. Stirling; (pigeons), Messrs. W. B. Everett and J. A. Shugg; (canaries), Messrs. T. Avers and S. F. Day; Hon. Treasurer, Mr. E. Hall; Secretary, Mr. J. E. Gooden; Auditors, Messrs. W. Jolley and D.; EL Harrold. A hearty vote of thanks wss accorded to all past officers of the Society, especially to Mr. E. Hall, Hon. Treasurer. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closcd the meeting. WEST TORBENS HOKTICULTUBAL AND INDUS- TPIAL SOCIETY.—The first Exhibition of the above Society will be opened in the Thebarton Town Hall this evening. GI.ENELG RAILWAY.—The publio are reminded by advertisement that there is a special time-table on the Glenelg lines to-day. FUNOEBS-STH.TET PBESBYTEBIAN SABBATH- SCHOOL.—A tea, followed by a magic lantern entertainment, will jbe given at the above school this evening. 