SPORTING. Several Adelaide turfites intend being pre sent at the Mount Gam bier races, and the olub | have obtained from the Railway Commis sioners the concession of excursion fares, and | tickets will be issued on July 4. Lovers of the leash are reminded that nomi nations for the Hovleton Coursing meeting I close with the secretary on Friday night, 30tti J instant. Mr. John Orozier left by the express for Melbourne on Tuesday, and we may hear in a day or two that he has made a move in baok iug his representatives in the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups. Mr. Barnett'a mare Quality, who_ was sent to Melbourne by steamer with Howie's horses on Saturday, has arrived at Flemington. Young Howie, who rode the winner in the Steeplechase at Caulfield on Saturday, returns to Adelaide to take charge of Salient. Mr. W. Gordon has had another slice of bad luck in the death of Astronomic. This filly was only thrown out of work a few days ago prior to being sent to Morambro for a long spell, and being somewhat fresh reared in her box: on Wednesday morning just as her feed was being brought to her and fell over, break ing her neck. Astronomie, a bay filly, 2 yrs., by The Vagabond—Stella, was kept more to teach boys to ride than with the idea of win ning races, and Master Gordon had twice ridden her in public, although he is only 11 years old. The issue of the weights for the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup on Monday did not (says the Argus) lead to any straight-out wager ing on either event, an offer of £5,000 to £250 on the field for she Melbourne Cup failing to bring about business. A fair number of double wagers were, however, booked at 1,000 to 2, Malolo being in most request for both events. Paris, Sainfoin, Newton, Gaillardia, Sword bearer, St. Albans II., Marco, and Ducrow were also picked for the Caulfield event, and Mal volio, Sternohaser, Swordboarer, The Admiral, Ronda, Donizetti, and Vakeel for the Fleming ton race. At prices ranging from 1,000 to 5 to 1,000 to 10 Carnage, Light Artillery, Pro jectile, Havoo, and Patron were backed for the I V.R.C. Derby in doubleB with the Melbourne | Cup candidates abovementioned. The V.R.C. Grand Natioual events were not touched straight out, but for the Hurdle Race Merri gal, Tim Swiveller, and Satyr were coupled with Shylook, Tyro, Dondi, and Albert for the Steeplechase at prices ranging from 100 to 1 to 100 to 2. Much sympathy has been manifested in sporting circles over the unfortunate accident that befel Mr. C. Scott whilst in charge of the Burwood hounds last Saturday. The patient is a brother to Mr. J. W. Scott, of the Fitzroy Racing Club and Sherwood, and was well known as a fearless rider with the Melbourne hounds. On Tuesday morning (says the Herald) Mr. C. Scott is reported slightly better. He is still lying at the Royal Hotel, Surrey Hills, under the care of Drs. Liddle and Lempriere. Mr. M. R. Cranney, a bookmaker, who was injured last September when returning from Newcastle races through the train being de railed, sued the Railway Commissioners for damages. The amount was £3,000. When the case was part heard it was withdrawn, Mr. Cranney having agreed to a private settle ment. The ad 'ourned meeting of jockeys took place at the Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke- street, on Monday uiglit, when a deputation, consisting of the following riders, was appointed to wait on the V.R.C. committee m reference to riding fees, viz.:—T. Corrigan, M. Burke, J. S. Edge, E. Power, W. Morrison, and C. Lewis. The scale of fees recommended by the committee appointed at a previous meeting received further consideration, and it was de cided that the deputation should only ask for its adoption in regard to losing mounts, the meebing considering that it was not advisable to ask the V.R.C. committee to alter its proposals as to winning mounts. The following are the suggestions in regard to fees which the deputation was requested to bring under the notice of the racing authorities :—On the Flat—Losing mount at Flemington or Caulfield, £3; elsewhere, £2. Over Hurdles—Losing mount at Flemington or Caulfield, £5 ; elsewhere, £3. Over Fences —Losing mount at Flemington or Caulfield, £10; elsewhere, £5. The idea of forming a jockeys' association was abandoned for the present. A resolution was carried to the effect that Mr. CJaude Weston should be awarded an honorarium for his services in promoting the meetings held, but Mr. Weston declined to accept anything. The V.R.C. committee met on Monday afternoon and conducted a vast amount of business that came under notice. The ad journed hearing of J. E. Brewer's ease, which related to the,alleged unfair or spiteful treat ment of a certain steward at Moouee Valley, was discussed. After dne consideration of all Brewer had to say and write, the committee decided "That there was no justification whatever for the allegations made in Brewer's letter." A London cablegram etates that the I well-known eolt Meddler, by St. Gatien | —Busybody, has been sold for £14,500. Meddler was this year greatly fancied for the Derby, which was won by Isinglass. His nominations for the Derby and other events unfortunately became void owing to the death of his owner, Mr. Abington Boird. The oolt has apparently been sold by the trustees in deceased's estate. Meddler is a bay oolt by St. Gatien, who ran a dead heat for the English Derby with Harvester in 1884, from the equally well-known mare Busybody, winner of the One Thousand Guineas in 1884 and of the Oaks the same year. " Mr. Abing ton" was also the owner of Busybody. Shying Horses are Near-sighted.—"Why is I ib that shying in horses Bbould be set down to [ an ugly disposition I don't know," said a pro minent veterinary surgeon. "It must be because horsemen don't know what else to lay it to. The faob is that ib is seldom met with unless the horse is near-sighted. I have tested scores of shying horses for near sightedness, and in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now, when I am asked to give points on buying horses, I give this as one of the requisites—never buy a horse that is near- sighted. There are, however, two exceptions to this rule. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other is clear-sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful that he is not near-sighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple," the surgeon continued. "Of all animals the horse is the most gentle and even timid. He sees a strange object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an old waggou in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. It is supposed that ib is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true, bub not in the sense in whioh it is generally understood. The animal has nob been able to see it from a distance. He is near sighted." 