. m •mm - nm •tt m THE MYSTERY or t THE - TOWER. A TALe Or 1i.ItHLLIet INTEIgST, t libLEN OORWIN l'PIERllE , CHAPTER XXXV. BELLE TIUMPI'II.NT STILL. .s the two men and Mlls. Turfit drew ns,.r Kenrick Prince raised himself slowly t,, a sitting poture, and clasping his wife n clsed, looked at them calmly. All three stopped as suddeuly as though I they had struck an invisible wall. the men turned an anxious troubled .s'e back upLn Captain Dunning. 31.. Ir urit !' exclaimed Mr Trouent, in t h` m?ost drawling tones, but most signifi ,antly. alto. T'le woman started violently, and went 5 to ?l th' with a sort of jerk. 1','u are to come with me, Mrs. Prince onu are to come right away !" Tua it .,j, ex itedly, taking hold of Sibyl's arm. f Iienrick stared at her wonderingly and .i hat is thit, aMrs Turfit? Lot go my wife's arm: Tre housekeeper oegyed him instantly ad stefd linking as if she wistled the earth would open and swallow her. Captain Dun:ing's assistants teemed to frel a?most as foolish as she. They did ?:t l:ke trying to handle a man with a .m an's arms around him, and such a kte lady, t e tcaptamn Dunning stood biting his lips •nd tr ,wnin gi it is enough to drive a mn out of his t, o,.r mike him wonder if he ever had ,?m" he said, to obsequious and officious )r. [ren:. "Tnat feliow there has been : te yde Penitentiary three years, t Yir my charge. lie has got seven m ,ie .1vs. His name is hick Hlalsey, and I. :,0r of the meanest, most cowardly ,??:?s that ever lived. lie has got away fro: e tice, and ever oince his recep- v S.fier the first escape, hass hld the a :tpudent daring to insist that he is net i tifeev, that he never saw me I. r the pent teantiy till he was taken tere this last time: I know heis Rick Halsey! I know a iem better-or worse-than any scan tihat was ever under my charge; and yet he nm La the impudence to claim that his name s K-nrick Prince, and his hiome here at Lurilen Hall. To cap the clllaix, thel pelr, lovely, crazy creature there has t'ksrn a shim to imagine him her husbh.ut: And she do.a it well, too. ' rinc . a cr.,zy prncess,' they call tier down in the tiown, and the is beautiful enough for a queen or a empress. L?ok at tnrm- look ., Upon my soul, I believe they are both msa, or el am. Where can Mr. ltrincebet I wish he would cole and confront this felow, and attend to his own wile. ilint isoutof my line. Why don't he comc? It is very odd that n,body can find ltin." lHe may have gone down into the town on seome rrand,"' drawled dtr. Trent. " I wil send someone to see, if you don't mind waiting.' "but I do. I have waited too long nor In this miserable busin"ss Wha: am I to do with her? lHe must g , of course ; but there wilt be a scene. hbe will umake a worse fuss probabl than it she were really his wifle." "I have an idea'," droned Mr. Trvnt," "that if Mr l'rince comes in and sees that, jerking his head in uibyl's unl Kentick s dure:tn, " there will be considerabte it a Cane anyway. I don't believe there whil to enough ldit of your man Halsey, by tte : tnne Mr. Prine is through with him, to be worth taking away.' Captain Dunning looked startled. " hick Halsey I" he exclaimed, rising his voice. " You know you have te come aieth me. You know it as well as I do. Will you do it without a fuss, or shall I have to tae you by force. A quick shudder ran through K,,nrick. He htted his handsome head and looked at Burning with eyes that madlethat woeried gentleman's breath come quick. His arms tightened about his wife. "Captain Dunning,' he said, "all I tsk f you is a fair hearing-a bare investiga ton of the facts. I am henrick trrnce, and this Mr Prince whom they are pre :eAding they cannot inad, is my tu n tiuther, Japper. He was in your charge nder the name of Hick Halsey." Captain Dunning broke into an angry lauga "See here, Halsey, 1 don't want an; more of this!" he said. "I know you, and you know me! You may have a. many tin.brothers as )uu like, but you a.e l?ick Halsey ! That is fact enough t for me, and if there is a spark of decency lit in you, you will release that unhaijppy lady who imagines you are her husbesu, ad. come along before worse happens.' Kenricd Prince looked down into the I dear, eautdilul eyes ot his wife. 'Imagmnes " he repeated, with a quirer- I ig canle, and kissed her lpss-ionateli. aptaipn bDnning clenched his hands, and took a step forward, then paused, gri?m?dng his teeth. In spite of him,against his will, Kenrick Prince impreesed and affected him 1 Erangeiy. 'To save his life, he could not nate Kcnrick-he could not feel bitter and rv~ngul toward him as he had been in tte habit of fee?ng toward dLck Halsey, and that very fact angered and exusierated hitfarfufdy. All I ask of you," earoick said, " is to ceu~iont me with the man you suppose to be KEnrick Prince." " A much easier, shorter and safer way," . tiGrrvase Trent suggestkd,?algticantly, to Captain Dunning," would be to confront Lit with these servants gathered in the corridor. Most of them thave been here for years, and never heard of any twin tei~her business before." " 'cry few in this part of the country ever did hear It" Kenrick said, quictly. '1y mother's stu.m'ond husband, Colonel E?rl, never heard of my brother Jasper. Y- father was a very proud man. li' untdvred that Jasper was a disgrace to h?u family, and disowned himun for some tmne before he died. lie would not allow Jper's name to be mentioned in his hlouse. Back where we used to live, befre nI mother married Colonel Huel, Jasper was supposed by most to be dead. \Ve -t them think so. My mother never told Colonel tuel of his existence. 'I hese are all Colonel iuei's servasta. OCf coarsne they never heardthat I had a twin brother. It was a carefully treasured secret, known to very few outside our own inmmnedieate familyf Mt Irent had the cool effrontery and in selence to shrug his shoulderrr as Kenrick ea?ed .peaktng. and pretend to conceals ughb behind his hand. In reality, Belle was seriously afraid her father would tbe impressed by this truu t-ry to simply and naturally told. It asazed her that he was not. " l?uu might see what the servants say to thia fehow," she suggested, in her Trvnt voiee, to her father, with a faint neutr. They ought to know him if he is ennck Prinuce. Of course there isa sort of resemblance between the two men Ifas y and Mr Prince-but it wouldn't darc e me fera of second time, though rever saw either of them till this morning. ferhaps, when the sermvants have pro nuntcd on him, he will shut up an be iore ressoable." Kenrick irince rose with some difliculty !rm the couch on which he was sitting, and advanced slowly into the other Mom, his arns etill about his wife. "Let me see the servants," he said, feebly, and with the faintest of sad smiles, " I don't think they wdil deny me." "Call them in," Dunning said, with an air of mingled resignation and im patience. And the wholetroopthronged awkwardly through the door. 'Ihe old gurdsner, James Beese, was not among them. Cunning kell had nat hiuto the villag, to look for Mr. PRiac. The others stood, staring and bewildered. Mr Trent had been among th mn telling them that a runalay convict, who lookedI a little like MIr Prince, was in there lud that )Irs a rince, who they all knew was mad, had taken up the notion that he was her husband., Kenrick Prince did not look much like d himself. Ils clothes were soiled and torn he had on a colored flannel shi t; but for the kindness of the frind. a yooun t physician in the sick ward, ,ho hal helped h'n away, he would hare been wearing the convict stripes. i The-e ecrvatds of his mnother's-thea men i an I women who were callet upon now t, -ay whether he was Kuarick 'rinre-hlli never before seon hitn o'herwier< than t ele?airly an I feuitlesl attirel. His h?ir was cut close, his handaom- 1 !eard was gone, and his fart, boshies b ing thin and emiciated ant diifieurt by a dark lump on one temp'e, made by Jasper', fit. y looked rnoch and stranZe with the new I tgrowtih of short beard rljo it. It was searcely stran2e that, having a, reptet Jaaj.r as Kenrick so long, thie t ishould he unable now to recognise this c frightfully chalc,,l Kenrick as hinsleil. y I'otr enurick threw up his gallant h'at proudly and looked at them. lie was sov sure that these, h:s mother's dependanrts, who hit known him ard love I him s, short I a time ago, wool I stand hy him now eagerly. tint when Captain Iamuing questioned them, they only lookel scarel ant coufuiod and were dumb. Kenrick drew h's breath hard, and a cold thrill ran through him. " Now then, will you cone, and no more [ foun?" said Captain I)nnnt g. You see none of theie people wit own you " Sibyl's beautiful, infignant eyes were i, flashing over the group of dumb, half s'unnedl servants. They tell on the shrink. in, cowerin'. chsatly-facet housekeeper. i ' Mrs Turfit " she cried, "you will not ricny him,, Yot brought me out of the o ter in the night ti sece him" Tne woman did not utter a word, only .ung h hhear 'l, shuddering, and tried to hbide be-iind the others. M" Mrs Turfit." callel Mr Trent, very per. .ip:orily, "' hbe n goof as to step out here f a?Li tell us what you know ab)rt thi I:0,in ss!" ' The trembling hounekteper di.I not dare Sf:ue. She came forward s!owly enough an I without looking at anybody. "Come, come. madam; there is nothing 0 to be scarei abat," Mr Trent sail. tut the woman knew better 1 "Did you." pursuel Trent, "ever Fee ttii f n in, who is pretending to be Mr Kenrick P'r n e, till in the middleof last night, whe , .,r real Mr Prince cane to your room and .1. on to bring a lunch to his apartment ? :I1 when you til it yoi fnu I this fellowt Sth him? Is that sol" Irs Tarfit knew by his tone what was~ ha,,cted of her, and she answered, with a "'Ye, sir-yes "Mr Prince toll you then, did he not, that the fellow was a disreputable relative of '.is whom he wished to hide and shield, and askel you to help him I' .\gain furfit knew what wua expectel, an t rl:ervli forth a shunderi:,g attirmation. t She was shul fering and shaking so she old scarcely stand. the mean ant selfish creature had one soft pilac" in hier brr.i and cruel heart. It ,v.t for geurice trnc', and she was called ;p ,n t, ibetra. thm--:h' only being in the .hnle worll bihe c?ri'i for testle herself. 11ut she loved herself best after all, so she . i t. l"itick stol a mrnent staring at the I, in' wsoman. ghastly wh:te and as if trtnel l s'I ,One. Ten, puliing Sh'bl fronm him. he rte iortard atni caught Tufit ti rely biy !e trt . i Ya, too O--)O ' he ieterel, in a voicr 'art'" ilt rage a d t rrr. " Nol'" whbispr,,l Trnt-" now is your -:ne, captain Qick I'll klhp M1tn. 'i ince." CIIAI'TEIR XXXVI BET:RAYti:D Ihey fell upon hint like wolves-the two a .iht:nts an't Caplt n t IDunning. Now the bracteets !" Quick as light the ign'lminious fetters cl-lipd those pale and wastel wrists. Kenrick made no tight Ile :outl not if h? had tried, for he had not the strength. lie stoot looking at them-at Captain 1) lnting with such a contc.mptnous light iu I h's tine eyis, his handsome lips curved intoa .nitlmptucus smile, that the rsX?vperatrI w.rdon wnthed, though he beli:ved he was only doing his duty. A cry that was more like that from some wJa lne I animal than as though it came iria human hpi, b.oke from .Mis Turfit. Sbvitu ra le one t sperati: attemnpt to reach her buhitnd, anl stool still, barrel tlim hi n byv Mr Trent. " MrsTur:it :" drawlc thbdisguise I voice, om'nmandingly. And the trembling, shuddlerin, horrnr atrlctkn creature dare not refuse oltelleuce to that call. Sw; I ito , at bay. She li kedt from one .o the other. She felt that if she per.sistd a trying to nach her husband they would 'op her by force. • Youn are a false and wicke wo'naan !' 'he said to Mrs Tartit, wh- ilusiled and brank at the words as if they had been b'ows. Ihn she tunel upon Belle: " You are very cleverly diiguised, Lucy h'enner, but I knios you I What have yiu lose with tr Itick Italsey! H Iare you hid him under a woman'" guise, as you are tr ing to conceal yourself ni ier a man's 1" le;le recollel at the hirnt wordis, but was ncrelf again or himsif, as you litr), before Sibyl hlsd finished spenaiug. She glanced sharply at Mrs. Tnrit, and saw that the housekeeper did not seem to ars nuderstoue Sibyl-too much over. slelmel with her own remorse and horror, pierhlpL "The poor lady is taking me for a woman now," Belle drawled, in her most T'rentish tones. "Captain Dunning:'espoke Sibyl, raising her voice. " Did a womman escape at the ,ame time with Rick Halsey ?' Captain Dunning started. he had been riguely conscious of something familiar about Mr Trent all the time. ite knew what it was now. It came to him like a 'ash. le wenttowardhim. " Belle," he exclaimed, in low, agitated, reproachful tones. A shudder ran through the disguised woni., A dread misgiing concerning all the probable consequenzces of this discovery rushted over her. There was no possible use in denying herself. She knew that whomeverelse she might deceive, she could not impose upon her f.ther. lie knew her better thtan Sibyl Prince did. What to do about Jasper was the next question. Could she still make her father believe that Kenrick Prince was Itick Hialsey? She looked at Captain Dunning entreat ingly. "W\Yait,' she whispered "It is all right. Leave Hals y with the men and come into the other roon with me." ' But how about Irs Prince '?" he aslked, "Oh," glamnig angrily at Sibyl, "she is never vrolent l Wo can attend to her afterward." aTey went into the bedroom and shut the door. Captain Dunninglooked pained Ian don't like the loolks of all this, IBelle," he said. , What does it meanl' BeUlle laughed, but in a most unpleasant Simply that I am here on the same bustine'ss, irtualy, you are, and I had to disuise myself very artfnuly to keep Rick from knowing me," she answered, boldly. Captain Dunning looked puzzled. III don't know what to make of you, Belle. You came there to the prison and made me think you had got entirely over your fatal ifatnution for that wretch, and all the while it was only a scheme to get near him anrd help him get away. ou I helped him scape thea; now "Now," broke in Belle, with an air of bitterness and rancor, " I have forgiven him for the last time. lIe has repaid me I for all my goodne.ss to hi: with new abuse anI, neglect, and I want to put him bas:k hehind the bars again and keep him there. I guess, father, I have got over my infata' a ation at last." Dunni:g was cnmpltely deceived. "My poyr Helle--my wrong'd, unfor tunate chil ! llut why this extraordinary disguise ?" he soid. " It was thei only way I m?uoll obtain a footing in the house and find if he was surely here. lie would have known Ine in any other gui'', and would have gone away befoire I coil send you word, as I meant to." 0" nd you think you are surely cured at let '" he questioned. " Yes, cured !" (elle sail, firmly. " ie can't have any suspicion regarding you, or he would hrdly fall in with Mrs t Pri:;c s fancy that he is her husband so rea lily. 1I, is a bold one, and a sly one. ,rell, I don't think he will get a v sy again till his tiom is up. I hope you reilly ar' , cured, Iell.' I will get you a divorce, and yiu can yet marry some decent man. per h1ps. You will canme home now and stay r with your p1or old father. won't you ?" " Preaently, father." she said, avoiding his eyes, and ashamed in herteart-which was a loving one in spite of all-of the pant she was playing." " You ha I be't"r c vne with mn at ones (let rid of this dreslful disguise, anl comes with me now." " That is imtOtosih'e. I will join you soon. I can't go no.." "I dsa't Ihke lehvian yot hero. Aol hos f about this man Prince! lie is avoiding me, isn't he I" " I hi ,k so. You see, Halsey is a sort of rel irve, distantly, and he has been conceal. toi his. I presume he prefers to keep out of the way till you are .ne" " the; look any il kt I' " 'iTh accounts partly fo" that lovely young wife of his taking ,p the freak that Ilalcey is her husband." "lYes, of course Get him away now. father, as quickly as possible, for my sake I want it over and done with. Mr I'rince micht come in on is? and then there would. te a scene-epecial!y if he learns how MW r p'rice has been going on with la!sey." t They opune I the d, ir an I retunned to the oth rs. Sibyl had diapp?areo1. The ins'ant they hat left the room, Sibrl dis?ngaged herlcif I frm thei daz?' hus'keepr rith an im p.riouene. s which the waman could rot b withstanrl. She ', nt ta. Kenrick, whose copt'os were loloking and feeling rery nno'mfor:sble Not , that hrv dotelt thoir prislner tr ion Ilal. se:y. bat h.' wxas eartainly a delicate, refia d t tentleman, whever be wa', anl his svt, a han lisme. unhttopy f e' touch'd them. D op lon in their hearts they felt that v s s,o.thin,: i was 'rog-j tst what they coahl nor tell. Sibyl's e?atordiniry loveliness, too, im- c pre'?.d them. " Sae loks too s Beet and beautiful to I.e e' ty," they whi p.rol to each other, more than: one". "lhstl n," sit Si?hrl to her hsthan 1, " we hive ai few minutes more. Try to think of 'om..thin'. Yeaou ee, we are tooth so horrihly tie t-i-:o t ciuse th'y a I persit in It)li,:re ir?g yv.u IIsisers; I blrea,?e they say I am mrvl. If wa, hal o:iy one friend I I cln't b at to have you go Sack to that horrible prto?-v'ou m ll ? n I owek. You will die ther. Itefor, hlp can co,:ie I" "I can sae' I it. I erA'tst lsd tilthats " K.n rick mu :r for h. * It is you I fear for. I b ;-in :', .t I n'ver d;d hbefore what a cr. m ,-re ,s'," Il ci :i,:! villai1 .1tper is. To tiin' rf h s Icr ith i.-1 in c'iimrni ypn. pre trl liie itht eo ate hs vlfe I lie will d I .i trs-' th; ?l ~'nr than be b eat it now I am :fraid he will try to pu' you in an in. •t;e asvlunm. If we coulll onlr fin t lenm, S byl-if we co uh only confront him with Ca'tain I).nn o, I' .lhst at this jr?nctor, Mrs Turfit, will. eyed and' white with f, ar f the rueqt' nfCes of her cen Bari'g, pit ' er tremoliug hind o t Si y.'s arm and Idrew her ear d?iin to her Fip.. " I'm almost cure," shoe whisperel, barely ti, she cnul I ih h'ard. " that the II-, y one i n tolt !r. 1ise watcheld thhes. rooms ,ill the mor:ia.t, and I never saw him go out ; nor he ain't gones, it's my opini n." Sthyl dat .1 in'tant ly to the door of the r Im In!litscatl. It wit locket, the key reposing in Mr Tr eat's jeket. lint M31r Turfit, in lher capacity of house" k -elper, hal a duplicate, which she whlpp;ld oat and gave h r. Sib) I, perei the ,lor and we,,t in b11i Th apartment was a sort of dressir.g-room anl Strt roenm combinte-. r.ere was no ot'ne in it, but a d or opposite t:! on' Ihv which rh: ht-I entered st.ol ia;,:rt, :t t ane wa saure she got the gltmpse of a iair of glittering eyes at th: crack. As she went towarl it, the crack disap. p aretl anit when she tried to open the d«.r, though it was nrt loeked, she rouldl not do as. Oome heavy weieiht, h:ke s ms + one stan! ily,. seemdl asin t it. l"he triedt it for a nmoment, and was turning away to seek her'p, wh'n she was suidenly confrontled by 3Mr Trent. Onla for an instant, however. Mir Trent, alter one rasiiig glaner, dlrew back quickly, shut the ldoor again, and lockel it. Sht was trapped I CIIAPTEI XXX['ll. JAMIES REFSE SEES TIIE GIIOST AGAIN. "G iet y our man out of the house with as little delay as p.iblte nor," Ielle said, in her Trent voIce, to hPr la'ter. ' Itw:llsare trobtle if Mrs l'rince does not sae him gp,." l',s)r Kenrick stood for a moment like a starne of desp?lr. The pallor of tia dlelicate face was almost frighitful to see. And he couli do nothing, a'sslutely, Weak. fetterd, about to be draged off i.g noniniously to prisaan as another man--what couhl be do, A c'srn broe fros his Chite an quicver ing lips. Twi or thr'e teas, wruno f srth by his m rtal ainet rollet dI 'in his ch ak. Capt in Dauniig av viel hi i face at the sight. \'i:ain-vilest of the vile-as he bh. viereI K .nrick to b', he could not look on thsei I'eksa of appreat a floring unaot'e,. " If iw he hares to go hausk to pli:on," he thought, anti was amazel to find himsealf patling the wretch. IHe gave the order for dleparture. The two men who had hold of Kenriek rated him along, not roughly, but strongly, with decision. The unhappy young man turnel his wilI ant ansguisael face tl'l.d the group of :staring servants.I "" I there net ose among you to speak uop for mel" he crien, in deprstate, almost tierce, acecnta. " Georged ltoe, who cot Maalm huel to take you on here at the Hall .ithoat a character! Lizzile Travers, wh gave your old father the money to keep him Irom l.?,ng the Ittle home WVho sit niup oith y?o In the fever, Yred Stacy l Yoe can't rememtbex--you don't know me-not one of you I" There he aldesslrced looked frightenel anil stailcd; as did the others. Iat they dlid not know him in his changelD aptwaraice, atid they did tfirma y believe Jasper, whJ had been pretending to be his brother so long, was K.nrick. Yot on, of then uttered a word. All ishrank and cowered away, as if afraid of h-tu. Kenriek stagger d, and leaned heavily on his guards. lBetweeno weakness and agitation, it was as much as he could do to keep has feet. They had almost to carry him. As they reacboh the herd of the grea; stairs, James Reese appeared, returnai?t from the fruitlesemqest on which Bell? an artfully sent him. She was more afraid of this one old man recognising Kenrick than of all the rest Spu togethese stood aside to let them p~a , a srrowful look in his kinl eyes. r e started violently at sight of lKenrick, and his facr took on a le ne, livid hue. " wit athe-the ghost!" he stammered, Swildly, starinp if his eyes woeld come out d ht hola With a sudden, unexpected movement Kenrick threw himself forward and laid his manacled hands on the old man's breast, pressing him back against the heavy, carved oak banister. James Reese, d n't you know me ?" he almost shrieked in the startled man's ears. "Mr Prince," uttered Reese, brokenly, and in frightened jerks. "TYes-sir. Yes -I-know-you. Did-I-ever-say-I didn't, sir ?" "Captain Dunning," drawled the peculiar tones of Mr Trent at this moment, " that old fellow is one of IIalsey's confederates. I know all about him." The warning, coming from the source it lid, had weight. " More on! move on I" ordered Dunning, to his men. "Take him along, whether or no." They obeyed, in spite of Kenrick's fran. tic struggles, his wild prayers and en treaties. Hut suddenly these ceased. Kenrick Prince, weakened already by illness, in juries and wicked drugs, had reacher the limits of his powers of endurance. Exhausted nature gave way, and he fell into a deep swoon, from which he did not rally till he was far away from Ruellen Hall. And so they bore him away. rhe old gardener following them with horror csticken eyes. ile made some attempt to interfere, to question, but was so rudely repulsed that he gave it up. It was an incomprehensible business to him. If he heard what Belle called out to her father, he did not understand it-certainly never dreaming that she meant him. Belle, as she drew back after the de ptrture, felt that though she had won the oattle, it had been at bitter cost. " I am not sure but it has cost me more than it would to have lost it," she muttered gloomily. "That is an awful thing I have dine, sending that good, unhappy man to prison in Rick's place-after all I promised his mother, too-promised and swore to per form Andall for what ?" She smiled bitterly to herself. " Mter all I promised myself, too, about revesge for all Rik has made me suffer, this is the way I take it. But there is time enough yet.: She looked up and saw Mrs Turfit watch ing her The servants were filing away towards the kitchen to talk it over. She was recalled to herself, or rather to her assumed self, by the strange expres sion of Mrs Turfit's eyes. " Well, what are you looking at ?" she demanded, in her Trent voice. " I am looking at you, Lucy Venner ' the housekeeper returned, with a vicious air. " Give me back them rings !" " Those riaga, you mean," drawled Belle, with an indescribably m'ckirg accent. " Ihe rings you stole from poor, dead Madam Ruel's room ? Mr Prince and I cm both testify to that." As she spoke, Belle pushed Mrs Turfit, unresistingly, inside the room from the corridor, and followed her, shutting the door. " le is no more Mr Prince than you are Mr Trent !" burst forth the housekeeper, with blanched lips, " and I wish I had told Captain Dunning what I know about the two of you!" " Yes? What a pity you did not!" Belle arid, with ccol insolence. " It is not too late yet," the housekeeper r torted, defiantly. " 1 think it is," Belle said "You don't suppose he would believe anything you could say about Mr Prince now ? As for Mr Trent and Lucy Venner, he knoas a great deal mere about them than you do. It won't work, Mrs Turfit. You will do well to mind your own business, and the less you say about those rings the better for you." Mrs Turfit was quelled, as Belle saw " Now," said nelle, " I want you to go at once and see if the rooms in the tower which Mrs Prince has been occupying are in good order." " What for?" the housekeeper asked, asllcnly. " T'hat is none of your busincss, but I will tell you," Belle returned, coolly. " Sirs Prince is going back to them for the present." " For the present ?" persisted the ho:; o! ee *er, "and t ien-" oelle gave her a queer look. "Oh, her husband will decide that," she said. "' Perhaps he will take her travelling." " Travelling, indeed," muttered Mrs Tarfit, as she went away on her errand. " I know what the pair of rogues mean to do, and I wish I knew how to balk them, and dared do it" Belle went back into the room where she had left Sibyl. As she opened the door, she was wonder ing-as indeed she had wondered ever since she locked it-why all was so quiet there. Why had Sibyl not made more fuss ? It was not like her to accept a bad situation so easily. The next moment her passionate heart was beating wildly with yoalous rage and hatred. Sibyl was lying back in a large easy chair, her eyes closed, her lovely face cold and pale, as though she were dead. On his knees beside her, Jasper was chafing the slender white hlands eagerly between his own, and every now and then pressing his lips to those soft, snowy tingers. Inwardly raging with fiercest jealousy, Belle went in very quietly, and Jasper, in his utter absorption, did not know she was there. (To be cntinuaed). 