Special Service at tlie Cathedral AdilrcHK l>y tlio IlUlion nf llntliunit. TUE Right Rev. C. E. Camidge addressed i discourse to young people, nt the Cathe droJ, on Tuesday evening, to n, congregntior comprising members of all denominations Dr. Cnmidge chose for his text 50th Ps. anc part of the 12th verse-" Thy vows are upor me, O God." He thought there was wisdon expressed in the wish of the one who had thc care of their souls in this parish, that he should address his last words more especially to those who are young, to whom we must look for conducting the affairs of the Church. It is from the older members that we must be taught stability and firmness. If we are to have a strong Church, we must largely de- pend on those who are growing. He trusted what he was about to say would stimulate and encourage those that are young, in undertaking and carrying out the work oj God's church upon earth. First of all, we must look at the writer of these words. If there is one thing more than another respect- ing the Bible, it is that the Word of God is true. If you fcike up a modern biography, you generally Und the failings of men are passed over or omitted, and their good quali- ties are chiefly noticed. But the Bible describ- ed nil impartially, and at this great distance it gives us a very good idea of the character of tho men that it describes. Ho here gave tho historical events that led to David being called to the throne, and of his fearless and successful exploits through trusting in his God. It was afc one of these times David .wrote the Psalm from which the text was taken. They had first to consider what a vow was. It was a promise of a sacred nature made to God. There were various kinds of vows ; but wbnt this particular kind was we know not, but most likely it was an intense kind of prayer. Prayer was sometimes made by the utterance of the lips only, but one might vow in spirit to God what ho desired God to accomplish and his vow enabled him to carry it out, and he trusted God would give him a reward. We have seen David exposed to terrible danger, and our position in the world is this. Wo arc each of us sur- rounded by one who is our foe, and he has been described in various ways. Some sup- posed him to have been a former ruler of tins world, and of a race that had passed away on tho advent of a new race, consequently his hatred of the first men placed upon the earth after the departure of tho former. Although a creature of God, or created by Him, he is not omnipotent, but with the legion at his beck and call, he might bo almost regarded as such. He has tho world, the flesh, nnd himself, a mighty trinity of ovil, which you mightsuppose were all-powerful to crush the lifo out of an im- mortal soul. How is it that man does good in tho fate of a foe like this. It is against this (.ninty of evil that the greater Trinity is nrrayed of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. It was to combat this prince of darkness that the Son of God came to earth, and suffered on the accursed tree, in order that man might live, that the sun itself was clothed in sackcloth to rescue man from the penalty of sin and death. The Son of God felt it neces- sary to die, in order that justice might reign, that men might be rescued, that the great trinity of evil-Satan, the world, and the flesh - might be proved utterly powerless. Now you and I have our vow, which is the vow of renunciation, that is to say "No " to the pleadings of the evil one. He ventured to say that this was the hardest thing a young man had to do, to say "No" to tho companions by whom he was surrounded, and who endeavoured to tempt him. Tho bravest men who fought the foes of their country were those who ventured to say " No, I am determined to do tho right thing, lam a soldier of the Lord Jesus Christ, and as such, will dio for tho right rather than do wrong." We have also undertaken tho re- nunciation of thc icorld, that is to say, of everything that would fill our souls to the exclusion of Christ, not so far as thc world's ordinary pleasures aro concerned, but those ' things that would keep Christ out of our souls. We also vow to renounce the lust» of ¿he flesh, that Is, things in excess. God gave tts many things richly to enjoy, but if we carry them to excess, and act contrary to tile teaching of our own conscience taught by tho Holy Spirit of God, wo aro then pur- suing tho desires of the fiesh, and yielding to the lusts of tho flesh, instead of striving to bo obedient to the will of God. We also are to 7ceep thc faith. We must accept the Bible as tho Word of God. There are many things said against tho Bible, and men of science have made some wonder- ful discoveries, yet each and all of them went to confirm the truth of God's Word, and proved in tho light of advanced science tile Bible maintained its position as the teacher and guide of men. We also vow to undertake-to walk in the path that leads to everlasting life, and thus by God's will to keep the vows of renuncia- tion and obedience. But ¡tis quite possible some young man listening hero might say, "This teaching only belongs to those that are confirmed ; I have not yet advanced to this, and consequently such things are not required of me." Whether confirmed or not, you stand in the presence of an eternal God, and he requires you to keep his command- ments, to regard Satan as your foe, and in the end requires you to provo yourself a good soldier of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Another question may bo asked, "Does ifc matter whether or not we keep or ' neglect these vows; does anybody know about them Ï" It is taught by science that every word uttered excites a certain wave of . aiiyaud the sound is thus impressed on space, never dies out, and is thus stereotyped in everlasting remembrance. Each word you utter against the Lord is recorded as well as those you speak for Him. It is re- ported of a certain prisoner who was being questioned that be was informed what he .replied "would not lie used against him, and . lie with this assurance replied freely to the questions put to him. But his ear, sharpened by. the position in which he was placed, caught the sound of a secreted scribe taking his answers, and nothing could induce him to give further information. You and I do riot know what records the Eternal God keeps ; we know not how He keeps his Book of Remembrance, hut if we take the Word of God as true, we can fully understand that every word we speak, every action wo per- form, is recorded, and when the great day of final account arrives for the judging of quick and dead, it will be known full well ; whether in this world we have proved ourselves true soldiers of the Lord, or, not having recognised our position have . broken ' our vows. Our fellowmen might look upon us us straight-forwurd ' persons, ; ? . but God will be the sole judge as to : whether ' ¡we have broken our vows. Not merely do I impress upon you the great importance of living ats you should do in tho sight of the Eternal. Goil, recognising that in doing your work you should do it for him : but euch of you is endowed with a talent, some of greater, some of smaller influence, but each of us has an influence. We shall bo called to account for the use or abuse of our talents, and let me urge upon you to exert them to the utmost in support of your own church. He was iu formed that only Í) young men under- took Sunday school work in connection with that church. It is true it required self-denial, pleasure must he sacrificed, time and prepara- tion were requifite, hut what was it compared with the self-denial of their Great Master. How ready he was to give up his time to teacli wen, even to give his own life for them. Stimulated by this great example, we should not hesitate to do something towards the high object for which He came into the world. He trusted what he said would endeavour to make young men feel that hitherto they had not done what they might, but that hence- forth they would resolve to come forward to the work. He also noticed that there were very few young men in the choir. No doubt some of them possessed musical voices, nnd they should try and use them for the honour and glory of their Great Master. Looking round upon tho whole range of church work, there was an opening for every young man in the congregation. God looked for you ail to do something; try and do something for a noble example to those around you. Do what you can for tho work of God's church, remember that these vows aro resting upon you, and God knows whether you observe them or not. He trusted God would bless them abundantly, and that his words would bear some fruit, in stimulating more young people to work for the church. He, further trusted that his utterances would not merely bear fruit so far as could be seen by human eyes, but under ' the teaching and guidanco ol' God's Holy Spirit, they might bear fruit unto everlasting life. 