HIS ANGEL, [Br HtE.N'RY HtERMfAN.) (Pablished by Special Arrangement with Messrs. "Ward, Lock, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER Y.--(Cn'otnui,,ed.) 'I had got heartily tired of being jeered at and gibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror against dishonesty had arisen in my young mind under the teach ings of the good Baptist missionary. So I climbed that wall, but when I got on the top I shouted with all my might, and the people of the house were awakened and came out, and my father had to run away vowing ven geance against me. 'After that I dared not go home, but M[r. Casey, the kind Baptist mis sionary, sheltered me for a- few days and nights, and at last he got me a place as scullery boy on the steamboat Wisconsin, running between St. Louis and Dubuque. All went well with me for-a while. From the post of scullery boy I rose to that of pantry boy, and then to that of cabin boy. The purser took a fancy to me andlent me books to. read, and when 'winter came he got me a place on the Yazoo City steamer, running between Vicks burgh and Tazoo Cit, and I passed another season there. 'My good fortune would have it that, on that boat I met the Hen. Levi "Walker, member of Congress for Missouri, and editor of the :Kansas City Star. He offered to make a journalist of me, and I was glad to consent. In his office I rose from one position to the other, and all would have been 'well if, one unlucky day, I had not, in the street, run across my father. He was unfortunately too 'well known in the place. He had been tarred and feathered there, he had been flogged there, he had been in the chain-gang, he had been within an ace of being hanged there. He immediately claimed from me the rights which his ties of affinity gave him, and had to confess the horrible * truth to Mr. Walker. I tried to buy my wretched father's departure, .bnt the more money I gave him, the firmer became his resolution to hang on to me. The people in Kansas Oity were very good to me. They had had time to learn to know me, and they pitied me. '.Mr. Walker gave me an introduc tion to several Cincinnati editors, and I left Kansas City, and with it my dreadful father. I found immediate and remunerative work in Cincinnati, and I stayed there several years. From Cincinnati I went to Chicago, and on my journey from Chicago to New York you met me. Now you know all about me. I do not think that I have forgotten anything of im portance.' . 'l tAn' ain't yew- seen yewro father saiice, then ; ain't y·ew heard from him?' 'asked Kershaw. 'I know of his existence only through the newspapers,' replied Underwood. r They periodically re cord his convictions. MIv mother died shortly after my leaving Cincinnati, under his brutal treatment, that I know also.' ' Waal,' exclaimed Kershaw, 'if yew nin't heerd from him noryet seed him, maybe as yew'll never hear nor see no more of 'him.' " ,' That is not to be hoped for,' sighed the young man. 'I live in daily dread of running across him in Athe street, of his calling at my rooms, of his coming here. If the slightest chance is given him of blackmailing me or you, he will fasten on us like a leech, and it would be easier to get rid of a vampire thtan of him.' 'I've had to deal with that kind of man afore to-day,' said the frontiers man quietly, 'an' they nary once got the best o' me yet.' 'Ah,' replied the young man 'bit terly, 'it is easy for' you to say that. *.Not one of the scoundrels whom you have come across was your own ff.ther. One cannot mete out justice to' the man to whom one owes one's life, and. not be soled" by his guilt. The taint clings, one's clothing reeks with it, it poisons the food, it embit ters the drinlk, it calls up hideous grinning ghosts to haunt your sleep. It, turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it makes good men's piaise a stolen deceit, and all your life one long` reproach. 0 God!' he cried in: a sudden agony, "how can I be rid of it? Shall-I-everbe rid of it? I have never felt it as I edo at' this moment.' The old man cast a scrutinising glance upon him, a long glance fiill'of pity. 'Poor boy!' he muttered. 'The sins of the fathers. Poorboy!' Underwood jumped up ona Sudden. 'You must let me go, Mir. Kershaw,' he cried. 'You really-must not try to -detain me. Don't think me a coward. Ido not go to Europe to run away from him. I go to escape from my self. I love your daughter, and..I have no right to love her. God knows I have struggled, and. fought, and cofitended against myself.. I have tried to be marble, and see the result. I am but human, after all. Pity me, ?by having no pity on me. There is no 'harm dona yet. Let me g6 before it is too late."' In his heated excitement he walked -up and down the room like some 7' frightened, caged creature, trembling in every limb. He grasped the 'decanter' that was standing on the table, and pouring out two glasses of water, swallowed them greedily one * after the other, as if thereby he were able to cool the fever of his emotion. ' Sit down thar,' said the millionaire softly, pointing to an armchair, 'andt let me bide this over. When they've bin cryin' sign, yew've got to stand to yewr rifles an' be ready. Bau that ain't no reason for runnin' away, an' leavin' all yewr peltry behind. Yew've got that thai father o' yewre: an' yew cayn't get rid of him nohow, 'cos it ain't 'lowed to smother him. Yew've got to take kear that he don't harm yew, nor those that like yew, that's all. It's all well, an' fine, an' easy, for yew to run away an' go to Yewrup; but what am I to do with my Angel, who'll cry her eyes out when yew're gone, an' who'll pine, an' wither, an' die, perhaps, for she ain't over strong,-an' she's an obstinate critter when she's sether heart on a thing. No, my boy, yew've got to be a man, an' yew're got to bear yewr load like a man, an' not sit under it, an' yew've got to do it for the sake of the gell that loves yew, an' she's worth it, I can assure yew.' 'But----' exclaimed Underwood. 'Thar ain't no but,' interrupted the old pioneer. ' On the straight road, the honest road, the broad road that lief afore yew, thar ain't no byeways, an' tlhr ain't no turnin's. Thar may be rocks an' boulders, an' big stones all along, but yew're got to sit on yewr horse, an'. jest to ride over 'em. It ain't no use a-sneakin' 'away as if yew wos the guilty one. Hold yewr head up straight young man, 'cos yew're got the right to hold it up in spite of yewr fether, an' if so be as anybody challenges yew, yew say, "Go an' ask Dan'l Kershaw for my character," an' I guess Dan'l Ker shaw's pur-ty well known from the Platte to the Canadian, an' from the Rockies to the Atlantic; an' if they come to me an' say anything agin yew, tley'll soon find out the truth.' 'I don't merit this, Mr. Kershaw,' said Underwood, in a voice broken by his emotion. 'I wish I could feel my'self more personally deserving of it. Believe me, your daughter's love, your own friendship, are priceless in my eyes. It is just because I value them so rarely that I tremble to stay.' C'ome now,' exclaimed Daniel Karshaw, 'that better. I guess that's heap better. Tew let me think this business over. But the thing yew've got to do is to go an' tell yewr people that yew ain't goin' to Yewrup, an' yew can start with me as my secretary as soon as yew like. An':mind yew, not a sylab of this to my Angel, not a word, on yewr honor, until I see what's got.to be done.' Miss Angelica was sitting in the dining- room, waiting fdr the result of her father's interview with Hubert Underwood. A trifle more anxious perhaps than on the previous day, and a shade paler,-- the tiny fingers twitched a. little more ner vously, and wrung the gauzy cambric handkerchief in rapidly tremulous agitation. Once or twice her rocking chair came very near overbalancing itself; so erratic were the young lady's impulsive movements, and so forgetful was she of her own safety amidst her hcart's tumultuous doubting prompt ings. She jumped up with a glad cry whien she henrd the door open up stairs, and Daniel Kershaw's heavy footstep on the landing. \- 'Where is Mr. Underwood?' she inquired eagerly, when she saw that the old man rias alone. * 'He is gone out by the front door, my Angel,' answered the pioneer, pat ting her head, 'an' he wants yew to excuse him.' 'Excuse. him?' she repeated, in a dismayed . wonderment. '-Excuse him? Tell me, daddie. dear,' she burst out convulsively, 'is he going away ?' - 'Thar now, dry yewr eyes,' he re plied soothingly ; 'he ain't a-goin' away, not a little bit he ain't. This won't do at at all, yew know. I c?ay't have -my Angel a-cryin, an' a lcsin' her roses. Mr. Underwood not only ain't a-goin' away, but he's goin' to be my secretary, an' yew'll be -able to see him every day.' How those big lustrous eyes brightened, and those downy cheeks dimpled! She stood on tiptoe, and threw her arms around his neck, and kissed him for the happy news he had brought her, and a few mintttes afterwards she had forgotten all about her little troubles and the sorrow they had brewed for her, and the dreadful anticipations that had affrighted her, over the imaginary woes and joys of the heroine of the latest novel. \- Daniel Kershaw was sitting at the big bow window of the dining-room, looking out into the street. He was not an imaginative man, and had been accustomed to deaal with hard matter of fact in a hard matter-of fact way all his life. Ready resource, prompt decision, and swift action had been and were his chief characteris ticS, yet -the present emergency brought a strange indecision in its way. For the first time in his life the sturdy pioneer was puzzled, and he - was angry with himself for being puzzled. A conflict of thoughts and memories surged in his mind, and threatened to interfere with the habitual determination. -He looked upon the street, and the little crowds of passers-by, listlessly, uninterestedly, when, on the opposite side of the road, he espied a man, who rather slank than walked along, casting fur tive glances about him from time to time. He was an old man, a tall man, bent, with broad stooping shoulders. His gait was shifty', and his manner shrinking. WVhilst looking in this direction, or in that, as if seek ing somebody or something, he turned his eyes towards the window where Daniel Kershaw sat, and thereby gave the latter an opportunity of seeing his face. It was not a pleasant face--thin, haggard, and gaunt, and of an ashen pale. A great scar ran across one cheek, and gave it a nearly villainous look. The eyes, bright and piercing, bespoke a devilry not yet extinct. Themouth was hard, with square set jowl, and yet it was a face which might have been handsome years and years ago, before manliness was stamped out of it, and ferocity and brutality had writ their mark there. =is hair was sparse and white, and a small scrubby white beard fringed his cheeks. His clothing, though not absolutely in rags, was of the coarsest, and an unkempt, unshaven appear ance added to the general repulsive ness. As Daniel Kershaw's eyes rested on the man's face, an indistinct remem brance dashed upon him and gripped his mind. 'I've seed that man afore,' he said to himself, and strove to obtain a better look. The man had slunh on, however, and was turning his back. A little farther down the Avenue he crossed the road, and was lost to sight. 'WVhar have I seed that man aforO?' Daniel Kershaw kept asling himself all that morning. 'I'm sure I've seed that face afore.' Whatever work he was engaged upon, whether he were writing, or reading, or resting, or smoking, that pale, unshaven face thrust itself between him and his thoughts. It followed him when he went upstairs to his own room, and it was with him as he sat down to luncheon. So preoccupied was he, and so moodily abstracted, that Angelica imagined him to be ailing, and was profuse in her questioning, and in her pretty solicitude. After luncheon he sat himself down by the window again, and the picture of that face flashed across his mind, but not as he had seen it that morning. The white hair was nearly dark, the face brown and robust, but even more scowling and more villain ous than as he had last seen it. 'I've got it,' he cried. 'I guess I've got it. I was sure I knowed it. It's Mike Turner--Oheeseface MCike- Hellfire Joe's pardner!' CHAPTER "I. O~ T mOwnL. Sleep was a stranger to Daniel Kershaw's couch that night. He kept tossing and rolling from one un comfortable position to the other, now too hot, then too cold, first deter minedly closing his eyes and vowing he would neither see nor dream, then opening them wide and staring at the ceiling in the dim light of the shaded night-lamp. Gradually his unrest passed away, and although winged slumber came not to him, his pulsation became more even, and his mind less troublous in its activity. 'Thar wos ony eight men an' one woman, beside my-self, that knowed it,' he said to himself, 'an' now that's MFile Turner, Hellfire Joe's pardner, as I'd forgotten. Thar wos Little Hojs Harry-some thievin' Blackfeet wiped him out, raised his hair at Two Buttes Creek. Then thar wos lednail Jack -he's gone too. He died in the Staked Plain. An' Bill Clelland too the Yellow Jack carried him off at Vera Cruz. M.artin Brickhead went to Californy, an' got shot at 'Frisco. Bob Allen an' Pat Brannagan got killedin the war. Poor old Ruth has -gone under these ten years. Thar's only two more alive: Butternut Sam-he's keepin' a ranche at Fort Seaton; an' Eli "Watkins--he's made -his pile, an' is loafin' about Palestine, an' Roosha, an' Switzerland, an' a lot more ungodly places. An' Eli an' Sam they're both staunch an' true, an' I'd trust 'em with my life any day. But Mike--he looks harder than ever; he looks as if he'd cut your throat for a dollar. 'I guess though,' he continued, 'he'll find me a tough card. I settled his pardner, an I'll settle him if he runs athwart me, or my Angel.' With the recital of the list of his quondam companions, and the recapi tulation of the events pertaining to the career of each, his power of calm reasoning returned in all its former vigour. The problem of Hubert Underwood's troubles was perplexing enough in its way, and now that vil lainous face of Hellfire Joe's partner added its mite to the difficulty. Early morning came before the frontiersman could find rest in sleep, having discovered a plan which wouMl enable him to do what was right, and avoid all trouble to his darling. When Hubert Underwood came to work as usual the next morning, he found both Daniel Kershaw and Miss Angelica in the library. 'I'm a man as cayn't bear beatin' about the bush,' said the millionaire, 'an' when I've got to do a thing,,,I like to do it an' make no bones about it. I'm a-goin' to speak plainly to yew both--to yew, my Angel, an' to yew, young man. Come, sit down heeair right by my side, both of yew.' Hubdrt seated himself in a hot tre pidation. The old man spoke pleas antly. There was nothing to be feared, nothing but his own heart. - 'I guess yew're both very fond o' one another,' continued Kershaw smilingly, 'an' yew'd both die for one another. That's the way they put it in the story books as a general rule, isn't it? Waal, I've bin readin' stories, too--stories that's true an' stories that isn't, an' I've heard it said, an' I guess I know, that many a time two young people take their oath that they love one another, an' believe it too, believe it hard; but when they come to live witl one another, they quarrel an' fight like cats an' dogs, an' it's mostly the woman's heart that's broken fust.' ('To b continue)di. 