Our London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London. July 13, 1893. MY DEAR CLARA,-I told you that London waa resting. Well, that rest has degenerated into collapse ! We have all been toiling through the " Wedding March" for so long and in such various forms that we are tired to death. The calm has come after the storm. There is nothing left to us now but to "talk it over," and lassitude and laziness prevail. We have acquired that "off" sort of feeling you get the day after you have had a big dinner party, a reception and a ball-when the house ia being restored to itB normal condition, and every- body is out of the way in their own little particular sanctum sanctorum, taking surreptitious 40 or, perhaps, 50 winks, and in a dazed, demoralised, and generally done-up condition. * m m Did I tell you we went to the state performance of the opera ? No. Well we did, and it certainly waa a most brilliant show, but full of moving accidents and funny incidents. It poured with rain for one thing. Of course, we had to start v6ry early to get there at all; for, in spite of J. Pluvius, Esq., being so much in evi- dence, the streets were dreadfully crowded. Papa had arrange with Sir 'Arris (they are quite chums you know) that we should stay in the ves- tibule to see the Royalties pass. We had Bessie Stanhope, a country cousin (such a pretty girl), with us, and of course she was dying to see all the sights, and particularly the " young people " she wished to be quite close to them, but after all it was rather a failure, for lots of later people came in and stood before and in front of us. Wt had to wait some little time, and then camt HRH. and on his arm was his mother-in-law, tht Queen of Denmark, and, unlike the general run ol ladies occupying that responsible and peculiai position, she smiled and looked pleasant. Yoi see she had not come to stay ! Close behm/ them was the King of Denmark, looking so handsome, and proud of the daughtei he bad on his arm, H.H. H. th» Princess of Wales, who was perfectly lovely in Bilver grey satin and diamonds. After them walked the two young princesses, dressed m whû>> with natu* ai flowers in their hair, fastened with diamond stars; and they were followed by the Duke of York, the Czarewitch, and Prince Walde- mar of Denmark. And poor Bessie was so disap- pointed, for we found out that Princess May and the whole Teck menage had arrived some time before. Of course after the Royal party had .passed-it was the usual thing-the mob moved after them, and it was with some difficulty we got to our box. It was a wonderful sight. When we stepped to the front the band was just striking up ** Good Save the Queen," and the whole audience were on their feet, and cheer upon cheer (well bred ones of course) rang through the theatre. Bessie's eyes were fixed on the bride-elect-this girl who had been picked out by fate for such a high destiny The future Queen of England looked very nice. She wore a good deal of composure considering the occasion, and a pale blue brocade trimmed with, frills of satin in pale blue pink and creen, scarcely any jewellery; but, her mother, the Duchess of Teck, was covered with diamonds. In fact it is now quite the proper thing to put on at miny as you possibly can get by hook or by crook. Fancy, you not only have tiaras, and bracelets, and rows upon rows, in fact rivers of them, round your neck; but you positively have a girdle (if you can get it) of diamonds. The Marchioness of Lon- donderry (in white) and Lady Brooke (in pink) were conspicuously adorned in this fashion. The house looked magnificen.t Ropes upon ropes of roses-real, not paper ones-were festooned from box to box, and there were upwards of 600 bou- quets. All the roses that Covent Garden could possibly beg, borrow, or steal were there. It is calculated that more than 100,000 blooms were in the theatre that nierht. Nearly all the men were in levee dress, and lots of them seemed dreadfully uncomfortable. The "Yeomen of the Guard" were on duty, and looked very picturetque. Some people took them for " Beefeaters," but it was not so. The Royal box (formed by five or six boxes being thrown into one) wa« draped with fluted white silk, and made into a perfect bower by garlands of roses and orange blossoms; and the electric light peeped out in the prettiest manner from deep down in the hearts of the rose3 and the cups of the calla lilies. The opera was Gounod's "Romeo and Juliet," with Melba and Jean de Reske, but nobody seemed to pay attention to the performance, and there was a buz, and a chatte', and a rustle, and a flutter all through the evening. The ordinary "bill of play " was on white satiD, with the portraits of the Royal pair ; and the " books of the opera " were gilt edged, and bound in white vellum. There was a fearful trouble to get away. The rain came down in torrents. We waited more than an hour, and then we had to tramp out in the mud and wet, and I lost my temper, and Delia lost her shoes, and poor Bessie was frightened to death, and papa expressed himself iu language of the strongest. Fancy, no carriages were allowed within a mile of the place until the more than 40 Royalties and their multifarious, and polyglot entourage had departed nice and comfortable and dry. It is at such moments as these that you feel that democracy is not such a wicked thing after all. Do you know that the weather has been so fearfully hot for so long a ti » e that all the ladies of the creation have " lassitude " ano1 all the lo. ds have " liver." * There was a dreadful "faux pas" at the wedding. Th« Quean's procession was a little too previous, and when it arrived at Ambassadot s* Court, horrible to relate, there was no one to receive her. Her Most Graciousness looked neither to the right nor to the left, but straight in front, and was not only rigid but frigid. One moment of dreadful suspense ; and then out, in a great state of perspiration and mental confusion, tumbled Lord Carrington and a mob of officials, and fell on their faces in their dust (metaphorically I mean), and wera altogther so afflicted and so sorry that they quickly placated our Imperial and Royal and Only One. They say the crowds in the street were hot those crowds should have been in the corridor where we, the " standing up lunch " guests, were penned for an hour and a half before we could ti et anything to eat, or, worse, to drink ; it was the superlative of hot. Some of the ambassadors were very indignant at the standing-up business, but Mr. Gladstone and Lord Salisbury did it, so I don't see why they should grumble. Last Friday we went again to Henley. It was délit, htful to get once more on the river after the ¿eat, and dust, and rush, and hurry of the town. They say poer Lord Carrington has gone to bed foe a week. Nobody but himself can tell what be has gone through these last few days-putting so many dignitaries in their places, and, worse than that, keeping them there. Also, that he has had so mach walking backwards that it has turned his brain, and that he was with difficulty persuaded the other day to ascend the steps of the club in the usual instead of the unusual way. * There has been a great scene m the House. Mr. Dillon, ina speech made some years ago, had threatened that when the Home Eule Bill was an established fact the Irish leaders would markdown " the enemies of the people " for punishment. Mr. Chamberlain called this speech '* a brutal out- rage," and demanded from the hon. member an explanation. Afttr thinking it over for 10 days Mr. Ddlon came down to the House and said when he made those remarks, his blood was boil- ing over with the memories of the massacre at Michelstown, when those innocent men, " as inno- cent as any man who sits in this House," were shot down by the police. Mr. Chamberlain, with admirable patience, waited till the explanation was finished, and then pulverised Mr. Dillon by declaring "the speech was made in Djcember, 1886\. The massacre at Michelstown was in 1887\. " A thrill-a silent thrill-ran through the House, a thrill of Tory joy, and Glad stonian horror. Everybody was speechless. Mr. Dillon sat crushed in an agony, and as white as a ghost, and the G.O.M., who dislikes breakdowns of this or in fact of any sort, sank b^ck in his seat with a look of horror. Mr. Joe Chamberlain is great fun some- times. He entered the other night just in the middle of the now usual scene, and being appealed to, this is what he said : " I have not been in the House long enough to have heard what took place in my absence. * * " I Rantzin" was produced at Covent Garden last Friday night. There was a tremendous house, and during the evening Mr. Ascherberg presented Mascagni (who conducted) with a baton, en- crusted with precious stones. The opera is in four short acts, with a tiny thread of a story. The music is curiously reminiscent of " Cavalleria," and somewhat pretentious for so purely bourgeois a theme. P opie who ought to know consider it a decided retrogression on the part of the com- poser. Melba created the part. * * * Phil May and his friend, Mr. Grew, returned from .'he States on the Royal wedding day, and found the GRAPHIC office covered with flags and monograms of G. and M. But Phil was not quite so elated when it was explained to him they were meant for " George " and " May " and not for " Grew " and " May." * * The Duke of York is two inches shorter than his wile, but by «orne mysterious and sole supporting process he, at the hymeneal altar, stood an inch taller. * » Theie is nothing exñting in the theatrical world, and in the whole ot' London last week there was only one concert. I hear that Mr. Christie Murray is in great demand at the Bay market. They want him to play the part of a priest in a new piece by Mr. Henry Arthur JoneB. * * * MÍBB Lois Fuller, the original " Serpentiner," is now "serpentining" nightly at the Gaiety and Shaftesbury theatres. They do say that the limelight men have nearly as much to do with the success as Miss Loie herself, and that it is a shame they are not called before the curtain too. * * The Queen has plaited a straw hat. It goes to Chicago. * * * Mrs. Arthur Stannard (John Strange Winter) has dropped the " Anti-Crinoline League," and resumed the editorship of WINTER'S WEEKLY. * The Princess of Wales is to sit to Mr. Luke Fildes, R.A., for her portrait. *** Lady Eva Greville, sister-in-law to Lady Brooke, is lady in waiting on the Duchess of York. * * * Affluent but Ugly.-She : " Will you love me always, darling ?" Impecunious but Handsome.-He (squeezing her ) : " Adored one." A-but U-. Sbe (rather breathless) : " Ah-h -but-will you love me the same when my money is all gone ?" I-but H-. He (rather angry): "What non- sense. You know we can't touch the principal." * * * Good-bye, dearest.-Your loving cousin, KATE. Henley, from the River. 