WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW r Mrs. H. H. Joinings lives at Ho. 211, M«in Street, Bridgeport, and Hiss Minnie Parrot btwrSs witfi tier. The boose it an oM one, but in good order. One night .e&rlvin; Deoember-ClWl) thetup women locked all the doors and went to tlie theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the front parlor. At about half- pMt eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlonr the merry humour- died out of them in a second. Right in the middle of the room ctood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his faco was concealed by a mast, his eyes glesmiug through tbe eyehole* in it. His shirt -sleeves were rolled up, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled ecreamitg from the room, and when Mr. Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all the doors aud windows securely looked. What was it the women ta.tr i ' . . .. ' During a recent period of HI health, writes an American friend, ' I had slept badly for several successive nights. On - the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a dose by what turned like th& catting of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother justasehe looked five years before, as ehe was leaving home to go on a journtty, on whioh journey she was killvd io u railway disaster I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women goBsips said it was a summons and I would never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. 1 believe that vision oame of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years rbo now.' No doubt it was the nerves. Wby, there's no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Foster, of Darraoott Road, Pukesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:— 'I was so dreadfully nervous I could nut bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I shouI3 call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My ?kin was dry aud yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bod. The doctor said he didn't kuuw what my complaint was. I took nothing but. liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and buue. My memory completely failed. My head aclieJ so dreadfully t thought I shutild lose *ny spnnp», and my friends agreed that I would never get better. ' I had given up nil hope, when one day Mrs. Wes$ of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Motner Seigel's Cura tive Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, «nd by the end of the week I went duwiiEbiire. Now lam its well u ever. I can eat end digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me.' The malady Mrs. Foster Buffered from was indigestiou and -j)-spepsia and nervous prostration. The original ca«»e was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by accident,- and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour t« the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be jour opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and euunds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upsot by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the iiidtde of the person whit sees them, and when Mother Seigel'a Syrup dyes its work the eyes and ears entertaiu only what is natural and whole some. 