Dural. (FROM OUH OORBBSFOKDEBT ) A PLEASANT SUBPBISE PARTY—A party was given to Mr. W. Moulds on Friday last by about a dozen of the residents of theneighbourhood. Mr. Moulds, who has been an invalid for several years, is still Very ill and almost entirely bedridden, and the gentlemen concerned are to be commended for their generous action at the present juncture. Although all who had promised to assist did not turn op, still those whodid, worked like Trojana and put the greater part of the orchard in good order. The promoters are no doubt repaid by a lively sense of satisfaction for having done what they could for a suffering neighbour. THE LATH FIBE.—An inquiry is to be held at Eenthurst to-morrow (Friday) in connection with the fire which occurred there at Mr. E. H. Thiele's residence, and about which there are plenty of rumours at present. Nothing definite has been learned so far to show the origin of the fire. CRICKET MATCH—A cricket Snatch is to take place on Saturday next, 4th proximo, b9- tween twelve of tbe Dural C. C. and eighteen of Galston. Th6 match IB exciting a good deal of comment and speculation as to who will win, but that is only " bunkum," as the GalBtonitea don't stand a ghost of a show. C.E.T. SOCIETY—The C.E.T,F.;Tidd their half-} early social and conctrt on Tuesday evening last. It was a great success, there being an overflowing audience to hear the first-class .programme presented Mr. L. Gallard V.P., presided ; and with him on the platform were the President (Mr. W. E. Williams) on his left and Mr. G. H. Hunt, of Ryde, on his right. Mr. G. H. Hunt gave a stirring temperance address, such as no one can listen to without being greatly profited. He alio related several humorous anecdotes which proved very amnsing to the younger portion of the audience. The musical part of the entertainment was very muoh appreciated. • It was opened by an overture by Miss Amy Gates, followed by the song " The ring my mother wore," .by Miss Emma Moore, which . was nicely rendered. Mr. W. R. Hawkins sapg " The Little Hero," which he gave with his usual success. "Lily's Band of Hope" Was very prettily recited by MissEmmie MourealittlegirlaboutKix yearsold. Mrs. S.J. Moore, Senr., was heard to advantage in "In the gloaming," and Arcbie. Gibbs recited " The Signalman's Child, " prefaced by the reading of the Thirst railway disaster, for wbioh he received great applause. The duet, " Wind and harp," was very ably rendered by Mr. and Miss Hawkins, for which an encore was demanded. An ' instrumental duet by' tbe Messrs. Wilkinson, for which they were re-called, brought the first part of the programme to 1 a .close. After a short intermission the second part of the programme waB opened by an overture from Mias Amy Gates—a splendid performance. This was followed by a song from Mr. W. R. Hawkins, who received an encore for the old favourite, " The British Lion.", Fred. Page, a little fellow not yet in bis teens, was loudly applanded for his temperance speech. A piano and violin duet was very artisticallv rendered by Messrs. Purnell and Cox, and'an encore waa demanded. The song " When sparrows build," was nicely sung by Mrs. J. Moore, sen. The recitation " Beautiful Snow," by Millie Best was splendidly given. Mrs. Etf. Fuller brought down tbe house by her rendering of -'No sir," nnd being reoalled thel^y sang. V Won't yon tell me why, Robii ?" Another well rendered instrumeri'il djist oy -the Messrs. Wilkinson and the s-' ^ing of the ' National' Anthem brp'aght to a cli* < a good and mdeb appreciated programme. - This was followed by the social 1 port of the entertainment, ' when all sorts of eatables were served with a cup of tea, which was very acceptable.—There is a good deal of truf,h in what the president, Mr. WillikmB says, that " There is no telling . Ih6 amount of good a meeting of this ohaiacter does in a district." 