An Ode I'o The Modern Walfca. i 'Tis a kind of mild gyration, 'Tis tho 'Military Waltz ;' A sort of marcho funobre, mixed With sorao vory suddon halts, As your partnor, vainly strirai J To rovolvo, is foroed to stop ; And your manly arm is aohinir, And you're nearly fit to drop ; Whilo tho momonts aro so mettingj. And you onu't account at till, ? : For tho pondorous porsistonoo Of the ' Fairy ' ' of tho ball, Hor weight is but a trifle, If Bho stops upon tho scalo ; ! Sho looks so liko a Zephyr . * That you orowd on ovory. sail ? With a fooling of elation, With a coiiBoiousnoas of poTror, You go, for twonty yards at least, , At forty knots an hour ; But a doadly drag is on you, And, alas ! your droam is false, For you find you havo to wrestlo With tho 'Military Waltz 1' This Waltz, whioh isn't Waltzing, But a droary dullparado Of automaton-lik'o figures, Looking aomowhat ' ready-matle ' As thoy zig-zag, olido and Bhuiflo, Turn round twice, and thon nppoar As if thoy 'really had to ston,,' Thoy folt ' bo very quoor.' Whoro is tho old-time waltzing P And tho wnltzors, whoro nro thoy t Horo's a lady fair I waltzed with Twonty years ago to-day, ' We'll try a turn for ' auld-lang-syno :' ?' She smiled, and took my arm : She weighed about two hundred pounds, But hor waltzing was a oharm ; Hor form was somowhat Bolid, Yot her step was light as air ; As wo floated round tho room, I, Thus, apostrophised tho fair : ' This is tho good old waltzing, Thus jn tho days of yore, -fc Our stops beat timo to th' mWo, On many a festive floor ; I could whirl for hours togethor, For your waltzing is just divino ; And you weighliko the. ghost of a feather, Whioh I reokon a graoious sign That your atylo is correct and nono othor :' Thon sho sighed, as she told of a youth, Who said that' she waltzed liko his mother !' And ho possibly spoko tho truth. FRANK M0RLEY What the Unskilled Applauded.— Let a woman whose sole gift lies in a voioe of nnnnual oompaBO, foroe out the (i or F of the lower ootlve until it becomes more liko the groaning of an invalid than a muaionl tone, or let her squeak out tho F in the third ledger lino until it sounds as beautiful aa the ory ot a pel lap dog on whoso toes ?ome one has stepped, and it will sufliao to fill the hall with enthuaingtio plaudits. Another nonRotrosa, who may bo able to ?ing the simplest melody without giving ono the orampB, and whoso warmth approaohes the temperature of a Canadian icenorg, will perhaps display a flexibility of voioo to rival that of an instrument. Whon she sots up her flroworks and rockets iu the form of Boaloa, in sixteenths, and pieroos one'a tympanum with her infornal trills, with awful peraiatenoy and without taking breath, we may real noanred that tho tmrquet will apring up from its aoat and howl in eoataoy. And still another singer may have the idea that deolamatory expression, or eraphaHis, lot it be correct or (alac, but at all events strikingly exaggerated, oonatituto all of the dr&matio; musio ; that these qualltioa proporly enjoy the privelegea of superseding beauty of tons, timo and rythm ; that they tally BufliOG to roplaao tho real contents, muBioal form, melody, tempo and key. To ? fill tho oxaggoroted domanda of auch bom baatio, high flying, nffectad and conceiiod style, he aasumea tho right ot taking un warranted liberties with most imgortnnt works. Yet, if he brings this syatem of play before a certain pnblio, ho may bo aaourod that the moat lively and honest ontliuiasm will reward him, boaaaeo ho has murdered a great master, destroyed a mastorpieoe, torn a lovely melody into tatters, and degraded a noHi paaaion. Tho Public Letter Writer.— The torivan atill exiata in Rome, although with the Bprend of oduoat-ion and tho public school bis raae ia nearly ril'u. This one boforo ns is A flno.Iooking old man, with kindly eyes and bonovolont expression, whioh wins conQdonco at ones, both from the poAsant girls who tomes to him to write a loVd letter, nnd from her lunlty swain as woll, who t&o; seeks' his aid, both to read the letter and pen t(io reply. Italian letters are1 not liko Englliih ones, full of newa and personal itofna, but fervent epistles, raplote.wllh passion and sentimant and a plentiful aopply 6f oxolnmation marks. Bat in the mdment in whiohwo come upon tho torivano, it ia not with girl or lover that he is engaged, but an old woman, seomingly older even than himself, a voritable old witah who, bent over, and with one hand helping her ear, is listening with all the concentra tion whilo hor old faaultios aro capable of, while the sorivand reads nloml to her tho leftcr she had submitted to him. Who osn realise how preoioua those written words may be to the listening woman for without doubt they tell her of her ohildron far away, tho boy or tho girl or both, whom yours ego flhe used to watoli while at play in the square or by the fountain, and who now, in distant olitnos, aro attrrjcgling to gaina]Hveii hood in sorao strange land where all is in bitter contrast to the light and warmth of ''oara Roma.' Field-marshal the Duke of Cambridge, Commander-ln-Ohiof of the BrltiBli Army, spent all tho early yenrsof hi.B. life at Han over, where his father acted ns Viceroy until 1837, and subsequently at Berlin. Ho is iomewhat of a martinet, nnd speaks English with a Very strong German accent. He ia a tall, finely built old man, with whito hair and whiskers, an apopledtic neck, rtnd a rubi. ound fncp which shows truces of good living. His manner, whon not storming ntdelinqVcnt Boldiery, is bluff, frank', 'and honrty. He is fond of good cigars, good dinners, pleasant company) and a nap after, nnd oven during his meals. The only timo when he hnd tho opportunity of displaying his prow'cBS on a battle-field was in tho Crimea, where he showed great pluck personally, but lost hit head (completely as a leader; He has had many love-affairs, which' culminated in a morganatic marriage with a very estimable woman who is altogether unknown to society, but by whom ho has had a n timorous family. Two of his sons, the Colonels Fltz-Qcorg'Q,' form part of his official staff, while another of his boys, Captain Fitz'Goorgo, of tho Royal Navy, has distinguished himself in tho sister service. He ia a good son, and never lets a day pass without walking around to St. James's Palace to spend unit an hour with his old mother, tho venerable Duchess of Cam bridge, Ho 1b very sensitive to nowspnper criticism, and was reoantly much distressed at being lampooned for haying appeared at an inspection of troops with an umbrella held over his head to keep off tho pelting rnin, Prof- Fischer, of Erlangen, hna discovered that the 'olfactory norvo is able to detect the presence bt 1-2;760,000 of n grain of mcrcap tan. If ' morenptan ' is another namo fo* Yarra Ynrrn, tho prsfossor's discovery will flur;pi - no ono who is intimately ac quainted with tho robuBt flavor of that ' silvery Btrcnm.' ' The Wator of tho so-called medical lnko near Spokane ia soolurgcd with certnin salts '??it it is liko lye, irad la used in making Bonu. Wuj&fi; the wrha blows (tho wavos soon, make sqaiiSuds ot *f he water, tho froth, or ' lather, piling in masses along tho ibor*, Ncf ertholcss, this is no ' He.' ... 