NATIONAL PBOTESTANT CHUBOH UNION. Arohdeaoon Farrar, who was most entha- aiastioally reoaived, said : — It onght to be the mereat matter of conrae that we, aa membera of the Beformed Obnroh, declare oaraeWea to be traa to the prinoiplea for the maintenance of which that very Beformed Ohnroh, aa a Oonroh, exiat. We have In onr favoor, aa we believe, both the letter and the apirit of the New . Teatament and every authoritative docament of the Ohnrch of England. In apite of the Prayer Book, in apite of the Bnhrica, in apite of the Homiliea, in apite of the great ntcerancea of all onr greateat divinea for centnriea, the extreme Bitnaliatio party (and I do them no wrong in aayfng it, for'they openly avow it) have been doing for the laat twenty years, their beat, and are now doing their beat to Bomaniae onr worship, to Bomaniae onr doctrine, onr clergy, and onr whole inatitntion. I can nndaratand, and I reapect the intellectnal poaition of a Bomaniat, bat I cannot so easily nndaratand or ao eaally reapect the poaition of an English miniater, who, being a minister of the Beformed Ohnrch, nnder the shadow of that Chnroh, and in the pay of that Ohnrch, is yet, to all intents and pnrpoaea, a Bomaniat. Many have said to me that they are grieved and hnrt and even indignant at the present state of things, bnt they do not wish to mingle themselves np with the question, beoanae they say, the crisis mnat come, and when it cornea they will take part in it. My Lord Bishop, that aeema to me to be absolut ely a mistake. The crisis has come. We are in the very midst of the oriais now ; and when yon consider the very extraordinary rapid development of what we know as Bitnaliam, I say when we consider what has taken plaoe within the laat ten years, if the Evangelical parly is timid, if they are anpine and spiritless, if they are afraid, either of loss of popnlarity, or from love of. peace, or of loss of promotion or preferment to take their part openly and atrongely in this straggle, they mil have none bnt themselves to thank if, ten years hence, they find themaelvea membera of a Ohnrch which has largely alienated the great heart of the English people and which is to all intents and pnrpoaes Bomaniat. Now I want, if yon will allow me, to illnatrate this extraordinary rapidity of Bomeward development. I take it there are 7,000 of the clergy who are avowed anpport- era of the Bomeward movement — that 4,000 of them are membera of the Ohnroh Union— who are pledged to anpport vestments, lights, wafer bread, the eastward poaition, and the mixed chalice. In the year 1882 there 2,581 Bitnalistio Ohniohea. In the year 1892 there were 5042. In the year 1882 there were 336 only, in which what may be called " Enchar- iatic vestments" were naed, and now there are 1,029. There were then only nine ohnrches in which inaence was illegally need —there are now 177. Then there were 581 which had altar lights, and now the nnmber is 2048. That has been the development, in ten years. Now as far as clothes and aa far aa candlea are concerned I, for my part, am anpremely indifEerent to. them in themaelvea ; bnt they become a very serions matter when they are the avowed badges of a party, when they are meant as a sign that those that nse them are, to a great extant, determined to reverse the position held by onr first Beform- ers, and when they are the sign of teaching principles which we believe to be be nnprim- itive, nnaoriptnral doctrines— and false. The essence of the qneetion Ilea in this extraordin ary rapidity of advance, and, therefore, let me give yon another illnstration on it which is shown by the immense difference of poaition held by the extreme members of the Bitnaliatio party now to those who were leaders only twenty years ago. When I was a yonth I was at Ei's Oollege, London. It was regarded. as a High Ohnrch institntioii. It was under a meat esteemed and venerable head— my old friend. Canon Jelf, who was distinctly a High .Ohnrchman, and it had a High Ohnroh connoil, of which the preaent Prime Ministers was a member. Now in those days we were nniversally taught that the man who was the greatest, most learned, most repreaoLtative, and moat admirable teacher, of the trne theory of the Ohnrch of England was the jadioions Hooker. What ia the poaition that the Bitnalislic party now holde towards that great acknowledged teacher ? I myaelf have known the Enohar- iatic liturgy since I was a boy, and I agree with every principle and every word of it. Hooker says, "It hath properly now no sacrifice " — i hat sacrifice ia now no part of the Ohristian miniater. Hooker aaya " Pieaby tera ' ' I seems to be more agreeable,.thaii Prieak'f r - Hooker says the Holy .Ghost ihroiighoiit the ' body of the New Testament does iiot make so ihnch as mention of them. ' Now I may,..:- mentidn that a few: moiithB ago Ldrd NelaoOi doing me the honour to write about me, said I was an unfair representative of :the Ohnrch'- -x of England bebanao P posed (whatever that ma be) as a denouncer of sacredotaliam and Ohristian priesthood. Personally, my 'Lord' - Bishop, I am profoundly indifferent towhat Lord Nelson thought fit to say of me, or what, . an entire battalion of Lord Nelsons may say." ' ' Bnt I think that it ia'a somewhat' extraordin ary thing that that remark, which I. canx < personally charaoteriae aa abaolntely imjrtinf ' ' ent, ia made to a nian who holea exactly, identically and verbally, the same prinoiplenf and the same beliefs about sacerdotalism and abont a Ohristian Priesthood as were held by Hooker, even by Andrewes, and my late tntor.'ir , the Bishop of Durham' (Bishop Lightfoot), and as were held— I will not say anything , about the writers of the New Teatament, bnt''' — by every great divine of the Ohnrch of Eng land during twenty years ; bnt I might show yon that they left Bishop Andrewes, who was' ''' regarded as a great leader of the Anglicans, far behind them— they even left Archbishop, r Land far behind them, becanae now Apoatolib anccesaion ia made the ababinte keynote of the existence of the Ohnrch. Even Archbiahopr Land said that Apostolic anoosaaicn was a very good thing if yon might have it. He by no means expressed himself that the doctrine. ,l of Apostolic snoossalon could be absolutely proved. I want to show yon that the move ment haa not only left these old leaders far' .1 behind, bnt they have also left their leaders of yesterday. It is well known that Eeble bad. no regard for Enoharistic vestments. 'When ' he went into a London vestry and saw them he looked at them with strange anrprise and ,. showed his dieapproval of them; Dean Bnrgpn' ' '' naed language about Bitnslists that L for one, shonld entirely shrink from using. Ha called j- them "Opngregationaliste," he called them "Sectarians," he called them "Separatists," and he used other words abont them : " A .7, party," he said, " which wonld have been disowned by Ohnrchmen of every age and every school, and, I may tdd, of every clime from the beginning until now." I will only /.' now quote one more testimony of proof. Yon all know that the eminent, able, and beloved Wilberforce was regarded as a Father of the Anglican school, and yon know in that memorable address, that he gave only four days before his lamented death to the arch deacons and others of his diocese, he used language in which he spoke in the most' ' " unsparing terms of Bitnaliam. If in twenty years we have had this enormous advance, what shall we come to in tea years more? If they do these things with the green tree what shall be done with the dry ? There are ' : some things in the Bitnalistio movement which we heartily dislike, and some, perhaps I may venture good hnmonredly to say, we x despise ; but there ara sem# things which by the very principles of trnth and by what we believe to be onr allegiance to the teachings . . of Ohristianity to be the herald of rsligions ' materialism and superstition, and in regard to which it is onr bonnden duty, as trne'and faithfnl members of the Ohnroh of England, , to repudiate with eyery nerve and fibre of onr ' religions conviction. Convocation is nenally regarded as a High Ohnroh body, certunly some of the bodies of Oonvocation are at aU events. High Ohnrchmen, bnt the prayer need in Convocation is that we may earnestly: : repudiate the errors, corrdptions, and super stitions of the Ohnrch of Bome, and we now see how there have entered into the very i heart of the Ohnrch of England some of the things that we, ' at any rate, regard as the most serious of those errors, cormptions, and snperstitions. I should like just to mention three of these, and I do so with the abject deference which is due from one who is " an unfair representative of the Ohnrch of Eng-' land" to so illnstrions a light as Lord Nelson! One of those principles which we . repudiate is sacerdotalism. By sacerdotalism we mean the changing of the English Presbytery into a sacrificial priesthood, which. i means the interposition of a class and casta of men between the soul and the most, preoions and nndefinable privilege pnrchasedi '- for US by the Blood of Christ, which is free, immediate, and unimpeded access straight to the footstool of onr God I We mean by sacer dotalism the putting forward of a set of men as vicarious and not representative ministers, and as men who are supposed to' offer on onr behalf a sacrifice such .as we declare they have no power to offer. Now, here certainly we have the whole of the New Testament on onr mde. Bishop Lightfoot, than whom I can qnote no greater authority, says distinctly that the Ohnrch of England has no sacerdotal system. It interposes no such barrier between God and '' man, and St. Paul said; "Let a man so account of hs as of mihisters of Christ and. stewards of the mysteries of God." The word " priest," which we now hear on every side, aa though it were the proudest title in' the world, is not used in the sense of presbyter, bnt in the sense of a sacrificial priest. It does not once occnr in all the thirteen Epistles of St. Paul. St. Paul wrote ' to Timothy and he wrote to Titos, and he ' used ten different names as the names of ' members of the Ohristian ministry, and the' one name he never gave them is the word "priest." I turn to the Epistle of Peter and ' the word "priest" does not occur in it; I turn to St. John, and it does not once occnr in it. I turn to St. James and it does not once occnr. I turn to the Apocalypse and it does occur ; bnt how does it occnr ? It occurs as a name in a secondary and materialistic sense, and is not given to any ministsrial class, bnt is given to member of the Christian brotherhood, Now, i eay the Bitnalietic party may writhes tney like round the epearpoint of the Word or God ; but it is impossible while we h we as the Magna Oharta of the liberty of the Ohnrob of England the great Sixth Article ; it le impoBsible by any amonnt of sophisni or special pleading, by any amonnt of garbled or mfflnnderstood qaotationfl o£ the Fathers ; it is imposBible for them to convey tothe mind of any man of ordinary religion Indgment the fapt that they do not use as the very keynote of an entire eyetem the one express name which from first to last the New Testament absolatoly refutes and ignores. Oontinned.) 