TALMAGE UPON CHRI8TOPHER COLUMBUS. The subject was —' Half a Planet,' the text being Deuteronomy iii. 27, ' Lift up tbine avei ' westward.' So God said to Moses in Bible times, and so said to Christopher Colombo, the son of a wool-comber of Genoa, more than four hundred years ago. The nations had been looking chiefly toward the East. The sculpture of the world, the laws of the world, the architecture of the world, the philosophy of the world, the- civilization of the world, the religion of the world came from the East. But while Columbus, as his name was called '1 after it was Latinized, stood studying maps and examining globes and reading cosmo- graphy, God said, to him— 'Lift up thine I eyes toward the West.' The fact waa. it must have seemed to Columbus a very lop-sided world. Like a cart with one wheel, like scissors with one blade, like a sack on one side of a camel, needing a sack on the other side to balance it." Here was a bride of world with no bridegroom. When God, makes, a half of anything he does not etop"' there. He makes the other half. We are all obliged aometimes to leave things , only half1 done. Bnt God never stops half way, because , he has the time and the power to go all the way,— I - do -not" wonder- that- Oolnmbns' 1 was 1 not satisfied with half a world, and eo went to work to find the other half,! The pieces of oarved wood that-werefioatedto theahorea of Europe by a western gale, aud two dead human aces, unlike anytning be had seen before, likewise floated from the West, were to him the voice of God, saying : 1 Lift up thine eyes towards the West.' Bnt the world then aa now had plenty of Oan'tbe-Dona's. That is what keeps individuals baok and enterprises back, and the Ohnroh back, and nations baok — ignominious and disgusting and disheartening Oan't-be-Don's. Old navi gators say to young Oolnmbns, 'It can't be done.' The republio of Genoa said ' It can't be done.' AlphonBO V. said ' It can't be done.' A committee on maritime affairs, to whom the subject was submitted, declared 'It .can't be done.' Venetians Baid 'It can't be done.'! Bnt the father of Oolnmbne' wife died, leaving bis widow a large number of sea- charts and maps, and as. if to condemn the slur that different ages pnt upon mothers- in-law, the mother-in-law of Oolnmbns gave him the navigator's materials ont of which he ciphered America. _ After a while the story of this poor bnt ambitions Oolnmbns reaohed the ear of Queen Isabella, and she pays eighty dollars to bny him a decent snit of clothes, so that he may be fit to appear before royalty. The interview in the palace was snccessfnl. Money enough was borrowed to fit ont the expedition. There they are, the three ships, in the Gnlf of Cadis, Spain. If yon ask me whieh have been tne most famonB boats of the world, I would say, first, Noah's ship, that wharfed on Monnt Ararat ; second, the boat of bulrushes, in whioh Moses floated the Nile ; third, the Mayflower that put ont from Flymonth with the Pilgrim Fathers ; and now these three vessels that on this, the Friday morning, AugOBt 3rd, 1492, are rock ing on the ripples. I am so glad it is Friday, so that the prows of those three ships shall first of all run down the superstition that things begnn or voyage started on Friday mnBt necessarily prove disastrous. Show mo any Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday or Saturday that ever accomplished as mnch as this expedition that started on Friday. With the idea that there will be perils conneoted with the expedition, the Saorament of the Lord's Supper is adminis tered. Do not forget that this voyage was begnn under religions anBpioeB. There is the Santa Maria, only ninety feet long, with four masts and eight anchors. The captain walk ing the deok is 57 years old, hiB hair white, for at 35 he was grey, and his faoe is round, his nose aquiline, and his stature a little taller than the average. I know from his decided step and the set of his jaw that he iB a deter mined man. That is Captain Christopher OolnmbnB. Near by, bnt far enough off not to run into each other, are the smaller ships, the Pinta and the Nina, abont large enough and safe enough to orosB the Hudson Biver or the ThameB in good weather. There are two doctoro in this fleet of ships, and a few lands men, adventurers who are ready to risk their necks in a wild expedition. There are enough provisions for a year. 'Captain Columbus, where are yon sailing for ?' ' I do not know.' 1 How. long before you will get there ?' 'I cannot say. 'AuaBnore tnat are going,' is heard, and those who wish to remain go to the land. Now the anchors of the three ships are being weighed, and the ratlines begin to rattle and the sails to unfurl. The wind is dead east, and it does not take long to get out to sea. - In a few honrB the adventurers wish they had not started. The ships begin to roll and pitch. Oh, it is snoh a delightful sensa tion for landsmen I They begin to bother Captain Oolnmbns with questions. They want to know what he thinks of the weather. They want to know when he thinks he will probably .get there. Every time when he stands taking observations of the sun with an astrolable they wonder what he sees, and ask more questions. The crew are rather grouty. Borne of them came on under four months' advanoe pay and others were impressed into the service. For 16 days the wind is dead east, and that pleases the oaptain, because it blows them further and further away from the European coast, and further on toward the shore of another country, if there is any. After a while, there comes a calm day, and thAattempt is made to fathom the ocean, and they cannot touch bottom though the line and lead run down 200 fathoms. More delightful sensations for those who are not good sailors. A fathom is six feet, and 200 fathoms, 1200 feet, and below that it may be many hundred feet deeper. To add interest to the voyage, on the 20th day out, a violent storm sweeps the' sea, and the Atlantic Ocean triea what it can do with tha Santa Maria, the Pints and the Nina. Some of you know something of what a sea can do with the Umbria, the Majestic, the Teutonio, and the City of Paris, and you must imagine what the ooean could do with those three small ships of olden time. Ybn.may judge what the ocean was then by what ; it is now ; it has never changed its habits. It can smile like the morning, but often it iB. the Archangel of Wrath, and its most' rollicking fun is a sbipwreok. The mutinous crew would have killed Columbus had it not been for the general opinion on Bhipboaird that he was the only one that oould take them baok home in safety. The promise of a silk waistcoat and 40dolB. in money to the man who should first discover land appeased them somewhat, but the indignation and blasphemy, and threats of assassination muBt have been awful. Yet, God sustained the great sailor commanding the Santa Maria. Every evening on shipboard they had prayers and sung a- vesper hymn. But, after all the patience of those on board the ehipB had been exhausted, and the great Oaptain or. Admiral has' been ' cursed by every anathema that human lips conld frame, one night a sailor saw a light moving along the shore, and then moving up and down and then disappearing. . On Friday morning at 2 o'clook, just long enough after Thursday to make it sure that it wbb Friday, and so give another blow at the world's idea of noluoky days— -on Friday morning, Ootober 12th, 1492, a gun from the Pints signalled ' Land Ahead.' Then the ships lay to, and the boats were lowered, and Captain Christopher Columbus first_ stepped upon the shore, amid the song of birds, and the air a surge of redolenoe, and took posses sion in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. So the voyage that began with the Saorament ended with Gloria in Excelsi8 Deo. From that day onward, yon say there can be nothing for Columbus but honors, rewards, rhapsodieB, palaces and world wide applause. No, no ! On his way baok to Spain the ship was so wrenched by the tempest and so threatened with destruction that he wrote a brief account of his disoovery and put it in a cask, and threw it overboard, that the world might not lose the advantage of his adventurss. Honors await him on the beaoh, but he undertook a second voyage, and with it came all maligning and persecution and denunciation and poverty. He was called a land-grabber, a liar, a cheat, frand, a deceiver of notionB. Speculators. robbed him of his good name, oonrtiers depreciated his discoveries, and there came to him ruined health and imprisonment and chains, of which he said, while he rattled them on his wrists— 'I will wear them as a memento of the gratitude of princes.' Amid keen apprecia tion of the world's abase and ornelty, and with body writhing in the tortnrea of gont, he groaned ont hiB laBt words : 'In manus tuas Domino commendo spiritum menm ' Into Thy hands, oh Lord, I commend my spirit.' Of course he had real obsequies. That is the way the world tries to atone for its mean treatment of great banefaotors. Many a man has had a fine ride to his grave who during thiB life had to walk all the way. A big funeral, and instead of bread they gave him a stone. Bnt death that brings quiet to the body of others did not bring quiet to bis. First bnried in the oburoh of Santa Maria. Seven years afterward removed to Seville ; 23 years afterward removed to San Domingo ; finally removed to Cuba. . Four post-mortem journeys from sepulohre to sepulchre. I wish his boneB might be moved just once more, and now that they have oome so near to America as Cuba, they might during the great Columbian year be transported to onr own shoreB, where they belong, and that the fifth century after his deoease the American con tinent might build a mausoleum worthy of him who picked thiB jewel of a hemisphere out of the Bea and set in the crown of the world's geography. But the bright noonday sun of that old sailor's prosperity went down in thickest night, and though here and there a monument has been iiztea in nis memory, and nere and there a city oalled after him, the continent that he was the means of founding was named after another man, and no fitting commemo ration of his work hss been proposed until nearly 400 years after his body turned to duet. May the imposing demonstration now' being made in his honor on the Atlantio coast, and to be made next year in hie honor mid- oontinent, be brilliant enough and far resounding enough and Christian enough and magnificent enough to atone for the negleot of centuries. May the good Lord allow that moBt illustrious sailor of all time to look over the amethystine battlements long enough to see some of the garlands wreathed around his name, and hear something of the hemispheric shoot that shall greet his memory. 