THE COMMERCIAL BANK OF AUSTRALIA. The Brisbane branch of the Com mercial Bank of Australia reoom mences business to-day, The following passengers arrived at Ply mouth from Albany, Api.il 25, by the B.M.8. Orizaba :— Miss Blackburn, Messrs. J. Thompson, W. Turner, and E. S. Wright, ; We (8.A. Chronicle of May 28) have reoeived the following telegram, dated Fowler's Bay, May 22, from Mr. D. Lindsay, who 1b leading an exploration expedition into West Australia ;—' Arrived Saturday. Detuned by heavy rains whioh have fallen all along the coast. The prospeota of a goad B?aRon are assured, A in favorably imprtssod with west coast lands. Leaving today,' The manager of the Perth branch of the Comrnuroial Bank (Mr. W. J. Thomas) has haudod us the following letter reoeived yesterday from the Bank's head office, whioh refers to the recent telegrams from London in reference to the compulsory liquidation of tho old Bank :— ' The aotion of the Court in London does not affeot or apply to the new Commercial Bank, It applies to the London assets of the old Commer cial Bank, amounting to a comparatively small amount, say about .£400,000. The Oourt has merely dirooted tbat these asae's shall be retained in the control of the Courts until such time as Iho official docu ments arrive from Australia to enable these assets to be dealt with. The now Bank has sent to London sufficient money to meet all engagements and provide for all outstanding drafts of the old bank as they fall due. Nothing that can be done in London can now affeot the position of the new bank,' The following (taysanAdela'de exchange of May 23) is an extract from a letter written by the Rev. G. E. Bowe to his late oolleague, Key. J, W, Mouland, who labored seven years in the Perth circuit s — ' I feel quite at home already. We had a royal reception. The churoh is an imposing and commodious building, and there is good material to work upon, as the congregations are excellent, and there is a large nuuber of young men attendingthe oburoh. A good tone pervades the people, and the week night congregations are larger than any I know of in Adelaide. The ohor -1 service question is received with - nthusiasm, and I find the officers and workers ready to hail any new methods that promise tj seoure additional inteiest in ohuioh work, Already we have bad indications of tho ftp proaohing outpouring of tbo Holy Ghost. I regard this as a giand flold, and just now wo have an open door.' Rainfall registered ihia morning :— Mt. Barker*/ joints, Albany 8, Bmuioi1 Bay CO, Espernnce Bay 6, Eucla 9 points. 