CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Kennion) performed the consecration service at the Chapel of Ease of St. John's Parish, Moore-, street, on Thursday morning. Shortly after 10 o'clock the bishop and the accompanying clergy and laity proceeding to the west door of the church, where a procession was formed, the choir taking precedence, followed by the clergy, and then came the chaplain with the bishop in the rear, all of whom wore the robes of office. The procession was received at the door by the officers of the church, where a petition was delivered to the bishop to conse- crate the church. His lordship ordered this to be read, and then Dr. Kennion signified his consent to comply with the prayer of the petition. The bishop and clergy, with the churchwardens, then proceeded up the aisle to the holy table, singing as they went Psalm xxiv, , The bishop and his chaplains received the deeds of the church, which he laid together with the petition upon the holy table. Prayers for the ministers of the church, those who would subsequently be baptised and confirmed and others connected with the body were then recited, and then the sentence of consecration was read by the registrar, which, having been signed by the bishop, was ordered with the petition and other deeds to be duly recorded and registered in the diocesan registry. This having been done his lordship declared "the Church of St. Mary Magdalene to be conse crated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Archdeacon Dove then addressed the congregation and appealed to them to assist in sustaining the church. A public social to the Revs, J. Thorne and S. J. Martin was held in the Bible Christian schoolroom, Florence-street, Goodwood, on Wednesday evening. Mr. Joseph Ashton, circuit steward, presided over a representative gathering. The Chairman, the Rev. J. Rowe, Miss Merrotsey, Messrs. Culver, Isaac, and others, on behalf of the congregation, Sunday . school, and society of Christian Endeavor, welcomed the incoming ministers, who heartily responded, Mr. Thorne referring to the early days of Goodwood and the beginning of their , church enterprise there almost 16 years ago, as well as the useful labors of their late pastor, the Rev. W. F. James. The proceedings were varied by songs from Miss Rowe and Mr. Reynolds, and a recitation by Miss Winks. The committee of the Adelaide City Mission met in Stow Church classroom on Thurs day. There was present Messrs. J. M. Dowie (in the chair), D. Nock, C. Rogers, J. Gurr, J. J. Stuckey, and K. Evans, and Revs. F. W. Cox and C. H. Goldsmith, Pastors Abbott, Fieldwiek, and R.K. Finlayson. Mr. Cox gave an interesting report of the work of the past month. The lady missionary (Miss Drummond) had returned from her holiday and resumed her duties; 113 visits had been paid to the homes of the poor, the mothers' meetings had been held, and many had re ceived articles of clothing and boots. The supply of secondhand clothing was much less than the demand, which increases with the cold of winter. An eamest appeal was therefore made to the public to remember the cold and shivering, and help to clothe them. Mr. Berry had paid 327 visits, and rendered temporary relief in several cases. Lower North Adelaide and the south-west portion of South Adelaide were the spheres of his labors. The Sunday school report was given by Mr. Mr. Kirkham Evans, who reported a marked improvement in the conduct of the scholars. The average attendance had been 121 scholars and 22 teachers. Mr. Fance, the superintendent of the Chinese classes, sent a favorable report stating that the Chinese bad been mnoh pleased-in receiving lessons in dictation. The report of a sub-committee appointed at last meeting in reference to engaging another male missionary was presented. It was briefly this:—"We do not consider the present an opportune time to recommend the employ- ment of another male missionary on account of the difficulty of obtaining funds for his support." The report was received and approved. There was a large attendance at the Port Adelaide Congregational Church on Thursday evening at a missionary meeting held in con nection with the London Missionary Society. The Rev. J. C. Kirby presided. The Rev. T. Lord gave a very interesting description of missionary work in Madagascar, special re ference being made to the persecutions the early Christians in that island had to endure. The Rev. J. King then gave a graphic account of missionary labors in Polynesia, the lectures being illustrated by limelight views displayed by Mr. Shakespeare. On Thursday evening an entertainment was given in the Brompton Salvation Army Barracks, when there was a large attendance and Captain Tyler presided. The programme of vocal and instrumental numbere was success fully carried out by Sisters Trott, Kent, Rosenthall, and several of the soldiers. The following personal items are taken from the Christian Weekly of April 28-.—"The Rev. A. D. Bennett, of Port Wakefield, will leave by the Innamincka on Saturday for a month's holiday in the eastern colonies. The Rev. T. Edmeades will be Mr. Bennett's supply during his absence. Mr. T. S. Carey, who was the original proprietor of this journal, returned to Adelaide last week after an absence of about three years, during which time be has been editor of the Australian Christian World and the Launceston Examiner. We understand that Mr. Carey intends to settle in Adelaide. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Hill and Miss Hill returned on Tuesday from New Zealand after an absence from the colony of two years. Dur ing their absence they have visited England and some parts of the Continent of Europe. They return in good health, having thoroughly enjoyed their trip. Canon Farrar has retired from the position of editor of the Anglican Church section of the Review of the Churches and has been succeeded in that position by Archdeacon Sinclair, of London." The Review of May 1 states that the Bishop and Mrs. Kennion leave for England on May 10. A report on St. Peter's Cathedral completion fund is published, which states that at the public meeting held at the Town Hall on April 16, 1890, "subscriptions and donations amounting to £10,903 19s. 4d. were announced. Subsequently, further subscrip tions and donations have been paid or promised, payable in instalments, and sums received for interest, etc, amounting to £4,446 2s. 2d. a making a total of £16,350 1s. 6d. On St. Peter's Day, June 29,1892, and Sunday, July 3, 1892, golden offerings were made at the Cathedral, amounting to £1,023 18s. 7d., bring ing the total up to £16,374 0s. 1d. The sum of £1,100—part of this amount has been pro mised to be paid if £19,000 be contributed within four years from the opening of the sub scription-list. In the month of May, 1890, a contract for the foundations of the extension was entered into, and £668 1s. 6d. has been paid on this account. Farther contracts have been made for building the walls, first to the level of the plinth and afterwards to the level of the roof of the aisles, and £9,511 17s. has been paid on account, and there is still £118, 18s. 3d. to be paid. A contract was also entered into for making an entrance and build ing a porch on the north side of the Cathedral, and £398 19s. 6d. has been paid in respect of it. Since the completion of the contract for building to the level of the roof a few men have been employed at day work in carrying up the towers, and £102 16s. 7d. has been paid to them. The general ex penses for printing, advertising, &c.; (including erection of staging at the laying of the founda tion-stone), have amounted to £450 2s. 7d., and the sum of £325 has been paid on account of the Cathedral lodge, making a total ex penditure of £12,184 12s. 11d. The treasurer has now in hand a sum of £118 2s. 8d., and the further sum of £4,071 4s. 6d. has still to be paid on account of the subscriptions pay able by instalments, but of this amount it is feared that £1,100, the amount of conditional promises, unless £19,000 be raised before May, 1894, and also £300 or thereabouts will not, from various causes, be received. The esti mated cost of the work now required to com plete the Cathedral sufficiently for use, in cluding part of the towers (but not the spires), is £11,000." It seems as if from want of help on the part of the railway and education authorities, and apathy on the part of the railway men, that the railway boys' home at Quorn suggested and commenced by the Rev. A. E. Corner, would fall through. It is a pity that the men cannot see that it is for the good of their children to accept the benefits offered by the proposed scheme. The patronage committee of St. Michael's, in whose hands the sole power of appointment rests, have unanimously chosen the Rev. Albert Wyndham Clampett, M.A., as successor to the Rev. F. W. Samwell, who, amidst general re gret, leaves for the more important charge of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, on May 31st. We have every hope that Mr. Clampett's ministry will, under God's blessing, be the means of building up our people upon their most holy faith, and his past experience in country parishes in this diocese will be a great help in supervising the work which has for some months past been carried on under the direction of our present energetic incumbent. The Lord Bishop will hold his last confirma tion before leaving for England at St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, on Sunday, May 7, at 3 p.m. 