ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, OCTOBER 30. 1893. THE SEPARATION CONVENTION. What muy be regarded as the proto- type o£ the Farlinment of Central Queensland met in session in Rock- hampton lust week, and the report of thc proceedings ' of the Separa- tion Convention will be read with general interest in nil parts of the divi- sion. Not without many uiisgiviugs will the result of them be anticipated. In the minds of many there must arise doubts as to whether they will promote- ur hinder the consummation of the desires of all who uro in favour of immediate Separation. Whatever opinions delegates may profess to enter- tain upon the subject, there can be no doubt theCon vent ion was not thoroughly representative. This was pointed out at the meeting, and could not be denied. The .Separation Longue luis now been in- existence for several years, lt has for its chief object the attainment of political independence for Central Queensland. To that end it hus been making its power and influence felt in the community, and it was par- ticularly active and assiduous in working to secure the return of members of Parliament pledged to sup- port the demand for Separation. The League forced the subject on the. atten- tion of the constituencies, and secured a full measure of support for it. Tn compliance with promises then made, the matter w¡bs brought up in Parlia- ment, and th« demand foi' Separation dismissed by the Assembly. Jluch in- formation was elicited by the discussions which took place in it ; the views of members opposed to it on various grounds were frankly stated : the opinions of members whofavour Separa- tion, but consider thc time inopportune, were stated : and on tho whole a flood of new light was shed ou the question. There was, therefore, much propriety iii ; convening » convention to consider the position of alliiirs generally, and to determine what course of action should be followed. Hut to be of value the Convention should have been com- posed of representatives of all shades of opinion on the subject : men v> ¡(.li minds open to deal with il. under the new circumstances which hilve arisen. l t was not of this character, j however, but consisted mainly of men , who are prepared, by their enthusiasm ¡ and determination, to go for Separation j at all hazards, ¡iud regardless of ronse <|uences. Indeed, there is rens.ui to j believe they cannot comprehend how I Separation could be attended by any: other than the most benelirent. results. ; They were chosen, not by the people { generally, but by those who have already committed themselves to carry on tlie movement for Separation. All the districts of the division were repre- sented at the Convention, hut that the members represented the great body of the people in each lias not lieen made apparent. Assertious upon the subject do not count for much, as we are familiar with the denial often given bu- llio state of the poll to the opinions entertained in election times. Without questioning thc honesty and knowledge of the gentlemen who declared tli.it J the people they represented were to a : man in favour of Separation, we i may he permitted to point out; j that the proof on the subject is ; not wholly beyond question. lt was ; quite evident from tho beginning that the majority of the members wcro deter-, mined to continue the active agitation of the Separation question. Some kindly word» of counsel and advice, from gentlemen whose seri ices in the cause entitled them to some -little deference, were evidently not acceptable, and tlie " fire a volley " stylo of the Salvationists was more agreeable-even the proposal that Sir Thomas AM I wraith should have been hanged instead of ßlantern, being allowed to pats un- challenged by the chairman. If the proceedings of the Convention are to ¡ie regarded as indicative of what we may expect from a Central Queensland Parliament, we cuiniot regard thc pros- pect ns particularly attractive. There is room for doubt, of course, as to the course which should have bpen pursued on such an occasion : ¡md the manner and method of conducting the business must not be too keenly scrutinised. Tt was proper and useful to pass j resolutions expressive of thc views '. of the Convention, and in doing so ! to speak with cogency, power, and pertinency. The speakers appeared to be particularly well pleased with themselves, but what conclusions may be drawn from their remarks in other communities and Imperial circles must afford room for considerable specu- lation. At the opening of the proceed- ings the chairman gave an address apart altogether from the character and aims of the Convention, lt was a dialectic disquisition on the letter the Premier recently addressed to thc Agent-General on the Separation debate in Parliament, and certain features associated with it. As a controversial composition it has many excellent points, but as au intro- ductory speech, at thc opening of a con- vention of great importance, it was quite inappropriate. The resolutions might have been more concise, but they will not fail to indicate the views and aspirations of the Separationists. These constitute the great majority of the people of Central Queensland : there is, wo have reason to believe, a genuine desire for thc immediate management of their own nflhirs among the great body of the people of^ Central Queens- land. They have been forced to demand Separation, because other schemes have been rejected. It is to be regretted, we think, (hat the Convention gave too little consideration to the objection- that t|ic timc for Separation is inopportune. At present the Government hare great difficulty in carrying on the affairs of the Colony, and though it has an experienced civil service, has been cutting down expenditure to the lowest limits, and hus been economising in many ways. With the view of giving a stimulus to the public revenue, of increasing the productive industries, and of providing; means of employment fm' the people,, new schemes have been propounded. Time will test the value of these, and the teachings of experience comeslowly. The financial circumstances of the Colony are such as to give con tinued cause for apprehension. The public creditor is not & nonentity, and speculative methods, as to how he may be dealt with, from theoretical and inexperienced enthusiasts, arc not likely to cítate confidence, or give entire satisfaction. It is to br feared,, moreover, the deference paid to the socialist* will not improve matters.. The chairman is quite prepared to form an alliance with them-indeed, he has. done so already in. the couv.se of his Parliamentary career. Their predomi- nance in the community Ya- does not dread. The Convention seeaied to sym- pathise with his views. It is not long ugo since we heard a go(«tl deal in Queensland about " the i:*w order," and we have not recovered from the attempts-shall we say tile forcible attempts to bring it into svperntion in om- midst. IF.-id it nut heen for the power of the Government then- would have been a new order- hf an un- satisfactory kind. ]f Separation U to include socialism the people should be fully advised! upon thc matter. There arc many fenturcs of socialism which hold ouB the promise of improvements in social Fife, but there are others about the value of which opinions are far from settled. If the socialism to become dominant in Queens- land is of tile belligerent typo illust rated! in the shearei-s' strike, then the Imperial Government may pause befoi* placing; an important colony under its dominion. Lightly as the matter may be regarded by the Separation Convention, it may ' receive more consideration/ in oilier quarters (Utan the members anticipate. Thc vitality that exists in schemes for canal construction has been foo strikingly shown in. the completion of the Corinth Canal, that it would lie unwarran- table to despair of any such project. It is two thousand years,, not only since-the Corinth Canal wu* îrst projected, but since it wits first started. It waa completed and opened' two months ago. Who need dsspair j after Mut of the nan-completion of tiny oana! J scbeiiic he have on hand ? Thc cncotirage i ment \rhich Greece lias just given to the I canal projector ta persevere with his óchenles conies thneonsly. There ure one of tuoof such ! project- In tho world tit piment respecting, I which the immediate fut mn- look« dim. There I Is thc ennui which was lo admit the deep blue i »<itei.- nf lite Mediterranean to the wastes of j the Sahara, and so softMi a tierce climate, lind' . by the formation of a vast island sea throw j ¡ill Central Africa open to commerce by the I eheap transport which would then bc possible. Then there was that other canal which was to- send the waters of the Mediten »noan rushing through the Dead Sea and so m&llifyniid; make habitable that terrible region, (jf snell pro- posals we have heard little of late ; they neyer did get farther than paper, thc last ono it is lo lie teared never farther than thc news- paper, and even from that initial stage they have been missed for some time. Dur there were other two which got to the construction point. Tile Panania Canal and the Nicaragua Canal are known on the Stock Exchange and on tito labour market, and thc former of the two is likewise known in the criminal court. Thc Panama Canal IISB been in a condition of suspended animation for some time. This i was understood to bc the great opportunity of , its rival, the Nicuragna Cn nal. lint, alas : it ' likewise lins for the time being given up thc \ ghost, or to be more accurate, its ghost I instead of being un energetic and active force . has now become passive. In a word, the , Nicaragua CBIIBI Company, like lite Panaura ' Canal Company, has, in the language nf the vulgar, gone bung, and in the i .'-anie expressive vernacular, thc burna have been put in. After spending several millions on tho improvements of harbours, building of railways, and other expensive scaffolding designed for thc construction of the canal itself, tho concern bus passed into the hands of a receiver. Private enterprise was appealed to in vain for the capital required to continue thc tusk, ami Congress turned a deaf ear to thc representations ad* dressed to it that the Government should take over the work. Neither Government nor people will have anything to ila with il, and like its brother of Panama it lies under tho blighting rule of the receiver, lint there is no room for despair in the matter of canals. Nero, who has been given thc distinction of] starting thc Corinth Canal, did not live to see it opened, and it is quite probable the pro- jectors of neither the Panama inn- the Nicaragua canals may never steam through them ; but thc Corinthian Canal has been finished, and with that indubitable fact before him, where is the rash mortal who would declare that the other two w ill never be completed 1 I 