OANON SERGEANT'S FARE WELL. On Sunday evening, October 29bh, fully 800 worshippers assembled in Holy Trinity Church, Williamstown, when Rev. Canon Sergeant bade fare well to his Williamstown charge. The rev. gentleman took for his text the second Epistle or Beter, x cnap., io v. " Moreover, I will endeavour that ve may be able after my decease to have these things always in remember- ance," and said, — As this is the last time that it will be my privilege to ad dress you, as your licensed minister, perhaps I cannot do. better than base my parting remarks to you on the passage of scripture .just read- as our text. .In the case .of the- .eminent apostle who penned these words, there had been, as he informed us, a distinct I intimation conveyed to him . from the inrone, tnao ne was snormyuw pass from his; earthly labors. ! to ; scenes id-, visible and eternal of just men made perfect in heaven. To thisi.effecb he expresses himself >in versei 14.; .in;the terms we now cite- "Knowing .that shortly "I (Peter). i must', put off nthis, my tabernacle, even as our Lord . Jesus Christ hath showed me." . And al-. though, my brethren, . he who now .sneaks to von fthank Godhis in health and strength at present— conscious, of course, as one in his 70th year could hardly, in the nature ; of things,; help being conscious, that the springs of.; life are becoming feebler, . notwithstanding that the hand is scarcely . less steady, or the foot less firm, or the eye less clip- able than when I came among yon some 18 years ago — yet it is .certain -that our approaching separation from each other, will be in , regard to most at any rate, equivalent to. the', final de- parture to tne. better land, wminer lour forerunner ' Christ has entered to prepare for us a meeting place, and a glad home I hope (through his precious I blood-shedding), with; the; family- above I in the many, mansioned house" of the Father. Now,! then, let as. look at the | text. St. Peter writes : — " I will ; en- deavor that ye may be able . to have these things always in remembrance." I WKaf. flilncra 9 Wi> mnef. . rAfor t.n ; f.Vifl preceding verses, and indeed to , the preceding epistle to discover fully what they .were. But confining ourselves to I his previous observations in this chapter, | we learn tab t those to whom this epistle was sent were, as a body,: persons- who had obtained "like precious, faith"; with him (the inspired author) through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ. You see the character of the individuals whom ho was anxious to guiue ttuu uiieuc iu uuo way gvun«ai>iiig — to build up in their mo3t holy faith, that they might be his joy and crown of rejoicing " in the great day." They wore believers. They were genuine dis ciples, of the Lord Jesus. But tho apostle knew well that they needed to be sustained daily by the inward, silent, progressive woming of the Holy Spirit — to be fed with the sweet food of the word of God, tha". grace and peace might be multiplied unto them through the knowledge of God and of Jeans our Lord. Now, my dear brethren1, I do hope that some good has been wrought in your souls by the preaching of the' gospel in this place. I do sincerely trust that the proclamation of divine mercy to sinners here, in Holy Trinity Church, Williamstown, though, it has proceeded often from feeble lips, has not been unaccompanied by. tnat power ot tlie spirit, on which we ministers are dependent for' the least degree of success, and without which, - let me tell you, even a lines senger of light from God's presence, if he could: stand before you, and you were strengthened to" look upon him Sabbath after Sabbath — arrayed in the majesty of eternity as we would:' be, and gifted, as we -will suppose; with the matchless eloquence of the highest Archangel,— though he might delight your intellect and fascinate your mind, and charm your fancy by the sweetness and beauty of his utterances, could never convert one single soul. It is the co-eternal and co-essential spirit of God alone that can do that..... ....If any man be in Christ, he is a new creature.. what means it 1 Why nothing less than a. new creation. That is the import, as anyone acquainted with the original of i our New Testament will inform you.......... If you have as yet been moved by no responsive gratitude : to - Him who so first loved you, and are still careless and Christless,.........then retire, I beseech .you, as soon as you can after this service to the secrecy of : your chamber ; and when you have shut the door, there on your bended knees implore pardon for all past neglect ... .....Keep this, beloved brethren, always in remembrance, that being by nature the children of wrath, we require to be made the children of grace, and that we can be so made by the divine spirit alone. We have the declaration of St. Peter himself that " Christ's divine power hath given to us things that pertain to life and godliness through the knowledge of Him that hath called us to glory and virtue." Such is his statement. And for certain this is so. All that is necessary to flf.imtllftt.A lie lifo nf /rnrittnoea £ you consult the ' scriptures, you ' will find are freely given to us. . . i He so loved the world, you and- me, that he gave his Son. . . He gave Him, Jehovah— Jesus, to live, for us, arid to die for us — to live that the righteous ness of His obedience might be ours ; to die, that through the merits of His death we might obtain . the remission of our mighty and iu ultitudihous iniquities. "Come let us, reason together," saith the Lord, " though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow ; though they be red! as crimson they shall be as wool." \\. ' . "Awake, then, thou that steepest, land arise from- the dead— !the spiritually, dead in trespasses and sins, arid Christ shall give thee light." This, the spiritual resurrection is absolutely indispensible, if we would be saved ; for we cannot too strongly impress on you the circumstances, on- which: St. Peter insists in this epistle that God : has called, us not only to glory, but to virtue, as its. preliminary. . The spirit which truly reveals Christ to the- soul, sanctifies that, soul . by. a gradual work. We cannot cast off in a momerit every evil habit, as we might an old garment; but we may grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. This , growth is but the expansion of the implanted germ of " a divine nature in those who are born of the Spirit. For what is faith without works, without participation in the most precious food of the Lord's table ? It is barren Remember this, beloved brethren, I beseech you. You must be readers of the word of God— prayerful readers of " it— reading systematically, in dependence on the spirit's teaching; To this; be it added, you must be.at tondants at the Lord's table..;;, .X call ripon you; Beloved bretbrerifwHo' have hitherto been neglectful of - the Lord's command, "Do; thisjin rememberance of me" ' to surrender ; iyeqrselves as willing subjects henceforth. to this Kin<» of Heaven and King of love; . ; . aRevere the Sabbath — the public , ordinances. of religion, and the appointed means of grace. They are intended- to./.connect you with Him who is the true light and life of the soul......GultivatP- <.-„ip restraint in wordsl ancl, deeds. - Curb your tongue that 'you- speak neither rashly, nor untruthfully, uorprofanely with your lips Be, temperate . in your language, brethren ;, and be tem perate, I beseech you, in the .use of that, which through-abuse has proved such-, a fruitful: ,, source -: of "misery throughout the wide, world— intoxica ting .liquors /. . . . .My. ad vice .to you is and certainly to all others to, whom the glass is :a. temptation,, to., become .mem bers of- our temperance or total abstain ing societies. . . . .. .These then, are amon" the things which I would: have, you bear in . mind,,. when "he ..who; now ad dresses you is far away, in his.mountain home, in Beechworth ; . or. better still (as the door of mercy , may, -be opened to' the chief of sinners);in .the .liome be yond: the skies, bright in the .uncreated srilnndrmr of H-nrl onrl .tUa T c. . r LUO o-iikuju, iur evertriore. Brethren, death, judgment eternity, will soon be ours. , May the thought of those , three : last solemn things' incite us to a life of godliness, which alone can be. a life of peace What more shall;! say to you 1 Pray for us. Receive -with all cordiality my successor. Strengthen him in his labors. . Give him .the comfort of your assistance, with cheerfulness in the Sunday School,: with alacrity every where, in. all -his: varied work. I ex- hort iyou: to unanimity. Be at peace among yourselves; forgiving one an other. LctrHoly Trinity, Williams town, henceforth, present the spectacle to all other denominations of a united people, a united , church. The Grace of God in your- hearts will enable you to do this ; so will: you go on prosper ing and, to prosper. Arid now, fare well.', May "our ' testimony for Ohrist III uillo pittw prUVtJj 111' ullc <LL 6clu through the. efficacy of the divine spirit, not to have been barren of blessed re sults. And " may the God of peace that brought again from the dead our Lord Jtus, th«at great Shepherd of tho sheep, through the blood of the Ever lasting covenant' make you perfect in every good, work to do His will ; work ing in you that .which is well pleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ, to whom with the -Father and Holy Ghost be glory tor ever. Amen. — "The Chronicle." 