[?] Housing Show Cattle Comfortable and roomy quarters are es sential in preparing cattle for show. Stall feeding is not the best system for show animals. Clean well-haired beasts de not usually come out of stalls. Perfection m coat is a difficult point to attain, but when it is accomplished it goes a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a rare possession, only a very few of the cattle shown at even our national shows being perfect in their coats. Inordinary fattening for the butcher, stall-feeding is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not the only point aimed at — the after health and bloom of the animal has to be considered. It takes a full year, sometimes niord, to fit cattle for the show yard, and to confine the animals by the i head or neck for that period is not the way to accomplish the deBired end. Freedom to move about, or lie down clean and com fortable, can only be afforded them in a dry, roomy looHe box; The superficial area requited from the calf to the aged bull will range from 60 to 200 feet, ac cording to the amount of out-door exercise available, and in the house each beast re quires from 650 feet to 800 cubic feet of breathing space. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may be very closely confined superficially for the period of one year without injury to their health ; but there are more breeding animals ruined from want of room or exercise than from over-feeding. It is very hard to injure a horse by high feeding whefr the work is heavy, and the same law applies to cattle. Moderate exercisB at the expense of a certain waste of food is good economy. Temperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animal rapgea from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo meter in the barn will indicate the tem perature, and the nearer it averages the normal heat of the animal the greater the economy of the food consumed. When the outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weather the heat of the byre can be raised by closed doors and ventila- tors, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the same air; the health of the animal is endangered. All under-currents or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should tbe upper or roof ventilators be entirely closed. Im pure air takes an upward course, and the Ventilators, if they are of right construc tion, will both allow the exit and entrance 6f sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days the doors can be opened, or partly so, as the thermometer will instruct; and After that the only meanB of cooling the air is by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to admit of its use in cattle-feeding. The beBt that can be done iB to have the byres or sheds properly ven tilated and equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration' when neces sary. An excess of light under cover is to be avoided in the case of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for breed ing purposes cannot very well have too much sun and light, but the rays of the sun are only valuable to the cattle-feeder ; when the temperature of the atmosphere is low. After the surrounding air becomes heated the direct rays of the snn can be dispensed with. There ib, however, no artificial heat, such as we provide with shelter, clothing, and fires,- equal to the simheat for health giving properties. We can produce a greater heat than we derive from the sun, but in the means we employ to attain it ihe air is certain to become more or less vitiated. When we get light and heat fro" the sun it is pure and gen uine, altogether different from anything we can manufacture. This iB the reason why (he lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one raised in house with the aid of the sto Shying Horses are Near-Sightea.— " Why it is that shying in horses should be set down to an ugly disposition I don't know, ''.said a prominent veterinary surgeon. " It must be because horsemen don't know what else to lay it to. The fact'is that it is seldom met with unless the horse is near sighted. I have tested scores of shying hones for near sightedness, and in nearly all cases iouwi wuat l expectco. auu now wnen x am asked to give points on buying horses 1 give this as one of the requisites : Never buy a horse that is near-sighted. There are, how ever, two exceptions to this rale. If the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other is clearsighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful that he is not near-sighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. "Tbe reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple," tbe surgeon continued. " Of all animals the horse is the most gentle, and even timid. He sees a strange object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if you drive, the animal close to the dreadfnl object the animal cools down at once. It is supposed that it is because toe horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true bnt not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The animal has not been able to see it from a distance. He is near-sighted. Horses and Their Drivers — It has often occurred to me that the utility and age of horses are seriously affected and shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers. It is but too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill, or when, perhaps, in the middle of a hill, for a driver to makeasudden slash with the whip. This, with a spirited home, is followed by a sudden bound in re sponse to the unexpected call upon its powers, possibly powers that were at (be time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect would result in rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or sprain of Borne joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when tbe treatment is con tinued day after day tbe year throughout? Under such circumstances, the wonder is that any horse escapes serious injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion 'of horses are thus rendered comparatively value less, and their lives shortened. With ahorse drawing a load, whether in conveyance, cart, or saddle, any call for greater exertion should be made what Imayoall gradually, that is, toe animal snouia arse oe raaae aware or what is reqnired from it by the voice pre- ceding the whiD. and not the whip the voice. Buying Curios in China- — Later ex perience taught us that the curio man asks about five times as much as he is prepared to accept for his wares. Making a choice and getting your man into a proper frame of mind to see as you do, as regards bis profit, in telligently occupies about one-half of tbe cultured diplomat's time, The enrio chosen, the first thing to do is to take yonr man into the bouse, separating him from his fellows that he may not have their moral courage to uphold him. For the lot you make your offer, he disdainfully refuses, and begins briskly packing up. When everything is nearly stowed away, he asks, as if there bad never been any question of it before, " How much ?" You again offer, and with a long drawn "No," he once more unpacks that he may tempt you. Seeing yon remain firm and take no more notice of him, with a tragic air he deposits tbe things at your feet and gives you to understand he has made you a present of them ; that you are a hardened sinner ; it has cost him his life's blood, but he had no choice. With an I 0 U for the amount and a deep bow he has gone, and you find your self a collector im embryo with the cos dUestttJjmlj clutching yon. 