A Mysterious Romance. CHAPTER VIII. FBOM HAND TO HAND. (Continued.) " THEN admit Joseph Hagopian." But meanwhile Roland had been left to himself so long that under other circum stances, he might well have thought himself forgotten. That, however, was impossible. Whatever had not been said there was an understanding, as clear as day, that the beau tiful Countess bad bound herself to him by the sign of the ring, and that he had won, not only wealth, and the most profitable sort of fame, but something that might be called love also, in a strictly unsentimental sense of the term. Sentiment, between a man like Roland and a woman like Ilona, was not re quired. There would be passion enough without gilding it by needless arcadian fancies, such as used to please boys and girls. For along time past Roland's pulse (I prefer not to say bis heart) had burned with pas sion for Ilona. He bad won her. And yet the only, sensation hefe.'teven in the moment of triumph, was a ccrtain coldness and naked ness about the little linger of his left hand. Draw off, for a moment, any accustomed ring of your own, nnd you will know precisely what Roland Fanshaw felt, and all that be felt, when first Ilona became bis own. He had never removed the ring from the day on which be had last teen Helen, and last seen Ilona, so that the positive sensation was easily to be accounted for. The strange part of the matter was that in neither heart, mind, nor body did he feel anything more. It was as iE that left band little finger were the only self-conscious part about him. But, in a moment more, he started, held ont bis bands before him as if keeping off some monstrous presence, aud exclaimed: " What am I-what have I done?" He was conscious of a great deal now. As if pursued by murderers, seeking his life, be almost ran out of the bouse into the open air. It seemed strange to him that be was not followed ; and yet what creatures, save those born of bis own imagination, should pursue 1 He was certainly no coward, by nature, and yet be wns behaving like an ab ject coward, fleeing when no man pursued. There is no use in thinking about what he felt within him or around him. To think about a thing one must know what the thing is, and that neither he nor any hnman being could have told. What he did is all that can be known. For a good two hours be walked right on, not heeding whither. It must bave been from himself he was flying, just as mur derers have tried to fly from themselves, at once so rapid and restless was the flight. aDd so vain. But the life he bad of late been leading had not conduced to bodily strength, and downright weariness set in. He found himself miles away to the north beyond what even yet can be called London. He was no less hungry and more thirsty than wben, with six thousand pounds on his per son, he had found himself unable to find food. Now, instead of returning to the luxuries he liad left behind him, he contented himself with the bread and ale of the nearest tavern, in the character of an eccentric pedestrian who chose to tramp the country roads in clothes fit for the Row. Then, more slowly, and with eyes bent downwards towards the dust at his feet, he turned towards hom?. " Home !" he thought, with a sort of scorn. " Where am I going? Only to one place, if I am so much as the ghost of a man." Then, after a moment's hesitation, he strode on, a little more fitmly than before. In spite of bis long wandering, it was not late when he reached the door of the bouse where Gustave Rcnouf lived with bis daughter. Roland's heart did not beat as he climbed the steep stairs slo A-ly. It is before, not after, the jury's verdict of guilty that the criminal's Heart is alive enough to beat; after, it turns cold and dies. But in such death it may grow strong. Roland entered the room. It might have been yesterday, except that there Wtrc no flowers. Them sat Helen at work and, as usual, alone. That was fortu nate, for else he might bave found the saying of what he f>a<l to fay doubly bard. But no ; it was not like yesterday, for she did not come to his arms. Nor did lie bold them open. He did not even see whether sbe started to see him, for he dared not raise his eyes. " Helen," he said at last, "Helen, do not speak to me, do not look at me ; only hear what I have to say. It is soon told, and it is due to you that you should know why you may not give me u word, a look, a thought, save of scorn, from this time forth, for ever." She did not rise or attempt to speak. Why should he bave hoped otherwise ? He thrust Euch a hope away, and forced himself to say on. " I desired to become rich and great for your sake : I have becomc rich for the devil's and my own. How shall I tell you f Well, there is only one way. I will tell you the story of a-scoundrel, I won't even hint thni I had become reckless, desperate, mad ' mad' is the the very last name that any who know me would call me! Madmen shut themselves up with their books, and penniless themselves, ask penniless girls to becomc their wives. That is not what I have done : I have been the sanest of sane. I began my -rise-by cheating a cheat out of six thou sand pounds ; but those six thousand pounds bad been cheated before my eyes, and with my knowledge, from my old friend and school fellow-a poor young fellow, who had made his mocey hardly and honestly, nnd had just come from the other side of the world to make his oid parents and the girl who loved bira happy. I did not return to him and say, Be warned. By fraud I kept them, while he, ruined and ashamed, went back to the place whence he had come. . . . God knows what lias become of him now. So much for my beginning. I made an alliance with my fellow cheat, and u^eu the money of poor Frank Standish and the luck some devil had to the ruin of others-of all who came in my way. I flew at higher game-but I need not po into what you W'ould not understand. But-oh. Helen, that t should have lived to say it-I have been fatee to you. ... I will not say t have nevtr been false in my hear', my real self ; it wduld sound like a lie. From that day to this I hare b£en at another woman'* feet, her slave, hoping to make bcr .jnine-nf a woman whom I now bate as much as I love-oo; I won't say that. I am not fit erai to dream of your mmc. Now you know 'me, Helen. J"here >s nothing left me but to go, to repay poor Frank and the rest I have wronged, and then-There iKonly one comfort. You will not break your lkart for such as I. You will be bappv, for yotj bave never done wrong." " * " You arti rich ? You niv great!" Helen, rising and coming near. " Then all true I Bat-what in heaven's name does it matter now ?" It was Helen's voice ; they were Helen's eyes. Bat the words I They were Ilorm's, or else those of some fiend disguised as Helen. He was not mad now; he was not in a dream, nor was she, unless the whole world is mad together. It was as if those we take for anzels are truly demons, and as if all that we bold to be true, good, and pore is a lie. Boland fell back stricken, not with amaze, but with horror. " I once felt just as you do now," said Helen calmly. " I believed in goodness and poverty and work and everything else of that kind. Well, you have been right and I have been wrong. What good has come of being honest and hardworking and poor 7 Why. it could not keep us together ! If you had not taken your friend's money somebody else would have had it, you may be sure ; it is only like my father and the dominoes, only in a larger way. And the 6ame with all these other people. If anybody is to become richer, somebody must be poorer, musn't they 1 And if you are lucky, somebody must be unlucky ; it is only the dominoes all over again. I am sorry if you have learned to like anybody better than me ; but, of course, it would have been folly for you to have burdened yourself with a poor girl. I can guess who it is : it is the Countess Lenska. I saw yon with her to-day, and I saw her afterwards in her own house. Well, if you can win countesses, perhaps I can win princes, Boland. When you started you were no richer than I. We will see who will be richer in the end. Come ; have courage ! After all, why should we not forgive and forget and start again ? I am not so poor as I seem." The was even justifiying his wrong-doing and his falsehood to himself-arguing, with the voice of reason, his conscience down. He bad condemned himself, and that was terrible enough ; but now a nameless horror held him dumb. It may be the sight of Helen as he had passed her in the carriage that day had dis sipated bis allusions and recalled him to his truer and better self, humbling him with remorse nntil it bad become repentance ; it may be, that she, having been driven to lose faith in her lover, had lost faith in all good ness and honour besides. And so should I hold and believe without doubt, had not Roland's eyes been caught at that ir.oment by an evil flame glowing on Helen's hand-the opal ring that he had parted with that day, and that was now worn by her. 