WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW ? Mrs. H. II. JoniiiiiKB livos at No. 211 Main streot, Bridgeport, uud Miss Miuuio Parrot boards with hor. Tho hotiBO is nu old one, but in good order. Ouo night oavly in Docember (ls'Jl) tho two womon loekod all tho doors and went to tho thoatro, leaving not a uoui in mo iiouso. xnoy loic . tno Kas burniuf;,' however, in tho front parlor. At about half-past cloven thoy returned, nud entered tho house laughing and talking. But ns thoy weiit into tho parlor tho inorry humor died out of them in a second. Bight iu tho middlo of tho room stood a dark man of gigautio stature. Tho upper part of his fnoo was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleaming through tbo eyeholes in it. His Bliirt-slcovos woro rollod up, and in ono hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. Tho women Hod sorenming from tho room, and whou Mr.. Jennings camo iu fivo minutos later ho found no ono in the parlor and all tho doors and windows Beouroly loekod. What was it tho womon saw ? ' inuring a recenc poriou ol ill Jjoauu, writes an Amorioan friend, 'I had slept badly for sovoral successive nights. On tho fourth of thoso nightu, about two o'olook, I was suddenly arousod from a dozo by what seemed liko the calling of my name ; and lit the foot of tho bod Btood thu imugo of my mother just as she looked fivo years boforo, as Bho was leaving homo to go on a journey, on which journoy she was killed in n railway disaster. I soroamod and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and tho loun.1 old women gossips said it was a summons, and I would novor get woll. Yot 1 did, and am iu perfect health now. I believo that vision came of my woak nerves, for I'vo novor soon it sinco, aud it's more than threo years ago now.' No doubt it was tho norvps. Why, there's no oud to tho tricks the nerves will play off on you when vour uystem is out of condition. Iu Muroh, 1890, it was, that MrB. .Tano l'oster, of Durracott-road, Pokosdown, Hants, wrote us aa folloWB: — 'J was to dreadfully nervous I ooiild not boar auyono in tho room witji mo, yot I did not wish them far away in caso I Should call out for help. . This was iu Juno, 188U. I slopt vory badly, nnd in tho morning' folt little the bottor for having gono to bod. Thoro was often a sovoro paiu iu my head and over my oyes, nnd I was sick most of tho timo. My skin was dry and yollow, and the stomach and bowols folt cold and doad. liy and-byo I had to lio helplees in bed. Tho' doctor Baid ho didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and UUUIU UUlf lUbMIH U,«:i* M1UK VII 1IIJ BLUIIIUUII. 3iy this time I whs nothing but skin and bono. Jlf w memory . oomplotoly fnilod. My head aouod.BO droadfully I thought I Bhould loso my sonsos, and my friends agreed that I would novor got hotter. , ' I had given up all hopo, when ono day Mrs. West, of JJournoinouth, called and askod what I was taking. Sho told mo sho was her solf onco just as badly off,, nnd was curod by Mothor Soigel's Curativo Syrup. 'As sho seemed to havo so much faith in this medicino I triod it, and iu throo days I was ablo to walk across the room, aud by tho ond of tho wcok I wont downstairs. Now I am an woll as ovor. I can cat nnd digest my food, and all my norvoUBUess has left me.' Tho malady Mrs. Foster Buffered from was indigestion nud dyspepsia and nervous pros tration. TIih original cause was griof aud Bhoek nt tun violent death ot hor husband, by accident, and tho nystom rallied only wheu tho Syrup had givon now vigor to the diges tion aud thus fed and toned tho nerves. Whatever may bo your opinion of tho Bridgeport ghost, it romaius true that moit uncanny vinioi.B nud Rounds muun nothing moro or loss than a sot of ucrros nil upsot by indication and dyspepniii. Cihonta como from the iunido of tho person who boob thorn, and whon Mother Soigel'i) Syrup dooa its work tho oyca aud ears outortaiu only what is natural and wholesome. Tho nsoal Molbonrne Cup number of tho TtBVEUKB will bo published on Cup Day, Tues day, Nuvembor 7. Don't forgot to order it from your news ngont. There in a gup in yonr life if yon misa your Sonuat Times (illustrated). 