TUB emigrant ship. BY \V. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XVII.— Tin; Women. It wua blowing a topgallant) breeze. .Large, shadow-like wings of cloud were spreading across t he tnoon, and the bright Mars shot throu-'b the rush of dark stull, us though all between was a raeo of meteors. I ho fiirlit of the ship through the night wan a stirring ami spiomim piunuu, <«"/ v .A curtsey she piled the water to her spriisail yard - the dusky lino of the ocean throbbed clear and hard against a snectr.al airy grcon- i'di dimness, but under the moon the long black forms of seas glanced in lines of pule walked to the break of the poop lost in tlioirdit. The black shape of a seaman t nulled to and fro near the wheel, at which stood a second figure. The main hatch windsail was wildly working and yawning like the struggling weaned ghost of a giant under the mainyard : halt tiic hatch lay open as before, buried in darkness. , I stood looking at that oblong of hatch slowly forming a resolution ; mar- vellin" likewise as with an uiidernotc of thought atthu deep human significance this rushing and streaming ship took from the crowds of sleepers in her black heart. Had the souls of the slumberers combined into a spirit for her, that she should take the seas in that spurning, topping feverish way, as though slie knew what her load was and its trustTin her ? Often had the ships I'd sailed in seemed live things to mc, but never was ship so living as this that night and (hen, iiftlf an hour after I hud left the cuddy, Brigstock came up the ladder and told mo he'd put some Wine and spirits in the pantry ; they were to ho for my own private use. ho said. lie added that tlio men continued on their regular allowance of a tot of grog a day, which was all he meant they should have. . . ... ' When I starts my commonwealth, lie sung out to mc, slanting his figure to my ear, "there'll he no drink. llintoxication 11 stand next to murder as a crime. I'm for mixing the vartucs well in ; my scheme's to stand." He then bawled 41 George !" The fellow who was walking aft catno alone the deck. 41 J'll take charge now, said brigstock. "This gem'inan, 1 hope, '11 be our eapt'n to morrow." The man touched his forehead, looking at mo hard in that pale, flying light. He then went forward, and Brigstock made a slon as if lie would have mo join hint But I had heard and talked enough. In an oil-hand wav I said, " Am I to use the captain's cabin V" "JSarLinly. If you take command you ll make yourself welcome to what's inside it, 1 hope— merely as borrowings; everything used can he handed back when you've carried tlio ship to a port. Thoso here clothes I've got on I found in the mate's berth. My own chest's not well enough olV to rig mc out in a style proper to command that sort of respect which my situation aboard hcntilles me to." ' Good night," said I. " We shall have your answer in the morn ing ?" " By eight o'clock," I replied. I went straight to the captain's cabin, ami turned the light up to shake the mat tress and look round. I had noticed some boxes of cigars in the locker whilst im prisoned. I took one. It was a good cigar, ami the smoke and fragrance of it soothed my excitement. idy situation was, indeed, extraordinary. Vet. before I had quitted the deck 1 re solved m take command, though to hold my pence till the morning, that my importance might gain by the crew's anxiety. .1 was largely influenced by the presence of Kate Baniley. But for that girl J don't know that I should have been quick in deciding. The past had come strongly noon mo whilst 1 considered what to do. I lived again with her at Blathford through her holiday time there. She had passed out of my iiiiiid when she left, hut this sudden unexpected meet ing gave a sharpness to all the liuos and tracings of memory. It is always so; you know a man alight Iv in your own country, he slips out of recollection ; J'ou meet him abroad — the farther away the letter for the sentiment of recollection — scores of trivial things come hack, and there may spring up a lasting friendship between you. Meet the same man at home and you'd pass him by. Kate Darnley's being on hoard was like an eloquent separate appeal to me to take charge of the ship. Then there was the safety of the crowd of pour women to think of. I judged 1 had no need to fear the men. The situation hud come about quite honestly. There had been no violence, no mutiny. Certain disasters had loft the ship's company without a navigating head. They had thought their condition over, and decided to people iiu uninhabited island, of which, to he sure, there was no lack in those days in the seas they wished mo to steer them into. Thu women who had agreed to settle down with them doubtless knew what they were doing. What sort of lot way to he theirs in Australia? In a South Pacific island they might flourish into a free, happy, and pros perous community. As to marriage — Brig stock was right when he implied that the jKitriarehal Government of Pitcairn and Tristan was all himself and followers needed. Besides, how long would they need to wait for the heroic missionary with his blessing of legitimacy. Thus ran my thoughts whilst I smoked the cigar, sometimes sitting, sometimes taking a turn about the cabin, once opening the door to listen, having caught -the sound of men's voices singing out and the echo in the plunks of coils of gear flung down. I never ques tioned, if I refused the command, that Brig stock would get a navigator by such another stratagem as hud decoyed me. And how would the crew use me then ? Would limy tranship me, and so enable me to start tlio first propelled pennon we signalled after Ilium ! Being thirsty 1 took a match and stepped into the pantry where 1 found some bottles of china und brandy, and they hud filled the vinegar jar with ruin. 1 knocked the heail oil a claret bottle and drank half a tumbler of the wine; it was a cool drink and smelt like a nosegay. 1 then aLo the remains of thu cold chicken, and thus refreshed went hack into my cabin where I lighted a second cigar resolved to make the very best of the stale 1 found myself in. Nothing .stirred in the cuddy saving the leaps of the shadows with the abrupt swing of l ho lamp when the ship came in a reeling heave to windward, then fell along on the blunt of the under-rushing sea with a forest full of whistlings iiiutSvild henst cries in her ringing. 1 caught all sounds through the lee open lid of ihe skylight and knew hv them and by the play under foot that the ship was doing a fair 12 under the meteoric daiiee of the uiijou and slurs midst the breaks of thy sweeping shadows. Brightening the lam), cigar in mouth, I nicely overhauled a second time the contents of tins sea bedroom. The chronometers were by a renowned maker; the .sextants costly, funning, beautiful instruments ; all the niailicmatical gear of the best. Everything essential to the complete equipment of a nuvigiu or of t hose days, when, ot course, the son science Jacked the exquisite mechanic I cxpvr.'-sHin it now possesses-— though 1 allow I you no more skill in the mariners of to-day — j wn« hero. Alas! the dark hours of poor j jfalorow's passage homo would gather a deeper dye from thoughts of bin property Kjme adrift, perhaps never more to no heard f opened the log-hook and went through t«e entries, and again looked at the ship's papers and tried to ro.ckou the value of the. property in tlie hold from the particulars I glanced at. Was it the wine, or was it the imagination inspired by the contents of the tin box. ftissure my spirits were at this hour or six bolls in a little dance. By my jUGirt, thought J, hut here, in this morning's treacherous ontranmoni of me have 1 found nicli a professional chance as, not having the wits to conceive it, I should not have known 7' t0 l»nty for? if L safely bring this tine Hlnp to purl, what should- - what vint he my reward Surely nothing less than the com mand of her next voyage ; not to mention my claim as salvor. And then, thought .1, there is Kate Diirnloy. , , . Ami then theru is Kate Burnley. . , A Yawned and laughed, put out the light, Kicked nil my shoes, ami sprang into my .!!! ir i V1, Wc,nriud us I had imagined l'f Ti i V lor an hour, ami when i tell im.mp I dreamt that, hemv alone with K.u,. l)anih:y m the ship. 1 found (-adman »' hiding jtmlcr the euddv table, lie made cd uilh h ate niu quarter-boat,, and 1 gave chase m the Karl of Leicester. He drew me to tin (.u. it Salvage Island, then vanished, an j the ship went, ashore. I landed, mid the first sight I beheld was Mr. Fletcher, of Bristol, hanging on a gibbet on. tho spot of cliff over whose edge he had hurled mc. I was aroused by the strong, shivering light. Looking through the porthole, I saw tho long sous, of a soft bine, lifting in flashes and chasing gently. The curl of them showed a failing wind. My porthole was a disc of brilliant morning. I peeped into the cuddy, and saw tho ordinary seaman Gouger wiping down a bulkhead. I asked him to fetch mc a bucket of salt water, and ho com plied as briskly as though he hud signed under mc. After a refreshing soaplcss sea wash I pulled oti my slop wideawake, got into my slop jacket, and went through the cuddy door on to the quarter deck. It was like turn ing a corner into a busy street. Five or six seamen wore washing the decks down, scrub bing the plank, and sluicing the bright brine out. of buckets. I looked aloft. The ship wuvS clothed in canvas to the trucks. The yards were braced a little forward on the starboard tack. Tho weather clue of the mainsail was up, and the vessel, slowly bow ing, was moving like a body of suntouehed vapor over the waters. It put new heart into my resolution to take command when I saw how faithfully the ship's duty was being carried on, lords of themselves as the crew were ; the sight gave mo a high opinion of Brigstoek's in fluence and power of mind. A great number of women were on deck — perhaps 40 or 50. I glanced swiftly here and there for Kate Darnley, .Standing in thu doorway of the cuddy, shadowed by the ledge or break of tlio poop under which, exactly over my head, was a clock indicating the hour of 7 (guess work time, of course, seeing they had been II days without an observation), I was not for some time noticed. The women stood here and there looking out to sen, or talk ing. or marching up and down abreast, and some 10 or 12 wore walking upon the forecastle. I observed that the men hade them get out of tho road in the blunt speech and manner of the ocean; there was no familiarity in their manner of calling to the women, no laughter, no "chad." They went on with their work as though the taut eye of a chief mate was overseeing them from the break of the poop, and the women would step aside to get out of the way of the water or the scrubbing brushes without any of those airs of alley or area coquetry you might have expected in females of their class whoiwuldressed by men, and when all were in a situation unrestricted by quarter-deck government. 1 found on now looking that I had been right in supposing the women's ages to vary from 18 to 30. .Some were delicate, pretty girls ; others coarse and heavy featured. One who stood not far from mc was pale and ilabhy faced, with a goddess's figure. Haul by stooil one of your rolling, saucy, liund-on- hip, laughing girls, with white teeth, and a dark, sharp, darting eye. You'll easily get the picture by figuring two score or so of couka anil housemaids, domestic .servants of a superior sort, here and there a woman whose looks suggested the milliner, here and there a woman with drawn, contemplative, pule face of a ludy-liko figure hinting at the governess. Conceive t hese on the deck of a ship, moving in groups out of the way of the men who are washing down. 'The shawls, bonnets, hats, and gowns were of many fabrics, shapes, and tints; most of the girls, it seemed, had come to sea in shabby finery. They flew feathers; Brum magem fal-lals danced in their eats, and broached and pinned, and even ringed some of them, and though thoy had been in one another's company for weeks, ami by this time probably knew exactly the nature and extent of one another's wardrobes, they'd still glance critically at a passing figure, eye her from hat to heel, look from her to their own dress with downward sweeping glances till critically, as though, by heaven ! they were taking the children for an airing in the park, as though the giant Life Guards man was close at. hand ; as though, forsooth, all were well with the ship- captain ami ollieers hearty and alert, the voyage, as jolly us a drive to a tea-garden for a romp there. But it's always thus with women ; thu troubles they find hardest to hear are those they expect. (To he continued.) 