TRUE TILL DEATH: ' OR, - LOVED TO THE LAST. . CHAPTER: Vni.--CoKTiNUED. v " Oli, I see j you want to keep it for your diploma picture." But though Jack was thus cynical with his friend, he liad a'-liigh-: opinion' of -the excellence of this particular piece of work, over : -winch Ay alterex- pended a prodigious, amount' ;of time and pains. His usual liabit was t<i tiro of his productions. Ho ' was: by no means a careless worker, but ere he had finished one picture; his uuec1 bad begun to be' busy with his succes sor. He always deemed his last work his best, of course; but his last would be no thing to that which was to follow it, the germs of which chef d'eeuvre were al ready sprouting, in his brain- But with " Supplication," tho case was different. Every detail was wrought up to tho highest pitch of perfection for which he was capable, and lie was never tired of touching and retouch ing; lie did not retouch the face, either because lie was satisfied witli it, Or because be distrusted his ability to effect improvement, but he would fix his eyes upon it for long intervals with the intensity of an intending buyer. Then he would look up with a sigh, and busy himself with the embroidery of Queen Philippa's robe, or with tho color . of tho cushion upon which, she knelt. He would even do this when his model was in the room, forgetful of her presence and of the money per hour it cost him ; and upon one or two occasions he noticed that she also had her fits of abstrac tion/ Then it struck . him that her face had grown paler of late, and her large eyes less lustrous, and his' tonder heart reproached him for his indiffer-; ence. . "We have been working very hard at this picture, liaye we not, Red Riding-hood ?" said he kindly. " Don't you think you would be the better for a little holiday ?" "Not so far as I am concerned, sir. I. am not at all tired." "You look so," returned he, re garding her in really quite a paternal way; " very fagged and out of sorts. Are you quite sure you are well ?" "Yes, sir; I am well enough.'' " But you may not be a good judge of that. I shall go round this after noon and speak to your father about you, little one." " Oh, pray, sir, don't speak to him !" returned she with sudden vehemence. " Indeed, indeed, there is nothing the matter with me — nothing, at least, to speak of. Thero is no need for any holiday. Besides, father has his bills to pay, which were not settled at Christmas, and it would vex him if I fell out of work just now." "Oh, I daresay we can manage about the bills. You have been one, two, three, four months eternally kneeling upon that cushion ; and so far as this picture is concerned, I can get on very well by myself now. Yes, yes ; you must have a holiday." "As you please, sir," answered Nellie humbly; " that is, so far as tho sittings are concerned. Indeed, I have i felt that I have been picking your pocket for tho last six weeks.'' I " Picking my pocket, Red Riding- , hoocl ! Why, how was that 1" " Well, sir, I have seen that I was of little or no use. You don't know how absent and thoughtful you have become ; I might just as well have been at home as in your studio, for , all the good I have been to you for this last hour, for instance. And then the picture isn't like me, not a bit. It was at first, perhaps, just a little ; but you have been thinking of somebody else all along, and been painting her instead of me." The' color rose to the very roots of Walter's hair, bub lie answered laughingly: "Arid has that offended you, Red Riding-hood, all along ?" " No, sir ; indeed, I didn't notice it at first. But it seems wrong that I should come hero and take your money, when you could get on just as well without me." " And that's what makes you look so pale and sorrowful, is it ? You must certainly have a very tender conscience. However, let me tell you for your comfort, Red Riding-hood, that I cannot get on without you. I have got used to you as a sitter, and when iolks have come to the age of your grandmamma they are averse to change. Perhaps you have sat long enough for Phillipa ; but you have plenty of expressions beside that pleading one which you have worn so long, that I do believe it has made you downright miserable. Mr. Pelter lias recommended me to take tho game of Foifeits for a subject, which will require you ; to be full of fun; and, after a : month or two of that, I shall expect you to bo in tearing spirits." When Walter and his friend were smoking their pipes that evening tho former spoke of his model's altered looks, and of the talk he had had with her. " I could make nothing of it, except that she must really have taken it to heart that the picture is not- a portrait-.' I wish you would take her for a bit, Jack, and pub her in good spirits." ' : "I am doing a veteran in boots and a beard," said Pelter drily; " and I should recommend you to paint a veteran for yoiir next picture — Miss Nellie's great-aunt, for instance." ." " Noiisense j T am really serious in nsking your opinion, for I am sure the girl; is out of sorts . about, something ; not. ill, I think, but wretched .in her mind. What; ; the / deuce : can bp the matter with her?" "I ain afraid1- Red Riding-hood's grandmamma is turning, 'but to be'a wolf, in spile of herself,: Wajten" "I don't understand you Pelter." " " Don't you ? It's a very'olcLstory, my good fellow.- vl don't for a moment imagine you want to devour her, hiind, though she would be a- dainty morsel for some people. But I have a '¦sus picion she wants tp be eaten." /. "You, don't mean To; say-that the girl has, fallen, in love with :me?" . / I am not. sure ; bub there is no ac counting for tastes,' and she may havo done so. ! I am glacl, for., her sake," at all events, that you' are ajgentleman— : and not a man of honor:" ' ' I hope not, indeed,, , in' tho : sense you mean,"- ahsweled Walter, redden ing. "But it seems to me. 'your view is a very coxcombical one." . -. . - " It would bo, if I had suggested, she had fallen in love with me," .returned Jack. 'f But that :she. . has fallen in love with somebody, is certain : downcast eyes, pale cheeks/and sighs, are. all ' signs!' as old Burton-calls tiiem in , his Anatomy. You will find them there under the head of 'Love a Cause.' Perhaps she; is enamored of you r Apol lo, which is as large as life, and very like; such things -have happened in' tho case ; of statues, so' why not with .paintings? If this be so,, and since nobody will buy it, you had better give it to her.'' . " I think what you suggest is quite as likely as that she should have fallen in love with me," said Walter gravely; "but she is y certainly very unhappy. After what 'you have said I would send her away to- morrow, but that -she says her father is so hard up." : "You aro too emotional," said M,r. Pelter ; or,, in other words,- a soft- hearted young fool. Also, I wish you -would drink a . little fairer. Please to ring for another jug of beer." As a matter of - fact, howevtjf- only had Mr. John Pelter h<-S» full share of the beer, but he had no reason to plume him self upon hardness of heart. His general views of his fellow-creatures, like those of most Bohemians, were cynical, but in each particular case -he showed himself no philosopher. Indeed, he could not bear with equanimity bhe misfortunes of total strangers to hitn, much less of his friends. He was op posed to beggars upon principle, but often and often would lie take some poor pinched creatu re into his studio, under pretence of his artistic wants, and then dismiss him warmed -,ahd filled. To his porsonal friends he was devoted, and! when Litton's picture was in due time sent into the big shop on approval, Jack was, far more-anxious about its fate than Walter himself. Indeed, Walterexhibitedanindifforence in the matter, which, considering what the other knew of his character and antecedents, was inexplicable to his friend. He showed despondency, sitting almost idle for whole days alone — for he had, for the present, dispensed with the services of Nellie Neale— but not those symptoms of solicitude for the success of his great work -with which Jack was so well acquainted in other cases. The cause of this was curious, yet by no means unknown in the profession to which he belonged. He missed his picture. This is peculiarly an artist's grievance. Tho novelist can both havo his cake and eat it : his book — tho writing of which has given him so many hours'of pleasure, and with the characters whereof, even though he may have failed in making them real to others, he has been living for months in as close a relationship as witli those of his household — remains to him after it is written. But when the painter has sold his picture, it is gone for ever. The majority of his class may be glad enough to get rid of it, if the price is satisfactory : Pelter was so, and Litton himself had been so hitherto. But now and then a picture becomes to its creator like a child to its father. Tho wrench of parting with it, how ever mitigated by recompense, is as severe as that which Romance attri butes to the Arab when parting with' his horse. He has seen it grow under his hand in unexpected strength and beauty, out of nothing ; it hus been his companion for many solitary hours, whispering to linn hopes of fortune and ot fame, which, however realised, must needs fall short of its sugges tions ; till, though so ineffably ideal, it has become something lifelike. It is sometimes pregnant with Associa tion, reminding liini who drew it of somo much-loved scene that can never be beheld again, as on that bygone day in which he saw it first; or, per chance, of some dear one whom death has taken. The heart has more ten tacles than tho eight- armed demon of the sen, wherewith, like it, it lays hold of things animate or inanimate with dogged clutch ; " it clings, it clings ;" and neither Siren's voicQ nor reason's can make it loose its hold. Walter missed his picture, though tho face it mirrored haunted him like a ghost ; and would have been well content to hear it was in that academical vault — tho bourne from which all pictures do return to their disconsolate owners — so that ho might go at once and claim it. It would be found there, doubtless, as other works of his had been, but meanwhile ho grudged its absence, He had another' picture on his easel, but his heart was not in that, as it had been in : its predecessor ; he was equally painstaking, equally con scientious with it, and yet he did not need Jack's ominous silence — his omis sion to. point .out its defects— to con vince him that it was a failure. At times, so errant was his mind, that he saw both pictures — their lines and 'hues' - mingled together, like a dis solving view. Under sucli circum stances, to paint was useless, and he gave himself up to his own morbid thoughts. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 