LILLEY AND MACNAMARA. (To the Editor of the Logan Witness.) Sir, — I read in your last week's issue the report of a speech delivered at Southport, on Wednesday, 6th instant, by Mr. Mac- namara. I have since read the political manifesto issued by Sir Charles Lilley, and I write to point out the remarkable coin- cidence in several important respects be- tween the new chief of the coming Opposi- tion and the candidate for the Albert. For I suppose all hands by common consent accept Sir Charles as the new leader of the Democracy. If he gets a majority of the sects at the ensuing election, of which I have little doubt myself, of course Lilley will form a Ministry, and Sir Tammas will have to wait a long time for the gloriously fat pickings as boss railway king which he sees ahead if he can only get the electors to give him a show to become the Australian Jay Gould. But having ahead had five years of McIlwrathian misrule, in which the taxation screw was put on without mercy, I think the electors are full up of the big man, who was to do so much for the Colony, but who has failed to do anything except sell land wholesale, grind out taxes, and spend the money extravagantly for the benefit of himself and the Civil Servants. Whatever else the Albert electors do, I hope they will not return a follower of McIlwraith again. Let us have a change anyway, for we can be no worse off, and we might easily be better. At the same time I hope we will go for a "straight" candidate, who sticks to his principles like a man, and not one of the "converts" who so easily tack themselves on to the winning side — when they see which side is the strongest! I like Macnamara's outspokenness for he evidently means what he says. While I think the Labour party's programme goes too far in one direction. McIlwraith's extreme capitalism goes too far in the other. He is all for the big moneybags, and will not give the farmers or the working classes the ghost of a show. Lilley strikes the happy medium, and will see that both the employers and their workmen get fair play. But as I was about to say when I started to write this, Macnamara — the first candidate to speak in the Albert — has the same ideas as Lilley in respect to the following points: — 1\. A thorough system of retrenchment — real, not gammon. 2\. The lands of the colony not to be handed over to scrip-gamblers and syndi- cates. 3\. Black labour to be done away with as soon as possible, and the plantations to be cut up into small farms owned by European cultivators, who will sell their cane to cen- tral mills, and do well at it too. 4\. Co-operation between labour and capi- ial; workmen to be paid fair wages — that is, enough to let them and their families live in comfort and decency. 5\. Co-operative farming and State-aided village settlement. 6\. Contracts for public works to be given to co-operative bodies of workmen instead of one big contractor gobbling all the profit and "sweating" his men. 7\. One man one vote, and one woman one vote. 8\. Queensland to be a white man's country. I consider the above a very good con- structive policy, which if carried out would make Queensland go ahead again. It is very much to Macnamara's credit that he declared for the above platform before Lilley himself had spoken, and it also proves that he has a good knowledge of politics and would make a desirable member. Any- one can repeat a parrot cry and "follow my leader," but what we want in the next Parliament is men with new ideas, who have minds of their own, who can think for themselves, and who have the ability to stand up in the House and fight for the principles they believe in. The last As- sembly was full of political nonentities. I hope the next House will have a good sprinkling of men with brains. — Yours, etc., DEMOCRAT. Coomera, April 12th, 1893. 