THE MARITIME DIFFI CULTY. THE POSITION IN SYDNEY. MEETING OF THE STEAMSHIP- OWNERS' ASSOCIATION. Another meeting of tho Sydney branch of tho Federated Steamship-owners' Associa tion was held yesterday afteruoon. Tho business was the consideration of the mani festo of the Melbourno branch, which had just been received officially from tho southern steamship-owners. As, howover, the mani festo had been previously made known to tho members of tiie local association by its publi cation in tho press, tlioy wero able, without much discussion, to decide that they would follow Melbourne in the matter. Indeed, they had already committed themselves to this course by tho communications they had had wilfi the Melbourne' association. Tho decision on tho main point, whether Sydney should act with Melbourne in enforcing the proposed scale of reductions, occupied, there fore, but a few minutes. The more difficult question was in regard to tlio details of carrying tlio new system out. Ib was i recognised that one of the first results of a i contest might be tho enforced laying up of some of the steamers. Tlio important matter with tho owners is whoso steamers theso shall be. i This is a detail about which there can exist much difference of opinion, and until it is settled it is apparent that good use cannot bo made of tho complete unanimity in the other respect. Tho obstacle was nob overcome yesterday, and it was accordingly arranged that another meeting should be hold this afteruoon, so that the matter might be fur ther discussed. But there arc circumstances other than these which necessitate tho reductions being enforced in a different manner from that which could be adopted in Melbourne. After tho lust maritime strike the clause enabling employer or employed to give 24 hours not, ice of the termination of an engagement was omitted from the articles as revised on fciiut occasion by the steamship owners. It was seen that the presence of this clause in regard to such brief notice had enabled the seamen and other maritime employes to lay up tho whole coastal fleet of Australia in virtually "one act." The owners saw that this was a disadvantage, hence tho altera, tion in the articles as subsequently drawn up. After the iicwarticles had been inopcration for a time the Melbourne steamship owners be gan to experience inconvenience from their inability to terminate the mutual relations of master and mail when it was desirable that this should be done quickly, and gradu ally the old articles, containing the provision about the 24 hours' notice on either side, were reintroduced. At present the Mel bourne steamship owners, without exception, have reverted to the old plan. In tho pre sent emergency they are, therefore, in a position to act promptly in either obtaining new crews or of laying up steamers. In Sydney tho position is quite different. The articles, with the 24 hours' clause ex- punged, have been retained, and all crows shipping out of Sydney are bound for tlio full term they sigu for, the steamship owners of course being under a like-restriction as re gards dismissal. With one or two exceptions, the articles of Sydney steamships are for a period of six months. As crews arc shipped by the different steamers at various times, hardly any two steamers taking on theirmon on tho same day, it follows that there is an impediment to auy general or simul taneous move on the part of the masters or men in Sydney. The impediment implied by tlio omission of the 24 hours' notice clause is not so serious in regard to freedom of action by the steamship owners as it is in respect of the men. It is an open secret that so far as tho former are concerned there is a very simple manner of driving the proverbial coach and four through the articles. In the present temper of the owners tho resorting to this expedient is spoken of as hardly fair, but if the tug of war should become really Grecian there is no saying what means might be adopted to achieve victory. It will not be out of place la state who comprise the Sydney branch of thcStcainship Owners' Association. It consists of the fol lowing companies and firms: — The Union Steamship Company of New Zealand, the A. U.S.N. Company, the Adelaide Steamship Company, tho Newcastle Steamship Com pany, the North Coast Steamship Company, the Illawarra Steam Navigation Company, Messrs. J. and A. Brown, the Colonial Sugar Company, the Osborne- Wallsend Colliery Company, Messrs. Burns, Fhilp, and Co., the Bollambi Coal Company, Messrs. Sal- mond aud Deniic, Alcssrs. Harroid Brothers (of Adelaide), and tlio Northern Steamship Company (of Auckland). Messrs. William Howard Smith and Sons also belong to the local association, but they arc likewise mem bers of the Melbourne branch, which is their headquarters. There are a number of local firms which are not iti the Sydney association, and which practically act independently in all these matters. These comprise Mr. B. M. Cor- rigan, who has two or three boats trading to tho northern rivers; Mr. G. W. Nieoll, who has a couple of small boats, and who until recently was a member of the association; tho Shellharbor Steam Navigation Company, which .have one small boat; Mr. Yeager, who lias small boats trading to tho northern ports ; Messrs. Ghost and Jcwctt, who have two or three steamers under charter; and Captain Campbell, who runs two or three colliers, and who withdrew from the associa tion cm account of a difficulty he had with his engineer. Besides these independents there arc several other firms which own colliers or have colliers chartered. Of the unattached steamship owners a number of those who run colliers have an association of their own, and tlioy arc now contem plating the adoption of the association's amended scale. In some instances the uti- assoeiated owners have- had men for a con siderable time past at rates lower than those recognised by the Sydney association, and iu a general way it may be said that on the question of reductions the whole steam shipping interest of Sydney will present an unbroken front to tho uuionists. Tlio Union .Company will occupy rather a peculiar position in the movement, for whilo their bouts engaged in the Tasmanian trade will bo worked ou tlio lowered scale, no alteration will be made on the boats cngagqd betweon Australia and New Zealand and those employed on the New Zealand coast. Except in the Tasmanian trade, where they have Messrs. Huddart, Barker, and Co. us competitors, they are exempt from any rivalry, utid therefore do not seo any imme diate need for extending tho reductions beyond tho Tasmanian boats. Iuquiries were made yesterday iu regard to tlie steamship owners' view of tho local labor market as it regards seamen and other steamer hands. It is represented that there are several hundreds of men in excess of re quirements enrolled at the steamship owners' bureau. To this fact, however, the com panies attach little importance, as they admit that a large proportion of theso are unionists, who, of course, may be expected to act in concert with their union, while the greater number of those who _ are not unionists lack the courage or tlie inclination to "blackleg" against men of their own ohms. The steamship owners rather view tho position in this more comprehensive way — that there are multitudes of men out of em ployment-, that there is little work to be j done. They rely upon the surplusage of Jubor. They also consider tlie now rate of remuneration to bo sufficiently liberal to in duce a large number of men to avail them selves of tlie opportunity of an engagement. During the period of prosperity scores of sea faring men left the steamers for more con genial employment ashore. The larger pro portion of those arc suil'ering from the pre vailing dullness, and are now reluctantly i compelled to look to the sea aguiu for a livelihood. 