THE "TIMES" NEWSPAPER INSIDE I'RINTING HOUSE SQUARE. There is a vory interesting article by Mi.: Edmund Vincent in the Enrfliah Illustrate.!I j Magazine (or September, from which we are very glad to be able to take the following quotations. Mr. Vincent says t— Aocouipany ino then, at six in theerening io the door in IVinting House Square. Komain without in tlie flosli, bub let your disembodied spirit pass through the folding doors ; tho men behind the railings on tbe right will not notice your ghost, but you may notice that they sit at the receipt of telegrams and of envelopes, and that no man bearing tho printed envelope of tlie {wiper goes away unrewarded. Yon will notice, too, that the night printers are dropping in one after another, for tho great engine is awuUiugout of her half-sleep of tlie day. Till: COMrosINO 1100M. tilidc unsubstantially (o tho right and you shall pass through a lofty room, a wilderness of iron tables and typo, to tbe foot of n spiral staircase of iron, ascending which you shall become nuare of a warm smell of oil and of n rati ling crashing sound from o composing mom. book down its length, and the inipruedmi produced on the eye is that of ail endless scries of frames, hybrids between n Venetian blind nnd on Aiolian harp, each attended by its satellites who wort under a strong light concentrated upon the work, lleforc each man lies hie slip of "copy " ; legible on illegible, he must make the best of it; sumo not by hand, others by machine, played upon with keys like a piano, capable oi setting nearly 300 lines an hour, whereas fifty lines is tlie limit of the best hand labour. Bo content with a glance here. Know that each man has his work allotted to him by the head-printer, that many of the grow to an honourable old nge, that all receive pay at lutes higher Chan those earnod by any men of their class in London, and that, there iB not n Trades Unionist among them. TUB EDITOR'S COKKIUOB. 1'nss through a grcou-bnixe door into a long corridor, remembering that even to the spirits the room of the editor of the Time* remains closed, and that you are in another man's house investigating the pene tralia of his business. Other rooms in this corridor are those which used to be occupied by Mr. Macdonald, aud occupied now by Mr. Godfrey Walter, and the drawing-room in which visitors arc received, over the mantel-piece of which hung, until the other day, a portrait of somebody in antidilution jack-boots,whom 1 always assumed, without any justification, to be Crabb Robinson. There are three writing-rooms on this floor, each having a good desk and good chairs, a supply of pale blue slips of jrnper, and a strong electric reading-lamp. There is also number 7, the room in which an army of Bub-editore spend laborious nights over ooeaus of manuscript, much of which, to the iufiuite annoyance of everybody concerned, is faintly pencilled on to greased paper and called " flimsy.". In spite of the monotony of their work, the sub-editors of the Times as a body are the cheeriest aud the most helpful men in the world,nor do they think it absolutely a matter of conscience to deprive an article of all point and all epigram. THK REPORTERS AT HOKE AND ABROAD. Upstairs, on another corridor, are the reporters' room, the leader-writers' rooms, the foreign room. The leader-writers are wreathed in mystery. I cannot say who they are, how much they earn, how they do their work, how many of them there arc, for the maxim of the Timet office is that of the sage, with variations, " Call no man n leader-writer until he is dead." Tho name of the rcjsorters is legion. The foreign room is one of the busiest in the house. Tbc wires from tho Continent click without ceasing ; the messages which come require tho full attention of four trained men under a chief. It is a mistake, by the way, to caii this gentleman, accomplished ana distin guished as ho is, ao editor. The Titties has ut one editor, and in his department he is absolute and supreme. We are now in a position to give a rough sketch of the means concerned in producing, choosing and arranging the matter apart from advertisements, which appears in the Timet. THE MEK WHO HAKE THE "TIKES." They are the editor, an assistant editor, foreign director, and the so-called City editor, though here again the word " editor " is to my mind misapplied. There are x leader-writers, there are six or seven sub editors, and midway between them and the printers are the readers. There are also x special correspondents, y reporters, assigned to districts and peripatetic, and % semi attached reporters. In the United Kingdom there is a local correspondent of every town of importance; in every country in the world, almost, iB an accomplished gentleman entitled to call himself "our own corres pondent." Of these M. <ie Bloiritz is the typo and the Ideal. Even now I have omitted tho full staff of rcixrrtere in the House of Commons, who enable the Timet t*> give practically the only complete report of debates published daily in England, and the law reporters, barristers all, including men appointed to each circuit,. at the bead of whom is tho most indefatigable and the most humorous of men, the favourite of Bench and Bar, who lias always a kindly word for a struggling junior and a merry anecdote for the faded leader. Still there remain lite multitudinous reviewers, the dramatic critic, the musical; critic, the art critic, the gentleman 'who makes the turf liis study, the yachtsman, the rowing critic, the observer of cricket- ; ®be names of geutie>raoti of ijflf! ~ _ e in i Printing House Square. Hmeiifcoe. U'thel type foupdtyvfor at .the SVmei Office a large j proportion pf typo la melted up and recast. i Finally theepmppsing maclunea, Jfaslen-l boin's, with t»many Improvements that the ] original idea is elrapst beyond recognition, i have reoeivod much attention witbexcellent results, At oqo time it was customary to of these connect the operators at some machines by telephone with persons dictat ing from the Qonee of Commons, hi|t the practico has been praettoaUy discontinued, partly because the Houso ofCommons has become an "early to bed'* institution, partly because the strain on the operator was found to be almost intolerable. Ib is well known that carbon segregates from meteoric iron in the form of fine grained graphite, and crystals of graphite resembling diamonds have been found in meteorites eucb as tliosenf Youngdegln and the Nowo Urol. Diamonds era also found toooourinctd volcanic vents, such as the Kimberloy mines of South Africa, which are filled with decomposed Intrusive material thrown up from great depths. Professor Carviil Lewis supposed these diamonds to faavo boon formed by. the action of the intrusive material on the carboniferous shales found there, and predicted that diamonds would be found in moLpo rites; but no diamonds'have yet been found in the Orecnland iron-beds, whoro asimilar notion has taken place. Professor O. W, Hunting ton recently oxpressod the opinion—which, indeed, had already been formed by M. Daubtde—that, since the earth is apparently a mass of meteorites covered with a crust, thcro ought to be abundance of diamonds at great depths.. The classic simplicity of M. Renan'sFreneh prose, together with the love he ever dis played for the difoueslon of spiritual problems opd the analysis of the religious sentiment, naturally suggests a comparison with both tljo matter and the manner of the Into ijjattbovv Arnold.The affinity bolween the two Is, indeed, very remarkable. 1 