SUPREME COURT—CRIMINAL SITTINGS. Tuesday, October 3. [Before big lienor she Chief .Justice.] Wi-liini Thomas MviCntirc, a young man, wis charged with committing perjury asjiht* Local Court, Kadiim, on Jn'ylO. Mr. P. MeM. Glytm defended. The Court ruled that as a record'of tho rivocetdings in the Local Court-, dlna, had not been put in, the production of tho plaint summon:-; and the appearance was not siuiioieut tor purposes of piosecution. His Honor, therefore, directed the juiy to return a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was dismissed. CHARGE Of ATTEMPTED MURDER. Iinniila.il Armstrong (-1-1) was charged with j wounding Siuati Armstrong with juteafc to kill and murder at C-'.rroudovva^ou July 24, and i also 'with wounding her with intent to do i grievous bodily harm. Mr. V. IF. Smith, who appeared _ for tha i prisoner, made a preliminary objection that tbc indictment charged oho prisoner with intent j to kill and also to do grievous bodily harm. If the prisoner had intended to murder his wi-'o j ho could not have intended to do her grievous j bodily harm. His Honor did not agree with Sir. Smith, i Sarah Armstrong, woo appeared in court j with her head bandaged, said tor some time pre viout to Juiy 24 her husoand had been away r.o Melbourne. Up to that dvae they had been on good terms. She remembered that she was dressing on the morning of July 24, when I something happened about which sue knew i nothing. Y'/hsn she recovered her senses she I was lying oa the floor. Cor,id nob remember I whether she felt pain. Si'-e was quite well on {the previous night, and had never had any | disagreement with her husband. Prisoner said to her thai hu was going back to Mel bourne because ho had lost his salvation. He had been m the Salvation Army in the other colony, and he thought it would do him good to go back and work for the Lord. They had been mart-ied ten months, and since then prisoner had done no work. Witness had known Armstrong for a year or more before the marriage. She had met him at the Oarron down Baptist Church. Cross-examined by Mr. Smith—Witness said on one occasion she was walking through the Botanic Gardens with prisoner when he attempted to jump into the water. Armstrong was sometimes restless while asleep. By the Crown Prose cutor—After their marriage he had taken a considerable amount of drink. Witness sup-1 plied him with funds. _ I Dr. Robert Stuart, of Hindmarsh gave evi-j deuce that he was called to Mrs. Armstrong's j house on the morning of July 24. Mrs. Arm j strong was suffering from a scalp wound on the | back of the head, but there were no symptoms 1 | of depression. The iron dog produced might have caused oho wound. A subsequent exaim nation by Dr. Poulton had revealed three ad ditional wounds of lesser magnitude. The four , wounds could nob have been caused by one blow, and an ope ration had to be performed to : save her life. He did nob think that she was in danger now. _ j Lance-Corporal Booth, stationed at Hind- j ■narsb, stated that the prisoner had visited tho j police-station at S a.m. on July 24, and had j given himself up, stating at the sr.me time that j iie had killed his wife. He was jexcited and anxious to be pflacedin the cell. Witness went to the house, and found Mrs. Armstrong lying on the bed, her clothing being saturated with ! blood. The iron dog produced was lying on j the floor, and several hairs had adhere,! to the ornament. When cautioned the prisoner said J —"I must have been mad ; I hit her with the j iron dog." On the following morning prisoner j told witness that he had been suffering from ; religions mania, and had been for two weeks j in the Melbourne Hospital. j Dr. A. S. Patterson (Colonial Surgeon) said j he had examined the prisoner, and observed his actions closely since his admission to 'the j gool, and had not been able to detect any J disease of the brain or impaired intelligence or memory. He appeared to possess self control, ! and witness beliaved ha understood the difference between right and wrong. Arm-; strong had informed witness that he had been in the hospital ward of the Melbourne Gaol on account of inability to control himself, and that he had suicidal intentions. He further contended that he was insane at the time he j committed the offence, suffering from religious mania and irresistible impulse. Prisoner had j also said that he was now sane. Mr. Smith said he would confine his evi dence merely as to the state of the accused's mind. Sarah Ann Wilson, a widow, of South Mel bourne, gave evidence to the effect that pri soner, who was her cousin, had visited her house on June 23, and talked about religion. He said ho had sinned against the Holy Ghost; that lie could not got forgiveness; and that hell was open before him. He had then knelt down and prayed. Witness went ouh^ with him on the following day, and when in Smith street, Collingwood, he had knelt down on the footpath and prayed, and after wards made a considerable _ noise by shouting out. Witness called in a doctor, who prescribed for him, and after his departure prisoner asked for a knife a3 he wished to cut his throat. On the following morning ho was found hanging up in the yard by a dogchain. He was taken down, after which he stated he would have to put an end to himself. He then attempted to hang himself with a clothes-line, and" subsequently gave himself in charge to the police. After his release on July S prisoner stayed with witness, and he appeared as mad as c-ver. Armstrong's aunt had died in a lunatic asylum in Ireland. Witness had known him all his life, and was not aware that he indulged in drink. Miss Wilson, a daughter of the previous witness, gave corroborative evidence. John Porter, chemist, of Rundle-streefc, j stated that on July 21 Armstrong visited his establishment. Witness asked him wnafc was wrong with liiui, and he replied— "Hvery-1 thing is the matter. I ought not to have J come hack from Melbourne. .A v^icn told me j on the steamer that I ought not to have eoine back." When asked as to whether he had sent birn back to Adelaide, and he had com mitted a sin which he uoukl never forget. "Witness could nob detect any traces of drink about Armstrong. Dr. Patterson, recalled, said—After hearing ! the evidence that Armstrong had suffered ' from religious melancholia with suicidal and t homicidal impulses, and that he had been dangerous, he would say that when examined at the gaol Armstrong knew the difference between right and wrong. A period of calm usually succeeded the outburst of violence. He had heard of cases where a great moral shock had led to the disappearance of symptoms of insanity. Symptoms arising from drinking might last for some time after the drinking had been discontinued. Witness said he would rather not roily to the question put by his Honor as to whether any portion of tho evidence iudicaicd irresistible impulse. I His Honor addressed the jury at great length, dealing carefully with the case from every I point, which he explained lucidly. There was I no doubt that the woman had been wounded,and | if prisoner was not responsible for his actions 1 he would have to be acquitted. Tiu-y could ! dismiss from their minds any consideration of I tho point raised as to whether the injury was inflicted through uncontrollable impulse. After retiring for about an houki-he jury re i turned a verdict of "attempted murder.'' His Honor said he had never met with a , mcro wanton or cruel act. Tho plea of in sanity bad been presented to the jury, who had eorne to the conclusion that he was re sponsible for tis notions at the time of the offence. They were of opinion that when this i act was committed the prisoner was in a position to judge as to its quality. It was a wonder that ho had not killed his wife, as it was evident that two blows haa been struck. An attempt to kill was _ as bad as a case where a man carried his motive into effect, and in this in stance it was merely an arcideuf. that Mrs. Armstrong had not died, liis Honor did not feel justified in allowing a man of Armstrong's character to remain at large, and ho would take full advantage of the provisions of the Act. Armstrong was liable to imprisonment for life, and he would receive the extreme sentence that the law would allow. It might bo that after long years of servitude he would gain his liberty, but it was impossible for him to make any promise. Armstrong would be imprisoned wick hard labor for the term of his natural life. DISCHARGED. Hairy Kaspcr Bicker (45), who had been charged with unlawfully quitting the province with intent to defraud J. A. J. Kneese, to whom he owed £10, was on the certificate of the Attorney-General discharged. At 7.55 the court adjourned till the follow ing day. [Before his Honor the Chief Justice and a jury.] The Crown Solicitor {Mr. J. M. Stewart) prosecuted. Eniat Yarrow (17) was charged that while bailee of a cart, value £14, the property of William Williams, he did feloniously and fraudentiy convert the same to his own use at Adelaide on July 2S. He was also charged with unlawfully obtaining by means of false pretences from Jobn Hill, 43 ewes, one ram, and one set of harness, valued at £20, with in tent to defraud at Adelaide, August 0. The prisoner was also charged with being the bailee of a set of spring cart harness value £2 I03., the property of Edgar George Watts, did feloniously and fraudulently convert the tame to his own use at Enfield on August!), and a riding saddie and bridle value £3, the property of John Hill, at Blythwood on August 10. He was finally charged with un lawfully obtaining from William Bonnett by means of false pretences one saddle and bridle value 25s., one set brown buggy harness value £5, one set of spring-dray harness value £3 10s., one gold watch value £10, and one lady's whip value 12--. (id., with intent to defraud, at Adelaide, on August 12. Air. T. K. Bright defended, and the prisoner pleaded net guilty. (Left SiUiii'j.) 