THE^EGEET. \- . CHAPTER Lt-Continued. 'J^thben's^lóokchang^ njicóns^icmsness 'toijthat*, of miserable terror ^b.sr'rosy^face 5blancned4o the very lips, which were seized with a pathetic, helpless tremor. - "^Whatr she said, "what.f ' "The-murder. It wasn't one of your relations^ was. it?" ,I, added sus- piciously, wondering why the very : mention of so common an occurrence as murder should evoke anger in the \- father and tenor hr the daughter. " K*I- x)o you mean the * Coola ' \- murder I " she said, trying to speak \- unconcernedly. " Yes, of course," I said, feeling sure that must be the tragedy in which I "was interested. ' "It waa all in the papers, and-and ? you passed the place coming here, lt's between " BaUynafogerty and Bar . ravoc" . "Was it at night it happenedÎ" I asked, hoping to draw outi further \- details. "In the evening-yes-it was just " dark. But why do you want to know ' -you're a Btranger here?" and the . blue eyes flashed suspiciously. "Tama philosoper," I said, "a student of character. I like to specu- late why one should take away the life of another human being:" ^ "Sure, it's easy enough to under- stand,"-she said, clasping her hands with a gesture of hopefulness. . "I.can't understand it." " You're English, Mr. Barclay ; yon don't know how hot and fiery our . Irish blood is-insults and scorn \- madden ns." . What 1; .is * she "defending the ^/máT^^o^^'^l;'I'íitihóugiit^80 soft . and g^Óé/jwhb reproved me even now for wanting to shoot a few wild fowl?' I thoughts -" ".Then-it - was -revenge?' I asked quietly? ? ' " Eevenge I_did I say so T she cried, changing '.her' despondent attitude for one o£feverish anxiety. *I don't know anything about it, Mr. Barclay nothing'afc.;all,. at all j the-murderer -hasn't-* been found.' "I1 thought he had been arrested on suspicion." ":Pati Oh no; it's the fools of police did that. Sure, he'd no. more to do \- with it .-than, you have," and a faint .. smile crossed her features. .'An&how; old waa-the victim?" Not being sure of the sex, I took care to make7 use of a word that would apply "to either. >KHe was about 5(£--a strong man." "And-yet he allowed himself to be kiUed: "^Didn't he struggle ? " "An sure"," she said, "it was in the evening. & And V-with an accent «of intense relief-"here we are ; and Fd rather/Tiot- talk: about it any more, please." She sprang out as the boab touched ^^theshó^'rlea'vlng.mé to follow with the nètsTânq the fish. It was some time before I could collect and carry : them sdi in, and when I made my way round tb,'the. back, door, the grinning \- Biddy-stood^ on the threshold to take them ¿from??>. me, but * Kathleen- was nowhere to be seen, ¿r. "It's a fine haulye've had to-day," ri said.Biddyi holding up the fish admir- ingly by the gills. " Suie, the master and ye'llTfagè' a' feast to-nighfc He's a -fine, fat'fellow, and, will -make good ating,**she said, patting ihè trout affec- tionately."''Evidently Biddy's opinion of me rose in proportion to the size of the fislt/" Did he.make^a fine clatter . when ye' took 'him -now, Ï wonder? Ill engagejie.did^-the varmint 1" Herenppn"'Biddy'retired in triumph 7 to theTaichen with , her booty; and . feeling rather idle and indisposed for any&ing; -but loafing, I turned the : comer öf the untidy yard (in which some long-legged hungry -pigs marched about, .'poking their noses into every avaüa^;,dü$y corner and tempting heap of mad in search of something to eat) and strolled ^towards the garden: It wai a diemal- 'sight : outhouses in ;; every stage of decay reared their gaunt windowless forms ; here a door half off the hinges hung on one side like a hopelessly tipsy man; there a whole piece: c^xwajl^ad-tumbled down irre \\. -vocablyjyiaiittle- farther on the grass : grew ätobäis -' up . to . the window-eills ; > tfié^-'y^rja^'Xónce probably resounding '. ^^PÍ^t'^P of , cars and the] -'r\pohderl>^T^m'âé of" tlie'fámily coach) Iovinglyaur^ among its loosestones andgapingFcreyiGes.the crop of weeds and nettlest:which " deadened like a cMpet tiç,soùnâ of^my-exploriog feet. In front Tjf the garden gate I stopped. The whol^ ^pla'ce waa ' the essence of solitude^md desolation : these gaping ruins, these mouldy walk, these sodden , untended paths- appealed strongly to \- my sense of pity. ^amey^rjio; was a .plain, man of business, and counted " regularity .and Order as one of the ' cardinal virtues 1 Ancbyet the scene was not without its charm, its pathetic : poetry^f a&oiiatipn; the fortunes of ?;. the broken^own family who had seen \- ^better ç^y§, tp^rhaps; now^not utterly t< irredeemable^: interested my fancy and commattded^ay sysmpathy. -. A modern stucco villain a populous suburb would. ?*c-nevern^^Bact the powertoáttach-its -, ^owners to the .soil in. the way this poor old gloomy^ noose : had 'done. , And . . amongst the weeds what a flower of :' beautftuivgrace' and- fragrance had sprung,up ^HEni ' the stifling London streets ' Kathleen J couidt never hav.e ' grown^intb * so perfect a picture* of unconscious womanhood ; and as I ; thought this Bsighed, and'pushed open ti the heàyy^irpiï gate withmy hand. For ;;;;;orm^:sj^^^p^ossèssed"a rusty lock; but ti^l^ct .proveol'to be useless, and tt\ soon yielded.s-.to.' the; .pressure»of my fingers. V . t . f ' enclosed by im- mensely high-and thick walls, the mas .1 siveness'-'öf"-wh'o^e-;'8fMcture had re- sisted ,aH,efforts'of Time*"and Decay. Tiae, ind^^ " had only added beaut; in the Untasen and orange touches ol . color w^th>which his hands had plenti- fully besprinkled the old wall. The garden, too, had a picturesque loneli \ ness of its» own: the crimson roses I threw their.trailing branches on to the \ walks;'-the bushes of lavender anc ' ^inany^colpred iiphlbx mixed with th< \- 'aggressive - weeds and grasses in un ^tteède^^ self-sowi ânnals^à^ al heir suftmier^ togethe iniond and joyous harmony. A delici- ous odour borne on the languid air filled my nostrils, and the'faint 'kuy hum jof hovering£ bees" slowly gatherih'g honey -'frmn. -wide-open" .icalyces, :<-rose ;to "my ears. 1" sauntered lèisurly along, . smoking a . cigarette* and wondering how I should exist if I were compelled to pass all my life in this forsaken, part of the world. The garden was very spacious, like all old fashioned gardens only-;partly,-given over to vegetable' produce, and brightened with patches of flowers in all kinds of out of the way places. In one spot grew a clump of lillies of the valley, whose deep green leaves made a pleasant coolness; beneath the wall, in the sunniest nook tobe found, a bed of violets flourished; here stood old gnarled apple-trees, hoary with age; there, thorny gooseberry and currant bashes, whose straggling branches had not been pruned for years. *At the end of the garden, in a retired and moss-grown corner, I found a rustic arbor smothered in clematis and honey- suckle. As I approached I thought I heard the sound of tears, and when I looked nearer, there, true enough, sat Kathleen, her face buried in her hands, her body convulsed with sobs. She had not noticed my step, bat the shadow I cast as I stood in the entrance of the arbor apparently roused her, and she looked up nervously. Her eyes were red with crying, and the rosy mouth still quivered convu'sively. I could not bear to see my poor bright Kathleen so disconsolate. "What is it-why are you so un- happy?" I said. "Pray do not cry like that." From childhood upwards I have hated to see a woman cry, and I think tears from the woman I loved would have persuaded me into almost any- thing. It hurt me terribly to see a girl so eminently fitted for smiles and happiness, in such distress, and I sup- pose Kathleen read in my face the real concern I felt. "lt is nothing said she," wiping away the last tears that stained her cheek. "I am rather silly. Girls cry for nothing, you know, Mr. Barclay ;" and she rose. " Don't go," I said, taking her hand; "it is so quiet and lonely here, we can talk at our ease. If ic had not been for my clumsy intrusion I suppose you would have wept to your heart's con- tent. "Well ! try to forget my ex- istence." " How can I cry to order-in your presence?" asked Kathleen, looking wich a slyly humorous smile at my six feet of manhood sitting beside her. "Then laugh-so; that is much ' better. And now tell me the reason ' why you were so miserable." ,;Ño particular reason," she said evasively. 1 " That is not quite the fact, is it ? When you know me a little better, as I hope you will, you will see that I am to be trusted, even with a secret." " It isn't a secret," said Kathleen quickly, with' what I thought unneces- sary energy. " I am sure yen are not silly, and it would be very silly to cry for nothing." " Ï am not so wise as you think," said Kathleen, breaking off a piece of honeysuckle, and twirling its tendrils round her fingers. They were not the thin and delicate fingers of a town-bred young lady, but the brown shapely fingers ola giri who 'gardened and milked, and used an oar, could tie a fly, or hold a fishing-rod ; yet, at that moment, I preferred them to the whitest and fairest in the land. Thére was something true and simple about the girl which, with all .the foolish mystery she affected, drew nw heartily towards her. " Then, if you will tell me trothing about yourself, tell me about the garden. Who takes1 care ©frit? Your gardener seems fond of sweet-smelling flowers. This place must be a perfect paradise to the bees." ? '? "The gardener is myself and-the cowboy ; not a bit romantic^ you see. I plant a little and X weed a little, and things grow up somehow ^ but, of course, it isn't like a regular garden, such as you are accustomed to ; it's only a kind of wilderness." "How do you know what I am accustomed to?" I-.asked,, bending forward to catch a glimpse of her facè under the broad hat. "I can see you are a gentleman, and I I suppose-well, Mr. Barclay, you never I lived in a place like this." "I think it is a very nice place." "I love it?" ' she said; shnply, "because' I was born here;-but ! can see its shortcomings, ancThow dreary it must seem to you, and--" " This garden zs not dreary." " No, because it is summer ;: but in winter there are no Sowers, and the weeds grow so, and the paths are damp and sticky, and the dead leaves choke up everything, and the creepers hang about' like withered skeletons-it is dreary then, Mr. Barclay." I could imagine the scene perfectly and see in my mind's eye Kathleen, a pale little ghost, sadlyJflitting about amongst the dank and idecaying veger tation. " Well, don't let us think' of that j it is sommer now." " Yes, it is summer,'^ she said with a sigh ; then presently, - with a- quick little movement of interest, " Tell me about England, and' ¡your lift thar*" I told lier all I could think of that was likely to interest her, about my early struggles, and my determination to make à name for myself ; and that fortune had come to me and enabled me to give comfort and luxury to my mother's declining years; and, how, though I loved America, which had been to me such a- generous foster mother, my heart still yearned towards the old country. "I can understand that," she* said, turning to me warmly. " And even if America were ever so nice, it could not be home." "We talked on for an hour or so. Kathleen grew bright and animated, and laughed as freely as she had done in the morning; bat she never told me the cause of her sorrow, nor did she refer to it again. And as the sun declined and the home-coming rooks cawed above our heads, Kathleen re- membered it was suppèr-time, and we i returned slowly to the;house. Mr. i Donovan was in the study,'more morose j than ever, though he condescended to ask me if I had enjoyed the row on the lake, and whether I had caught any fish. I thanked him for his kind- ness in suggesting that I should stay; and told him what satisfaction I had received, to which he answered by turning away with a gruff, " Don't thank me-you're welcome." % After supper, at which the trout was pronounced excelleat (indeed, I seldom ate better), Mr. Donovan called to his daughter, who was sitting in her favorite place in the window-sill, to sing something. "Mr. Barclay will like it," he said ; come, Kathleen, give us the 'Cruis keen Lawn." ' Kathleen hestiated, and looked at me. "Pray do, Miss Donovan," I said ; "Irish airs have always had a great charm for me." " I don't know any music properly," she said ; " I never learnt the piano, and 1 can only learn things I have picked up from the people, and I dare say they are not a hit right." "Never mind that; besides, they are all new to me, so I cannot judge." Without further preamble she be- gan ; her voice, though not very strong, was wonderfully clear and sweet, and she sang several wild and pathetic songs with their appropriate accent. I listened while her father helped him- self to the coutents of his own Cruis keen Lawn, which stood at his elbow. I could see Kathleen's soft profile against the dim moonlight outside, fur there was no blind, and the branches of the sycamore tree swinging idly to and fro, and the spectral forms of the nettles and grasses in the yard ; within, with a kind of Rembrandt effect of candlelight, was the old man in his ahair, nodding to the time of the tune, or snapping his fingers to some more lively measure, and throwing a dark shadow against the whitewashed wall. Suddenly the voice stopped, the old man rose unsteadily. " Kathleen, my girl-Kathleen," he said, "that's well done. Come alorg, Mr. Barclay, come along." He hic- cupped out the last bars of the song she had just finished. " Now give us something to warm our blood-you're dull as ditch water to-night. Have a glassy Mr. Barclay. It'd real potheen." Kathleen stood tail and erect, her face white and drawn in the moonlight. She stretched out her hand to me im- ploringly, with a kind of dumb protest. I understood. Myles Donovan was drunk. (To be continued.) 