ECHOES (By Sound.) I Etn afraid from what I have beard that there ls but a very poor chance of Mr. H. B. Rilchle'e plumptoo on his Blackwood estate being utilised this- season. ' They bad managed to secure some .fifty or sixty splendid hares, which seemed to be happy the live day long, when In an evil moment, it was thought that others of the same genus would like to roam in this hare paradise. To enable them to do so an opening was made, fcouiethlng after tbe style of those mouse- traps, easy enough for mice to enter, but once int impossible for them to get out. Somehow or other tbe hares inside the reserve did not know when they were well off, and succeeded in forcing their way to tbe open country. Mr. Bitchie is now advertising for hares, and I trust the conning men of tbe district, for whose benefit tbe reserve was enclosed, will themselves go to the trouble and expense, if any, of catching" and supplying hares for the Blackwood plompton. That was good shooting of Professor Loris', alluded toin last wtek'e Echoes, and reminds me of some wonderfnl feats my friend, Mr. R. J. Willing, once saw performed at Narra- pomeiap by Mr. Geiald Buckley. On one occasion when Mr. Willing was visiting there, Captain Bogardus' clever shooting was alluded to, and to show what could be done, Mr. Bnckley lighted some eleven or twelve candles, placed tbem against a wall in a yard, retired to a distance of twenty or thirty paces and extinguished one candle after ano'her by means of ballets from his rifle. Next morning be (in my opinion) beat this by destroying a dozen postage stamps from a similar distance and by similar means. Sorely this wonld take some beat ing. There is no mistake about it, tbe' squire of Narrapumelsp is a rattling good shot with tbe rifle. Well do X remember his competing at a pigeon match at Stratbkellar againa the late Mr. J. M'Keliar with his rifle, Mr. M4Kellar using a gun. That ma; eh Mr. Buckley, if my memory serves me, lost by a bird falling just out of bounds. When " gathered " it was found that a bullet bad gone clean through the bird when hit only a few yards away from the trap. \- Bow ft managed to fly oat of honnds before it gave up the ghost I mast leave to naturali&ts; or others verBed in a pigeon's anatomy to decide. What is the world coming to? I find the following in an American exebauge : — "To celebrate and not violate the Sabbath was the intention of 300 aristocratic sports who witneesed the prize fight last Sonday night. With almost puritanic respect for the seventh day of the week, they kept on the same clothes they wore to church. Then they waited until after the evening services in the different temples of worship were over, i After that they took carriages to a ballroom near a cemetery. No ordinary back room with grimy walls would do them. They had to have a brilliantly-lighted dancing-hail and an elevated platform for reserved seats. The two men who were to try muBCular conclu sions inside of tbe ropes, came oat &od; delivered orations resembling the speech of Sp&rt;&cne; to the gladiators. Then the 6ght went on, and in tbe eighth round a prayer- book was thrown op inetead of a sponge. And lo< a multitude of people rounded out the Sabbath day with revelry/' Mr. W. J. Pocock writes "Christcharch in New Zealand is the only epotin the whole world that has (if it is still used as such) a properly-huilt cricket pavilion. This was constructed by a well-known cricketer for winter practice, and Is of incalculable valae to both youDg and old players. The build ing is 100ft. long by 35ft. in width, the roof being supported by light iron pillars except at tbe four corners where brickB are used, the sides and ends being open thus afford ing plenty of light. The bowliDg can be hit as hard as the batsman likes, as netting hangs from tbe sides and the ends of the building down to the ground, where it is made fast to rings. There is also another net to protect the roof, and another behind each wicket (of which there are two) and yet another 12ft. high by 66ft. in length down the centre separating the wickets. A cement pitch (spirit level) has been made from tbe poppiog crease towards tbe bowler's end 6ft. Id width by 24ft. in leneth. In order to protect the ground where the wickets are pitched, au ingenious plan has been adopted. A small box 18 Inches long by 12 inches broad and 18 inches deep, open at tbe top, has been placed in a hole made for its recep tion, and exactly at the spot where the wickets should be. The wickets are made of sufficient length to allow for the ordinary height from the surface of the ground. To wards the lower end of each stump a hole has been drilled, so that tbey may be threaded upon an iron rod which passes through the box from eod to end, and acts as a swivel. With a view of keeping tbe stumps upright upon this iron rod the bottom of each stump is loaded with lead, and with the aid of special springs connecting them with the back of tbe box ; do eooner are they struck by the ball than tbey return to posi tion agaiu. My esteemed correspondent goes on to say : " A place of this kind is undoubtedly a splen did medium for coaching ' yoaogsters, for if there be any latent talent, both batting and bowling, in their highest form, can be developed. There are very few 'born' bowlers, the most successful having been men who have obtained eminence by sheer hard practice. Take as sd instance one of the finest bowlers the world ever saw, viz : — Spoffonh ! 1 How did he make his name famous throughout the cricketing world 9 Simply by hard practice and study. On a vacant patch of land adjoining his father's house, he wonld put np a net, stick a single stump in the grouod and place a 1 pitch ' to bowl at. Half-a-dozen balls were used, and as soon as the over was finished, a yonoger brother woold throw them back. In these colooies just now, we have very few really brilliant bowlers, and there is no doubt that a determined effort should be made by tbe powers that be to foster this most important branch of the grand old game. Nothing would tend more effectually to bring about tbe desired result than the construction of pavilions for winter practice as described above. Nottingham has always been known a the nnrserv for some of the verv finest professional bowlers we have seen, and many of them kept their positions iu the front rank by means of practising far into the winter and starting again in the early spring. The writer well remembers haviog a couple of hours In tbe Chrietchnrch pavillion with G. F.. Veroon and G. B. Stodd, and bow pleased they expressed themselves at the novelty." The Coleraine stewards, although last in the season, so far as this district is con cerned, had a very successful meeting last' week. " Good -fields were "forthcoming for1 the lengthy programme of eight events, and some very close and exciting finishes re sulted. The nomenclature of horses has often been severely criticised, wondered at, and given rise to mnch merriment, but the publication of a telegram from Coleraine of the races in hut Thursday's Age takes the palm for " mutilation." Just Imagine the result of the Pony Race being given thus — Screen, X ; Freetiade, 2 ; Fires tick, 3, when it is known that Screen Is by Freetrade ' out of a Firestick mare. Little Ted is also credited with starting, and had the uoiue ! task of competing against his sire, Autocrat, although that particular animal has been unknown to the sporting world for some considerable time. When such names as " Blar-ma-Caloch " and u Wrattenbulhe " are encountered, a mistake in the pronuncia tion or spelling can easily be imagined, bat when (ydar.seer 8>e -former .-transposed rto " GKuo>a? and the latter f MuUentalU/? you wonder what you are reading. Allowing everything for mistakes in . wires, I think this report under notice takes the bun. A perusal of the aame will rev'dd -several other amusing errors, which I have -not time to refer to. Whilst on this subject I might mention t that., in , the- Spectator, report of the VCweraihetacefc. an' -error' was made in giving the distance /of . the pony raceas six„ furlongs jnstead,joL/Zoe The disparlty4hcime and distance would at' once be apparent to any sporting individual, but strange to say the same mistake appears in .another journal, poblished in this district; the ' day- -after ' the Spectator s. account appeared-Aod in a - subsequent issue a pan- graph- is .published . correcting rame. 1 also I notice in the same jonroal that a beahtifaUy- bnilt pony von a race at Tahara the other day, bat . as a matter .of fact, the race in q'aerttoo teas, von hyskoFt as ordinary and, cbarae -iookfog'pony ' as yoja Ooaia ffiiM in a day's march," and 'vdnM iierer have been near the first if the aeoond pony hadTioen" rau'Obisnhwid firimentU to 4e character of the fete Mr. Balrd, " Squire A biopioo," it it pleiaantotoSfrp Me to write something good about him. The atory is doesn't like men like the late "Squire Abingdon," any more than his neighbours do. "Jost after Baird won the Derby with Merry Monarch in the jubilee year, he was accosted on the street one night by pallid wretch who askedrfor alms." Baird looked fixedly at the gaunt fellow, whose eyes were dim and horrible to look into, and asked the man who and what be was. He eaid he had been an engraver, but owing to partial loss of eyesight, bad gone down bill nntil he was about at the bottom. 1 Where do you live ?' asked Baird. The man named a street down Whitechapel way, and Baird, hailing a four wheeler, pushed tbe beggar and a man who had been with the squire into the vehicle, and told the cabman to drive to the place. This was early in the evening. About midnight Baird turned np, looked grave and perfectly sober. He Btalked up to a party of racing meo, some of whom had witnessed his departure, and was greeted with numerous jests and ques tions. Baird in his heavy way gave back retort for jest aud swallowed & big glass of brandy. Then be called bis secretary to one side and said: 'Look here, pre seen something awful. A mao, his wife and eight children living or dying in one dirty hole of a room and nothing to eat and damme if they ain't honest yet. To-morrow I want yon to go somewhere down the river into the country and rent a cottage for twenty years in the name of this fellow's wife and fix lip an annuity 'that'll give 'em a bit to buy bread and coal with. I can't get that woman's face out of my bead, nor the chil dren eithervpoor devils, and I'm blessed if they shan't have a breath of fresh air and a chance to stay honest. Ton arrange it, mind you, to-morrow, and fetch me tbe papers to sign if I forget it.' " 