'HUXLETS GHOST' AND MR. JOHN S. BIR.KS TO THE EDITOR. Sir— I note the letter of ' John N. Birks' in your paper of to-day attacking me moet TirulenJly. I am full of brotherly love for 'John N. Birks,' but equally full of contempt unspeakable for the manner in which he con ducts hie pestilent and mouthing agitation. Quoting his own word, it would be '-childish9' to allude to his idiotic ravings, except for the mischief they cauee to the simpletons be befools or misleads. Whether be be an anarchist, or whether he be an — begin tbe word with 'a' and end with ' s' — I do not care to enquire. He in a manner challenges me to write my own name. Does his brotherly soul wish to see my property destroyed by _ bis unionist Iambi, after the fashion in whioh it was sought to destroy the steamer Wendouree, or my ekull fractured by the same as I walk home from my work like that of Hemy Martin on Circular Quay, Sydney, references to both which events appear in the same paper as his letter? Not to mention many other cases of the like wickedness. I respect self-denying bard- working men, I believe, much more than does 'John N. Birks,' but I bare no respect for the mouthing agitators who, not working themselves, live upon the bard earn ings of those who keep them and whom they deceive to their ruin. When ' John N. Birke speaks of my simplicity in accepting what tbe Melbourne waiter told me, does he mean to say that such a thing is impossible ': Do we not daily see even here the leaders living on the fat of the land, sleek and comfortable, while the followers are starving? Let me express my opinion that it is fellows like 'John N. Birks' who conduce to this sort of thing, and who are responsible for perhaps 15,000 men being out of employment who would accept fair wages except for the advice of mischievous agitators like I hold him to be. My brotherly love for *' John N. Birke' derives much spiritual consolation from the thought that verily he and his like will be suitably chastened when the cataclysm that he is bringing about comes. His union Iambs if they win will comfortably absorb bis -property, and if the other side wins they will provide him with a rope or a bullet, as may be found most appropriate for the circumstances under which he will be dealt with.— I am, Ac., HUXLEY'S GHOST No. 2. July 12, 1893. 