[?] t i jfcti Yi )R'Coft>0/ir <tables R# CHAPTER XXIII. — (Continued. ) The steward came at the summons, and in ft few minutes Choliy's eyes were spark ling quite as much, as the brimming glass of Most he held in his somewhat snaky hands. << Here's to our merry meeting, William," he said. "And now,'' he continued, as soon as he had tossed off one tumbler and had it refilled, " Now it doesn't seem half so difficult to make pledges of reformation after you've quenched your thirst with stuff like that. Well, I am now quite willing to consider your proposal. First, I think you said you were to . tell the captain and stoo'ards I was on allowance, and that you were the only al lowances Weren't that it, "William ? " That was somethiug like my proposal." "And I daresay I was to Eit by you at table and you'd kinder fill my glass or pass the bottle with a wink, eh ?" " Yes, that would do." " Ah ! well, to this last I couldn't have any kind o' possible objection. But, Wil liam dear, don't you forget that boozers has their feelings. I'm not alludin' to the jumps now, William, tc snakes and such, and bushels of starfcy dreams. No, certainly not, but ordinary feelings. They sort of objects to be looked down upon. Now you go and tell that long-faced skipper, or that lantern- jawed mate, or the stoo'ards, that I ean't have except what you allows me, and the whole jing- berry biliug o' them would look down upon me as if I was a croekiedile or a bear at the end of a string. No, William, that cock won't fight." " I don't see, Chollv, how else we can arrange it.'' " Held hard ; there's many ways. I'm a patient in the doctor's hands, we'll say. Not a bad idea that. Suffering from a little deadly internal complaint ; living by rule and all that. This you see, would give me an interest in the ladies' eyes. And that young uu', dear boy, is pretty enough to make a man throw stones at the parson if she enly axed him. Now, William, t.hia fa my motion. D'ye second it ?" " I suppose I must." " Bravo ! Well, we have now to consider the nature of my ailment. Let us run through the internal organs, figuratively speakin'. Mind, I was meant for the medical profess myself once. So then, we have the spleen, kidneys, liver, heart, lungs and organic nerves. Well, my "William, the spleen sounds cross, as you might say, mid smacks o' ill-nature ; as for affections of the kidneys, that would be nearest the truth in my case, for my kidneys are devilled kidneys, aud have been for many a day. But a man wi' kidney is supposed to be on a fair road to Heaven, and I'm not going there yet. So kidney won't do. The liver suggests a former nee of alcohol — that's risky and vulgar. But what eav you to the nerves of organic life — shook to them, don't ye perceive, in a rail way accident? And throw in a bit of heart. 'Sad story,' you says to that charming girl . Are you listening, W illiam ? " " Pardon me, Cholly, I must confess that my thoughts had gone a wool-gathering just for a moment. 1 A sad story,' you were sayiDg." " Yes. Capital Moet, this. ' Sad story,' you says to Miss What's- her- tally. Sad story connected with that young fellow's j -ken the young lady looks interested, the fat 'an cocks her ears. A sad story,' you repeats, and then you sighs. it anything we may hear, Mr — a — tc « r' says the dowager duchess. yes,' you says, only never men- un it even to the Captain. But it only proves, my dear lady,' you says, ' that "wealth without health doesn't bring happi ness.' ri duchess Y0UI veiy "wealthy,' says the believe,' you says, ' that he knows himself how rich he is.' And that is true, William, dear. ' How interesting !' says the fat female, 'and the young man looks languishing.' " But about the Bad story?' she says. " I must be brief,' you says, it is too triste' — pretty word — 'to dwell upon.' Going off on her honeymoon. First- class Pullman car all to their two selves. Train ran off the line. Hurled over an embank ment. Took fire at once. Heart-rending scenes. Carriages took fire. His poor bride in the burning debris. ' Can't go on,' you says, and you takes out your handkerchief and turns away your head to hide your tears. " How terrible I' says the dowager duchess. " It's just too awfully interesting for anything f says the young uu. " ' And my poor friend,' you adds, f has never quite recovered it.' Mind, you say quite.' ' Shock to the organic nervous system,' you says, ' and concomitant heart affection. Oh, nothing serious, perhaps. Time,' says yon, 'will do a deal for my friend. Bat he has to live by rule for the present.' " "Now, William, dear, do you see your way to work the oracle ?" " I think I do," said Frank, with a sigh. "And," added Cholly, "some time or other the dowager duchess is sere to ask you if my wealth — ahem ! — be in real estate, and, you "says, 'O, yes, real estate,' and mind William, there is no lie about that. Look here, William." He pulled out his pocket-book and dis played a wealth of documents that were very real indeed. But they were all pawnbrokers' dupli cates. "Aud now, William, I tnmk we ve ar ranged this little business to our mutual satisfaction. I'm not going to boast about what I mean to do, William. I'll have a try at stopping stimulants. If it bills me, why the skipper will have to expend a hammock over me, with a couple of 56"ib. weights, that'll be all, but I won't blab, e'en on my death-bed. Ah ! mind you, William, some o' us 'ard drinkers aren't the worst sort, when the burnt crust of alcohol is peeled off our hearts and nerves. I suppose it wouldn't do to have another Moet, would it ? Bad beginning? Well, I daresay you ain't far out. But here's a tip for you, William. Get rid of that long face oi yours. Don't ook as if you were going to be hung." " Harrison.'" "I beg a hundred pardons, "William. Pon honor I didn't refer to future probabilities, or to Dash it all, I'm only making a bigger muddle of it. Let us go on deck. And I'm going to do the big bug for a bit at first, don't you see. It won't do to look as if I were ready to pop into any clap-net. Millionaires, William, don't enter into social relations with everybody they meet on board sailing steamers." . . The people who had hitherto sat down to dinner in the saloon of the Mountain W ave, not a very spacious one by any means, were : — the Captain himself, the doctor — a quiet and unassuming young man, hailing from New York — Mrs Colonel Keighly, her charming daughter and Frank M'Naughton, known, of course, as Mr William Smith. _ A very cosy mess indeed — a very beautiful amalgamation. Not the ghost of a chance of such a meal being a silent one. Let me see, Mrs Colonel Keighly, as she dearly loved to be styled, for the reflection of her dead husband's martial glory in this way appeared to be reflected oa her portly person like the after-glow of a summer's sunset, was fat, fair aud forty — maybe more than forty (put this in small type, printer, please) ; there wasn't the shadow of a doubt as to the adjective " fat," though she had not a double chin, and though her eyes did not stick out, still she was as broad In beam as a Dutch lugger, and her nose was rendered almost diminutive owing to its being placed between her two cheeks— the only place for it, I grant. She was fair — fair in hair, golden, in fact, except at the seams, where the eighth of an inch of black hair gave an. unmistakable proof of dye, and fair in com plexion with a fairness that could have been blown off with a tiny pair of bellows. Put she talked very prettily and laughed very prettily, and had a pretty way of using her knife or her fork or her fan, and a pretty way of flirting with rings and bracelets and great gold chains. Still, lam sorry to say that musical though her voice was, she dm occasionally " come a cropper, to use racing slang, over her Lindley Murray. Captain Ben Boniface not only hfced to hear himself talk, but other people anq, es pecially, as it would appear, Mrs Colonel Keighly. The skipper was not an old man, he was not in his dotage, but he and therefore in his anecdotage. stories he toM, and the stores she told, — w ®H, they were worth listening to Parodying Burns, we might say— "Tfaey toM wi rim their queerest stories. The doctor laugh, vcaa Beady chorus." Thiswas really all the doctor seemed fit for. Clever he might have been, but shv I m sure hawse, sad if ever he by chance said a spieey thing, and the others laughed why, he colored up to the roots of his dark hair and asked the steward to the potatoes or some other equally ridiculous order. Frank and Tilda had a good deal in common; they both loved Browsing, they both loved Burns, they criticised Longfellow and Lowell, and never hesitated to speak their mind most freely about Tennyson and Swinbourne. They talked low together, as a rule, at table, and on deck were often to be seen arm in aim, studying the beauties of nature in the sparkling sea or the sky. Into this little coterie Cholly Harrison descended like a meteor into the sea, making a terrible commotion for the time being, and leaving circles and ripples that did not ' sub side for some time. To teli the truth, Cholly had no wish that the ripples should subside. He belonged to that class of individuals who dearly love to create a sensation and who cannot live without a certain amount of excitement of which they are the centres, and, which, if they do not find in society they will fish for, even in a gin shop. But this man, for the present at all events, found himself in a Eomewhafc exalted position, which was pleasant enough for its very novelty. Lone; before the second dinner-bell rang, thanks to Frank who, had not the grief which lay at his heart been so real, would have looked upon the matter as a very good joke or farce. Both the ladies, as well as the doctor and skipper, were in possession of fictitious history — if that isn't an Irish paradox — and felt that they were in the presence of a very wealthy man, perhaps, great Sir Walter ! a millionaire. CHAPTER XXIV. — Ceoixy is a Bit of Tegtjble. " Have you made him out, mamma ?" said Tilda to bet mother that night when the two had retired to their "State-room, which waB the biggest and roomiest in the ship. " Not quite, dear. I'll talk when I get rid of this corset. Ring for Rachel." Rachel was tho black-eyed bright little button of a French maid. So pretty, so pbtifce. Why, she looked a midge beside her mistress. Yet so handy withal, and so strong and willing. Had she not been strong, she never could have succeeded in securing the escape of Mrs Colonel Keighly from that corset of hers. "When the good lady did get free, she sighed and expanded. She expanded and expanded until she became more like a Dutch lugger than ever. "What a relief!" she said. "Indeed, Tilda, society hath its penalties. But, Rachel, that corset isn't a fit. Is it one of the newest, my dear?" "Yes, madame, it is one of de very most recent." Mis Colonel Keighly was strong in corsets. Strong in the strongest corsets, and yet, to use another Irish paradox, strong corsets ! were her weak point. And the advertising pages of " Frank Leslie" or the " Ladies' Journal," to which she invariably turned first, were those illustrated by sylph-like figures in the semi-nude, with dream-like faces and hornet waists. And one of the iron-bound travelling boxes that stood there in the state room, which Mrs Colonel Keighly would not hear of the mate striking down below, contained an assortment of corsets that would have been sufficient in themselves to have stocked a small shop. " Once upon a time," the lady would sometimes say, as she slipped her arm around her daughter, " once upon a time, dear, and not so very long ago either, I had quite as neat a figure as my little girl." To do justice to this lady's good, nature, it must be admitted that she was passionately fond of her " little girl," and not one little bit jealous. She would not have objected, however, to see her married — that is, well' married — any day, but thoughts of the dis posal of her daughter were not allowed at any time to interfere with the bestowal of her own hand upon some lucky swain. She might be married before her daughter, or her daughter might be married before her. It did not matter a deal how it went—it was all in the family. Mrs Keighly was kind to her little French maid — and never called her by any oiherthan her Christian name — treated her as a child, in fact. And this is also a trait of character : in the lady that is commendable enough in its way. " Have you made him out, ?" Of course, the " him" alluded to was none other than the dashing meteorolite, Cholly Harrison. " Not quite, child. He fa somewhat of a puzzle. It didn't take me long to size up Mr Smith, did it, Tilda? He is simply a young man of clay, and just about as soft as they make 'em. Good hearted enough. Come ' 1 I 1 "WMi through some bitter trouble in bis time. Ufa lady-love jilted him X daresay, and he got greathearted, ran. away to sea for a y ear or two, tired of that, went to the diggings and was lucky enough to make a few thousand, and fa eoing home to England to look about him ; that is, if he doesn't pick up some pretty girl in 'Frisco, or — who knows, Tilda, child if — on the Mountain Wave itself. "O, mamma, I'm sure I don't want to marry Mr Smith." " I don't want to marry Mr Smith much either, you know. I'm sure I don't want to change my condition, and I'll never, never forget the dear deceased Colonel Keighlv your father. Heigrho !" ' " But, mamma, dear, you haven't told me all about Mr Harrison, yet." " O, he's rich, I know. And the question is whether it be bacon, cheese, Btocks or the diggings. He's reticent as yet. "We mustn't scare him. We must remember he is a kind of invalid, Tilda." "Ah ! mother, that accident must have been inexpressibly sad, and inexpressibly in teresting." " Yes, dear, but men are easily consoled, you know, they don't always remember the dear departed. They're not like we poor women folks. Now, there was your dear father, my love." "Yes, mother, but we won't go into that now, please. Makes you Bad and me, too, you know." "Well, girl, if we won't go into that, what say you to go into bed ?" If Cholly was a little unbending the first night at dinner, he was altogether the reverse next day. Indeed, lie had softened consider ably by noon. Perhaps the champagne thai Frank allowed hi in to have was in some measure accountable for that, plus the free fresh ocean air that he was breathing. "Ain't I behavin' beautiful, William," he said, as he quaffed his second tumblerful and bent down to pat Rover. Rover permitted him. That was all that could be said. He suffered the caress, after looking up to catch his master's glance. "You know," Rover seemed to say, "I can't stand this man. Shall I bear this quietly, or flesh my teeth in his thumb ?" He read the reply in his master's face. " You must bear it, Rover, for my sake. The very thumb you'd like to flesh your teeth in is the very thumb that I am under. Let us be patient, Rover." "Yes," said Frank in reply to Choliy's remark, " I have no fault to find with you." i ' It only proves, doesn't it, that hard drinkers can abstain when they like." "Yes." " That is, you know, when there is any real encouragement. " " To be sure." " And when they're not looked down upon by the world." ..... -- - - / - -r' " i S » aem in abm STUDYING the beauties- op natube. " After my own terrible experience, Har rison, I should be the last to look down upen you." " Ah t true, you shook it off, though, and why shouldn't I ? Well, I declare, there is more in the bottle than anyone could have believed. Prime stuff, too, ain't it? Yes, I believe after all that I can either take it or leave it off." He pushed the bottle away as he spoke. "Ye can't sea it in my eye, can you, William ? Going upstairs to talk to the ladies, you know. I feel fit. Do I look fit, William " Famously fit. m try to keep you so." " True, true." Cholly stood in front of themirror, putting up his collar, and screwing himself into aU sorts oi impossible shapes, with a view to practising attitudes before the ladies. " Not a bad looking coat tiffs, fa it, Wil liam ?" " It's dressy and neat. Do you feel a bit smitten with the young lady there. Cholly ?" " Smitten, fa it. Did you say smitten with the young lady ?" He sat down again, and poured the drcp3 from the bottle into bis glass. " Ah," he said to the bottle, " you're a dead marine, are you ?" Frank did not fake the hint. " Well, now, here's one favor you eould do me, William. It's just in your line 'cause it requires tact and judgment. Find out for me whish way the laud lies. D'ye catch ou? Have you got the hang of it?" " I fear I have not," said Frank, with a weary kind of sigh. " Well, to put it straight. Find out which of the two young ladies has got the -brass. That's my meaning. For she's the one I mean to get smitten with. Bless you, I'd assoon lead the dowager duchess to the altar as the slim uu." " Well, Cholly, Til do what I can." " Nothing's simpler. One of three days — yon needn't be in a hurry — just say, says you, ' them millionaire chaps are awfully 'cute business cards, and always for marryin' money.' That'll be enough. The dowager'll swallow the bait like azotic baiting a dm, and you'll know all about what the Catena! did for her and the daughter, too. ilfiHire»- while, till you have found oat, Pli dfapoasc my favors between the two on 'em, with the most rigMaasdhighbisdimpBztiatito'. X (factor William, that Moet went down like mother's milk. Not another squeeze m the bottle." " Not another squeeze in me either, Cholly. But then, I know yon don't mind, you can do with it or without it." " That's me, William. That's me to a 1 1.' And the more you sees of me the »««> you'll understand and admire me. Now, the boys in camp didn't quite understand me, anl bo admiration was out of the question. But as regards the ladies, William, I see my way to marry one of them, eo bring there is a hit of the yellow behind the scenes. I don't mind Which it is. I tell you again. My disposition, William, is a most affectionate one, ami it is a most accommodating as well. You'll find that out yet. And now I'm off upstairs." A few oays after this conversation ample proof was afforded to Frank that Choliy's disposition really was a most accommodating one. For several evenings Frank had misled, his friend— as he was bound to call him — jast after dinner. As he usually re-entered the saloon about an hour afterwards, locking un usually brisk and elated, Frank began tc think that he was playing hiy> false, and ob taining stimulants forward. Choily really did have a stimulant forward, but it was certainly not a vinous one. To put it in another way, he \va3 playing his cards, bat they were not paste hoard ones, I must explain. Frank then could not hide from himself the awful danger he would be in if Cholly ever once over-stepped the bounds and became in toxicated. He had seen him wild, mad with drink, before now, and knew that he would denounce him — Frank — as a murdarer the moment he lost control over hirriceif. So fm« evening, while Captain Boniface was amus ing the ladies in the saloon, Frank put a cap on his head and a pair of list slippers on his feet, and going on deck stole away aft to reconnoitre. The night was dark aud starless, and the wind blew steadily from the north-west. The cloudshunglow on the sea, and the horizon was almost close on brad, a thick, black pall tha it was almost impossible for the oldest sailor on board to see a cable's length into. Feeling his way along the ship's waist, and intend ing to go below into the steerage, Frank had not proceeded much beyond the mainmast, when he heard voices in conversation. Though lowered, they weie audible enough ; indeed, he was so close to the speakers, who were seated on the bottom of the captain's gig, which was face downwards 'twixt fore aud main, that he could have touched them. " And youreelly do lore little me, you fqhuy-Engleesh man?" Itwai Rachel who Bpdke. \ " faitdove ye, petite pet. Why I adores j$ie vjery jground you walk on — that is the bcardsfcrtott know, that your dear little feet frjering over.'' was an interval just after this, "filled up, however, with the sounds of several little blandishments that Frank well knew the meaning of. " Aud you weel marry my mistress ?" " One on 'em, sure's fate, Rachel, my little love." " Ah, but veech of them, mon brave ?" " Well, sweet odo, I'd like to take your advice about that." " 11a, ha," Rachel lightly laughed. " Oh, you funny, funny Engleesh man. But you can not lofe dem both ?" " No, petite, I love only you." Another interval here devoted to refresh ments. " Ah ! you lofe only me, aud I lafe only you. Dear, dear lofe !" "Now, you see it is immaterial to me which I have ; but listen, petite, I have a little money, you know. " " Tees, yees. You have leetle money." " And I'm, strictly speaking, a man of business characteristics . " . 1 1 Now I not co nprehend. " "It's just like this, my little dear : money should marry money." "Ah, now I do comprehend. "Well, my Tilda's mother has de money. O, not a ver greet deel. But it is her own. Tilda she has one what you call pension." "Ah ! how much would that he, petite ?" "I not know. But, dear lofe, it does not 8eegnify, 'cause if Tilda marries, de pen sion go puff !" " O, I see, she loses it. Well, Rachel, I'll bang up my hat with the old lady." Two tiny hands were clapped now, and Rachel exclaimed, " O, I am so mooch re joice. Because she is my mistress, my real mistress. Yon comprehend, and when you marry with her I shall have yon all to my self." "So much for French morals," thought Frank, as he stole away aft again as silently as he had come. When Cholly entered the saloon again he was looking not only radiant but contented. He passed by Tilda with a pleasant nod, and seated himself on the sofa beside her mother, who had swept her ample skirts on one side to make room foe him " O, you truant, where have you been so long V said Mrs Colonel Keighly. " Shall I confess," Raid Cholly, " Shall I tell you the head and front of my offence, as Milton grandly observes ?" ' Frank was listening and wondered if Cholly was really going to confess. " The fact fa/' he said, " I was— smok ing." "O, yon naughty man ! But come a little closer, put your arm behind me. Now around my waist, sir.' Poor Cholly! it would have taken three such arms as his to go round that waist. " Across the back of the sofa, sir. Thaifa it." Then she bent her head towards hi breast. "I declare, sir," she cried, "your ooafc smells of face powder !" Most other men would have colored up. No portion, however, of Choliy's face ever did blush except his nose, ana that didnt set any redder on tiffs occasion. "I pat a little powder on to lower tire smell of the baccy." " Now," she said, "yon can remove jow i arm." \ ..... I'.,1. r But Gholiy Sid nothing of fte Mttt, and iimn you and as airl the OiUiVw, Trader, Mre Colonel Keighly didiwUiiasi. That evening Mis Colonel Keighly tud to SagTfttw that in a good many ways Cholly was dumbg, but go earnlfw w% his English. Ah ! well if he did make las money in bacon or cheese what did it matter. "By T»« way, ehlld," she said, turning round to her maid who had just finished fighting with her ample corsets. " Fetch me a of your face powder." " Yees, madams, yese, certalnlee. 02 teotted Rachel to her little cabin. Rachel bad two sorts of face powder. It may easily be believed that she did not brfricr that which she had been using re cently." w&3 French. Very much so. "Poor Cholly," thought Mrs Colonel Keighly, " I fear I wronged him. Thanh yon, Rachel." , « Now, Cholly occupied a bunk, the lower one, in Frank's cabin, and Frank always allowed b a nightcap, a fluid one, of course. This encouraged Cholly to come early ts bed. And his doctor— Frank again — insisted upon his bav ng a sea- water bath every morning before breakfast. 44 Well. Harrison." 44 PTng Harrison," said Cholly. 4 You. are too fond of that expression, haaz,' said Frank, his face getting longer. " I" always do forget eventualities — X mean future possibilities. Oh hang it all, William, pm a duffer. Let me have my nightcap, like a dear boy." "Well, there yon are, mix for yourself If was a short, stoat bottle that Frank placed beside him, with a silver stopper, and beside it he pat a long, thin taper glass. The liquor was rum. " Oh, by the way, Cholly," said Frank, 44 I found out for you to-night which of the fair ladies have the fortune." "Many thanks, William. I hope you hurt no one's susceptibilities, mid trod on no one's toes while finding out." Now, we already know how Frank had acquired the knowledge he was about to impart. " No, Cholly, I didn't hurt anyone's sus ceptibilities. I trod on no one's toes, though I very nearly did. Bat, Cholly, it is the dowiger duchess who has the little fortune ; her daughter has only & snail pension from Government, and that dies the moment she becomes Mrs anybody you please." "Thank you, William. But somehow I could have almost guessed as much. Well, then, dear boy, here is the position of affairs. Nobody on tins 'varsal earth is more sensitive to youth and beauty than yours truly, but yours truly has also an eye to the main chance. A man must live. See? Well, now, I empty my glass for fear I spill it, and I place it there on that side of the table, and here I place on this side the bottle — it's half full, William, and beside it I put the silver stopper. That beautiful glass represents Miss Keighly — there is nothing in it, beautiful though it be. This big, stout bottle repre sents the mother. Observe again, William, that the bottle is half full. Well, here am I ! Which shall I choose? Youth, beauty and nothing, cr beauty, bigness and a com petence. Why, the latter, of course I" " But what does the silver stopper represent, C.iolly P' "Why, she's part o' the big lot. She's thrown in, as It were. William, dear, the crystal stopper represents Rachel, the ins id.' " 0 Cholly, Ciiolly. I'm half ashamed, of yon." Cholly lifted up the empty glass. " Why," he said, 44 you don't mean to say I emptied that glass ? Did IP' " Ind aed you did." Cholly sighed, and Frask put away the bottle and pointed to the bed. In five minutes more peace reigned fore and ait in the Mountain Wave. CHAPTER XXV — Suxsmsra Befoee a _ SlOEil. " William, dear," said Cholly next mom- rng, as be scanned and. criticised himself be fore the mirror. "You were right last eight to put away the ram. Look not upon the rum when it is rosy. Now I have just bad my bath, and I feel a3 yoang and as lively a s a kitten. Things, William, is going to go sviomiiugly now. And just as this good ship Mountain Wave is going to carry us all safe and sound and easy into the e-Ity of the Pacific Slope, so shall I, figuratively speakinsr, be borne along on that Mountain W ave the widow, and the widow's love, into the haven of peace and matrimony and live happy ever afterwards on the fruits of my labors and — the widow's jointure. ''Bat. William," he added, 14 1 have no notion of being made walk the plank, thrown overboard, yon know, by Mrs Colon Keighly. And, therefore, my friend, I must take the precaution to change my coat before I enter the saloon another even ing." " Is she then," said Frank, 11 so very par ticular as to dress ?" "Dress, dear William; no, my boy, it isn't dress that the good dowager regards so much, bat she oan'ta'bear the thoughts of any other lovely cheek bat her own being pressed to this manly -bosom. . 'Twas the face powder that done it, William. " 'Course, you don't understand, how could you? But, you see, there is little Rachel, she that's to be thrown into the scale as a sort of an extra. Well, she is a lrfwfl o' pigmy and out-and-outer tbefWeetest little parcel of goods ever I've' handled. Now, Rachel has innocent babyish little ways that the dowager-duchess mightn't altogether relish, and when talking to me in the dark she may sometimes lean her head for a moment — O, only for a moment, William — on my coat. And as likely as not I may — er — osculate, that is, kiss _ her in a fatherly way. Well, -William, that nose of the dowager's is a rightsmart 'on. No, it isn't big, and it Isn't her strong point, but it's active and it's useful to its owner; only just let her have One sniff o' the face powder on your sleeve and she'll tell in a moment who the owner of the head is that was reclining there last. Jealousy in a woman proves she loves you. Granted, William. But, nevertheless, if you've got face powder on your sleeve of any particular brand, it's just as well to change your coat a'fore ye goes in. \- " And now lor a trot on deck, William, before the breakfast is down. <yun». ta, then." C&olly; nodded to himself again in the glare, showed a fine eel of permanent teeth ; then off he went. C&olly; felt fit, as be phrased it— 44 fins and fit." He bade the stewards good morning as he passed the pantey. He mat Rachael coming tripping down Et&tra;, showing her pigmy foot displaying & morsel of eOk stocking, and, will it be credited, he caught her , but there, nobody saw it, so why should I go and telL Somewhat to his surprise, he met Tilda on deck. He advanced smiling, and politely lifted his hat. 44 A sweet surprise, dear young lady," he said. Cholly always tried to talk his best English to Tilda nri her mother. " But what," he added, 44 sent you aloft so early, birdie r" Tilda laughed musically. " O f ' she said, 44 I can see you are no sailor. Ladies don't go aloft. Even American ladies would draw the line fit such a display. That is aloft." She pointed to the znizen-top. " Well, my dear Tilda, your Cholly asks forgiveness. He meant to say upstairs." 44 No, no, that also is a'loug-shore expres sion. Say, on deck, not upstairs." " Then you must give me lessons, Miss Brighteyes." " Put you up to the ropes, you ought to sav. No, no, Mr Harrison, mother must do that." 44 Oh, you tantalising little puss. I've a good mind to propose to you and marry you right off the reel.1' " Oh, believe me, Mr Harrison, the pro posing would be only a very small part of it. But here comes my mother. Go and say good morning, never mind me." Cholly did as he was told. Mrs Colonel Keighly stood at the top of the companion for a brief space to recover her breath, and Cholly went to meet her, singing low to him self — Her march is like a mountain wave, Her home is on the deep. " Good morning, lady fur. It is to be hoped that sweetest slumber visited your snowy pillow and claimed yon as its own. . But I need not ask, you look as fresh as the daisies on the lea, ere the morning sun has kissed the dew-drops from their crimson lips.' "Do be sensible, Mr Harrison. Men people so seldom are. What a bright, beau tiful morning it is ! Oh, yonder is dear Tilda ; we must go to her. Your arm, Mr Harrison." Cholly gave his arm as desired, and she leant very heavily on it indeed. As neither of the two of them had acquired their sea- legs, their march along the Mountain Wave served to impress the lounging sailors more with an extreme sense of the ridiculous, tha anything in the way of admiration. " Jigger my eyes, Jim," said one. <fYon's a sight." " She has ail the airy grace of Gruyere Cheese," said the steward, who was bearing off a covered dish. 44 An' all the illigance av a barrel o hnttermiik," said Paddy O Mulligan, who was coiling the slack of a rope. "Jim," cried the first speaker. "Fly like a good 'an to the man of the wheel, and bid bim luff a bit. Quick, for your life. Skip." Jim skipped. Cholly and his protegee were now right in the centre of the ivory-white quarter- deck, and the ship was on a .sice even keel, and as steady as a coach. Cholly gained confidence and straightened himself np. He shifted his feet to get into step as nimbly as if he'd been a drill sergeant. Mrs Colonel Keighly had one foot elevated, that foot seemed to claw \ the air for a moment, but it sought in vain for the deck. The weath r bulwarks rose high in air, a huge wall of water towered, curling skyward, to the leeside. Mrs Colonel Keighly shrieked. like some strong swimmer in Ms agony. Gholiy clutched wild at vacancy, and the next moment these ardent lovers were lying to gether in the scuppers — poor Cholly under neath, and a stream of foaming water, rapid as a mill-race, swept relentless over the un- happy pair, drenching them most effectually from head to feet. Ten minutes afterwards both were in bed in their respective cabins, and ChoHy told Frank he had never felt so completely flattened out since the date of his birth. 44 Breakfast, dear William," he added, 44 why it is out of the question, I have no place to put it in. I'm ironed out, I tell you, as flat as a butterfly's wing.'' 44 Do you think that a little Hoet would help to restore your rotundity r" 44 Just the thing. The gas will do it, you know. William, you're too good for thha world ; there is angel written up all over your benign visage. William j you never committed that murder. Hanged if you " Frank' s hand dosed over his mouth, and he could say no more. " William," he said, when he recovered his breath, 44 I'm a fool, and Tm constantly putting my foot in my mouth. Better luck next — ah ! here comes the Moet." It took Mrs Colons! Keighly all the fore noon to redress and get ready for luncheon. Undressing had been a terrible ordeal, for the new patent corset that m&dame; had been squeezed into that morning had never been built to stand immersion in salt water. It collapsed to a fearful extent, and the lady was black in the face before Rachel and the stewardess succeeded in cutting her out of the corset. There is no other way of describing the process by which, they managed at last to get her clear. But die looked as radiant as ever, when she sailed in to luncheon, and was quite willing to obaff and be chaffed about the accident. Nobody knew the real trnth about it, how ever, though Captain Boniface strongly sus pected the man at the wheel. It was evident to everybody, even to the doctor himself, that after this adventure Gholiy and Mis Colonel Keighly became faster friends than ever. They were sel dom now, if ever, apart during the forenoon or evening. It is universally ad mitted by all who have ever sailed the seas that shipboard presents many facilities for love-making and flirtation, and without ambtUie dowypr <!«<»» it 8h.it-»,tnae«d, -to indeed did shfl bX ,t A man must have his smoke, Bay. 44 Go have your pp®i Cholly , don't forbid tobacco." , 44 It has come to 4 Cholly' now , you ' _ the fond lover told Frank. 4 time it was 4 Mr Harrison.' Things is getting thick®. William. The mountain wave wmmi the duchess — is kind o closing head, and if there was a parson on board, Mowed if I don't fofak she'd marry me straight away." . _ But there was one thing that Frank could not help noticing, namely, that always after coming below from having his poet- prandial pipe, Cholly went straight away to his cabin and changed Ha coat. There had been a pigmy h-Kid pillowed on his breast, and it had i«?n there winch longer than, considering Ghoily's relations with the Colonel's widow, j it had any business to do. __ j About this Frank considered it his duty to I rally his cabin mate one evening. ) 44 Do you think you're behaving perfectly j square to Mrs Golonel Keighly I" j 44 William," said Cholly, turning a glance of pity upon his companion, 44 William, it j kind o surprises tha that you're not more a j man of the world. Do you pretend to think | for the sixtieth, part of a minute that the j mountain wave cares two pins for Cholly j Harrison, apart, "William, from the vast riches in which he rolls and wallows 1 44 Do you diinV, dear William, that at this very moment mother and daughter aren't sitting in their cabin plotting and planning how they can marry the pair of us, while my darling pigmy, secure in the undying affec tion ot her loving Cholly, stands dressing her lady's hair and smiling insrdly. It's all a game my William, dear. It's all a game. But look you, dear boy, as you have a soft heart, I thought Fd soften your path in life a little. Tilda is one of the daughters of the earth, but she is fair to look upon. Now, I said nothing definite to her mother about you. But I did hint that you haven't done so badly at the diggings." 44 Well, ChGily, that's a well-meant fib, for which I must forgive you. But I have a love already, though she is, alas J — " 44 Of course ; she must be a lass," said Cholly. "In not going to encourage your levity, Cholly, by the ghost of a smile. My love, I say, is far away." 44 Yes, beyond the seas, William, and you can't stretch across, so you know you can't do better than just be civil to Tilda. My eyes i William, if I were only free, or rich, it's the daughter and not the mum I'd sidle down close to of an evening. Hanged if » 44 Stay, stay, stay. Now off to bed you go. No, never another drop." (to be coxnxTED.) 