. 'LETTER TO THE YOUNG GIRLS 'OF I "ENGLAND. ' ;c: r:r';V-r' By 0. G. i vl i! : (Continued) " The writer has heard of terrible oases of ; remorse on death-beds endured by perverts. Noeartbly honours will then avail. Even a i 'Cardinal's hat will eive no ease to the anhirip heart) or be any compensation for a lost sonl. No splendid funerals or multiplied masses oan affect the. dead, nor Papal canonisations make the sinfnl into saintB. There is no safety in .being merely in the Cbnrob. Christ in yon is the one and only hope of glory. " If any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of His." Beware, Yonng Girls, of the alluring services in the " High Church," and avoid the 'Romish Cathedral. Toe charming mnsio will bewilder yon, and the spectacle delight your imagination; _ It is for that they are there. The opera singers, and the whole thing a Sunday opera ; while the subtleties and specious arguments of the Prieset will be too much for yon, unless yon are forearmed by beitg well taught in Soriptnre, and have (personal experience of the trnth yourselves. In that case, yon woold hardly be fonnd in jsuch places, grieving the Spirit, and die- honouring yonr Lord. The excessive admira tion of Church architecture has proved a snare iicr inany. Pngin dated the commencement of his apoetasy to it, and his last days were very- Baa and gloomy, passed" in a private 'asylum; When nature is failing, high art and -ecclesiastical decorations afford no comfort to 'the sonl. Everything that is imaginative aod rosthetical fades away ; nothing then will be A1, refuge and consolation, bnt that whioh iB real, the edifice built on the Rook, the Sure Fouhdation, Jesus Christ. Let mesgain warn yon of the Confessional. ,A. Jewish writer has said, " Knowledge ' of .wickedness is not wisdom." Many a woman .has been corrupted by the devotions of the Uohlessional. Therefore avoid it ; be warned 'by what hae happened to others, asyon wonld preserve your modesty and parity ot mind, for which English maidens have always been Accredited. Beware of Mariolatry, which iB beginning to be praotised so much in the Church of England, by means of hymns in praise of the Virgin. In some of the " advanced Churches " the " Feast of the Assumption " is observed. The Chnrch of Rome has diefied Mary. She holds a very prominent place in their; Obnrch, and yonng girls especially are tanght to pray to her, and speak moet reverently of her. There is not the least warrant in Scriptnre for this. She is not mentioned by any of the Apostles in any of their Epistles to the Churches. The last that we hear of her in the beginning of the Acts of the Apostles is that ehe continued in prayer with the diacipleB ; not was prayed to or worshipped by: them, and ber death is not mentioned. Her assumption into heaven is an idle fable, and the festival to oommemorate the same is one of the fine shows whioh is to slime the thonghtleBs, and the Bweet mnsio is the Syren's song to lnre them on rocks to the wreck of their sonls. \- The present Pope, in a recent Encyclical, has strongly inonlosted the worship of Mary, and oonclnded by saying, " No man cometh to the Bon bnt by His mother" — awfnl blasphemy 1 It iB to be feared that the English national oharaoter must already be mnoh deteriorated, when so many oan be fonnd present at these services,, and attending Confession, joining " Sisterhoods " and Monasteries. The con science becomes weakened by listening to these men. "Beoanse they loved not the Trntb, God shall send them a strong delusion to believe a lie." Remember when yon venture into any of these Anti-Christian Churches yon are patting yonr sonl in jeopardy. Yon are on forbidden gronnd ; yon are exposing yourselves defenceless to the poisoned arrows of the enemy. The advooates of a connterfeit and most plausible Christianity will be too strong for yonr ignoranoe and want of experience, and a religion whioh appeals so mnoh to the Benses, and is so charming to the mnsioal, is highly dangerous to the nnspiritnal. Mnsio has become the handmaid of Satan. Remember, too, that earnestness is no evidence of sonnd dootrine ; for the heathen are mnoh in earnest in the worship of their idols. Who more in earnest than the worshippers of Juggernaut, and other self- torturers in India 1 The Romish saints, who thought it very meritorious to live in dirt and eat decayed food, supposing that to indicate : spiritual purity, were much in eaineBt ; bnt the Bible strongly recommends cleanliness. So we cannot accept their idea of Banotity. 1 The Servite Fathers of Brompton some time ago advertised in the Times a service for E8Bter, the Coronation of the Statne of Our Lady, promising the distribution of flowers to all present at the adoration of the Goddess. The Bible Society bae translated the Saored -Volume into some hnndred languages, and sent it ont into all parts of the world. Many thousands are issued every day from their London DepAt. Surely it is time some Christian sent one to Brompton for the nse of the Fathers, with the passages marked for- -bidding to bow down to images of wood and Atone, and "those condemning in the strongest terms the worship of the " Qaeen of Heaven " 1 Charity should bejin with the heathen at home in London. It is sinfnl for any pro fessing Christian to be present at these seryices. Beware of the Priest who professes to offer a sacrifice for the sino of the living and the dead. There iB no snoh office or ceremony ''appointed by the Head of the Ohnrob, He -said not, Go, Peter, John, and Andrew, and offer an " unbloody saorifioe," offer inoenee, mumble prayerB, draw the people into the Confessional box, say masses for the dead, preaoh the antbority and terrors of the Ohnroh, and boast what "God's Priests" can do for people; tell them that Jeans Christ was the first person that said mass (as a Roman Oatholio told the writer), teach them to adore Mary ever Virgin, and to ask her intercession, and to nse her maternal anthority with Me. Yon know, dear yonng friends, that nothing of this kind is in the Bible. Yon know the Apostles' commission was, Go into all the world and preach the Gospel glad tidings of salvation to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized the outward pro fession of bis faith shall be saved." Yon see how necessary it is in these perilous limes to keep to Soriptnre entirely — errors are so subtle, and the advooates of error so plausible. \- The Lord Jeans always quoted Soriptnre to prove that He wae tne long-expected : Messiah, the Desire of all nations, and that i His teaching was in accordance with the Old i Testament, and that in Him the prophecies concerning the Great Priest, Prophet, and trne Paeohal Lamb were fulfilled. And so do all Hie real minist n. The Word of God is the only rale ot Fai.h, not the command ments of men or of the Chnrch. Fr-.m the Word ot God there is no appeal. Remember how great the responsibility iB of having been born and educated in this highly-favoured country, with constant and undisturbed access to the Word of God 1 Papists in foreign countries bave never had the study of the Bible reoommended to them, but rather the reverse. They are cautioned, and in many places forbidden to read it, but yon know Christ's command is 1 Search the Scriptnres ; ' and the Apostle Ptnl says : 1 All Scripture is given by inspiration of God ' ; and Peter says : i 1 Holy men of old spake as they were moved I by the Holy Ghost.' The Bishop of Ephesns, Timothy, is so approved of by the Apostle, beoanse ' from a child be had known the Holy : SoriptnreB,' whioh, Paal said, ' were able to i make him wise onto salvation ' ; and the ' Bereans were called noble became they brought the teachings of the Apostles to it to te t them. So we Hee that the Biblo is the Christian's Vade Mecum. The Psalms also, so mnoh qnoted by oar Lord, are fall of beautiful prayers, very different indeed from those in the English Oatholio's Vade Mecum , which is no more fit for the use of a Christian than the ' Garden of the Sonl ' or the 1 Glories of Mary.' Crosses and crucifixes are much need now, both in chnrohes and private honBss by the High Chnroh party. The writer read in one of their periodicals that ' the oross had worked more miracles than Christ Himself.' They worship before piotnres likewise. Bnt all this is strictly forbidden in the Bible. ( To be continued.) 