OUR NOVEL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED ALL ALONG THE RIVER,. BY ; _ MISS M. E. BRADDON, j Author of "Lady Audley's Secret," "The Venetians : or, All in Honour," " Aurora i, "Roye," "The Cloven Foot," "Dead Men's Shoes," " Just as I Am," " Taken at the Flood," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," "Weavers and Welt," We, do. (Copyrighted, by Tillotson a Son.) CHAPTER XXVI. (Continued.) t'GovB Deeper than all Plummets Sound." 1 "I was not utterly wicked, Martin. I of did not sin deliberately did not know that I was doing when I wrecked my life and destroyed my peace of mind for 8 ever. ' I never meant to forget you-or to be false to you but I was so lonely-so lonely-the days were so dreary and so I long-even the short autumn days seemed long-and the evenings were so melancholy without you. And he came into my life Suddenly like a prince iira~fairy-tale and at first I thought very little about him. He was nothing more to me than any one else is TreLneo-and then somehow we were always meeting by accident ~j?s4n the answer by, the verandahs seemed to care for all things I cared for the books I-loved were his favourites. For a long time we talked of nothing but his travels, and of my favourite books. There was not a word spoken between us that you or anyone else could blame' JA Common opening," said Martin Disney, " sin generally begins so." . And then, one evening in the twilight, he told me that he loved me. And I was very angry and I let him see that I was angry, and did all that I could to avoid him after that evening. I refused to go to the ball lit Lostwithiel, knowing that I must meet him there. But they all persuaded me-Mrs Crowther, Mrs. Bayn- ham. Tabitha-they were all bent on making me go and I went. Oh, God, if I had but stood firm against their foolish persuasion, if I had but been true to \ myself ! But my own heart was against me. I wanted to go to the ballet wanted to see him again only for the last time. He had talked about going for a long ? cruise to the Mediterranean. His yacht was ready to sail at an hour's notice." '. Ton went rand you were lost." "Yes, it is all one long, wild dream when I look back upon it. He implored me to go away with him but I told him no, no, no, not for worlds' nothing should ever make me false to my good, true * husband-nothing. I swore it-swore an oath which I had not the strength to keep. Oh, it was cruel, heartless, treacherous the thing he did after that. When I was going away from the dance, he contrived to put me into the wrong carriage-his own carriage and when I had been driven a little way from the hotel, the carriage stopped and he got in. I thought that he was driving me home. I asked him how he could be so cruel as to be with me, in his own carriage, at the risk of my reputation out he stopped me-shut my lips with his his fatal kiss. Oh, Martin, how can I tell these things P The horses went almost at s s gallop. I was sure we should be killed. I was half fainting when the carriage I stopped at last after rushing up and down I hill-and he lifted me out, and I felt the I cold night air on my face, the salt spray from the sea. I tried to ask him where I, was whether this was home, but the " words died on my lips and I knew no j more- knew no more till I woke from that dead, dull swoon, in the cabin of the Vendetta, and heard the sailors calling out to each other, saw Lostwithiel sitting amy side-and then-and then-it was one long dream a dream of days and 1 nights and rain and tempest. I thought . the boat was going down in that dreadful fright in the Bay of Biscay. Would to God that she had gone down, and hidden me and my son for ever ! But she lived through the storm, and in the morning she was anchored near Arcachon, and Lost v withiel went on shore, and sent a woman in a boat, to bring me clothes, and to attend upon me and I contrived to go on shore with the woman when she went back in the boat that had brought her, and 1 raised some money on my ring at a jewellers in Arcachon, and I left by the first train for Paris, and went on from Paris to London, and never stopped to rest anywhere till I got home." " May God bring me face to face with that roman who imposed upon your help- lessness," cried Martin Disney. " No, no, Martin ; he was not a ruffian. so He betrayed me-but I loved him. He knew that I loved him. I was his before he stole me from < my home-his in mind and in spirit. It was our fate to love each other and I forgave him, Martin. I forgave him on that night of tempest '"when I thought we were going to die together." *' You don't expect me to forgive him, do you P You don't expect me to forgive the crime that ruined your life and mine P" " His brother is your sister's husband, Martin." " I am sorry for it." " Oh, he is good ; he is frank and true. He is not like the other. But, as Martin, pity Lostwithiel and his sin as you pity me and my sin ! It is past and done. I was mad when I cared for him-a creature under a spell. You won my heart back to you by your goodness-you made me more than ever your own. All that he had ever been to me all that I had ever thought or felt about him-was blotted out as if I had never seen his face. Noth- ing remained but my love for you and my guilty conscience, the aching pain of knowing that I was unworthy of you." He took her hand and pressed it gently in silence. Then, after a long pause, when she had dried the tears from her stream- ing eyes, and was lying faint, and white, and still, caring very little what became of her poor remnant of life, he said, softly < " I forgive you. Isola, as I pray God to forgive you. I have spent some happy years with you-not knowing. If it was a delusion it was very sweet while it lasted." [The sole right of publication in West Aus- tralianas been purchased by the proprietors of the "West Austbax.t_t. "It was not a delusion' she cried, put -tinff4iervuras"rouud-hÍ8-neokrin a sudden rapture at being forgiven. " My love was real." The door opened softly, and the kindly face of the Anglican priest looked in. ~ ""IrhaveTïôeirthe lovers on-theirvray to Florence, he said, "and have come to see how Mrs. Disney is after her fatiguing morning." "I am happier than I have been for a long time," answered Isola, holding out her hand to him, " I am prepared for the end, let it come when it may." " ' He knew what she meant, and that the sinner had confessed her sin. "(Come out for a stroll with me Disney," he said, " and leave your wife to rest for a little while. I'm afraid she'll miss her kind nurse." Disney started up confusedly, like a sleeper awakened. and looked at his watch. " I believe I have a substitute ready to replace Allegra by this time," he said, ringing the bell. " Has the person from England arrived ?" he asked the servant. " Yes, sir. She came a quarter of an hour ago." " Ask her to come here at once." " Oh,' Martin, you have not sent for a hospital nurse, I hope," * cried Isola, ex- citedly. "Indeed I am not so bad as that. I want very little help.- I could not bear to have a stranger about me." v " This is not a stranger. Isolated There came a modest knock at the door as he spoke. "Come in," he said, and a familiar figure in a grey merino gown and smart white cap with pink ribbons entered quietly and came to the sofa where Isola was lying. " Tabitha," she cried. % " Don't say you're sorry to see an old face again, Mrs. Disney. I told Mr. Martin that if you should ever be ill and want nursing I'd come to nurse you if you were at the other end of the world and Mr. Martin wrote and told me you wanted an old servant's care and experience to get you over your illness-and here I am. I've come every inch of the way without stopping," except at the buffets, and all I can say is Rome is a long way off from every where? and the country I've come through isn't to be compared with Cornwall." She ran on breathlessly as she seated herself by that reclining figure with the waxen face. It may be that she talked to hide the shock she had experienced on seeing the altered looks of the young mistress whose roof she had left in the hour of shame. The faithful servant had taken leave of her mistress in words that had eaten into Isola's heart as if they had been written there with a corrosive acid. " I am very sorry for you, Mrs. Disney," she said. " You are young and pretty, and you are very much to be pitied, and God knows I have loved you as if you were my own flesh and blood. But I could not stay under the roof of a wife who has brought shame upon herself and has dishonoured the best of husbands." Isola had denied nothing, had acknowledged nothing, and had let her go. And now they met again for the first time after that miserable parting, and the servant's eyes were full of pitying tears, and the servant's lips spoke only gentlest words. What a virtue there must be in death, when so much is forgiven to the dying. ) Martin Disney went out with the priest, but at the corner of the Piazza he stopped abruptly. "Isola's coughing fit has upset me more than it has her," he said. " I'm not fit company for anyone, so I think I'll go for a "tramp somewhere, and meet you later at dinner, when I've recovered my spirits a little."' " A riverence," said the priest,- grasp- ing his hand. " I felicitate you upon this day's union; a happy one, or I am no judge of men and women." "I' don't know," Disney answered, gloomily. " The woman is true as steel -the man comes of a bad race. Ton know what the Scripture says about the tree and the fruit." " There never was a race yet that was altogether bad," said the priest. Virtues may descend from remote ancestors as well as vices. I think you told me more- over that Captain Hulbert's mother was a good woman." "She was. She was one of my mother's earliest and dearest friends." " Then you should have a better opinion of her son. If ever I met a thoroughly good fellow in my life, I believe I met one the day I made Captain Hulbert's acquaint- ance." "Pray God you may be right," said Disney, with a sigh, " I am no judge of character." He turned abruptly, and skirted the hill on his way to the gardens of the Villa Borghese, where he found shade and seclusion in the early part of the afternoon. The carriages of fashionable Home had not yet begun to drive in at the gate. The cypress avenues, the groves of immemorial flex, the flowery lawns where the fountains leapt forward, were peopled only by creatures of fable, fixed in marble, fawn and dryad, here and god. Martin Disney plunged into the shadow of one of those funereal avenues, and while the sun blazed in almost tropical splendour upon the open lawn in the far distance he walked as it were in the deep of night, a night whose gloom harmonised with that darker night in his despairing heart. Great God. how he had loved her How he had looked up to her, revering even her weakness as the expression of a child-like purity. And while he had been praying for her, and dreaming of her, and longing for her, and thinking of her as the very type of womanly chastity, unapproachable by temptation, unassailable, secure in her innocence and simplicity, as Athene or Artemis with all their armour of defence. While he had so loved and trusted her she had flung herself into the arms of a profligate-as easily won as the lightest wanton. She had done this thing, and then she had welcomed him, with was sweet smiles, to his dishonoured home. She had made him drink the cup of shame a byword it might be for the whole parish, as well as for that one who dared to hint at evil. And yet he had forgiven her-? forgiven her to whom pardon meant only a peaceful ending. Is not pardon promised to the vilest of sinners, murmured into his ear by the priest upon the scaffold, when the rope is round his neck and the drop is ready to fall? How could the offended husband withhold such pardon, when he had been taught that God himself forgives the repentant murderer CHAPTER XXVII. "Though Love and Life and Death should Come and Go." Isola was alone in the spacious Roman drawing-room with its wide windows and shady loggia. The sun was off that side of the house now, and the Venetian shutters had been pushed back and between the heavy stone pillars of the loggia she saw the orange and magnolia trees in the garden, and the pale gold of the names as beyond. The sun was shining full upon the Hill of Gardens, that hill at whose foot Nero was buried-in secret, at dead of night, by his faithful freedman and the devoted woman who loved him to the shameful end of the shameful life that hill whose antique groves the wicked Caesar's ghost had once made a place of terror. The wicked ghost was laid now. Modern civilisation had sent Nero the way of all phantoms, and fashionable Borne made holiday on the Hill of Gardens. A military band was playing there this afternoon in the golden light, and the familiar melodies of Don Giovanni were wafted ever and anon in little gusts of sweetness to the loggia, where the vivid crimson of waxen camelias and the softer rose of oleander blossoms gave brightness and colour to the dark foliage and the cold white stone. Isola heard those far. off melodies, faint in the distance, without heeding. The rates were beyond measure familiarities W^enwíth'ihéTé^:iabric'pf;kerHfo;^for' Those were the airs Martin Disney loved, and she had played them to him 'nearly, every evening in their quite monotonous life: She heard unheeding, for her thoughts had andere back to the night of the ball at Lostwithiel, and air that went after it-the fatal night that struck the death-knell of peace and innocence; How vividly she remembered everybody- tail ; her fluttering apprehensions during the long drive in the dark lanes, up hill and down hill ; her eagerness for the delight of the dance as an unaccustomed pleasure. a scene to which youthful beauty flies as the moth to the flame ; her; remorseful consciousness that she, had done wrong in yielding to the temptation which, drew her there; the longing to see Lord Lostwithiel once more-Lostwithiel,whom she had vowed to herself never to meet again of her own free will. She had gone home that afternoon resolved to forego the ball, to make any social sacrifice rather than look upon that man whose burning words of love,, breathed in her ear before she had enough' of nerve or calmness to silence.' him, had' left her seethed and seared as if the lightning had blasted her. She had heard his avowal ; no room now to doubt the meaning of all that had gone before ; no ground nsw for believing in a tender Platonic admiration, lapping her round with its soft radiance a light but not a fire. That which had burnt into her soul to day was the fierce flame of dishonouring love-the open avowal of a love that wanted to steal her from her husband, and make her a sinner before her God. She knew this much-had brooded upon it all the evening-and yet she was going to a place where she must inevitably meet the Tempter. She was going because it was expedient to go; because her persistent refusal to be there might give rise to guesses and suspicions that would lead to a discovery of the real reason of her absence. She had seen of been enough the subtle process, the society. seärch-light,by which Trelasco and Frey. could arrive at the innermost working of a neighbour's heart, the deepest mysteries of motive. She was going to the ball after all, covered, anxious, full of grim forebodings and yet with an eager expectancy and yet with a strange over- mastering joy. How should she meet him at ' Blow could she avoid him, without ostentatious avoid- ance, knowing how. many eyes would be quick to mark any deviation from con- ventional propriety P Somehow or other she was resolved to avoid all association with him to get her card filled before he could ask her to dance; or in any case to refuse if he asked her. He could scarcely venture to approach her after what had been said in the lane, when her indignation had been plainly expressed, with angry tears. No, he could, hardly dare. And so-in a vague bewilderment at finding she was at her journey's end she saw the lights of the the town close upon her, and in the next few minutes her carriage \- Hirasnioring slowly in the rank of carriages setting down their freight at the door of the Inn. Vaguely, as in a dream, she saw the lights, and the flowers, the fine dresses and the diamonds, the scarlet and white upon the walls, brush and vizard, vizard and brush. He was not there. She looked among the crowd, and that tall figure and that dark head were absent. She ought to have been glad at this respite and yet her heart grew heavy as lead. Later he was there, and she was waltz- ing with him. At the last moment when he was standing before her, cool, self-possessed as it were unconscious of that burning past, she had no more power to refuse to be his partner than the bird has to escape from the snake. She had given him sic'" hand, and they were moving slowly, softly to the music of the soft slow, waltz. Myosotis, myosotis-mystic flower which means everlasting remembrance would she ever forget this night P Their last meeting safest possible meeting place here in the shine of the lamps-in the sight of the multitude. Here she could hold him at arm's length ; here she might speak to him lightly, as if she too were unconscious of the past. Here she was safe against his madness and her own weak, unstable heart, which fluttered at his smallest word. And so the night wore on, and she danced with him more times than she could count, forgetting, or pretending to forget, other engagements ; going through an occasional waltz with another partner just for decency's sake, and hardly know- ing who that partner was knowing so well that there was someone else standing against the wall watching her every movement, with the love light in his eyes. And then came the period after supper when they sat in the ante-room and let the dances go by, hearing the music of waltzes which they were to have danced together, hearing and heeding not. And then came a sudden scare at the thought of the hour-was it late Late, very late ! (To be continued on Saturday.) 