THE DUKE'S SECRET. CHAPTER XXXVIII.. LADY VALENTINE'S JEALOUSY. ] The Duke of Castlpmayno retired to rtat that night with his mind anil heart full of the beautiful American ; for the time being the tragedy that lay hotween himself and Lady Valentine wiis almost forgotten. lie had no thought for her great afieution, her simple, child-like lovo for hiui. Tho beautiful American seemed to have taken possession of him. Ho was astonished to find what a wonderful sense of familiarity lie had near her — as though he had known her before, and the very sound of her voice was to him like » song known by henrt, the play of her magnificent features, tho clear, direct gize .of her blue eyes, the graceful curl of her lips; even the white gemmed himds seemed like a familiar dream to him. ?' I shall begin to think that I have been to America in my sleep, and have met its fairest representative without waking,' he said to himself. It was his custom to go to her grace's boudoir to wish her good- night — there was no son in England so attentive to his mother as tho Duke of Oastlemayne. Lady Valentine usually sat with her grace a few minutes to dis cuss whatever had be.;n tho evening's entertainment, but on this evening she was not present. The duchess said she had gone to rest with a headache — if her graco had said heart-ache it would have been nearer the truth. 'You are tired, Bcrtrand,' she said, gently, with l.hat air of solicitude no face save a mother's ever wears. ' Not only tired, but I am perplexed,' he replied. 'MissGlynton haunts me like a German ghost, mother.' ' Miss Glynton ! — a German ghost ! — my dear boy, what do you mean ? ' All my life I have laughed at what people call occult influences,' he said. '1 have never believed in any nonsense about magnetism or electric influences of one person over another. I have believed such things the result of a morbid imagination — but I am beginning be believe in them all now. ' For what reason V' she asked. ' You will laugh at me, I know; in fact, to tell ynu the truth, I laugh at mysolf. Still it is quite true that Miss Glynton produces a most peculiar effect upon me. When I am with her I have a vague, foolish, nervous sensation that I have known her in some other life ; I lenow you will think me foolish, but it bewilders mo. She is almost a stranger to me, and yet thero are times when the sound of her voice and the play of her features are familiar to me — indeed, so familiar as th give me a curious, un canny feeling about her. I cannot forget her. She haunts me. What do you think of ber yourself V' The duchess looked thoughtful. If her son could not fall in love with Lady 'Valentine, certainly the next best thing ' 'would be for him to marry this mil lionaire's heiress. She said to herself that she must answer that question very ' carefully. 'I think her certainly the most beautiful and graceful — I may say the most elegant and accomplished woman ; I have ever met. But, like yourself, I find something strange about her, re pressed power or passion of some kind. . Like you, too, I have a certain sense of : familiarity with her voice and features, although I know it is impossible that we have ever seen her until this season. She has not been in England until now.' ' It must be a fancy,' added the duke. ' There cannot be any founda tion for it, yet. we are neither of us fanciful.' ' Perhaps you admire her very much, : Bertrand, and that is why she haunts you,' said the duchess. ' She oertainly stands quite alone in the world of women for mc,' said the duke. ' No woman living has ever ?; given me such peculiar fancies and ideas as sho has. All the time I am talking to her my mind is filled with the strangest notions. What a clear, -direct glance she has, and it never ? falters. She must have a clear, honest bouI, but she eertainly perplexes me.' The duchess sighed even more deeply. It would be so hopeless to say more to her son — to tell him that if he would woo he might probably win this great .heiress. She had learned at last it was useless talking on such matters to him. . But that sigh struck her son's heart. He knew quite well what it meant. Perhaps few men in London felt more unhappy than the Duke of Oastlemayne that night. Look where he would there was no gleam of light or hope for him. 'Where was his lost wife — fair, sweet Naomi 1 His beautiful young kins woman had given him the whole love of her life, simply as a child gives away a kiss or a flower. He remembered how the sweet young face and wistful eyes had followed him that night. What of this beautiful woman whose fair pres ence haunted him as the presence of no other woman had done 1 ' He was powerless to help himself — he was chained with those fetters ?which no human power can break. He ?was a man who had, perhaps, the need of a wife to share with him his honors and responsibilities. His mother's ?. earnpst wish influenced him, too. As ho si. )od alone in his room he said to i;i.--:solf that he would give half his tie if he could see his way out of his difficulty — if he could hear some thing of Naomi and her son. Thon, ' again, he hesitated. True, Lady Valen tine loved him, and he inadvertently let her lavish the whole love of her heart upon him ; then, again, there was this beautiful American who had such a strange influence over him. ' There must have been some Rtrange planets in conjunction when f was born,' thought the duke. ' I seem to be most unfortunate — all the things I undertake go wrong.' And even when saying it he admitted that the wrong was occasioned by his own fault. ' What could money do, after all 1 It could not purchase freedom for him ; it could not bring any intelligence of his lost wifo ; it could not solve his doubts and fears about Latly Valentine ; it could nob solve the mystery of this fair, queenly woman whose calm, clour eyes seemed to read his very soul. Money!— why it seemed worse than useless in the presence of such difficul ties as these. Fur into tho night he sat thinking of the light that bhone in her eyes when she uttored these words : Unless you can dio wlion tho dream is pnst, Oh, novor call it loving. What had that look in her eyes meant ? Did she think he had loved any one at all, or having loved them that his love had been weak 1 She had meant something, such an expression had not come into her eyes for nothing. Ho dreamed of her all night, and rose un rested and unrufreshed. Lady Valentine was in the breakfast room when he went down, and his heart smote him when he saw her sweet pale face. He remembered how she had sprung to meet him with bright eyes and fairest blushes, how sho had greoted him with loving simple words. Ah, the woman's soul — all pain and suffering — had come to her ; she was Undine awakened from her long sleep to a life that is all sorrow. She loved him, and she was unhappy ; if she had never learned to love him she would never have been unhappy. He did not. understand himself, he did not know his own heart or mind, but his heart smote him when he saw how pale and sad that fair young face was. There was unusual tenderness in Ilia manner when he bade her goodmorn ing ; the girl looked up at him with shadowed eyes. ' You have lost your roses this morn ing, Valentine,' lie saidy ' we had better go it) search of some, lato hours and warm rooms are bad for you.' ' The hours were late, but the rooms woro not too warm,' she said. He touched tho pale face caressingly with his hand, but she drew back from him with a gesture of pride. ' Do not bo kind to me, San Sabab tian,' she said ; ' I do not deserve it.' ' Why, what does this humility mean, Valentine? Why do you not deserve kindness 1 ' She shook her bead after a charming : fashion. ' J may just as well tell you,' sho said. ' I was wicked last night ; not naughty but wicked.' He looked much amused at the idea of wickedness in one so young and fair. ' I don't think you know what the word wicked means, Valentine,' he said gently. He could not resist the temp tation of drawing that fair head nearer to him, but she looked up again. ' Do not be kind to me, San Sebas tian ; you will noc be angry with me when I. tell you. I must tell you, for you would be quite sure to find it out.' ' Then toll me,' he said, laughingly, what made you wicked last night, Valentine? ' Miss Glynton,' she answered, quickly, 'I was quite jealous of her — I could not help it. You must be angry if you will. I was jealous. You do not know how different you are with her ; you look .as though she had magnetized you — and — I heard what people said.' ' What did they say, Valentine?' ' Many things that angered me — they said you were a handsome couple.' ' That was not my fault, Valentine. I did not say so.' ' Lady Cbartsris said Bhe would make tho most splendid duchess in England ; and some one else — I forgot who it was — that her Grace of Oastlemayne would be' thankful even for an American daughter in law.' 'That would have been a terrible blow to my'mother had she heard it,' he said, laughingly. ' Hearing all these things,' continued Lady Valentine, ' I looked at you, and do you know, San Sebastian, 1 was just a little startled.' ' At what ? ' ha asked, briefly. ' Something in your manner to her quite different to any one else, and then — I was jealous. Ah, my dear,'1 she continued, with earnest pathos, ' I can give you up for a real choice, but not for a fancy. I can love you and help you as long as I live, but I cannot stand by and see you make love to others.' ' I did not,' 8aid the duke. ' It looked very much like it,' ..said Lady Valentino. 'Then appearances were against me,'' hi said. 'rhad — ab, Valentine, you bt w it — I had not thought of making Io i. You have no need to be jealous.'' j3e took the little white hand she held out to him and pressed it. Ab, why could he not clasp the girlish form in his arms, and kiss the roses back into tho pale, sweet face.' ' You need never be jealous, Valen tine.' She looked at him with sweet, shy affection. , ' You know my secret, San Sebastian,' she said. ' Bub you must not torture me.' And there was no time to say more, for the duchess entered the room. (To be Continued.) 