PARLIAMENT. Wednesday, July 5. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Speaker read prayers, and took the chair at 3.30 o'clock. QUESTION. s Mr. Philp, in answer to Sir. Jackson, said all explosives landed at Queensland ports were examined, and if they were found to be of an inferior quality they were destroyed. If was the intention of the Government to cause a pamphlet to be issued, describing the proper working and safeguarding of wire ropes in Queensland mining districts. RAILWAY BORDER TAX BILL. The adjourned " debate on the second reading of the Railway Border Tax Bill was resumed. Mr. Byrnes said he had experienced a feeling of disappointment in the speeches which had been made in opposition to the bill on the previous day. He thought the majority had taken much too low a ground in considering the matter. It was a ques 1 son of national importance, and had not been brought forward in any parochial spirit. It was the duty of every self-governing country to preserve its own territory, and that he took it, was what Queensland was doing at the present time. Prior to dealing with the correspondence he might tell them that there was a considerable feeling in the northern territory of New South Wales in favour of the bill which was now before the House. The reason for bringing in the measure, and the object of the measure, had been made the subject of considerable misrepresentation. He denied that it was in any way tyrannical measure, but one of self-defence. Mr. Leahy had thought fit on the previous day to say that there was nothing in the correspondence, but he contended that the whole gist of the subject lay therein. The first letter, they would notice, was dated October, 1891-; but before that date the New South Wales railway authorities had quoted special rates for a portion of Queensland territory with the object of diverting that traffic into New South Wales. The rates which were quoted were special rates. If they had been ordinary rates and the traffic had' gone there of its own accord one could not have taken any objection; but that was not-the case. The rates which were quoted were J.U Os. 11d. for stations south of the Paroo and £8 7s. for stations to the west. The consequence, of course, was that the traffic in the latter case was diverted into New South Wales. On that he directed their attention to the correspondence which had ensued, but in doing so reminded the House that this was not a case of a difference between secretary and secretary or of Commissioner and Ooinrais sioner, but one between colony and colony. In all the correspondence which had taken place the Ministers had been consulted. Having referred to the correspondence which has already been published, Mr Byrnes said what the Commissioners had laid down throughout was, " Take your own traffic leave us our own, and let any other matter be decided by conference." That was an honest position to take up, but it was met by the usual' official statement that would receive consideration. The Queensland Commissioners then made rates which secured a portion of the Queensland traffic, a- course which the New South Wales authorities took considerable umbrage at. The letter of the 9th March, 1898, from Mr. Eddy, the Chief New South Wales Commissioner, to Mr. Mathieson was a piece of impertinence, when under the circumstances the accusation was made that the Queensland department had been going in for" cutting rates, with the object of inducing traffic to come to the Queensland lines. The low rates from Sydney to the border and back were, as far as they knew, the same as to place 200 miles further from Sydney. Complaint had been made that every effort to bring about a reconciliation had not been made, but he pointed out that the Commissioners of Queensland had offered to meet the Sydney Railway Department in regard to competitive rates of, traffic, and the answer declined to discuss the matter as far as affected the 1898 traffic ! yet effort had been made after this reply of the New South Wales Government to further reduce the rates in order to tap Queensland traffic. The New South Wales people proposed to discuss the next year's traffic. Mr. Allan : "Is that not worth while?"] It was a * deliberate evasion. (Hear, hear.) They refused to discuss the question in its present hearing. On the 3rd June Mr. Mathieson pointed out to New South Wales the presence of their agents in Queensland, and the next thing heard of was a by-law reducing rates not only west of the Paroo, but east of that division as far north as people were likely to send their wool to New South Wales. It compassed a further invasion of Queensland territory. in the Queensland districts north of the 28th parallel and west of the Paroo River (for which the New South I Wales Commissioners had quoted £2 14s. 6d. per ton for wool, and which had been said by Mr. Leahy to have produced 87 tons last year there were 87fi,!)87 sheep. The country affected east of the Paroo (for which -53 7s. per ton had been quoted by New South Wales) contained 704,968 sheep, arid trie principal stations south of the 28th parallel and west of the Paroo, for which we 7s. had been quoted, 534,918 sheep. The area affected by the by-law of the New South Wales Railway Commissioners comprised a total of about 2,000,000 sheep, and the wool exported from that area would be something like 6000 tons. There was also the question of up- loading to be" considered, and " the increasing output from year to year. Last year 4744 tons of wool went over the Queensland border, and by the Charleville line 1700 tons were sent and it was the fact that the Queensland Government had got 1700 tons of their own wool that caused the New South Wales Commissioners to fix differential rates. The sum involved was really something like £40,000 instead of 8000\. It was seen that the New South Wales people were likely to still further carry away the Queensland trade, and the proposal to consider the question, of next year's clip was small consolation to. Queensland. The correspondence showed that New South Wales ' Was the aggressor throughout, and this opinion was held not only by Queensland, ; but by an influential section of the New ~ South Wales Press. He believed that if the bill was passed the necessity of putting it into force would not arise, and instead of reprisals, when the neighbouring colony WAS brought to its sends a better feeling would prevail. The bill was not an attempt at hasty legislation, but the matter had been before the proper authorities for a considerable period. Mr. Allan could not be said to be speaking on behalf of his constituents when he spoke against the bill. They had heard often about prohibitive railway rates, and if the greater traffic was secured the rates would be less. The present bill was a measure tending to increase the railway revenue, and consequently to decrease the rates. The line that took down the wool would bring back the Hour, and he showed from the schedule that reductions had been made on the railways with a view to encouraging the traffic in flour to places from which it was expected wool would be sent. Inductions had been made with the object of encouraging the flour traffic, and if the wool traffic were preserved to the line they might take it for granted that the flour traffic would he retained. Mr. Allan had quoted a long letter from Mr. Higginson, but it was impossible that that gentleman could have seen the bill at the time he wrote the letter. He was not aware of the existence of the permissive clause, nor of the fact that the border could be defined by proclamation. [Mr. Allan: "I do not think it would have made any difference."] Mr. Higginson could not have known of the provisions contained in the bill, It was idle either for Mr. Leahy or Mr. More- head to say that they had looked upon the measure in other than a parochial spirit. Mr. Drake had gone out of his way to refer to the difference between Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith and the Bank of England, land insinuated that the present bill had been introduced in temper. It was unfortunate that the silence on the subject of the Bank of England had been broken, and the only result would be to cause irrita- tion. He (Mr. Byrnes) as a colleague of Sir Thomas McIlwraith at the time of the dispute, denied that Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith had asked his colleagues to apologise, for what he had said. On the contrary he had made the ample apology he had against the wish of' some of his colleagues. With regard to the reprisals which had been threatened over the present bill, let New South Wales take what measures she liked. If she wanted to bring in a stock tax, and if it would pay her to bring in a stock tax, they might rest assured that it would he brought in. On the previous day Mr. Allan had referred to a leader which had appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald; but he (Mr. TYres) would refer them to a leader which appeared in a paper of more importance-the Sydney Daily Telegraph. He reminded them, again, that this was not a question of a quarrel between colony and colony, but between Queensland and the Sydney Chamber of Commerce. (Hear, hear.) The Sydney Daily Telegraph had pointed out that unless the New South Wales Commissioners answered the charge that they had made cutting rates in order to secure a portion of the Queensland traffic, the Queensland Commissioners' case remained unchallenged. The article went on to point out that if what was now proceeding were not put an endtoitinightresultintho end in giving a bonus in order to secure the traffic. In conclusion. it was suggested that the difficulty could be met by the imposition' of an export duty on wool by the Queensland Parliament, with a rebate if it were shipped from Queensland ports. It had been said that the bill was a threat ; but it might happen that they would not have to put it into force. At the same time, if they had to go to war it was no use going with an empty 'musket- He- held with the old maxim, " If you desire peace you must prepare for war." He had heard it said that the bill was not to be proceeded with. That was not correct. The Government would proceed with it as far as they possibly could, and members voting against it would do so with their eyes open, and must be prepared for the consequences. ' (Applause.) Mr. Powers said he was glad the Government had at last recognised the necessity of answering the arguments which had been brought forward against the bill. Mr. Byrnes had taunted the opponents of the measure with having taken a narrow-minded view of the matter ; but he (Mr. Powers) maintained that it was the hon. member himself who had been narrow-minded. [Mr. llynxKS : ". I take a Queensland view otk."] He did not think any case had been made out for entering into a war of tariffs with New South Wales, nor for imposing a tax upon certain persons who happened to be unfortunately situated. What was the proposal other than an increased rent on the persons who would be affected ? [Mr. Barlow: "The tax will never be paid."] It seemed to his mind that the Government had shown an easy way of raising the rents of the pastoral lessees all over the colony. The attitude of the Government was the same as they had taken up during the shearers' strike when they said to the shearers'' Give up everything you want and then we will have a conference." ' if they were going into the war it seemed to him that Queensland would suffer in the long run. The reprisals would-be on the people of the colony, while the loss would be only on the part of a few. He could not understand the attitude of the federationists with regard to the matter. As to the attitude of the Sydney Daily Telegraph, he reminded them that New South Wales papers could take somersaults as well as those nearer home; and he referred the House to a leading article which had appeared on the 30th of June. The article referred to the legislation proposed by Queensland as a resort to old-time fiscal barbarism, and suggested that under the circumstances the Commissioners should give up the ghost. It had been pointed out that some members were interested as far as flour was concerned, but as long as the present Queensland rates existed there was no chance of competing with the New South Wales railways in the carriage of flour. If the present rates on wool on Queensland railways were raised it would suit the growers to pay the export tax rather than patronise the Queensland lines. He thought the border under the bill should be defined and not left to political influence to get certain stations exempted from the duty. He contended that the first gun should not be fired by the Ministry at the instigation of the Commissioners before every possible effort was made to satisfactorily and amicably settle the dispute. Mr. Hap.dauek felt he would be compelled to vote against the bill. The bill was more a war against the people of Queensland than against New South Wales. He thought that if a reduction of the railway freights at present choking off traffic from Queensland railways were made, the object aspired to in the bill "j would be the more simply attained. J New South Wales offered cheap I rates successfully, and if Queensland I followed this lead the traffic on the lines J would be increased. If one reduction , brought on another he would not object to the reductions becoming so great that the railways should be free, and the Government revenue provided from the enhanced , value of land along the railway routes. . He considered that the demand met with on the border for SOn. or we'll forfeit your team would be legalised robbery. He held the tax was distinctly an export tax, and would increase the cost of sending the wool to market. It would thereby decrease the value of squatting property, and consequently the prosperity of the colony and probably the wages of the shearers. [A Voice : " What about the railway employees.?"] He held that the bill would increase the cost of the goods consumed by the people in the districts affected. The bill" compelled the team driver to pay the border tax, and not the station-owner. There was no provision to compel the station- owner to repay the tax to the driver. The station-owner would, perhaps, offer only a slight increase on present rates to the carrier while sending his wool across the border, and thereby make the carrier pay the border tax. Mr. Morgan said he thought the Government would have been carrying forbearance to the length of folly if they had allowed the New South Wales Railway Commissioners to carry on their present tactics. He believed the measure would be effective without enforcing the tax on a single bale of wool, and that the New South Wales authorities would, when they saw the Queensland Government armed with the power given in the bill, agree to a conference to settle the matter. Queensland was only asking for its fair trade at fair rates instead of being compelled to quote rates which were not remunerative. He hoped the hill would become law, and if it did he believed that some agreement would be come to whereby the differential or rather preferential rates might be got rid of. Queensland could not afford to lose the 1'80,000 of revenue it was at present losing, and he believed that by bringing the traffic to the railways of the colony an easier outlet would he obtained for the produce of the colony. He held that even if the bill were enforced it would, so far from becoming another lion in the path of federation, be a means of putting: before the people the advantages of living under a central Government and of joint action on matters appertaining to different parts. He considered the bill in the light of a loaded revolver, which was put in the hands of the Government to prevent the burglaries of the national household. A division was taken with the following result : Ayres, 20. Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, Messrs. Barlow, Byrnes, Nelson, Tozer, Philp, Annoui', Tooth, Midson, Petrie, Stephens, Watson, M'Mastor, Smith, Lord, Armstrong, Kingsbury, Thorn, Dickson, Smyth, Crimes, Cribb, Burns, Corfield, Thomas, Macfarlane, Morgan, O'Connell, and Plunkett., , , Nors, 29. Messrs. Drake, Powers, Groom, Fogarty, Agnew, Daniells, Fisher, Browne, JI'Donnid, Cross, Dawson, Jackson, Rawlings, Cameron, Phillips, Murray, Leahy, Morehead, Cadell, Harding, Turley, Reid, ICIntr, Dmisfoul, Hardacre, Hoolan, Kerr, Allan, and Crombie.. The Si'EÁKtin having announced the result of the division said I give my casting vote for the eyes, and I do so that the matter may receive further consideration. Sir T. M'Ilwraith The matter will have consideration. The Government have no intention of carrying on the government of Queensland by means of the casting vote of the Speaker. I move that the committal of the hill stand an Order of the Day for Tuesday next. The motion was agreed to. ADJOURNMENT. On the motion of Sir T. M'Ilwb with the House adjourned at 6 o'clock till the usual hour the following day 