SPORTING. J 'Freelance' tips Merrigal or Maori for the Hurdle Race at Caulfield to morrow. Mr A. F. Bradshaw ('Sterling') is :to be tendered a complimentary race meeting. The Cootamundra Turf Club hold their Spring Meeting 011 Friday, Sep tember 1st. i eays Melbourno Judge : — ' When the spring time comes along,' lads, keep an eye on JD. Ho is much improved.' At Rosehill last week Arindno won the Galloway Hundicap by a neck from a good field, starting at 3 to 1. The racehorse Jonathan is reported to liave been blistered in consequence : of one of his knees being enlarged ? ' At OakleighPark races, held on the 15 til. inpt., the horse Alarm, owner Rout, and jockey Guiuanc, were dis qualified for three months for the sus picious running of the first-named. Private advices frcin Melbourno say .'that the injured jockey, P. Keating, ' though 'not out of the hospital, is hot 'likely 'to ride again. ? ' 1 Titan, the high priced gelding, is to '.'be given a chance over hurdles. The ;sdn of Tempe will be trained in the 'future by J. Scobie. ' : Tlie' thoroughbred stallion Applause, by Angler — Approbation, lias been sold by Mr J. Dallinger, of Albury, , the present owner of Whakawai, to .'?Mr J. Reid, of K-hancoban, Upper Murray. ? ' Asmodeus ' has selected Redleap, ? Tim Swiveller, Freedom, Donald, and Wellington to win the V.Il.C. Grand National Hurdle Race, and Albert, Shylock, Trojan, Kremlin, Wellington, and Medicine as the most likely to fur ,-. nish the winner of the Grand National .'Steeplechase. ; . - ... . . Racehorse flesh still. appears to be a :,drui» in the Melbourne market. , Of : late;, well- known performers at race . meetings have been permitted to ? ? change hands for but a little more thun [ tlie vajue of their hide, and a case in ,:.poinfc is Blister, a winner of several . steeplechases, which was sold last A\eek for lOJgs. Since the Victorian jockeys meet . ing which was held at Melbourne early in' the week, it has come to be believed . 'tliat their association is being formed in a spirit antagonistic to the racing ' interests, and already stops are being .'.trik'eri to prevent tlie members of tlie .profession springing a surprise on the different racing clubs. A Victorian' exchange says that a ; 'record drop-kick was made at the Itilda Football Ground oii Monday week. B; Davis is credited with having kicked the ball 77 yards! -'? 'Terlinga,' the Victorian 1 writer, -?'speaking of a jockeys ring in Mel i.: bourne, - says: — ivj am afraid the ?'? people who say the 'ring' does' exist ?' U.re: in such an excellent position to : judge of the matter that their testi mony must be accepted as worthy of : credence, and this being the case, the : : Sooner the authorities stamp out the ?' evil' by banishing all connected with \- ; the confederacy the better it will be ! for racina;' 'Dealiiig with 'Racing : Consulta ; ,'tions' in a leading article in its sport ' *n8 l«ofc wpnk. t\\\ei Australasian ?^sayS:;— In' Sydney the sweeps have exercised a great influence over big handicaps for some time. : Many owners, of horses will regret the action uof^he . Sydney Parliament. A few. odd ^..thousands to nothing about your horse 'y.is. very. nice, and some of the devices .employed; by ' spovtsmen ' to wring the money from the drawer of their . representative were wonderfully con ,' triyed. But the thing has become too ' - big altogetliei', and the suppression of ' sweeps will improve ihe general tone of racing. Owners must now do as ?..their -brethren' in other, countries have oitp ,dp-^-viz., go into tho ring and accept . ,- the prices . which the state of the ? mar j ' ket enables the bookmaker to accom }, niodate them with. Referring to Tamenund, who won the Town Plate and ran third in the '??' N.T.C.: ? 'Handicap at 'the' late races, '?the well-known Narandera racing 1 critic, ' Dagworth,' wlioso knowledge of the gamo may be guaged by the , fact that lie . once designated .. MerrigaL.as. a ' hack,', says : ' That \- -piece ,of imported ;; racing rubbish, rrTamenund, who , fluked home in the Town Plate at our recent annual meet ,ipg,,hi^bee|i distinguishing himsolf for '(j trie ;seconcl time in Melbourne by ~ Hfnning last with Cst 71b on his. back in the llordialloc Handicap at Epsom on Saturday.' In reply, ' Augur's . .^-Gh'ost' of the viri/Hj) says ' tet me tell my friend as well as everyone that witnessed the races, chat Tamenund : did not fluke the Town - Plate, but ran , : as game as a; pebble and won easily, -.and. that he; should, have won tlie double only for an error of judgment. I.. would like to point out that Taine ?iiupd left here to go' and see a .vet.' ? '',''..(Ori- Monday ' :iiight nearly ; a half ftimdred jockeys met at the ltoyal Mail Hotel, Melbourne, to form an :;association;: : According to - a ? London authority, J. 'Briggs,' of Lancashire,: R. Peel, of ' - '.Yorkshire, and R. Abel, of Surry, who pallstSfh'd but aninclvortwo over 5ft.', , 'iire' f-tho three smallest of ijngUnd's leading players ; while W. Gunn,'of Nctts, 'Dr. 'W; G. Grace, of Gloucester shire, and P.* R. Spofforth, the urstA Australian, but now r.esident in i!iy®RV??b.ire,. rank as the tallest . trio, ,;8taiujing, as each of. them does, ? con siderably .over, the proverbial 6ft. -r A horse with a, peculiar, malforma ...iion is now on view at the stabh'B of r, the .Sir : John Barleycorn Hotel at Ade (S.A.) The animal is a two yearrold colt, .and it has 1 two ears on tlie left side of its head, and two shin bones and three hoofs on thnofl foreleg. . It was bred near Millicent. ,- ; The Si- Jut nun Gasntln, commenting jpntjtjie defeat of thff Australan Eleven .. ..South of England team, declares that unless n speedy and decided im provement takes place in the play of the ^Australians itheii' tiour is likely to be'a failure. ' 'It 'considers tliat. judg ing them purely from a sporting stand point; they seem to have , fallen , off . in * their play, ' 