OUR NKLteURNE UTTER. (FSOM OD* OWS O0BEE8POBBEKT.) ' OOTOBEB 12. Mr Patterson liu determined that Othello's plaint vrill not be Mi, na that tali occupation will not be cone. M Jong u kg has * say ^ ^e matter. Although he boasts that 'the session Is almost over, and the thip *sle In port,11 tlie officers In several Government departmenta m uneasy, and, loofrtly speakiij, Trill not know a round Bight1! sleep nntil the union ii over. For the Premier has m »wkwara .habit of look UK into things and esquiring too curiously aboat people and their salaries, which skonld not ban any interest for ~bim. Ac I heard one nan express nunsell— ?? J. ». ratterson couldn't fee worn 11 he wen as old woman.' The Mutual Stare., following the wr&ng-; Ifng fashion of till times, has brought Itself -md its again before tbe public lie di rectors have resolved to dispense with tbe terrloes of Itr John Stevens, the manager, prinstpally beeanse he had allawed hi- accoant with the store for goods to fall into arrears to tke amount of £900, and had draws money from the caibler on his IOU, this amount feeing repaid by dishonored cheque. This Mr Stevens denies, consequently there is likely to be tone conunoUon. One thing Is certain, that he served the store and its directors honestly and well, inventing fire proof shutters, automatic lift improvements, and sundry other fixings, without getting » fartUng out of bis work. Both sides have to be baud, bat It i- well taunt that tone of the directors have been 'down' on Stevens since the disclosure of the mace enauiry board, when it came out he bad been a little too free In his speeck. .Hot content with managing the biggest thing of Its Mud in the colonist, he must go &-g»uip- ing about the probable whereabout! of the In lieu of any more important poliUoal outbuiat, Mr it'Lellan, too member for Ararat, commonly known as the Ararat dove, but onee dm ing th« Spoakershlp of Sir Francis Murphy irauortaUKd by Punch as the Ararat bull in Murphy's china shop, haB bsan wearing at the unfortunate ceirs of Brunswick and West Melbourne. Whatcowa have to do with politics is difficult to under stand, except that the matter came up in. a discussion on the butter bonus ; but Mr | H'Lellan'srenectloncntheBrunswickUnkine brought the member for WarrnamboDl, Mr I Hurray, to bis feet to say nasty things about | the cows of Ararat, -who fed on quartz tail I isgi, and whose produce was used to support I lunalios. Mr H'Lellau felt the sting, and 1 defended the Ararat cows vigorously, re I gritting that God had not granted tht hou. I member for Warrnambool with even ths smallest amount of brains. Hi said a gcod deal more, which need not here be repeated, bit the episode goes to prove how various is the meaning attached to the term politic*. Mr Zox treated the dissertation on cows in his usual airy fashion by exclaiming that the subject was asinine, and that members looked sheepish. And they get £800 a year lor this son of thine, Tht Yiotorian railways have drifted into a serious uudition of non-payability. Tug decrease in receipts hu reached £12,530 a week compared to what it was last year. Mr Bent (the Speaker) brought the mettcr up In tht Assembly lut Tuesday, declaring that the railways were not properly mans ged, and that the commissioners wire unfit for thtlr position. Mr Wheeler took up the cuJgcl* on bfihalf of the commissioners, and advanced numerous proofs. For all that, Avuvvfanriv lialfta tliA Kami? anintian am Mi Bent. The UWftga question h«8 again cropped np, thli time presumably being the last, ab lome decUion hu beem arrived at. The wholf Mtuuwrgh ecbeme is to be carried oat, that ii,[tb» boroDchs lying tin the '.outer rlur,' moh m Brighton, E(Bendon, and HudtlbbiCi'UB to share equally in tbe ad Tantagei with the ' Inner ring' placet lyinj mearer Melbourne. This meau th»t tbe CMt will be doable what was expected, bat L ai th« scheme ii not yet undertaken, or even ; UMtieaUy cpen, the coat may vary well be left to posterity. Bat tbe city fathers were not to b« baulked of their chance for a real old Parliamentary set-to, and talk tbiy did. Mr Arthur Bnovrdea has been re- elected Mayor of Melbourne, Be is neither clever bor brilliant, but he manages to keep thingi together. He is a kindly-hearted man, with good common, sense, and is note a negative than an Msertive pe»ona3ity. He, or his advliara, made a great miitake a month Ago in not prtmditg euppar for th« gnesU at the ball, and thia hue not yet been torgotte&. In fact, everyone took it as a pemonal eiifht, and it would be dangerous to try the e&me; experiment agaim unices notified before Mr James Feele, the New Zealand artist who came over to Melbourne five yean ago, and, to the consternation of Lin Victorian biethrcn in ait, proceeded at once to |ecoop tbe pool, ii holding an important salts of his pictures next Tuesday. Kven if the works do not realise Urge prices, the attendance is certain to be good, and the competition keen among the smaller studies. All thia Is, and haa been, gall and wormwood to the Victorian Artiste* Society, who hate Peele with a hatred that there is no gainiajiDg. xow over one of his pictures. They hong the wont out of six he sent, and he, to equalise m&tteiSj; cut the painting out of its frame s&d; made off with it, eciambling overa beck fecce and npsctiing the coaUniian of the baildinc in tis flight. They BolemBly ex pelled bim, bat he snapped his fingers defiantly, for he uw the value of the advertisement, ThejjiclureBoJdjniroedjiitely, acd Feel hUusfli was lionised in fint-d&BS; style. A UtUe before this he received the £100 prin the National Gallery gave for the beit landscape, thereby p&ea.ng; straight ok: the beads ot the V.A6, That body vowed vengeance, bet so lar the threat has teen hartnleEB. But Peele is arming for another fray. TLe £100 price picture is said not to be hunc in tbe NutioDfiJ Gallery, bet e towed tvr&y; in a cdUc aomowiicn; in ths building— tbe direct result of m&lica; aforethought on the part of &n; enemy. If that piclnre is cot hang pretty quickly, thtre wiil be trouble, lor the PeeiUu bmid this turmoil that Peele is one of the very taw artists to keep goiDg these times, meet of his enemiee having tona bucg in vaiious waye. ilr F»nk Thornton and Mr Charies Arnold have not got any trace of the thier who Hlvtie thelF £160 ont of the office safe. It Is doubtful if the; ever will. Tbe Bijou seems to be remarkably clows in gui.ru ing its mytberies. The origin of the fire was sever discovered, and the robbery will be kept equally dark. Of eanree, the affair hbs in a way been an advertisement to IIcbiib. Thornton and Arnold, but £1(10 ie a big out' lay, and the two minag :rd rusf ally exclaim tbHthey would raster b- without it. The firrt peilonaance c£ * - Hau Ihe Bos.UniV last Batorday was nitncGieti^Lj a fine house, i)Ul niubt people lire vj. upiuiua iu-i- at- viiu) wry bad polioy to come here with oa iapor taUon of inferior Unglish actors, aud ibis opinion Ji loudly expressed. Another theatrical speculation ia on the verge of collapse. A few eights ago tbe fioyal was re-opened with a fio&rfrli; of tram' pet* under the management of a Mr J. Patker HaU, Mies Bloiae Juno waa the eur. Well, to toll ths old, old story, the ffcott has not walked, and Uio company are both sorry and angry. On Tuesday night the orchestra brieitr intimated their intsn tiou of not playinjc onlcei their salaiies were forthcoming, and this golden rule, ' no pay, no play,' brought matters to a climax. Tbe musicians obtained some money, aud at s quarter-past eight, instead of eight, Uok the roof oS in their anxiety to make up for losk tims. But the evil day i a only deferred. The dramatic portion of the company are hoping against hope for a treasury which i« not bottomless, But alas 1 poor ghost 1 Never was a restless spirit so muob wished for and never so dilatory in appearing. What is tbe Psvoltlcal Research Society about ? W, D Pkaoock'b Pobb Jams,— Quality tuUnrnAuM. wiRnofiu^ttiTed in the fru ?eason only from fresh f mit «nd tbe higheet grade of refined sugai. In the process ol inanutactnro utrinftent cleanliness is ob* lerved, and the aruele oontuiu no coloring fitter or adulteration of (my kind. Bold by leading merchant* and aft nwpeotabie |t«en. GO 