CHAPTER XI. THE STORE-ROOD. Through the open door ran Sibyl. " My darling ! my darling! my darling !" she kept screaming. Beyond the door, she found herself in a handsome octagon-shaped hall, originally lighted by a sky-light of stained glass. This was now covered with the thick ivy which had grown over the whole of the tower, and the hall would have been en tirely dark but for the light of the-room behind her. A pretty winding stairway, with gilded rails and velvet carpet, sprung airily away upward. Trembling in every limb, so that she could scarcely keep from falling, Sibyl began in desperate haste to mount the stairs. Stumbling at every step is her excite ment, she at last reached the first landing, and came suddenly face to face with Jasper Prince just emerging from a room, the door of which he shut quickly as he saw her, and stood leaning against the paneled wall with choking breath. " She heard him ! Good heavens, what shall we do now ?" he muttered, hoarsely. He had taken the bandage from his head again, and without it he looked, in the half gloom, more like his hapless brother than ever. For the third and last time that marvel lous and startling likeness deceived the unhappy and desperately wronged young wife. But only for the fragment of a second. S"Kenrick!" she scrramed, and fell back, shuddering from head to foot with a sick horror that was like death. "You ?" she ejaculated, faintly. "Oh, God-oh,heaven! must it be always you ?" The scorn on the beautiful face, th light of contempt in the lovely eyes, were plain to see even in that dim place. " He is here somewhere," Sibyl mur mured to herself, but aloud. Then, in a raised voice, she called: "Kenrick! Henrick !" An instant's breathless silence followed. Jasper's tongue clove to the roof of his month. He tried to speak, to make a noise, to drown any reply that might come to that piteous call. But the words stuck in his throat, and his limbs refused to move - Then both heard some slight sounds. To Sibyl's excited fancy, it seemed as if someone or something was moving in the room behind the impostor-the room she had just seen him come out of and shut the door with an air of haste and trepida tion. "I believe he is in there," she said, fix ing a bright, level gaze on Jasper's chang ing face. - Stand aside, and let me see what is in that room behind you." Miss Garr had followed Sibyl from the rcm below. She stood very near. The servants who were preparing the chamber for Doctor Varle had come to the door of the octagon 'hall, and were listening eagerly. "My dearest," Jasper said, in entreating tones, for the benefit of the listeners, " I will show you the room, certainly; there is nothing in it but old furniture. But 'do not speak so loud, I beg of you. The ser vants will think you are crazy to be going on this way, calling me in that high tra gedy voice, when I am right here with you-. ."Open that door "r' was all the answer she made. He turned and slowly opened it. Sibyl and Miss Garr pressed forward. Jasper lighted some matches and showed them that the room contained nothing but old furniture. It seemed a mere storage place for decrepit tables, chairs, invalided ward robes and bureaus, cracked mirrors, pic ture frames, and all such odds and ends as accumulate in large houses. It was crammed with these, even to the ceiling, and so near the door as to barely leave room to open it. " Are you satisfied ?" Jasper asked, in a sneering voice. " Will you allew me to close the door ?" The two ladies drew back. Jasper shut the door. Sibyl was quite calm by this time. She had conquered the fierce agitation that had seized her at sound of the voice she believed to have been her husband's. She turned to Miss Garr. . "Did you hear someone call Lily three times just now as the door flew open and I ran out " "I did," Miss Garr answered. "Every body in the house heard it. I guess" "Did it sound like this man's voice 1' Not in the least." ' "Nevertheless, it was mine," .Tasper said, coolly. "I did not know, darling, that you were anywhere rear. But I was thinking about you very intently, and feeling very unhappy over your treatment of me, the strange hallucination which has taken such complete possession of you concerning me. In my distress of mind I uttered your name -the old pet name I used to call you by when we were so happy." " Liar 1" Sibyl breathed through her tight shut teeth. "It was not you. That was my husband who called me, whether in the body or not, you know besat. Perhaps yon have mnnurdered him. Certainly you could never have obtained that uing of his which you are wearing by any fair means 1" A curious, ashy whiteness went suddenly over the impostor's face like a flash. His black eyes glowed like dull coals. All at once there came again, from some where near, that sound which had startled Sibyl before-a sound as of some violent movement-someone struggling, perhaps. " Di you hear that 1" she hissed in an ex cited whisper to Prudence. Then: "Kenrick! Kenrick ! Oh, Kenrick I Ken rick I" she shriekel. For perhaps a second of time the impostor stood as if stunned, but with an awful look of ming:ed fear and rage on his dark, ashy face. Then seizing Sibyl violently by the arm, he tried to pull her toward the stairs, but by a swift, deft movement she released herself and faced him with glittering eyes. "BH w dare you touch me ?" she cried. " I'll touch you to some purpose if you don't stop screeching like that !" he said. " I bermin to think as my mother says, that the best place for you is where they put other lunatics and know how to take care of them " "Thanks," returned Bibyl. icily. She moved a few steps toward a second stairway leading upward. " Where are you going now " he de manded. "' am going to see what is in those upper chambers." He scowled at her angrily. " There is nothing up there but dust and dirt. I don't suppose anyone has been in side them for years. The servants never go near them, and would not for any money. They are so afraid of ghosts." " I wish to see them." lie stood some moments glowering at her and thinking it over. " Very well," he said at last, in a sullen voice--" you shall see them. You would stand there a week, l'veno doubt, sooner than not get your own way. I will show you the rooms, but we must have a light The ivy has grown over all the windows till it is as dark as pitch up there. Come down in the lower room and wait till I can get a lamp." "We will wait here," said Sibyl. "No, you won't. You'll do as I say, or you won't see the rooms at all!" he de clared, fiercely. "Do as he says, dear. What does it matter?" whispered Miss Garr. Sibyl yielded reluctantly. Something some voice within her seemed to rise up and say, "Don't go." Yetahe went. Jasper quietly locked the door of the store-room before going with them, and Sibyl noticed that he did so ;with a vague feeling of uneasiness. The listeners in the lower hall scattered at their approach. Jasper sent one of them after a lamp, and Sibyl and Miss Garr sat down on a velvet sofa while they waited. bhe impostor, st an almo.t imperceptible signal from the girl his mother called Lucy Venner, went over to the window, where she was by herself now, the man who had been cutting the ivy having finished his job and gone. There was a faint, sarcastic gleam in the lovely greenish-grey eyes as she glanred carelessly at the others in the room, and then turning her back upon them, leaned slightly from the window. "Don't fool worth a cent, does she ?" she said, with a soft sneer. Jasper muttered something not for ears polite to hear. The girl laughed wickedly. "See, here, Belle," he said, speaking low, "I will put this key on the window sill-so-and you must take it without those others seeing you. Go out from here and slip up from the floor under this to that room, and tell my mother the situa tion. He must be kept quiet; there must be no noise whatever-not a sound either by voice or movement. She knows how to quiet him and I want her to do it. Con founded nuisance his getting so lively all at once." Belle took the key and glided away on her errand. The servants who were passing about, attending to the room, stole furtive and curious glances at Sibyl Prince and Miss Garr. Both ladies looked pale and excited. "'Everybody in this room must have heard that voice calling me," Sibyl said, in a low tone. " Do you suppose they all thought it was that wretch yonder speak ing ?" " They all looked startled; some of them seemed frightened. Some one cried ' Ghost I' as you ran out of the room. Then another said, laughing, it was only Mr Prince call ing you." Belle was not long absent. As she re entered the room there was a white, ex cited look on the vivid and startingly lovely face which it had not worn before. The servant who had gone for the lamp was just bringing it. Belle went up to'Jasper Prince. " He will be kept quiet," she said, in s low voice. " Now, listen to me. I want you to tell me to take that lamp and go with fair Sibyl on her exploring expedi tion," "You ?" he exclaimed, angrily. "What for? You want to make mischief." " You do as I say, or I will make mischief right now," she said, coldly; and he had to obey. " He is going to send that queer girl with us, instead of coming himself," Sibyl said, low, to Prudence Garr. "I don't like her, but any one is better than him." " Don't let them stay any longer than you can possibly help, Belle," Jasper was saying, in an undertone, "or 1 am afraid there will be the devil to pay. I don't more than half trust my mother in this business." Belle gave a little, mocking laugh. "He must be a very queer devil if he won't trust such a good customer as you," she said. "This girl will show you the haunted rooms, Sibyl, if you are still bent on seeing them," the impostor said. Belle advsnced smilingly, and led the way with that light, gliding step peculiar to her. As she stood at the first landing, waiting for them, lamp in hand, the darkness be hind her, the glittering brightness of her hair, the greenish lustre of her strange yet lovely eyes, the wonderful waxy whiteness of her perfect face, came out with startling distinctness. The picture would have been without a flaw, but for the faint, sneering smile that curved the soft, red lips. Sibyl shrank a little closer to her com panion. 1I don't like her," she whispered again to Miss Garr. "And she don't like you," Belle said, coolly. "Oh, I have good ears, Mrs Prince," as Sibyl looked at her in haughty surprise. At the stairs Sibyl paused, eyeing the beautiful, mocking creature searchingly.. " Who are you " she asked, coldly and sternly. "I am madam's new maid," Belle an swered, with demurely lowered eyelids, and dropping amocking servant-girl cour tesy. "Name of Lucy Venner." Sibyl drew a sharp, startled breath. "Ah," she uttered. "You are in the plot, too. That is why he sent you with the lamp. I wonder what e'se you are, Miss Lucy Venner 7" "Just been sworn in as assistant police detective," Belle answered, flippantly, lift ing her beautiful, hold eyes to the,sweet, dark face of the woman to whose persecun tors she had dehberately joined herself. 