THE CARRONDOWN WIFE, ASSAULT CASE. ARMSTRONG GUILTY OF AT- TEMPTED MURDER. IMPRISONMENT FOR LIFE. The afternoon of Tuesday, the first day of the Ootober Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court, was occupied with the trial of Hamilton Armstrong, who was charged with having at Carrondown on July 21, 1893, feloniously and unlawfully wounded Sarah Armstrong, his wife, with intent to do her some bodily injury, and with intent to kill and murder her. Mr. V. F. Smith appeared for the defence, and raised a preliminary objection to the indictment on the ground that the two counts it embraced were repugnant to each other. and that consequently the whole was bad. His Honor overruled the objection., saying that the counts were not at variance, and that it was for the Jury to deoide as to the guilt or otherwise of the accused on either the lesser or the graver count. Sarah Armstrong, wife of the prisoner, and living at Carrondown, appeared in Court with dressings around her head, and was the first witness called. She said that up to July 24 she had been on good terms with her husband, who had at that time been home for a week after a visit to Melbourne. On the morning of the day mentioned witness was dressing in the bedroom, the husband being in bed at the time. Whilst engaged in putting on her boots she suddenly lost consciousness. When she came to she was lying on tbe floor,and thereupon screamed. The wound on witness's head was not there before she lost oonsoiousnese. Cross-examined by Mr. Smith — Prior to her husband's visit to Melbourne he said he had lost his salvation, and he thought he might be able to regain it if he went back. He had at one time been connected with the Salvation Army at Echuca, and he said he thought it would be better for his spiritual state if he went back to the people there. They had been married for about ten months, and since their marriage her husband had not done any work. Soon after the marriage tbe husband went away, and witness then went back to live at her own bouse, where the events she had previously detailed took place. He wanted her to sell her own house, but she said she would will it to her children. Shortly before he went to Melbourne he was one day going to jump into the water in the Botanic Gardens. When he returned from Melbourne he said he had been in a hospital, but did not say for what reason. Re- examined by the Crown Prosecutor—Since their marriage witness had supplied him with money. He took to drinking after the marriage. Robert Stuart, legally qualified medical practitioner. of Hindmarsh, said he was called to the house of Mrs. Armstrong at about half-past 8 o'clock on the morning of July 21. Fouud a scalp wound about an inch and a half long on the back of the head, but did not notice any symptoms of depression. The wound might have been caused by the iron dog produced, and had evidently been sustained within a couple of hours of the time witness saw Mrs. Armstrong. A subsequent examination with Dr. Poulton revealed three additional small wounds on the right anterior part of the head and a fracture of the scalp. All the four wounds could not have been caused by one blow. An operation had to be performed to save her life, which was endangered by the wound. Did not think she was in danger now. Lance- Corporal W. Boath, stationed at Hindmarsh, stated that at about 8 a.m. on July 24 the accused came to the Hindmarsh Police Station, and said, "I want to give myself in charge, because I've killed my wife with a piece of iron." He was excited and anxious to get into the cell. Went to the house, and there saw Mrs. Armstrong lying on the bed. There was a considerable amount of blood on Mrs. Armstrong's head and hands and her clothes. Found the iron dog produced in the room. There were several hairs on the foot of tbe dog. When cautioned the accused said, " I must have been mad; I hit her with the iron dog." In coming to the Court on the following morning Armstrong said, "I have been suffering from religious mania lately, aud have been for two weeks in tbe Melbourne Hospital. I intended to come and see you last night to tell you the state of my mind." About nine months ago the accused took again to drinking habits. Dr. Alexander S. Paterson, Colonial Surgeon, said he had specially examined and observed Armstrong since his admission to the gaol, and had not been able to detect any disease of the brain or impaired intelligence or memory. He possessed apparent self- control. Believed the accused at the time understood right from wrong. Armstrong told witness that he had been in the hospital ward of the Melbourne Gaol on account of inability to control himself, and that he had suicidal inclinations. He further claimed that he was insane at the time he committed the offence—suffering from re!i gious mania and irresistible impulse. He claimed to be sane now. The defendant's ' statement, made at the Police Court, was put in and read. Mr. Smith said the only evidence he proposed to call was as to the accused's state of mind. Sarah Ann Wilson, widow, of South Melbourne, stated that the accused, who was a cousin of hers, came to her house on June 23. j After he had been there for some time he talked about religion, and said that he had sinned against the Holy Ghost, that he could not get forgiveness, and that hell was open before him. He then knelt down in the passage and prayed. Next day took him out for a walk, and when in Smith-street, Collingwood, he knelt down, and afterwards began calling out and praying in the streets. In the evening witness sent a doctor, who prescribed for Armstrong. After the doctor had left he (the accused) | walked around the house and asked where the knives were kept, saying he wanted to cut his throat. On the foliowing morning Armstrong was found hanging up in the yard bv a dogchain. There was a log of wood lying alongside the accused's feet. He was got down, and then said he must put an end to liimself. and put a clothesline around his neck. Afterwards went to the police and gave himself in charge. Chis was on June 2d. and on July S he was released by the police, and stayed with witness till the following Saturday. During the interval he appeared to be as mad as before. Armstrong's aunt had died in a lunatic asylum in Ireland. Witness had known him all his life, and was not aware that he had unduly indulged in drink. Miss Wilson, a daughter of the previous witness, gave corroborative evidence. John Porter, chemist of Rundle street stated that on Friday, July 21, Armstrong came to his shop in the evening, and, in reply to a question as to what was wrong with him. said—"Everything is the matter. I ought , not to have come back from Melbourne. A voice told me on the steamer that I ought not to have come back.'' When asked whether he had been drinking Armstrong said he had not been drunk for a fortnight: he had only had a glass of beer. He also stated that after he had left Melbourne in the steamer Aramac he had got off soon after starting and had then gone on to a coal steamer. by which he came to Adelaide. He said the devil had sent him back to Adelaide, and further that a statement made by a Mr. Nancarrow about a sin that could not be forgiven was running through his brain, and that suicide and death were fol lowing him. It had been his intention, he said, to commit suicide that night, but he had altered his mind. Witness could not detect any traces of drink about Armstrong. Had noticed some eccen tricities in the accused's conduct since about two vears previously. Dr. Paterson, recalled, stated that when examined at the Gaol Armstrong knew the difference between right and wrong. A period of calm usually succeeded the outburst of violence. It was within about forty eight, hours after the committal of the crime that witness saw Armstrong. Had heard of cases where a great moral shock had led to the dis appearance of symptoms of insanity. The mans recovery from the oondition desoribed by Mr Porter was so rapid that witness thought it likely to have been due to an artificial cause, such as drinking and smoking. If the plea of insanity was accepted Armstrong was dangerous. Symptoms arising from drinking might last for some time after thedrinking had been discontinued. Witness would rather not reply to the question whether any portion of the evidence indicated irresistible impulse. In his address to the Jury Mr. Smith pointed out the entire absense of motive, and set out that if the Jury were unable to find that the assauit had been committed with felonious intent they could simply find him guilty of wounding. Everything pointed to the fact that the man was not accounable for all his doings. His Honor the Chief Justice gave an exhaustive summing up, indicating that there could be no doubt as to the commital of the attack by the prisoner, but that the grave question for the Jury to consider was what was the man's state of mind at the time. It was just before 6 p.m. when the gentlemen of the Jury retired to consider their verdict, which, given after an hour and a half's deliberation, was Guilty of attempted murder. " His Honor, in passing sentence, said that in the whole course of his experience he had not met with a more wanton and cruel act; than that of which the prisoner had been found guilty. The question of his sanity had been carefully presented to the Jury, who had come to the conclusion—and he (His Honor) could see no reason to differ from it—that the prisoner was responsible for hie actions at the time he committed the offence, although he had been eccentric in his behaviour for a long time previously, and that he possessed a knowledge of the quality of the deed. It had only been by the merest accident that the cruel weapon used had not caused the death of Mrs. Armstrong. A very little more force than that used for the infliction of either of the two blows, or possibly a slightly different inclination of the victim's bead, could have resulted in instantaneous death. The penalty of the law in the case of a terrible crime like that of which the prisoner had been found guilty was imprisonment for life, and he thought that this was right, because a man who had been guilty of attempted murder was morally as guilty as a man who completed the act. In this (Armstrong's) case there had been no failure of resolution on tbe part of the prisoner, for it was but by mere acoident that the terrible blows indicted had not caused the death of the victim. .No motive had been shown for the act, and there was certainly not the excuse of any immediate provocation. He did not feel justified in saying that a man of the prisoner's character should be at large. It might happen that after long years of servitude and expressions of contrition for his offence by the prisoner that the prerogative of mercy would be exercised in his behalf. It was his plain duty to pass the extreme penalty provided by the law for offences such as this, and the sentence of the Court was that Armstrong should be kept imprisoned for the term of his natural life. The prisoner—"Can I speak a word now?" The Judge—"No." Armstrong, who had watched the proceedines without any display of emotion or feeling, was then removed from the dock. The unfortunate wife of the convicted man remained seated in the Court, and did not appear to realize tbe nature of the proceedings that had just taken place. 