WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW? Mes. H. H. Jennings lives at Mo. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boatds with her. The 'house a ail old one-, bat in good ot&er.; One night early in December {1891) the two women locked all the dome and went to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the^ai burning, however, in the {runt parlor. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the : house laughing and talking. But as they went into Hie parlonr the merry humour died out of them in a Second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark tnau of gigauttc -stature. The upper part of hit fdico was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleamtug through the eyeholes in it His shirt-sleevea were rolled up, and in one hand ho carried a long, -Ad fashioned pistol. Tho worsen Bed screaming from the room, aud when Mr. Jennings came in live minutes later he fuuud no -ono ia the parlour aud all the doors and windows securely locked. What was it the women saw) rt Dnring a receut period of ill health,* write* an American friend, ' { had slept badly for several successive nights. On the fourth of theBe nights about two o'clock,' I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what seemed Kfce tive'Mling of my nqmc; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother juBtae she looked live years before, aa she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish euougli to tell of it, and tho local old women gosaips said it was a summons aud I would reVer -get weft. Yot 1 did, and am in perfect heiiltii now. I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now.' No doubt it watt the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nerve) will ^play oft on you when your systetn is out of cbndition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs. Jane Poster, of Darracott Ruad, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as follows:— 'I was so dreadfully nerwmi I could not bear anyone iu the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case 1 should call out for help. This was in June, 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was of ten a Severe pain in my head and over my eyei, and t was sick most of the time. My skin Was dry aud yellow, find the stomach and bowels felt cold atidtle&d.; Byand-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but. liquid food, and could not re tii in even that on my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My tn.tm.ofy completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose Vny fie'rise'f, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. '' 1 had niven up all hope, when one day.Mr8. West, of Bournemouth, called an^ asked what I was taking. She told me^ghe was herself once just as badly off) animjras cured by Mother Seigel's .Cura tive^Sjrrup. As she seemed to have eo much faith in this medicine, I tried it, and in three tiayB I was able to walk across the room, Mid by tie end of the week I went downstairs. Now 1 am eB well as ever. I can cut and digest my food, and all iny nervousness lias left Dae.' The malady Mrs. Foster Suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia aud nervous prostration. The Original cause was grief and sh«ck at the violent death of her huBbaud, by aceideut, and the byBreiu rallied only when the Sjrup ha-i given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed aud toned thu nerves. Whatever may be jour opinion of the Bridgeport nhoet, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from thu insido of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigol'a Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is uatunil and whole 8OU10. 