LOST AND WON \ CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) " I am quite alone in the world, Beatrice was saying to them. "My husband, you know, was very old— old enough to be my father ; hut he was devoted to me, and when I lost him I lost all," she said, with a deep sigh. "I was an orphan, and brought up under the direction of my cousin at a c.qnvent in Seville ; and when I left it for a short timo it was at her house that I first saw Mr. Reizardt, and she married me to him almost without letting me know or see him at all. It was fortunate that it turned out so well. But you see I have 'lived always quite out of tho world." This then was her history, which the Misses Valetov/ers were burning to know, aud it seemed atruthful one ; but Maud and Therese were called from her side to take their part in entertaining their other guests, and Lord Valetowers gratefully availed lumseir 01 tne vacancy tney nau ieis. He was leaning over Beatrice as much as, or perhaps a little more than, the conventional rules of society admit, his breath some times striking against her cheek. She disliked this very much ; yet she bore it unflinchingly, while she sang his sisters' praises in his ears, and acknowledged: her very ardent admira tion of them ; but her eyes the while were often wandering after Neal Haversham, who was once more taken possession of by Maud "Valetowers. " Who is that tall man there, talk ing to your sister ? " she ' asked at length. "That tall, big red fellow like a butcher? Why, he is a butcher or something of the kind — he cuts up arms and legs ; or a chemist — some thing of that kind. Ho is asked here periodically when our table is crooked, and Maud affects him very much just now. Poor Maud, she has not the ghost of a chance left ! " And his lordship laughed at his own exquisite wit, Neal Haversham's broad shoulders and handsome face being a never-ending source of envy and irritation to him, though he always declared that ho could not see that he possessed any attraction. " I prefer race-horses to cart-horses," he had told his sister more than once, when she had said a word in Neal Haversham's praise j " though I dare, say the latter are useful enough in fheir way.'' Mrs. Beizardt had drawn herself a little further from his lordship's side, but only a little was possible. \ "1 suppose you mean to say ne is a doctor?" she inquired, "Is he Mr. Colthorpe ?" "No, not quite so bad as that; we could not have him here — we must draw a line somewhere, you know. No, it is Haversham — he calls himself Doctor Haversham. He is not a bad fellow, but it will not do for Maud to make a fool of herself with him." Mrs. Reizardt's instincts made her keep her own impressions on tho sub ject to herself. "Beatrice, you look charming to night — positively," his lordship whis pered, with flagrant admiration ; but it brought no flush into the fair face before him ; " and, Beatrice," he added, "my mother has discovered that you have some more ' antiques ' on — which is a sure sign that you are winning her favor." " Has she been opposed to me then ? What do you mean?" " No, of course not ; how could she be? But she says all those coral things are exceedingly choice, and she would not admire them if she did not admire you, I can assure you. Bub what are they ?" he asked, touching the coral bracelet which encircled her arm and contrasted so well with the delicate skin. " They are what they appear to be — pinic coral, sne answereci. " iviy husbaud brought them from Naples — and I suppose they are good, for he was a connoisseur. I am no judge ; and I have had so few ornaments of any kind that my experience is limited," she said, laughing. "I only under stand 'color,' a littlo, or rather the mixture and effect of colors. All Spanisli girls are supposed to know that." " By Jove, you do, and no mistake ! Now I haye found out one thing which is always so jolly about you t" his lord ship exclaimed, with sudden and brilliantinspitation. " Only one thing ? How very good of you, Lord Valetowers ! How can I ever thank you enough ?" "What do you moan?" ho asked, with a touch of sulkincss that was prone to rise quickly in his nature. " I did not mean that you Intel no other per fections — you know that. Don't be so sharp upon a fellow." " Well, I will not," she promised, softly. " I know what you mean per fectly. But I. do understand the com bination of colors. And the only merit this pink coral has in my eyes is its harmoniousness with pale blue. A piece of coral-colored ribbon would do just as well." " I scarcely thihk it would. But dp you mean to say you do not care for jewels ?" " Very little. I might care for them very much, but I have had too few to excito a desire for more and a new light, which might make his court ship still easier, dawned into his lord ship's mind. Maud Valetowers came to them withapetition that Mrs. Reizardt would enchant them all with some of her far- famed Spanish songs — which Beatrice was very willing to do ; and she turned in search of her guitar, which had been moved. Neal Haversham's eyes were very quick — in a moment the case was at her side, and in another it was open at her feet. " Oh, thank you !" was all she said ; but her eyes seemed brimming over with gratitude, while she took the instrument from his hands, and glanced up into his face. "Will you introduce me?" she whispered to MaudValetowers ;nnd then the introduction took place, and. a few words of polite pleasure were added on either side. Mrs. Reizardt sang her Spanish songs unwearyingly, monopolising the hearts of two and the admiration of all in the 'room. The evening was nearly over, but there was yet one more littlo scene to be enacted. Doctor Haver sham kept standing near to her until the songs were finished, and then he tqok the guitar from .her hands, to Lord Valetowers' no little disgust, and in a low voice thanked her on his own account for the pleasure she had given, him. " I found your card the other day, Doctor Haversham, and I was so sorry to have been out when you called." "You are very kind to say so," he responded ; " but I hope you will allow me the pleasure of repeating my visit and then her attention was attracted by a white flower-bud in his coat. " Doctor Haversham — pardon me — but is not that a giant jessamine ?" she asked, with great excitement in her voice. I' Yes, you are right— -it is a giant jessamine, and not improved by my coat, I fear." " Oh, do let me have it for one mo ment in my hand— I have not seen one since I left Spain ; it -will give me such pleasure. Our house in Seville was covered with it." ( " It is so faded, Mrs. Reizardt, that I dare not offer it to you, or I would do so," he said, holding it for her to take, if she oared to do so ; " but for tunately there are other ; blossoms on the same plant." " I do not care how faded it is. I never thought I should see one again," Beatrice announced ; and, taking tho faded white bud in her hand, she placed it carefully in her low bodice aboye the pink coral brooch. " I cannot see why you should care so much about about a dead bit of jessamine, Mrs. Reizardt — pur gardens are full of it," Lord Valetowers said, sulkily. Pardon me, my lord, your garden may be full of jessamine — mine is also — and probably Mrs. Reizardt will find plenty at Netherwood — but not of this kind, nor with the same perfume. I brought tho plant with me from Italy three years ago, and have preserved, it only with the greatest care and trouble. " You care for flowers then ?" she asked, with deep interest in her voice. " Yes, I must confess I have a great weakness for them — if it be a weak ness," he answered. " And I adore them — they give me more pleasure than anything else." .A.iuougsi' Ubiior uiiiugB liu jjuuy > mtj- towers' dinner party Mrs. Reizardt had acquired a great passion for flori culture. CHAPTER X. Three glorious summer days had gladdened the earth, and driven away the last touches of spring's dullness ; the sun had opened wide all the flower- buds, and burnished all the foliage with a touch of gold. Its first fresh ness might be gone for the year, but splendor was left in its stead. Mildred Fane was busy in hergarden, with the sunlight shining down upon her bare head, and brightening her smooth, pretty hair, showingbravelyher soft dazzlingly fair skin, which was guiltless of all cosmetics save fresh cold water. Her grey merino dress had disappeared, and in its stead she wore only a colored print ; but it was daintily made; and perfectly fresh and unsoiled, and the pink knot at her throat was changed for a pale azure one. Her lover was lingering near her, bareheaded also, and a little more self-absorbed, perhaps, than usual, but gazing ever and anon at Mildred, while her slender fingers wandered among her flowers, and doubtlessly lost in admiration of her pretty, slight figure and fresh face. Another week had passed, and it was within one of the date which had been fixed for their wedding ; but Doctor Haversham had resigned him self to its further postponement — lie offered no more opposition — and Mil dred was content that it should be so, for the time at least. It made all things so "much pleasanter at home. "Neal, Neal, see what you are doing ! I will not let you bo so reck- less," Miss Fane cried, in half-real, half-assumed anger ; but her face did not betray much resentment. " Seo, you have snapped oft' throe moss-rose buds and a full-blown one ! . I havo never known you to do sucli a wasteful thing before ; look at them all lying on tho path !" " 1' did not know what I was doing, Milly," said Doctor Haversham, color ing and laughing — " and that is tho truth. I was absorbed — in a case, I suppose," he added, hesitatingly. "Well, be absorbed the noxt timo a little further from my poor flowers," Mildred ordered, laughing. "You may have more roses than you want in your garden, but I cannot afford to waste any here." "I will bring you plenty more, Milly; don't scold me," he said penitently ; and then, as if in defiance, ho broko off still another rose — but it was almost a falling one — and threw it lightly in her face. "You wish to assert your power, Neal, I suppose," she remarked, " but you need not do that at the expense of my roses — I will yield you all you desire," she added, gently, and her soft dark eyes, filled with pure, true love, were raised fearlessly to his. '(Mildred, sometimes I think you must be an angel," he said, earnestly. " Nonsense ; you do not think any thing of tho kind, and, if you did, you would not care for me. Men do not care for angels." " No, you aro right, Milly — indeed they do not," he agreed. " Then do not call me one any more, Doctor Haversham." '.'Mildred, have you still that white jessamine plant I gave you? Does it flourish ?" lie asked. " Yes, it is full of blossom, Neal ; but- really I do not pare for it as much as for our common kind; the perfume is almost too strong, and tho flower is not so starlike." (to be continued.) , 