EASTERN NEWS. THE AUSTRIAN ARCHDUKE. Typhoon off Hongkong. Capsize of a Vessel— Thirty-eight Lives Lost— Hongkong Treasury Frauds— Wreck of a Siamese Barque— Suicide of a Bride. We learn from the Japan MAIL that the Archduke Franz Ferdinand concluded his visit to Japan on August 25, leaving with his suite by the Empress of China shortly after mid-day. Kaiserin Elisabeth's crew lined the deck, and as he went down the side three ringing cheers were given, the band of the Yayeyama- Kan at the same time playing the Austrian National Anthem. The Japanese despatch vessel had been sent to escort the distinguished visitor out of the bay. As the Empress of China got under weigh she ran up the signal "Good-bye" to which the reply came from the Kaiserin Elisabeth's masthead, "We wish you a pleasant voyage." The Yayeyama-Kan es- corted the big mail-packet to Susaki. The typhoon on September 9 did not ac- tually strike Hongkong, but passed within a comparatively short distance and entered the mainland a little to the north. Ail day on September 8 the barometer fell with great rapidity, and on Saturday at 2.30 registered the unprecedented leeord of 29 10. The wind blew. with considerable force from the N.W. and W., but so ample had been the warning that comparatively littlo damage was done. All the native craft had vacated the harbor during Friday, the 8th, and in the evening the majority of the steamers in port sought a safe anchorage in sheltered places. On Saturday morning he harbor was still rough and the ferry launches did not resume running until 11 o'clock. The force of tbe wind rapidly lessened during the morning, and towards evening the majority of the steamers and small boats had returned from the outlying buys. There are no special damages to report, aifiiough in a general way there was ample evidence that a pretty severe blow had been experienced, It is reassuring, says the Kobo (Japan) Chronicle, to loarn that the accident to the Wugo-niaru was not as serious as at first re ported, and that not more than 3S iives were lost. Tho boiler of tho steamer did not, it appears, explode, but the vessel capsized in consequence of some rough weather experienced. She is an old wooden vessel, and last year was pro hibited by the Marine Bureau from running in the open se-i, - her journeys being after wards confined to the strait between Nolo- jimi and tne mainland. On her last ill-starred trip, however, when she had n large number of passongers bound for a festival at Wajima, she destroyed the order aud took a short cut in i lie open sea instead of going round the island, with the result that she capsized in a squall. There were 79 persons on board, of whom 41 weresaved, ana it is thought that sumo even of the remaining 38 may possibly have got ashore safely. _ A despatch has been received from the Secretary of State, iu repiy to the communi cation from the Hongkong Government en closing the report of the commission ap pointed to inquire into the Treasury frauds. Tho purport of tho letter is (according to a Hongkoug paper) as follows: — 1. The Colonial Treasurer, Mr. G. N. Mit- chell-Tnncs, is called on to re fund 1000 dol. of the 61,000 dol, stolen by his subordinate. (As far as we understand, that is the whole extent of his pecuniary punishment, but as to this no certain information is available, owing to the strenuous efforts made to keep the affair dark.) Mr. Mitchell-Innee is also Jo be. transferred to another colony, not on promotion, which is interpreted to mean that he is to be reduced, and will pro bably never again be entrusted ' with the responsibilities of head of a department, 2\. Mr. Nicoile, Colonial Auditor, is severely reprimanded for not insisting on Mr. Mitchell. Inncs doing his work, and is de prived oi some seniority — five years, if we are rightly informed; but we would bo pleased to learn that this is incorrect. 4, Mr. May, who was Acting Treasurer for a few months, is reprimanded, and loses two or three years' seniority. The Siam Observer of August 24 pub lishes the subjoined report of the loss of the Siamese barque Bua Pan, supplied by Cap tain Wagner of that vessel, who, with his shipwrecked crew, arrived at Bangkok from Singapore on August 22 : — Tho Bua 7'an left Bangkok in April lust for Hongkong, after lying idle in the river about 18 months, with a crow of 20 Ma ays and Chinese, and a Norwegian mate. After re fitting her tunning gear in Hongkong, wo left for Bangkok on June 20, with a general Chinese cargo worth about 14,000dol., which was insured. We beat down tho coast of Cochin-China until July 21', when, finding tho monsoon too ftesh, set a course to the sonth of Cape Varella. The weather was thick, preventing observations from being taken until the morning of July 24, when, according to Sumner's method of calculation, the barque was in about lar. lid eg. north. During the night there were heavy squalls. At 4 a.m. tho mate was on watch, and the vessel heading S. half W., under light canvas. It was impossible to ceo a yard ahead. Half an hour later she struck. The yards were backed, but nothing else could bo done until daylight. At 5.30 white water wus seen in front, and shortly afterwards the coral rocks bccamo visible. The ship wus hard and fast from the bows to the forcmust. Efforts were made to heave her off by sending an anchor ashore on her quarter, but as she thumped on tho rucks with the swell large pieces of rotten wood cuinc away from her bottom, aud it was seen that she would never float again. Tito tide was ebbing, and before long she was ioft high, if not dry. Fortunutely, about 11 a.m. tho Australian barquontino Spinaway, from Hongkong to Singapore, hove in sight. She also had got out of her reckoning through the thickness of tho weather. Captain Wagner and his people went aboard with their effects, and the captain of the Spinaway refusing to utand by longer than was necessary on account of lite danger, it being culm weather with no anchorage, tltey went on at once to Singa pore. Ladds' Reef, on which the vcsselstruck, is a coral island some three miles long and ono mile and a half wide. It iB about n fathom under the surface at high water, and quite invisible, of course, at night. A curious caso of suicide is reported from the Jelai District of Pahang. A young Malay girl was engaged to bo married to a youth in u neighboring village. The day bad arrived on which the wedding was to tako place, tho necessary number of goats had been killed, and the house was full of women who had assembled to help to cook the meal, and triumph over the bridegroom. Suddenly tho sound of someone falling heavily to tho ground in the inner room of the house was hoard, and od inquiry it was discovered that tlto bride had cut her throat almost from car to ear. She was still conscious and ablo to speak, and when her weeping mother ques tioned her as to tue reason which had prompted her to commit this rash act the daughter lifted up iter failing voice and spoke thus : " Oh mother of mine 1 A moment since I chuiiccd upon a mirror and looked upon my own face re flected therein, and behold my face was like unto tho butt end of a pumpkin, and my ntouth was like unto a crack in a mud fence I Wherefore I said unto myself questioning, 'Is it good to livo with a countenance such as Allah hus given me, the sight of which must be a horror and an offence to the morning sun ? Being so very ugly I must die !' This, oh mother of mine, is the reason of my doath I" and, turning her face to the wall in the ap proved fashion, and at imminent risk of tearing her head off, this strong- minded young lady gave up the ghost. At tho inquest the chief of the district, To'Ruja, expressed his great concern at the bad precedent which had thus been started. " For," said he, " if ail the women in Ulu Pahang who were too ugly to live committed suicide, there would only be five wouion left in a district spreading over some 5000 square miles ; and it there are no women there will be no children, and if there are no children the race of Ulu Pahnag Malays, whom we all know and value, would die out." 