SCRIPTURE READING. REPORT BY MR. HARTLEY. The Inspector-General of Schools (Mr. A. Harbley) has forwarded to the Minister of Education a reporb upon Scripture-readiDg in the State schools of New South Wales, which colony he recently visited. The text of the report is as follows :— I have the honor in accordance with your instructions respectfully to submit the following notes and observations made on my recent visit to New South Wales to enquire into the system of Scripture lessons in the publio schools of that colony. I had the ad vantage of an interview with the Minister of Education (the Hon. E. B. Suttor), and with the Under-Secretary (Mr. E. Johnson). It is hardly necessary to Eay that information was freely given, and every facility afforded for making personal enquiries in the schools. The teachers whom I met were also extremely courteous and obliging, and reudered my task comparatively an easy one. It may be con venient in the first place to quote the sections of the New South Wales Act which relate to religious instruction in sohools. They are as follows:— 1\. Secular Instruction, section^ 7.—In all sohools under this Act the teaohing shall be strictly non-sectarian, but the words "secular instruction" Bball be held to include general religious teaching as distinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology. 2\. Special Religious Instruction, section 17. —In every public school four hours during each school-day shall be devoted to secular instruction exclusively, and a portion of each day, not more than one hour, Bhall be eeb apart when the children of any one religious persuasion may be instructed by tbe clergyman or other religious teacher of such persuasion, but in all oases the pupils receiving such religious instruction shall be separated from the other pupils of the school. Aud the hour during whioh such religious instruc tion may be given sball be fixed by mutual agreement between the Public School Board in consultation with the teacher of such school and the olergyman of the district, or such other person as may be duly authorised in his stead : aud any classroom of any publio school may be used tor such religious instruction by like agreement. Provided chat if two or more clergymen of different persuasions desire to give religious instruction at any school the children of each Bueh different persuasion shall be so instructed on different days. Pro vided also that the religious instruction to be so given shall in every case be the religious instruction authorised by the church to which the clergyman or other religious teacher may belong. Provided, further, that in case of the non-attendance of any clergyman or religious instructor, such period shall be devoted to the ordinary Beoular instruction in such school. Section IS.—Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the last preceding section no pupil in a publio school shall bo required to receive any general or special religious instruc tion if the parents or guardians of such pupil object to such religious instruction being given. The question is further dealt with in the fol lowing regulations, which have as usual the force of law :— 1, Religious Views of Pupils or of Parents, 148.—Nothing must ever be said or done by any teacher in a pupil's hearing or presence calcu lated to offend the religious views of that pupil, or of any other in the school, or of the parents of any such pupil. 2 Time-table, 150.—The time-table to be observed in the schools is the following :— Except that in oases within the proviso to the preceding regulation the time in each instance will be half an hour later than specified. Erotn 9 to 10—Special religious instruction, or in publio or provisional schools where no religious teachers in attendance, ordinary in struction. 3\. Special^ Religious Instruction, 151.— Where tbe time specified for special religious instruction is inconvenient somo other hour may be fixed by mutual agreement between the Public School Board, the teaoher, and the person giving suoh instruction. 4\. Instruction in Schools.—Course of in struction, 155—The course of seoular instruc tion, as the term is defined in the Publio Instruction Act, shall be as follows for each class:— Infant department (Scripture)—Narratives and moral lessons. GIKLS AND BOYS. Eirat clas3 (Scripture)—Narratives and moral lessonB, Old Testament No. 1. Second class (Scripture)—I.N.B. Old Testament No. 1, moral lessons. Third olass (Scripture)— I.N.B. Old Testament No. 1, New Testa ment No. 1. Eourth olass (Scripture)—I.N.B. Whole series. Fifth class—As for fourth class. The same regulation specifies the standard of proficiency to be reaohed by each class in each half-year, but this is in every case the same as in the course of instruction quoted above. The following table shows the value of marks allotted for Scripture in each class: reading, writing, and arithmetic being also stated for comparative purposes:— la- Class Class Class Class Class fants. I. XI. HI. IV. V. Reading „ luO 100 100 100 100 80 Writing ... 60 60 100 100 100 80 Arithmetic.. 100 10U 100 100 K0 100 Scripture „ 30 30 30 GO 60 60 The next regulations are the "conscience clauses." Special Religious Instruction, 157. — No pupil is to be required to receive special reli gious instruction if the parents or guardians of such pupil object to suoh religious instruotion being given. General Religious Instruction, 15S.—Where any parent or guardian objeots to a pupil receiving the general religious instruction prescribed in tfie oourse of instruction, notification to this effect shall be made to the teacher in writing. Denominational Books, 159.—The teacher, in all schools under the superintendence of the Minister, shall see that the religious books employed in the olassea for special religious instruction are confined to the time and plaoe of such instruction, and not left in the way of children whose parents may object to them. It will thus be seen that Scripture lessons form a part of the regular work in every school from the highest olass to the lowest. A care ful inspection was made of the teaching in two large Sydney schools, with a daily attendance of 1,400 and 700 respectively, and these obser vations were checked by enquiries made in a country school (250 average) about 70 miles from Sydney. I was assured on all hands that what was seen might be taken as typical of the work in any one of the public sohools in the colony. The Scripture lessons (eaoh lasting three quarters of au hour) appear to be given as a rule once a week. It will give a better idea of the nature of the instruction if the work set down for certain classes is specified in detail. It must be under stood that this programme shows the lessons to be given during the ourrent quarter, January to March, 1893. Class II. (Lower Division).—Old Testament, 1\. Lessons. 1—4. The creation; Adam in paradise; creation of the woman ; fall of Adam and Eve into sin. Olass II. (Upper Division).—Old Testament, 1\. Lessons, 9—12. From the deluge to the call of Abraham; call of Abraham ; history of Abraham continued; covenant of God with Abraham. OlasBlII. (Lower Division).—Old Testament, 1\. Lessons, 17—20. Death of Abraham; birth of Esau and Jacob; Isaac goes to Gerar ; Esau marries two wives; Jacob by stealth receives his father's blessing; his flight; his reception in Mesopotamia; his return with his family to Oanaan. OlassIII. (UpperDivision).—Old Testament, 1\. Lessons, 21—25. Meeting of Jacob and Esau; altar at Bethel; death of Rachel; Joseph sold by his brethren; his imprison ment in Egypt; made governor of Egypt. Class IV. (Lower Division).—New Testa ment, 1. Lessons, 7—12; i.e., about three and a half ohapters of St. Luke's gospel. Class IV. (Upper Division).—New Testa ment, 2. LessonB, 1—10; i.e., chapters 1 to 12 of the Aots of the Aposblee. From this statement a fair idea may be gained of the amount of ground covered ; and it is hardly necessary to go into further detail though the programme of other classes are available if required. I may now give a short account of the lessons to whioh I had the privilege of listen ing, or, to be more accurate, the questioning on previous lessons. Infant Department.—The little ones were questioned on the birth of Christ, the visit of the wise men, the Btar in the east, the gifts they brought. They were told nob to let Herod know; why? "Because Herod thought Jesus had oome to take away his palace." No so. "Jesus did not come to sit in a beautiful house, but to teach us how to be good and love God." (This was almost the only really religious remark I heard.) After eight days Jesus was taken to the temple, "a fine building, not like our little Sydney churches," "just as our little children are taken to church to be baptised." (No mention of even the name ciroumcision.) An old man was there, Simeon, a prophet; the promise to Simeon; he was very glad to see the child Jesus and said he was quite ready to die now. Anna, the prophetess. This lesson was well given ; in fact I am in clined to pronounce it quite the best I heard. The teaoher was a young girl and she de oidedly interested her pupils. Infanta (Another Sohool).—Questioning on the life of Moses, hia birth, names of his father and mother, his cradle in the Nile, Miriams watch over him, the finding by the princess. Class II. (Boys).—On Abraham's sacrifice of Isaac. While listening to this lesson I re gretted to notice the familiar way in whioh the name of the Deity was used. OlassIII. (Boys).— On the call of Abraham. The. class read for about ten minutes ; then a map was drawn on the blackboard aud the Euphrates, Tigris, Jordan, Dead Sea, Sea of Galilee, Bethel, Ai, and Jerusalem were taught. This lessou was well given, but rather from i geographical point of view. Class V. (BoyB).—Twenty-two lads were present and they were above the average in intelligence. They were questioned on the escape of the Israelites from Egypt; the in stitution of the Feast of the Passover ; giving of the law by Moses from Mount Sinai; his forty days on the Mount; the Two Tables; the Feast of Pentecost. Then by an easy transition the teacher passed to the descent of the Holy Ghost on the apostles at the Feast of Pentecost, the gift of tongues and its use. In all cases the pupils appeared to have a fairly satisfactory knowledge of the portion of Scripture history which formed the basis of the questions. It may come as a surprise to many to learn that the Irish National Scripture lesson books do not appear to be read. An examination of the code of regulations issued by the New South Wales department shows that the teachers are nowhere enjoined to have these books read. They are quoted to show what the course of instruction is to be, and consequently what will be the nature of the inspectors' examination. It may also be presumed to be implied that the teachers must not go beyond what is stated in the books. From the nature of the case all lessons in infant departments musi be given orally, and as a matter of fact they appear to be given in the same way in both boys' and girls' schools. The exact facts for tbe schools I visited are as follows:—School A (Boys).—The books are never seen. School B (Boys).—Sometimes the pupils read for ten minutes at the beginning of the lesson, the rest being oral. School B (Girls).—A reading lesson may perhaps be taken once in three months. School G (Boys and Girls).—The books are never read. In reply to questions the teachers stated that they believed the general practice throughout the colony to bo to give the lessons orally, not to read from the books. It is not a matter for surprise that the teachers do nob confine themselves to the read ing of these text books. However well adapted they may be not to offend the prejudices ot any section of Christians—and this would appear to be the special object which the compilers had in framing them—there can be no doubt that from an educational point of view they are very poor boobs indeed. It is difficult to con ceive of anything more dull and uninteresting than a lesson which should consist merely of reading these passages with an explanation of the words marked for particular notice. Moreover, there are certain parts of the books which would be better omitted altogether by boys and girls. Having the best interests of the children at heart, and being naturally anxious to make their lessons as bright and effective as possible, the teachers give them orally, and in so doing every one with expe rience of young childrenmustagree with them. The genei al impression left upon my mind is chat in the Sydney schools regular and satis factory instruction is given in Scripture his tory, with somewhat of a tendency to select stories from the Old Testament in preference to tbe New. I do not consider that these lessons are religious, and this is a perfectly natural consequence. No special time of the day is set apart, but now in the morning and now in the afternoon a lesson in Scripture history takes its place between one in reading and another in arithmetic. It is a part of the regular business of the institution and there is no special reverence about it. I must nob be understood to reflect in tbe slightest degree upon either the system or the teachers who are carrying it out. The depart ment follows the Act in prescribing this work, and the teachers loyally observe their instruc tions. Exemption from attendance.—The regula tion by which parents are permitted to with draw their children from the Scripture lessons has been quoted above. No statistics are available to show how many children are exempted, bub I was informed at the office that the number is nod considerable. Some enquiry was made in tbe schools with the fol lowing result:—Oub of a class numbering 90 there were eight children who did not attend— four Jews, two Roman Catholics, two free thinkers. In another class there were ten out of 70; all were _ Roman Catholics or Jews. In the schools visited it appears to be looked on as a regular thing that Catholic and Jewish children are withdrawn from the Scripturelessons, the latter, however, riot always when the instruction in the Old Testament Special Religious Instruction.—The religious body which avails itself to the greatest extent of the permission to give special instruction to the children of its own members during school hours is the Church of England. A committee has the matter under its care, and most of the city and suburban schools are regularly visited by eibher clergymen, paid cateehists, or ladies. In the country the organisation is much less complete. The Presbyterians take the nexb place, and then the Wesleyans and the Jews. The other religious bodies do very little in this direotion. There is not the slightest friction in the arrangements. The department does all in its power to facilitate the work of clergymen or other authorised religious teachers. - No teaoher employed by the department can take any part in the special religious instruction. The rule governing teachers' actions is very stringent. It ia— 30\. Teachers of all ranks are required to abstain from participation in any public meet ings or other gatherings on party, political, or sectarian topics, and generally to refrain from all action in suoh matters calculated to give offence to any section of the community or to impair their own usefulness as teaohers; they must also abstain from public controversy upon the merits of the system of education now in force, and from acting as local preachers, lay readers, or looal correspondents of newspapers. No statistics oan be produced showing the number of schools in which special religious instruction is given. Attitude of the Churches towards the Edu cation System.—With one exception the churches appear to be satisfied with the educa tion system. They value the help given to them in their Sunday-school work by the inBbruction in Scripture history in the public sohools, and they value the privilege of attending to give special denominational teaching to the children of their own members. The Minister and the Under-Secretary informed mo that these re ligious bodies do not try, and apparently do not want, ■ o get anything more. The one exception is the Catholic Church. Consistently with its stated policy this church declines to recognise any education which is not conducted in striob accordance with its own methods. Hence great efforts have been made to establish separate Catholic schools, and by the help of the Marisb Eathers and other teaohing orders good pro gress has been made. At none of the sohools visited did I find more than a few Catholic children, bub there were in the immediate neighborhood large schools belonging to that church. Of course in sparsely-populated districts the only place at which education can be obtained is the' public school, but on the whole the number of Catholic children taught by the State is very much smaller in proportion than the Catholic population. Though no doubt a number of children belonging to this church do actually attend the general Scripture lessons, a3 far as I could gather the policy of the clergy is to require the children to _ be withdrawn. On the other hand Catholio teaohers employed in the public schools _ give the Soripture lessons to their olasse3 in the usual way. No statistics are available to show the number of Catholic children in attendance ab the public sohools. 