AMERICA. CARDINAL GIBBONS AND THE CATHOLIC PRESS. Cardinal Gibbons intended to address the second session of Catholic editors held in Chicago, 7th September, but at the last moment found that it wotid be impossible for him to do so. His Eminence adaressed a letter to the Convention whioh was read by the presiding officer, Fr. Doyle, O.S.P., of the Catholic World. This is the full text of the Cardinal's letter:— Chicago, 6th September, 1893. "My dear Mr. Hiwriyi-^J—was informed to-night thaWra h^^edwfi^ the Right RevermdwoaslgnoVNugeflt ^AuLJBkdC ' to-morrow. Whetffi^wrate the editor . the Milwaukee ^Sw^^^^fj^^^ expressed a hone of -otfteniihffjjyatlr session, if I could spare the time. I find now that this hope is dispelled. Tomorrow morning the committee, of whioh I am ohairman, meets for the purpose of distributing fnnds in behalf of tne Indian and negro missions. This duty will, I think, occupy most of the dsy, and is to be followed by others of equal importanoe. N"My afieotionate interest in the gentle* mbn oonneeted with the Catholic press prompts me to make a few observations whioh ooour to . me at this moment, and whioh I hope will be reoeived as a feeble expression of good will. " There are three great subjects whioh habitually engage the attention of the Catholio editor. The first of these is God, our holy religion, and the Catholio Church, of whioh you have the honour to be exponents. With matters of faith you have nothing to do, except to defend them to the beBt of your ability. "The second subjeot to oocupyyour attention iB that which has reference to your beloved oountry, its government, and politioal institutions. In becoming Christians and Catholics, you do not cease to be oitizens. Tou should take an active, personal interest in all that concerns the welfare of the nation; but these questions, as you know well, should be disoussed, not in the party spirit as a politician, but in the enlightened spirit as a statesman. " The third subject affects your relations to your ecclesiastical superiors and to each other. I need not say that the utmost respect and reverence are due to the Supreme head of the Church and to the bishops, whom the Holy Ghost hath appointed to rule the Church of God. In your relations with each other be always courteous, forbearing and charitable. Differences of opinion will necessarily arise. This is unavoidable. Without discussion there would be mental stagnation. But personalities should be avoided. No one should hastily question the faith and loyally of a brother editor. That is what Dr. Brownson used to oall the " hushup-argnment," and what Cardinal Newman would call " poison in the wells." Such personal assaults give joy to the enemy and make angels and good men weep. "Having ventured to give a friendly word of exhortation, which is inspired by sincere affeotion, let me add a word in your praise. I believe there is no class of cultivated gentlemen in this country harder worked, worse paid, and more severely criticised than the Catholic editors. The good which you accomplish is often passed over in .silence, and your oocasional shortcomings are magnified and paraded. " I hope and pray that your convention will result, with God's blessings, in fostering among you a better esprit de corps and a genuine spirit of brotherly union. Remember that you are all serving in the same glorious cause. Tou are all contending for the honour and propagation of the Bame Catholio faith, having one Lord, one faith, one baptism, and one God and Father of all. '* Believe me, your faithful servant in ChriBt, V \ "J. Cabd. Gibbons." 