echoes. (Br "SornrD.") Are we about to eee oar gemal Shire Secretary, Mr. G. O. Sevier, clod Id MCarlet and in full cha&e; after a fox ? My re&ton; for asking tbia is because I hear he baa be come the owner of Mr. J. Le&rmontb;'a Impetus, J, L. b&viag; made op bu mind to go ia for quite another description of huntiog to that practised in this district. lathe country be is going to tbere will be do fences to surmount, concequently no fiteele- chaeer will be required. His banting will be for gold, aod I am sure all the members of the Hunt Club, from the worthy Master downwards, will join in wishing Mr. Learmonth and his three com panions every success in the far-off laud of Western Australia. But to revert to my origioal question. Are we about to see G. O. S. clad in ccarlet 1 I hope eo es pecially as the young ladies say 41 he would look so nice," but I fear he will not be there, it being bis Intention to send Impetus to Ballarat for sale. If this is so, he should SEcure a fancy figure, as the horse is un doubtedly one of the very beet stamp. I regret to say I was not present in Christ Church on Sunday evening, when theVen. Archdeacon preached a powerful sermon against gambling io any way or shape, and tellingly dwelt upon the miseries that fol- fowed in the train of such a practice. Ia doing so, I frm told, he admitted that thirty years ago he knew the name of almost every horse of note, and by his remarks showed that he was fairly weli posted up with more recent business done by racing clubs. For iustauce, he knew all about the newly-framed regulation under which jockeys are forbidden to bet about any rao in which tbey may take part, and apvcially referred to the decision lately arrived at by the Norlb H&miltcn; Racing Club to hare two of the stewards posted at a certain turn on the course in order to see if riders were "pull ing "their horses or performing any other manoeuvre calculated to spoil the horse's chance of winning The address, as I bars said, was apowerfol one, but, unfortunately, few. if any, of those the Archdeacon desired to beoefit were present. Was it not rather rough thoogh introducing the North Hamil ton Club, seeing that ooe of the pillars of the church is the moving spirit in that organisation, and, doubtless, was a listener. A little local interest was shown in the Caulfield races oo Saturday, and tbe nsusl local " tote " was fairly well patronised. The winner, Knight of the Garter, was only fancied by one individual and a dividend of £4 4s was obtaiced for the investment of 28 6dt or odds amounting to 33 to 1. This was not the only "boil over" in a National event on Saturday, as in Adelaide, where, strange to say, their annual National meeting was held on tbe same day, a horse well known in this district by recent per formances, owned by Mr. T. Cawker, of Casterton, won the Hurdle Race, and started at 10 to 1. His chances were not considered worth much by tbe sporting writers of the Adelaide and Melbourne papers, hot lam informed that tbe horse carried a lot of money in the town he hails from, and bis victory has upset tbe calculations of many of the knowing ones. Laverty, onr local jockey, rode History In the race, and bis friends were pleased to bear of his turn of )cck, and trnat that it will stick to him. Mr. Cawker won the same race last year with Leroy, which is evidence that the Cas terton turfite displays a great amount of judgment in placing a horse. In an ancient town in tbe "land of the thistle and heather " an old lady managed to exist on tbe products of a very small poultry yard, and as each market day came round she conld always rely upon a certain return for her produce. Suddenly, how ever, a " ring " was formed among tbe grocers of the town, and the following market day the old lady was considerably annoyed when informed that the bnying price had been reduced to 8d per dozen. At first she became abusive, and conld not understand auch a reduction after receiving the good price of Is per dozen for so many years, The grocer, after the old lady had calmed down somewhat, remarked : — 44 It's no use your becoming vaxed, Mistress il Tunes, tbe grocers of the toon had a meetin', and a' agreed to give no raair than Sd per dozen, and tbey were all unanimous' at that, too." The egg vendor, uon-plassed, accepted the Sd and went home dejected. Next week she came in with het uenal supply, but the grocer remarked that her eggs were very much smaller than usual, to which the old woman replied, 4 Well, its no use your becomio' vaxed, Mr. M'Tavish, when I went home the itber day I informed the hens of the retranchment, and tbey a' had a meetin', and were ananimous " in agreen' uot to exert themselves in any possible way when the egga were at the low price of Sd." Are the young Australians of the present time snch rollicking blades as those in the days when the now sober-sided middle-aged Pearsons. Le?rm«ntbs, Quigleys et hoc genus ownc were young ? Perhaps they are but, owing to sorrounding circumstances brought about by increase of population, and the absurd horror expressed by too large a section of the community for sporting deeds, they have to restrain their ardonr. Hence for instance, we hear of none attempting to emulate the feat, performed iD the sixties by the late Mr. R. Rearm onlh, of Tahara, one of the boldest of many daring riders. when he jumped Inglesides over a four- raPed fence on a dark night between two lighted candles. Some will think there was nothing in that. Perhaps not, except that it showed the possession of a desirable amount of nerve and pluck io both man and horse. At the time it was done, it gave rise to a spirit of emulation, and amongst others who fancied he could do the same was J.Q , who owned a clinking mare rejoicing in the name of Thunderbolt. Happening to mention his intention before he bad had time to practice the feat, he was somewhat taken aback at being offered a wager of £5 he conld not tbere and then succeed. He was not one to hesitate, however, and an adjournment was made to one of his father's paddocks into which tbe mare bad been turned. To saddle her was tbe work of a moment, two lighted candles in bottles with bottoms broken off, were placed at a given distance on a fence 4ft €in in height, and between these J.Q. placed a white sheet which he had quietly smuggled out of the house. I would have thought that that would have bees enough to make any horse baolk, bat Thunderbolt was not afraid of ghosts or any thiog ghostly, and she flew over the obstruction at first time of asking, just tapping tbe top rail with her hind hoofs. The V.A.T.C, held its Grand National Steeplechase meeting on Saturday, and a large attendance witnessed tbe running of some of tbe moBt important events of the year run at Caulfield. There were good fields for the various events, and the princi pal races were annexed by comparative out siders, Myra in tbe Hordle Race winning by a length and a-half on an 8 to 1 chance, while the erstwhile sensational Cap horse, Knight of the Garter, at 10 to I, after a desperate finish with Wellington .resulting in a win by half-a-length, appropriated tbe Steeple chase. The following were the results : — Sapling Stakes — Athata, 1 ; Question, 2 ; Valour, 3.. Grand National -Hurdle Race— - Myra, X ; Titanic, 2 ; Tim Swiveller, 3. Selling Race— Dramatist, 1 ; The Bud, 2; Rudolph, 3. Grand National Steeplechase — Kniflbt of tbe Garter, X ; Wellington, 2 ; Dasaco, 3. Balaclava Stakes— Division, 1 Wild Rose, 2 ; Jew Boy, 3. ' Rarely, says Truth of July 6, has cricket been " played so low down" in a first-class match as in the encounter between Oxford and Cambridge on Monday, when the Oxford " tail," in order to secure a " follow on" before the wicket had been knocked to pieces, endeavoured to get ont. without making runs, and the Cambridge bowlers endeavoured to checkmate this sportsman like policy by bowling wides and no- balls. If the Oxford men really intended tbe tactics attributed to them, their conduct seems to have been worse than low, for it. was stupid. It is difficult for a to get ont if the other side do not want to put him out ; while it Is absolutely impossible for him to prevent tbe other eide bowling wides and no- balla. I have hesrd St said that University teams never do themselves justice at Lord's. This certainly seems to have been tbe case io 1893. My old friend " Dick" B writing from hie survey camp at Bunbury, W.A., gives an amusing account of a cricket match, .played there during July, between 14 Victorians and the rest of the available universe," -which he says, " ia not finished nor likely to be, at our opponents are so awfully tricky." If they can best " Dick" they must be clever. However, to resume. He goes on to say,' " We woo .toss, ;aod recognising, the fact that hobnailed boots, comhintd witb the' long stand we relied upon making, woold cot op the pitch, preferred to give the fielders some exercise- In other words, we 1 went in, and- the first ball bowled was hit high aod hard, and colliding with a heavy cloud, fell again mpidly towards mother earth. Not, howsvsr, into the hands of one of our opponents, no fear, it lodged in a three pronged branch of a ' Jarrah 1 tree. Lost ball, they cried, bot how conld it be lost when it conld be seen? We woold not have it ao on any account, and onr batsmen kept on rooning. Seeing this the captain of the Universe held a consultation with his men, the result being that whilst he went away for an axe, they sat down, smoked, sod looked at onr fellows running. The axe- eearcber must have been away for close upon an hour, when we saw him returning with a rifle, but one of onr supporters was also armed, and before our opponents could surround the jarrah to make a catch he fired aod down the ball fell on the gronnd. By this time the batsmen had run 586 runs which, 1 believe, breaks the record, for ooe hit. Then tbe opposing captain re sorted to another' mean snbterfuge. He claimed that bating been hit, none had a right to interfere with the ball but one of the fielders. Our patriotic umpire, how ever, was equal to -the occasion ; he's an awfully fair man, and he decided that our rifleman bad acted charitably and rightly. Thereupon we declared onr innings closed, aod tbe others went in. The first ball delivered pitched on to the b&tsman;'s head. 'How's that?' from Victorians with one voice. 4 Ont,' unhesitatingly responded our umpire. Bat the batsman, in most an- cricketlike manner, refused to go out. He argued that the role the ball most pitch, etc.,' meant that it must be pitched on to the.cronnd between wickets, bot we die missed this contention as absurd, it might pitch ttujitUcrUj cpj ao loegca it bit the batsman, if pitched in a straight line between the wickets, and not too high, the Lb.w, rale applied. Certainly it had not bit bis leg, bnt aa he had docked his head i he mnst go out for a dnck.' Well, we thought this settled the matter, when another strange objection was raised, the ball is overweight, it has a rifle bullet em bedded In it.' Conld anything be more us- grateful, seeing that we had eo loudly released the ball for tbem. But, aa it hap pened, the ball had been underweight in tile first instance, and we proposed to show that even with the bullet it did not exceed 4£oz, We had no scales, bnt made a balance out of a piece of wood, a lb pot of jam, and some string. We first halved tbe jam, then quartered it, and so got 4ozs. But the ball beat this. Then it struck ns that the tin would weigh abont 2 ozs., so we quartered that, aud then fonnd the ball to be of rigbt weight. I believe orthodox cricket balls weigh 5£ozs. in colder climates, but tbe exertion in a bot place like this, is quite enough with 44oze. I may add that beyond these trifling disputes, the match, which we claim to have won with one hit, was moetenjoyable. Last time they entertained us. Ou this occasion we fonnd the nardoo and possum, they simply snpply- ing appetites, which they did so successfully that we have since been suffering from drought." 