Crumbs. O00T. Bluff. Eden. Bijou. Maoris. Pleasant. Waterloo. Summary. Straitened. Both Houses. Sixpenny ads. Grandiloquent. I atal precocity. Automatic toys. False statements. * Economy all round. " Prehistoric Man." Cheaper advertising. Excited imagination. British pictures goue. The opposition scared. Magnificent coal seams. Ketch Stormbird raised. Look after the scavenger. Friday sittings—perhaps. Victorian riSemen go top. Death trap for the unwary. Toms bravely pedalling on. Theatre opens on Saturday. Three into this one won't go. Albert Bells too often silent, liate sittings in both Houses. Fearful earthquake in Persia. Cyclorama largely patronised. Trying the faith of the public. Willcox has made a good Mayor. Burns statue nearing completion. Mr. Wood has no end of advisers. Cordial feeling towards tbe Mayor. Is our organist one of the ephemera? Barometer at 11 o'clock to-day 29.92. Revenue prospects hopeful just now. • Tom holding the pursestriogs tightly. Calamity Jane" caused a catastrophe, Mrs. Mary Lee recuperating at Crafers. Knorr on trial; anticipating a life sentence. Fossils worrying over the taxation problem. May thoee bells soon ring in a happier year. Persia's population suddenly dropped 13,000. Mr. R. Wood. M P., discovering his friends. Anything but the bsginningof a millennium. Another chapter in the history of Adelaide. A Starr-Bowkett Building Society started. ' Bertie Glasson has only a few more boors to live. Will the Upper House swallow the Taxation Bill? Rundle-street putting on its Christmas •iress. Magistrates' Court asked for at Hiad- •uarsh. Councillor Anderson has done the city good service. Councillor Sellar could fill ' Hansard" himself. Glasson looking vainly to the Father of Lies for help. Lively meeting of Labour party at Norwood last night. The City Fathers and the Mayor exchanged courtesies. Kent Town Sunday-sohool Festival opens 1-morrow. No more thirteen and ninepenny mouthfuls eh, Tom. An ideal state of life can only ercit an ideal of people. 'Unadulterated balderdash and glorified mmy rot." John Chinaman going for higher pay in >rt Darwin. ' Virulent influenza playing up with Britons Germans. Leigh's Creek shareholders muBt get their <ney ready. '* Prehistoric Man" illustrated to-night by ::elight views. Victorian infanticide cases before the upreme Court. A deficit on the city's accounts for the yew • nearly £1,000. , The World's Fair pulled up wonderfnlly | ••owarda the end. The best times of the Chicago Exhibition -ame at the close. The riflemen ran one another very close at the Federal Match. "Facilitation of industrial disputes" is eminently Worsnopian. Electric lighting still kept dangling before tbe Adelaide public.- When naughty boys play with firearms the cane should enre 'em. The Mayor's health was drunk to the tune of " Auld Lang Syne." The too free handling of firearms cannot be too strongly condemned. Mr. R. Wood's true friends are those who want to see his character cleared. Greece about to call a meeting of her creditors. John Bull very cross. Clement sanguine that Wragged weather can be forecast 95 times out of 100. It is a mercy to some of the City Fathers tbat they are not reported verbatim. It's a treat to watch the children in front of some of those Rundle-street shops. The City Council, like tbe Government, must bs just before they are generous. Sergeant Arnold made tbe best score foe South Australia in the Federal match. The City Fathers have done what they could to provide work for the distressed. Sun rose at 4.43 a.m. ; seta at 6.54 p.m. Moon set at 8.54 a.m.; rises at 11.45 p.m. Rawei would fain save the Maoris from extinction, and give them to Christianity. Supposed relic of tbe Leichardt expedition. Unpleasant thoughts excited by it, though. To attract population to the colony work musi be found and life must be worth living. Frances Knorr, the baby farmer, trying to get evidence " manufactured" in ber interest. " Teacher" wants a free railway pass during the Christmas holidays. And so want all of us. An interesting description oi the charming exhibition is given in Eden by a daughter of Eve. America made a stupendous and successful effort to retrieve the fortunes of her Columbian Fair. Virtues like perfumes lose their essenoe on being exposed or adulterated with vain imaginings. Mr. Wilton Hack very sanguine of the benefits to flow from his co-operative settlement scheme. Norwood Labour party have resolved after a vote to treat the munioipal elections as an open question. The spirit of disobedience in the little boy ' Waterhouse has raised a ghost that will take a lifetime to lay. Dr. Stirling gives his valuable and interesting lecture on Prehistoric Man to-night in the Y.M.C.A. Hall. No fair minded man will blame tbe Treasurer for getting all the revenue which can fairly be secured. Aboriginals were always employed in loading copper on the Daly River, and proved splendid workers. R. C. Baker andGecrge Ash were witnesses at the Police Court yesterday. They were, however, not the legislators. What's the use of having public works that will involve increased taxation, which will drive people from the colony ? Adelaide's Mayor giving attention to the Bill " for the facilitation of industrial disputes." Oh, Mr. Worsnop. Our national debt and great public undertakings make it imperative tbat our working population should flver.be increasing. Trams are allowed- to run through St. Vincent-street at the rate of ten miles an hcur. Good eyes and ears needed to avoid danger. Totals of the Federal Rifle Match—Victoria, 1,119; New bouth Wales, 1,115; South Australia, l,o"9< ; Tasmania, 1,332: and Weaiern Australia, 1,328. " J-, F - Paecoe" says'that butter brought into Victoria last year upwards of £500,000 of foreign money — a reeujs intjnitely benencial than a million loan. The proposed -all in the Norwood Corporation l«st night was not for the purpose of reducing the salary of tbe Surveyor, but for equalizing the whole of the salaries. Unproductive public works, as Mr. Henry Scott points out, while they may suit a few engaged in speculative business, mean increased poverty and distress to all kinds of working men in future. 