FICTION. From nuicllnt), Amarlcnn, »ml Oilier Pcrlorflcal«. Lumfef LawSon'is Hslribufion CHAPTER VII. AN unexpected sh^-tinc, and a mttek from THE DBA». There stood a row of cottages at the end of the village belonging to the Manor House Estate, and the poor people living in these humble dwellings had always found the late Major akmdaud lenient landlord. Mr. Lumley Lawton having married the Major's widow, dow looked upon these cottages as his own property, and he determined to pay a visit to each tenant respectively. One morning Mr. and Mrs. Lawton, accom- panied by Rose Farleigh, started on the visit of inspection. The first cottage at which they called lived old Betty Green, a widow. Whilst old Betty was talking to Mrs. Lawton and Rose in the little patch of garden ground, a good-looking girl, neatly and simply dressed, came from the cottage and stood by the widow's side. Lumley Lawton happened to glance into this girl's face, and he saw something there that turned his own features livid, while his frame shook as if he were suddenly stricken with paloy, His wife observed the sudden change and asked: " Lumley, aro you not well ?" He was unable to answer, but stood there with his scared eyes fixed upon the strange girl's face. " Who is this young woman ?" inquired Mrs. Lawton of old Betty. " Oh, please ma'am, this is only Nelly Lamer," replied old Betty. The name oE the girl caused another shock to Lumley Lawton's nerves, and he staggered to the little wicket gate and held on there for support. " Pray who is Nellie Larner ?" aBked Mrs. Law- ton of old Betty. " She is only a poor girl sent down from London for her health by Mr. Mervyn," replied old Betty. As Mr. Lawton's agitation continued, his wife hastened to his insistance ; gave him an arm for support, and led him away, followed t>y Rose Farleigh. MrB. Lawton de.ïmed it very strange that the mere sight of this young woman should so much disturb her dear Lumley. Mr. LawroD held no belief whatever in the super, natural ; but when his sight first encountered that girl's face h\ Betty Green's garden, he really fancied that she was a ghost ; such a remarkable resemblance did Jw features bear to some one he had known more than twenty years ago; and the name, too, " Nellie Larner," was the same as that of one whom he knew to be dead and buried more than twenty years ago. Immediately on his return to the Manor house he hastened to his own private room, unlocked a small deßk in which he kept letters and documents of a secret natmc, and which were never seen by any eye except his own. After searching through a bundle of old letters, now turned yellow, and the writing dim with age, he selected one, and held it before hi6 eyes wioh trembling fingers. It bore an old date of many years ago, and was as follows : "Lumley Lawton,-By the time this letter reaches your hand I shall be dead and buried, therefore it will come to you as if sent from the grave. I have no favour to ask, no request to make. I only pray that if the words of a dying woman, such f.s I, may meet with grace from heaven above, that your hand will wither if you ever attempt" to destroy this letter. I know your craven-hearted nature, and I now dar« you to de- stroy the paper on which these words are written. 1 My child and yours, Lumley Lawton, Bhall tread the streets of London as I have done, driven to it by your heartless, unmanly, and inhuman treat- ment. Something tolls me, Lumley Lawton, that even death cannot divide us. In years to come, as you are certain to pursue your awful career, you will, when you least expect it, find me at hand to frustrate- your sehendes in a mander yon never dream of. Lumley Lawton, the curses of a dying woman shall follow you to the last end of your earthly existence.-Ellen' La.rner." The letter did not contain another word. Lumley Lawton's cheeks blanched, and his hands trembled aB he replaced the letter in his desk ; and then, with eyes downcast and unsteady gait, he slowly left the room. That same evening, as he and his wife were sitting together, he said: "My dear, what rent does Mrs. Green pay for her little cottage ?" ^Three shillings per woek," replied Mrs. Lawton. "That is not enough," cried Lumley. "In future she must pay six shillings per week ; and if she objects to pay it, give her notice to quit, and let her go elsewhere" The next morniuu, as toon as breakfast was over, Lumley Lawton went forth alone. His footsteps led him to the fur end of the village, and he slowly sauntered past old Betty Gieen'e cottage. The place must have possessed some great attraction for Lumley Lawton, as he lingered near the spot for more than an hour -, and yet he seemed to hesi- tate to open the little wicket and enter the little garden ; but many Uiuea he glanced at the cottage with a dull, sullen -tare, his brows kuit, and lips cotnpreswcl. I'lB-outly be walked farther down the lane, i.ed ¿ot over a stile that led to the pathway by the river side. There were thick alder bushes on the bank at the river, and in many places the bushes overolmdcwed the path, making it a cool and shady walk 3fcu when the sun sent down his hottest rayR Mr. Lawton strolled slowly alon>j this pathway, eujoyiegthe fresh morning brteZ'', and feeling pi cud to think that the land upon which he trod wai hih own; and the pellucid stream which ran by his side meandered through his own grounds, thus iffoidmg good fishing for himself and friends. While t jus ruminating, he caught a glimpse of a ";,;ht-<'i»l;ured cotton gown; and, on looking up, h . perceived a young woman, who ap- peared to Law -uiluiiuly come from under one of the alder hiuocs. She gave not the slightest notice to Mr. Lawton, but went lightly tripping down the path by the side of the river. Lumley Lawton's ntl-'nh'ou win- much attracted to this girl. He seemed to know her figure ; her gait, the very manner in vbvih she lightly tripped along,-all were quito familiar to him. -Presently she ceased running, and otepped. to gather flowers. Mr. ' Lawton thereupon walked faster, being determined to see the girl's face. As he approached nearer, she stood up, and looked full into his face, some- what defiantly. The sudden sight of the girl's features startled Mr. Lawton, and he stood still staring at her vacantly. His seated looks amused her, and she laughed loudly. " You look as if you had just seen a ghost !" she cried flippantly. It was Nellie Lamer, out for a morning run across the meadows, doing as she had been bidden hy Frank Mervyn, before ho sent her down from London. She now unceremoniously turned her back on Mr. Lawton, and continued her walk by the side of the river. Mr. Lawton followed close behind, and soon over- took her, and for several yards walked by her side. "That looks like a deep hole," said he, pointing into the river. " 1 know that," replied Nellie, ungraciously ; "it is called the Whirly Hole." Mr. Lawton stumbled, and fell heavily against Nellie. She quickly sprang inside, or she would have fallon into the river, for they were both close to the edge of the bank. The soil under Mr. Lawton feet gave way, and ne fell headlong with the crumbling earth into the gurgling and troubled waters of Whirly Hole. He threw up his a^ms, and cast an appealing look at Nellie, as if beseeching her to save him from a watery grave. Nellie was in one of her defiant moods this morning, and from some cause, unknown to herself, had conceived an intense dislike of this man ¡ therefore, she would not, ia any way, exert herself to save him. " 'Twas your own fault," she cried, jeeringly. *' You tumbled in instead of me, and now you may tumble out agr.in, if you can !" And she laughed i merrily, her voice echoing far down the river among the alder bushes. At that moment Tom Norland came saunteiing down the other side of the river, and seeing a drowning man struggling in the terrible Whirly Hole, Tom plunged fearlessly in and saved his life. Tom landed Mr. Lawton on the shingle at the opposite side of the river to that on which Nellie stood unconcernedly looking on. Tom looked across the river into the girl's face. " Does this gentleman belong to you ?" inquired Tom of Nellie. " No ;" shouted Nellie, laughing, " I am glad to say he does not ; I would not own him." "I come from the Manor House," said Mr. Lawton, as soon as he could speak. " Oh !" responded Tom, in something very like a groan, " then I suppose you are Mr. Lawton ?" And Tom unceremoniously turned away. " Allow me to thank you for your kindness in rescuing me from the river ?" said Mr. Lawton "I require no thanks," said Tom, ungraciously, as he walked away, leaving Mr. Lawton dripping wet upon the shingle. As Mr. Lawton crawled away homeward, slowl ¡r, ho heard Nellie Larner merrily carolling, as if she was as free from care as the birds in the air ¡ and ho stopped to listen to the sound, for it reminded him of a voice which was once well known to him. Maybourne had become hateful to Lumley Law- ton. He had been twice affrighted by the face of that girl who was staying with old Betty Green j and each time ho had momentarily thought that he was looking upon the face of one -whom he well knew was dead and buried, years ago. And again, even the voice of the same girl sounded to his ears like the voice of the dead. He looked upon May bourne as a place accursed ; for to him it appeared to be haunted by a face from the grave, and the sound of a voice that he knew was hushed for ever. And then his immersion ia Whirly Hole. Whilst being whirled round and round in the seething waters he had looked upward, and ontha river bank had seen thoface of a dead woman looking down at his struggles with a pitiless expression. Such were his impressions at the moment, and as he now re- called them his frame trembled, and the blood ran cold through his veins. He determined not to re- main at Maybourne for the partridge shooting as lie had intended ; but he would return to London as soon as possible. In London he felt safe from t these wretched sights and sounds. The sylvan soli ' tudes of Maybourne were not in accord with his tastes at all. In some way, which at present was inexplicable, they recalled the past to his memory and the past was a sealed book whioh he had no desire to open, even for the most casual glance | through its pages. 