CHAITER V.-' IMY CHILD, THY TIME HAS NOT YET COME.' For a time Bess walked quietly on, leaning heavily on Eleanor's arm, but every now ard then she muttered to her self, and occasionally clutched at the girl to save herself from falling, as the effect Sf the alcohol she had so freely imbibed began to show itself more forcibly. Pre sently she halted before the bar of a small and ill lit public.house, and despite Eleanor's utmost efforts to dissuade her from doing so entered and called loudly for beer, leaving the former waiting out side in the moonlight. The atmosphere was heavy after the sultry summer day, and redolent of stagnant gutters, stale tobacco, and spirits where Eleanor was sttinding. She felt faint, weary, sick at heart, and involuntarily she uttered a faint moan as she waited. A passer-by heard the sound low though it was, and paused to learn its import. 'You are ill, faint,' said he kindly, drawing near to Eleanor. 'No,' and she moved a little, which caused the light from the open door of the bar to fall upon her face. The speaker started. He was a mer chant belonging to a large and well known firm, a grey haired man and the father of a family. He had thought to see probably a half-starved factory girl or a slovenly maid ; instead he saw a puro oval face, the fine lines in which were only equalled by the expression of ex quisite refinement which it wore. ' Good heavens !' he exclaimed, ' What ever brings you here ?' In a voice so low, so tremulous with shame and sorrow, that he could ecarcely hear it, Eleanor re p'ied that she waited for her mather. 'Mother !' exclaimed her interlocutor, What ! Your mother in that low place ? Eleanor bowed her fair face in aesent. Without giving himself time for thought, the gentleman entered the dirty little bar, and looked round at its occupants. Two or three rough looking men, and one woman in bedraggled skirts and a torn sun-bonnet, comprised the same. They all turned and stared at the newcomer, and then he saw that the woman's face was large and coarse featured, and that it bore traces of con tinued dissipation, and then he waited for no more. 'Listen,' he said, hurriedly addressing Eleanor, ' I am the father of a family, I have daughters no older than you at home. If you have somehow got into that woman's power tell me how it is and I will help you.' Eleanor lifted her pale face and steadily regarded him before answer ing. Then she said slowly 'She is my mother. I have lived with her all my life. I think there is no help for me, but I thank you ; oh, yes, I thank you.' She covered her face in her hands and turned away. 'Never,' said the greyhaired gentleman excitedly. 'Never were mother and child more unlike.' He put his hand into hislpocket and drew out a card which he placed in Eleanor's hand. 'If you are ever in need of help, such as I could furnish, come to that address,' he said. She thanked him m?echanically, and took. his card, but she did not look at it. Then she again raised her eyes, great wistful blue eyes, to his face, and said with such a spiritless air that it wrung his heart to witness it. ' There is but one way of escape open to me.' ' And that is ?' queried the gentleman eagerly. 'Through death,' said Eleanor. He raised his hand deprecatingly, but she had passed into the open bar, and he could do no other than go on his way. It was with the utmost difficulty that Eleanor succeeded in persuading Bess to allow herself to be taken home, but at last reeling, shouting at intervals, and making the night hideous with unearthly cries, she reached her destination, but not before similar sounds emanating from her own rooms reachel her ear. High pitched voices, noisy laughter, ribald remarks filled the air. Their door stood open, and in the first room were perhaps a dozeu men and women holding a drunken revelry. Their appearance was greeted by a general uproar, and cries of, 'Cum on, Bess ! Here's to me lady's 'esnlth ! A pint for me lady ! We don't sit down with quality hlvery day !' Bess staggered to the table, on which stood several black bottles, and helped herself. Near the door but taking no part in the proceedinigs sat a broad-faced young man with a mild,but not too intelli gent expression. As Bess left Eleanor's side and staggered in, the latter gave one wild terrified glance round the room and turned away. ' um on, mo lady ; yer's not goin', I'll see,' said an ill looking man in a loud voice, rising from his seat on the floor. But at the door he found his exit barred. The broad-faced young man had alno risen for the purpose of thrusting hisi great form in the doorway. 'Out of the way,' said the ill-looking stranger, trying to assume a tone of boldness, albeit the fact that he possessed a shaking frame. ' You'll feel the weight o' this first,' t replied the other, baring an enormous fist and arm as he spoke. The ill-hcoking man scowled fiercely, but returned to his seat notwithstanding. I Meanwhile the owner of unlimited size and muscle remained at the door till all 1 had once mor't applied themselves to the black bottles; then he slouched out into 1 the narrow street clowly, aimlessly as it were, till out of the sight and hearing f the tipsy revellers ; and then he shook his huge form and walked off at a brisk pace. He was one of the few friends that Eleanor possessed, and now he was going in search of her to protect her, to help her find a shelter for the night, but whither should he go ? After that wild despairing glance, Eleanor had fled into the moonlit street, in what direction she knew not, till a slight chilliness in the atmosphere and the hoarse croaking of frogs, told her that she was near the river. But she went on blindly, as well be by the river as else where, since there was no place for her to go to. Like a mocking phantom rose the picture in her fancy of the beautiful lady so richly dressed, her handsome lover, friend, and perhaps husband, and the lovely garden. She thought she saw again their glances of pity, pity for her, the outcast, the beggar, who knew not where to lay her head. The drunkard's child, an object of pity, of scorn, of aver sion. She clasped her thin hands and walked on, and on, and on across the ron bridge, and then back again, back wards and forwards, backwards and for wards. She looked at the river far below, and noted the silver gleam of the moonlight on its rushing torrent, and she looked and looked, till the water assumed a cruel fascination for her, till the gurgling eddies seemed to speak, and this is what they said. ' There is but one way of escape for you and that is death, death, death. Die while you are young, and free from the stain of sin. Die while you are able to lay claim to other than the pity of man. Die while you are in pos session of your own respect.' Fragments of the wise counsels she had received from the philanthropic ladies who attended the night school returned to her memory, but they seemed only to mock her misery. There seemed no hope, no help for her. Again and again she clasped and un clasped her thin hands, again and again she moaned and sobbed in anguish of spirit. What was there in life for her to do? Her mother, a slave to the morbid craving which had demoralised her beyond redemption in this world, no longer could she save her from temptation, no longer influence her for good. Still she was her mother, and she could not leave her; in order to better her own condition, she could only die. When once that fevered brain was stilled she would have peace; the sore struggles, the bitter rebellion, the unsatisfied long ing for what was good and great, all would be at an end, all would be swallowed up in the quiet of the grave. She raised her eyes to the moonlit heavens, and murmured, ' Beautiful sky, I could be happy there.' But at that moment a great trembling seized her frame, there was a sound as of rushing winds, and then in a low soft tone were these words spoken 'in her ear, ' My child, thy time has not yet come. Flee, ore thou com mittost a great sin.' A wonderful calm fell upon her stricken spirit. She turned to see from whom those words came, but she was alone. She did not wonder, surely that voice, those words, were born of Heaven rather than earth. She looked again at the gleaming saters, but with what different feelings ? No longer did they possess a fascination for her, but instead, an inexpressible loathing filled her soul, a horror of the terrible tempta tion which had so lately beset her. She pressed her hand tightly over her eyes to shut out the horrible sight. 'Lord, I thank Thee,' she said brokenly, ' I thank Thee for saving me from a great wrong. Forgive me. Oh, forgive me.' The young man of elephantine propor tions met Eleanor a little way from the scene of her sore trial; he uttered an exclamation of gladness as he did so. ' Oh, Eleanor, he esad, ' I'm right glad to find you.' Then he paused for want of words to express his feelings. 'Right glad I am,' he repeated, and then he stopped again. 'Have you been looking for me, Matt?' she asked gently. 'Aye, I soon set out. I'd have broken all their bones before I would have let them foiler yer. Aye, I'd have broken all their bones,' he said slowly. Matt wars Eleanor's humble follower, espousing her cause upon each and every occasion, and many were the blows given by that huge fist to ensure the latter's freedom from the persecution of unwel. come and unwarrantable attentions. 'You are very good to me,' Eleanor said wearily. ' Good, yer call it. If yer only would let me be good to yer, Eleanor, 'd take care on yet all yer life. Yes, I'd take care on yer all yer life.' HIr gentleness had emboldened her bashful and somewhat uncouth lover to declare himself. Hitherto she had some how kept him at a distance, but to-night the severe mental strain through which she had just passedl had unnerved her, and made it impossible to maintain her accustomed reserve. 'I'm very fond o' you, Eleanor,' he vouchsafed awkwardly as he found that she did not speak. She looked at himn, at his big, brcad, stupid,good.natured face,and she shivered slightly as she did so. ' I'm awfully fond of yer, Eleanor,' he repeated, apparently afraid that she dcoubted tho assurance. ' I-I believe you are, Matt, and I am very grateful to you for all your goodness to me, but I could not marry you.' ' Oh,' said the disappointed Mlatt, 'are you sure, Eleanor?' ' Quito sure Matt.' I But if yer were ter marry me,E!eanor, I'd be no good to ycr, and stand up for yer 'gainst overyone and overythink. The love would come, for I'm awfully fond o' year, Eleanor.' SListen, Mott,' said Eleanor, l if you were to ask me for a lovely fl.wer, fresh and sweet, and moist with mountain dew, and I offered you a bruised and withered stalk, what would you do ?' 'Throw it away,' replied Matt prac tically. ' I thought so,' Eleanor said gravely, but the ghost of a smile played round about her sweet mouth as she spoke. Matt stared at her with a liok of wonder in his round eyes, then he said, ' When I see you a-sewing and a-sewing, a straining your poor dim eyes by a bid taller candle, and a-cackkin' your poor bent back all day, it makes me feel-I don't know how it makes me feel,' and he passed his great hand over his now sheepish eyes to hide the tear that lurked there. Eleanor was moved. She put out a thin roughened hand and timidly touched one of the huge clenched fiats. Matt looked down at the touch, and his fingers enclosed and imprisoned Eleanor's. ' it does mo good, he said with a gulp, 'it doeseme good just to 'old your 'and. I know I ain't fit for yer, Eleanor, I know I might as well ex pect a hangel from 'eaven to 'ave me, as ter think o' you.' ' It is not that, Matt,' said Eleanor nervously, ' you are good, how good I alone can tell. Do you suppose 1 have not known that you have followed me whenever I have been late home, that you have done this to save me from annoy ance, and that it mattered not how tired you were after your hard day's work on the wharf, you never failed to be there if I were late. Do you think I do not know how good you are to your widowed mother, or how steady you have always boon ? 'but as she said this Eleanor gently but firmly withdrew her hand from Matt's. But Matt was elated at her praise, his dull face positively glowed with satisfaction. Surely she must like him after all, or she wouldn't say such nice things. 'Eleanor,' he said, ' where are you going to-night?' She turned a troubled face towards him. 'I do not know, Matt.' 'Come home to mother's,' he said eagerly, ' she'll be glad enough to have yer.' Eleanor shook her head. NMatt's face fell. ' Why not, Eleanor ? Mother would be kind to yer,' she said wonderingly. She looked at him for a few moments without speaking, and then she said slowly--'Are you offering me a shelter for the night in your mother's home, as you would anyone who was poor and friendless, anyone who had no place to lay her head, or are you offering me assistance because - because you love me?' Matt opened his round eyes. ' I'd lend anyone a helping hand, Eleanor, anyone as came in me way, but I'd sooner the person was you, Eleanor, sooner than anyone else, for I'm very fond of yer, Eleanor,' he added. 'Listen, Matt, I will accept the shelter of your mother's roof to-night if she offers it, just the same as an outcast dog would take advantage of a corner by the fireside, dumbly, gratefully; but think of me only as that outcast -say to your mother "Here is a homeless, friendless-" ' 'Never friend less ! ' exclaimed Matt, his dull eyes lighting, ' never friendless while this arm can make good use of its muscle.' ' Say to your mother,' continued Eleanor,,'that you have brought one who cannot lay claim to other than the care of the Supreme Being, of whom we can but dimly think as a ruling power as great and wise as it is just and merciful, but which is, notwithstanding, to us most inscrutable.' She appeared to have for gotten to whom she was speaking, and Matt, who had barely comprehended half of what she had said, was not sorry to have reached his mother's door. An elderly woman sat in the front room in an old armchair. Her figure showed dimly in the moonlight which streamed through the window. Her son struck a match and lit a small lamp which stood upon a table in the middle of the room Then he put one of his great hands, gently though be it said, on his mother's shoulder. She started, and awoke. ' You're late,Matt,'was all she said seeing him only. ' Aye, mother, but I've brought a bird as has lost its nest to yer, mother. Can yer, will yer take care on it, mother ?' Then Matt shuffled to one side, and Eleanor spoke 'I am without shelter for the night,' she said colouring painfully, ' Your son discovered that I had nowhere to go, and he said he thought that you, that you perhaps would be so good as to take me in,' she ended abruptly. 'Your name ?' asked Matt's mother. ' I know only my Christian name,' said Eleanor, her cheeks flashing anew 'and that Is Eleanor.' ' My Lady !' exclaimed the woman involuntarily. Eleanor bowed her head. 'They call me by that name,' she said. 'I know,' said Matt's mother, extending her hands. Poor child, poor child ! May the Lord pity and help ye. You're right welcome to the shelter o' me' poor roof. Poor lamb, poor lamb.' The continued strain had severoly taxed Eleanor's strength, and now this unex. pected kindness from Matt's mother proved too much for her overwrought feelirgs. She esayed to express her gratitude, but burst into a helpless flod of tears instead. (To be continuecl.) First boy (dropping in for a call)' 'Wet are you doin' with your hat an' coat on in th' house?' Second Boy: ' Mamma is puttin' things to rights, an' I want to keep these where I can find 'em.' 