A PLEJL FOR THE G&GPIPES.; TO THE EIHfnftt. " Slr,-'luis {s a new oouítry, and there is much of thc irreverence df extreme youth in j the opinons held by raaoy young Australians ou many «eabjccls that 'in other and older lands, tiSiTe become - sacred by long associa- tions. That any cue in his sober senses could admire the masic-oí the bagpipes, seems to them an utter impossibility- Thc ad- miration that Scotchmen express on this subject, tiley believe nude up of half mis- guided'patriotism, «mi half pure contrari- ness, "md wish to irritate all ether nationalities. It is stated, on comparatively good -authority, thn't the first musical in Btroenont manufactured by Tubal Oain wat the bagpipes, T&ough; why Scotland should have'obtained their 'almost exclusive «sc is a mystery, liest Otaîy gave them tn Scot- land is a well authenticated fact, and Italy is tbs mistress et music '. Why tt«Sy did not <heep thens is «rothor mystery, birt, nc doubt she retactsrsnjy recognised the fact that tn play cbc <pipcs properly, required a race cf men -ef .greater stamina thosi her ovr.; men " with "wonderful lungs of leather" as Buchanan «aye, who could only be raised ia 'tho land of oatcakes and porridge. It imtr be, ss 1 board one remark, there is a seeming rnooetooy in all the airs we hoar from the ba^nses. The scornfal Engliebmau in --he Bab Koluds mentions that *n ons ceca sion from Ute pipos one piper actually ob- tained a tune. "Heat tatt,IflwJarc. Elit died sonetliinrrcsenibnTifî muh. lt vwawiM-Hams fitful-as u-jld sc Usc bru*:, It i landend abtut in to serena] key", It \ras 3*Ay-flpaanitidic-ana hanoi. Tm awoi.', Iiul.stul ildisiroctly suggeAoàm oil." We are ewans that the pipes toe not -suit- able for the recderi ag of classical music, but there are only «ne or twe in -every hundred (thc tielect few), w3io care in tfteir inmost hearts, for tba* type of music. The- following st ories «iii! HTlsstratc che unreasoning préjudice that soemc to powisf some minds against the bagpipes--" A lrttb: girl, on bearing a Hjghlander placing io 'fat style at the elmer of a street, ran to bel 'mother crying " Oh, mamma, mamma' couldn't you interfere; tliri'c'u a torrid mtM «tjuccizlog something Tinder feis*rrc, and heil hurting it so".'' "il yoing man (not of s .musical turn) was disappointed ia love, and contemplated «Seide. Hcliocanie «.-confirme; 'hater of his ftind, ar id wa« on «he point di Ondrup a career of no parficulix promise, .when he hcaraVin thc distanoe thc wail of HM -bagpipes. Ho dianne. 1 his nrind «; a bright idea struck him. He determined itu learn tc 'learn to play them as » reKef le'his over dbargod feelings, and aggravation lo hu neighbours, He malia ged to oeecre som« second-hand pipes, ai ut Tetwnofl to hit boardinghouse. Every mifilrt ac Midnight drew nesr he llegan to practiioe. Wails and Î[rains as of tortured t tmls came from hil onely room, where ho We <K in fi ann ¡ali delighi and ignorance file was I obliged ts chang! hifi-waidencc several timi a, eomotimet hareTj escaping with Iiis life. . Suicide bocamt common, but he iperseve teS, frA after - tw< mouths of this tr-eatnien t Sie became com pleloly cured, and rctui mod -tc life ag.iit with a fresh üest." Ko . IrurtWLlimi.evw' cai appreciate thc Imp- pipes ; lo do -Hißt require a birtinilacc in "CeSeijoni astern mid wild a childhood spout ïn a hi aurie ftcottiafa glen where every rock, Hmm, and >brae ic hal lowed wWi a nealUi of traditionary lore Watch a true Scotchman : u «Sie souiid°«f th bagpipes firtt strikes on I ii« ear. At th fierce war saug of "Scots Wjia 'Hae'"hi eye brightens, his figure st taSglttcns, and th blood of generations af fif '.hoing 'forefather runs quick in bis veins ; again he heat some rollicking reel, and his feet nnconi ciously beat time to its merry measurt Some scenes there are willi . which -thc mus! of tho bagpipes fi inseparahl, J cionncrted, an ivs one listens lo thc familiar inuBic, old timei and scenes come before thc mind's eye. " Il is a bright summer morning in one of thc glens in far-off Scotland. A merry company arc trooping gaily along tho road that leadf lo the ivy-covered kirk, where bonnie Jean is to bc married to blue-eyed Donald. Past the laughing burn overhung with flowering hawthorn, up thc brae yellow with broom, and thc hills glorious in a wilderness of blooming heather winds thc road ; and the company troop briskly along, keeping step to the inspiriting straiiiB from the pipes. Back again ; and they are all gathered on the village green, where the pipers blow reel after reel, in wonderful style, and the lads and lasses foot it bravely, while their elders gather round to watch tho sports and think of the days nf their youth, thc days of Lang Syne." Still another scene :-It is a bleak winter's afternoon, thc sun's rays slant coldly down as bauds of men arc moving slowly along tho Biiow-covercd path to thc old kirk vard. They are taking a chief to bis last lung home. Ko sound of footsteps can be heard, thc deep snow muffles each step. The mountains rising in gloomy grandenr aro covered with thc same pure mantle, though thc dark tirs stand out dis- tinct from thc whiteness, their topmost branches alone bearing their burden of snow. The bare gaunt trees ulong thc path «tretch out their leafless branches like ghosts in agony. At thc head of thc procession march the pipers, and the weird "Lamont of the Macdonalds " or " Death Song of the Mac- gregors" come with piercing distinctness through clear air. Winding in and out among the hills the strange wild music floats and thrills the listener ns no music on earth could do. Herc thc music of thc bagpipes can bc heard in its perfection, and none who once bas heard such Btrains under such circumstawei would wonder at the love for it which Scotchmen express und feel. In it thc wild sad melody of thc Celtic race linds its fitting expression, the weird music that slumbers in the Gaelic tongue. I am. ftc.. CjMIfi ELLACIIIE. 