mm SECßET. CHAPTER IX-(Continuedl) 'f Don't let ns talk of myself. You hare been happy, I hope, Mr. Barclay?' she said, in her clear, fresh voice, the 'voice that I delighted to. lis ten to. ' " I suppose your mother was overjoyed to see you 1" . . "She thought nie groton," I an- swered, overpowered for an instant by the grim humor of the situation and the recollection of Louisa and my un- willing attentions. "She is fortunate - to have a good son," said Kathleen sadly. . "She is very fortunate."-: Thea a silence fell on both of us. My heart was too full to speak; words choked me. 1 was devoured by won- der and curiosity and pity. I was tormented with doubts and difficulties, and Kathleen herself moved as . in a dream beside me, so quiet, so absent, so coldly preoccupied. We walked like this all round the garden. Once or twiceX had. to stop and pull .aside, a straggling thorny brier which caught in her dress, and covered us both with glistening dew- drops. The dead leaves rustled sullenly beneath our feet as we parted and trampled upon them; it seemed to me as if we were two ghosts ourselves, ' wandering round, and round the beaten track of our allotted orbit, chilly and impassive, surrounded by tho images of death and decay. Always in this mysterious place I had a kind of sensation of a dual life. John Borclay, the prosaic man of busi- ness, was buried away, and a new John, phantom-like, quixotic and ardent, moved in his stead. Our .dull and aimless ! stroll con- tinued. I cbulcT almost hear Kathleen's . gentle breathing in the still damp air . as she walked 'meekly beside^ mei Suddenly I broke the silence. Stopping short, I stood in front of -her, where ? no quiver of her countenance could be concealed from me, and said : "Kathleen, you wül let me be "your friend; you will trust .me, whatever betide ? Do, my poor child ! " She lifted her eyes readily and con- fidingly to mine, and, giving me her hand, said: "Itrust you." I bent my head and raised her hand . - to my» lips, sealing the bargain with a kiss. Then, satisfied in my own mind, I spoke again mere freely, and braced myself for the meeting with hei -father. \- Myles was far more changed than his daughter. At first he appeared annoyed and alarmed at my sudden visit; presently, however, when bj , dint of indifferent talk and chat I, had proved to him that no sinister i riten, tâon lay at the bottom of it, he seemed . almost pleased. I was still mon puzzled, therefore, to account foi Kathleen's agitation at my coming and her anxious desire that her fathei should know nothing of it. -. However, I had drawn up a line oi conduct for myself, and determined t* be silent, and only watch and wait 'Myles was very feeble now. He sa nearly all day. in his chimney-corne smoking-the peat fire in thes< raw autumnal days was welcome an< cheerful enough even to me-and ! -noticed an increase in the nervou L trembling. of his hands. He hat _grown more monosyllabic, too, bu "Mashed" but 'occasionally with, oñé'-'o .-¿.his ': old? bursts of manger and jeàlou carping. Altogether, beyond the fae \- that he was certainly frailer, I saw n great cause for concern, nor any thin . to account for Kathleen's strange los of spirits. The evening drew on; supper wa served as usual. Nb preparations hat been made for me, and I did not ea peet them ;< but I fancied the food wa scantier" and of less good qaalifcj Directly we had eaten we returned t the study, and it was then I remarke a new" kind bf fidgetiness in Kathleei She moved about restlessly, and som« times peered out of the window £ \- though expecting someone. Suddenl she would take up her knitting an coil herself in the window-seat, as < 'old: then drop it as suddenly, am come nearer to where we sat by th fire. It was dark now, and there wa no moon; the little room was bu poorly lighted by the smoky, ok . fashioaedlamp,which threwstrange stu dows on the walls, and- dug deep, bl ac hollows under the old man's eyebrow: Involuntarily I compared the pair I ha "just left in the little Clapham house my mother in her pretty cap and bria * matronly activity, and Louisa with hf tiny waist and modern offhandedne! ol manner. I fear the comparison wt not flattering to the fashionable youn lady ; the present-: scene was far moi interesting and picturesque. I had begun to relate some of tl improvements and changes that ha struck me on my return to Londoi . commenting on the strides of ' civilis; rion, and praising the modern, care ft ' sanitary and other local matter Myles seemed to listen with conside \- abie interest, while ' Kathleen si apart, absent and inattentive, when low knock came to the door. Kathie« . sprang up, and tb the inquiring tui :ot hér father's; head replied, "It -Pat.» She opened the door quickly, and young'man entered. When he sa me he stopped doubtfully. "It's a friend, Pat/' said Kathi« unconcernedly ; "you can come in." The young man approached wii semething of the suspicious and u friendly air of the house c kt who viev a strange dog already established < the hearthrug. "It's a dark night," he remarke as though* expecting me to contradi him!. . "Sit down, Pat," said Myles, wi constrained heartiness. "Sit dov and have a drop. Ye look as dazed an owL" The comparison was not unhapr. for Pat's thick head and roui blinking eyes gave him a certa resemblance to the bird in qui tion. "Any new3, Pat?" asked Myl when the new visitor had light a pipe, and taken a draught tha glass of spirits and water besic him^" ' - ^ ' "None," / responded Pat, looki f artively round at me. V «Humph;! there's not -like to b said''Th< turning to me, he abruptly remarked : ."This, young man is just out of prison." % "Indeed," I said, trying to look as if it were the ordinary condition of my acquaintance. "Ye puzzled them all, didn't ye, Pat? They didn't get much out of you." Pat grinned. "And didn't they try just/' he said proudly. "Ah, thin, Pat, it's ye that are clever-a ralè fox, that's what he is." "What were you in prison for?' 1 asked, with respectful interest. "Faith, thin, for a murder," said Myles, puffing undauntedly. Pat nodded. «The Coolbye know." " Then you're Pat Havy V I said. "The same, sir." " I read about you." I said ; " the papers were full of your case !" " See there, now, Pat ! " observed Myles j " see there-there's glory for you." Pat smiled in a sheepish kind of way, and looked round, as if for con- firmation of the praise, towards Kathleen. But she sat motionless, apparently neither heeding nor caring what they said. "I wonder you can talk in that light way about murder," I said, some- what imprudently. " Murray was hated by everyone," said Myles gruffly, throwing me at the same time a keen glance of sus- picion; and Kathleen, roused by my remark, lifted her head, and put her finger on her hps, signing to me to be quiet. "You don't understand the Irish; Mr. Barclay," she said, in her-quiet "voice. " We are constant in our love, .but we are as tenacious in our hatred and ourrevenge." "Yes;" passionately .interrupted Myles; "lefno one wronguswittingly." We know how to revenge ourselves silently, secretly, and perfectly. Wt brood over our wrongs, Mr. Barclay, where you stand up and strike a man a blow in his face." ' "And is not that better?' I asked mildly. " When we strike, we strike home Dead men tell no tales." " Nor living men either," said Pat with a wink. " To .take human life is unpardon able under any circumstances," I con tinned'; "and I may say this f reel j before the man.. who was falsely accused, and has just left prison." "Falsely, yes; that was the law'i justice," said Myles, with a sneer " Bnt we make no such mistakes. Th< dead man was punished rightly; hi only received his due. We are savages you will say. Perhaps we are ; but w< have true instincts. We love on homes, and our family, and our oh traditions ; and we resent wrongs a 'men should, swiftly and surely. Bu for all that, we're a cheerful race ain't we, Kathleen 1-not alway: puling and pining. Pass the bottle my lass !" Seeing that the discussion was likel; to degenerate into a drunken bout, an« feeling the influence of Kathleen's pre sence, who sat there, I firmly believe simply as a kind of check upon he father, I retired a little into my come and observed Pat Havy more narrowly He was not a peasant, and yet h scarcely "looked like a, gentleman. Hi clothes were of a good quality, am nearly new, but hung upon bim rathe than fitted him with that indefinabl ease which good breeding seems t supply. His face was broad, commoi and ugly. He had sandy hair and snub nose,, and was certainly not tb kind of man likely to captivate aprett girl ; and yet for some inexpucabl reason 1 fancied there was a goo understanding between him and Kati leen. Was ic her fidgetiness, h< anxiety to open the door for him, h seeming desire for her approbation, c the familiar way in which he addresse her from time to time as Kathleen, < ail these things combined, that coi vinced me he was in some way coi nected with the secret of Baravoe, an regarded himself as Kathleen suitor ? But then Tim-who was he and what was his position ? The riddl became impenetrable than ever. Tl two men now ceased talking. Myh sat with his eyes fixed on the dyin embers,' while ' Pat turned towart Kathleen, and- watched her fly ir fingers busy with the knitting-needle I had withdrawn myself a little, an remained in the show. Presently Kathleen rose and folde her work. " It's getting late, father," she sai cheerfully ; " and Mr. Barclay must I tired." " Yes, yes ; go to bed, Mr. Barcia; I think I'll turn in too. I'm not : fond of Bitting up as I used to be said Myles, getting out of his cha slowly and cumbrously. I came forward to assist him, and ¡ I did so I noticed Pat, thinking hie self unobserved, touch Kathie« fingers, and' whisper something in hi ear. She nodded, and the ne: moment handed, me my bed-candle. "Come along, Mr. Barclay,1" sa: Myles, stumbling on to his feet, ai striving to clear his thick utterance " come along ; IH show you your wa Good-night, Pat. Glad to see y< whenever you like, you know. Aiwa; ready for a smoke." Pat murmured not over-amiab something which I could" not di tinguish, and my host dragged n away through the swing-door. It w some moments before I could get ri of him. At this period of the evenii he was usually confiding and affe tionate ; and when at last he left r I ran down again, meaning to say oi word to Kathleen before she retire The girl's pained unhappy stillness demeanor grieved and mystified me. pushed open the swing-door gent] and as I did so I heard voices. " P not gone yet," I thought; "I w wait. If he is there it would be i use trying for a quiet explanatic But why doss she keep him when h father is gone to bed 1 What stran behavior ! " Spite of myself, I could not he overhearing: some words of their cc .versation. Pat was speaking in a hi loud voice, and I caught my nan With the door in my hand half open stood motionless and uncertain. " Who is he-who is Mri Barclay Pat was saying. " Why does he come ! here prying and listening ? Why did you ask him? What business had you ? \ Then a woman's gentle voice seemed to be expostulating. "I don't care. I tell you I won't have it. " He shall go. Ñow, mind ; he must go to-morrow. Do you hear?/ Again a lull, and a murmur of low tones. " Hospitality ! the deuce take hos- pitality ! Who wants him-a cursed English spy ? Your father don't like him, I don't like him ; and, hang you, you shan't like him ! What ? Well, your're my property, aren't you 1 Fm master, ain't 1? Very well, then, I won't have any cur of a" lover slinking about here ! " There was a pause, and then I dis- tinctly heard the sound of crying. I could scarcely bear this. I longed to burst into the room and say, " Hear am I, the English cur ! fight it out if you üke." I felt for my pistol ; it was ic my breast pocket, safe and handy. Then I remembered that my rashness could not help Kathleen, and might only endanger her life and happiness. No, I must command myself. I crept a little nearer, letting the door fall back noiselessly. I had no scruples about listening now. Kathleen's security demanded it. The tears had ceased. Pat seemed to be stamping about the room. By straining my ears I distinguished the words Kathleen was speaking. " Do go now, dear Pat, please ; I'm tired." "Will you promise?" he said roughly. I could fancy him crushing her soft fingers in his hard fist. "I promise. Tv will obey you-I will do all you wish ; but go-" "Good-night, then;.and don't fail to obey." The steps grew fainter, the voices more distant, the house door opened shut, and Kathleen .returned to the study. Then through the few inches of wood that separated us I could hear her sob. Pushing my way in gently, I found her sitting in an attitude of the deepest dejection, her arms crossed on the table, her head bowed on her arms, and tears running through hei fingers. "Kathleen," I said, approaching and touching her softly. " Kathleen, my poor ehild, I am come to comfort you." I drew a chair near, sat down beside her, and took one of her hands in mine, stroking it tenderly. She did not answer, though the action seemed to soothe her. Presently she dried bei eyes and said : " How good you are to me ! " " Good, my child ?" I said, striving to keep myself from tears at tht sight of her poor tear-stained face «.good? I-" " You are a good friend," she said, looking at me gratefully. "My poor child, who is this wretcfc who dares to threaten you ? I heard what he said." "What did you hear? ' she askec quickly, pushing my hand away, whih her eyes dilated with tremulous fear. " I heard bim threaten you. I beare him use cruel language to you ; and ] heard you say you would obey." " Was that all ? " she inquired, seem ingly relieved. " And I know what he asked-tba' ./might be sent away. Do you meai to do this, Kathleen-to send awa] your friend?" " How can I help it 1 " she answered blushing and twisting her pocket handkerchief confusedly, in he fingers. "What power has this man ove you ?" I asked gravely, hoping that a last she would unburden herself of he secret. "Why need you fear him Shall I rid you of him ; he is un mannerly enough, heaven knows ? " " No, no ! " she cried passionately "No, no ; remember your oath " "I never swore to see you ill treated," I interrupted. "I will no stand by, as an Englishman, and lieu you insulted ; you cannot expec that," "Then you must go," she sail quietly. " I tell you you will rende me far more miserable, and my f*t harder to bear, if you try to intel fere." "Oh, Kathleen!" I said with ; groan, " you make me very unhappy. She st< le her hand into mine. " Du not be unhappy, dear friend, she said sweetly ; '* I am stronger thai you imagine. Do not watch me s narrowly ; do not think so much ainu me. I am not worthy," she addei gently. "I am sure you are worthy-worth of the very best-worthy of a You are the very woman, Kathieer with the sweetest attributes of womat I-" What was it seemed to check in as I spoke, to choke back the word that forced themselves to my lip -words of admiration, pity, lovi Yes, for here in this dingy study amidst surroundings fit to rouse loatl ing and disgust-, Kathleen's merit seemed to shine with even purer bri iiancy ; the child was so young, so fail so helpless. All the chivalry of m nature was roused as it had never bee in the case of any other well-nurturet carefully sheltered young lady. Bi Kathleen hersalf, absolutely devoid < all suspicion of coquetry, did not see to lead me on ; whenever my wore grew warmer, she seemed to frees into stiffness, and lay undue emphas on the word "friend." Friend-bi friends were warm and affectionate i their expressions, their greetings ; wh should we be so distant, so chill} Well, she knew best, no doubt ; au thus our talk grew more and more di jointed. " Am I to go to-morrow, Kathleen I asked, putting on an air of almoi stern defiance. "If you wi&h; it," she said falte ingly. " You know I do not wish it ; bi how about that man, that tyran whom you seem to trust more tha you do me ? What did you promü bim?' " I promised to ask you to go," si said, a smile breaking like- sunshir through her tears, 'fl never answer* for you ; if you choose to be disagre able, I suppose I cannot prevent it." I could not help laughing at tl feminine will which, even in so critical a case, could manage to evade the spirit while carrying out the letter of the law. I began to think Kathleen a better match for her master chan I had supposed. " He is noe coming here to-morrow," pursued Kathleen : . " if you like to stay he cannot molest you." "Why, Kathleen, do you think I am afraid!" I cried bravely; "it is for you I care, lest he should hurt one little hair of your dear head." " Hush i what was that ?" she said suddenly, starting and pressing closer to me in her fear-" that noise ? Is there some one listening ! hark ?" We both kept silence and strained our ears, but heard no sound except the wind moaning gently round the windows. " How nervous you are !" 1 said re- assuringly. There is nothing ; you should not have such fancies. What possible danger can you fear burglars ?" "No," she said, smiling feebly; " there is nothing to steal. But it is very late ; we must say good-night." " Good-night, dear," I said, with a yearning in my voice ; I longed to take her to my heart and comfort and keep her safe. " Good-night," she said gently ; " and thank you for all your goodness to me, dear friend." We separated : I went my way and she went hers, to the other side of the house ; but I could not rest in peace. I left roy door ajar lest anything should occur which necessitated ray presence j and was it a dream or a fancy ? but I could have sworn I heard soft foot- steps steal along the passage some two hours later, and someone noislessly turn the key in the room I had once seen Myles enter, The room where I had found that blood-stained handker- chief ! " Visions," I said to myself, i looking out and neither hearing nor ' seeing, anything ; " visions, ghosts, ?: phantoms born of phantoms born oi cerebral excitement ; am I myseli becoming a believer in absurd spiritual manifestations ? " (To be continued.) 