flH MErIRY REVELLERS. MECHANICS' HALL. Lyrich's " Merry Revellers" held their performance, as announced, at the Suabury Mechanics' Hall on SSaturday. night. The company, -which is promis. ing to be a good one, was fairly well patronised, taking all things:: into consideration,- and they purpose visiting here periodically --on Saturday evenings-should sufficient inducement be offered, The proposition seems favourable enough, and it ought to be very palatable to Sunbury play-goers to be provided with an amusing entertain ment every alternate Saturday or so. On Saturday night a varied and attractive programme was presented. Messrs Levoy and Lillingston were the pianists, and played amongst other selections "The Marche Hongroise." They also accompanied the various vocalists. Mr Freeman contribute; everr i--songs, suclih-as- -After the-ball," " What, are the wild waves saying,' " Oh, the- sea," and " The barmaid,' His selections ,vere well rendered, and the encores from the audience, after the rendition of each number, were vociferous. "After the ball" took on particularly -well, Mr Gay (Negro Comedian) sang a comic song entitled,' " His Nibs," and afterwards gave a' stump speech called " Maldoon on Politics.". M Ir Gatland gave his drawing-room entertainment, introducing ventriloquism, mimicry, etc. He also sang "f'ho Ghost," and gave a clever imitation of making an "American cocktail." Altog"ther nMr Gatling proved most entertaining and he must be congratulated for the success which attended his efforts. Mr Lillingston sang " The Garonne" in capital style. He was followed by Charles Stanton who sang " Oh them Golden Kippers." Mr Lynch recited "Barney McDenis' account of the coronatin," and Lindsay Gordon's " How he beat the favouri'e." He also gave a German impersonation, introducing " Leedle Yawcob Stranns." Mr Lyn:h won applause for his contri butions and he was encored. At the conclusion of the. entertain ment the hall was cleared for Idantcing, which was kept up with enthusiasm until 12 o'clock. Mr \V. Hanrahan supplied the dance music on the violin. It should not be at all surpri=ing to see a bumper house greet Mr Lynch and his well-conducted comp:any on their return to Sunbury. 