Picturesque Desolation BV ". WLRRILDAG." Written expressly for the Port I'irie tStandAird. [ALL KlGHTB RESERVED.] CHAWSK 1111. "Well, if Fred doesn't mind, who else- need, but nliat is he kicking up all the fnKH for' asked Tom. Ho ' went out of this honse and straight ! down to the train like one demented ! yesterday."' I " Now Tom, T shall "be Very busy! to-day, and I WAut you tot.elp me nil j you cauJ" ' " Yes, mother mine," passing around to the' hack of hie niotliei s chair^ dmwin£ back her he-d and kissing her. " Yon are looking worried,,iv ;hat is the matter?" Mrs McCabe could : scarcely restrain her tears. She mnruiured "that she was well, but busy," and hurried awjiy to her room where she •wept the first bitterest teats of her lif«. CILAZ'TLH V. ALICE MAKRS A NEW FRIEND. Doutor Melrose had Called a n^ek after llie. ".ball, and wan told that Nora lyias " not. at home." He f«lt disappointed and only half satisfied. He was very busy just now so he had not •notlier opportunity of making a second call until alter Nora W£IR gone. • He had met the Misses McCabe at n nocial, and was tremly taken with Nora'* pretty face and graceful manner. His fancy was recipi'ociited, lut'to do Noia jns.icLabe strove haid to pul away this f. cling, knowing 1 Well how it' won Id end. He was more than snrpri*ed ripon his second visit - to hear that Nora was gone, and that she was not in good health.'. Alice thought it advifiable to acquaint the doctor of'Noras engagement, but the next moment felt real (sorry for having done BO, when PHE saw the blank exj r-esRion that came, into hiB face she thought iflha would remedy the • matter hy telling him a secret, viz: that" they had qnarrelted. "Fred somehow, said Nora a day or two 'later to Dr Melrose, ban -ffended her terribly, and, perhapH I ftm not quite correct in statirg that they are now engaged." " The- -doctor stniled faintly. A lover's quarrel 'was nothing new;' that w*s>easily msde upi and.he f^lt Bad at'heart. He felt sure that Nora had seemed to like him: " Has die been engaged long," lie asked. " Nearly two years.". " Indeed, 1 may I cull occasionally to hear news of the travellei-s he afked.^ * " Certainly Doctor Melrose, -we Bhall always be pleased to see you.'' " Thanks," <he said, and taking her hand in his he deliberately looked at. the fourth finger. M No engagement ring here I. see," he raid. Alice blushed scarlet. " It has not come to that with me," she laughed. " But its coming*' answered Tom, poking his iiead in at the door. The doctor took his leave." " Great Scott, sis, w&b; he making love to you too." "Silly boy, no. I had just acquainted him of Nora's engagement and I never saw anyone so thoroughly taken back." • • " He"Vl get over that. I am glad you told him ; it \yi}l grot, a ptop t» Nora making a fool of 'herself when •lie returns, for between us'I think ehe likes the doctor." "So do I, and whrit's more he-likes her, but I suppose she in in honor bound to jFlred. Wondfcr cau {fe be •waiting for Nora's money, that be keeps the "/engagement hanging pn" «6 ; long ?"i r ~> ; ' . ^ i ' " Not he; some people keep on an engagement for years." v Ye*, I know, '5»ut-thit is becanWe they cannot manage the cash generally." • ' " Perhaps BO," answered Tom. Several weeks .' "passed by, Mrs McCabe atidi' hea-: daughter spent sometime in Melbonrae and in Sydney^' and their last letter Tstated that thfey were intending : Spending several weekaita Tasmania. Most peopile took it for granted that Noia's "enga^renient was broken off for good, saying " they were >not a bit surprised." Gossips had it, how ever, that sfie ga»eiiim Tip for Doctor M*lroRe; others said ;;that Fied had given her up for a lady living at Sydney. Fred called at the Ferns and got Noia's address. He wrote, but she never answered hia letters, so time slipped away. Tom returned home : ingreat hurry one day from the city. " I say ais, Percy. Catch love and one or two of my friends are coming here tonight! See that the rooms are got, ready." "What! Percy,here again ? How the time does fly! But Tom you know tihat' mamma does not like thoBe meetings'beVe."" " "I Would not Ask them if the mater was home ; bnt what the eye don't. *ee the heart don't grieve, you 8«e." One young, man who came down WHS qnite ' a ftoviee, so" they •were explaining before they begar. j " I can't sfefe" hie said, " how any person can do a thing and yftknow, nothing about it, nnless' of "course, it is an act of absent'niiridedness ; even thcu he' knows v?hat he is doing - , although hie may not mean to do it." "Now, I should j)Ut. it the other Way about," s;iid Tmn. And here's HI) instance, it happened just a night or two agi, I woke up in lhe net nf catching a flea on the hack of iny neck- Now, altiiovgii I did not know it. I must ha'Vc l( It tliat tiea bile, ami I meant, vithor.l- knowing' it, to catch it, and T cKd catch it. I was pre-sing It ng-:ijn t my neck when 1 a wok". T not. coiiscivnee of th»* Vii<e HI.!- did I kn;:'.v that- I II;KI i-iised inv !i;ind. Ail ibv : rune l did it. So ivny should not peison under spirit influence wri(e or speak without l»eing outwardly conscions of v< hat they do. And hei-e is another tiling", we 3CC sniok« rising ir-oni a file, and vapour lising fiorn a rubbisli heap. Then why can't we see a spirit rise ft om a dead bod> ? :I Oh, eome now," said Percy; "yon Tom. are getting out of your depth a ' "iWell, I wijl correct nijself, and say—see a cloud or \apour rise from a body." "put no one hus ever seen such a thing," said the novice. " No. because they never looked. You put a man or woman into a dark rnom w ith a corpse for an hour or two, and then ask llicni if ihej* have not seen any thing." "If they did, 'it would be simphimHgination. r " I don't know ab mt that." "Well, 1 have nut gone into that sort of thing,'' said Percy ; " hul if siich a thing were possible, I think it would take time to bring such a change about." «' Not at all, the? Fpirit leaves the body at. the moment death faKes place, and , I believe if the room was dark and yuu watched for it. you would seethe spirit U-a\e the hi.ilv, but we look upon death as such an awful thing, that I don't suppose anyone won d have the coui- age to try the experiment. People talk oi seeing ghosts. What is a g!:0.-.( hut an appuration ? and what is an apparation but n spirit? Very well, why not see it one time as another?"' " Snch a thing might be possible," observed Percy thoughtfally, " hut I think that different • changes take place at nt:ited intervals, aiijia dix?;un I had a week or two ago, coincides with my views. I dreamt that I was dead ; 1 had been dead a week w hen I became consi- ious of my suiioundings, and the first thing I renieiiiber was standing in a d-orway looking about rae. Behind nie was -x dark room (niy impit^ss-on at the time that I had been in this dark room a week) befoie me w:is a large well lit room, willi a number of glass doorSj, but Icouldr.ot see what was doing through those dooi-s, though people kept, passing in and out very swiftly, but noiselessly, seemingly very busy about Komeihing. The flocj" of this large room or hall was cmei-ed w"th small bars about the width of a pen handle and an inch apart. What the barswcie made of I can't Say, bntthey had the look of silver. Every thing that niy eye rested npon was bright, white, and clean, with the exception of the ro.mi behind me, .-.nd that was as black as night. I was dressed in a long while robe, my impression is that, I also wore Korks. As I stood looking around nic an^l wondering what I should do with rcysrlf, two men came through one of the glass doois, carrying k iarge bundle, and deposited it in tin middle of the room or hall, jriRt oppnsite me. (The men seemed to be diessed in white tights.) They went through the door they came. I began to worder what was in this bundle and crossed the floor to see. The sensation of walking across the burs fras rather peculiar. I pnlled aside the corner of the rug and to my surprise, I saw yon Tom. I "said good gracious, Tom, you here ? You jnmped to yiur feet and said Yes I am hei-e, and Alice too ; have yon seen her, I said, What, )on and Alice both here since I saw yon a week ago. Oh ! how lonely yonr mother will feel without you, but without, answering, you disappeared throngh one of the doors leaving the rug nri the floor, stood wondering what yon died from and . was thiuking of yonr fcnother, when N<na touched nie on the shoulder Baying Come Percy nnick, or yon will be late. I said, "Hallo Nora, you dead too P. she., said No I'm not dead, I only caine to see that you all^got ready,..Torn will he going with you, but Alice I won't, be ready for this trip, and as she spoke I noticed a lot of people dressed as iye see them here, mostly wompn, hurrying in and out of these doors, but without the' slightest sound (they were all alive), that is, they were .people that were still .still living on the earth, but were there for the present ji'st to help ns. Nora hurried me through one of the glass doors, bnt what process I went ntider I can t remember, nor how long I was there, but I could rot have been many moments before I was .iut again into the large hall. Nora led me across the floor to the door and said , Look there is yonr place, then disappeared. I looked before me atad saw a large concern on wheels, something the shape of a coach or drag, with seats placed .one above the other like steps. There were four or five rows, and filled with spirits all looking so tr-ansparent, beautiful, and happy in their shadowy robes Theie was only one vac-ant seat and that was mine, and as I advanced I'rar my eves along the lines of faces looking for yon Tom, bnt although I could not see you, I felt that you wete there. Two or three spirits held out their hands to help me up c into TIIv se.-it,"and as T took my place I noticed the front part of the coach tilled with live people, aud Noia R a ON» t'.iein. I felt so pleased at seeing her there and she looked round at me and smiled. Nora tixed a i-loak about herself, then said "'We ai^ all re:uly." The driver whipped up a long line of horses and away we went aloiig a tearfully rutty road. After a loug drive the coach stop|»ed. ami although we were not told to j^el we all seemed to know that we had lo, and presently I found myself walking about among a lot of high racks. The place seemed damp and it. appealed as 1 hough it was going l«j rain. I hoiked about for shelter bnt. tliere was none. The other spirits v.ere moving about, bat liist. one and then another seemed to bi disappearing. A lady was .standing n&ir; lue, a Countess, ilow I knew she Was a (-Oiuitt'-ss I can't tell, but 1 knew it. I said to her , I wond. r if we are lo be left here all night, we shall catch our deith of cold ?' She laughed and said, It won't matter to you whether its cold or not. vnu have only to die once. Then she tlisappeaifjl, soon after I vanished myself, but what- became of me 1 cant toil. So ends my dream—and one or two I have told it to think it.- more like a vision than a dream Anyway I can't forget it.'* (7'h be Cominwd.) 