PAR-LIE-MENTARY. THEKIS is evidently a chance for some membeis who desire to acquire a reputation for smartness to score brilliantly liy following the Shield example. Kor instance, there is Sir. Armytage. He is constantly striving to say something clever, and only succeeds iu being elaborately dull. But. let him carefully rehearse and try on the House something like this: Mr. Armytage.—The Premier lies on—(great uproar and cries of " Chair," " Withdraw.")—I say, sir, that Die Premier lies on—(renewed uproar and cries-, of "Chuck 'ini out," "Jump on iiis chest," and " Tell bis grandfather's ghost-.")—I repeat, sir, that the Premier lies on a (immense disturbance, and a scene of delirious excitement). The Premier.—If the honourable and learned member will come outside I will show bim whether I aui a liar ! The Chairman.—Order. The lion, member must not impute untruth to the Premier. Mr. Armytage.—I was merely going to say, Sir. Mason, that the Premier lies—(renewed disturbance)—on abed—("Oh," and indignant cries of " Shame !")—which has been made uncomfortable for hiui by past extravagance. I meant, sir, simply to adopt the old saying that "as :) man makes bis bed, so must he lie upon it." (" Oh,"' and "laughter.") If Mr. Armytage could do something like that he would be a celebrity right away. THEKE has been, as Dick Phenyl says of "our aunt," in " Sweet Lavender," '* an air of truculent triumph " about the Premier's style in Parliament lately. It is this that has angered Shiels and provoked the cutting satire of Deakin. Patterson feels that the House must follow him. Like the " Frog who would a wooing go, Whether his mother were willing or no," the head o£ the Ministry will go on with his Income Tax whether the House like it or otherwise. He " has'em by the wool." But let Mr. Patterson remember the fate of that frog. ]!.• had a high old time of it for a while. He defied his mother and put his forepaw to his nose at her. But atter a bit " a little fat duck came ami gobbled him up." The Premier is alienating !i!- mother, i.e., the majority of the House, who gave him birtli as a Premier. Let liim be careful of the little fat duck in the front Opposition Bench. IT is a pity Shiels dons not learn to refine Iiis speeches. He scarcely ever delivers an addri'.-? anywhere without spoiling it by some coarw expression or piece of offensive personal abu^c. That kind of thing should bo lefl to the guttersnipes of politics, not to the leaders. ShicK' besetting sin is his eiiger straining after effect. " Anything to score a point, no matter how." seems to be his rule of life. When he rises it ii witli the air of blustering lleuben in Gilbert's comedy of "Dan'l Druce" : "When 1 quarrel !'•! sextons lay in trolling grease and grave-diggers strip to their work !" His best points always seem over-elaborated. They never trip lightly ijf the tongue, like Mr. Deakin's. It was said of l)r. Johnson that when his pistol missed fire he knocked down his opponent with the butt end. Similarly-, when Shiels can't make effects by fuir argument be flings forth abusive phrases ab"Hl the persona] characteristics or occupations of Iiis opponents. To vary a famous French savinu:, ' : Ce it'est tfi ni'iguifiqucin gwrre .'" Points made by evidently laboured effort, quotations dragged in by the ears and phrases not so much smart ;ts gaudy, do not constitute fine oratory, but only ;i better kind of debating society claptrap. THERE are now three portraits in Queen's Hull-- one of Speaker Bent, clad, like Solomon, iu all Ins glory, in full dress robes and full-bottomed «itr .- one of Mr. Speaker Lalor, looking stately ami in every way worthy of bis office, and oue of I'I-HIIUC-I 1 Patterson. It would be a good thing to place iii'iro portraits of politicians in Queen's Hall. It would look much finerso adorned. There are verygn «l paintings of Gillies and Service in the Public Library, poked away among a lot of stupid amateurish things in the corridor at the back af the principal gallery. Why should not they In; put in Queen's Hall ? Tliev could then be svi-u and admired—for what they are worth. THF. speeches of Gillies are more remarkable for dry common sense than for their liter.iry qualities. He takes no care to smarten up phrases and to polieli •witticisms. And yef iw manages to let fall sayings, not remarkable in themselves, but neat in the way they are put, that stick to the memory. That old saying of iiis, used to apply to a weak argument—" it's tin thin"—has passed into common use. It crops up in the newspapers, and is used in the Ib-uso every week. Another simple little saying, hut effective from the way in which it was put, was used by him ou Tuesday. " No one desires to turn out the Government," lie " and I will tell you why—it isn't enough .'" That's it. There is in reality no fin-li thing in the House as true loyalty to the Government, for loyalty is based upon affcciioii. and the majority of the House is not fond «> the Government. Hut "it isn't good enough " to turn them out! Nobody envies tbo Government, because the work they have to do " isn't gojJ enough." TRENWITH slid that lie had never heard (Jillirf speak wilh more hesitation; but if that is so itwas certainly not because Duncan did not fit' strongly. He was evidently trying to hold !iii«" self in reserve—to keep the curb tight an ! not let himself "go" too forcibly against the Government. But whenever he had an opportunity of hitting out by way of retort and reparlc, he showed no hesitation or soft- pawed pattiuL', h" 1 slogged back heavily. Thus, when he was ppenting of the non-success of Berry's taxntw" proposals and prophesying the failure of Outer 1 !' effort, Sir Graham interrupted him with It" query, "Isn't that better than making no effort at all ?" " It isn't a matter of making no effort at all," retorted Sillies, sharply j "it is a watt* of making an effort in the wrong direction. Berry sank back upon his seat and had n° rejoinder to make to that. 