\- £ ; L ° ? ,AJ ? i. IIS HI MAD?. (By Viotou H.) CHAI'TlSll I. Tlio rt'suH of theso reflections was that I got into lied and foil asleep, dreaming of my mother and Bister and Myddlewyckc Park— a curious medley of walking thoughts jumbled up in strange confusion, and how we wnrc all pla-ying howls together, wliec my bowl stuck fast between two large stones. I pulled away the stones and opened a family vault 1 The whole scene changed suddenly and became .1....1- T wnr- ci*nnrrnr!r»fr iiitn tl'P. Vfllllfc. t.TV ing with my hands to feel and count the coffins, when a dim light appeared and slowly creeping towards me out of the depths I distinctly saw— Mr. Brunt. His f nee. was deadly pale, his light grey eyes fixed upon me with a cold, glassy stare. My flcBh began to creep with horror. I shivered, made a desperate effort to get away, and in doing so awoke ! But was I in reality awake, or was I still dreaming ? A dim light was in my room, a figure like Mr. Brunt's holding it, and gliding noiselessly through the open door. The door closed gently, and all became dark and silent. I sat iip in bed, my heart beating and my head burning. . Was I awake or asleep ? Was | it all some horrid nightmare, or was 1 actually falling ill ? My nerves had certainly been over-strained of late, though Dr. Wilson would have smiled had I confessed such a weakness to him. But here was the proof ; 1 was becoming a prey to morbid fancieff, and' needed rest. I ought to have gone to my mother's. I got up, struck a light, and walked up and down the room — bathed my face in cold water,,f elt refreshed, convinced it was noth ing1 but a' bad dream, and after petting into bed. extinguished the light and fell asleep. ?;?;,..; CHAPTER TV. -' Next morning bright sunshine streamed iu through an old-fashioned window, the thick mullions of which formed shadowy crosses on the blinds. I got up, threw open the window, gazing with real pleasure on the attractive scene before me. The doctor's garden below was divided by a sunk fence from a field, in which was a / large pool, and beyond the pool, Myddle wyckePark. I could just get a glimpse of grey turrets and walls between the trees some two' miles off, which ' corresponded in style with the picture over my mantelpiece that had so strangely troubled my dreams the preceding night. Yes, there could be no doubt of it, that was Myddlewcyke farm. The rich autumnal tints and great variety of foliage added much to the beauty of the scene before/rue, as compared with the dark, :; heavy -looking representation of' the same locality, though from a different point of view, which ? hung over the fireplace. And the 'possibility' of being permitted to fish in the pool occasionally waa refreshing to one who, like myself, hungered for fresh air and ? rest. ??.'?'?''?'.. Later on I was relieved to find that Mr. Brunt did, not breakfast with, the doctor, ; add jwhen'. we found ourselves discussing '„ thatmealin the pretty, low-ceiled, panelled ? dining-room, 1 ventured to remark : ' Your assiatant does not have his meals with you, 1 suppose V Again the same look looked passed over the doctor's face which 1 fancied I had ob served the preceding evening, and this itime I felt assured it was not my fancy. I had too often observed that expression when fingering lightly some tender place in a patient's wound. 'No, certainly not,' said Mr. Dolby ; ' he lives in lodgings a few doors off.' ' Really ? How very curious ! Pray don't laugh, Mr. Dolby, but I was going to accuse him of being a somnambulist, and of ? having taken his midnight ramble through my bedroom last night ; but I suppose, after all', it was only a dream of mine.' Down dropped the doctor's knife and fork, and he gazed iu unfeigned astonishment up into my face. ' Bless the fellow !' he exclaimed ; ' is he going mad, too / And yet he does not look like it. : What in the name of wonder iput ?' such an idea into your hoad ? Mr. Brunt in. your bedroom last night ? What do you mean!' Seeing the great impression my words had made on the lively little doctor, ' my own unpleasant sensations melted away before his evident alarm ; the greater absorbed the less, and I really enjoyed nar rating my dream circumstantially to him. dwelling especially and minutely upon the part of it which referred to Mr. Brunt. No child could have displayed more in terest in a ghost story than did Mr. Dolby in my dream i and when I had finished he ex claimed, .' A' dream — nothing but a dream, of course ! and yet that fellow — Brunt, I mean ? he glides in and out of the house like a ghost, and ? ' u The doctor suddenly made' use of a very strong oppression, in a loud, clear voice, which I will not repent. There could be no mistake about it on my part, this time ; and here let me crave your indulgence for my good friend, Mr. Dolby. He wasa bachelor, and not used to thesof ten ing, refining influence of the fairer sex. 'Of course,' he went on, ?' he has the run of my surgery, and, it seems, of the whole house, too, at least, the downstairs portion of it. I find him here, there, everywhere where 1 least expect to imd him ; but not upstairs ; no, my dear fellow, not upstairs. Lot us draw the line somewhere. It must havu been a dream — nothing but a dream.' And, as he repeated these words, with al most more decision and vehemence than seemed . necessary to reassure me, the door opened softly, and Mr. Brunt entered, smiling. 'A dream, only a dream, nothing but a dream ; and pray who is the dreamer ?' He looked at me, smiling sweetly as he spoke, and 1 looked at him,- standing there with the bright sunshine streaming through tho window upon him. There was nothing ghostly or repulsive in his face just then as it had appeared to me in my dream. A delicate color suffused his cheeks, anil the idea crossed my mind, what a pretty woman ho would hove made. Before 1 could reply Mr. Dolby interposed abruptly : ' Dreams are dreams, and nothing more ; representations made by a portion of the faculties, which are not fully asleep of things which do not really happen.' ?' True,' replied Mr. Brunt, ' and yet these phantasms of nice}) make Weak men 'eat tneir meat in fear, and sleep in the affliction of 'those horrible dreams which shake them nightly ' ' or, as Dryden says, that— 'When the vision vanished from hissight, Tho dreamer wakened in a mortal fright.' But, seriously, Mr. Dolby, I trust your dreams have not disturbed your rest .' ' '? Oh, no,' I answered quickly ; ' it was I who was troubled with bad dreams last night.' Here Mr. Dolby interrupted mo by in quiring what 'brought Mr. liruut into the room at'breiikfiist-timc. ' A case,' said JLr. liruut ; ' the miller's child at Slmeklutou has another attack of croup, and as ] was just going the round of the town patients, I thought you would prefer going to Shackletou yourself.' 'What!' exclaimed Mr. Dolby, 'an attack of croup, and wasting all this time in idle gossip' Go and get my dog-cart at once, there is no time to lose, not a moment. It is the third attack within twelve months ! Never was such abominable carelessness ; but the child is strong, ho should get over it. You must go there whilst I look after the town patients.' (To b$ Coniiniwefc) ; ;; , ; 