THE SORCERESS. By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of ' The Son of his Father,' ' The Chronicles of Carlingford,' 'The Rose in June,' 'The Greatest Heiress in England,' ' Whiteladies,' 'Within the Precincts,' 'It was a Lovt* and bis Lass,' ' Adam Graeme,' &&, &o.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] _ Chapter LL Those who were left behind were not very careful of what Colonel Kings ward did. They were not thinking of his concerns — in the strain of personal feeling tbe most generous of human creatures is forced to think first of their own. Neither of the women who were left in the room had any time to consider the matter, but if they had they would have made Bilre without hesitation that nothing whioh could happen to Colonel Kingsward could be half so important as that crisis in which his daughter was involved. Mrs. Leigh turned iround upon the girl by her aide and .seized her hands. 'Bee,' she cried, 'now ^we are alone and weoan speak freely. Tell me what it was ? there is nobody here to frighten, you, to take the words from yonr month. What was it, vhat was it ?— that made you tarn from Aubrey? At last, at last it can be cleared up, whatever it was.' Bee turned away, tryng to disengage her hands. 'It is of no consequence,' she said. 'Oh, don't make me go back to those old, old things. What does it matter to Mr. Leigh? and as for me ? ' ' It matters everything to Aubrey. He will be Fable to clear himself if you will give him the chance. How could he dear himself when he was never allowed to speak, when he did not know? Bee, in justice, in mere justice! What wa3 it ? You said your mother ? ' 'Yes, I had her then. We heard it to gether and she felt like me. But we had no time to talk of it after for she was ill. If you would please not ask me, Mrs. Leigh I I was very miserable — mother dying, and nowhere, nowhere in all the world anything to trust to. Don't, oh, don't make me go tack upon it ! I am not— so very — happy, even now.' The girl would not let herself be drawn into Mrs. Leigh's arms. She refused to rest her head upon the warm and ample bosom whioh was offered to her. She drew away her hands. It was difficult, very difficult, to keep from orying. It is always hard for. .a girl to keep from orying when her being is so moved. The only chance for her was to keep apart from all oontact, to stand by herself and persuade her self that nobody cared and that she was alone in the world. ' Bee, I believe,' said Mrs. Leigh solemnly, 'that you have but to speak a word and you will be happy. You have not your mother now. You can't turn to her and ask her what you should do. But I am sure that she would say, epeak ! If she were here she' would not let you break a man's heart and spoil his life for a punctilio. I have always heard she was a good woman and kind — kind. 'Bee,' the elder lady laid her hand suddenly on the girl's shoulder, making her start, ' she .would say ? speak1 if she were here.'. 'Oh, mamma, if yoa were here !' said Bee, through her tears. She broke down altogether and became in artioulate, sobbing with her face buried in her hands. The ordeal of the last two days had been severe. Charlie and his concerns and the appearance of Miss Lance, and the conflict only half understood which had been going on round her had excited and- disturbed her be yond expression, as. everybody could see and understand. But, indeed, these were but secondary elements in the storm which had overwhelmed Bee, whioh was chiefly brought baok by that sudden plunge into the atmos phere of Aubrey. The sensation of being in ' Eds house, which she might in other circum stances have shared with him, of sitting- at his table, in his seat, under the roof that habitu ally sheltered ' him— here where her own life ought to have been passed, but where the first condition now was that there should be nothing of him visible. In Aubrey's house, but not for Aubrey. Aubrey banished, lest perhaps her eyes might fall on him by chance or her ears be offended by the sound of his voice ! Even his mother did not understand how much this had to do with the passion and the trouble of the girl, from whose eyes the innocent name of her mother, sweetest though saddest of memo ries, had let forth the salt and boiling tears. If Mrs. Leigh had been anybody in the world save Aubrey's mother Bee would have clung to her, accepting the tender support and con BOlation of the elder woman's arms and her sympathy; but from Aubrey's mother she felt herself compelled to keep apart. It was not until her almost convulsive sob bing was over that this question could be re opened, and in the meantime Betty having heard the sound of the closing door came rush ing downstairs and burst into the room ; per haps she was not so much disturbed or excited as Mrs. Leigh was by Bee's condition ; she gave her sister a kiss as she lay on the sofa where Mrs. Leigh had placed her and patted her on the shoulder. 'She will be better when she has had it out,' eaid Betty. ' ' She has worked herself up into Buch a state about Miss Lance : and oh ! please tell me what has happened. You are her enemy too, Mrs. Leigh— oh, how can you mis judge her so, ss if she had been the cause of any harm. I was sent away,' said Betty, 'and of course Bee would not speak — but I could have told you. Yes, of course, I knew, how could I help knowing, being her sister? I can't tell whether she told me ; I knew without telling, and of course she must have told me ? . This is how it was ? ' Bee put forth her hand and caught her faster by her dress — but Betty was not so easily stopped. She turned round quickly and took the detaining hand into her own and patted and caressed.it. ' It is far better to speak out,' she said, 'it must be told now, and though I am young and you call me little Betty I cannot help hearing, can I, what people say ? Mre. Leigh, this was how it was. Whatever happened about dear \- Miss Lance — whom I shall stick to and 'believe in whatever you say,' cried Batty, by way of an interlude, with flashing eyes, 'that had nothing, nothing to do with it). That was a story like Charlie's! enppose.and Bee no more made a fuss about it than I should do. It was after, when Bee was standing by Aubrey, like — like Joan of Arc; yes, of course I shall call him Aubrey — I should like to have him for a brother ; but that has got nothing to do with it. A lady came to call upon mamma ; and she told a story about some one on the railway who had met Aubrey on the way homo after that soene at Cologne, after he was engaged to Bee, and miserable because of papa's opposition.' Betty spoke so fast that her words tumbled over each other, so to » speak, in the ruBh for utteranoe. ' Well, he was Been,' she resumed, pausing for breath, 'putting a yonng woman with children into one of the sleeping carriages — a poor young woman that had no money or right to be there. He put her in, and when they got to London he was seen talking to hft and giving her money as if she belonged to him. I don't see any harm in that, for he was always kind to poor people. But these ladies did— and I suppose so did mamma — and Bee blazed up. That is just like her. She takes fire— she never waits to ask questions— she stops her ears. She thought it was something dreadful, showing that he had never cared for her — that he had oared for other people even when he was pretending — I should have done quite different. I should have said, 'Now, look here, Aubrey, what does it mean f — or, rather, I should never have thought anything but that he was kind. He was always kind — eilly, indeed, about poor people, as so many are.' Mra. Leigh bad followed Betty's rapid narra tive with as much attention as she could eon oentrate upon it, but the speed with which the words flew forth, the little Interruptions, the expressions of Betty's matured and wise opinions, bewildered her beyond measure. ' What does it all mean?' Bhe asked, looking from one to another when the story was done. ? ' A sleeping carriage on the railway— a woman with children — as if she belonged to him? How conld a woman with children belong to him?' Then she paused and grew crimson with an old woman's painful blush. 'la it vice, horrible vulgar vice, this child ie attribut ing to my boy?' The two girls stared confused and troubled. Bee got up from the sofa and put her hands to her head, her eyes fixed upon Mrs. Leigh with an appalled and horrified, look. She had not asicea nerseirot wnat AUDrey liad been accused. She had fled from before the dreadful thought of relationships she did not understand, of something which was the last insult to her, whatever it might be in itself. Vulgar vice ! The girls were cowed as if some guilt had been imputed to themselves. ' You are not like anything I have known, you girls of tbe period !' cried the angry mother. ' You are9 acquainted with such things as I at my age had never heard of— you make accusations ! ? Bnt now ? He shall answer for himself,' she said, flaming with righteous wrath. Mra. Leigh went to the bell and rang it so violently that the sound eohoed all over tbe house. 'Go and ask your master to come here at once, directly ; I want him this moment,' she said, stamping her foot in her impatience. And then there was a pause. The man went ofi and was seen from the window to cross the street on hiR errand. Then Bee rose, her tears hastily dried up, pushing back from her fore head her disordered hair. . - ' I had better go. If you have sent for Mr. Leigh it will be better that I should go.' Mrs. Leigh was almost incapable of speech. She took Bee by the shoulders and put her back almost violently on the sofa. 'You shall stay there,' she said in a choked and angry voice. What a horrible pause it was ! The girls were silent, looking at each other with wild alarm. Betty whjbad blurted out.tbe story, but to: whom tbe idea of repeating ^t before -Aubrey - — fefcfoie a Ecaa ! wafl ttHspeakable boner, made a step towards the door. Thensaid she, 'No, I will not run away' with tremendous courage, I' It is not onr fault,' she added after a pause. * Bee. if I have to say it again give me your hand.' 'It is T who ought to say it,' said Bee, pale with the horror of what was to come. Vulgar vice ! And she- to -accuse him and to stand up before the world and say that was why ! It seemed a long time, but it was really only a few minutes before Aubrey appeared. He came in quickly, breathless with baste and sus pense. Heexpeoted from whathismother had told him to find Miss Lance and Colonel Kingsward there. He came into the agitated room and found, of all people in the world, Bee and Betty, terrified— and his mother walking about the room sounding as it were a metaphorical lash about their ears in the frank passion of an elder woman who has the most just cause of offence and no reason to bate her breath. There was something humorous in - the tragic situation, bnt .to them it was wholly tragic, and Aubrey seeing for the first time after so long an interval the girl he loved and seeing her in euqh strange circumstances was by no means disposed to see any humorous side. ' Here, Aubrey,' said his mother. ' I have oalled upon you to hear what you are accused of. You thought it was Laura Lance, -but she has nothing to do with it. You AreAocnsed of travelling from Germany— that time when you were sent off from Cologne— the time those Kingswards turned upon you ? ' (The girls started both, and recovered themselves a little at the shock of this contemptuous descrip tion) 'travelling ir* sleeping oarrlagesand I know not what with a woman and children — who were believed to belong to you I What have you to say?' ' That was not what I said, Mrs. Leigh.' 'What have you to say?' cried Mre. Leigh, waving her hand tosilenoe Betty, 'tha accused has surely the right to speak first.' 'What have I to say? But to what, mother ? What is it ?— was I travelling with a woman and children? I suppose I was travelling— with all the women and chil dren that were in the same train. But other wise of course you know I was with nobody. What does it mean V Bee got up from the sofa like a ghost, her blue eyes wild, her face pale. ' Oh, let us go, let us go! Do not torment us,' she said. 'I will acknowledge that it was not true. Now that I see him I am sure it was not true. I was mad. I was so stung to think— — . Mrs. Leigh, do not kill me ! I did him no harm ; do not, db not go over it any more !' 'Go over what?' cried Aubrey. 'Bee! She can't stand, she doesn't see where she is' going. Mother, what on earth does it matter what was against me if it is all over ? Mother, how dare you torture my poor girl— r-?'' This was naturally all the thanks Mis. Leigh got for her efforts to unravel the mystery, which the reader knows was the moBt innocent mystery, and which has never been cleared up or thought of sinoe that day. It came dear of itself the' moment that Aubrey, only to support her, took Bee into his arms. Chaptee LII. The Sorceress walked very slowly down the street. Shebadthe sensation of having fallen from a great height after the excitement of having fought bravely to keep her place there, and of having anticipated every step of a combat still more severe which yet had not come to pass after her previsions. It had been a fight lasting for hoars from the moment Betty all unconscious had told her of the house in which Charlie was. That was in the morning, 'and now it was late afternoon, and tbe work of the day, the common work of the day in which all the inno cent common people about had been employed, was rounding towards its end. It seemed to her a long, long time that she had been in volved first in imagination in severe thought and then in actual confliot— in this struggle, fighting for her life. From the beginning she had made up her mind that fibe should faiL It wa3 a consciously losing game that she had fought so gallantly, never giving in ; and indeed the was not unaware, nor was she without a languid satisfaction in the fact that she had in deed carried off the honors of the .field, that it would not be said that she had been beaten. But. what did that matter ? Argument she knew and felt had nothing to do with such affairs. She had known herself to have lost from the moment she saw Colonel Kingsward standing there against the mantelpiece in the dining-room. It had not been possible for her then to give in, to turn and go forth into the street flingiDg down her arms. On tbe con trary, it washer nature to fight to the last, and she had carried off an apparent victory. She had marched off with colors flying from the field of battle, leaving every enemy con founded ; bntshe herself entertained no illusion in the matter. It. was possible, no doubt, that her spell might yet be strong enough upon her middle-aged 'captive to make him ignore and pass over everything that told against her — but after considering the situation with a keen and close survey of every Likelihood, she dismissed that hope. No, her chance was lost — again ; the battle was over— again. It had been so 'near being successful that the shook was greater perhaps than usual ; but she had now been feeling the shook for hours, so that her actual fall was as much a relief as a pang, and her mind full of resource, obstinately san guine, was becoming ready to pass on to the next chance and had already sprung up to think— What now. ? I am sorry that in this story I have always been placed in natural opposition to this woman, who was certainly a creature full of interest, full of resource, and indomitable in her way. And she had a theory of existence, as it is my opinion we all must have, making out to ourselves the most plausible reasons and \- excuses for all we do. Her struggle in which she would not have denied that she had some times been unscrupulous, had always been for a standing ground on which, if once attained, she could have been good. She had always promised herself that she would be good when onoe the had attained — oh, excellent, kind, just, true— a model woman'. And what, after all, had been her methods? There had been little harm in them. Here and there somebody had been injured, as in the case of Aubrey Leigh, of Charlie Kingsward. To the first -she had indeed done considerable harm, but then she had soothed tbe life of Amy, his little foolish wife, to whom she had been more kind than she had been unkind to him. ' She had not wanted to be the third per son between that tiresome couple. She had stayed in his house from a kind of sense of duty; and had Aubrey Leigh indeed asked her to be comehis BeoondwifeBhewouldofcoursehaveao oepted him for the sake of theposition, but with a grimace. She was not particularly sorry for having harmed him. It served him right for — well, for being Aubrey Leigh. And as for Bee Kingsward she had triumphantly proved, muoh to her own surpise, it mult be said, that it was not she who had done Bee any harm. Then Charlie — poor Charlie, poor boy ! he thought, of course, that he was very miserable and badly used. Great heavens ! that a boy could have the folly to imagine that anything could make him miserable at twenty-two, a man, and with all the world before. Miss Lance at this moment was not in the least sorry for Charlie. It would do him good. A young fellow who had nothing in the world to complain of, who had everything in his favor— it was good for him to be unhappy a little, to be made to re member that he was only flesh and blood after alL Thus ehe came to the contusion as she walked along that really she had done no harm to other people. To herself alas! ehe was always doing harm, and every failure made it more and more unlikely that she would ever succeed. She did not brood over her losses when she was thus defeated. She turned to the next thing that offered with what would have been in a better cause a splendid philosophy ; but yet in moments like this ehe felt that it became every day more improbable that she would ever succeed. Instead of the large and liberal sphere in which she always hoped to be able to fulfil all the dutiss of life in an imposing remarkable way, ehe would probably bave to drop into — what ? a governess's place for which she would already be thought too old— some dreadful position about a school, some miserable place as house keeper — she with all her schemes, her hopes of better things, her power over others. This prospect was always before her and came back to her mind by moments when she was at the lowest ebb, for sbe had no money at all. She had always been dependent upon somebody. Even now her little campaign in George-street, Hanover-equare, was at the expense of the friend with whom she had lived in Oxford and who believed Laura was concerting measures to establish herself permanently in some re munerative occupation. These accounts would have to be settled somehow and some other ex pedient be found by which -to try again. Well one thing done with, another to come on— was not that the course of life? — and there was a certain relief in the thought that it was done with. The suspense was over ; there was no longer the confliot between hop9 and fear, which wears out the nerves and clouds the clearness of one's meutal vision. One down another come on ! She said this to herself with a forlorn laugh in the depths of her being ? yet not so very forlorn. This woman had a kind of pleasure in the new start, even when she did not know what it was to be. There are a great .many things in which, I avow, I have the greatest sympathy with her, and find her more interesting than a great many blame less people. Poetic justice is generally in books awarded to suoh persons. But that is, one is aware, not always the case in life. While Miss Lance went on quietly along the long unlovely street, with those thoughts in her mind, walking more slowly than ueual, a little languid and exhausted after her struggle, but as has been said frankly and without arriere penste giving up the battle as lost and accepting her defeat— ehe became sud denly aware .of aqnick firm footstep behind, sounding fast and continuous upon the pave ment. A woman like this has all her wits very sharply about her, the ears and 4he ei^ht of a eavage, and an nnslumbering habit of ob servation, or she could never carry «n iier , soareer. -.She heard -:tne .step and-instinctively - noted it before ber mind *woke^o«»f «B6e ? of meaning and importance in it. Then, al at once, as it came just to that distance behind which made it apparent that this footstep was following — some -one who went before — it suddenly Blackened without stopping, became slow when he had been fast. At this her thoughts flew away like a mist and she became all ears, batshe^waa too wise to turn .round, to display any interest. Perhaps ib might be that he was ouiy going his own way, not in tending to follow, and that he had Blackened his pace unconsciously without ulterior motives when he eaw her in front, of him — though this Miss Lance scarcely believed. Perhaps, I will not affirm it, she threw a little more of her real langour and weariness into her attitude and movements when ehe made this exciting discovery. She was in -reality very tired. She had looked so when she left the house; perhaps she had forgotten her great fatigue a little in the course of her walk, but it now came back again with double force, which is not unusual in the most matter df-faot oirouniBtances. As her pace grew slower the footstep behind became slower also, but always followed on. Miss Lance proceeded steadily, choosing the quiet streets, pausing now and then at a shop window to rest. The climax came when she reached a window whioh had a rail round it, upon whioh she leaned heavily, every line, of her dress expressing with a faculty which her garments specially possessed, an exhaustion which could scarcely go further. Then she raised her head to look what the place was. It was full of em broideries and needlework, a woman's shop, where Bhe was sure of sympathy. She went in blindly as if her very Eight were olouded with her fatigue. ' I am very tired,' she said, ' I want some Bilk for embroidery ; bnt that is not my chief object. May I sit down a little 1 I am so very tired.' 'Certainly, ma'am, certainly,' cried the mistress of the shop, rushing round from behiiid the counter to place a chair for her, to offer a glass of water. She eat down so as to be visible from the .door, but still with her back to it. The step had stopped, and there was a shadow across the window — the tall shadow of a man looking in. A smile came upon Miss Lance's face — of gratitude and thanks to the kind people — also perhaps of some internal satisfaction. But she did not act as if she 'were conscious of anyone waiting for her. She -took the glass of water with many -acknowledgments ; she leant back on the chair, murmuring ' Thanks, thanks,' to the exhortations of the shopwoman not to hurry, to take a good rest. She did not hurry at all. Finally she was so much better as to be able to buy her silks, and declaring herself quite restored to go out again in the open air. She was met by the Bhadow that had been visible through the window, and which, as she knew very well, was Colonel Kingsward, stiff and embarrassed, yet with great anxiety in his face. 'I feared you were ill,' he said, with a little jerk, the words coming in spite of him. ' I feared yon were fainting.' ' Oh, Colonel King3watd, you !' ' Yes— I feared you were fainting— It is— nothing, I hope?' ? 'Nothing but exhaustion,' she eaid, with a faint smile. . 'I wag very tired, but I have rested, and I am a little better now.' 'You will let me call a oabforyou; you don't seem fit to walk ?' 'Oh, no cab, thanks ! I would much rather walk — the air and the slow movement does one a little good.' She was pale, and her voice was rather faint, and erery line of her dress, as I have said, waa tired — tired to death — and yet not ungracefully tired. ' I cannot let you go like this alone.' His voice softened every moment jthey went on for a step or two together. ' You had better — take my arm, at least,' he said. She took it with a little cry and sudden clasp. ' I think you are not a mere man, but an archangel of kindness and goodness,' she said, with a faint laugh that broke down, and tears in her eyes. And I think that) for that moment in the extraordinary revulsion of feeling, Miss Lance almost believed what she said. Chapter Lin. What more is there to Bay? It is better when one is able to deal poetic justice all round, to reward the good and punish the evil. Who are the good and who are the evil? We have not to do with murderers, with breakers of tbe law, with enemies of God or man. If Aubrey Leigh had not been exceedingly im prudent, if Bee had not been hotheaded and passionate, there would never have been that miserable breach between them. And the sorceress who destroyed for a time the peace of the Kingsward family really never at any time meant that family any real harm. Sbe meant them indeed to her own consciousness all the good in the world, and to promote their welfare in every way by making them her own. And as a matter of fact she did bo, devoting herself to their welfare. She made Colonel Kingsward an excellent wife, and adopted his children into hsr sedulous and unremitting oare with a zeal which a mother could not have surpassed. Her translation from scheming poverty to abundance, and that graceful modest wealth which is almost the most beautiful of the conditions of life, was made in a way which was quite exquisite as a work of art. Nobody could ever have suspected that she had been onoe poor. She had all the habits of the best society. There was nowhere they could go, even into the most exalted re gions, where tha new Mrs. Kicgsward was not distinguished. She extended the colonel's connections and interest, and made his house popular and delightful ; and she was perfect for his children. Even the county people and near neighbor?, who were the most critical, acknowledged this. The little girls soon learned to adore their stepmother ; the big boys admired and Btood in awe of her, sub mitting more or less to her influence, though a little' suspicious and sometimes half hostile. As for baby, who had been in a fair way of growing up detestable and a little family tyrant, his father's new marriage was the saving of him. He scarcely knew as he grew up that the former Mas Lance was not his mother, and he was said in the family to be her idol, but a very well disciplined and well behaved idol, and the one of the boys who was likely to have the finest career, Charlie, poor Charlie, was not so fortunate, at least at first. The appointment which Colonel Kingsward declared ne had been look ing out for all along was got-as soon as Charlie was able to accept it, and he left England when he was little more than convalescent. People said it was strange that a man with consider able influence and in the very centre of affairs should have sent his eldest son away to the ends of the earth to a dangerous climate and a difficult) post. But it turned out very well on the whole, for after a few years of languor and disgust with the world there suddenly fell in Charlie's way an oppor tunity of showing that there was after all a great deal of English pluck and courage in him. I do not think it came to anything more than that — but then that, at certain moments, has been the foundation and the saving of the British Empire in various regions of the world. There was not one of his rela tions who celebrated Charlie's success with bo much fervor as his stepmother, who was never tired of talkincr of it, nor of declaring that she had always expected as much, qpd known what was in him. Dear Charlie, she said, had fulfilled all her expectations, and made her more glad and proud than words could say. It was a poor return for this maternal devotion, yet a melancholy fact, that Charlie turned away in disgust whenever he heard of her and could not endure her name. Bee, whose little troubles have been so much the subject of this story, accomplished her fate by becoming Mrs. Aubrey Leigh in the natural course of events. There was no family quarrel kept up to scandalise and amuse eooiety, but there never was much intercourse no* any great cordiality between the house3 of Kingswarden and Forest Leigh. I think, however, that it was against her father that Bee's heart revolted most. [The End.] 