PERIWINKLE: * AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY, BY THE AUTHOR OF 'THE WILD WAttBINGTONS.' CBAPTER Vl.—Continued. ?Very likely; we will not talk about it,' I said hurriedly. 'Besides, Jack would have barked — trust him — if any one had been near the house.' 'I often think,' slowly went on my aunt, gazing upward at the low cracked ceiling as she lay flat on ber back in the bed, 'how easily any body, if he had a mind to, could crawl up upon the roof just at this part of the house — first by mounting the wall by the cowshed, then along the brewhouse tiles, and then on by the spouting to — ' ' Pray do not encourage those horrid fancies at this time of night,' I interrupted earnestly, ' but try your hardest to go to sleep, aunt Hannah, and then perhaps you will wake up better to-morrow. I am sure I hope you will.' I turned the wick of her oldfa shioned night-lamp to a more cheer ful point, so dispelling one or two weird Witch of Endor-like shadows that had taken flickering shape upon ceiling and wall, and once more put my lips to her forehead ; then, finally bidding her good night, I left her. At last in my own room, I leaned out of window and lifted my face to the starry sky. How exquisite, how still, how uuspeakably beautiful was the sleeping world ! That tiresome wakeful fowl in the yard wae quiet now ; the only sound that was in any wise audible was the smothered grunt of a slumbering sow. A little frolicsome night-wind blew sweetly and crisply from the north-wesr. Fondly I turned my eyes towards Garland-on-the-moor. ' My love — dear love,' I murmured — 'good night !' Was I learning, or was I awake? It mu-i iiavc been past midnight for the wanding 'uoonlight laj »?-. patches upon th- lloor of my tjoiu, when I started up in bed, listening acutel), convinced that some unusual noise had reached my sense of hearing. By degrees it had stirred my sleep-bound laculties.aud I whs now almost broadly awake. Atfiist I believed that I must beyond all question be dreaming —dreaming that thieves and cut throats were perhaps upon the roof. : aunt Hannah's uncomfortable talk , hazily recurring to my memory — for the ceiling above my head wa* jarring in a peculiar manner, as if '? uonie un-', steadily, were moving f within the dark void of the roof '- itself. ' For a while I was horribly ' frightened, and the palms of my I handr nnd the soles of my feet grew ? moist wiih terror Yet the next \ minute I was out of bed, hastily f donnC'i my clothe?, and was vainly ? grojinj ii-r a friendly match-box '? that, of c 'Wise in a moment of panic V was n where to be found. Unlike I aunt Hiwi'iah, I was not accustomed | to ) urn a light throughout the % nipi.\ i-' I ha i rushed to the conclusion I that she was ill, and moving about i; tl'e l.'ii-e ; perhaps she wanted as ffc sistdifv and was unable to make E-; mo i -;-?;. Hut what on earth could R e^e Ur .1 - =in-r in uncle Simon's p; panvt ?— f.,r, now that I was K; thoruu;'lilv awake, nnd with wits §| ale:*, I knew thai the strange Hi soun-U p. -cueded from the solitary Eh' ? «nd mysterious attic across the ijl - grim Ihrchuld of which I had K; never yet gone. K| '? In despair abandoning my seai ch |jt. for the matches, I swiftly but p| noiselessly opened my door and H peeped cautiously out into the passage. If aunt Hannah should be walking in her sleep — and it was not impossible — one could not be too careful in one's movements in approaching hei. Tue pale moonbeams pouring in at the small stair-head window flooded the passage and the land ing. Out here it was as light as day, but with a light more cold and 'creepy ' than that of any day. Stealing along the passage, with my heart thumping, I came, almost before I was aware of it, to a corner of the landing, upon the door of aunt Hannah's chamber. Kind Heaven protect me — I was wrong ! Her door was shut; ard listening' t could hear my aunt, evidently in a deep sleep, snoring aloud in her bed. Then it was not she, either well or ill, who was prowling about the house at this unearthly hour. Who then could it be ? Hark — yes! Someone or some thing was moving in the attic under the root ! Was it a robber ? Had Uncle Simon returned with out warning, and much earlier than he had anticipated ? And, if so, how had he managed to get into the house in spite of shuttered windows and barred doors ? Why, moreover — and this to me was the strangest circumstance of all — had not Jack Spratt barked, as after nightfall be never failed to do at the slightest noise in the vicinity of Moor E^ge ? Had he growled and barked in that familiar unappeas able way of his, I was certain that I should have heaid him directly, his barrel in the yard being so near to toy window. What ought I to do ? It would be the worst of folly to awaken aunt Hannah. She would instantly be taken with her nervous disorder in its most alarming and serious form, and perhaps in the sudden terror of it all would die rightout \ On the other hand, inactivity on my part — and the precious moments were flying — might mean a violent death both for her and for me — two weak women as we were, shut up with some desperate wretch in a lonely house like Moor Edge ' ' Wh — ir — ir — r-r-r !' went the old eight-day clock in the Kitchen downstairs, and then struck one, jarring hideously upon the dead night silence. And in the sains in stant I heard a key grate rustily in the garrot door, the door itself open gently, close, and then a font step upon the upper stairway, about to descend to the landing where I was. Dumb, paralysed with fright, I rell back against the passage-wall, my arms extended behind me, my eyes wide, strained, unwillingly fascinated, fixed upon the dusky narrow stair-ladder which led up to that evil place. Had my life depended upon promptitude in flight, I could have stirred neither baud nor foot. I could only keep staring, in a voice less agony of dread, upward at that flight of steep bare stairs which Jed to my uncle Simon's den. It seems to take minutes in tell ing, but actually seconds only, could have elapsed ere I dinily per ceived advancing towards me the tall figure of a ma,n — advancing with great care, and, like a blind man, feeling his way as he came. Then from the ugly shadow he stepped in the beautiful moonlight, and a stifled shriek, partly of reiiet, partly of mingled wonderment and joy, broke from my dry lips. The man waaDaryl Darkwood ! He saw me, started — he was al ready very pale — came quickly forward, and sank upon one knee at my feet. Too startled vet to utter a word, I could only stand there petrified in amazement, with my quivering arms spread for sup port against the wall behind me. ' ' My darling, torgive me !' he whispered passionate!}'. ' I did not mean to disturb or to alarm you ; hut I couldn't help it. I found the skylight in the roof unfastened — movable. It seems, however, that it closes with a singular kind of soring, and I was speedily made a prisoner. I struck a light, and luckily then found an old key, or ? ' My heart was beginning to thaw, as it were. My tongue became loosened, and was once more my own. 'But— but, Mr. Darkwood,' I gasped, ' what is the meaning of this? What are you here at ail for? It is — it is terribly wrong. Why, oh, why did you do it ? ' ' Flower, I love you !' he cried breathlessly. ' I love you, and mean to save you from the deso late, unnatural life you are now living. Dearest, this house, believe me, is no place, no fit home for you. The people here have wickedly de ceived you — you are nothing to them, are not of their kin. I am convinced of it from what I have heard about them and you in Stonyharupfoa and elsewhere. Yet, before making this known to you, I was resolved to ascertain the truth for myself — and to-night I have done it. It is very ugly truth ; and, Flower, you must quit this place — say adieu to it for ever — the very hour that I can arrange for you to fly with me to a happier shelter 1 My darling, with me you will be safe ! No one can take you from me or can in any wise harm you when once you are my wife !' 'O pity.'I whispered distractedly, ' not so loud ! You will awaken my aunt else, and that would be dreadful, dreadful, dreadful ! Go — please go !' ' I will. But you must first solemnly promise me that you will be in the quarry to-morrow morn ing — nay, it is now morning ! — not later than eleven o'clock. I will explain everything to you then.' 1 Oh, I'll promise anything if you will only go !' I moaned, almost sobbed, wringing ray hands in an anguish of distress. He sprang to his feet, and clasped me fondly in his arms. I was too weak and unnerved — in- deed utterly powerless — to resist him in the least. I could only lie passive in his sustaining arms whilst he pressed his lips to mine. 'Farewell, beloved, for a few hours !' he murmured, 'Show me the Jiest way of escape — and I am gone !' ' The best way — the best way,' I repeated daz;dly to myself. Yes yes, that would be it — ihe quickest and the bast way ! ' See — straight before you — down this passage,' I explained feverishly — ' is the door of ny room. The window is exactly opposite the to the door ; the moor itself is, &s; 5'ou know, merely a few feet from the window-ledge. There is no better way than that. Oh, be quick, Mr. Darkwood, if you would be kind to me — and go !' ' Not until I have heard you suy, ' Da.ryl, I love you !' It was — this extraordinary mid night encounter — but thn fourth time in my life of seeing him. I — poor moth in the flatne ! — obeyed him nevertheless. ' Daryl,' I breathed, trembling exceedingly, ' I — I love you !' ' Pei i winkle,' lie murmured back, caressing wiy head, 'you are all tlie world to me, love. My pietty Flower, Heaven shield you and bless you !' Again did he strain me bn his heart, his lips fixed upon mine ; then, releasing me, he vanished down the moonlight passage ; and I was alone. CHAPTER VII. I rose betimes to sit by my open 1 wiadow. and the fresh pure air ot early morning wrought me more good than anything else could have done. It cooled my aching head and fevered eyes, and brought back to me the bodily vigour ot which the excitement of the past night had robbed me. Notwithstanding, at present steady and collected thought was a sheer impractica bility ; that must wait until the day was older and I had learnt more than I already knew of the mystery which brooded over Moor Edge. I could not, would not yet think of that. A dispassiontae view and reasoning of things must be put aside until I had again seen Daryl Darltwood. Daryl — Daryi ! I could think only of him, and not yet of uncle Simon, aunt Hannah, and Moor Ed»c When I heard Aunt Hannah astir below, opening doors and windows and raking out the ashes from the kitchen grate, I rose quietly from my chair by the casement and went down-stairs to join her in her work. I began to wonder whether in ap pearance I was at all changed from the Flower Creedy of the night before. I suppose, though, there was no perceptible difference in me — at all events, to the eyes of my aunt Hannah — for, when she looked at me and said good morning, she made no observation whatever of a personal character. She, I was glad to notice, looked better than fe^ual ; evidently a night's thorough rest had in every sense been beneficial to her. ' Did — did you sleep well, aunt, after all ?' I ventured, as carelessly as I could speak, as I shook out and spread the cloth for breakfast and. clattered the crockery upon the table. ' Sound as a roach !' answered she, quite cheerfully for her. ' That grog you made, Flower, must have been very strong, I feel sure ; and I wonder I have not a headache this morning — that I do !' ' 1 told you it was strong. I thought you needed it so,' I snek in, with a short forced laugh. ' You did not want to hear that cock crowing ail night, did you ?' ' No, indeed,' shivered my aunt, as she poured the boiling water up( n the tea. ' I dare say you won't believe it, but my marrow ran cold as it was.' Again I laughed a little absently, perhaps somewhat unfeelingly, and strolled to the open back-dcor. Why, where was Jack ? Why had he not, as was his wont, come scampering indoors, his stump of a tail quivering joyously, the moment he heard us moving in the house ? Bare-headed, I went out into the sunny court, and gazed up and down it and over the wall into the yard. 'Jack. Jack,' I called — 'little man, where are you ?' And then I whistled for him. But there was no glad bark in reply. Where could he be, my dear little mongrel companion and friend? I ran to his barrel and looked into it. A sharp crjT hurst from me. I fell upon my knew by tLe barrel's mouth. My tears had suddenly gushed forth and blinded me. There upon his side upon the straw — half in, halt outot his tub — he lay, my faithful ' little man' that would never more answer to my merry call, never more wander with me over the wide and wimly mior ! His glassy eyes weieparfciy open ; his tongue, slightly frothy, hung from his jawe. His body, his limbs were cold and stiff in death — he lay strelcUed to his fullest length which yet was barely that of a good si**] hare. My cry of bitter grief speedily brought out aunt Hannah. ? Is — is he dead ?' said 6he, turn ing very white. ' Yes— dead '.' was all I could say. _ Aunt Hannah stooped over the little dead dog, and warily ex amined the hanging tongue. Then, she looked up at me. In an awe stricken voice she said — 'Is must have happened last night when the game-cock was crowing. He has been poisoned— that's plain ! And who have done it, I wonder ! Oh, Flower.' whined she, ' didn't I say that misfortune was coming ? And now— and now,, depend upon it, there's worse be hind r ***** 1 My dear one, do not, oh, do noc cry so piteously ! It is terrible for me to see you. Take heart, Flower. In a little whil« hence you will be far away from that dismal place yonder. We shall be always to gether, in a purer atmosphere ? morally purer, you know, I mean ? with no cares, no troubles, and as happy as the day is long !' 'It is so — so much to have lost in a single day — at a single blow !* I, sobbed, although Daryl's dear arms were holding me as we sat together upon the grass- grown, quarry stones, and Heaven's own fair radiant sky was overhead. ' Faith — one's utter faith in one's nearest and best— shattered at a single blow, and ? ' ' Now do not any longer call that old vil — that old man your ' nearest and best/ Flower ! I tell you that he is nothing to you — I am tho roughly convinced of it; nor are ' yon ought to him.. He is an out cast, a pariah, a kind of leper1 what you will — that is all the world over shunned b»T his fellow men. Moor Mdge, as I tried to make you comprehend last ni^ht, is no fit abode for you, my darling. It is an accursed house — haunted, be sure, by many a ghost, if ghosts of the poor dead there be. You must by-and-by forget that you ever lived there, that you ever called it home.' ' That will be impsssible. I have known no home but that; and — and uncle Simon has been — has always been so good to me. I owe him so much — everything indeed !' ' You owe him nothing. What ever he may have done, my dear little girl, rest well assured that he has done it in the way of atone n.cnt — having so wickedly wronged you. And, Flower,' said my lover almost stern I y, ' do not any more, I beg you, speak of him as ' uncla Simon.' I do not like it — cannot bear to hear it. \ have a sensitive ear, Flower, and 'uncle Simon'* grates upon it painfulty.' I sighed heavily, wearily, and could not stem the flood of my tears. ' Then — then there is Jack,' wept I, ' my dear little dog. Oh, I loved him so — I leved him so ! He too is jone — all is gene !' ' Come — are no*; 3'ou a trifle childish, darling ?' said Daryl half gently, half playfully. ' Jack, after all, was only a dog, and — forgive me, Flower — a precious ugiy and, I think, dangerous one.' ' All, but he was so faithful !' I managed to say. 'No doubt. But some one, I dare say, with intent to destroy stoats and other vermin, had been throwing poisoned flesh about,' an swered Daryl. ' I — I don't know. I wish I did,' said I sadly. (To he continued.) 