[?] (' ,%itaess to the Deed 'J ?. [By Geokoe Manville Fekn.] ' ' * '' ? _____ ;'., ? J v „:!.. GHAPTEK XXIV. ? i, . ' f ':TWO/NI«HTS OF WATCHING. '?TSank goodness !' said Guest to him V self, i as he moved slightly and saw that , his companion appeared to be sleeping '''heavily; but as he rose Stratton fol \f\ ^owed his example, looking very pale, but more like himsolf, ' ? Morning ; how are you ?' said -? ; Guest. '.Better — much Better.' 'You should have undressed and gone 'to bed, and you'd have been better still. , How's the shoulder ?' ? . L * Gaze me a good deal of pain several times in the night, but it is easier now.' « Glad of it ; but take my advice : let's have in a doctor, and get him to \- 1 dress it properly.' 'There is no need, said Stratton c quietly. ? A wound only has to be kept from exposure to the air to heal itself.' 'Well, of all the obstinate fellows ?' \- ' Oh, no,' said Stratton with a wan 1 , smile. 'You see I have been very 'obedient. If the wound is disposed to turn bad, as I shall soon know, I will have medical advice. If there is no need, surely you can spare mo the annoy ! ance of answering a surgeon all kinds of questions, and being tied down to his 'routine.' ' ' Well, I will not worry you, old fel low, for you do seem to be better.' ' 'Much,' said Stratton quietly. 'I ?'only want to be at peace for a time. I ithink I shall go into tho country.' ?Will you?' ' « Y-e-s, I think I will.' .'With me? Then we'll go as soon as you can start.' , ' 'Mo, no,' cried Stratton excitedly. I shall be poor company, and would rather go alone. 'Not fit. Look here. Happy thought. I'll ask Brettison in.' # . 'i ' No, no !' cried Stratton excitedly. ? ? But he's the very man — quiet, calm, and don't talk. Go and pick buttercups and daisies along with him for a few days, and then come back to me quite compos mentis, and we'll see what can be done.' Guest made towards the, door, but Stratton intercepted him. . , \- ' I tell you no,' he said firmly ; ' and —and — Brettison is out.' 'Out?' ' ' Gone into the country.' 1 Humph !' ejaculated Guest, looking it his friend curiously, for there was something in his manner ,which puzzled him. But Stratton said cheerfully : ' Nearly nine. Will you order some breakfast from the tavern.' 1 Eh, to be sure ! Let's go. No ; afraid you are not well enough? I'll send Mrs. Brade. But no nonsense,' said Guest. ' I give you my word,' said Stratton quietly. 'I take it;' and aEter a visit to the bedroom Guest came back, looking re freshed and ready to go out and order 'the meal to be brought. In due time this was at the door, and, to. the young barrister's great satisfaction his friend drank a cup of coffee, and ate sparingly of some dry toast, looking every minute more and more himself. There were moments when his face twitched', and his eyes looked strange, but, that Guest set down to the pain of his wound ; and in the course of the morning, feeling more and- more relieved, he' said : 1 Look here, old fellow, I think If you'll give mo your word of honour there shall be no' nonsense, I'll go back to my place and change.' Ho glanced at his wedding garments as he spoke. ' Yes, I would,' said Stratton quietly. ' You are not going to. be ill V * Certainly not.' ?And I can trust you ?' 'Of course.' ?Then I will go.' ' Oh, . yes, I shall be all right now, and I may write to you from the coun try and ask you to ioin me.' ? Thanks,' said Guest drily ;, 'but you are not going yet. We'll talk about that when we come back.' ' Game back ?' 4 Oh, ye3 ; I shan't be above an hour.' ' But, really, my dear Percy ? ' r 'I will nothear a word now. Thoro, let some fresh air into the room ; the place smells stuffy ; my fault, I sup pose. It's as if tho ghosts of all the cigars I have smoked here were rising up 'in ovidence against me. To, ta! I shall not be long.' Stratton madu uo reply, but smiled at him faintly as lie pas3cd out and closed the door ; after him. But the moment Stratton was alone there was a sudden change He clasped bis hand to his head, and began to pace the room with rapid etridos, but dropped one arm directly as ho turned pallid with pain. ' What to do ?' he muttered. ' What to do ? Mad 1 Enough to make me. ??Well, lot them think what thoy plcaso. It makes no difference now,' Ho thrust his hand into his pocket and grasped his keys, and then shud dered : but, drawing himself up, he set his teoth hard and crossed to where tlio easy chair stood, in which ho had passed tho night, wheeled it from the door, and wont to the window after slipping the Lolfc. . His hand was on tho blind, and he was in the act of drawing it down, when . there was a knock, nnd ho stood as if paralysed. ' Back so soon !' he thought, and, as if recalling the scene of the previous day, when Guest insisted upon admis sion, he gave a sharp glance round tho room, and went and oponed the door. 'Thank you, sir,' said Mrs. Brade, stepping in ; and lie involuntarily gave way. ' Mr. Guest asked me to come in and. tidy you.' ' No, no, not to-day. I ? ' ' But if Mr. Guest said I was to, sir, and if yoii objected I was to tell you to be calm. It's very glad I am to see you much better,' said the woman, going to the bedroom. ' Why, you haven't been to bed all night, sir ! I don't wonder you look pale,' she continued, returning and crossing tho room. ' Did you use your bath ? ' She uttered a wild cry as Stratton rusqed at her, caught her by the shoulder with a fierce grip, and swung her away. ?? I tell yon,' lie cried with a fierce growl, ' I will not have the place touched. Go — at once.' The woman was to much alarmed to speak, and, making for Ihe door, hurried out, and made for the porter's lodge, 'that agitated,' as she said to herself afterwards, ' that she felt as if she could never go there again.' Stratton wiped the could sweat from his brow as soon as he was alone, and once more began to pace the room, with the key in his hand. But he did not use it. Thrusting it ' back into his pocket, he sat down and hurriedly wrote a letter, in which he enclosed a cheque ; then, looking out an address from the directory, he fastened down the envelope, and opened the window, at which he waited till he saw a familiar face, and asked its owner to slip the letter into the first pillar-box. The act seemed to revive him, and he grew a little calmer. He turned to a cabinet containing natural-history speoi mens preserved in spirits, and taking out first one and them another, he care fully examined them, removing the tied down stoppers of several of the large mouthed vessels ; and he was still examining oue of these with the spirit therein looking limpid still, when there was a double knock. His first idea, as he started up, was to hurriedly replace the glass vessel, but a moment's thought decided him upon leaving it on the table and opening the door. ' Back again, you see,' said Guest in quiringly. 'Ah, busy with yoar speci mens. That's right, nothing like keep ing the mind cccupied ; but clear away — tho fellow will be here soon with the dinner, and I've brought some cigars. Mrs. Brade been ? ' ' Yes ; but you are not going to stay here this evening ? ' '. ? ' Indeed, but I am.' . Stratton frowned, but said nothing, and in due time the dinner came, was eaten, and the evening became a re petition of the last, but with the differ that Stratton seemed far more calm and able to keep himself under control. But as night wore on ho stubbornly refused to go to bed. If his friend in tended to stay there in a chair, he would do the same. .' Compulsion will only make him wild and irritate his wound, ' thought Gnest, and twelve o'clock struck as they settled themselves in their chairs as be fore. (To be Continued). 