THE FUTURE OF OUR FRUITS. THE NORTHAM DISTRICT. [BY L.L. C] Northam begins at one end and ends at the other, and there is a good deal of Northam is between. This is a very Hibernian description, I fear, but what I really mean is that Northam has a decided tendency to spread itself over the most of surrounding oration. It occupy an area equal to that; of a second class city in the old country, and if the gaps which are now represented by cultivation paddocks, are ever filled up, Northam will be " same pumpkins " of a village. The railway authorities of the days that are gone, had the same kindly consideration for Northam that I remarked in my notes on Newcastle. The terminus has been kept as far away from the township as possible. They evidently went on the prophet and the mountain principle, and if the railway would not go to the town, due to via would have to go to the railroad. Thetrwn has done its best to get to both the railway and Yilgarn and Kira berley and King George's Sound, and if its desire to spread over the face of nature is not checked, the country will have to be enlarged to hold it. However, the railway is now going on, right through the town to Southern Cross and Yilgarn, the beginning, and, I fear as not a few cases, the end of much ambition and the fruitful hope. I do not think this is altogether the fault of Yilgarn, bat the want of better communication with the fields, and if there is anything really good-and surely there must be-the railway will bring it to light. But my mission is not mining, as the term is generally accepted, for minerals that mining it is in another sense, for the tr, shares in the eat to, which when brought to the surface in the ft Face of a vine on a fruit tree, will in their way rival all the Golconda and Ophir. ancient and modern. # * a There is a bustle and " get up about Northam that is refreshing. Teams in and out with wheat for the mills and stores for the railroad, keep the place busy and dusty all day. - New houses and stores are going up and the places of business already in existence appear to be doing a thriving trade. The new railroad has, I suppose, something to do with that, it must have given an impetus to trade ; but the general appearance of the town, the very substantial character of the buildings, and the activity of the people, all go to show that Northam was not "slow even before the railroad started. It has evidently had an existence in fact for some time and I have an idea is going to have a still bigger existence in the future. It is not a pleasing place to the eye. It is decidedly red and dusty and untidy and thriving. With the exception of three or four dear old accacia outside the Railway Hotel and a few spasmodic guns higher up, planted when Mr. Throssell was Mayor, there is hardly a tree to be sees in the street. The roads are wide and why do not the Municipal authorities take some steps to ornament them with trees and do away with what has been alliterative described as a' " dead level of damaged dreary less." The shade of the trees would be most grateful to pedestrians and would add considerably to the appearance of the place. It is not a very costly matter to plant and protect the trees and there is no reason why that admirable system, so long in vogue in America, of an Arbor Day should not be instituted here, as it has been in the other colonies. Let the Municipal Council dig the holes and let each schoolboy and girl plant a tree and tend it. There are plenty of ways of beautifying these red Powrie, and a thing of beauty is, as we all know, a joy for ever. a * # a There is another matter which is, as I write, brought painfully to mind. It has nothing to do with the future of our fruits, but it has a lo e to do with the comfort of the consumers and every one else. I refer to the dear domestic house fly. I have bad occasion to write in the middle of a pitched battle and at other trying moments. I have never tried -it, however, in the midst of a swarm of bees, but I should imagine it could be no worse than being surrounded by the house fly in millions. With me, one fly makes a lot-one mickle makes a muckle. I have a great affection as a rule for my meals, but I do not, I must say, care about eating flies, and I like any whisky and soda occasionally, but I prefer it without a fly obbligato. It is so easy, with ordinary attention, to keep flies out of a house that I wonder it is not done considering that even the man with a face on him like a rhinoceros will occasionally remark, in a perfunctory and ungrammatical kind of way, I admit, " jiggered of them flies ain't enough to worry the life out of a feller." Rooms kept dark when not in use, nets over the windows and doors, insecticide scattered on the window sills, and fly papers about the room, will get over the trouble and remove one of the-to me-greatest burdens of life \- in Australia. # # # # # There is another matter which most intimately concerns the future of our fruits and that is the very inferior quality of the fruit offered for sale, I may say all over the colony. In Perth it is easy enough to get peaches and apricots, and pears and plums, but to get really good samples of these fruits in condition fit for eating is, as far as I have have seen, out of the question. I eat fruit three and four times a day, and as I have to buy it all, I am entitled to speak, I think. My excursions have shown that there is some good fruit in the orchards, but where does it get to P Fruit at present is at such a very high value-that anything will sell ; but the day must come when the market will be more freely stocked, and then the finest varieties, and those in the best condition, will have the pull. 3 would just as soon eat a turnip as half the peaches in the market now, and, really, the same thing applies to all the other fruits, in cluding grapes. Most of the grapes market- ed are not table varieties, they are only fit for the fermenting vat, and many are not fit for that. But these are the halcyon days ; any thing will sell and at good figures. One old lady I used to see two or three years ago at a certain railroad station selling fruit, is now on a European tear, and there is another old dame still very much in evidence at a well know junction, and at her retail prices the profits from the orchard cannot be less than 250 per acre. One does not want much more than a thousand acres under fruit at this rate to make a nice little income. But this cannot last for ever and it is the correction of all this and the management of affairs in the future, so as to prevent any serious sacrifice, that the Associations will have to look out for. In fruit, as in everything is so, the law of the survival of the fittest holds good, and the rubbish that now fetches such ridiculously high prices will in a few years, if it is still grown, have to find its market in the hog pen. costs The only evidence of fruit culture I noticed between Spencer's Brook and Northam, though all the land along the line on both sides, I should say, is admirably adapted for it-is the small plantation of Mr. Gregory, in front of his very neat and compact farm homestead. I had the pleasure of being introduced to Mr. Gregory the following day, and found him, in addition to being one of the first settlers in the district and colony, one of the most intelligent and progressive of mont This is not common. As a rule the old settler is a hard bird to fly at new game. It takes an awful lot to make him rise. But Mr. Gregory has been in good hands. Mr. Throssell has injected some of his enthusiasm into him, and the result is very satisfactory. The young orchard and vineyard planted last June, taking everything into consideration, looks promising. The trees, Mr. Gregory tells me, had been a long time out of the ground, and were in a weak state when he got them for planting, and that omnipresent and omnivorous grub has been at the vines Ho or ever, the result is encouraging, and with care and thorough cultivation the orchard will succeed. ». * # . In this last, " thorough cultivation," lies in this district, the whole secret of success. In Mr. Throssell I found not only an enthusiastic grower, but a thorough exponent of the principle of what I once heard described by an Irish grower on the other side as " always something at the top." Mr. ThrosseLl orchard and vineyard, 10 acres in all, is one of the most encouraging sights I have seen in this or any colony. Five years ago the land was in its natural state, when Mr. Throssell returned from a trip to the other side imbued with the idea that he would like to grow some fruit. He set to work and put out five acres of trees and vines, and eighteen months ago he set out another five acre J of trees. The older trees-and-vines could not look better, in fact they look too well in the matter of fruit, and I am afraid that Mr. Throssell will realize next year that he cannot eat his cake and have it. It is not wise to be too greedy, especially with st the fruit, and it is the greediness as much as anything that brings about the inferiority of fruit which I have complained of above. The nectarine trees are loaded down with most delicious fruit; and I am told the apricot trees be. a wonderfully well this year too. The young trees have made splendid growth, a growth which I do not think could have been improved upon by irriga- tion. The cultivation of the orchard is, I have no hesitation in saving, as nearly perfect as it is possible to make it. The soil is a light, friable, gravelly loam, with a porous subsoil, admirably suited to the growth of fruit. The surface so 1 is one that lends itself readily to cultivation, and Mr. Throssell is always " scratch " away at it, so BE to break up the capillaries and keep the moisture in the ground. The cultivation this orchard gets is almost equal to irrigation, and not nearly so costly or so dangerous in the hands of an inexperienced man. The or hard, with the exception of one plum tree, which the red spider has attacked, is free from blight, and the trees are healthy and vigorous. "It is the vigour of the trees that has much to do with keeping the blight free. A sickly tree or vine is always most readily attacked than a healthy one. But in this delightful, genial climate the spread of insect life is very rapid. Not many miles from Mr. Throssell's orchard there are trees and vines badly infested with all sorts and conditions of blight. It does not take long for these to get around, and once they get into an orchard they spread with alarming rapidity. Prevention is better than cure. Mr. Throssell's orchard is now clean, and I hope to hear that he is spraying in the winter and spring, and taking every precaution to preserve his trees from the ravages of insects. It is in this matter the Associations I am endeavouring to form should be especially active and useful. If these industries are to flourish and became a source of national wealth, they must be protected not in a fiscal sense, for in that respect they will always hold their own but in the sense that one grower must be protected from another. The bug in a generic sense, must be legislated for, and the sooner the better. He must be suppressed at all costs, and to impress the fact I should like to quote from a very excellent article on "Plant Diseases, and How to Prevent Them," by Dr. N. A. Cobb, of the New South Wales Department, which appears in the last Gazette. He writes:-"I have never yet been able to express myself forcibly enough with regard to nipping these things in the bud. A little prevention is worth more than all the cases in the world. There are very few pests indeed which come with a rush there are such, but they are rare. In nearly every case the pest has a small beginning, and it is only after considerable time that it grows to be a nuisance. There is a time in the history of nearly all these pests when the agriculturist could crush them with his thumb and forefinger. How' important it is then for him to make himself acquainted with these pests beforehand, so as to be ready to seize upon them while they are yet within his power. I am sure there are few things that will pay him better than the a knowledge which will enable him to guard his crops from invasions by these insidious robbers." The Associations must, for the protection of their numbers and the industries generally, not stay their hands until an Act is in force which will place a check on the spread of insect pests. The Associations must induce the Government to provide the power and then assist the Government to carry out the work. Now is the time, and every day allowed to pass makes the task more difficult. Information as to the diseases, insect and fungoid, most prevalent, must be obtained through the Government and disseminated amongst the growers, and this can only be done through a department or bureau of agriculture and this the Association and the farmers must fight for, if they know what is for their own good. These Associations have a big row to hoe and a career of the greatest usefulness before them. Before leaving the subject I should like to quote a paragraph from the Australasian of the 4th inst., showing what these Associations can do in a commercial direction. The Association referred to is one I formed, with the assistance of two or three others, some few years ago, and of which I had the honour of being the secretary for some time : " At the monthly meeting of the Goulburn Valley Fruit-growers' Association the members decided to forward 200 boxes of apples and grapes to London during the next month, as trial consignments. The grapes are to be packed in cork dust." The Association can do this, the cost per head per member is very little, and the probable gain is great in opening up a new market. It would be too much to expect the individual grower, unless he was a very wealthy man, to under- take such a task. Here we see the value of the Association. # # * # # Returning to Northam, from which I have been wandering, it was my good fortune to meet Dr. Dunlop, early in the morning following my arrival. The doctor is, first of all, a doctor, and a very popular one too apparently, and then be is the secretary of the local agricultural society and a real live one. One of his admirers and their name is legion went so far as to say that the doctor was the society, and the rest didn't count much. Judging from the manner in which he gets around on a day when the thermometer under the coolest verandah in Northam-and that is undoubtedly the doctor's own-registers 104 degs., I should say he has quite enough energy to be both ends and the middle of the agricultural or any other society. Then the doctor is a farmer and a fruit and vine? grower, the latter only, I am sorry to say, in a purely domestic sense. On his farm, located a few miles from Northam, be raised this season 250 acres of crop and got a good average return for both hay and wheat. I am told that the wheat average for the whole of this district for the past Mason, as near as it possible to ascertain, is 14 bushels. I here of one yield, Mr. Sim Viveash's, that ran up to 22 bushels. The average is fair considering the short season and somewhat scanty average rainfall. There is not much to growing wheat at this yield and selling it at 3s. 6d., and I knew several other things that will give a better return per acre. But I must hold on to these until I can get more space and more room to talk. The doctor arranged to show me round in the after no on, and Mr. Stewart, my New castle friend, kindly drove me up to the doctor's house after lunch. Should the Avon ever take it into its eccentric and disconnected head to go on the burst like the Brisbane river has done, the doctor will at least be able to sit on his verandah and fish all the rest of Northam out with a long pole. His will be the Ark, and most delightfully situated it is on the summit of an antipodean Ararat. The doctor only grows enough fruit at present for his own domestic consumption, but he is quite prepared to go in " big licks " if he is shown the way through. I reckon he is just the man to BOOW how, for he has all the attributes of a good grower of fruit and vines. He has, in the first place, a head and in the second, he is quite prepared to admit that there are lots of things about horticulture and viticulture he don't know and he wants to learn and in the third place, he has enough energy to go round with some to spire and in the fourth, he was he to make money, and he can see that in the Northam district the surest way of making the' " almighty " is to plant it in the ground, and the most encouraging feature of the whole thing is that he is not by any means singular in this respect The doctor, after we had had a look round his garden, hitched up at Boomer " and took me along the Newcastle-road to see what are locally known as "gardens." Going down a facings decensHS we encountered a buggy cushion, this we picked up and wondered how it got there. Next morning I learnt, and I must again digress. a . . . * Going down that steep bill, after Mr. Stewart had left me in the doctor's kindly hands, the brake broke and the buggy ran down on the spirited pair. One was an old stager and didn't care much any way whether he was "forninst" the buggy or not, but the other was a youngster and when he felt the bars about his hocks he jumped and took the old nag along with him and " lit out," and chain lightning was tardy by comparison. Like the falling stone-that as a boy always puzzled me to find out its increasing velocity away they went down the creek and up the creek ; Mr. Stewart with the reins wrapped round his arms and pulling for dear life ; the wheels going round like mad things, and dust flying as if turned up by a thousand willy-willy. Away they streaked, and the ghost of Johnny Gilpin was as nothing to the buggy. wild career. Eventually they turned into Throssell, Son and Stewart's yard and Mr. Stewart banged the whole concern into a fence to prevent further damage. He got off with a big order in Bore biceps, a lot more in blisters on his hands than any one man wants who is not abnormally greedy, broken pole straps and a broken whipple bar, and about the biggest psalm of thanksgiving that there was no requisition on the undertaker. Some men are born not to be killed that way, and I am mighty glad that Mr. Stewart is one of them. there If you let Boomer alone and don't worry him so that the fl as can settle on him without much exertion, I don't suppose he will carry you much over six miles an hour ; but if you shake him, up and say nasty things, and tell him that it was only by a misapplication of the forces of nature that he is not providing milk for the household instead of being in the honorable po >ition he now holds, and occasionally say the French for lady and the colonial for sanguinary, Booaier will pull himself together and without any trouble to himself or anyone else after the first fever of excitement is done with, get over from ten to fourteen miles an hour. We hired a native to talk the necessary French and colonial, and Boomer " lit out " over a fairly good road. Every inch of land we travelled over is good for vines, and it is a pity, a thousand pities, to see it a wilderness of jam and York gum, merely carrying a few sheep. There was cultivation on the lower side of the road along the banks of the Avon, and in one of the paddocks I " saw a sight that literally made my hair get up and ask what relation it bore to the cuticle of my head. It was not much certainly only a plough right in the middle of a furrow.. The farmer had knocked off there some months ago and I guess he left the plough there so that he will know where to start again about next May. If there is anything I do like to see it is implements left out all over the farm all the year round. There is nothing pays so well that is there is nothing that pays the bank over-draft so well. And this came right on top of the doctor's harness room, where you could see your" face in every correct and buckle, and the doctor's assertion that if you " bought a thing it ought to be worth looking after." If this is so of harness why not of ploughs ? 