a iffitaws fflfl ' Three o'clock in the morning is an un canny hour the world over exoept at polioe headquarters or in the oflioe of a morning newspaper, and it was in thie latter plaoe at the hour named, that four or five reporters, having sent in all tb6ir oopv and listened to the foreman swear for fifteen minutes because he had two columns of space and ten oolumns of matter that must go in/' et with their feet on the tables and their chairbacks knocking the plastering off, talking over the Bubjeot which is just as new to-day as it was when Adam doffed his beaver andeaid "How d'y' do ? " to Eve. Every fellow in the crowd was a bachelor, and each one was Informing the other in all seriousness that ho should marry. _ 44 What for?" inquired Claude Browne of Frank Jones. 44 Reoause," replied Frank, 44 it's only the proper way to live." 4 1 A nice husband a reporter would make, 6aid Claude in rebuttal) 44 ooming in at 3 o'clock a.m., and leaving home &e; soon aa he got bis 12 o'clock oreakfaet."' 44 But bis wife would always know where he was, and if she didn't she'd know where- everbe was he was after an item and had to be back at tbe office in time," remarkod Charlie Smith. 44 Well," put in Claude, 44 if you think it's suoh a great snap, why don't you get marrried ?" Can't," said Charlie, very positively. 44 Why not? " 44 Thunderation, man, how's a fellow to buy a whole steamboat when be hBBn't money enough to buy a splinter off' a stage plank ? How's a man to buy a house and lot when he can't buy a shovel full of dirt f " "That's it," interrupted Claude ; 4<howea man to do anything if be doesn't do it ? What's the matter with marrying a rich girl?" 44 Where's the trirl ?" queried Charlie. 44 Plenty of thera. Girls with money always need a disbursing agent, and they will trust a husband when they won't trust an elder in the church. Besides, what's the good of her money if the girl has her heart set on a hus band and can't get him ?" Smith argued awhile against matrimony and at half-past 3 started lor home. He was thinking tbo conversation over, and aa he trudged along it occurred to him that a bachelor wah not only a knot on a log, but he was a very lonesome knot. His way led him through the aristocratic portion of the city and as he passed a fine house his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click" of a turning lock, and the matrimonial line of thought was knocked all away by the reportcrial instinct, and he ?nw, ineid of a bluslviv.g. blooming Mrs Smith, u burglar cracking a millionaire's dining room and making oil with his silver. He thought of the beautiful scoop he was going to have on the other fel lows, and slippiug into tho shadow, he waited and listened. Click went the lock again, as if the burglar was nervous and was mor e anxious to open tho door than he was to preserve the ordinary burglarious quiet. The reporter scrutinised the doorclo&ely; and dis covered tbat the Jobber was not on the outside, but was evidently within, and was working his way out. and he felt a thud of excitement at the thought of being able to capture his man with the boodle on his person. He slipped his revolver oat of his pocket, trained it on thedoor, and an in- staut afterward the door swung open, and Charlie was ready to cry "throw op your hands,'' when in&tcud; of a burglar, a gho6t came cut. 4,lt can't he a ghost," he whispered in an assuring tone to hiiuteif, 4,for ghosts don't unlock doors. Ibey just come right through them. But if it isn't a ghost, what the deuce is it ' " He hadn't long to wait, for whoever or whatever it was came out into the vestibule and down the steps slowly, as if uncertain of its movements, and wheu about half way to the pavement stopped . 1 "By garry," eaid the reporter, 44 its a woman, aud sho'e got on a uigbt- gown. I'll have to see about this," and with hie revol ver ready in case of aocident, he stepped walker. ' ' J — 44 Good evening," he said nervously. "No, excuse me/mean good morning. If you're going to market, maybe you'd better go back and putOD an uLter." Ordinarily Charlie would have been more gallant, but this was anything but an or dinary affair, and he didn't require news paper instinct to tell him so. The sheeted figure made no reply, hut moved again and came toward him. The cold chills cb;i>ed each other down his back and he looked ior a policeman, with the usual result. 44 Stand back," he said, 44 this pistol ain't lomlnl. hut it. niirrht o-nnfl " But on it came, and Charlie found that his legs would't move in spite of all he could do to muke tbem. (Joe U'p more and he stood face tc face with his strange discovery, and Charlie saw that it was not only a woman, but a young and handsome one, and he began to feel better. 44 1 beg your pardon/' he said, 44 but the night air is cool, aud you appear to be dressed rather lightly. Can I render you any assistance? Is thtre anyone iu the house that bus frightened you Still no answer, and Charlie, emboldened by his own words, stepped to the young woman's side and gently took her by the She turned her face to him and then the mystery was solved. " Another Amina/' be said, 44 La Sonnaui- bula off the staue. with & reporter as firt tenor and leading man. AY ell, this is a s'", 44 I've got to take her in thehou&e; any how, that's plain/' he said to himself, and ho gently led the willing walker back up to the door, and rang the hell, and ring it with a forty-horse power draft. The next minute the beautiful sleep walker was no longer asleep, but wide awake, and Charlie bad a very plump young wemun in his arms in a dead faint, and he made a d&6h with his burden into the hull, only to meet a healthy young man ;n even less dishabille. 44 What's this r" lie shouted, making a grab at Charlie '6 throat. 44 Shut the door, you idiot/ gurgled Char lie, dropping tbe girl on the floor and almost putting fiis foot on her, after the tnunucr of sic semper tyrannis. 44 What does this mean ?" again shouted tbe young man, and the remainder of tbe family came tumbling down stairs, none of them fixed to see company. toll you," wheezed Charlie. 44 You don't , want to ruise the neighborhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you? " Some of the other members of the family by this time had rescued the reporter and shut the door, and while tbe mother and tbe servants carried tbe unconscious girl, upstairs, Charlie told the father and son how he had met the young lady, and what the trouble was. Both men knew him by eight, and had met him on 'Change and el&ewhere;, and it was sot difficult to explain the situa tion. Half-an-bour later the reporter was at home in bed and dreaming sweet dreams of pretty girls and all sorts of romantic things. When he reached the office next day a note was watting for him, and he was invited to uuu iuai. eveuiug uu me uiouAuroi ujc young lady. He celled, of course. He saw the mother ; he saw tbedaughter, blusbingnnd beautiful; and now, if Charlie is a b&chelormucb; longer there will be a breach of promise suit or some other dreadful calamity for Charlie's mind is made np.— 4 4 Free Press." 