TUNGAMAH CALEDONIAN SOCIAL. . ~ ■ Of a long series of successful Socials held by the above Spciety, the gathering on Tuesday^ evening must be regarded from every aspect as one of tho most successful ever held, and this is due to the energy thrown into the matter by the president, secretary and the com mittee of willing workers. The result was the more gratifying, pccuring in such dull times and to an extent shows the popularity of the Social. The affair opened with a concert and was followed by a farce.; dancing was then commenced and continued until 12 30, when the guests adjourned to an ample supper, dancing and other amusements being afterwards continued with great zest until 5 a.m. The concert was opened by a piano forte duet by Misses Amery and Brnndrick, which was played in finished style. Mr A. T. Miller sang “The Seven Ages of Man” in his usual acceptable style; “The Bonnie Hills of Scotland ” was sung in Miss Brand rick’s best manner and was .greatly appreciated. Mr Eastmon (Youan mite) sang “The Outlaw” acceptably. Mr Alf. Simpson also made his first appearance before a Tungamah audi ence and at once established himself as a favorite, the song “ Anchored ” was a capital effort, and in response .to an encore Mr Simpson repeated a v, rse. Miss M'llfutrick sang “ The Bose of Allandale ” very nicely, and was fol lowed by Mr Eastmon in “ Steering Home” in good style. Mr Simpson agiiin delighted the audience by his rendition of “ The .Rhine Wine,” hot declined1 to repeat it although, en- i thusiastically encored. The coi cerfc was concluded by “Tell me my heart,” given by Miss Rodgers in her very best style. The accompaniements were played by .Misses Rodgers, Brandrielc, Skinner, M. Carbarns and A. Weller. After a short interval the piece de resistance, “The Area Belle,” was placed upon the stage. The following were the Dramatis Personae :—Pitcher O’Toole (of the ‘foorce,’ the gallant pro-' tector'of domestic hearths and servant gals’ kitchens) Mr B. H. Burke) Tosser M'Tavish (of the 42nd Ye Ken, .champion of their homes and hearts in foreign countries, fond of his vi(c)tals) MrT. Carbarns; Walker Chalks (Milk Oh, ’O! Guaranteed pure and (una dulterated, no factory article) Mr A. T. ’Miller ; Mrs Croaker (fond of going to the pi ty — on the cheap) Miss Robinson; Penelope (Maid of all (he)arts and true to them all), Mrs Hitchcock. A short description of the farce may prove interesting. The scene opens in Mrs Croaker’s kitchen, where we find Penelope; a maid of all work and “ hearts she has several lovers and arranges, by the aid of a pepper box placed on the window sill, that they shall call on separate occa sions However, she is thwarted on this evening by her “ missus ” having shifted the pepper box, and her two lovers, Pitcher O’Toole, a policeman, and Tosser M'Tavish, in the 42nd, meet in the kitchen, where, of course, the situation gets mixed and comic anti explanations are offered. Penelope enters and is horrified to find her two lovers together, but being both as much after the good things in the shape of good suppers as after herself, she makes them friends, and they sit down to supper off tho “missus’” cold mutton, etc. Before they finish their repast the lady of the house returns in a terrible temper, her free pass to the theatre being refused. Penelope lias no way out of it but to hide them somewhere, she puts Tosser into the . pantry and Pitcher into the copper. The lady of the house is determined to stop at home and light the fire under the copper for the heating of the water for washing, and poor Pitcher very soon arrives at the unbearable state. Being too hot to “ hould ” him he gets out, and is forced to hide under the table, when he finds Penelope, who thinks him “ biled like a raw lobster,” making love./to Tosser, and he frightens them into making him a ghost. The . “ missus ” comes on the scene, when they bulb out, but aie stopped by Chalks the milkman, who is another lover of Penelope’s, and the true one. Our local amateurs equitted them selves throughout in excellent style, their conception and rendering of the piece being perhaps the best ever placed on the local boards. As a broadly comic farce the humor com mences with the opening andjintensitied with every point. The scene between O’Toole and* M'Tavish, the rival lovers, is very rich, as was tke love scenes with Penelope ; the snatching of the leg of mutton was greatly appreciated, especi ally when Mrs Croker claims her own. Mr Burke, “Pitcher O’Toole,” took the part of a broad Irishman to perfection and imparted enormous fun to the whole piece,' culminating in his happy song, “The Pollis-m-an.” In his char acter of “Tosser M'Tavish,” Mr Car barns, who introduced a short slieantruis dance, kept the merriment constantly going with the aid of his own . Scotch humor. As “Walker Chalks,” Mr Miller performed part ex cellently.. On Mrs Hitchcock as “ Penelope,’’ resttd the onus of a diffi cult task, hut it is needless to say every point was make with piquant humor and ski}|. Miss Robinson as “ Mrs Oroker,” played her indignant part to the life, the scene where she-discovers Pitcher and. Tosser fighting for her flftld mutton creating roars of laughter. Explanations involve rqore amusement, and the curtain descended to enthu siastic and hearty applaqse given by al]. Dancing was commenced after a short interval and was soon in full swing with a crowded gathering, to the strains of Fraser’s string band. At 12.30 supper was sat down to, provided by Mr W. H. Phillips, in a large marquee erected for the purpose. 'File President (D. Condie, Esq.) proposed the health of the Queen, which was loyally responded to. t Mr J. Fell, J.P., proposed the toast of the “Caledonian Soci“ty,” coupled with the name of the President, who was so identified with it that ho did not think there would he a Caledonian Society without him at the head of -the affairs. Although it was called a “Caledonian Society.’’ it embraced all classes of the community—English, Irish and Scotch, and to which without doubt it owed its great success. He also desired to men tion the name of the president’s lady (Mrs Condie) who, if anything, was a better Caledonian than the president himself (l-iughter). The toast was drunk with musi cal honors amidst great applause. The President in reply thanked them for the honor they^had done Mrs Condie. and himself. He might say he was delighted to. see suoli an assemblage gathered to their social that evening, as owing to the pre vailing depression he had anticipated'that the social would be nearly a failure. He was pleased to see that the many friends of the society had show their hearty support by their presence that evening. (Applause.) , Mr P. M‘Mahon proposed “Kindred Societies. ” He might say he was. greatly interested in all the societies, but none more so than the Caledonian. Mr E. • Mulqirney thanked them on behalf of the H.A.G.B. Society’. He had always looked forward with great pleasure to the annual social of the Tungamah Caledonian Society, and he could safely say it wa9 the premier gathering of its sort in . the North East. He also desired to thank the society for their- assistance at all times to his own. Mr M. A. Corboy responded on behalf of the Cricket Club. Mr Burke, J.V., in proposing the “Land wo live in,” said it was a very happy toast to be placed in his hands. His friend, Mr Fell, had omitted the Australian “gum. sucker ” as one of the supporters of the Caledonian Society and as a native he de sired that the “ gumsucker ” should have been included. He was pleased to know that the Caledonian Society was composed of the scions of the Bi&tish; race with the gumsucker” to the fore it showed the unan imity 'in which they lived as a community. He trusted that this unanimity would still continue and complimented “the father” of the society, Mr Condie, for his zeal and wisdom in conducting its affairs. He desired them to drink the toast “ The Land we live Mr Carbams, J.P., in reply said it gave him much pleasure to respond to the toast, be cause he believed our land was one of the best on the face of the earth, even though it was depressed at present. He did not say this with the boast of an Australian native, because he had, fortunately or unfortunately just escaped being born in the colony. On for mer occasions at this festive hoard he had proposed “The Old Native Land” and tried to raise the enthusiasm of the Scots present, but now it was easily seen a new order of things was appearing and the Australian element was penetrating strongly even into the Caledonian Society. However, he hoped that the Australians would endeavor to m ike their country as honored and famed as theii forefathers’ land. The speaker concluded concluded by reciting Scott’s well known lines on love of country. The President said he had a toast to pro pose' which he felt sure everyone would heartily reap .nd to. He referred to that of Mr Hitchcock, their respected .secretary. Since he had undertaken the managing of affairs the society had prospered, and by”his energy and close attention to his duty lie had been the means of making it the success Messrs Fell and Carbarns also spoke in eulogistic terms to the toast. Mr l5urkc said before the toast was drunk he would like to see Mrs Hitchcock’s name included as a mark of appreciation of her eminent services that evening. (Appl use). Mr W. Hitchcock said he felt extremely flattered by the manner in which his wife’s and his own toast had been honored and he them heartily for it. He could only sav that in doing his duty he found it a pleasure from the very agreeable people be was brought in contact with. He again thanked them and wished the Society every jsuccess in future. Mr Cnrboy proposed “ The Ladies,” which was responded to very briefly by Mr Miller. Tile t-ias' of “ Tile Press,” proposed by Mr Hitchcock in a very flattering manner, concluded the toast list. Dancing was again resumed with great gusto until daylight, the older portion of the j community finding more congenial occupa tion in a game of cards ind real old Scotch gossip, with perhaps a drop of the “ crater ” and puff of the fragrant weed. 