THE LATE ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. It will faofccame as a Surprise but be aeouroe of sincere regret to our readers to bear of the death of the Right Rev. Archbishop Reynolds, the highest dignitary of the Soman Catholio Church in South Australia, His Grace had been identified with the growth and development Of the Roman Catholic Gfetirch tot more than A tjuartSt of a century, and discharged the important ftmokions of the Archbishopric sihee its foundation here itt April, 1887. Archbishop Reynolds belonged to that class of men Sfhd do goad by stsalth snd blush to find it faine, being a very retiring man. He had the ^uiet, fcelf'ripreesed air characteristic of the Roman Catholic clergy who Work in the side lanes and by-wayB of the world, seeking out those who, living in the dull asmosph&e; of poverty and the plates furthest removed from the broad light of everyday life, suffer ih silenoe, and rarely proclaim to the world their woes and disappointment*. He did not belong so much to the Church militAU ai to that section of the ptieetly community Which derates itaelf to quiet work, and attains its object rather by persuasive means, goad offices, and delicate sympathy than by aggressive, energetic measures. Always accessible, he Wat prepared at any time to ender advice when sought by the consciencesmitten or waited tlpon by the irresolute. Though not of an aotive temperament, according to the broader aooeptatioa of the term, be was strong in bis sympathy with any movement calculated not only to benefit the oaute of his creed, bat the general wellbewg of " the flook," and in a more universal ssnse the good of the whole community. He was a man of broad humanity. Where genuine distress made itself manifest in bis eyes he was ever ready to lend a helping hand, bat shrank from publicity ae most sympathetic wellbalaaoed natures are wont to do. When a simple prieet he never turned a deaf ear to the wail of the mournful, but gave himself up to the w6rk of a faithful servitor of the Most High amongst Ae poorest of His oreatures, tolly realising aa he did so that it was his duty, and to him that doty was a sacred claim upon his manhood. It was not a mere matter of priestly vows with him, bht of love; he entered into the. mission of charitable labour from a Sincere conviotiou that it was every man's diity, tnd especially that of one who had taken up the priestly office. To all the people under the Church in which he ruled he was almost as well known aa the humblest member of the "sacred circle," and waa well beloved amongst them, there being none of the exblusivenecs which some who did not know his nature might have expected in the bearing of a man who had been elevated to one of the highest positions to be held in the Roman Catholio Churoh. The ceremonial observances of that Church he performed to the letter, but with it all there was a whole-heartedness which divested them of their formality and brought the object of them bome to the humblest worshipper in the Cathedral. He only exacted the merely necessary homage due to a member of the priesthood occupying the exalted position he by forae of merit had attained, and in his social moments unbent to a degree that, -while it never detracted from his dignity, yet secured his flock from any feeling of restraint when they felt a desire to approach him on matters pertaining to their spiritual welfare. A cultured student, and a gentleman in the strictest acceptation of the term, Archbishop Reynolds was one who did honour to his Ohnrch and 'credit to himself. He waa a fine classical scholar; his sermons, if not BO eloquent as those of the more nervous preaohers of the Archbishoprio, were ever marked by erudition, mingled with the simplicity and command of intelligible language that distinguishes the polished speaker and the experienced examiner of human nature. He was neither bigoted cor prejudiced; tolerant he was to those of other creeds, and was often found assisting ia benevolent enterprises outside the pale of his own Church. He took an abiding interest in the welfare of the youthful members of the Roman Catholio community, and was a constant visitor to all the institutions devoted to their early training, always having something pleasant to say to the little ones and on encouraging word for their guides, philosophers, and friends. He even entered into their sports, although not of a specially active temperament from a physical standpoint. In temperanoe he was a powerful factor; in fact he has been called the South Australian Father Mathew, never missing an opportunity of throwing the influence of his voice and example in furtherance of the cause. In eduoational matters the Archbishop took a quiet but none the less deep interest. He was not inclined for publio discussion, but his influence was felt throughout the organization over which he held spiritual coatrol. He was a man of earnest, liberal, aad generous attributes, and all the benevolent institutions, both within and without the pale of his own Churoh, had the benefit of his fostering care. The late Most Rev. Christopher Augustine Reynolds, D.D., was born ia Dublin on July 25, 1834, and began his olassioal studies under ths Carmelite Brothers of Clondslkis, near Dublin. As a lad be was studious, and as his mind developed he took an abiding interest in theological studies. From the Carmelite Convent he was sent in 1652 to the Benedictine Monastery of Lublace in the Papal States. There for three years he perfected those studies which he had eo assiduously pursued, and on leaving the monastery, the olimate not agreeing with him, he went to Western Australia with Bishop Serra, who was returning from Bome to Perth, arriving on May 24, 1S55. In Western Australia he stayed for two years studying human aature and gaining experience fcr. his priestly vocation. On March 1,1S57, be cams ta South Australia, where he was wannly received by Dr. Murphy, the first Bishop of Adelaide, who sent him to Sevenhilla to finish his studies under the Jesuit Fathers. He continaed at Sevenbills until he was ordained by Bishop Geoghagen in April, 18G0, snd plied his holy mission in various districts, winning the love of the people, to whom he made himself a guide, philosopher, and friend. After his ordination he did duty in the city for some time, and was appointed to Morphett Vale on the death of Rev. Joseph SnelL About this time the copper mines were discovered on Yorke's Peninsula, and Father Reynolds was requested to make a fortnightly visit to it, whioh he did for some years, during which he built tbe Church at Kadica. He was relieved of this hard work by Dr. Shzels, who appointed him to the mission of Gawler. On the death of Dr. Shiels the priests of the Diooese recommended him as Administrator till the Holy See would appoint a Bishop. He must have given satisfaction in his administration, for Rome ohose him Bishop of Adelaide, for which he was consecrated on November 2, 1873, the imposing ceremony of his consecration to that bifrh office being impressively pet r ormtd by Archbishop Poldmg. When in 1887 Adelaide was made an Archiepiscopal Sea Dr. Reynolds was chosen for tbe higher position of Archbishop on April 23. and waa invented with tbe pallium by His Eminence Cardinal Patriok Francis Moras on September 11,1887. a month after thk dedication of the eastern aisle of the Cathedra! by him (the Archbishop). The inveetiture of Archbishop Reynolds wct an event and a csremoey tbe significant and important character of whioh will not easily be forgotten in the oolony. The aotion of His Holiness the Pope in ths preferment of Adelaide as the seat of an Archiepiscopal Seo was regarded as aa instance of the growing importaaoe of Australia in the eyes of the world, and when it was known in the oity that the Pope had decided to mark Dr. Reynolds with his favour by making him the Ent Archbishop of the See the Roman Catholio community regarded it with the deepest satisfaction, as being io supremely signifioant in the history of the Church ta Scuth Autti-^a. The racult of thu enthusiasm roused was a rerisb of meetings ending in the resolve to complete the building of St. Franois Xavier's Cathedral, aad so present a testimonial io Arohbtehop Reynolds to prove to him how loyally the motion of the head Ot the Churoh had been responded to in the colony. Cardinal Moran came specialty from Sydney to make the investiture, and was received on arrival by 1,500 people. His Excellency the Governor (Sir William Robinson) sent his carriage io convey the Papal representative to the Bishop's Palace at West-terrace, and the Cardinal was afterwards escorted by the Guild of St. John the Baptist to St. Franois Xavier's Cathedral, where after the precentation of addresses His Eminence made aa eloquent speech, in which he acknowledged the devotedness and loyal attachment of thfe Addressees to the Roman Catholie Church. The ceremony of the investiture was carried out the next day (Sunday) with all the pomp and oircumstanoe ot the Roman Catholic Church, and apart from its sacrod associations it was a spectacle of eo gorgeous a character that the impression it created upon the vast assemblage of worehippere aad spectators was one never to be e&aeed; from the memory. Tbe music was magnificent, the air was heavy with incense, and the day a bright one—a good omen. Although tbe Cathedral baa been enlarged it #at iusiifficient to a&somt;&odate; the itaaeAfte tamtfrtgfction. The ceremony wafc most impressively p*rfofrn6d by Oard'ettl Moraii, Who Wat assisted by Dr. O'Haran (MB Secretary), DR Can (Archbishop ot Melbourne), Dr. Murphy (Bishop of Hobart), Dr. Moran (Bishop of Dunedin), Dr. Moore (Bishop of BallarAt), Dr. GibnSy (Bishop of Perth), Dr. Doha (Bishop of WilcAu&ia;), and Dr. Corbett {Bishop of Sale). After the Archbishop had been invested with the paliium a deeply earnest sermon Was preached by Bishop Moras. Archbishop , Reynolds always showed his deep sense of the solemn and responsible character of the great office imposed upon him, doing his holy work with the same quiet earnestness and unmistakable zeal that characterized his demeanoar when a simple priest, and afterwards as a Bishop. He never changed, but was always the same kindly, considerate, faithful friend of theolergy and the people. Hishaalth had been feeble for some time. About two years ago he was so seriously ill that his life was almost despaired of. This year he had been Suffering from a seme what similar attaok. Bis medical adviser waa Dr. O'Connell, who Was most assiduous in his attentions. We have bsen kindly furnished by tbe Rev. Dr. Byrne and Arohptiest Nevin with the following list of the wbrks of the Episcopate Of the late Dr. Reynolds:— CHURCHES, PRESBYTERS. AND PRIESTS. The following Churches have been efaoted in the Archdiocese oF Adelaide;— St. Paul s, Mount Gambier. St. Alphonsus, MilliOent. St. Teresa, Allandale. St. Mary's, Bordertown. St. Barnabas, Strathalbyn. Our Liady of the Rosary, Stirling Eut. St. Bartholomew, MaitlAnd. St. Bridget, Warobka. St. Columba, Yortretown. St, Aiden, Oolton. St. Canice, SnowtoWn. St. St. Vincent DePaul, Port Wakefield. St. Cecilia, Arthurtown. St. Michael's, Clare. Eoly Cross, Goodwood. St. Raphael's, Parkslde. Oar Lady of the Angels, Thebwton. Sts. John and Paul, Tarlee. St. Lawrence OToole, Eadunda. St. Andrew, Ap, Balaolava. Our Lady Help of Christians, Lower North Adelaide. Church of the Holy Ghost (Dominioan), North Adulaide. St. Mary's "Sedes Sapientue," Batalahfoad. St. Martin of Tours, BedhilL St. Malachjr'e, Mallsla. The Additions to St. Francis Xavi«r> Cathedral. The following Churches have been erected ib the new Diooese of POET AUGUSTA All Saints Cathedral, Port Augusta. Immaculate Conception, Quorn. St Thomas of Canterbury, Hookina. St. Gabriel's, Oraddook. St. Raphael's, Carrie ton. St. Dominic's, Wiilochra. St. Clement's, Melrose. St. Catherine's, Pekina. St. Virgilius, Yatlna. Sts. Philip and James, Yarrovis. St. Mary s (Immaculate Heart), George town. St. John Evangelist, Laura. St. Peter's, Gladstone. St. Agatha's, frarridy St. Luke's, Gulnare. St. James. Jamettowi St. Kilian's, Caltowie. Sts. Simon and J ode, Tafoowie. Sts. Michael and John, Terowie. St. Jos6ph, Orroroo. St. Joseph, Kooringa. Oar Lady of Mount Carmel, Dawsoa. St. Sebastian, Tongala. St. Mark's, Port Plrie. 8ts. Gerfase and Prot&se;, Wwnertowo. Holy Trinity, Crystal Brook. .The following Presbyteries have been elected in tbe Arcbdiooeee:— At Kapunda. At Mount Barker. At North Adelaide. At Balaclava. At Narraooorte. At Port Adelaide. ' At Yorketown. Presbyteries created in the new Diooese of Port Augusta are :— Bishop's residence, Port Augusta. Priest's reeidenoe, Pekina. Priest's residence, Petersburg. PRIESTS. The number of priests provided for the Archdiocese was twenty-five; and for Port Augusta, five. OTHER BUILDINGS. RELIGIOUS ORDERS, AND SOCIETIES. Other buildings erected in the Archdiocese are :—That grand Domincan Convent ofCabra, Goodwood, so admirably situated, and so well adapted for boarders. The Christian Brothers College, in which Dr. Reynolds tooksuoha laudable pride, and of whose success be wan so aooustomed to epeak. The Convent of Angas- street, where the Sisters of Mercy reside, and carry on their charitable works of education and of visiting the sick. The Kensington Convent for the Sisters of St. Joseph, who have several convents and schools under their care in the Arohdioceee. The Dominioan Convent of North Adelaide, where the Sisters of Perpetual Adoration reside. The Dominiciau Convent, Kapunda. where the Sisters devote themselves to the education of a large number of children. The Convent of Mercy at Mount Gambier. * The Catholic Refuse, Norwood, oonduoted by the Sisters of St. Joseph, and the Catholic Orphanage, Goodwood, conducted by the Sisters of Mercy. The Religious Orders introduced to the Archdiocese are:—The Carmelite Fathers of Gawler, the Sisters of Morcv, Angas-etreet and Mount Gambier, the Dominioan Nuns of Perpetual Adoration, North Adelaide, and the Christian Brothers, Wakefield-street. The Confraternities and Sodalities established are:—The Sacred Heart, Children of Mary, the Holy Family. Total Abstinence, Holy Rosary, Holy Childhood, Apostleahip of Prayer, Oirr Lady of Perpetual Succour. Of Benefit Societies.—The Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, which has several branches in ths colony, connected with wbioh are the juvenile and female branohes which have bcien recently established. The following Literary Societies have been created:—St. Patrick's, West-terrace, St. Ignatius, Norwood, St. Raphael's, Parkside, St. Laurence's, North Adelaide. It is now nearly three months ago that Archbishop Reynolds was eeized with the illness which has just ended fatally. His Gra-je had gone to Mount Barker for a change of air prior to performing tbe oleriosl duties which devolved upon him at Easter time, and with the objeat of gaining strength he made the journey into ths country. While there he was taken ill and was attended by Dr. Morier, of Nairne, and the local doctor. So Eerious was tbe attaok that the last rites of the Church were administered before he was removed to town. During Holy Week His Grace was bronght to Adelaide, where be waa attended by Dr. O'Connell, bis medical adviser lot the past twelve years. Despite all the attention which was given him by both Dr. O'Connell and Dr. Mwtan (who was consulted), the distinguished sufferer rapidly got worse, aad soon all hop&s; of his recovery were abandoned by his attendants. For two months the indomitable will power of the departed olergyman battled against nature after sownoe had been tried to its very limits to restore health to the wasted frame, but the fight was unequal, and in the end nature claimed the victory. Archbishop Reynolds had suffered a great deal for years. His primary illness was diabetes, followed by ohronio Brightfe disease and consumption, while in the later stages of suffering dropdy fcnd heart disfenefc fet ih, and the two latter ailments were the immediate cause of death. On Saturday eveftlftfe, June 10, b change for the worse in the Arohbishop's condition eefc in rapidly, and the ApoStolio benediction (toticulo mortis) was pronounced over him on Sunday. His Grace at the time summoned his diocesan oonsulten—the Vicar-General (Arohdeaoon Russell), Archprieet Kevin, the Very Rev. Dean Kennedy, and the Very Bev. G. Williams—and in their presence made the profession of futb. Death took place at about quarter to 9 o'clock on Monday morning in the presence of the Vioar- lienwal, ArchpHe&t; Kevin, and the Rev. Fathers Mctivoy, Hurley, Healy, MoMabon, and Cotgrove, who were called away suddenly from mask to aUehd fit the Archbishop sbedeide. Dr. O'Connell has been most assiduous in his attentions to htfc phtieht, and oh Stihday afternoon, while he was there, His Grace summoned all the clergy, including the Very Revs. Dean Kennedy, Of North Adelaide, and G. Williams, of Port Adelaide, to receive the Papal benediction, which was sent to His Grace by bii Holiness Pope Leo XIII. a few weeks Ago. The doctor visited the Palace again at midnight on Sufiday, and then saw that death was fait approaching. His Grace was quite conscious at the time, aad when he was informed by bis medical attendant that his end was very bear hereplied—" God's will be done; I'll pray for you. Jesus, have mercy on me; I know Fin dying." He rambled a little in his talk, but was capable Of transacting business even then, and remained oobsoious until about half an hour before be died. He toes perfectly resigned, and Dr. O Connall states that the deathbed was one of the most peaceful, happy, and blessed that ever he attended. After the Archbishop returned from Rome bis health was very precarious, And Dr. O'Oonnell had to ba in almost dally attendance on him. About two years ago he was seized with a tievero attack of bronchitis, and grave fears were expressed at the time that he would not recover. However, he rallied again, and resumed his arduous duties amid the heartfelt congratulations of his flonk who were most anxious as So the rosult of his attack. The good SisMra of Metoy from Angaa-street nursed him tnrough that illafeas, which lasted about a month. That WAi the obly time he had to lay aside the duties of bit office until his attack a* Mount Barker ls«t Marph- Even during bis last illness he gave dinetions and administered Church matters until a week or two ago Dr. Bytne,cf Kapunda, was appointeA Administrator of tne Diooese, and almost up to the time of his 'leath hit mental faoultiea remained unimpaired. When he was brought from Mount Barker Hi* Grace expressed a wish to be attended by the Jeenit lay brother, and for some weeka one brother from the Manresa at Norwood waited on bun alone, but as the illness was prolOUffed another brother Was brought from tbs College atSefenhills to Aisisft ia the nursing. They were most devoted to -their duties, and left nothing undone by wbioh they might lengthen His Grace's life. His Graoe was relieved of much bodily pain by the kind attentions of his nurses and the doctors. During the last fortbight Dr. O'Oonnell pubotUted the patient's feet and legs owing to the dropsy, and took several pints of water away, whioh relieved his patient ootuiderably. As eoon as the Arahbishop died the tolling - of the bells at St. Francis Xavier'e Cathedral and St. Patrick's Church informed the general publio of the sad event. The body will be taken to the Cathedral, aad laid in state, where solemn requiem mass will be chanted for ths repose et his soul on Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock, and then, in aeoordanoe with the evpress wish of His Grace, he will be interred at the Dominioan Convent, Oabra, The Last Illness. 