Wily He 1ever1 Iarri.d, 0 The water party was over, and the long uammer day was drawing to its lingering aloe. Thu wines of the chickens had flown away to join tho legs and breasts of all the birds that have been eaten since man first discovered the fact that cold fowl is good to eat; the pink flesh of the avenging o,beter, half hidden in its leafy re treat, like the rosy limbs of a bashful nymph taking refuge from indiscreet eyes -in a riverside thicket, had been dragged forth and devoured, and was now beginning to fulfil its dreadful mission; the champagne and the claret-cup, and the whisky and the soda-water, were all drunk, and one of the youngest of the euests was in something like the same condition, though his mother persisted in attributing his symptoms solely to the fatigues of the day. The laughing girls, in their serge dresses, and silk shirt fronts, and the bronzed, athletio lads, in their flannels and tan shoes, had distributed themselves in the different boats, and the flotiUla was drifting down the long reach in straggling procession. In the leading boat a musicalm person with a barjo was performing a radimentary version of a too popular song, and begging the oarsmen to " throw their weight on it when he came to the 'boom.' A soft wind that rose with the setting sun blew gently up the river and rutted the surface into tiny waves, the shadows of the tall poplars that stoodhero and there on the margin lay right across the stream, the moon was climbing higher and higher in the opal sky, and the ghostly bats, waking from their long sleep, were beginning to flit about like scrap of paper in a high wind. And yards behind the boat which contained the servants and empty hampersa nt dropped slowly down the stream," its oemi- 4to--avoed the noisy gaiety an rather pronouncedflirtatione of the younger membersof the party.She, acharming matron, whose girls (still in the schoolroom) and boys (notyet approaching manhood) left hlr plenty of time to take an interest in the affairs of her neighbors; and he, a middle aged man, whose careful dress and well-pre served attractions seemed to show that his chief, if not his only, care in life was that interesting personality-himself. "It was very elever of you to capture this punt, Major Singleton," the lady remarked, settling herself more luxurionusly among the ncushions. "I know Mrs Luxmore wanted that eldest girl of hers to-have it. She was trying so hard, poor thing, to get Mr Willis to offer to take her. He looked so relieved when he saw you get in. In another minute 1 believe she'd have asked him." Major Singleton laughed complacently as he straightened the craft, and -then let him self cautiously down on the floor till his long legs stretched halfway down the length of it. "I should have left him to his fate, though," he said, " if I -hadn't seen your imploringglance. Who knows what might have happened if I'd trusted myself alone with that determined-looking young woman ? Bhe looks capable ofanything-frompanting to proposing marriage." "She is," said Mrs Farquhar, with con viction. "She's verging on the desperation of nine-and- twenty, and no man under" he made an almost imperceptible pause, and looked under her eyelashes at her companion Sunder forty-six is-seafe from her." "I believe six-and-forty's a very suscop tible age," he said, stroking his monstache, and wondering whether she had noticed how grey it was. "In a year or two I shall have to begin to look out very carefully for my own safe tv." "hat humbugs men are," thought Mrs Farquhar to herself. '" And yet they talk of the vanity of women! Ile's fifty if he's a day. How o was it you never married?" she asked aloud. " Because I never met Mrs Farquhar till it -was too late," said Singleton, gallantly but insincerely. The lady blushed a little, and smiled a little gratified-smile. Then she thought of her long-legged girls at home, and she frowned austerely. " Major Singleton !" she said, with dig. "Well-Mrs Farqubar ? " "I asked you a question-perhaps an india.s areetone." ". ntd I gave you an answer-perhaps of equal indiscretion." She saw by his eyes that he was laughing at her, though his lips were concealed by the tell- tale moustache. For a moment she would have liked to box his ears for having made her think he was in earnest, and then she laughed too. - " No-but seriously- 1" said Mrs Far qunhar. " Seriously, what ?" " Why did you never- get married 2" At this moment there came a violent bump en the side of the punt, and Mrs Farquhar's Japanese umbrella and Major Singleton's straw hat flew over the side into the river. The lady screamed-not so prettily as she would 'havo done bad she had time to think about it-and the man was on his feet and grasping his hole in a second. A boat containing a party of belated 'Arries had shot suddenly out of a backwater, and (the ooxswain being more occupied with a concertina than with his rudder-lines) had caught the punt right amidships, and as nearly as possible put her over. "Confound you, you clumsy - " began the Major, indignantly, glaring at the effending crew; then, remembering who it was that he had in charge, he dropped his voice. "Really, 1 wish you'd be more care ful, sir; you can't expect to have the whole river to yourself at this time of the year." The young men, relieved to find that they had not run into a bridge or gone over a weir, were apologetic, and expressed their sorrow in suanitable terms. They rescued the hat and umbrella-both rather the worse for their wetting-and rowed off as fast as they could, before it should be discovered that a plank in the punt had been started. Mrs Farquhar smoothed her ruffled feathers, and con descended to smile again. As for the major, he lighted acigarette and sat down in his old place. " You asked me a question just now," he said, after a paune, blowing away a cloud of smoke, and watching it as it melted away to leeward, " and that bump gave you the true answer." "I asked you why you had never married." "Exactly. It was because of an accident that happened when I was in a boat with a lady." -Hespoke in a low, serioustone,and a dreamy sort of look came into his eyes, as if at the recollection of an old sorrow. Mrs Farquhar was touched by his manner, and half put out her hand. " I-I am so sorry," she murmured. " Was -wasshledrowned P' Pray forgive me. I never heard of it." "it was a long time ago," - said Singleton, looking not at her, butat the distant woods, still with the same gleam of recollection in his eyes. "Fifteen-twenty years. Heavens, how old we're all getting-I'm speaking for myself." Could it have been an echo that murmured, S Bpeak for-your self?" "flat I have never forgotten It, nor never shall Ire been a good deal among women atdifferenttimes, and-well, I've generally managed to make myself as agreeable to them as other men. More than once-more than twice -I have been on the verge of forgetting the promise I made-" " To her 7" " No,to myself. Shall I tell you about it ? J)o yon eare to hear a story of what happened twenty rears ago, when you were in the nursery. "If it's not a very painful story," rmurmured Mrs Farquhar, looking curiously at Singleton, and wondering whether he was goin% to cry; for the corners of his lips twite ed, andlhis eyes avoided bhrs. " It was, asl said, nearly twenty years ago," he said, slowly. " I was little more than a boy then-a perfect boy still In some things. Iwas at home on leave-my first leave-from Malta, and I was enjoying my self immensely. !l had plenty of money, I Imew a heap of people of all kinds, and no daywaslong enoughforme thatsummer. And then I met Vera-Vera-never mind her other name ; I never tihink of her as anything hut Vera. Ah !hwat apretty girlales wasj I can see her now as I first sawhsr atacrush in Lennor Gardeus-no, Queen's Gate standing against a mass oftnopical plantsthat seeds a background for her tell, grace. 1 fel figure. She was dressed all in 1 white, like a bride; and the absence of color in her toiletto enchanced the brilliancy of her complexion and the metallia gleam of her oopper-colored hair, which was piled in heavy masses-you re memberI'm speaking of 20 years ago-on her emal head. I aever wasso struck by a woman heforeor since usat nieht. I simply toed and stared at herzeanclthe man who i had brought me told me afterwards that I ' looked ai if I'd seen a ghost, " Ho pulled me gently away in the direc. C *lol of Lbs room where the champagne oup a was-for he. was, a thirsty beggar-and forced a tumbler into my hand. 1 drank offe the wine mecohanioally, and he patted me kindly on the back. ' Feel betternow, don't you ' he said. ' Who was it, old chappie your tailor?' "Tho word recalled me to my senses, and I shuddered, I remember. "' My tailor-what- where? I stammered. "' I don't know. Ionly asked if you'd seen him,' he said. "'My tailor? Whatdo yon mean?' "Well, you never know whom you may meet at this house, and hbs probably a good deal more presentable than some of the men. "'Rubbish 1' Isaid. 'It was that girl in white standing against the ferns-that girl with the glorious hair. Didn't you see her, or are you blind?'' " 'Oh 1' he said, ' you mean Hiss il Parker.' " " I thought you'd let out her name before long," Mrs Farquhar said, smiling slily. Singleton went on without heeding her. "Well. he told me all about her. Said she was theedaughter of a man-of very good famiily, but as poor as a church mouse; that she was expected to marry a man with money, but that she was getting a little bit off color- that was his brutal expression sand that this would be her last season in town, because there were three other daughtors behind. " "' Sho's been rather unlucky,' he said. e 'She's been very ill all the spring, and this is a her first appearance this year. She'll have a to look sharp if she means to do any good a before Goodwood.' I thought of all this Siafterwards, though I hardly noticed his r words at the time, and only asked him to Sintroduce me to the beauty. I wondered whether her fatliherwouldconaider me ' a man h with money,'-idoas'vary soon thepoint." " That they do,"' assented Mrs Farquhar, s thinking, perhapsthat her own had varied a y good dealsinoe she, wasseventeen. e "Well, I was'introduced. And I won't g bore you with what followed. These things ) always run the same course, and the more it they change the more they'rethe same thing. e I fell in love with her, as they say, at first s- ight; and Idare say I made myself a great \- spectaole to my friends. For a month I fol is lowed her everywhere; found out where she it was going, and moved heaven and earth to get invitations to those houses; waited hours is in the park on the chance of seeing her, and I, behaved altogether as lovers always do." " And she-?P" asked Mrs Farquhar. d " And-she-well, she didn't dislike me from is the first, and I could soon see that her is mother didn't dislike me either, and I began Id tobevery happy.Tn a monthafterImet her first ;e I made up mind to ask her to marry me. Just then her mother asked me to a picnic up is the river-quite a small affair given for the \- benefit of a set of children, nephews and g nieces, home from school. This was my last If chance-for they were to go back to the country two days after-and I s, meant to take it. That was, I ir think, the happiest day of my life. I it devoted myself to her from merning till is night, and she seemed as happy as I was. ? Poor Vera! We neither of us thought how g the day was going to end. Well, it came to an end at last, and I was \- to row'her back in a little boat that only held a two. It was a most perfect evening, and \- as we drifted down the river I was too full d of happiness to talk. She made such In a pretty picture, sitting under an umbrella as you are doing now, with her hat an gloves \- off, making believe to steer, that I simply sat s, and looked into her eyes, and she sat and w smiled at me I think now that she must re have been rather a stupid girl, for it seems to a me that it was always I who talked-and if I happened not to talk, there ra was generally silence. I was a little if nervous too, for I didn't quite know a what I was going to say. At last she e roused herself and said looking up at the sky, and sighing: it " ' Oh, what a pleasant day this has been! it How long will it be before I have each another, I wonder?' a " My heart sprang into my mouth, and I f said: ' "' Has it been a pleasant day, Vera ?' " It was the first time that I had called her Vera, and she looked quickly at me, and thee east down her eyes. "' Very,' she whispered; and then she .sighed again." "Yes." said Mrs Farqnhar, approvingly. if "I know that sigh. It's very effective when it's done properly ; but it wants practice." g "Isaid: 'Whydo you say it will be so a long before you have another so happy ?" e "'We going back to Devonshire to-mor g row, you know,' she said. S "She was knotting the ends of the rudder. lines together all the time, and looking at them intently. "'Then,' I said, nervously, 'has your happiness anything to do with-with being near '-I was going to say me, but I changed p my mind at the last minute and said, 'near s town?" a "She smiled a little, and shook her head very slowly. Then she raised her eyes, and e looked at me, still smiling. The next moment e I shipped my sculls carefully, and leaned forward till I could take her hand. e "'Vera," I said, my own love!' a " The words had scarcely passed my lips y when I heard a loud, hideous nlaugh close to g us, and I saw a boatful of hateful-looking h men moored under a large tree that thrrw its it branches over the river, who were grinning r at us like so manymonkeys. I forgot where I was, and jumped up in a passion. The a boat gave a violent luroh and Vera a loud ea scream, and I slipped. I tried to fall over. t board oleanly to save her, but it was too late. s I fell right abross the gunwhale, and cap \- sized the boat in the middle of tne river in ten Sfeet of water." " Couldn't you swim?" said Mrs Farquhar Sbreathlessly. " Oh, yes, like a dusk; but Vera couldn't. SWhen I'd cleared the water out of my eyes I Ssaw her clinging to the boat, which was Sonly just above water-sunk to its bear ings, as the sailors call it. I shouted to her to keep still, and went to her help as fast as I could. But I had dropped a fw yards down the stream; and, having all my cloehes on, I couldn't swim fast. She i screamed and struggled, and tried to climb into the boat-which was, of course, the B worst thing she could do. Just as I reached her it sank altogether, and she went down with it. I plunged forward, and just as she was disappearing I caught her by the only thing I could see-her beautiful bronce hair. SAnd the whole thing came away~in my hand r "Poor thingl" cried Mlra Farquhar, with real sympathy in her tone. " And she was drowned, I suppose?" No, the next minute her head came up again-such a funny head, all covered with short red fur, like a for-and I managed to take hold of her under the arms, and got her to the bank: and there she sat down and began to cry." " Y, said Mrs Frquhar, ritically," I suppose that this was her only ehanco. And what did you doP" "I'll tell you what I did not do," said Singleton; I didn't finish the sentence be ginning' Vera, my own love.'" "And that was the reason you never mar ried 1" " Yes," said Singleton. And he added, 1otto voce, " That and a few others." Mrs Farquhar pondered for a few moments, and then asked suddenly: " And what became of the wig?" "I don't know," said Major Singleton. Vanity Fcair. 