THE LEGEND OF THE CYCLE. Every sport has its story (says Cycling), but hitherto the chroniclers oi cycling have overlooked an interesting legend which deals wkh a pre-hi-toric period of our universally popular sport, and which many Germans claim as the invention of the cycle by a countryman of theirs. The startliog events we are about to narrate occurred nearly 250 years ego, and the present is an appropriate time for retelling. The works of Herr Casthaus contain particulars of a remarkable inventor—a namesake of the contemporary poet Herkoff— who met with a tragic end. Unfortunately, tbfl details are too meagre to afford a reliable record. However, the incident took place in the reign of Frederick the Great, who was born at Cologne, on the Spree, in 1620, and died in 1688. Among other notabilities in his army was one Herkoff—"a Watch maker by trade, a soldier by conscription—famed for his height, which reached the goodly altitude of 6ft, 8iq. Unfortunately, this made him conspicuous, and in battle he lost both feet, and returned to his native village and original calling, pensioned by a grateful country. Reduced to being pushed about in a sort of go-cart by his wife, who was long of tongue as she was strong of arm, be set about devising a vehicle in winch he could move about without her help—and abuse. Naturally mechanical his watch maker skill stood him in good stead, and after long toil end many experiments be at last produced a machine containing a series of very strong springs, which could be wound up so as to materially assist the power generated ty his legs—or rather, what remained of them —and his arms. So Jong had he been about his eeli- iuipoeed task that the whole country side became interested in bis scheme, and when the eventfnl day arrived for a public trial of his machine an enormous audience assembled. Towards evening he turned out, and after adjusting the springs, oiling up, and other manipulations which always seem necessary on such occasions, he started down the village street, with his better halt walking m the rear. At first the cumbersome cycle went stiffly, but the inventor was confident, and between turning on another spring and increased arm power bis speed rapidly increased, and the crowd, such as were not awe struck, an easy matter in that superstitious age, cheered lustily. The old soldier was radiant; his wif<2 was left far behind. The speed continued to increase —then, too late, he remembered he had forgotten to provide any means of stopping. Wildly did hn call to the spectators to catch him, but they were either too nervous of the infernal machine, as they cal ed it, or it was too quick It even outpaced the champion runner of the village, and fire begun to lly from the iron shod wheels as they bounded over the flinty road. A steep bill in front gave hope to poor Herkoff, but it was like a down grade to the demoniacal wheels. A party of country people returning from a neighboring market met him at the top of the hill. They fled terrified as he rose into the air, and they watched him vanish into space. Fearful was t!:e account they gave of his awfal appearance—eyes of fire, hair grey (it was raven black when he mounted the fated steed an hour earlier), coat tails flying behind, with haggard, worn, and unearthly expression of countenance. On, on sped the magical machine—nothing could stop it—nothing check its wild course. Reports came in from all parts of the country of people being frightened by a spectre on a flying machine, rushing through space. At last only a skeleton was left, but the bones held together and frantically worked the machinery, which with the lightened weight and absence of friction was eeea entering a dense forest in Bohemia months after it started. From this time it was 6een but seldom, though at the beginning of this century it was often spoken of, and in some very remote parts* ot the Black Forest even now it is rauked among the ghosts ol that prolific district. Suffice it to say that Herkoff was never more heard of—he did not ever return to claim his patent—so that a check was given to cj cle invention from which it did not recover for over two centuries, and even now a remnant of belief in the tragic late of Herkoff is to be found in the extra stiong brakes fitted to German made cycles—a point visitors to the Fatherland and manufacturers in this country have often wondered at, and which is now explained for the first time in an English paper. | 1 A German in S\ L'?ni.-» hp a euccKviud in ! luoiii>i> sw'.v.ir irao l^U gus, turning ag ' b.ightly as ll&t; made of coals. 