HERE AUDJHERE, By the Man About Town, It’s a terrible thing sometimes to oe a re presentative of royalty. The Viceroy of Ireland has many consolations. He can kiss the youthful debutantes at hia court, and if some be a trifle off color in the way of youth, they are proportionately grateful. Even the Viceroy of India can get away to the Hills, and the diversions of Simla are of an exciting, not to say spicy, order. But out in Australia a Governor has sometimes a sultry time of it. He has generally a large stock of orders on hand for opening buildings, bazaars, etc. He is expected to say something new about anything at the shortest notice, and to be widely interested in everything from ensilage to calisthenics or esoteric Buddhism. He has frequently to travel long distances with mexnberB of Parliament! He has a larger visiting book than any other citizen, and, consequently, is more frequently bored. But the unkindesfc cut of all must be when he has to read what it costs to entertain him. * * * * ' “Please ask the Governor to come to our show,” wrote a North-Western Show Secretary the other day to the local member. With his usual courtesy, the Governor was willing to go. “Is it good enough P* wired back the cautious member, and then it was found that it would cost some thirty pounds to give the visitor a suitable reception. On this followed discussion, and it was finally decided that, in the present state of affairs, it “wasn't good anough.” Of course, the show authori ties are quite right in being careful of the members’ funds, but they might have left the Grovernor out of it until they had made up :heir minds. It isn’t customary to ask a man :o dine with you, and then let him know what it costs you. Here s a paragraph from a leading Lon don newspaper, the “Daily News”:—“On the occasion of a recent theatre party given by the hon. \V. A. Zeal, President of the New South "Wales Legislative Assembly, the whole of the stalls and dress circle of the Princess’s Theatre, Melbourne, was reserved for the guests, who included Borne prominent members of society as well as politicians.” Surely a paragraph this full of points! Esther sets the example in style for colonial writers. If Mr Zeal had been mado the President of the New South Wales Legislative Council it would not have been so bad. But a Speaker usually presides in the House to which the term Assembly is applied in any Parliamentary system. Again, it is interesting to hear that “many prominent members of society were present, as well as politicians.’' The implied distinction be tween the former and the latter claBS in this remarkable paragraph suggests reflec tion of a far more serious character than those provoked by its appallingly mixed geogrgaphy. It is interesting to notice the amount of tender solicitude . manifested with regard to Sir Henry Norman’s unexpected appoint ment. Now, if anyone is likely to be com pletely educated with regard to affairs Indian, it certainly should be a man who has spent the greatest part of his life in India in the dual capacity of soldier and diplomatist. Yet certain aristocratic circles in England and India profess to he agitated lest the new Viceroy Bhouldnot be capable of dealing firmly with such important questions aB may arise. Had the Gladstone Govern ment appointed to the undoubtedly difficult office, say, the head of one of the noble families in England, with an experience limited to Downing street and St. James’, would there have been such anxiety ? I trow not. The only parallel which occurs to me at the moment is the picture of a number of elderly spinsters cautioning a successful bookmaker against risking his money on the turf, while thecallow youth passes by to plunge on a dead bird. There is a powerful flavor of hypocrisy and jealousy in the pitying, doubting congratu lations tendered to the gallant old Boldier who, if his record be any criterion of his quality, should be well qualified to deal with the possible dangers which menace our Indian Empire. By the way, a Russian paper has expressed an opinion on this sub ject which ought not to be wholly over looked. ^ ^ The Metropolitan Board of Works ought to have painted a colored window, designed after the idea of the familiar Pears’ Soap advertise ment. One pane ought to represent the poet, philosopher, ’financier, Eitz Gibbon stretching forth his hand to reach an inac cessible loan, and be marked with the legend •‘He won’t be happy till he gets it;” and the second pane ought to represent the same dear old Eitz holding up the coveted prize, “ Now he’s got it 1” Of course, Mr Eitz Gibbon would never consent to be painted naked, like the little boy in the pic ture, but that could be overcome, I dare say. Everyone is glad he has got it. He deserved it. His interest in the sewerage question is so deep and real. And, by the way, it is not true, I am authorised to say, that the bard has written an epic poem, “ To a Main Sewer,” dedicated to Councillor M'Mahon. Thero arc some points about being a ghost. Ghosts go where they like, haunt whom they please, don’t nay any income-tax,' are not worried about politics,, do not have their money locked up in reconstructing banks, and don’t even have rows about their washing bill, because the fluttering robes they wear i never want washing. Better still, if you are a erhost, you have solemn, learned people ex citing themselves in the investigation of you. The study of ghosts is, in fact, one of the most | absorbing pursuits on the cards. Mr W. T. j Stead, with hiB wonderfully shrewd eye for the business side of things, has even estab lished a spooky magazine called “Border land,’’ about which everything is to be ghostly, except the profits. LaBt of all, a 1 numbe- of gentlemen in Melbourne, compris I ing Mr Astronomer Ellery, Professr Laurie, Dr Symc.Dr Strong andProfeBSor M‘Alpine, of the Government Botanist’s department, have formed the nucleus of a Melbourne Psychical Eesearch Society, which is shortly to bepublioly floated. I understand that it is to sit for the collection of evidence, like the Sweat ing Board (there is a shocking lot of “sweat ing” where the ghosts come from!) and ghosts are to be called as witnesses. Iam sure and hope they will be successful. At present I regard so-called “familiar spirits” as being considerably “ under proof,” but I have an open mind on the subject. I trust the Society will give particular attention to Australian native spooks, bunyips, “an’ sich.” They have never been properly investigated by psychical students, and there is no reason why an Australian bunyip shouldn't be as | good as, say, an Irish banshee, or anoldEuglish family spectre. In faot, if the native article does not get justice done, I shall, with the editor’s permission, use this column for con ducting ar agitation in favor of taxing im ported spirits and protecting the local article, and for having the former stamped, as is pro posed to be done with Chinese furniture. So juBt let Mr Ellery and Professor Laurie look out 1 The evils of the opium habit, have they not been told by thousands of orators and writers who—never knew what it was. A De Quincey is not found at every street comer, and it is not easy to imitate his “ con essione.” Of course, it is my plain duty to' believe that both tobacco and opium shorten people’s lives. Ocoasionaly one do^s J indeed come aoross a hard case— a man, for instance, hale and hearty at eighty or ninety, who has smoked and chewed tobacco from boyhood. Once, too, I recollect, when in virtual quarantine, a woman of over eighty,who had volunteered aid to the sick when younger nurses were not to be obtained, sat down with me before the fire each evening, and we mingled our re spective clouds of tobacco smoke. So far as I know, she is alive yet, and always enjoys her pipe. But what of a case just reported by Mr E. H. Parker, who has been writing to the Eng lish papers about the mines in Burmah. Mr Parker says :—“ At the second mine there is an old Chinese patriarch ; he is 75 years of age, and has been 40 years in the country, smoking opium steadily all the time. He keepBa drug shop, andseemB to be very much respected in the neighborhood.” No wonder. That man has earned a title to respect. One who can smoke opium steadily for 40 years might fairly be regarded as establishing a record in his own particular line. Hard cases are said to make bad laws. Unquestionably the case of that ancient Celestial plays the deuce with some cherished notions. “Some queer stories are afloat in the Runnymede district,” writes a correspon dent, “ with reference to the Jorgensen episode. Among others, it is rumored that a newly - married lady in tends to take divorce proceedings against her husband on the ground that on one occasion when she—the wife— was in ill-health he slept in the same room as Miss Jorgensen.” If the wives of all tho men who may have happened to occupy the same room as Miss Jorgensen, during her career in masquerade, elect to take the same view as the lady alluded to, there will be trouble. 