The Cost of lCodera Peace. Peace reigns to-day in Europe, as "order" once "reigned" in Warsaw: and the satire concealed in each statement is equally obvious. The "peace" which broods over Europe to-day has nothing pastoral about it. It will inspire no poet. It does not in the least suggest any " golden age," past or future. It is. an " armed" peace, bristling with bayonets that rise to, ÇYer-thickening battalions, like the spears of grass on an Australian- plain after the spring rains. There is food, indeed, for infinite meditation of a perplexed tragical sort, on the- stupendous precautions which the great nations of the Continent think it necessary to take against each other. War is supposed to be costly, with its arresting industry, its waste of life, its--desjbroction of cities and of fleets. But no" wars" known to history, from these of Attila and Ghengis Khan down to the first Napoleon, levied fines so enormous on the resources of nations as does the iron peace which, at the cost of turning every adult male in continental Europe into a soldier, is maintained in the Old World. France closed the fatal war of 1870-1 by conceding two provinces to Germany and paying a fine of 5,000,000,000 francs, say £200,000,000 sterling. There have been 21 years of " peace" since then, and during these happy years France has actually spent die almost incredible sum of 700 million pounds sterling in preparing for war ! That is to say, this very much disguised peace costs her every seven years a vast sum than the istupendouStWar indemnity which her victorious and ruthless foe extorted from her in the hour, of hopeless defeat. Bismarck, when he exacted the five milliards, believed, in his own brutal phrase, that he was bleeding France to the white." But since then France has expended more than three and a half times the amount which Bismarck wrung, from her in preparations for a war of revenge. The scale to which modern armies have grown might well perplex the ghosts of all the great generals of history, from Alexander the Great down to Wellington, for they never dreamed of such hosts. The modern Continental system of universal military service makes every adult healthy male during the prime of his life a soldier, three years' being actually spent in the > barracks.. The German experts reckon that the French military, system will yield ' i0f>3.000 trained soldiers. Russia is grinding her sons into potential food for slaughter, on an even greater scale, and her generals will have the disposition of 4,556,000 men. Germany thus is liable to a simultaneous attack on both frontiers by military forces amounting in the aggregate to 8,000,000 men. This is a prospect which might have shaken the serene and steadfast courage of Moltke him sell To meet it German statesmen have brought forward their new military Bill, which represents the very last turn of the conscription screw. AU exemptions from military service are to be swept away, and 70,000 more recruits are to be crowded yearly into the barracks. The period of service under the colours is to be slightly abridged, but the entire male population of Germany is to defile through the barrack gates, and spend from two to three years on the, barrack drill ground, \sThe result, when the new system is " fully éVvêEapcd will be to bring up the fighting strength of Germany to 4,400,000 men, thus reach- ing the level of France, who, it is calculated, " has reached the last limits of her ability to increase her fighting strength." France, bowler, has a population of only 38,000,000 as against Germany's 50,000,000, and the tension must be much greater in France than in Germany. The new German Army Bill provides for enormous additions of war material, and adds four million pounds sterling to the existing area- budget of ,¿£20,000,000 This is to be met by-the imposition of new duties, and increases, the burden of taxation to a point which perplexes German statesmen, and makes Socialism spread like a conflagration. It is impossible not to speculate on the character of the next war, when it arrives. The armies will be on a scale which may well drive the generals themselves to despair. For what single human brain is capable of controlling the movements of an army which, in numbers, resembles a flight of locusts, and which, by mere bulk, must cover the whole area of a province, and require the territory of a decent-sized state for its evolution. These hosts, moreover so overwhelming in numbers, will be armed with implements of destruction which might move the envy of Milton's fallen angels in their assault on heaven. France has just tried on a small scale and on, the bodies of the King of Dahomey Amazons, the efficacy of her new Lebel rifle. The Amazons made their attack in the early dawn, and the Lebel rifle, when fairly turned upon them, resolved the charging horses into a regular human hash" to quote the almost too graphic phrase of the delighted French authorities. "The effects of the Hotel bullets' it is declared, " are a revelation to every one." They passed through solid trees as through pats of butter, and acted on human bodies with the binding force of exploding shells; Each nation in I turn has its favourite rifle, which it hopes will shoot faster and further, and with more dreadful effect, than the rifle of the enemy. The rifle is, of course, only a day as compared with the machine guns, the huge rifle cannon which can actually fling a shell over the summit of Mount Blanc or drive a conical hall through twenty feet of cement and brick work faced with twelve inches of solid iron. The next great war, when it breaks out, will plainly be a peril to civilisation itself. The days of " war with limited liability," too, are past and who can imagine the indemnity, in the shape of surrendered provinces and uncounted gold, which, say, a victorious France will extort from Germany, bleeding, defeated, and hopeless) - The very scale to which modern war has grown, and the tremendous risks it involves, make responsible statesmen, of cour, e, more eager for peace. The Emperor WILHELM gave the signal for the great war of 1870-1 by flashing along the wires to his waiting generals a single word. But who dare whisper: the syllable to-day which would set perhaps 10.0QO,OQO soldiers armed with weapons of unknown range on the march It would be like giving the signal for the explosion, not of one Krakatoa but of a hundred, and yet if the risks of war are almost too much for human courage, the actual burden of peace-of tile <f armed " quality which at present prevails is almost too much for human endurance. A genersLdisarmftment would practically add two years of working life-to every adult male on the European continent, and would turn into channels of peaceful industry s gigantic river of gold, now running to mere waste in the creation of fortresses,- guns, ironclads, and all the terrific paraphernalia of war The vast armaments of modern states may be looked upon as mere premiums paid for safety. The right to exist can only be purchased at this amazing cost. How fortunate are we in these sunny lands thaN dwelling in safety under the blood- red" flag of the mother- land, we escape the enormous war taxes of the Old World! Australasian 