GRETA. Amusements-Past, Päesent, and to Comb. There have been quite a surfeit of amusements, charitable and otherwise, in this town lately, and the " boom" is apparently only setting in. Since the departure of Mr. Ryland's circus a weak or two ago, we have had the Payne family, three concerts, a social and ball, a shooting gallery, and the "Romer Brothers' Variety Company." The last-named occupied {for a few minutes) the boards in Mr. Page's Hall on Friday night, and attempted to please the gods, bub it seems their efforts were not appreciated. I was not present, bub am told | the entertainment waa not what the bills repre- ' eented it to bo. I have read the programme and studied in open-mouthed awe the mighty posters, ' and have thought that " this must indeed be the boss show of the century if these bills are correct;" but, alas1. Since then I have been informed that *' the bills and posters were the best of the show." Well, I don't know. I only know that our disap-1 pointed young men only gave the company about 30 minutes' trial, and then they rose up as one man and boosted them off the stage. This accom- plished, the gentle boys proceeded to open a fresh performance-unrehearsed-on their own several hooks, and for a time the scene in the hall is stated to have been awful. No real mischief or damage to persons or property, understand, but an utter giving way to Is worth of indignation and animal spirits. Local Romeos and Don GosBars strutted about on the stage, and extempore Hamlets strode about in gloomy silence or off .red (for a considera- tion) to " make ghosts of the legitimate actors at the shortest notice." " The poor players"-literally bo on this oacaaion 'tis said-had the " bawbees" safe «nough, so they grinned affably through it all, and enjoyed the impromptu entertainm nt to its utmost. The moral of all this apparent rowdyism is that inferior>companies need not try to gull the Greta boys with fiaring posters. It is not of the slightest use to try it, for they know a good play here as well as anywhere in the colony. This bit of a rumpus will give a good opening to a certain " stockman" who is juBt now engaged traducing the young men of Greta in the columns of a con- temporary. He will doubtless fairly screech with joy over it, and will run and borrow some more paper, sharpen the stab of his pencil, and continue " a flying trip through Greta," but this will not matter. I regret the youths of this plaoe should have given him, or any others, this chance of maligning them, but assort bhey had good reason to protest, if the entertainment -was no better than stated. Whoever heard tell of a charitable enter- tainment-no matter how commonplace-being in- terrupted in Greta ? Our boys know what they are about. The CoiiMert.-The pit has worked five days to date for next pay, but there isa rumour current that this (Monday) will be the last for some time. Our shipping in port is said to be all loaded, so it /will he a case of " spell oh !" till more arrives. Theatrical.-In defiance of the rowdy name ifttis town gets from certain cowardly, norn de plume, would-be-press correspondents, we are again to have a visit from a theatrical company, who played here *o hamper houses some weeks ago. The coming troupe-Her Majesty's Dramatic Company-will open in the Oddfellows' Hall on Tuesday night, in ?4 i'Xhß Miner's Daughter," and will also occupy the boards on the following evening. The company is , Wd to have given satisfaction when last here. Weathkr. - The morniags are now dull and f"f uy, with cold raw winds, but thedaya have been bracjng and enjoyable. It is rather dull this mi.cruing, however and we are apparently about to experience a change of weather. There is rain hanging about. Weonesdat's Social.-It seems that I have in- advertently given offence in certain quarters by not naming all the children that sang and other- wise performed at the above reunion. I am sorry for this, but admit no part of the fault, as the Mercury is not a medium for the circulation of a list of children's names, but rather a journal dc~ voted to the publication of current interesting news. I wilfully omitted none of the perforiere names-not even that of my own son, who gave a <*ong and wasn't mentioned in the report,-and there being no programme to guide me, I had just to collect what news I sent haphazard. Sincerely trusting that this explanation may appease the " indignation" of those who fancy themselves slighted. Charitable Concert.-A concert will be held in the Oddfellows' Hall here on tho 12th of June, in aid of the widow and family of the late Alfred Nuttall, who met his death at Anvil Creek. As I before stated, this unfortunate man left a wife and a small helpless family behind bim, and their cir- cumstances not beinr of the best, the above effort will be made in their behalf. Football.-The Greta Rugby Football Club journeyed to Singleton on Saturday last, and met a team of the Singleton Football Club in the first round of thi First Junior Badge Competitions, and after a very friendly and exciting game, the match resulted in a win for Greta by 19 to 3. The game was started by Singleton kicking off, and their for- wards following up, they had all the best of the play for the first tea minutes, keeping the ball in the Greta 25, till J Bichardson relieved by a long punt out of touch, and .> rom that throw in, Greta forwards by a good dribble, took the ball opposite the Singleton goal, where Dunn drew first blood by kicking a goal fi nu the field, and soon after B, Bichardson scored a rry, but the kick for goal was a failure. There wuk no further score made before half-time, the. gaim- standing-Greta, 7 points | Singleton, nil. '! he second-half was started by Greta kicking off ¡ the ball wa* well returned by Singleton, when Shade, following up well, scored hrst ti y ter Singleton ; Maguire failed to add to the scote. From the kick-out Greta by a good rush took the ball to the Singleton end, and after some heavy scrimmages Spinks secured the ball and scored a ti y, but the kick at goal was again a failure. On resuming play again, Dunn kicked another goal from ihe field, and after some good passing by Greta Soinks scored his second try, and Musgrove kicked a goal from it. No side was called soon after, the game standing-Greta, 19 points; Singleton, 3 points. For the winners all played their best to win. Maguire, M'Millan, Shade, and Sheehan played well for Singleton. Mr. Yoath acted as referee, and gave every satis- faction, giving his decisions quickly and to the point. Greta, May 29, 1893. 