©rijginai Paper. JUBILEE ^STWAL— CHEIST CHUECH, GEELONG. The remarkable, success whioh has attended the jubilee of the Church of England in: Geelong, and the widespread interest which it has awakened, suggest that something more should be placed on record than a chronicle of services and meetings. Successful execution ? implies a well-devised plan, and a plan presupposes material on which it is based. Very much depended in this instance on the terminus a quo, the epoch from which to count the 50 years. If Melbourne had had its jubilee, would that terminus have been the 'first visit on Easter Sunday, 1838, of Bishop Broughton, or was it the laying of the foundation-stone of St. James' Church a vear or two later, or shall we go back to a still earlier date when Sir Bichard Bburke granted the five acres of land in Collins-street West, at the corner of William street? In future years we. shall in reference to our cathedral attach more importance to. the Festival of the Conversion of St. Paul, when it was consecrated, than to the day on which the first stone was laid by the Marquis of Normanby. The ministrations of our Church in the colony were initiated almost simultaneously at three different centres of population, Portland being in advance of the other two, Melbourne somewhat later, Geelong taking the third place. In each of those settlements, as we may term them, lay agency was, nr the first instance, the moving power. The earliest services were con ducted at Portland by the Henty family, at Melbourne by Mr. James Smith, and at Geelong by Mr. Charles Sladen. Modest buildings of brick or weatherboard served for those primitive congregations; or, perhaps, a Government building was on the Sunday applied to sacred purposes. There was in action a manifest law of development, and we cannot but look back with gratitude to men who in the ' day of small things' showed their zeal and earnestness; , In the founding of the Church of England in Geelong, circum stances favoured the occurrence of a day in which lay agency was able to surrender to clerical hands the work that had been so well initiated. In the year 1843 the Bishop of Australia, William Grant Broughtonj D.D., paid his second visit to this province of his vast diocese, and, before reaching the metropolis, landed in Geelong. He was the first ordained man — bishop, priest, or deacon — that had set foot in this picturesque township. At that date, September 28th, no service had yet been conducted in any building that was ; Church property. The population had scarcely reached a thousand} but lay agency had. done a true pioneering work. Two years before, in 1841, when the numbers did not exceed 450, a sum equal to a pound a head had been collected for the building of a church. The members of our communion had assembled regularly in the courthouse, and a brick school had been erected at one corner of the two-acre allotment that had been granted for church purposes by the Sydney Govern ment. No time was lost in conducting the Bishop to the churchcsite, an admirable position in the very centre of the future town, midway between Corio Bay and the Barwon River, and commanding views of scenery that have always found enthusiastic admirers. One requisite, however, was wanting. Mr. Sladen and his coadjutors reported to the. Bishop all that had been done and the sum that had been sub scribed, but no architect had been asked to supply a design. The . episcopal visitor, however; was not baffled by this omission, but proceeded to do what has become quite historic— namely, to sketch a small ecclesiastical building on the back of a letter, such as could be forwarded to Mr. Blacket, of Sydney, the eminent architect, and which did in fact closely resemble the church that was afterwards erected. Ten days elapsed before Saturday, October 7th, on which the first stone was laid, and these sufficed for procuring a ground-plan, digging the foundations, and fitting the brick schoolhouse with com munion rails, holy table, and other requisites for Divine Service. It may be added that the Bishop in the same interval supplied the printer with a ' form of service' to be used at the laying of the stone, one special feature of which is this formula: — 'I lay this, as the foundation. and corner stone of a church, to be built in this place, to be named Christ. Church, as dedicated to God who was in Christ reconciling the world unto Himself, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right catholic faith which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' A soiled copy of this paper has survived the half -century and serves especially to fix the exact date— October 7th, 1843 — placing it: beyond the reach of all uncertainty. It happens also that a copy of the Geelong Advertiser, dated Monday, October 9th, 1843, is extant at the office of that paper, in which the incident of the previous Saturday is faithfully recorded. 'The ceremony of laying the stone,' we are told, 'was performed in a plain, impressive manner, and the discourse which the Bishop delivered subsequently was remarkably clear, comprehensive, and to the purpose. He remarked especially that however important the duties in which he had been engaged, and the exhortations whioh he had delivered in his sojourn here, they were of a transient character compared to the great work then in hand, the benefits of which would descend to their chil dren and to their children's children to the remotest posterity.' The laying of the stone was followed by the consecration of the Church of England portion of the cemetery, and' on the following day (Sunday, the 8th) the schoolroom was opened for Divine Service, the Lord's Supper was for the first time celebrated, sixteen young persons were confirmed, and eighteen children baptised; so that the Bishop was enabled to mark his visit by the performance of almost every function of his sacred office, inclusive of the preparation of the confirmees. The Geelong festival is thus seen not only to commemorate a distinct date, but the date itself is encircled with every incident that could tend to mark the foundation not only of a building of stone and mortar, but the first ministration of the word and sacraments. These were the historic faots that, had to be commemorated in connection with the proposed Jubilee Festival. A minor circumstance added to the interest of the occasion— that the days of the week corresponded to those of the Bishop's visit; but this is a peculiarity of jubilees, as ??? the seven weeks of years that have elapsed bring about, though not ? in all cases, this coincidence in a new septennial period; it involved, however, the inconvenience of a Saturday evening being set apart for a' special service. How were tradesmen to leave' their shops? How were the clergy to be gathered on the eve of 'their Sunday duties? : Would it be possible to collect a congregation on the last night of the week? However, history cannot alter itself ; the anniversary was a fixed date, and on Saturday evening, October 7th, the commemoration service of the festival must be held. Months beforehand the matter was discussed, and all the different parochial elements were duly con sidered. There must be services in which the most attractive preachers should take part, the music introduced must be of the best kind, the sacred building would need, elaborate decoration, and, lastly, there must be social gatherings that would bring all the church attendants together. It was readily found that the occurrence of a jubilee had a charm for all minds and enlisted help from all quarters. The two bishops of the Church in the colony most kindly acquiesced in an arrangement by which they would take the Sundays of the octave, an archdeacon of each diocese cheerfully volunteered to preach on intervening week days, whilst the administrator of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund and the well-known nephew of Archdeacon. Stretch . filled up the octave. It was reserved for the Bev. Canon Vance, D.D., the first head-master of the Geelong Grammar School, to attend a concluding service in a subsequent week, by which the festival was brought to a most inspiriting conclusion. Many circumstances were favourable for rendering the music of the \- Church specially effective. The organist, who has been styled in the public Press, 'no less popular than talented,' undertook to superin tend a choir enlarged to double the usual number, and rehearse not only the choruses of Handel's Dettingen Te Deum, but such anthems as Mendelssohn's Hear My Prayer, and Sir John Stainer's Lead, Kindly Light, besides several others, especially the ' ' Hallelujah Chorus'? from the Messiah. These arrangements also included organ recitals, in which the pieces introduced were of the highest classical type, and such as would be fully appreciated by cultivated amateurs. The decoration of the church was planned on a scale of more than ordinary richness, and taxed the energies of a small army of willing workers. A dado of trellis work over a background of scarlet cloth encircled the entire nave and transepts, all worked in ivy, with a cluster of white flowers at each intersection of the diagonals, the length of the dado being not less than 240 feet, and demanding no small amount of time and labour. At regular intervals a basket of. white lilies (arums) was allowed to break the outline. The remarkable feature of the decoration was to be seen in six pilasters, reaching to the spring of the roof , consisting entirely of leaves and flowers of the . lily. The pulpit and reading-desk were tastefully decorated with white flowers, that followed the mouldings of the carved work. Large pots of ferns and dwarf palms added to the ornamentation. ? It remains to notice the inscriptions; the two dates, 1843 and 1893, worked in legible figures on either shoulder of the chancel arch, and two texts— one under the east window, 'Hitherto hath the Lord helped us;' the other in front of the organ, which in this church : occupies the nearly obsolete western position—' It is the Jubilee, it shall be holy unto you.' As the old records had mentioned the spot where the Bishop laid the foundation-stone, it was appropriately indicated by a legible sentence surmounted by the Union Jack. The tout ensemble of the floral effect won universal admiration. The design was bold, the materials simple, and the execution artistic ; the contrast of colour helping the large stained windows of the church to produce a result in every way pleasing and satisfactory. . Not the least important in the celebration of the jubilee were the arrangements for social gatherings. ? Assuming that the great event, the laying of the stone, took place in the afternoon, a garden party in the church and parsonage grounds was manifestly appropriate, as this would coincide with the very hour at which in 1843 Mr. Sladen and his confreres met the Bishop for this ceremony. This, however, was not a happy assumption, as a copy of the Geelong Advertiser was subsequently discovered, in which the Church people of Geelong are summoned for that purpose at half-past ten on the Saturday morning. It was understood that invitations would be issued to the seat-holders of the Church, together with such oi the old residents asiwere known to have been cognisant of the early ecclesiastical affairs of the locality. An excellent band was engaged, ships' colours were to fly, and every arrangement was completed to give eclat to a most enjoyable gathering, inclusive of the indispensable camera for giving permanence to the reminiscences of the occasion. To consider more fully the arrangements for social gatherings during the festival, a meeting was convened of the ladies of the con gregations of Christ Church and St. Matthew's. At i once was it found how deep and widespread was the interest taken in the jubilee. It was determined that all church attendants should be invited to a meeting held in the new room of the Young Men's Association, and . the children of the Sunday-schools entertained on the next evening. Numerous were the offers to provide tables, whilst the money sub scribed was more than sufficient to defray all expenses, although they ; were far from being inconsiderable. There were thus in the festival ? programme three separate entertainments to which the guests came solely by invitation. Music was of course, to be duly provided, and the children were to be entertained by a magic lantern illustrative of parochialtand diocesan celebrities, together with church buildings, past and present, weatherboard and stone. Besides the social gatherings, it was requisite that the festival should culminate in a meeting held in the hall of 'the Mechanics' Institute. How this was: to be conducted was not in the first instance very apparent. . Like many other items of the festival it underwent a, process of evolution. It was not possible to gather all the preachers of the octave for one supreme effort/ The Bishop of Ballarat was down in the programme for Sunday,. the 15th, and the meeting had to be held on , Monday, the 16th. It was supposed that a fujl programme of songs and speeches would be adopted to which a short . exhibition of limelight views might give variety, and the Bishop was asked to deliver a lecturette on some of the cathedrals that were included in the list, an idea quite in harmony with the festival. The proposal was most kindly and energetically taken up by his Lordship, the result being a well-studied and in every way admirable lecture (without the ; diminutive) in those ecclesiastical glories of our fatherland. The programme was now complete, and it was now possible to place it in the hands of the printer, with a view to a wide circulation throughout the parish. A pastoral address from the pen of the Incumbent accompanied the programme, setting forth the incidents to be commemorated, and reminding the parishioners that they had every, reason for joining their praises and thanksgivings to God; in acknowledgment of His goodness during the half-century that had elapsed. The ladies of the District Visiting Society gladly undertook the work of distribution, whilst the members of the Young Men's Union and Girls' Friendly Societies undertook to sell tickets for the Bishop's lecture. These arrangements, it may be noted, were made fully six weeks before the festival. Nor were they made in vain. The newsj/apers, both in Geelong and Melbourne, gave all publicity to the proceedings, and it soon became evident that the approaching celebration had fairly taken hold of the public mind. The programme was of sufficient variety to interest all classes. In the list of preachers were favourites of various sections of the community; the busy note of preparation caught the ear, and even the rehearsals of the enlarged choir from week to week, especially of Handel's Dettingen Te'Deum, kept awake the expectations of the people. . : The looked-for Saturday at length arrived, and brought with it such fine weather, though cloudy, as was specially welcome at this season ' of the year. For a garden party a fine afternoon is a prime requisite, as in the event of heavy showers it is but inadequate consolation to have to retreat under a verandah or crowd into a schoolroom. About two hundred and fifty persons assembled in the grounds, giving life and animation to the scene. Indeed, nothing could be more enjoyable, and everyone seemed to realise the festive nature of the celebration. One heavy drawback there was — the Bishop and Mrs. - Goe were unable to reach the parsonage until the company had almost entirely dispersed. The cause, too, was most unfortunate— a neuralgic attack which had prostrated his Lordship and hindered him from leaving his room until the afternoon. Nor was he able to take part in any proceedings until eleven o'clock on Sunday. . , ; , : In regard to the commemoration service of that evening, the local paper, the Geelong Advertiser, commenced its report with the following friendly remarks :—' The festival in connection with the jubilee was commenced under circumstances of the most auspicious character. In a young country which has so recently celebrated the jubilee of its own settlement, an institution that looks back over half a century to the date of its foundation is fairly entitled to be regarded as venerable. The commemoration of its 50th anniversary is therefore of more than passing interest ; and those who take part in the Christ Church festival will in after years come to regard the event as one that marks the completion of an epoch in colonial Church progress.' The fears that had been expressed as to the hopelessness of gather- ? ing a congregation on a Saturday evening were now utterly falsified. As soon as the church was opened a crowd rushed in and took posses sion of every available seat. Hundreds were unable to gain admission, and the police on duty at the gates declared that more went away or remained in the neighbourhood of the building than found places inside. The shortened order of service was, used, Leviticus xxv. (the Jubilee Chapter) being the appointed lesson, and the Psalms were the 122nd and the 150th. The clergy of the deanery were well repre sented, inclusive of the Eevs. W. C. Pritehard, of St. Paul's, Josiah Tyssen and Evelyn Snodgrass, H. Kelly and F. C. Anderson, of All Saints', and G. N. MacDonnell, Curate of Christ Churoh, the Bev. John Cameron, of Ceres, T. J. Winsor, of Marshalltown, and A. H. Percival, of Lara, added to the number. The Bev. Canon Goodman preached the Commemoration Sermon from the text Lev. xxv. 9, 10—' Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound,' &c.; The object of the preacher was to give a rapid sketch of the proceedings in which Bishop. Broughton took part, the early efforts of members of the Churoh in Geelong, and besides the labours of Mr. Charles Sladen and his co-workers, those of Arch deacon Macartney and others associated with him. He paid a special tribute to laymen in Melbourne and Geelong who conducted Church ministrations before any clergyman settled in those, centres of popu lation. To those devoted men, he said, we owe a debt of gratitude, and still more are we indebted to the grace of God, which moved them to undertake a work of such vital importance. The preacher concluded with this reference to the grand composition of Handel, which was most appropriately about to bring the service to a, close : — 'It is fitting that our devout feelings should be in harmony with that hymn of St. Ambrose known as Te Deum Laudamus. : Exactly 150 years ago, in, 1743, or three jubilees, Handel composed those splendid choruses that you ,are about to hear. One word more. By bur festival we commemorate the labours' of those whb sought the first estiblish^ ment. in. pur community of the ritual of .our beloved Church j' we have Wjiewed: Gfqd's mercies to' the parish, to the town, ib the diocese ; in one word, the keynote of our jubilee is tfHANKFtoxNESs.'' . , ' ;''3?bie DettingenTeDe«m, which followed, was remarkably effective. It ,'is : less known than many other compositions of the 'mighty master,' but reminds one of some of. the noblest of his works. 'No music could be more' suited as a song of rejoicing: Written as it was to celebrate a victory, it Is martial in its tone; but, at the same rtime, alternately jubilant or marked by tender pathos,; in accordance with the subject. With a full orchestra, drums and trumpets are largely prominent, and both instruments might have been advantageously introduced, to supplement such effects as. the organ could produced In the absence of trumpets, one longed for the tuba stbpV in place of the ordinary reeds. But drums were forthcoming, and rendered help that was most gratefully recognised. On the. whole, the results were most satisfactoiry, reflecting the highest credit alike on organist arid conductor, and: commanding the admiration of the most exacting critic. As might be expected, the whole town echoed the demand that . the ' Dettingen' should .at an early date be s repeated. , On the/ foUowmg .day, Sunday, the 50th. anniversary of the. first administration of sacraments in Geelong, the Bishop of bur diocese preached to a crowded congregation. His Lordship eloquently en-; larged upon the progress of the Church in the town from the date of its foundation to the completion of the year of jubilee, and remarked on the many topics , of which this festival was suggestive. In^' affectionate and familiar language, he turned to this boys of thJB: Grammar School arid addressed them on the special advantages enjoyed by them in that institution so worthy of the Church 61%; England. His appeal to their best feelings was not without result,' * for boys and masters were eager afterwards to express with gratitude the manner in which all hearts had been stirred. ?* A. notable feature of this Jubilee Festival was that of creating'the widest possible impression by interesting riot only adults,, but children. A flower service was therefore, announced in the programme, the first that had been held during the half-century. The united schools of Christ 'Church and St.. Matthew's filled the centre seats, whilst the transepts were crowded by adult worshippers. The season was favourable ; roses, geraniums, and marguerites were abundant, and the decoration of the children added to that of the building gave a varia tion of colour that was most pleasing to the eye. The Bishop was quite at home with his juvenile audience, and while exhorting them to 'consider the lilies,' arid pointing out the instruction that they might receive . from these beautiful works of God, rivetted their attention and, as may be hoped, touched. their hearts. It may here be remarked that the remaining sermons preached diiririg the festival were of so high an order that in the space at bur command they cannot be dealt With. On Sunday evening, the 8th, the Bishop of Melbourne discussed the question of Church Ordinances with great power and fulness, from the text Acts ii. 42 ; and on Sunday, the 15th, the Bishop of BaUarat sustained his high reputation as a preacher, in the morning, on Divine' Worship, from Nehemiah x. 39. , and in the evening on Music— Its Place in Divine Worship, /from Rev. xix. 6., which many members of the congregation were desirous to see in print. On each occasion the church was crowded to its utmost capacity. Similar remarks would apply to those delivered On the week 'evenings by Revs. W. H. Marsh arid J. F. Stretch; together with Archdeacons Green and Langley, all of whom fully entered into the spirit of the festival,, arid succeeded in enchaining the interest of their hearers. Large congregations they were, but with one marked, exception, the Monday evening, when the rain came down in a quasi-tropical, down: pbur.' V .??/., ?; ' ...,', ..'..'. /.:./'. '': ' ?? ' '''?'-??..'... ..,.?' '-'.:.,;; V-. Among other itenis in the programme were the yalua,ble and in structive Bible-readings of : Archdeacon Langley, which were attended by large and attentive audierices. Special mention should be/made of the Devotional Meeting of Saturday evening, 'the.' 14th, when the Bishop of Ballarat' addressed a company/reduced ni numbers by heavy rain, ina large class-room. The subject was the Mount, of Transfiguration, which the Bishop discussed in a most devout spirit, and in a manner truly edifying. The glorified Saviour, the represen tatives of the risen saints in the persons of Moses and Elias, and the prostrate forms of the chosen three, were brought vividly to the mental vision; whilst the exclamation, 'It is good for us to be here!' was pressed upon the devout heart /as, expressing the aspirations of the sincere believer. Of all the sermons and addresses delivered during the festival this was not the least prized, nor one that will soonest be forgotten.',/- '-. ?? .''?..'.'.;,.. .' .-''?.,;, .'..-:. / ? '..''?..'?. '.'--, One feature of the week's programme must, not/ be omitted, as it maybe said to have taken the public by surprise, especially amateurs not connected with the parish. Two organ recitals were given, one on Tuesday afternoon, the 10th, the other after the service of /Wednes- day, the 11th. The former ; comprised compositions of the highest class, by-Silas, Widor, Mendelssohn,jthe plaintive '.Funeral March' of . Chopin, and the brilliant arid majestic '.! Hallelujah' frord the Mount qf Olives, of Beethoven. From the Advertiser the following descrip-: tion: is extracted. After ym^eritionirig the large asseinblage of ladies and gentlemen that , foju^nji^fcliei 'recital so pleasurable and profitable, that journal remarked;*^' ;i-' ? . ' It was . an elegSripijiusical . treat, and . when the notes of the beautiful organ fibatecl:': away in the concluding itein the audience reluctantly departed from,, the building. The organist excelled all previous public performances, arid furnished one of the most delighful musical selections yet given to a Geelong audience.' , The same journal no less appreciated the musical selections following the Wednesday, evening service: — ' The musical portion was Sitriply magnificerit,; iand ' it', may /safely be said that seldom has. better music, been heard in ' Gealong. ? Lemmeri's St orfn Fantasia, on the organ, was jtnost realistic, and only the sacred character of the' edifice prevented the vast audience from wannly displaying their approval.' . ???.?'''. ' ''' / ,'.', ? ?' ? ? '? ??? v . ..-? Such were the efforts made to impress on all minds, those of the young as; well as of the old, the iinportance that attaches to a jubilee celebration. As the days succeeded each other ^ the interest grew, 'enthusiasm- was roused, and mutual congratulation was echoed on every side.- ?'..'. .. ,,/,'/-?; ',??/? '. /.'?../' ' /' '-.-, /..'/. ? . ,'.'. All persons who haye been cognisant of the various incidents of the Geelong Jubilee Festival agree in declaring it a remarkable 'success.' It enlisted many workers, it gratified all tastes, it awakened /earnest endeiayour, and tended to concentrate the interest of thcf.many'iri the one holy bond of truth arid peace, of faith arid charity, as is embodied in the Church of which they are members. ' Review of; -Reviews, October, 1893. — This periodical is becoming the most' readable and useful of all our magazines. The character sketch this month is Mr. Walter Besant. Among other highly interesting articles, we would especially mention—' Our Public Schools;' ' The Conqugst^.-Eassion,' ' A Lady Geologist,' 'A Plea for; a Servants' Suttaay;'£p4d f^Ete^asted Wealth of King Demos.' . ; ' ' n . , :??- \ 