THE PEER Am THE WOMAN. BT E. PHILLIPS OPPKNHEIU. CHAPTER XXL LOBD ALCESTOS IS PUZZLED. There Broun 1 a 8hor6 9il trap. ® e , noa ^"ongst 'the littei more oug^tfuUhln'^preBEed! i h e h light has been seen often siuce then ?" a »« A ' ""inutefi' meditation. ,, Ay, moaat noightB !" And are yon eure that there is no other entrance into the room Bave by the door of yon paw the key." u there beant no other way in." ,, Mrs.—what did you say her name was— jae housekeeper. She couldn't have am-thine •o ao with it, or her brother." " We a' seen it when both on 'am a been aoon 'ere wi' us." "It's a Btrange thing," the young man remarked thoughtfully. I wonder whether it's wight now ?" He moved towards the door, and they all trooped after him. Jim Doore, stepping in Jront of his guest, lifted the rude wooden JMch, and a gust of wind came howling in extinguishing the lamp, which he earned in his hand, and causing the few urints terta which hung about to rattle •gainst the walL Bill Foulds, followed by most of the party, turned baok to the fireside with a muttered anathema against the folly of exposing their comfortably-warmed selves to the fury of such a tempest until their time came to go; but Jim Doore and his guest •topped outside, closing the door after them, and stood for a moment with the rain beating m their faces, and the Kale shrieking about Jheir ears, gazing at the huge black outline of the ruined castle high up above them There •was no mistake about the lights—one faint and glimmering, low down on the inland side Jim pointed out as coming from " Martha's" room; the other high up in the tower, right on the verge of the cliff, was burning with a steady, brilliant light, and was even casting a long. Imd reflection on the bleak, angry sea below. They looked at them steadily for a minute. Then Jim Doore, who was holding the door fast in his hand, pushed it & little way open, and followed by his companions re-entered the cottage. They moved their chairs and made room for him by the fire, and he stood there wanning himself after the brief exposure to the storm; with the dancing firelight lighting up hu thoughtful countenance. They looked at him curiously, wondering what he would say now about their mysterious light, and wondering, too, as they had been all along who he was, and why he had come to this' out-of-the-way corner of the world. And there was one amongst their number, a woman, who sat where she had been sitting all ihe evening, unnoticed and almost unseen whose dark eyes never once left his face, and from whose cheeks every vestige of colour had fled at his coming. She, too, was wondering and dreading. " As ta seen t' loight, Bill 5" Foulds enquired, removing his pipe from his mouth out of deference to the stranger, for it was not h>'s custom when speaking. The young man started somewhat, as though the question "had broken in upon some train of thought. "Fes, it's there, right enough," he answered. " If it wasn't suoh a wild night I should feel tempted to go straight away into that room and solve the mystery. But since it has puzzled you all so long it may as well do •0 for one day longer. To-morrow night I will see into it." There was a stir amongst the little sroup. "Dost a think that Mrs. Smith 11 let a' go into the room ?" Jim Doore asked doubtfully. "There's neverno strangerpassesinside o' them •walls. God A'mighty," he exclaimed suddenly, springing to his feet, and standing with nis eyes fastened npon the stranger's; "look at 'e." " What's the matter, Jim cried his partner, also rising to his feet and following Jim's shaking finger, which was pointed straight at the tall young man, who stood calmly before the fire. ' " Look at 'e, I tell 'a," repeated Jim. " 'Tie v Earl's own face." Every eye was fixed upon the stranger, and suddenly every one became conscious of the resemblance—every one, that is to eay, except Mrs. Doore, who had possibly known all abont it before, for she never moved a muscle of her face. " As I don't want you to think me a ghost," the young man said, smiling slightly, "perhaps I had better tell you that I am Lord Alceston —Earl of Harrowdean now, I am sorry to •ay." " rEarl's son," gasped Jim Doore. " Exactly." There was an awestruck silence, which Lord Clanavon broke. " [ can assure yon you've no need to look so frightened," he said pleasantly. " You've all been very kind to me, and I'm eure I'm very much obliged to you all." This speech had the effect of Betting them ali a little more at their ease, but the impossibility of sitting down in the same room as an Earl was manifest to all of them. With every description of olumsy but respectful obeisance they dwindled away one by one, while Jim Doore stood by looking helplessly from his wife to his distinguished guest. "Come, come, Doore; there's nothing to be frightened about," Lord Alceston said, smiling, when the last of them had departed. " I'm eure you've all been very kind to me. I might have been up on the cliff now if it hadn't been for you. Look at your wife, now; she's a sensible woman. She dosan't look a bit disturbed. Well, if you won't sit down again— for Jim had rigorously declined the ohair which His Lordship had kicked towards him— ehow me where I'm to shake down for the night, and 111 go to bed." "Mrs. Doore silently took up a candle and opened the inner door, revealing another apartment beyond. "This way, my Lord," ehe said quietly. " I've done my best to make things comfortable, but I'm afraid you'll find it rather rough." Lord Alceston followed her into the tiny apartment, which, small though it was, was spotlessly clean and neat. "Nothing could be nicer," he declared, "Good nignt, Mrs. Doore! 'Pon my word," he added to himself, looking round approvingly. "that's a very superior woman." 