NOTES ON NEWS. rJ?lio second maicli ngnlnsb Mnrylobono is, in-poinb of intoroat, ovorythiti tlmt could bo dosirod. Tlio Australian gsoro of iidl u respectable, and rb Iho Dinrylo bouo -ecoro for tho Bumo innings is 2!l( (or just-ilyo ahond), tlio-socond inniiiRs 1ms mil iho charm of nbnolato uncertainly and . it is impossible) lit tho timo of writing- to predict who will win. Bub in. tliis-»aaatch, as hi ovory other during tho-'jzrosont tour.J.ho halting of tho Aualruftimtpnfl-occontrio in it very Jiiglr degree. Wliilo Tiyona inddcfln/iYotfe OCondQrogory 22,or,a(oUil of 1G1, GifToii, , Bruco nud Grahntn. iimdo n joint total of only 16. Yot lhoocond;trio ia (or ought (O'lioj-quitO'tOH fonnidablo in batting' poworaa iho first thrco. Bruco,,. how- ovor» during tlio- present -tour, 1ms l>cen oxaBpcraiisgiy consistent in luuking small scoros and -Graham bus (tempor arily, lot 118'hopu) lost nil tho brilliancy wbioh at first clmrActorised'bia batting. It-lo. oomovbat alarming to iiad that nt tho mooting of tlio U.S. and A.O. lJaulc de positors ia London on Monday, nioro than oao Influential dopoaitor arguol atrongly in favor ot liquidation, nnd Mr CiuinnosH cited db "onlnotatico of tho good results following from such n courao tlio easo k>f tho Commorcial Bank of South Australia." Thoso gontlonicu rcaido In London, nnd, wo auapcot, would calmly seo tho colonics tbomsolvcs " liquidated" and dissolvod in moro ruin, and regard tho process as quito satisfactory, if thoy only got 20s in thu £. , Tho cxatnplo of tho good re sults" yielded by tlio Commorcial Bank of South Australia is, for us on this side of tho sea at least, of vory alarming quality, The liquidation of Hint bank ruined hundreds and guvo a blow to tbo colony itiolf, from which it has scarcely yet re covered. Tho creditors, it is truo, got thoir , pound of flesh, but nt a very tragical cost to evurybody 1 else concerned. A wlso schemo of recon struction would have given tho creditors 20s in ibe'i) much moro expeditiously, nnd would have saved tlio property of tlio unfortunate shareholders in addition. It is pleasant to know that, by a majority of 10 to I, tbo E.S. and A.C. Ihtnk depositors yesterday rejected all suggefttons of liquidation. Wo havo tiaw full details of tho famous interview betwixt the fcmala members of the gaiaty troupe and tho editor of tho u "Workman" - in Duncdin. The mom facts are as previously reported ; but tho fuller account is interesting as showing what ollect tho Incident lud on publio opinion. . Tlio theatre was orowded, of course, on tho cvoning succeeding this impromptu drama nt tho office of the M Workman, " and When Mr Lounon, adorned with tlio actual black oyo which ho rccoivod in tlio fray, appearcdon tho stago, ''ho was ac corded an ovation such as no actor lias over rocoived in Dunodin, The largo nudicnco applauded and cheered frantic ally for Rcvoral minutes, and it was not until Mr Lonnon retired from tho alago fur a low seconds, after repeatedly, bow ing his nclaiowlcdgmonts, that' tho ' per formance was allowed to proceed. Tho other members of the company, ' and especially thn chorus, were also accorded an . unusually licarty reception ; and on all hands the stop taken to protect thoir good name from vile charges is hczu lily approved." Tho coinbat nt thu " Work man " office proved, in faot, Iho best advertisement the Gaiety troupo ever had ; but if otfior dramatic companies adopt this plan of adver tising their performances tho pro'jpuct bccomoa simply alarming. Thu detailed nceounlu of tbo match in Sheffield Park received by the mail do not ndd much to the information already received by cablegram. Tho doings of llio team, in faot, are reported by cnblo'at greater length and greater cost thnn uny othor event transpiring in tlio civilised worhl; from thu (lubnlos in 'tho House of Commons on tho Homo Itulu Bill, end tho struggles of tint Gorman Ihnporor with his own Itoichstag, down to tho performances of tlio cholera in Southorn Kurono or tho ghost-lilso flittinga of French Cabinets, But the pleasant details of tho enthusioslio re ception accorded to tho team nhow that the dozen cricketers wo sent home bavo been received with ns much joy rui though they were R baud of oxplorers, just returned from tho discovory of now cities and nations, or tho survivors of a great fight, whioh had savod tlio liSmpire. Lord Slicflidld is tho' most hospitable, but also tho most inarticulate, of men, and tho devico ho adopted for expressing his scnliinsnts has, nt leant, tho mcrit'of originality. There wnaadisplay of fireworks in Sheffield Park nt night, thu chiof feature being the appearance of a gorgeous kangaroo outlined in ilnmo, his tail in particular being a vorilablo comet, while orbr tho flaming marsupial ap peared tlio words in colored ' fires, " Wolcomo, Australians 1 Good wishes i Hearty thanks for your reception of our team in Australia." The latter, Lord Sheffield said to tho colonial tcain, was his solo speech to thorn— and, it must bo ad mitted, a vory good sjicoeb, too. 