I WILDFLOWEK ? ? ^_ ? ? BOOK IX, H CHAPTER II.— (Continued^ ?? ti^o, no, Baadbei nastily, 'but I may ^H,paxt subdue tllem Jby, an absend^ froni ^H^e place of theix origin, and some, God ^HjgowBf I would not evade for all the ^H They wero silent. for a long time. It was ^?n embarrasBing as well as a painful topic ^Kdiseoarse, and they spoke no more con ^tning it. . '' 71 , ^m u i will not come in torlnight,' said he, as ^Her stood before the door of Miss Wrick ^Btiton'6 house. ?'-' I shall have to call and ^Lr farewell in a month or two.' ^J Ab he extended his hand to her, he H$ed— . :, . ' . H «I should like, to ask one question, Hjrice. You need- act answer it if it dis Hpleaseyou.' /?' ? ? ? ? ' H «I will answer it,' said Avice, looking Mom- ... ? «How long will it be before this engage Hjnent between you and Clifton finds its Htapy termination?' H 'What do you mean?' asked Avica in a H]ov voice. H « You see each other very often, I know. H|e calls at your house. I take it for H panted that you are re-engaged, there ? &»-— ?* ? ? ? «He came but once or twice ; Iehave not HEecn him lately. 'Why wound me, Mr. ?Stmiaore, by reference to his name ?' H|tie cried, almost passionately. ' There Ht&s; been no engagement — there cannot Hem be one between him and me ; it was H til broken of£ at Sanderstone. I have told H lim so — he is aware of ifc.' I ' Avice !' he cried. H It was a low, stifled cry, but it welled I tp from the heart. H ii Let me go in — I cannot bear to listen ? to you — to hear your voice,' cried Avice, ? lusting into tears. ' Mr. Stanmore, pray H release my hand — don't speak to me nowl ? Oil ! I — I — am very miserable !' I ' Avice, do hear me !' he implored. H 'Not now — not now.' H She disengaged her hand from his I nervous clasp, and running up the steps of H the house, knocked hurriedly at the door. I He made no movement to arrest her ? further progress, but stood watching her, I ts she tremblingly waited for the door to ? open and admit her. She did not know ? from what she was flying j it was weak Hud very silly, but yet, how long they B teemed in coming to let her in. H The dark door -was soon between Stan Hnore and Avice Hern, although the former , ntill remained waiting in the street. He ?paced up and down the pavement on that I side of the square long afterwards. The ? tain began to fall, but he took no heed of ? it, and went on with -his oscillatory pro ? gress, much to the perplexity of a police ? man, who kept a wary eye upon him from ? an opposite corner. I He moved away at last, saying to him I Bdf I 'It must be something that I dream not I of— it must be. I dare not think of that ? iriici would brighten my remaining years. I Fool — fool that XaiL, to lose, my gelfcom I mand,my moral courage, by a few falter I ing words from- her pure- lips.- Grdd bless I her! It is not for an old fellow like me to I win upon her in his dotage. I am not I each, a dreamer as to believe it. And yet 1 I Will, one more cruel memory then, Stan I more, it can be borne with the many that I have gone before it. Only one more, and I that to- morrow.' I One more. He was right, I CHAPTER III. I The -Great Lesson. I There was a- knjacking.rafr the door under Inedth the doctor^ red lamp in the Hamp I Btead-road that night, for Walter Hern was I taken very ilL So ill, so weak and help I less as to make yesterday's feebleness and I dotage appear, by comparison, his day of I strength and power. He only wanted I yesterday's vigor now to be able to leave I Ids bed and go down stairs — oh ! to be able I to go down stairs again, and sit with his I comfortable palsy at the parlor window* I Was he .going to die? Good God! I doctor, don't eay that he was breaking up I —that there were doubts of his getting I over it, he was very week but then he I wasn't an old man — not such a 'very old I man — why his own father had lived over I '0 years and more— only think of that ! I Had Walter Hern's life depended on a I nod or sign from the doctor at his bedside, I lie could not have begged more for his aid I and mercy in his time of sickness. I He was left with a hope of ultimate I tecovery, with injunctions to keep up his I spirits as well as he could under the cir I cumstances, and to be sure that he had a I careful nurse. Walter Hern broke into a I passionate fit of sobbing after the doctor I had taken his departure. I ' Keep up his spirits. iKe — ke — eep up I his spirits,' he cried hysterically, ' in a I dismal house with an ugly old woman to I wait upon, him, and Arnold boy away in I India. Ca — ca — careful nurse 1 Who I ifould nurse him with careP What had I he ever done for anybody that he should be I to— ta — taken care of? He must die — he [ Janet die!*' I All that -weary morning he lay in his I ted with the ugly_pld woman aforesaid hovering about the room. All that long morning he lay crying like a child, shiver ing at the hideous retrospect of a mis-spent I. life which was unrolling before him like a &ac.; Then ;tiie awful future which might te nearer than iite doctor told him, which he shrank and cowered from, and held up tis hands, and would have given worlds not to think about, and which he thought about- all the more in trying his hardest to forget. f .. * fe What should he do in.a long illness with no friends to call upon him and sit by Ms bedside ? Would itj not be death by^elow degrees to lay on his back day after day, an^6elare at the flaming pattern on the grails? -J£o hsiie onlj^e doctor to see Mm once a day,' and Avice perhapg but once a week! Aht A-vice-^-if he had only been , a better man in his time, she might have even come to nar.Be her poor old uncle— who's thatf . Avice Hern hersslf emerging from the shadow of tti« -room, and drawing aside the curtains of his bed. Avioe in her morning drees, without -her: bonnet, vrith the 'bunch, -of ? housekeeping keya^at her girdle. Avice evidently at liome. ' '^^a. ' 'Niece, is anything ifce matter? How did you know I was ill ? Bid the woman send ? What— what does if mean ?' He lay glaring at his niece as at a ghost. .'???.- ' Mrs. Simpson sent fe message to me the first thing this morning, ' And you have come to see me — it's kind,' he muttered, ' and you've left your bonnet and shawl in the other room ; that looks very well, he, he ! — that looks very well indeed.' ' Supposing I have come for a long stay here, uncle,' said Avice in a cheering voice, ' you have often told me that there was a spare room, for my accommoda tion.' He gave & piteous whimpering- look up in her face. ' I used to be fond of a joke, Avice ; I could stand them as rough as anybody once, but please don't now, there's a a good girL I'm an old man and very, very ill now— see here, how I am shaking in the bed.' ' Supposing me to be in earnest, uncle.' , ' Ay, ay, earnest. Oh ! Avice, upon my soul it's too bad to make such fun of me.' Walter Hern began to wipe bis eyes. ' Well, I have come then — there !' ' For how long ? ' he screamed out. ' God reward you girl — for how long?' ' For good,' was the reply, ' until you tell your niece to go away.' ' Oh ! Aviee — oh ! niece,' cried he, giving way to an outburst of weeping, *' it's not to be believed, a wretch like me, a man with out a soul — a villain, girl, a villain. Go home again and leave me here. I don't deserve this. Oh! go home again.' He caught at the hand %by his side and retained it in his own as if he were afraid she would take him at his word. He got over his weeping after a minute and said — ' What made you think of this ?' ' I will tell you,' she replied, seating herself by the bedside, ' and you must listen calmly or I shall go down stairs, and leave you till the evening. I heard that you were ill — I kaew you were lying here without one friend or relation in England but me. You are the son of that dear old grandfather wh6 offered me the shelter of his home when I was a little girl — my father was your brother. If I can be of service to you in yonr loneliness, or take my place as nurse, or with God's help teach you the great lesson which you have never heeded since your childhood, there is no sacrifice too great for me to make. I have come to share your home, to be your daughter, to think and live for you in your old age — there be still, I'll say no more.' She ran out of the room, and left him with the wet tears on his furrowed cheeks. She had chosen a hard task, but she had chosen well and like a heroine, and had spared no sacrifice in doing that which she believed was right. And was there no sacrifice in writing to Mr. Arthur William Stanmore that very morning, in resolving to forget 'hiir) then for ever, and to live for one whose whole life had been selfishness and crime ? He was her uncle — he was alone in the world — he was lost to that knowledge without which the greatest wisdom of the earth is nothing. She had detected in him lately some softening of his iron nature, she would make one great effort to bring him to repentance. So she parted with Miss Wrickerton and honest Martha, who cried one on each shoulder in the hall, left a formal note for Mr. Stanmore acquainting him with her intentions— the colder and . more formal now the better!— and went, with Elate Millthorn, to her new home in the Haxnp stead-road. It is not our purpose to dwell upon the long illness of Walter Hern, or of the straggle for life in that sick room with Avice — true ministering angel, never tiring in her watch, or weary of her task ! — or of the new duties she had set herself ;to per form. It is enough to say that Walter Hern got well enough to leave his room, and found heart enough to love Avice like a daughter, and upheld by the conscious ness of her duty, Avice gave no thought to regrets, and looked no longer forward for herself. She did not deem it a sacrifice of her young life, or that she was repaying good for evil, she knew alone that he was changing for the better ; he was some one distinct from the Walter Hern of Sanderstone, and still more unlike that burly ruffian who came to the office near Whitehall one winter time and de manded money to support him in his idleness. Her own affectionate nature began to now towards him ; she almost loved him for his weakness, his helplessness, his im plicit trust in her, and she stood by Ms side tp grace Ms home and cheer him in old age. His weakness had subdued Ms nature and made a coward of him j but it was left for Avice to strike upon the callous heart, and to awaken .him to a sense of the posi tion in which he stood, towards One who had mercifully spared him yet a little while. As the time went on, and the place be came a home to Avice, the tie that linked uncle and niece became more powerful, and its innuenoe began to assert itself 6n Walter Hern. { \ ?. . It was a strange sight to watch the rapid growth of this man's love for Avice, to note his reverence, for the slight figure that, flitted about Ms home, that sat by -»« side, that-- tried to interest Mm in subjects of wMoh he had scarcely heard the j^name. Their natural positions were reversed— -it was age, supported by, youah'e counsel, and led by its advice ; it was the -youth which taught the holy lesBon to be learaed, and pointed out the way wMch had never jet been trodcferiT r ; Avice had a struggle . to bring the light upon the darkened understanding of Walter Hern, for it was preaching to a frightened child of mercy and 'forgiveness, and was a long arduous task. ? : : .But she did not flinch at the difficulties bof ore her, she was not internally pressing upon Mm the duties^of religion at times and seasons when lie was too ill to bear them, or too peevish and. fretful to be con soled by them} she watched her opportu nity, and led him by imperceptible degrees to talk of hope, to listen to hiar in reply, and as ha grew strofcgev aba w« com forted by witnessing a result from her] teaching slowly dawning on him. ' | He had learned to love her, we have said, \ -but Ms great fear was, that she would leave him, and growing tired of her task, would steal down stairsoneof these nights, and run away. He told her bo, he begged her every time she bade Mm goodnight not to leave him till the morning, and no assurance she could make was able to divert him from that same impression. He could not. bear to trust her from, bis sight, and if she went to see Miss Wricker ton and Martha Badge he would sit at the window looking in the street till her return, never moving from the one position he had chosen, paying no heed to the day's decline, the dusky night, the solitary lamp gleaming across the road, thinking of nothing but Ms dear niece, Avice. When he was well enough to leave the house, uncle and niece took a walk together every afternoon, he leaning on Avice's arm and plodding on by its aid and that of a gold-mounted stick, a relic of his past grandeur, wMch he had brought from Sanderstone. v They were slow weary walks on the sunshiny side of the way, and always in the vicinity of Walter Hern's house ; either round the squares, some of them in course of formation, and full of bricklayers and carpenters, who peeped at them, from staring -window holes and roof* of un finished houses, and who thought them a queer couple, and wondered what on earth was the matter with the old gentleman — or along the bustling Hampetead-road itself, Hern interested in every horse that passed, and pointingit out with Ms stick to Avice, tracing at the same time a fancied resemblance to some steed or other he had had at ' The Hall,' and crying over the striking likeness. Sometimes when Hern was very feeble, they went out for long country drives in the carriage with Miss Wrickerton, but those trips were finally abandoned, they made Hern so low-spirited on Ms return. In one of those drives, he had begged to be taken into the city, and put down at the corner of a certain street, which he indi cated with Ms stick. Leaving Miss Wrickerton in the carriage to await their return, Avice had led him, he pointing out the way, to the famed coffee-house at which the Hall was sold. *« Thatf s the place, Avice,' he said ; «' it was knocked down there a dead bargain — that's tbe very place.' Fresh bills were in the window, fresh people hanging about the doors, there was another great estate coming to the ham mer — another ruined man going to the dogs. Walter Hern was worse when he reached home that afternoon than he lad bees, since Ms recovery, but he picked up again the next day and took his customary walk on the sunshiny side of the street, and pointed out as many horses as ever with Ms gold-mounted stick. During the long evenings Avice still persevered with her task. She had accus tomed him to hear a chapter in the Bible read every night, and it seemed to work an improvement ia him, although he generally finished with, ' Ah ! it isn't meant for me — itfs much too late for me.' ' It is never too late, uncle.' ' Yes, it is — don't tell me that,' he cried peevishly ; ' put the book away till to morrow, Avice.' One Sunday morning Avice tried to per suade Mm to accompany her to church. He laughed at that — it was so out of his style — excepting the day Arnold boy was married at Branscombe, he hadn't seen the inside of a church for a long, long time — no, no, Avice — he wasn't going there. But the second Sunday after Ms refusal, when Avice came down from her room, there he was waiting for her, with hat and stick in hand. ' Are you going out, uncle ?' ' I'm going with you.' ' With me !' cried Avice, ' to church.' ' You said you'd like me to go,' said he ruefully. ' I'll go. I know I shan't like it ; but never mind for once.' Walter Hern went for more than once or twice ; he went ©very Sunday morning -with Ms niece, and tried his best to pay attention to the sermon, although he cried when he got home sometimes, because he had not understood a word of it — because Ms mind would keep wandering away to Arnold or tie HalL There came a letter from Arnold in the beginning of autumn, a long letter about India, and Ms prospects — telling how, with his old love for change, he had resigned his office and entered the army, and how ?he/ hoped to win honor in the Indian war, wMch was breaking out in earnest, and to redeem the past by becoming a good man and a brave soldier. He had not left oft trying,, he could , tell everybody that! Avice and her uncle studied the news-, papers now Arnold was a soldier, and there were signs of coming war, and looked at all the news from India, and traced the march of s certain regiment from post to post upon the map, they trembling more and more as it advanced nearer to the enemy. Mr. Stanmore called one day to see Avice and Walter Hern; Avice had not seen Mr. Stanmore since the evening he had escorted her home, and made inquiry concerning her engagement. He had called the following day and taken away with Mm Avice's formal note, and she had received a few days afterwards a hurriedly written reply, -which stated the writer's intention - to shortly visit her and her uncle, and expressed Ms opinion of her determination very Mghly, and* was in many plaoes undecipherable or incoherent. . (TO BB COHTTNUBD.) . .' ' . Attractive Sunday evening services are about to W commenced by the London Congregational Board, the main purpose being to reach the non churcb.-going people who Sunday after Sunday throng the streets in .the neighborhood; the Vic toria Theatrie, Waterloo-road, London, having been seeurea for three months for the parpose, and an orchestra and choir are being organised from the different chutcheB in South London. St. James's Gazette recently received the following cutting from The Tikes: ', ' Church Preferment—A valuable living tor sale, in the Buburbs;6f;IjoudorL Sale urgent. ProspettBof early, possession. .Net .- income, £900, Light work ; the best .society ; ;prscjicaliy no ? poor. BeantifuUy ^modern churoh. Apply to -r—.': The- -cjoniaibutaonB -or Plymouth Church, Brooklyn -&.S.), in aid of foreign miesions during the past year, are much larger than in previous yeM*, amounting to ibont JE400, ? 