LOST IN THE BUSH. \ a Twelve Days' Experience. ' After 12 days' experience of what must bave been terrible privation for a man, let alone a boy, the lad Innes has been found by another boy (reports the Singleton Advo cate). On Thursday another large search party was instituted, but had barely com- menced operations wnen wora was Drougnt that the "Lost was found." On the morn ing of that day a boy named O'Brien, residing with his parents between Goorangoola and St. Clair roads, went out to master some cattle about two miles from his home. The cattle being a bit fractious took a different route to that which the lad wanted. In passing the rains of an old hut, which had only the chimney standing, young O'Brien's attention was directed to a dam near at band, at which a black boy (so he thought) was taking a drink. Ho was riding on, when the supposed black boy turned his bead and disclosed the fact that he was a white. Going up to the lad, O'Brien soon fonnd ont that he hadcome across the missing lad. The latter preferred the request to be taken either to Mr. Bower's place or to his parents' residence at Rix's Creek. Young O'Brien got off his horse and put the lad on and conveyed him to his father's house. (There he remains and is being as tenderly narsed and cared for as if he were in Prince Alfred Hospital. The news of tho discovery soon spread, while the fcelingB of the parents can bettor be imagined than described; To his father he said, "I didn't run away, dad, I went up the gully and got lost." When found the boy . still had the bridle and coat in his possession which wero given him by Mr. Bowers on the morning that he went for the horse. It was his intention to remain where he was fonnd, and he was just taking a drink of water, and then, as he explained to his fathei, " to return to the old chimney to lay down and die." Naturally the poor boy is much emaciated. One of his relatives Btated that "he looked more like a little ghost." The first night the boy was out in the ranges it rained heavy. He was very frightened and lay down. In the morning he was unable to move for somo time owing to cramp. The boy stated he had nothing to eat or drink except water tho whole time. Advice was obtained from Dr. Read as to treatment, which has been faithfully carried out, with so far the best results, A singular incident in connection with the finding of the lad may bo mentioned. The previous night a Mr. Schmirier dreamt that the lad would be found in a paddock known as "The Bower" paddock." He re lated the circumstance to some of the search party, and expressed his determination of making a search in that direction. The lad tvas found on land adjoining the paddock. 