? Tlie Sea Recreant see rtQis.r.rra of ^:cko?,sd i.i7D A r^ZOiTOSSI? WA3£3. I'.Y COL. PRBNTISS INGRAHAM, Author of ' Tin Last of the Pirates ,* 'Merle the Mutineer? Efc.. fac. * ' CHAPTER XLVIII. THE PORCUPINE. 7h- vessel of which Sir Pcrcy Travis was in command was one of tlie finest in the British navy. She was classed as a smalt frigate, but she was trim built as acutter, and could sail. .like a witch. It will be remembered that Sir Pcrcy had set sail in the Porcupine to find Lord Leslie Avon- in his brig, if he could, and put on board of his vessel, the pilot, JJulcncr, who had been in the hospital , ? along' with the other wounded prisoners -. lof Red Hand's schooner. ' Th? Porcupine had, therefore, sailed with the pilot on board,' and » her crew I had been added to by, the, unexpected . appearauce of Lionel Harcourt, whose . gallant act had got for lum the berth of ?i mi-ldy.-~ , :? The Porctiphic's'crcw lia'd kept a close look-out for the brig under Lord Leslie Avon, but had all the while been holding a southerly course, which in the end brought her into the. Caribbean Sea, off the Panama coast. But just here a misfortune occurred in the taking ill of Dutcher, the ex-pirate, who was to serve as the pilot to the re treat of Red Hand. He was seized with fever, and.had only strength to run the Porcupine to an ' anchoragc on the coast, where she could remain in hiding until he was able to re sume his duties. But the poor fellow was soon in de lirium, and, as the surgeon said that he might die, Lionel Harcourt had asked permission to take the launch and a dozen men and go in search of the secret lagoon. This Sir Percy, with every confidence in his judgment, had allowed liim to do. So, with a howitzer mounted on the bows : of the launch, eight oarsmen, as many marines, and a brother middy as next in command, the young hero started upon his search. He kept close inshore, and lpy real good luck failed to be seen by Tali, the Indi.in, who was going to warn Red Hand oi the. appearance of the frigate on the coast and the conversation he had overheard among some of the young offi cers who had gone ashore. .. A run of twenty leagues brought Lionel Harcourt the afternoon of the next day to the lagoon lie was in search of. ' He had noted the lay of the coast, and ?finding no place all along where a large vessel could enter, on account of the shallowness of tlie water, for he had taken soundings regularly, he at last caine to where there was a depth of forty feet. 'This convinced him that he had struck the channel, and he headed inshore. The coast seemed like a wall of fo liage, only afew boat-lengths distant, but al last hs saw a br eaJf, the launch wns headefl hi, the oars were muffled, and the lagran nas found. An night came on the launch lay in _ hiding close inshore, and so was not seen -'by'T-afl as lie wart by in his pirogue on his Jilura the const. 'When ic hnd passed, for Lionel Har cnnrl dared aot attempt his capture, not 1rrrm'in-3r'hnnr far nfT thp rrtwit wns. t}ip launch julled out and started up the Net a sound was made, and the launch felt iis way alum; until at last the open Jaha'caiBE 3a sljhf. ? There :rcrc fires burning on the hill to oEf ths mosquitoes, and by their ligtt Lionel saw the lake, the old wreck, the shij-, ilie brig, aud the schooner. Hs co nhl tell that the ship and brig uiii aimed an the broadside bearing naoa ths entranre to the late. He also sa.v that lhat there was a battory on the hill. The sdioonefa red hull and spars and black sails were also visible. 'NVith his glTsslc scrcpt tlie whole scene, \ook in the silnaiion fully, and then gave the order lo retreat. He 'knew that the scarlet schooner, though metamorphosed, was the cruiser Destroyer. ' She appears to be ready to sail, so we have no time to lose. Give way with a' will, lads,' lie said. Down the lagoon swept the launch, and out into the sea. Keeping close inshore, the sails were ' set, and the wind being fair, the launch ran rapidly along on her way some three leagues astern of Tali in his pirogue. He went on his way up the lagoon to the camp of his tribe, and missed seeing the launch, which ran alongside of the frigate just at dawn. Sir Percy had heard it reported, so sent for Lionel Harcourt to come »t once to. Jhe cabin. i ' ' ' Well, my gallant middy, your fat , . tells me you have made a discovery.' ' I found the retreat, sir.' '? 'Good! And it is forttltiate, for pool Dutcher is dying.' __ ' It is about twenty leagues from here, and I found it merely by sounding as I .vent along, and running inshore only when I found deep watcr.:' 'You have a wise head on your shoul ders, Midshipman Harcourt.' ' Thank you, sir, but the entrance to the lagoon is so concealed by nature one would not see it at thirty pnccs distant.' 'But you unearthed the fox?' ' Yes, sir ; I took the launch up the lagoons for over a mile, the water being deep enough for this frigate, and the fo liage will not obstruct her. There I found a lake several acres in size, and the camp fires ashore gave me a chance to see at anchor the cruiser.' ' The Destroyer?' ' Yes, sir ; but she has been painted red, her spars also, and her sails black.' ' The deucc you say.i' 'Yes, Sir Percy, so I suppose R^d . Hand intends to bcknqjvn as the Scarlet Scourge.' ! ' 'Doubtless, but go oh with your most interesting story.' ' There are in the lake also a mer chant brig and- ship, both having bat teries on the side commanding the en trances from the lagoons, for I think there are several channels. On the hill, beyond the lake, where the crew of the schooner appeared to be in camp, is a battery of guns. I spent half an hour examining all through my glass. Then I retreated, sir, and came on in all haste. I did see an Indian in a ?piiogue pass down the lagoon, but he did not discover us, nnd we failed to see him again, while .1 was afraid to attempt his capture.' 'Midshipman. Harcourt, you have done nobly, and if we rapture this re treat of ttcd Hand, you shall be made a junior licultfiiant, for you will have won deserved promotion. If Dutcher dies to-day wc will sail to-night for the re« ti'eat.' 1 ' Would it hot be well, sir, to. stand out to sea, as though leaving the coast, for wc do not know what natives may be watching us, and they may have a means of warning Red Hand and put him upon his guard 5' ' Ever wise, my lad, and I will follow your suggestion. Now go to your break fast and take the rest you deserve.' ''A CHAPTER XLIX. TItE MIDNIGHT ATTACK. The clever ruse of sending the Porcu pine out to sea, instead of along tlie coast, had deceived Tali the Indian, and so Red Hand, in this Scarlet Scourge, had gone on after. the frigate, as he sup posed, hoping to overtake her the fol lowing day, as he crowded on all sail, and he supposed she would be cruising slowly. _ Dutcher, the unfortunate pilot, had died and been buried, as has been seen, and then the Porcupine left her anchor age and headed out into the open Carib bean. But after dropping the land well down, she shaped her course for a point which would bring her near the entrance to the lagoon. It would bi: no easy matter to find it in the night ; but as she ncared the coast, sail was shortened, and every boat sent out with sounding-lines. The result was that the deep channel way to the lagoon was found very quickly, and then the Porcupine was towed shore ward. It was thought best not to attempt to tow the frigate up the lagoon, but to send out an attacking party in boats. This was done, and in honour of his services, Sir Percy allowed Lionel Har court to take command, giving him the temporary rank of senior lieutenant. The boats, seven in number, and carry ing two hundred men, all well-armed, pulled away with muffled oars. There was hardly a ripple to break the stillness. Lionel Harcourt led in the launch, and at last the glimmer of lights was seen ahead. The next moment the camp fires came in view. All was quiet on the ships and ashore. But there was one vessel missing. The Scarlet Schooner was not there I ' She has sailed, I feared as much,' muttered Lionel Harcourt. But the retreat was there, and there were vessels to capture, pirates to fight. So the young commander divided his forces. Two boats were sent against the brig, two against the ship, one to board the wreck, and the other two to land and at tack the camps. As soon as the vessels were seized' they were to be left with a guard, and the others were to hasten ashore, or where needed. If driven off, all were to retreat to the lagoon, and thence to the Porcupine, who could send three more boat crews as a support, and be ready to protect a retreat. Either tliey had surprised the pirates, or they were lying in ambush, all seemed to feel ; nnd the latter feeling was a de cidedly uncohifoitable one for the men to harbour. When all understood just what was to be done, the boats moved forward in four columns. Nearer and nearer they drew, and at last, as they were almost upon the vessels, a dog on the hill set up a wild and frightened barking. Voices were heard, and the clear com* mand of Lionel Harcourt— ' Now, lads, they are our game 1' As he uttered the words the launch dashed atqngsidc of the ship. In wild .alarm the Indian crew sprang to resist, and the battle was begun. On the lirig, the wreck, and tho shore as well, the fight had commenced. The Indians, in their surprise, fired their hp&vy; guns aimlessly, and tl\c roar rang out |hrough tho lagoons, telljng those on tl\e Porcupine th?t the gallant youpg middy had begun the work of death. | The shots, the cries, also were heard, and Sir Pq'rcy Travis cried : 'There; is hot work yonder, but my title on the success of that gallant lad.' Thpwgh surprised, the three-score In dians fought like demons ; and the score of pirates who were there, crippled or ill, also fought for their lives, and this meant desperate wofk for all. The ship was just won, though it had the latgest force upon it ; and leaving a midshipman in charge, with one boat's cr$w, Lionel Harcourt dashed towards the brig in his launch, and his coming saved the crews of the two boats from destruction, | for they had been beaten back, and were; under the fire of heavy guns. ' A'' Then the brig was won, the wreck had teen taken, and with his launch and two boats following, the young commander had hastened ashore. The wreck had been set on fire, and its glare made all the lake as bri;Jjyis noon day. On the hill Parna stood in his little fort, with but a handAil of fcHoers, and his wife was by his side. He had swept the hill-sides with.jhis guns, and thrice had beaten off his fobsj who had to advance at a great disadvan tage. But, landing, Lionel. Harcourt led the way with a cry for his men to follow, and they did so with a cheer. . The.hcavy guns flashed, and a dozen brave tars went down before tbe cruel fire ; but the young leader was unharmed, and the next moment had gained the fort. Parna would not yield, and stood his ground against all odds, and his wife was by his side ; the other defenders also de termined to die in their.tracks. . ? ' Surrender 1' called out Lionel in Spanish. ' No 1' was the dogged reply of the Indian chief. ' We will kill you 1' V ? 'Kill 1' and with the, word Parna and his people fired upon the tars. Then Lionel bounded forward, and his men were at his side. There were shots, steel clashes, blows, groans, and the retreat of Red Hand had been won— the midnight battle was ended, and the midshipman had won his promotion. Back to the frigate he sent word of the victory, and with the dawn came Sir Percy Travis in his cutter. He congratulated the young leader and his men, glanced over the results of the victory, and ordered the wounded cared for and the dead buried. Tlie few prisoners and wounded among the Indians were left in the fort on the hill, and then, with the brig and ship in tow of the boats, the return to open water was begun., ' You will take command of the ship, Lieutenant Harcourt, and carry her to New- York, with .officers and.crcw suffi cient toaid you, and the brig will also be sent under another officer, while I will cruise in search of this Scarlet Scourge,' said Sir Pcrcy. ' As the three vessels stood away from the coast, a sail was sighted, and after a close inspection of it, Sir Percy recog nized the brig he had been looking for, the Venture, under command of Lord Leslie Avon, and lie signalled to: his two p:izcs to come back to an anchorage and all await the coming of the piralcrliuh'ting. cruiser, . V ?-- ^ CHAPTER L. ' : : TIIE MELTING. ' To say that it was a surprise to Lord Leslie Avon, his . officers, anil men when the brig approached the Caribbean coast of Panama to recognise thcPorcupiiie, is to express it mildiy. They had left the frigate Porcupine in New. York Harbour undergoing repairs, and here- she/was upon the coast of Panama. There could be no mistake about it, for Lord Avon knew her well, as did his officers and men who had come over in the frigate from England. The brig was consequently hended for the frigate and her prizes, and before long signals were exchanged. Tlie four vessels came to anchor, and Lord Avon went on board the Porcupine to see Sir Tercy. ; The officer in charge of his boat was Midshipman Vernon Harcourt. In the cabin of Sir Percy. Travis Lord Leslie Avon heard all that had occurred, and the commander of the Porcupine learned all about the cruise of the Ven ture. 'And you have this gallant fellow with you now, the brother of my favourite ?young officer, Harcourt?' asked Lord Avon. ' He is on board the. prize ship, which I gave him command of to take to N$w York. ' , '?Indeed 1 I have a .curiosity to see him, and his brother came aboar.d of your vessel with me.' ' I will signal him to', qome aboard, and you can have your young Harcourt in the cabin here, so that we can see the meeting, which will be interesting, for neither knows, of course, of the other's being here.' ' And Sir Percy Travis ordered a signal ' to be made to bring the young comman der of the ship on board the Porcupine, while Vernon Harcourt was sent for to come into the cabin. -V. Not a wprd was said to give him a. sus picion of his brother's presence, and in a little while Lionel Harcourt, in full uni form and wearing tlie'' r:\nk of !) junior lieutenant, entered tlie cabin of the Por cupine. , - - ~ He saluted his commander, 'yas pre sented to Lord Avon, and then his eyes fell on his brother. He started, but stepped quickly for ward with extended hand. ' Brother Vernon I' You here?' But Vernon Harcoyrt had turned as white as a ghost. His lips quivered, and he seemed almost overcome by the emo tion? that shook him. He gazed from his brother to the two commanders, until, seeing that he must nnke an effort to control himself, he sqid: ' Lionel, I am completely over whelmed. I left you ill. At the point of djeath.' ' Yes, but I recovered, as you see, and, thanks to Sir Percy Travis, I have now a place in tho king's service, as you have.' ^ ' ' A lieutenancy.' 'Yes, Harcourt, and well deserved, from what Sir Percy tells me. But why did you never speak of your brother to me ?' said Lord Avon. ' I have feared, sir, that my brother .was dead, for I left him at the point of death, and he was so dear to me that ' I can well understand your feelings, Harcourt ; but I congratulate you both upon your success, and your father upon having two such sons. Which is the elder?' That, sir, . we do not know,' replied Lionel. ? ? 375 ' uo not Known - ' No, sir.' . 'And your father is a nobleman, with large 'estates r' ' Still, sir, he has kept us'in ignorance of our age.' ' Arc you twins ?' 'That, sir, I cannot tell.' 'This is strange, for one of you must be heir to the title and estates of your father.' ' As for that, sjr, I do not for myself care, and Vernon is welcome to U'ie title and fortune he may inherit, for, I hope to win a name and weahh for myself by my sword.' ' Well said, Lieutenant Lionel Har court, and you have begun right well about it,' said Lord Avon. After some further conversation, Lord Avon accepted Sir Percy's invitation to dine witb him, and Lionel asked tns tin* ther to go with him on boari^of ilie ship, which, after some hesitation, |he did, and the two were rowed away together to the prize. ' There is some mystery in all this, my lord,' said Sir Percy, after the brothers had left them. j ' There seems to be, for Vernon Har court never spoke to me of laving a bro ther.' V 'IBut Lionel did tell m* of his bro ther, for he went to Lord Himmond -and asked for an appointment, Ad was told that as Vernon had won -ne, he must win rank if he wished it. Thiii the young man set to work to do so, tnd you see how he has done it.' ' 'Yes. And my Lord Hajnmond will be amazed lo find him a lieu tenant upon his return.' 'He will, in truth. Bu now, how about this Red Hand and\his scarlet schooner?' ? J, ' He must be taken.' ' ~r':' ' True ; and we will both ci iise for him. It is best to send back on le ship and brig all that we do not need, htl then for the frigate and Venture to £ - in search of the Sea Scourge.' ' So I argue,' was the repw. And the two officers sat tpvn to din ner together, while they fiiiier tn Iked over their affairs. j. In the meantime, Lionel aid Ve: non Harcourt had gone on boa&ibenfije.; ship, amVthey-xrtsarsat dcv.:X fwa'rtar together. Vernon seemed constrained! and 11 at ease, but Lionel was very plea -ant, r. tlor ing the best dinner liis cook could give him, and, until the departure sf his'ho tlier at a signal from the frigate, appeared to be perfectly contented with lii-.Vscl I and the wotld in general. - / 1 Hs had told Vernon lio\v lie; h'ad Von his position, and had' said: j : j ' It's a race between usnovV fora'cap taincy, Vernon.' ' ? \ v- 1 ' Yes — with you alrea-& i-\ tlit lead,' was the moody reply. / ' So far I have been favoured with a chance of doing more toj3e3ci;ve it, fur since my capture of the Sea Shark, the re-captuie of. lh'e 'Destroyey, jiy board ing. the Poraipine,' anc1^ fating ;of Red Hand's retreat, has not been a vcry long time.' - i 1 Vernon winced, at this re^apjulation of Lionel's two first heroic ncis when he had been so severely wcimWd, and ventured j v . . ' -] 'T suppose Sir Percy, gave yqu youi first advance on account of tlii^ capture of the schooner of Red Hand?' i, )j 'No, indeed, for I never. sjioki-, of the affair, either to him or Lord iicirtmond Hunter, 'as I saw that th'ey wc|; some what mixed up,7 and regarded! yo/ as the one wiio had done ; that first( Writ. I j would not, of course, stand injyorr light, Vernon'.' . ' -' v- : { I Vernon Harcourt gave a .deep [ship of reliefnt this. - I j He had feared that he wouli stand in a different light in the eyes of Lord Avon I had' he discovered that lie had served in borrowed plumage. -. ,? ' I saw afterwards, Lionel, that there was a misunderstanding, and', it came from my having taken tlie vessels up to. deliver to Lord Hammond, when you1 were so severely wounded, Tliey were surrendered in my name, and hence the mistake of sending to me the reward in -the shape of an appointment. I You were lying at the point of death, and I was' ordered off suddenly, so I 'thought I. would let all remain until my return, when it could be nrranged with you.'- | Lionel Harcourt made no response to this, and shortly after Vernon took his departure. j ? A few more men, wounded and inva lids, were sent on board the ship, and then the four vessels set sail—the frigate and brig-of-war in search of the . Scarlet Scourge, and the other two prize vessels for New York. ^ L'Jo bt uii/iHut -/.) ? ' - ' i 