[?] THE HOUSE BY THE COMMON. (By Thomas Oobb.) CHAPTER Vm.—MKS HUTOHINS'S GHOST. It was certain that some one at The Friars needed the services of a medical man, and after my experiences of the pre vious nigh\ I could hardly doubt that it was Dora. That she had broken down as a consequence of her over- wrought mental condition was not surprising, a although when she left me on Tuesday I had been Bfcruck by her appearance of health and Btrength. Indeed, until last night, when I had seen her leaning on Mrs Mannings tree for support,, and heard her cough, I had marvelled not a little that she be trayed such slight physical signs of her ?mental excitement, r Whilst too anxious for her sake, too impatient to hear the result of Donaldson's visit, to think much of myself j I felt somewhat sore that Laacellea had not summoned me instead of Dr. Smith. For doubtless had Lascellea been aware of Dr. Smith's absence he would not have coma to the house. It is n?y experience that a locum tenens is generally avoided. It was not as if Mrs Manninetree had been dissatisfied with my treatment of [ her husband ; had this been the case, I should scarcely have been bidden to the funeral and certainly not to luncheon afterwards. But presently another idea occurred to me. Perhaps, after what had passed between us on Tuesday, Dora pre ferred not to avail herself of my services. At last I heard footsteps outside, and to ray great satisfaction they stopped at Dr. Smith's door. This was opened by a latchkey. Donaldson left his companion in the hall while he went to. the dispen sary, and presently returning usharedMr Lascelles out, and. entering the dining room with a sigM-of relief, threw himself into an armchair. . .-,-,.? ' Tired as a horse,' he exclaimed ; 'dead beat. Awfully sorry to leave you so long my dear fellow. If I had guessed it was so far I ?«rould have had the carriage out.' 'You have been to Mrs Manningtree'a/ I answered, 'to The .Friars.' - 11 ' Who on earth told you that V he asked, looking up from the cigarette he was] roll ' I was looking out of the window when you started ; I saw you leave the house with Lascelles,' I replied, trying to appear at ease. '?..'' ' .'?; '.;'.,. ' .' ' ? ' '? '!' ' You know the man ? ' ,-',.' . ;. ? ; 1 Very. slightly. :A little while ago I ? had a patient at the house— -Colonel Man ningtree. He died a month or so. ago.' ; ' Oh, Mrs Manningtree's husband. A j devilish fine woman, Mrs Manningtree, I Everest; Well, my dear fellow,' 'he ' J added, as he lighted his cigarette, 'upon I my wor-3 i I ana awfully Borry if I have cut I you out;' v ? ? j M don't care a rap about that,'; I I assured him. 'What T want to knbw is ?. the name of your patiant, arid if It ' is the one I fear, all about the affair. /The fact [ is, I take a— a great interest, in— — ' ....?'.' 'In my patients, perhaps. If you do, I am sorry for'you, old man.' ? . 'Who is your patient V I demanded. ' For heaven's sake, don't beat about the bush.' , ;,????, ., . -?.?.,;..;:-?,;?,--, ? ' Miss ManniDgtree. I am sorry to say she is in a, bad way, too.' : .?.,. 'In a bad way I' I cried. 'Impossible! WllP.n T Raw Tior nn TnflnrlaTr nli'o utqo well as I am.' / 'No,' he said, gravely. 'Miss' Man- ningtree has not been so well as you are for a long time. She has not been any thing like well for many months past'. Hullo, Everest ! what's up ? You look as white as she does.' ? ' Do you mean to say that her mind has given way. then?' I demanded, leaning forward as I clutched the a«ms of my chair. ?'? ?????? '? ? ; .'??.???? '' ?? .'? 'Her mind ? ' he said, looking be wildered. 'I heard nothing about her mental state. Miss Manningtree is Buf fering from phthisis, evidently a long standing, neglected case. There's' a. good deal of tubercle— in fact,I give her a week to live.' . ? .???''?.'?'? ...... ?-?;. ? -???? As I listened I felt utterly lost. Pre sumedly Donaldson was sane, yet -if he . was sane, assuredly I muat bo mad. There was no reason to doubt him, I could not believe him. If he Had told me of a \- '' ' ?I-.™—. ? . . ? .f 1 breakdown of , her nervous system, that she suffered from inflammation of the brain, I should have credited his words without hesitation, but that Dora was the victim of phthisis in an advanced stage appeared absolutely incredible. 'Donaldson,' I cried, * you are making ?' some lamentable mistake.' ?My dear fellow, have you stethoscoped. Miss Manningtree 1 because I did so an hour ago. I tell you that one lung is gone, that the other is going. Her life is not worth a week's -purchase. I am sorry if it hits you hard, Evarest.' ' It would hit me hard if It were true,' I replied, careless of his feelings in my intense excitement. ? 'But it is not true, it cannot be true. lam not saying that your diagnosis is wrong — ' 5 1 thought you were, it Bounded like it. . 'Tell me what your patient is like,'3T said'; ' describe her as exactly as you can.' 'Well,; she must be tall — above the average height, I should Bay — about twenty, or barely twenty years of age,and ' quite unusually fair.' '.Miss Manningtree i3 the most beauti . ful girl I ever beheld, I exclaimed. : .,..;? ' le-es,' he replied, critically, 'a little while ago she may. have been, goodlook ing, r Now, of course, Bhe is a mere wrecks ? .wasted, hollow- cheeked, an$ at times ^here's a good deal of hectic' . \ 'Then,' I cried as I rose from the chair, 'it is not Dora.' ' ' ' That was certainly the name by 'which Mrs Manningtree spoke of my patient to Mr Lascelles, Everest.' 'Before 'her— to your patient's face V I asked. ' 'I don't remember. Lascelles came to the bed-room while I was there— — ' 'Which room was it V 'On the first floor, to the right of the house as you face it,' he answered. And this waB.certainly Dora'B bedroom. ....... ?'How,' by what name did she address . Mrs Manningtree ?' I persisted, still un ' able: to. believe. '.My dear fellow,' he said, 'you cannot have listened to what I havebeen saying. Miss Manningtree is quite beyond speak ?'ing.',,. ? ?-. -??' . ? ;? ? ? ? ? ; '; I strode up and down the room in per plexity; ' Dbnaldson/ I said, stopping in fcont of his chair, ' you will think I am mad, but I tell you that as truly as I stand here, your patient is not Dora Man ningtree. .; Who she is I don't pretend to , know, nor why she should be so de7 scribed— unless Dora has . a twin Bister. But she is not Dora.' ' Of course; old fellow, I know only what her mother told me.' ? Her stepmother,' I hinted. .-'?? 'Oh, I did not understand that. How ever, it makes no difference. 1 tell you * what, Everest; I am not supposed to know that you have been attending anyone at the house. The case is quite serious -enough for a consultation. I will ask for ,. one, and if ftira Manningtree agrees, you ' meet ine. Perhaps, you. will then be con ymced.' :.^ ' ' .-.'.. ,'. . '. : ; ? ? - '.. 'If I see, of course, Imust believe/ I 'said1; 'but,;, upon my soul, I cannot believe it without, seeing.' Thanking Donaldson, warmly, for his suggestion, which, if ?acted upon, would solve my doubts in a day. or two, . I took .nay Vleave, and on reaching the street, cstaggeredl like a drunken man . ' . 'Sleep was out of the question, and feel ing, foolishly enough, that the; sight of the house yirbuld further the solution of the mystery, I turned my steps towards '? {The Friars. The Bky was blackly overcast ; not a light was to be seen anywhere, nor could I penetrate the mental darkness whibh i encompassed me. ;. ;_I stood long outside the house looming (dark before me, watching the solitary lijjht whichf ell through the blind of Dora's window, I removed my hat to catch the faint night breeze on my burning forehead, and the entire force of my being was con centrated in one prayer for help. How 1 passed the wretched Inactive hight,I know 'np.tj'nbr ^he equally purposeless day. which followed; it. I went'about my work; but at each bedside I seemed to look down on ^Dora's face. j, - Although nothing had happened to altSr my opinion, her illness seemed less- im- possible, as the idea of it became more' Jamiliar. And, ridiculous as it may appear, 'that 'which]} more than anything, besides, inolined me to believe in the truth of Dbnaldsdn'a report was Dora's own fore bodiag ^ evil, There still remained many f aots which I could not reconcile ; but there was almost less difficulty in believ ing either that Donaldson's diagnosis was wrong on the one hand, or that hia patient was not Dora Manningtree on the other. The day passed without a word about the consultation, but before proceedings to Dr. Smith's house, once more I turned my steps towards The Friars, this; time with a definite purpose. I waited at the corner of the lane until, at a few minutes past nine,l saw Mrs Hutchings, the woman who had not passed a day without going to the house since the week before Colo nel Manningtree's death. When I accosted her, she was so startled as almost to drop her well-filled basket. She was a tall, clean-looking woman of fifty, wearing a grey shawl over a blaok dress, and a black velvet bonnet adorned by crimson poppies. 'I don't know whether you remember me,' I said,, walking by her side, towards Mount Ephraim, 'I am Dr. Everest. I attended Colonel Manningtree. I am anxious for a few minutes' conversation withyou— my house is not far off/ I m always willing to oblige,' aha answered, 'and nursing I've done in plenty— both monthly and sick. But at present I'm not open, being engaged till September, which is a certainty/ I induced her, nevertheless, to enter the house, and after a futile attempt to hide the neck of a bottle with the lid of her basket, Bhe discreetly drew her shawl over if and sat down. 'Well,' Mrs Hutchings,' I began, 'and h0* a*e thinSa going. along at The Friars?1 _ Whioa it isn't my ,'abit to gossip, sir,' she answered, 'Keep your eyes and ears open and your mouth shut is ray motto except for victuals and driok, though moderate at th&t.;' 'Just so. Are you still the only person employed at the house ?' 'I am, sir; except my daughter,aB helps, occasional.' 'And you, I believe, go home to sleep?' I inquired. ... 'I do, sir, and I won't say but what it is convenient,' sh-, said, glancing down at her bulging shawl, * and to tell you the truth, which I always do and always will, I shouldn't sleep if I didn't go home. I am not what you can call a nervous party, but it s my belief— and/those may deny it who like— that there's ghosts a-walkingin ,that house !' ' ' ' . 1 At another time I might have smiled at the assertion, but I was incapable of any thing of the kind to-night. My thoughts at once flew to Dora'a account of her ex periences on the night of Colonel Man ningtree's death. . ' What makes you believe that, Mrs Hutchings V ' ' There's many things as make me believe it, air, if you can call them things, which I don't; know what else to callem;' though they ain't. First of all, it was at the time ot the poor Colonel's death. I knew he would never get well again from the beginning. Warnings ain't waBted like that.' ' Warnings ?' I, ejaculated. ' If they wasn't, what was they V she asked defiantly. ' Sometimes it was foot stepa where there wasn't any feet. Sometimes it was voices where there wasn't any tongues. What it must have been like in the night, goodness only knows ; it was enough to freeze your blood in the day !' ' What kind'of noises ?' Tasked. _ ' Cries like some poor soul in trouble, sir, that's what they -was. . Trampings up and down where there wasn't any huming soul to tramp. Oh, dear, and I've got to walk home to-night !' 'Do you mean to tell me,' I demanded, ' that you heard these cries just before Colonel Manningtree's death V 1 Tes, sir, and just after his death to.' With difficulty I suppressed an outcry of amazement. Great heaven ! I was actually receiving confirmation of Dora's statement, of- the statement which I had always regarded as the outcome of her exited imagination . Yet this confirmation only intensified the mystery. Until now, I had believed that those sounds were purely subjective. But Mrs Hutchings had heard them as well as Dora. Not, of course, the identical cries, , since these troubled Dora in the night-, when the woman would have been sleeping in her own house. -'The strangest thing in/ Mrs Hut chings continued, 'that cow poor Miss Dora is ill, the warnings have come again?' . , ' What ; you still think that you hear Colonel Manningtree's voice in the house ? For I had actually seen my patient after his heart had ceased to beat. ' Whose voice it is,' Bir, it ain't for me to say ; only it isa't Miss Dora's, because she's too ill, poor dear. The only sound that comes from her room 1b her cough, and that's enough to break your 'art. It ia'nt Mr Lascelles's voice, nor Mrs Manningtree'B, and it. isn't for me to mate no assertions, though I know what it means, as I told Mr Lascelles. ' ' You told him. '. What did he say V I asked. . ' Well, sir, I'm a poor woman with eight living, but I've got my principles. I t^iouldnJt like to repeat it for fear of a judgment which you may never know what shape it'll take. He spoke loud,and he spoke strong, until Mr3 Manningtree pacified him, which I only told him of the noiseB the same in the daytime and in the dark, and the same before the poor Colonel died, says. The house is a quiet house, sir, and when 'you're ah earing of the olook ticking and not a breath besides, arid then there cornea a sigh fit to break your 'art, if you've got one, it do make you cold all over, though it's only a aperrit.' ' , ' You have not been in the sick room V I asked. (No, sir; Mrs Manningtree is that devoted she do it all herself, with no nurse nor nothing. Night and day she'll sit up, not minding a bit. I'm sure it was a shock to. me when I came on Friday morning and heard Miss Dora was ill ; an awful shock it were. . Send for Dr. Eve rest — that was what I said.' ' Xes,yes,but where was Mias Manning tree the day before you were told she was ill— on Thursday?' ' At home, to 'be sure, as she well nigh always is, and no doubt feeling the com plaint a coming on. Mrs Manningtree she started out after luncheon, and when I put on my bonnet and shawl at nine oclock, she hadn't come home.' Miss Dora comes running down to the kitchen and begs and implores me ''to.' stay till the mistress returned.' ; 'Why didn't you stay?' tasked. ? Ah, why, indeed. . ..' Stay, my dear,' says I, of course I will ; when there stood MrXascelles behind Miss Dora,, just as if he had started out , of the ground. He used language again, sir, and almost bun bled me out of the house.' . ' Where was Miss Manningtree when you left The Friars V T inquired. ' She ran away frightened. he ard her shut the door of her'room. I noticed she looked scared like.which was no doubt the consumption in the system. When I came next morning, as I was saying, Miss Dora was very bad, and Mxb Manning tree had been up all night.' 'Yet they did not send for a medical man for several hours,' I said half aloud. .' Some folks never will, sir, th ough I always do say— -. ' , 'As a-.faot,' I said, 'you have not seen Miss Manningtree since nine o clcck o Thursday night.' . 'No, sir, I've not, which is gosfiel truth,1 was the answer. One question was thus settled beyond all doubt : it could not have been Dora whom I saw on RuBthall Common at midnight. Unless, indeed, Mrs Manning tree returned soon after Mra Hutchings' departure and started out thus late with her step-daughter. But this appeared exceedingly unlikely. Yet if it was not Dora, who was it ? ' Who were in the house when you arrived on Friday — yesterday morning?' Ill asked. 'Mr Lascelles and Mrs Manningtree, sir, and not a soul besides them, and Mies Dora.' 'You have neither Been nor heard a stranger in the houae?' I persisted. ' What I heard, I've told you, sir. But there's not any huming person in that house but them three, which I'd main tain with my dying breath. ' ?Thank you,' I replied, and request ing her not to mention our interview, and placing, in her not unwilling hand a sove reign, I let her out of the house. CHAPTER IX. — MR OABT WEIGHT. I felt ae if I were acting in a dream, aa if I were the victim of some horrible nightmare. Events would not harmonise ; everything was disjointed. On Thursday night I had seen Mra Manningtree enter The Friars with a companion, who could not have been Dora, since Mrs HutchingB had seen Dora at home as late a3 nine' o'clock. Yet this visitor, whoever she was,, appeared to be no longer at The FsiaKs* This was mystery number one. Donaldson's patient was dying from phthisis ; was' called by Dora'B name ; her description answered to that of Dora. Yet only a few days ago I could have sworn that Dora's lungs were perfectly sound. This was mystery number two. Then Mrs Hutchings had described certain ghostly noises even as Dora had described simifar sounds at the time of Colonel Manningtree's death. These noiBes were audible agaia now, and this was mystery number three. Now one thing seemed clear amidst the mi3t which enshrouded all besides. I had been wrong in attributing Dora's ex periences on the night following the day of her father's death to illusion. There remained this question, was I wrong also in ascribing her dread foreboding also to fancy? True, it might be due to the de pression preceding her present illness— to assume that she was really ill ; but, on the other hand,hei' dread might have been justified by circumstances of which I wag still ignorant. For, undoubtedly, when I' listened to ber on Tuesday, I was filled with the idea that she told me only the sequel to her previous imaginary experi ences. (To be continued.) 