the rose of allandale. BT GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of 44 233 E, The fitory of a Double Life,' " The Myatery of a Millionaire's Grave/1 etc. CHATTER XII. — Love s Young Dbeam. Wallard's fnend, Gard, quickly beckoned to a hansom and it was by hie aide almost immediately. 44 You see that four-wheeler iusfc starting ?' 44 Yes, sir.'' 44 Follow it up. Do not lose eight of it for S moment. When it stops at a hotel drive glowly on past it, till you see the fares leave." "Right you are,1' said tbo cabby, and the chase began. It was, however, one of no great length or difficulty. The cab drew up at the L , sod the partly alighted and entered, after feptain Gregory had paid the fare. Wallard wae not a very early riser, but shout twelve next day hie private hansom ran him quickly down to the li . "Wait/ said Wallard. He entered the hotel, some waiters who stood about obsequioosly bowing to him as he passed them. These men knew a private hansom from a public one, and were of that class who honor heavy gold chains and diamond rings, whether false or real. 44 Bedroom, sir?" 44 No, thank you. Fact is some friends of mine, I believe, are staying here, and 1 want to snrprise them." 44 What name, sir:" 11 Ah 1 I believe they are travelling incog." He nodded and smiled. "Honeymooning; eh, sir?" 44 Something of that, sort." "Onea seafaring-looking gent? His wife, much younger, petite and pretty ; a very beautiful girl, perhaps a daughter of the gent's by a former marriage. How'd that gait, sir:" 41 The very thing ; but was there not a young man?" 44 Ah ! yes : visitor, undoubtedly, and the girl's lover quite as undoubtedly." Half a sovereign at this stage of the con versation found its way into the clerk's hand. 41 1 wish to see the elder lady alone. Can we manage it?" 14 Certainly, sir, but——" 11 But what ."' 44 They went sway this morning." 11 Whew — w — w!" whistled Wallard. 44 Did the porter note the number of the flyf" 44 1 believe so, sir." The porter had noted the number, and it took Wallard all that day to obtain further information. At the conclusion thereof all that he had found out was that 12,008 had driven three of the party to St. Pancras and left them there. Whither they were going he could not tell. He bad got another fare and gone off. Nor could the sight of gold stimulate the memory of the railway porter, who usually labels the luggage for the North. I fear Wallard would have made but a poor deteotive. However, he suoceeded at last in hading out at the L that the party had come direct from a certain well- Known old-fashioned inn up in the lake district. So Wallard made preparation for an ex tended tour. He would trace them back wards, as he had failed to trace them for wards. One thing, at least, he bad found out — their names, Tom Gregory and Mrs i Gregory and Rose Roberts were written in | the visitors1 book plainly enough, and Winnie's husband did not look like a man who would trouble himself to travel incog. He was eaid to be a seafaring-looking gent. This. Wallard himself could confirm, 1 but for all that he might be a coal and coke merchant, a :bus proprietor or a cattle dealer. So this helped biia but little. However, to a considerable extent Wallard was now in his clement. He had something to do oi an exciting nature, a game to play, 8 mystery to unravel, revenge to take, and, above all, probably a young and beautiful girl to fascinate as a guerdon of success. Since mauy, many years ago a relative of his had died and left him a legacy that placed a life-long barrier betwixt him and the pos sibility of poverty, time had upon the whole hung somewhat heavily on Wallard's hands. He had soon exhausted all the ordinary pleasures of life, at least all of them ho cared to try. For Wallard was no fool ; he had never lost much money on horse-racing, he | went iu for the turf just as he at tiiucs went in for baccarat or loo, or the small stake sys tem, merely enough to create interest and a pleasant kind of excitement that tended to grease the wheels of lagging time. But he had never been either drunkard, drinking man, or roue, so at thirty-five we find him looking very little older than many men of eight and- twenty. His one failing was the lair sex. To gain any kind of a victory over a lovely Woman, or to secure any sort of favor from her was worth, to his way of thinking, any amount of trouble or expense either. A lovely woman, Wallard had told his com- paaiucs many times and oft, was the only Stakein this world worth playing for, and if there was a man in the way, whether that man were a brother, a lover or a husband, it ing for. As a very young man, WallanFhad been very engaging, as many of the lady passengers in the ship in which he acted as paymaster knew to their cost, but now he wae doubly captivating, doubly dangerous— and he knew it. The knowledge created plea sures within his breast, adding also to the sang froid of his manner ana very much indeed to his innate 6elf conceit. But his experience told him that, as a rule, women did not object to a little conceit or vanity in a man, arid that they were very much in clined to take him at the value at which he rated himself. Bo now, Wallard was once more on the warpath. He was a private detective, but noting on his own responsibility, and entirely on his own behalf. _WeU, there are two sorts of detectives. There is the exceedingly clever class, who having onoe found a clue, should it be but a Woman's hair on the sleeve of a coat, or a dash of some peculiar perfume in a handker chief, build up a sturdy pathway on or from that hair or perfume which leads t hem unde viatingly ou to suoccss. This class of detec tives is only found in the stories or talcs of he sensational novelist, and never in real life by any chance whatever. Pobl& nasoitur aon fit they say of the bard, but it seems to me to be quite the reverse with the detective fit non nasoitur. He must be a plodding, industrious fellow, able, of course, to put that and that together, and to follow up a ' dne in a very indefatigable, but often enough an a very clumsy way indeed. And Wallard was neither better nor worse Jhn the ordinary Sootl&nd; Yard man. Bat be had the gift of patience, and now while doing his best to unearth his quarry, be did wot for a moment lose sight of the pleasures of life. He came baok from the Lake district, how- 298) ever, figuratively speaking, with his finger in his mouth. 44 Everything comes to him who can wait," he told Gard when rallied on the non- success of his mission. 44 I'm going to bide my time, Gard, my boy. The grapes are barely ripe, anyhow." Meanwhile the winter wore away, and Gregory's ship was once more reported ready for sea. Fatn indeed would "Winnie have kept her husband at home, and sad was her heart when she bade her sailor farewell. Something, she knew not what, seemed hang ing over her. Her husband might die or be lost. His Bhip might never return, or in his absence something might occur that she dared not even name herself. She could and would pray for him while far at sea, however. Winnie's faith was a very simple one. She felt in her heart of hearts that God himself is far more kind and merciful than man. That her Saviour even did not condemn the 44 woman caught in adultery," but bade her go and sin no more. And she Knew, too, that the devil having once gotton one to commit some particular 6in, is never better pleased than when he can point to it ana assert that it is a barrier, an eternal barrier, between the perpetrator and his Maker, that prayer is of no farther use, and forgiveness out of the question, whereas if there bo any truth at all in revealed religion, our iniquities serve at times to bring us nearer to Him, and his marvellous mercy building up within us a gratitude that forms the stepping- stone to the peace that passeth knowledge. Poor, simple Winnie. Her husband had no sooner gone, his barque, which she had watched with tearful eyes till its topsails had disappeared, had no sooner sunk behind the horizon, than she began bitterly to repent that she had not told bim all. He, so good, so trustful, so innocent, would assuredly have forgiven her, ay, and become her firm friend and protector. But now, alas ! it was too late. Then she began to count the long weary months that must elapse before his probable, nay his earliest return. Four at least. What an iuterminable time. February flew by, and March advanced, bringing with it bud and burgeon to the tree, tender "briard " to the brown, bare fields, a flush of green with daisies intermixed to the lees, and of song and sunshinetothe birds in woodland, heath and moor. Spring is a sweet time all the world over. Spring is the season of love, a glad, a joyous time to the young. When one day Rose received a letter from Frank M<Naughton — the first she'd ever had — to tell her that his ship would soon arrive at Southampton, and that he meant to spend his holidays near her home, Rose went and buried her crimsoned face on her mother's bosom as she banded her the letter. Her mother let Rose's head rest there while she read the brief epistle. Then she held her a little way off from her that she might look in her face while she answered thin simple question. 44 Rcse, child, do yon love this young man?" Rose did not answer at once. She seemed intent on trying to detach a button from her mother's dress. 44 1 don't quite know," she said. | Then once more she hid her face. And a | tear fell softly from her mother's eye as she kissed her daughter's hair. 44 Heaven grant," Winnie was praying, 44 that your love may be more happy than mine was." Yet neither in his letter nor at any time had young Frenlc M4Naughton breathed a word, a single word of love to Rose. It was strange, therefore, that eimply because she had come to love this sailor she should feel J quite certain in her own mind that be loved her. I am point; to content myself with the statement of facts, and not to attempt to auaiyse them psychologically, although to do so might prove a very interesting study. Does love beger love ? Do two young people, thrown together under certain circumstances, become in a measure en rapport as to soul? Do they attraot each other by any laws known to the psychist, or that ought to be known to him ? These are the questions which for the present I must leave unanswered. Frank M4Nuughton came to the village, and, strangely enough, found rooms at the house of Jamiesou, Gregory's old gardener friend. He was going to atudv bard now, he said. Well, he did 6tudy, but i think it was chiefly Browning, Shakespeare, and other poets, with botany, to which he had a leaning, es pecially that branch of it which treats of wild flowers. This— more mystery — hap pened to be a favorite study of Rose's. She was quite au fait with all the wild flowers of the district, so a kind of compact w&b; made between them. Rose was to assist Frank in arranging and classifying the wild flowers, and naturally enough in collecting them also, while in return he would initiate her into the mysteries of Browning. What a pleasant and happy spring and summer that was. How innocent and guileless. A summer to be looked back to in the darkness of later years, and mourned for as one mourns for the beautiful who die. Ah ! Tom Moore was right when he said — 44 There's nothing half so sweet in life As young love's dream." Did they plight their troth? No; and this was somewhat singular. Yet each had the most complete trust in the other, nerartheleEB. Luck favored "Wallard. Ho who walking one day with Gard on the outskirts of Bir mingham when it ooeurred to them to quench their thirst at an inn close by. The place was kept by a Scotsman, and on ths table lay an Aberdeen paper. " Captain Tom Gre gory, of the good ship Arctic Queen, reported as having a full ship, and expected home in a few weeks." " By George, Gard cried Wallard, with more enthuBiasm than ever his friend had seen him display before ; " I have it at last. Bead that." " It would seem so, said Gard. " And it is, Gard. Something tells me so. And I'm off to-night." Next evening found Wallard comfortably eusconsed at the Palace hotel, Aberdeen, and soon after 10 o'olook ou the next morning he was busily engaged reading over the back files of the " Journal." Yes, here it was at last, the marriage of Tom Gregory to inuie Roberts, of, etc., etc. Wallard laughed aloud in hiB glee. " Trumps at last," he said to lumBelf, aa ho sauntered hack to hie hotel. Boat to Lerwick, air r Let me see, sir. Why, this evening at 6 o'clock." "Thank you, waiter. And the Green land sliipB on their return voyage all call " They're obliged to, sir, to land the Shetland portion of their crew." On the qnarter-deok of the Scottish Chief- tain that same evening, while the vessel was heading away for the far-off Ultima Thule, nunc walked with a more elastio stride than Wallard. He had formed his plans, and suooess seemed a certainty. CHAPTER XIII. — Fage to Face with the Awful Past. Not only did Wallard believe himself to bo a detective of the first water, but in talk ing to his especial friend, Lord — — the impeeunious son of a noble honse— he gave himself all the airs of oue. At ou W0»"he would say, 44 that this will turn out precisely as I predict." give him his due, it sometimes did, for the man really possessed a considerable knowledge of human nature, especially female human nature. But although on that I evening, when he turned his glasses upon Captain Gregory's box, he looked mostly at j Winnie herself and her beautiful young daughter, tbo hnshand did not escape his notice and study. 14 Soft," he remarked to himself, 44 a man that, if I desire to, I can twist round my finger, or mould into any shape I choose." It was because he thought he had need of Gregory that he was now hieing northward to Lerwick. Mobc men, having found Winnie's address, would have turned up there and taken chance of winning Rosie's heart. Yes, it was poor Ruse whom Wallard now intended to make his quarry Talk of love at first sight, well, here was an instance of it. In one moment Wallard had trans ferred all his love— if real love can exist in the breast of such & man as this — which he onco had borne for the mother to the daughter. She had all her mother's beauty, her mother's hair and eyes, and all her mother's winsome ways, and she was young, an opening hud, like a rose in its pristine bloom and color, ore the sun has stolen its charming tints. What chance had ho with so young and innocent a child as this ? He did not hesi tate to ask himself this question. You will hate him when I tell you he asked the ques tion before his mirror. 44 Chance enough," he conceitedly replied, smiling at his re flection. 44 There ien't a grey hair yet in those temples nor in tb&t; beard. There is not the ghost of a wrinkle around those eyes. I have lived a healthful life, nor have I ever frittered myself away. See how clear my eyes are, how smooth and white my brow. I know woman's heart thoroughly, and be sides all — I have money, not to call it wealth." That was Wallard's verdict of himself. The Scottish Chieftain made a splendid passage to Lerwick, and almost the first question Wallard asked when he had got on Bhore was : " Has the Arctic Queen come iu yet ?" 4 No,' was the reply, 44 hut she is ex pected here every day." 44 She won't 6tay here long, I suppose ?" 44 Only a day," cried the landlord, then he winked. 44 You see, sir," he added, by way of explaining his wink, 44 the skipper got married last fell, and he'll crack on home to hie wife you may be sure. And they say she is a full ship this time." And sure enough next afternoon the Arctic Queen sailed into the great harbor or land-locked saltwater lake in front of the queer quaint town of Lerwick. Almost immediately after she had dropped anchor and clued sails, boats were seen shov ing off from the vessel, filled with brawny Shetianders, with their bag6 and their boxes. Their friends were on the beach to await their ooming, and such a scene of affeotionate greeting, when they did land, Wallatd had never witnessed before. Wives, sisters, and grey-haired mothers and fathers all struggled and fougiit for their boys' embraces, and the babble of strange tongues, the laughing and cheering were something to be heard and re membered for ever. Impelled by the arms of the sturdy Scots there next came the Captain's own whaler. Gregory looked grand, Wallard could not help thinking so. In evening dress he had been a failure, but here in his suit of frock pilot and sailor's hat, he was every inch a Beam&n; and a man. He went straight towards the hotel, where he was met by many of his Shetland friends and acquaintances, and every hand was stretohed oat to grasp his. 14 Bravo, the Arotio Queen." 44 Full np again, Gregory?'' " The luckiest ship that goes to the country." 44 The luckiest skipper, too !" 44 Not a bit of it," putin the landlord, 44 Captain Thom&B; Gregory has a head upon hie shoulders, that's it, neighbors. But I say, skipper, what stay are yon going to make ?" 44 Be off to-morrow, MrB." 44 Ah! but you'll let the bGys come on shore to enjoy themselves and buy some pretty roits for their sweethearts, you can't refuse them that, surely, since you've been so lucky ?" 44 No, I suppose I musn't," said Gregory, laughing. 44 There are lots of letters for you in the coffee room." 44 Well, I'll go and get them. I hope all's well at home. By-bye, boys, see you all later on." Wallard in the back-ground had been listening to this conversation. He now quietly followed Gregory into the room, and took up a paper. The honest sailor read his letters from home, and many a smile of joy stole over hiB countenance as he did so. 44 All well and happy," he said aloud at last. 44 Thank the Lord of Heaven for that." It was a very fervent ejaculation, and ended with a sigh of intense relief. Then he looked rouud and noticed Wallard. 44 Why" be said, laughing. "I really thought I was all alone." 44 Never mind me, Captain," eaid Wallard. 44 But permit me to congratulate you on the fact that your letters have given you pleasure." 4 4 Ah! yes, I'm in luck this voyage. So different from last. Walter, bring me a little whisky and soda." 44 May I join you, sir, in a drink?" 44 You're very good, Mr — a — " 44 Wallard is my name." 44 And I'm Tom Gregoiy — plain Tom Gregory." 44 Pleased to meet you, I'm sure." The two men shook hands with a certain degree of heartiness. 44 Now," said Wallard, when the drinks were brought, 44 is there anything I can tell you? Fori suppose you haven't had news for many a day ; but let me say, to begin with, that the Conservative Government is still in power, that the grand old 41 Fiddlestick !" interrupted Gregory. 44 Well, the grand old fiddlestick is alive and hearty, that the Irish question remains unsettled, and that we haven't come to war with France over Egypt yet." 44 Bravo 1 Sir, I'm pleased to have met yon." 44 And I to have met you, Captain Gregory. Will you dine with me here to-night? I daresay the viands we shall get will not rival those of Delmonico or the Cri., but say you accept, and I'll give the order, and try to stir the old folks up." 44 0, with pleasure, I'm sure." 44 And," said Wallard, 44 1 shall tell yon all yon want to know about our dear old country, and you can give me information abont seal bunting, bear stalking, and all the wild sports of the far North." 14 That I can. I am au old ice-man, and, though I say it myself, what I don't know about Greeuland, north and we.-t — well, isn't worth making a note of. Are you fond of sport, Mr Wallard?" 44 Passionately so. In fact, Captain Gregory, I'm rather an idle fellow. I had the good, or bad, fortune some years ago to be left what is called a thumping legaoy, and I tbo gave up sea- life as a profession." 44 What ! Do I speak to a brother sailor ?" 4 4 1 have been a seafarer for many years, if not a sailor. Entered as a humble clerk, and rose to be a humble purser." 44 You're a sailor, and that's enough for me. Tip me your flipper again, and exouse my broken English. You've been a seafarer. But how could you have given it up ?" 44 Oh, I did not quite give op the sea. In fact, since thin legacy was left me, 1 have visited every land on earth whose shores are lapped by blue water. And I'm not sure that I shan't take a passage next season in a sealer to Greenland, just for the sake of sport." 44 Well, look here, sir, you're a man of the world, I can see ; and if yon care to take a trip up north with your gun, let me know. My barque isn't big, but I'll mate room for you.' The dinner passed off to Wallard's com plete satisfaction, and before Gregory and he parted for tbo night, Wallard had secured a passage baok to Sootland on board the Arctic Queen. This was precisely what he wanted. The winds were oontrary at times, and at times there was so wind at all, so the voyage was quite a long one. But Wallard made himself the life and joy of the ship ; he was soon beloved fore and aft. 44 How I should have been fretting and fuming now," said the good skipper, 4 4 if you had not been on board. I tell yon what it is, Mr Wallard, Providence must have sent you." 44 What a capital actor I should have made!" thought Wallard. But a fair wind came at last, and the good barque spread her wings and flew before it. 44 X dare say," said Wallard, on the last morning, 44 there are plenty of trains Bouth?" " Look here, Mr Wallard, if you talk about running off south for two or three weeks to come I shall make you strict prisoner in my bungalow and clap a sentry at your door armed with a harpoon gun." : Wallard laughed. 44 Don't forget," he said, 44 that you have a wife to please. Ladies don't love mo, Gregory." 44 Come, come," said the innocent skipper, 44 that's poet a joke. You don't know Winnie." 44 Don't I, though," thought Wallard. 44 She'll welcome you for my sake." 44 She's welcomed me for my own ere now," Wallard said to bis heart. 14 And tittle Robc. The Rose of Allan- dale. Why bother me. I hadn't thought of her. Nothing more unlikely than that you should fall in love with her, and ehe with you. He, ha, ha. Just my joke, Wallard. However, home you come with me, and we'll have some fun, you bet." Winnie was among the first to come on board. She rnshed into her husband's arms. She was in tears with very joy. Then came Rose and fondled her step-father, not less earnestly, if a little more shyly. 44 0, by the way, Winnie, at Lerwick I got acquainted with such a dear good handsome fellow, a eailor, too. I want him to stay for a few weeks with us. I know you'll wel come him for your hueband's sake. And you mustsing to him sometimes, Rose. My eyes, darting, how bonnie yon look ! Come and kiss your daddy once again. But where on earth has Wallard disappeared to? Below is he, steward? How pale you are, Winnie ! No fainting fit again. I hope." Winnie staggered a little, and would have fallen, but for Wallard himself who, on hie name being mentioned, rushed up the com panion. And now ho held Winnie in his arms, Winnie fainting, prostrate. He rejoicing triumphant. It was a strange situation. Melodramatic in a measure, though it had been none of Wallard's seeking, and certainly not what he had expected. But hore was the poor writhing victim, powerless as it were in the talons of the mer ciless persecutor. His hated breath was on her brow, his face was close to hers, while Gregory, distracted, had hurried away to fetch water. 44 Dissemble a little, "..whispered Wallard. 44 Yon must. He knows nothing, positively nothing." 44 Leave me now," she gasped. She sat in a deck chair, erect hut pale. Rose in tears was kneeling at her feet. Wallard with folded arms, himself a tittle pale, now stood behind the chair, his eyes riveted in ill-disguised admiration upon Rose's upturned face. Back bustled Gregory, and in a few minutes Winnie smiled and seemed her own happy self again. Seemed? Yes, she was dissembling. She must, as Wallard had said. God give her strength. She was face to face onoe more with the awful past. CHAPTER XIV.— A GUTE OF LIFE OB Death. It is so hard for anyone whose nature is sensitive to have to dissemble — to live a tie ! And Winnie had not a single friend in whom ehe could confide, or to whom ehe could tell her Borrows, or the Bad story of the crime. There was one, only one, who knew the whole sad tale, and a gentle loving heart ehe had, albeit but a Cingalee. That one was Weeba. Winnie had ever respected and looked np to this woman almost as a mother, and the affection she had for Winnie was very sincere indeed. But, though, for the sake of obtaining just a little sympathy from ber, Winnie Roberts had told Weeba the story of her great tempta tion — endured and resisted for her child's sake — and told her, too, of the abstracted cheque, she had mentioned no name or names. She was glad of this now. Weeba must never know that the tempter was Wallard, now a guest at the bungalow of Allandale. She herself could dissemble. It was almost a matter of life and death that she should, bnt she feared lest Weeba, out of the very kindness of her heart, might try to influence Captain Gregory against his guest. No, in this one thing Winnie must stand alone. So, though ehe grew thinner and paler every day, she suffered in silenoe. She went about as usual, however, Shs played and sang in the evening, she was even deferential and affable towards Wallard. She had not yet seen him alone to talk to. But that time came within a week. "Wallard in Gregory's presence had ex pressed a wish to see the little cottage where Winnie had lived previous to her marriage. It was now to be let, and he thought it would just dofor a shooting-box or a fishing- box for himself and his friend Gard for a few months. 44 Two old bachelors, Mrs Gregory," he said, laughing, 44 that the fresh and br&oing; breezes of this rugged coast would speedily mate young again." 44 Well, my dear," said Gregoiy, 44 why don't yon run over with Mr Wallard and let him see it. I've got to go out this morning, and I'm taking Rose, but we'll be back to lunch as hungry as rats." Then Winnie got np from the chair. She nodded aud smiled to Wallard. 44 We will go at once," she said, and so retired to put on her hat. Indeed, the interview she knew must come sooner or later, and she longed to know Wallard's intentions, and to know how much she was in his power. But not a word on the snbject so near to the hearts of both was spoken until they had entered toe cottage. Tired and pale as death Winnie seated herself in the window-sill of that empty room in whioh ahe had spent so many happy, peaoeful days, while on a broken chair Wallard seated himself a tittle way in front of her, bestriding it as if it had been a hobby horse. It was she who spoke first. 44Whyhaveyou followed me here?" she aaid. 44 Why have you set yourself to break up my happy home, to break the heart of as fond and innooent a husband as ever lived, and to bring grief and sorrow upon my darting child? What is your wish? Speak — I will have the truth." " Yon shall have it, Mrs Gregory. And you will have it briefly, too, and at onoe. For many aud many a long year, Winnie, I have loved you " 44 Stay. Not one word of love to me, Mr Wallard, or this interview must be brought to a conclusion, at ull hazards." 44 Not one word of love to you, Winnie. No, because I have ceased to love you. The affeotion I had for you, dear, I have trans ferred to " To whom? Speak, man, why do you hesitate ?" u To your daughter." 14 To Rose?" Winnie almost shrieked. Her eyes were almost starting from her head, and the sweat stood in big drops upon her cpld forehead. (to be continued.) why have you followed me here ? 