SMCfILES. THE man who thought he could impart tone to his stomach by eating a music-box was mistaken. ' Much remains unmsung,' said a tom-cat the other night, as a brick-bat cut short his serenade. ' What do you think? Ned has run away with your wife,' said a clerk to a friend. 'Poor fellow,' replied the forlorn husband. You'll have to follow the Scriptural advice if you want to be a poet.' ' What advise is that?' 'You'll have to be born again.' Jack: ' Why . areO all the girls taking sulphur this spring?' Harry: 'Are there any matches made without sulphur ?' 'Your husband wears his hlair very short.' -'Yes, the cowardly wretch!' 'I'm down upon you,' said the extinguisher to the candle. 'Yes,' said Mrs. Porcine, 'I am mighty afraid of ghosts, but then I keep them away from me by wearing an omelet round my neck.' 'I hato to hear people talk behind one's back,' said the robber, when the constable caloiled " Stop thief!"' ' You have no right to imprison me as a vagrant,' salid a lame beggar to a magistrate. -' You have no visible means of support,' replied the judge.-' Yes, I have. What's the matter with.this crutch ?' A domineering man said to his wife : ' Re member, my dear, that you aro tho weaker vessel.'-' That may be so,' she retorted; 'but I'11 take good care that you shan't forget that the weaker vessel may have thn stronger spirit in it.' Wifo: 'James, if you are not doing any thing, I wish you would drive a nail or two on the outside-corner of the kitchen, so I can put uip a clothes-line?' Husband (with dignity): * Swan, you will have to do it yourself. I have sworn not to touch a ham nmer until the strike is over.' 'What has given you food for so much earnest reflection, my young friend?' asked the minister at tlhe Sunday-school picnic, meeting little Johnny sitting silently by the roadside. 'I was wondering,' replied the penitent young scamp, ' whether I'd just eaten a mushroom or a toadstool.' Magistrate (severely) : ' It seems to me, sir, that you are unable to distinguish other people's money from your own.' Prisoner: ' Well, your worship, you see they are so very mnuch alike.' 'I've just found my coachman smokingImy sigars. Don't yos think I ought to send for nconstable ?' 'No. I think you ought to send for aI doctor.' ' You must have had a terrible rough time of it when you were in Burmah. I heard that in your regiment alone half of the officers vere disabled and sent home invalided.' Yams. You see, weo started a football club here.' If a man and a half throw a bootjack and a half at a cat and a half under his window and a half every night and a half, how many will he kill in a week ? Dooley (who sells coals on commission): 'See that man across the thle street? I don't ikehim.' Dunn: 'What's thereason you lon't?' Dooley: 'I object to hIis name.' Dunn: 'And what's his name?' ' Dooley: 'Singleton.' 'Doesn't Mrs. Maswell believe in co-cdu cation of the sexes ? ' Co-education ?' I should say not! Why, she believes that a girl ought to 'be raised so carefully that when she sees sI man she will say, " What is that, namma?"' She: ' Charlie, are you going to the World's Fair ?' He: 'Not unless you do, dear. I needn't go if you don't.' She: Why not?:' He: 'Because, dear, the wvorld's fair wherever you are.' She : 'Oh, Charlie!' Stuck in a Ssnowdrift.-Sarcastic Fare (putting his head out of the window): 'Do yoes call that quadruped s horse?' More Sarcastic Cubby: 'eYus,Ido. I suppose you ook 'im for.a bloomin' reindeer?' 'Oh, Mr. Rumjee. how nice you look in your white suit?'-' You really tlhink it's be coming ?'-' Oh, you look lovely! lovely! Yoel look like a fly in the milk.' Mrs. Hooligan: 'Yis, Mrs. Finilan, it's noighty fond av fishin' me ould man is. Jist ook at the splindid fishin' tackle he's con sthructed.' Visitor from town : 'Why do you habi tnually use that worn-out rake in place ot ai hoe ?' Host (rwho farms a little) : ' Because I'm informed that a converted rake makes the best husband, man !' Pater : 'Didn't I toll you that you must not go swimming?' Robbioe: 'I didn't swim. T'other fellows had just all they could do to keep me from getting drowned.' Noted Burglar : 'Business ain't what it used to be. There's too muchl competition.' Friend: ' Well, why dontcher form 11 com pany.' Schoolmistress (just beginning a nice im proving lesson upon minerals to the juniors) : Now, what aire the principal things we get out of the earth?' Youthful Angler (aged onr1 confidently) : 'Worms.' Divine service should take place at Wor ship-street.-Archery meetings should be held n Bow-street -Temperance meetings should he hold in Pump Court -The Church Con gress should meet in Bishopsgate.-The De partment of Agriculture should meet in tihe Hlaymarket.-lThe unemployed should meet t WVork-eop. Mr. Clubman: I see by tise papers that ss poor young man, who lost both his legs whils, saving the life of a beautiful heiress at a ailway crossing, is to marry the girl. Slhe dismissed all suitors, anId offered herself to bim. Mrs. C. (meaningly): Very sensible girl. She'll know where her husband is st nights, anyway. Miss Fitt: 'And so you were in tihe Crimean war, major! Woro you with the Light Brigade in thrl heoric charge?' - lajior Ananias Bluff: .' I-cr-came very near being in that historic charge, Miss Frit. Never was so disappointed in my life. They would but take six hundred, and I-or-wias No. 601.' The Rev. Septimus: ' There is an upward path that leads to everlasting happiness, and i downward pnth that leads to perdition; .vhich road are you going to follow, my young manuJ' Young Rustic: 'Well, I reckon I'm a-goin' homne the same way as Kitty.' St. Poter: 'Hero is your record.' Fair Spirit: ' Why, St. Peter, there is something wrong! It is filled with the mosthorriblu profanity, and I never uttered a bad word in mny life.' St. Peter: 'The recording angel does not understand English, my desur madam. He could only pu down what you felt.' He: 'I wonder whatthe meaning of that picture is. The youth and the maid are in a a tender attitude.' She : 'Oh, don't you see ? Ho has just asked her to marry him and slso is accepting him.' Ho: ' Ah! how appro priato the title.'. She: 'I don't see it.' Bo: *Why, that card it the. bottom says': ' Sold." ' ' By- the-bye, old follow, how was it that yoir portrait of Scones isn't in the Now allery?'' 'Well, the committee found it a difficult matter to decide on, and they gave it up, after debatinig for three days, whether to haoig the picture, the sitter, or the artist.' Mabel: 'Oh, papa, dssrling, lotmokiss youe right on tlhat dear little bald spot.' Papni: 'Well, Mssbel, whose bill is it, and how auch F' ' What are you eoing to do with your son, now he's left school?' said Quilby to Quiver ful. 'VWell. I lhaven't mads up nsy mind.' 'Does he ehow any particular leaming to wards anything?' 'Yes; he's a splendid football player, and he's mad to go on the stage.' '1Umph! Has he got it badly ?' ' Gi.t what badly ?' Why, the "foot-and-mouth'" dliseOase?' The diamond is'not among the earliest' gonie known to mnn. It has not been found in Iho ruins of Ninoveh, in the Etruscin epiulchres, nor in the tombs of the Phwini elians. 