CRUMBS, Australia sick'of strikes. , Plumping extraordinary. John sorrowing,over Ben. Plenty of .green feed anon. Thankful for small mercies. Bank shares rising'in value. What alotof moral victories. Aeiatio hawkers to be wiped out. Troubles, political and monetary. South Australia in the best position. Only'good news from New Zealand. Marble discovery near Norman ville. Excitement over the Home Rule Bill. Mr. Hancock does not like his defeat. Weathercocks don't suit the Premier. Wool maintaining its improved value. Sir John friendly to the Labour party. That grand old rascal Te Kooti is dead. Lord Derby suffering from heart disease. No strikes for us to worry over just now. The season has started most promisingly. The hour of financial reformers has come. Leigh's Creek coal can be sold at a profit. Hunting round for causes of gratification. Mr. Berry will carry weight in the pulpit. The Premier had quite a triumphal march. Makin to have three months' more torture. Bank notes are practically legal tender here. Professor Lowrie paying the penalty of suc cess. No more squabbles over personal grievances, mind. Pleasant holiday for the Hibernian dele gates. What are the Afghan and Assyrian hawkers to do 2 Reign of terror in Brussels, Antwerp, and Mons. Twenty-five smallpox cases in West Aus tralia. Retrenchment must be one of the watch- | words. The country looks at effects rather than | causes, _ The Archbishop's health was honoured iu silence. Dr. Barnardo in great distress over his charter, Our .Agricultural Professor too much ] wanted. Dr. Ryder this afternoon at 3—"Home Scenes." We can't afford to play games in politics just now. Our billstickers' motto—" By paste we J?ottr-ieh." The Premier is going to make the best of the inevitable. St. Paul's Cathedral, London, covers an area of 2| acres. Leigh's Creek coal to be carried at per ton per mile. Lady Eintore witnessed a corrobboree at Port Darwin. Labour members' friends nra advising them not to take office. Redhot slag is being tried in place of coal for generating steam. Of what practical value is the Associated Banks agreement;. South Australia's exports per head—£2319s. 7d.—beads the list. Our financial troubles will disappear like the early morning mist. Australia ought to have pretty well reaped her harvest of tares. Second reading of the Home Rule Bill car ried—majority of 43. Chry—San—the—Mum sounds like Japanese when spelt that way. The Valley of Humiliation is not necessarily a Slough of Despond. It will be a mistake to look for much from the Labour members. Fruitgrowers jealous of the attention given J to the wine industry. C3 Only 300 amendments to the Home Rule | Bill. Poor Gladstone. Give a Bank a bad name, and that's enough I in a time of silly panio. The London Chartered Bank has 500,000 | sovereigns as a stand by. W. A. Bobinson reckoned a fitting successor to the late G. W. Cotton. Providence favoured the squatter rather than the farmer this time. " Parnell shall not be forgotten to-night. Three cheers for Parnell!" British investors have reason to put faith in | South Australian securities. Sir John would greatly like the last two ex Premiers to join his Ministry. "I regard my defeat as a moral victory." No one will deny that comfort Balfour will no doubt have cauBe to regret ] his almost seditious utterances. A fly in the King aud Queen of Italy's oint ment—bomb explosion at Rome. The prices for the beBt qualities of crapes for | wine have been well maintained. Dean Macartney has preached every Sunday for seventy years. What a brain. Newcastle couldn't resist the soft-hearted attachment of dear old Burgoyne. The War Oy boasts an increasing circulation j up aloft. More smart than reverent. Why should the toast of "The Queen", be J omitted at the Hibernians'banquet? The Premier rather pleased than otherwise | of the return of the labour candidates. Mr,. Hague would rather that Sir John Downey had come top. Self-abnegation. ' Australia will pull through all right, and these trying experienues will do her good. We are as rioh as ever, but not so rich as a perverted imagination at one time pictured. A mistake to suppose that this House [is necessarily more " democratic" than the last. L. Cohen gives timely notice of his intention j to stand for the Legislative Council next year. Why should not tha Bank of England give I the Australian Bank coach a lift out of the rat? Adelaide is now the most healthy as well as | the prettiest of all the capital cities of Aus tralia. Tom would probably like to see the present | Ministry broken up before a coalition was formed. The Upper House in Sydney won't have au income tax at any. price. How would a land tax suit? Rev. Joseph Berry says he is not a political parson. He has a dread of the professional politicians. The newspapers are now full of Btories of the { knocking down and the re- erection of financial institutions. " To understand the points of disagreement | is the first stage in bringing about a etate of , agreement." There will be fifty-three SundavR in 1S93. The year came in on a Sunday and will go out on a Sunday. The first-known romance or work of fiction saw the light about A.D. 393. It is attributed to Heliodorus. The Archbishop would certainly have disap proved of the omission of "The Queen" from that toast list. Magnificent Oriental costumes. Platform fitted up to represent most interesting scenes of Eastern life. Home Rule Bill read a second time in the House of Commons on April 21. Note thb memorable date. Rev. J. Berry will give five minutes to ■ the children at each morning service. A hint to other parsonB. A carelessly plaondheap of grave] cost the Narrncoorte District Council £19 19a. and lawyerV expenses. - What inore Christ-like work than that of rescuing the fallen, and bringing- them into .respectable society. This year will probably be as memorable for Bank suspensions as the year 1652 was for the founding of Banks. Tn 1792 Van Eetin invented a hollow sphere and tube several hundred feet in length, the motor power being air. As retrenchment is the order of the day, would it not be advisable to give our next Governor 124,000 a year? The accuracy of the surveying in ancient engineering is marvellous considering the rude ness of the instruments. A rich Jew has left a fortune of 3 5,000,000fr. for founding in Milan a house of employment for artisans out of work. In the construction of the Suez Canal 80,000,000 cubio yards of material were exca vated by 30,000 labourers. Caracalla's engineers understood the principle of the syphon and employed it in some of tbeir waterworks. The famous bridge constructed by Queen Nitocris at Babylon, and described by Diodo rus, was five furlongs long. The first tunnel for commercial purposes was executed by M. Riguet, in the reign of Louis XIV., at Bezieres, France. Rome was supplied from twenty-four large aqueducts, which brought 50,000,000 cubic feet of water daily into the city. The " Conservatives" will better know bow to fight tbeir opponents because the ground is marked out. That's the idea. The National Bank of Australasia has in specie. Consols, Government securities, and other liquid assets £2,206,639. The Metropolitan Eire Brigade of London is called out more frequently on Saturday than on any other day of the week. New Zealand going to have a gross surplus of over half a million this year, Australian Treasurers heaving sighs of envy. Failure to restart Banks which have lately suspended payment would involve the liquaa tion of assets valued at £30,000,000. It is the law in Sweden that when a person buys any intoxicating beverage, he must also | buy something to eat at the same time. "Banking has suffered from a twin evil, viz., short-dated deposits, and too many of I tbem relatively to lending with safety." Themaxim whicb assures us that "conetant | dropping wears away a stone" liaB its sig nificant application to banking business. New Zealand went through the mill not long ago, and reaped a rich harvest ot useful lessons that have stood her in good stead. _ When Hallam, the silver-toned tenor, was singing in opera, a dress circle young lady put his candie out with a well-aimed bouquet. The President and Secretary of theH. A.C.B. Society have thanked the Register for its excellent reports of the Society's proceedings. A harp discovered^ in Egypt in 1S23 had several remaining strings, which responded to a touch, and woke up after a rest of 3000 years. The Duchess of Sutherland may now issue invitations to her friends for an "at home" ' every day (bar Sundays) for the next six weeks. It is the duty of a Government to instruct its people in the value of their liberties. They will then know whether they are worth de fending. Australasia, with 4,000,000 of people, finds 900 legislators, seven Ministries, and quite seven times seven members willing to replace Ministers, Nearly 100 girls have been in the Rescue Home during the year, and the Prison Brigade has bad under its supervision 100 discharged male prisoners. When the Britishers accepted the inoome tax tbey thought it would be only temporary, like we supposed Sir John's increase of the tax was to be here. The political atmosphere of Australia ap pears to be as favourable to the multiplication 1 of legislators as the natural climate to the growth of rabbits. The gnod ArohbiBhop never omitted the toast of "The Queen," and has explained that no disloyalty was involved in placing her name after that of His Holiness. Australasia, with 4,000,000 people, exported £80,000,000 worth of produce last year. Where's the next 4,000,000 people, past or present, to beat the record ? i In Alsace Santa Claus is represented by a | young maiden dressed in white, with hair of j iambswool banging down her shoulders and her face whitened with flour. Early in the year the A. J.S. Bark had been entrusted by depositors with money to the extent of nearly £11.000,000, and its advances amounted to nearly £10,448,000. The Crumbman, who has no money to trouble about, deeply sympathizes with those who have, and is ready to act on the precept, " Bear ye one another's burdens.' There are not a few ladies who would court a spell in gaol under similar conditions as those attrnding the incarceration of the Duchess of Sutherland. Poor thing! As we snrpa°s our fathers' skill Our sons will shame onr own; A thousand things are hidden still. And scarce a hundred known. The word grippe has been traced hack to 1743, in the winter of which year (says an old number of the Journal de Medicine) the malady was very prevalent in Europe. Against an average note circulation of £422,457 the Banks in South Australia held last quarter £1,638,G04 in coin, £38,121 in bullion, and £223,700 in public securities. To say the least it looks queer to see the j pronouns used for the Deity begin with a small letter, while those standing for the Pope begin with capital letters; and yet it is so. Mr. Harris says if England went to war wheat might go up to £5 per quarter from the fear of the fleet not being able to conquer. The Crumbman thonght the Britisher knew no | fear. "It is far better to have men of known views, even if they differ from onr own, than those who have no defined views, for in that j case we do not know where we are."—The Premier. It is thought by many colonists that re trenchment should begin with the screws of j the high salaried officers of the Government j from the next Governor down to those who reoeive only £200 a year. Some one has been wood pecking at one of the trees in the St. Paul's Church enolosure. 1 The Crumbman would gladly lend that artist I a crosscut saw and give him a hand to fall the lot, excepting the peppers. 1 The Premier would infinitely prefer. Labour members, whose vie ws he understood and whose position be appreciated, than those who would I trim- their sails to every wind, and who had.no settled views. (Hear, hear.) ' The Duke of Westminster ohargea one shilling ahead for viewing' Eaton Hall, and annually raises £500, which he gives to the I Chester Infirmary," of. which he is President.. j Last .vear the takings amounted to £600. r " The "Knickerbocker" maohine, which will 1 shortly be used for the Register, Observer, and Journal, prints from the reel, folds, outs, pastes, and counts in bundles,; and delivers the .papers ready for the publishing- room. , "is a rale the floral compliment wobbles I clumsily over the heads of the stalls,''raises the * hair of the orchestra, and flops close to the ■ footlights 'with h dull thud like a cabbage falling from a market cart," eays our dramatio ""Fifteen hundred professors, editors, preachers, and other educated men reoently. i petitioned the Massachusetts Legislature for the repeal of State legislation permitting the printing and' distribution of Sunday news pa"Australians are an open-air lovjng people, a sports-loving people, a society-lovicg_ people, a newBpaper-loving people, and at the same time lovers of everything that is romantic ana beautiful." Ob, Mr. Day Thompson, you make us blush! " The inflation of the value of property, brought about by excessive speculation, encou raged by the large expenditure of, public and private borrowings, has been followed by severs reaction and embarrassment to many. The I Backs have felt it, . The eeven Bibles of tbo world are the Koran of the MohammedanB, the Eddas of _ the I Scandinavians, the Try Pitikesof the Buddh- j ists, the three Vedas of the Hindus, the Five j 1 KiDgsof the.Hindus, the Zendavesta, and the . Scriptures of the Christians. j " I believe thoroughly in the election or . representatives of' labour to the House, be cause I think it is human flesh and blood that ehould be represented in Parliament rather than property—certainly not property to the I exclusion of the other." That s . the Rev. Joseph Berry. ... , " Let them hope that the close of the oommg session of Parliament would find this Dagon of a false political creed—the headless trunk of a hideous anachronism—prostrate on the threshold of the noblest temple ever raised to liberty—the united hearts of a young brave nation determined to be free."—Mrs. Mary Lee on "Woman's Suffrage." ' Somo idea may bo gathered of the growth and extent of manufactures connected with electric lighting from Mr. Edison's estimate that no less than 65,000 incandescent lamps are manufactured every day, at an average selling price of 3s. apiece. From these figures it will be seen that about £12,000 per day are spent upon this class of goods, or £4,000,000 a year in round numbers. The salaries of head teachers under the Edinburgh School Board rise and fall accrding to the number of children under their charge. In a school with 400 the teacher begins with a salarv of £230, and may rise to £300 ; of 500 at £250, and mav rise to £320; of 600, at £280 and to £350: of 700, at £310 and to £380; of 800\. at £320 and to £390; {of 90D, at £330 and £400; of 1,000. at £340 and to £410; of 1,200 and over, at £850 and £420. Biebop Moorhouse makes tbo following sug gestion on licensing reform:—The Govern ment, after five years' notice, in lieu of com pensation, to put an end to all licence's, and then after that only to issue licences, roughly speakiDg, which would provide one public houae for 1,000 people. By that measure, at a single strike, 80,0(10 cut of the 120,000 drink ing places in England would be abolished, and they would bs the must dangerous of the drink ing bouses. ..... .. „ . One of the most remarkable "trophies or the Salvation Army in the Far East is Eatna Pala, a Buddhist priest. Ratna-Pala is a native of Ceylon, and studied for the Budd hist priesthood at the priests' colleges in that island. While at college he preached to the people on holy days, and often spoke in the open air. After attending some Salvation Army meetings, ■ Rata-Pala decided to leave | the Buddhist priesthood and throw in bis lot | with General Booth's followers. He was mode an officer two years ago. and he is noiv on a •' special spiritual tour" through Great Britain aDd the Continent. Versaries.—.lack puddings, mountebanks, quacks, merry • andrewe, fire caters, hocus ixjcus men, jugglers, charlatans, buffoons, zonieB, harlequins, and a host of other pro ' fessors of the impossible, swarmed in England [ 200 years ago as plentifully as dnmbledores in a sugar hogshead. Consequently on April 14, 1084, an order was issued in the Government Gazette far their suppression. Well, about thie ■ time a scamp nsmpd Joe HaiDes started in I business on Tower Hill by announcing himBelf ' as "High German Doctor, Chymist, and 1 Dentifricator, native of Arabia Deserta, citizen and burgomaster of the City of Brandi polis, seventh son of a seventh son, who bad studied the occult lore of Galen, Hypo erates, Albninezer, and Paracelsus, and | the vendor of the only sovereign remedy in the world. It was bound to cure "all oases of cephalalgias, paralytic paroxysms, palpita tions of tbe pericardium, empyemas, hipsy pipsy, syncopes and nasieties arising from either a plethory or a oachochymy, vertiginous vapours, hydroeephalous dysenteries, odontal l gic or podagrical inflammations, and the entire legion of lethiferous distempers." And this wonderful epeoifio effeoted perfect cures "either hypnotically, hydrotically, catharti cally, poppismatically, pneumatically, or synedochically, by annihilating all nosotro phical morbific idiosyncrasies of the whole corporeal cam pages." (Vkrsawes.—Did you go to Church yester day, my boy! If not you may tbank your stars that you were not born in the days of yore. Wbv, as late as April 17, 1725, one John (not "Barnabv) Rudge bequeathed to a parish in Staffordshire twenty shillings a year, to be paid to an old man to perambulate tbe Church during Divine worship to beep tbe people awake and to drive the intrusive dogs out. In another Church the beadle used to trot about during the sermon with a long staff, having a fox's brush at one end and a knob at the other. With the former he gently tickled the faces of the ' female sleepers. and tapped the somnolent knobs of tbe male worshippers with tbe knob fnd of bis official staff. " One for hiB knob," I eh! But what do you think of the following yarn:—Six hundred years ago a written 1 mandate fell from heaven upon the altar of Sb. Simon on Mount Golgotha, a copy of which was taken to England by Euatacious. It was this—" If you do not keep the command to keep holy the Sabbath day, verily I will open the heavens,'and instead of rain I will pour down upon you atones and wood and hot water by night, so that ye shall not be able to guard against it, but I will destroy all the wicked men. Ye shall die the death on ac count of the holy day of the Lord, and of the other festivals of my saints which ye do not keep." But tbe Arohbishop, the patriarob, priests, and people averted tbe calamity by laying prostrate on the ground three days and three nighta imploring the Divine mercy—so they say. "Versahies.—There wee &d; immense com motion in. London April 20,1663. It was the day onwhioh'Oliver Cromwell 'dissolved the Bump Parliament. , The, House was deliberat ing upon a,-Bill. for. the future representation of the people, when he entered,folloiyed by a company of musketeers. , He. was dressed in plain blackolothea and grey worsted stockings, and hearing the question put "that this Bill do now pass," heroee, doffed his-hat, and harrangued the members for their-selfishness and delays of justice tiliair. Peter-Went worth remonstrated with-himon his.violent language. . Wearetheq told that '.'blazing nphesaid-r?We have had enough of this; Iwili put anend to ypnr'pratsng."'' Then stepping upon the floor -or-the house, and clapping on his-hat, he delivered a voilent address, which was snainly (this i—'1 It- ls-not fib Jou should sit'here any longer; yon shall now giyeplace to better men.. Oajl them in ! , Then his officer, Hanrisop, and a file of soldiers entered,'and he coatihued "Ton are no Parliament; some of you' are drunkards; some of yon are—, livingin open Contempt of God's oomrnandments. Hume of you are oortupt, unjust persons; how.can you be a Parliament for God's - people ? -Depart I say, and let us have none of you.'." Andthey departed. He then followed them andlocked the door, exclaiming,—" It is the fjord who hath caused me to do this." . , Obits.—Among the notable ones whoduring the brief space of the last 2,216 years paid their first and last visit to the land of the hereafter on April 21 were these:—Alexander the Great, warrior, fell a victim to intemperanoe, April 21, b.c. 323, aged thirty-three. Had his royal pater quitted the stage of mortality when he was a little kid .the world would.have been a very different thing from'what, it is to-day.' Still. A. theG. serves as an .''awful example" * on the total abstinence platform, U 0, > But Diogenes the Cyme joined the great majority on the eameday. The local: correspondent of Corinth relates that these two. greatuswells once met in that city and interviewed .each, other thnhly A. I am Alexander the King. D. And I am Diogenes the Cynic. A. Can I be of any servioe to you ? D. Yes, get out of my sunshine. A. By Jupiter; if I were not Alexander I would be Diogenes. But another Alexander bade the world adieu on April 21, 1073. It was Pope Alexander II. Hisfamily name was Antelmo Baggio. He was raised to the papal throne in 1061, but the Imperialists nominated the Biehop of Parma, and thie led to a long and unseemly contest between the two sections of the Church militant. At last the Alexan derites prevailed, and all Europe acknowledged their choice as the supreme bead of the Church. Pax.—In the good old days of Queen Bess Sir JobD Wynne of Gwedir gave instructions to his chaplain, the Rev. John Pryoe, from which our historiograpbical emmbsman has made the following extracts:—" In the morn ing I expect you should rise, and eaye prayers in my hall, to my household below before.they go to work, and when they come in at night that you call before you all the workmen, especially the youth, and take account of them of their beliefe. . . . When the dinner table from half downwards is take up then you are to rise, and to walk in the allies neer at band until grace-time, and to come in then for that purpose. After dinner if I be busy, you may go to bowles, shuffel bord, or any other honest, decent recreation until I go abroad. If you see me void of business, and go to ride abroad, you shall command a gelding to be made ready by the grooms of the stable, and to go with me. If I goto bowlesor shuffel bord I shall lyko of your companie, if the place be not made up with strangers. I would have you to go every Sunday in the year to some Church hereabouts, to preacbe, giving warnynge to the parish, to bring the yowths at after noon to the Churoh to be catecbysed; in which poynt is my greatest care that you should be payn full and dylygent. Avoyd the ale-house'to sythe and keepe drunkard'6 company ther, being the greatest diecredid your function can have." Bravo Sir,John. But just fancy our own, and only Sir John giving the same directions to his chaplin. Vbbsauiks.—"St. Mark the Evangelist," See the Balendar. He was the nephew of St. Barnabas, and Lc Compagmn de Voyage of St. Paul. He wrote his gospel about A.D. 72. and is said to bave founded the Church of Alex andria, and to bave suffered martyrdom, bis body being conveyed to Venice, whioh chose him for its patron saint In the north of England some wonderful things are believed to. occur on the eve of St. Mark. If any persons watch in the Church-porch at midnight the phantasma of all who will die during the en suing year will atalk before them as certainly and visibly as did the ghost of Hamlet's father "upon the platform where they watohed." You need not wonder therefore that Mont gomery should write:— 'Tis now exclaimed the village belle, St. Mark'e mysterious eve, And all that old traditions tell I tremblingly believe; How, when the midnight signal tolls, Along the churchyard green A mournful train of sentenced souls In winding sheets are seen. The ghosts of all whom death shall doom. IVitbin the coming year, In pale procession walk the gloom, Amid the silence drear. 