CHAPTER XIV. QUEEN OR BONDWOMAN ? The rain was beating silently-pitilessly against the window of the railway carriage in which my wife and I-sole occnpants of the compartment sat, facing each other, but preoccupied with our own thoughts. We were journeying to Woking-the great female convict prison. I had obtained the necessary orders, and in a very short time-two honrs at the utmost-Vashti and Hagar would see each other face to face again. v The early darkness of the November night was already beginning to descend like a pall over the landscape. Trees, hedges, and outlying homesteads were gradually being shrouded ' from view in the thick mist arising from the soaked fields. November in France was vastly different from November in England, I thought, drearily enough, as I turned impatiently from tho blurred and steam- ing window, and looked across at Vashti. Her eyes met mine, and a smile-the veriest ghost of a smile -answered me. We did not speak, but I think our Bilence was more eloquent than words, it seemed to draw our souls closer to each other, and create, as it were, a more perfect bond of sympathy between us. After a considerable interval had elapsed, and I knew we were nearing our destination, I put one question to her. " If your story U not believed (as it will not be)» what do you in that case intend to do ?" " It must be believed," she Baid quietly, but with intense resolution ; " it is not possible that in a country like England the innocent will be allowed to suffer for the guilty, but if men refuse me cred- ence, then I will pray them to let me share her unjust imprisonment. Oh, I know what you would say, but surely at my entreaty, they will give me employment of some kind between those walls which hold my sister. I might see her sometimes-she stopped with a choked sob, and her burning, tear- less eyes looked yearningly in the direction towards which we were speeding. " Woking, Woking." The train came to a stand- still, but ere I assisted Vashti to alight, a mad despair for one moment overpowered my self-com | mand. " Vashti, it is not too late. We can yet keep our secret. No one suspects our errand. Let us go back to our home and former happiness," I pas- sionately ejaculated." Let us free ourselves for ever from the accursed memories of the past-if your love for your sister did not unconsciously oppose my will, I would compel you to forget them -but we can crush them under foot-they need never be spoken of between us. Oh, my love, be wise-be infinitely compassionate for, lo! I pray you to take my sin as yours also." For one terrible moment Ehe seemed to waver. She tried to speak, but could not. " Sit down again," I said, putting my arm round her standing figure, " the train will be going on again directly, or, if it does not, we can alight and await the next return train to London. In two or three days we can be home again-your child ii awaiting you there, remember." " And my sister here. " Oh, Geoffrey, my hus- band, I love you too well to let you lead me into temptation. Keep me from it. You are stronger than I-oh, help me, help me-and her voice sud- denly rose to a cry-to do that which is as right in ?.God's sight as it is in my own." i With a swift movement she freed herself from my detaining arm, and, ere I could prevent her, she had quitted the carriage. I was quickly at her side, and without speaking I assisted her into the cab, which, in obedience to my telegraphed instruc- tions, was awaiting us outside the station. As I seated myself beside her, she caught my hand in hers and kissed it passionately. " My love, my darling," she murmured ; " my bitterest punishment lies in the knowledge that you have stooped to sin for my sake." The dreary drive to the prison will be re- membered by me to my dying day. The wind and the rain strove together for mastery, and the trees waved their leafless branches as if in grim greeting to us. I stared out into the darkness of the night until hideous spectreB-phantasies bom of my own imagination- seemed to press around me, and clamour in my ears for vengeance. At last the great, gaunt prison was reached. We were quickly admitted, and after a few moments' waiting, one of the head officials of the prison came to us. '; " The prisoner whom you have come to visit," he said, after a brief glance at the order I handed him, " is-as perhaps you are aware-in a dying condition. She has been ill for many weeks, and her death is expected at any hour-nay, it may have already taken place. She was alive this morning, but she may have expired sin«e ¡ I will, however, make inquiries ;" and so saying, he rang a small hand-bell, and sent the attendant who an- swered it to interrogate the necessary authorities. I dared not look at Vashti. She had not moved or cried out. Had her atonement indeed come too late? In a few moments the attendant returned. " No 142 is alive, sir," he said, addressing the official, " but the nurse says that she cannot live through the night." " Let me go to her. Take me to her quickly quickly." Vashti's sudden, passionate demand somewhat startled the grave prison functionary. He said a few words in an undertone to the at- tendant, and a moment later we were following him through what seemed to both of us vast labyrin thian corridors and endless, echoing, stone-paved courtyards. Presently we came to a detached portion of the building, where we were consigned to the charge of a female warder, who conducted us to the infirmary ward, where Hagar Dysart lay sick unto death. Her eyes were closed, and her face was as colour- less as the pillow on which her head rested. Her hard-featured attendant moved noisily away at our approach, and busied herself in a distant corner of the ward. Despite the presence of several other Buffering patients the screen placed around the bed at which we stood ensured ub partial privacy. With one sobbing cry Vashti flung herself on her knees beside the pallet. I stood on the opposite side facing her, but with my eyes turned towards my unconscious victim. "Hagar, forgive me-oh forgive me," wailed Vashti, in her agony of self- reproach. The eyelids lifted, and a glad light leapt into the sunken eyes. " Vashti, Vashti," and the hand lying on the coverlet moved tremblingly towards her. Vashti clasped it tenderly, and rising, bent in un- utterable suspense over the dying woman. " Hagar, it is I, Vashti," she said, very softly, " J .have only learned lately-within the last few diys-of your sacrifice for me, and of your suffer iiig in my stead. My sister, can you forgive me. (^h, Hagar, answer me." Hagar looked from Vaahti to myself; she expressed no surprise at seeing na, she simply accepted our presence without questioning or explanation. " Vashti, sister," she said, feebly, " yon hare no need to crave my forgiveness ; you did me no wrong." " But I did," I said, speaking very quietly and distinctly, " I compelled you by secret force of will to confess yourself guilty of the crime which was falsely attributed to your sister. I sacrificed you in hor stead, you can in your turn revenge yourself by forgiving me." "Hagar, he is my husband," the appealing assertion seemed to break forcibly from Vashti's lips. "Ah-the shadows-the shadows which in my dream crept inch by inch towards me-my dream | has interpreted itself"-the words were uttered I with difficulty by Hagar, whose eyes were still ] steadily fixed on my face. " Her mind wanders ; she knows not what she is I saying," Vashti whispered softly. I made her no reply. I alone had understood the meaning of the strange and seemingly irrelevant rejoinder. Hagar did not speak again. She had closed her eyes, and for one moment, 1 fancied that she had closed them for ever upon the world. I bent over her, and laid my hand on her heart-only the faintest pulsation was perceptible. " Call the nurse," I said, hurriedly, she has only swooned-she is not dead." The nurse obeyed the Bummons, and, at my earnest request, fetched the prison doctor, who brought with him a powerful cordial, a few drops of which we forced between her lips, and which temporarily revived her, and kept the grim enemy still at bay. She motioned with her hand toward the doctor and nurse, who were standing together at the foot of the bed. " Make them go away," she said, in a voice which had for the moment regained its old clearness and decisiveness. " 1 want Vashti and you"-with a look at myself-" only." The doctor obeyed her request with a careless shrug of his shoulders, and the hard-featured nurBe with an indignant frown. We three were again practically alone. " Hagar, say that you forgive my husband," entreated Vashti, bending low over her. " Oh, my dear, he sinned only for my sake. Forgive him, even as you have forgiven me." " I do, freely, fully," answered Hagar, holding out her hand to me.. The hand which I extended to meet hers was as cold as ice, and yet my soul felt on fire. I had indeed spoken the truth when I told her that in no other way could she revenge herself so amply as in bestowing upon me her forgiveness. Our hands parted, and she turned herself gladly to Vashti. " Put your arms around me," she said, " there so-now let me pillow my head on your breast. My Vashti, do not weep-I am not afraid to die. All through the weary weeks I have Iain here I have had only one wish-one intense longing, and that was to see your dear face once more-to hear your dear voice again. I knew you would come, but I feared you might come too late." " But, Hagar," sobbed Vashti," if you had not taken my place-if you had not borne my punish- ment you would not be speaking thus of death. Oh, Hagar, Bay that I have not, indeed, come too late ; say that you will yet get well again." Hagar gently shook her head-her momentary strength was ebbing from her. No sound broke the silence that succeeded. Presently Hagar spoke again, but this time she was speaking very softly to herself. "We are rightly named," she was saying, " Vashti and Hagar - queen and bondwoman. Vashti, queen, Vashti-who would dare begrudge a queen love and happiness ? The shadow of guilt which once rested upon her was only a shadow : it never had a tangible substance. And even if guilt lies in the intent, and not in the actual deed, why, even then, Queen Vashti is forgiven. I, the bondwoman Hagar, can see into the future: I know ; I know." Although both Vashti and I were listening with strained ears to the faltering utterances, we could not catch the meaning of the nearly inaudible words which followed. I do not know how long we maintained our relative positions. Vashti- still pillowing her sister's head on her bosom - was bending her own over it until her lips rested upon Hagar'a brow. The nurse approached me once, and made ns though she was going to speak ; but, with an authority which in that moment dared not be gaineaid, I waved her impatiently away. "Vashti, accept the happiness which lies before you in the future-promise me that you will," asked Hagar, in a tremulous whisper, "let not my Buffering-my death-be in vain. You are guiltless in the sight of beaver! and of men ; there- fore, accept your happiness, dear one, as my glad gift to you." Vashti bowed her head in token of acquiescence -she could not speak. " Hagar the bondwoman, and Vashti the queen ! Ah, yes ; the names were aptly chosen. Hold me less closely - less closely still, Queen Vashti.The bondwoman is about to be set at liberty." She never spoke afterwards, although she lived until the birth of the following day. I myself gently laid her back on the pillows, and after drawing the screen yet closer around the bed, I led Vashti out of the prison ward which had seen the curtain fall upon the life drama in which we three -Vashti, Hagar, and I-had each played our individual part. As I said in my few prefatory remarks, I ask for no man's forgiveness or mercy. The shadow which the past has cast still lies acros3 the lives of my wife and I, and (although, perhaps, it is only a vain fancy), I think it has somewhat ennobled our natures ; for we, who have greatly sinned because we greatly loved, have been also allowed to know the meaning of being greatly forgiven. [The End.] I OUR TUESDAY'S AND THURSDAY'S TALE.-Tho Story " Geoffrey Faulkner's Sin" being concludod as above, on Tuesday Next we shall begin the publica- tion of a New Tale, entitled " Schooled by Adversity," which will be continued in every Tuesday's and Thursday's issue until completed. This is a Story of German domestic life, in which pride, revenge, and other passions, are opera- tive, but aro eventually vanquished. Bicycling Records.-In Mslbourne, on Satur- day, A. Turner'rode 21 miles 341 yards in an hour, beating the previous record, which stood at 20 miles 700 yards. The previous record for ten miles, 28 minutes 37 seconds, was also lowered to 27 minutes 31 seconds. 