CENTRAL QUEENSLAND FARMERS' AND SELECTORS' ASSOCIATION. The monthly meeting of theCentral Queens- land Farmers'end Selectors' Association was held at Mr. W. H. Stcnlake's rooms, William street, on Saturday afternoon. There were nine present, und Mr. J.,0'Sliancsy (President) wu8 in the chuir. CORRESPONDENCE. Among thc correspondence were letters from Messrs. J. Murray und A. J. Callan, MM L.A., on thc subject of thc market, Mr. Murray stating he should be pleased to arrange an interview with the Rockhampton Municipal Council, Mr. Callan intimating that he had arranged with Mr. Murray that he (Mr. Murray) should take the matter in hand. The outward correspondence showed that since thc receipt of these letters there hud been a special meeting of the Association, at which, at the suggestion of Mr. Murray, it was decided thc Secretary should write thc Couucil, asking for an interview.-Thu SEOKETAIIY (Mr. T. Whiteley) said he had written the Council, as directed, and had received a reply from the Town Clerk to thc effect that the Mayor was absent from town, and that when he returned he (the Mayor) would, no doubt, nttcud to the matter. He had seen the Town Clerk that morning, nnd that gentleman said he had heard the Mayor would be in Rock- hampton on Monday, thc 3rd instunt. He (thc Secretary) had seen Mr. G. S. Curtis and Mr. W. St, John Harding, MM.L.A., and they stated they would be pleased to do all they could. Mr. Curtis also stated he should be only too glad to attend a meeting between the Council und representatives of the associa- tion.-Mr. ll. WHITELEY moved thutassoon us the Secretary received word from the Mayor appointing the meeting, lie tele- graph to the Central memhera in Brisbane who had been approached on thc subject, asking them if they could make it convenient to attend. He said it would be understood, of course, that the association should wai ton the Council without thc members of Parliament if thc latter could not inuke it convenient to be present, because it was not desirable to lose any more lime-Mr. A. Kurnoni seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. K. ADAMS : If there is a conference with thc Council, what basis will it be held on ? We don't want it to bc thc same as when we went io Mr. Callan. We expected to hear him speak ; but when wc got there we found we had to do all the speaking. A letter was also received from the Secre- tary of thc' Rockhampton Agricultural Society, acknowledging receipt of thc Society's intimation that the President and Mr. D. Whiteley had been appointed to assist in collecting exhibits for a district collection to be sent to thc National Association in Brisbane in August, and stating the matter would be brought under thc notice of MB com- mittee.-The SECRETARY said the. Agricul- tural Society had had a meeting, at which the President, Mr. D. Whitely, and himself, were appointed a committee to take thc matter in hand. Sl'RAYIXO. The SECRETABT read the following paper on thc subject of spraying :-The system of spraying fruits, flowers, and vegetables with insecticides is almost unknown in this district, but from what I have read and from my slight knowledge by practice, I feel con- firmed that it is a system on which we shall have to depend very largely for relief from our insect and fungus pests. Owing io lack of information in our own district we must of necessity look further, foi which I am chiefly indebted to thc Agricultural Gaulle af New Souri» Wake, whilst some of the recipes for insecticides I have obtained from thc Australian Fruit Citlturitt, by Mr. David A. Crichton. By spraying we do not merely mean the placing of the material on the' plants, but placing them there in the finest possible spray, thus making small quantities do large areas, and consequently less ex- pensive and at the same time reducing the risk of injuring thc plants. I have Bprayed twelve orange trees, not small ones either, with 1 oz. London purple, dissolved, or rather, mixed, in ten gallons of water. There are several methods of spraying ; the watering can, the syringe, and I have seen some of thc old gardeners in the greenhouses in England get their mouths full of water and spray their plants by blowing it between their lips, a very laborious fashion I should imagine. These old time appliances, like hana skimming, are fast becommiug super ceded by more improved machines of various kindB. The best of these is undoubtedly the etrawsoniser, as it forces eithi rup or down, and is serviceable either for liquids or solids. Tho great drawback to this machine is the cost of it. The Now South Wak» Agriculttiral Gazette for October 1891 says :-" Its only draw- back is its high price, which according to countries varies from £35 to £45 each, so that it is altogether out of the reach of a great many cultivators. Triple cyclone^ Nixon, Permorel and Baines, ure all highly recomended, and the various agricultural papers advertise Bcores of others, A few months back I purchased from Sydney a Nixon, tripod climax) spraying pump with agitator attached, and 1 am very well pleased with the way in which it works. With regard to insecticides it is necessary to use judgment." Mr. A. H. Benson, in the Gazette for October, 1892 says ¡-Paris green properly appliod is one of the cheapest and most efficacious insecticides for the leatruction of all insects feeding either on the leaves, or skin of fruit, or on the leaves or stems of such plants as cucumbers, pumpkins, melons, potatoes, tomatoes, cabbages, corn, tobacco, kc, though owing to its extremely poisonous nature, it requires great caro and judg ment in its UBC, handling, and. application special care being taken to keep it out of the way of children and careless people. Paris green is in the form of a very fine powder, which is insoluble in water, with which, however, it mixes readily, and remains in Buspension if the mix- ture is kept well stirred. The best way to mix it is like mixing mustard, by placing the quantity required in a vessel, and adding a little water at a time, until thor-jghly mixed ; the quantity should not bo more than one ounce to ten gallons of water. The following advice from the same work ¡B well worth re- peating. Never spray trees when in blossom,., never spray when there is a hot burning sun or a strong drying wind. Never spray within a mouth of UBing the fruit. Wear gloves when spraying if you have any sores on the hands. Take care that the spray blows away from the operator, BO that he will not inhale it. Keep the poison under lock and key. Paris green docs not kill by contact but must be eaten. Last winter I used some London purple on some cabbages, expecting to sec the grubs {'¡cid up the ghost at once, andlmustacknnw edge my disappointment when they did not do as I expected. Speaking of it at the Agri- cultural conference held lost August, Profes- sur Shelton told inc it must reach tho diges- tive organs, and this brought to my memory the fact that a few days after using the poison my cabbages were perfectly clear from grubs. Paris green is used very ex tensivcly by apple growers SB a preventive of tho Codlin moth, and in my opinion it will bo very beneficial in preventing thc grui), which is so fond of our peachcB, guavas, and other fruits. There ure a great many recipes for insecticides. Buch as kerosene emul- sion, resin and soda, soft soap and sulphur, Bordeaux mixture for fungus, and many others which I will give to any one who wishes to try them. Mr. David A. Crichton, gi ves a long list of insecticides in the third part of his work entitled " The Australasian Fruit Ctil turist." From a pamphlet published by the Kew South Wales Agricultural Department, entitled the " Bronzy Orange Bug," I reap thc following information : " We lind that Parki green, at thc rate nf J OE. to a gallon of water and sprayed on the trees carly in the morning, when the bugs are in the wingless state, will de)troy them. Through the summer they hatch on the leaves, and the trees should be watched and sprayed directly they are visible. Two or three sprayings if token in time will rid «ie trees of this post. We will now take a short glance at some of the results of spraying. One gentleman speaks thus. I have a fine young apple orchard of fifty acres, all Newtown pippins, inmediately udjoining which, on the north side, is an older and much neglected orchard belonging toa neighbour. The old orchard has been badly infested with worms for many years, and uutil the present season the north half of my orchard has been practically worth- ies?!, the trees shedding their fruit in May and the early part of June, the little that remained being so wormy as to be largely unfit for lnurkct, whilst the south half hos borne fair crops comparatively free from worms. Soil, drainage, and other conditions uewg mimiur, x uin constrained to the Delict that thc near proximity of thc old and worm infested trees to the north side of my orchard is the cause of thc difference above noted. Soon after the blossom fell, I began spraying on thc side nearest thc old orchard, thc machine working perfectly, tho climax nozzle breaking up the solution iuto fine mist which completely enveloped thc trees. Influenced to some extent by the scepticism of my neighbours, most of whom regarded thu experiment as highly dangerous, and confess- ing no small luck of faitli myself, I regret to say I allowed other work on thc farm to in- terfere and never finished the spraying. With the mental reservation that should thc heretofore barren north side where the poison liad been applied do so well as the south, I would spray more thoroughly next year, I awaited the outcome with an indifference horn of unbelief. Please note the result. From tho sprayed trees, not more than one third of the whole number, I gathered 1000 barrels of AI marketable fruit, so entirely free from worms that sorting was almost un- necessary, while thc remaining two-thirds of thc orchard yielded 883 barrels of good fruit, quite one-fifth of the apples on the unsprayed trees being wormy und unfit for sale. The market price for apples in this section that season was from CO to 75 ccuts per barrel, one or two choice lots of Ben Davis and New York Imperial bringing up to one dollar, while my fruit sold in the orchard nearly a month before picking at 2 dollars 55 cents per barrel. I estimate the cost of failure to spray the whole orchard at 2500 dollars ; but consider the lesson cheap at thc price, as I shall never have it to learn again, and I feel confident that, with ordinary care, no harmful results will follow the spraying." It will no doubt be remembered that last year a ladybird destroyed nearly all the mango blossom in this district. Not satisfied with blossom, they uctacked thc young shoots in Mr. C. S. Jones's garden, and Mr. Simmons, who was in charge of them, asked me what to do with them. I recommended Puris green, in the proportion of loz. to ten gallons of water. Shortly after this I asked him tho result, and he said he had completely cleared them out ; but he had used it stronger than I said, lining only Beven gallons of water instead of ten. I was speaking to Mr. Jones about it some time after, and he told mc that Mr. Sim- mons had used it also on the persimmons, with the result that all, thc young fruit dropped off, and thc trees got very sick on it ; but eventually got over it, showing very plainly that the mixture was too strong, and also thc necessity of groat care and thought in uBing. I feel firmly convinced that there is great benefit to be derived from the system of spraying, I may just read the following extract from the last Gazette : " AB showing the growing interest amongst fruit-growers in connection with the damage done by insects and fungus pest«, it may be noticed that something like ]50spray- ing machines have been sold by two of the principal firms of agricultural implement sellers in Sydney during the past twelve months, and there is a large and increasing demand. This is mainly due to the action of \- department in advocating thc use of spray pumps for applying tbe various remedies for insect and fungus pests recommended by its experts."-A brief discussion followed, in the course of which the Secretary said his sprayer cost about £8, and the President mentioned that he bsd that morning bought a sprayer for £110s., and a hearty vote of thanks WSB uccorded the writer of the paper. GENERAL. Tho PRESIDENT promised a paper for the next meeting, which is to be held on the 0th of August. Messrs. D. Whiteley, A. Klaprolh, and G. Jones were appointed a Bitb-committee to arrange for papers to be read at each meeting of the society for the remainder of thc year. This was all the business. Mamma: "Don't let ino speak to you again, Tommy." Tommy (aside): "I'm sure I wouldn't if I knew how to stop you." Radical restoration.-It not only restores the colour of the hair, but the quantity and natural glossiness. This is said by every one UBing Mrs. S. A. Allen's World's Hair Re- storer.-ADVT. An excellent driving belt is -said to have been made by a Frenchman who parchmented the leather instead of tanning it. The belt will not stretch, and is said to be more durable than those produced by the tanning process, At thc Photo Club, Loudon, great interest was' excited by the exhibition of photographs giving all the colours of the original objects. One represented a bouquet with red, violet, green, blue, and other colours in their various tints. Another showed a corner of a park witt a blue sky, gravelled avenues, and tran!bled soil. Another represented a cottage in fell sunshine surrounded by shrubberies. Then theie was a series of coloured placards in all their glaring hues, and next a photograph of a Japanese screen. As, however, with the early daguerreotypes, each photograph is unique. How to obtain proofs on paper has yet ta be discovered. Nearly half nn hour's pose is also at present required, which would overtax tire patience of any sitter. The photographs have been taken by M. Lumiere, whose name is in this case singularly felicitous. With an improvement of the original idea of M. Lippmann, they have prepared gelatino bromide plates equally sensitive to all colours A mirror is placed behind the plate, and thc conflict of the incident and reflex lights produces alternations of light and shade resulting in a chemical phenomenon allowing a photographic delineation of the object. M. Lippmann had "previously photographed the solar spectrum, painted windows, stuffed birds, and natural and artificial flowers. The Lumière photographs will be sent to the Chicago Exhibition. It is doubtful, says *hc Daily Chronicit, if the history of speculation in any country can show a more remarkable example of rapid fortune-making and losing than the story oj the last rise and fall of "Deacon" S. V White, of tho New York Stock Exchange, whose failure woe announced on Friday last. Last year " Deacon " White tried to run a corner in corn. Thc Chicago speculators, however, proved too many for him, and after a long and a bitter fight he was forced to give up thc struggle, failing, with liabilities well up towards a million sterling. "Deacon" White had been, however, a prominent figure in Wall-street for years, and tho great black "sombrero" hat no affected was one of the " show " pieces of tho Stock Exchange, for under that hat lie carried a very big head, and a little lower down n heart so big and honest (according to Wall-street standards) that everybody liked him and believed in him. When thc creditors met after his failure they asked thc "Deacon" how much he could pay. " Every dollar I owe, with interest, if you'll give me time," he answered. Thereupon every one of the creditors gave him a full release from debt, merely accepting his simple statement, "I'll pay you all as soon as I can." Three months ago he made his word good, and was counted again ons of the rich men of Wall-street. Within the lost fortnight the terrible decline in Industrial shares or Trusts has wiped out his second fortune, and to-day he is again a bankrupt. Mr. White owes his title of aescon to his long ossociatiou witli Henry Ward Beecher ut Plymouth Church. He is one of the most noted amateur astronomers in the United States, and has n private observatory in his own grounds. 