THE EMIGRANT SHIP. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXXVI. — Continued. The boyish outline was clear against tho stars ; in tlie sheen of the binnacle hunt) nor white face sank and rose as she carried her eyes from the card to the canvas. i watched a star at- the crossjack yardarni, and marked tho pondulum accuracy of its motion there np it, su-nntr in tho heave of tlio ship, and its oscillation was truo to a hair. "No old seaman could kcop a vessel steadier to it," said i. " who's the jprl Wo walked aft ; it was Alico Perry. " Hard linen that the chief mate of a ship should have to steer her," said i, laughing. " 1'in afraid i've spoiled you." "Have you?' she answered. " You'll not take to service after this? " p'raps not." she replied. " You 11 eo dressed ns a man throiifrh life and some (fay command a alii))," said Kato. The girl strained her eyes through tho sheen, but made 110 answer. Fivoor six of the "crew" were walking about the poop. One of them suddenly oricd out, " What's that?" i said, " What do you see ?" #j She answered, " Isn't that a fire there ? " It's the moon rising," exclaimed Kate. i took the glass from the skylight and re solved the little globe-shaped glow upon tlio horizon into a small tongue of ilamc and after i hud looked a minute x distinguished the black dye of land. It was in tho north ; a few minutes later a dim purple blush upon the horizon over the starboard quarter reddened into a scar of moon. The fragment of orb, bloated, distorted, soared oil the rim of the sea; there was at this time a great hush upon the ship ; the women upon the main deck, the girls aft, all of us were silent, watching tho moon rise or the distant native fire. It was then there sounded in tho air overhead such .another long-drawu peculiar moaning noise as had run like a sound of lamentation through the Atlantic hush 011 that night which preceded tho suicide of Mary Lonney. and my being sent adriit by Brigstock. Doubtless, it proceeded from some invisible concourse of wild fowl wing ing to an island ; it's a sign that an island is uninhabited when you see many birds hover- ing over it ; a number of uninhabited islands there were in those days hot cabouts, and that strange, melancholy cry echoing through tlie silent wind over our trucks was undoubtedly the piping of some migratory procession of sea-fowl travelling by night for a reason known to themselves. The sound was miserably dismal ; the girls on tho poop, whilst listening torit, crowded together us though terrified, and we all stared upward, but nothing was to bo seen thero save a beautiful field of stars. " Hallo !" cried i. " Where's tho ship going to?" i looked round, and sprang to the wheel. Alice Perry had fallen on her knees beside it, and, With her face buried in Iter hands, was sobbing hysterically. i brought the ship to her course, whilst Kate and a clo/cn others gathered around thut strango, kneeling, weep ing, boyish figure. " What is it, dear?" cried one. "What's the matter with her?" exclaimed another in a voice of awe. Kato knelt be3ide tho sobbing girl, and soothingly addressed and caressed her, but she held her face obstinately buried and made no reply, only tlmt she weut on crying as though Iter heart was breaking. Then all at once springing to her feet, she exclaimed : "It's nothing. It's all right now. Let mo be, i tell yer ! Leave me alone, will yer — i want air !" ami she went to tho rail and overhung it. The island with the native signal fire burning was doubtless Elizabeth Island; us 1 hoped there might he nothing to fear in the way of shoals this side the Four Crowns, which wore a day's sail ahead, 1 altered tlio course to the southward by a point and a half, then called to Corbtti and delivered tho wheel up to Iter. Kate wanted to talk to me about, the singular wailing noise up in the air; it was time, however, for tlio women to go below, and i asked her to seo to it and report the lights safe, and tell tlie women that tlie sound was made by birds, and not by ghosts, as i guessed many of them imagined. 44 We heard the same noise that night Mary Lonney cut her throat," said Kate, us she was going. " i hopo it'll be no ill omen this time." Perry stood alone at the rail right aft on tho quarter ; tho hearty little Deal girl grasped the wheel ; others of the women crew stood about the deck staring at the signal fire and talking about the sighing noise that had passed through the air. It was the influence of that noise still acting niton my nerves which made me find the snip a solemn, visionary picture at this time, as though she had gathered from tho starshine and the dusk and the distorted corner of moon astern some quality of mystery which carried her out of nature. The moon made 110 light as vet, and the vessel swam in shadow; she. lifted and fell upon tlie long black heave of tho sea, her canvas pulling steadily and a little curl of dim firo shone under either bow, Tlie point of light, sparkling upon the low inky dye of land, made a romantic wonder and even horror of tlie gloom there, with its suggestion of the savage cannibal spirit and midnightrites and orgies without a name. 44 What's the matter with you, Alice?" said i. going to her side and putting my hand upon Iter shoulder. She made no auswer. " Hid that strange noise overhead just now scare you ?" "No," she replied quickly. 11 Can't people wish themmdves dead without being inter fered with?" " Why, my bravo li! tie woman, what's raised that ugly desire?" "i wish i'd never been born!" sho ex claimed. "So do most of us. You're hysterical. Como into the cuddy and i'll give you a little brandy and water." 44 1 don't want anything. tmi't it beastly hard upon a girl that she should have fcelin's and nut know words to speak 'cm with? If Miss Darnley had my thoughts she'd make herself sweet to you with her language. She's a lady, and her father was a parson. Mine was a baker, which died of drink, and left mc to the parish. Why should there he such a. dilVerenoe? Them stars are pretty much alike?; some are brighter than t'others-- that's only 'cause they're nearer; thoy all shine, but it ain't so with people. Don't x know 'ow you're laughin' in your 'art at me when you hear me talk, though your brcediii' keeps your face calm." 44 Don't bo a fool. i admire aud respect vou, so does Miss Barnley. ah must who know you. Nature has made yon a lady, and you're grumbling because she hasn't) acted schoolmistress as well us mother." 44 Don't talk rubbidge. a baker's brat a lady?" Her eyes glowed in tho starlight as they stared at me in her white face under tlio shaggy heap of hair upon her brow. She suddenly softened her voice, and said, ' i'm sorry i let go tlie wheel. Yer angry with mo for that." "i couldn't be angry with vou for nothing but temper and silliness. To listen to t/oti, who have the heart of a heroine, with a finer spirit than cvor i've met with in your own sex— to listen to yon of them ali on board talking twaddle. Come below. i'll give you a small glass of brandy. Then turn in." She eyed me steadfastly whilst i spoke. 44 x suppose," said she, 44 if ever we gets to Australia you'll stop there a little, and then go'onio?" 44 wliv, yes, i hope to go home." ".Shall you marry Miss Darnley there, or take her '01112 single?" 44 Never you mind," said i, laughing nnd looking round towards the wheel, for Cor- bin was not out of eat shot, though bUo was perhaps too occupied by her duty to hear us. 44 'Ow long have you known her before you met her here ?" 44 No chief mate is permitted to cross- examine bin captain in tliis fashion," said 1 ; then fearing if i made her milky she'd breed trouble amongst tho others, 1 said, 44 i'm grateful to you, aud as fond as i ought to be. They shall make a lady of you iu .Sydney. What should i have done without you ?" and i took her lmnd. She Btiatchcd it from me with a shudder, buried her face, and then wont forward. Soon after she was gone i heard a faint, distant halloaing put upon tlie sea ; it sounded as though it came from midway the ship and tho low black shadow of island with tho sparkle upon it ; it was nearer, how ever, than tlmt, as i had afterwards reason to suppose. i pointed the glass nt tho place whore tho halloaing seemed to sound, imagining that sotno small colonial trader was thuro, but seeing nothing 1 concluded tho shouts came from a canoe. Tho idea of a swarm of savages drawing within arrow- shot— 50 or 100 of them for all i could tell, so thick was tho dusk upon the face of the water — would have frightctiod m« horribly, but for our rate of going. j looked over t he side and ealeu- latod in tho nas.mgo of tho stars of sea-firo a full six, and i guosed that at that, if ever a chase was entered 011 we'd soon be alone agnm. Three times i heard that distant faint halloaing. Corbin asked what it was; none of the others about tho decks seemed to heed it. Kate arrived and said all was right in the twcendecks. i. |!av! kiokcd into tho forecastle ?" 4 ino, ' she answered. "Alice Perry's beep tn Iking very queerly ; she h gone forward with her cyeo on fire unci a hand of ico. Sho is ill, or going to bo Stop forward, will you, dear, and tell me how sho does. She is a valuable baud, worth cherishing." Site went awav without a word. Her sihmee was like a sulky look. i stepped to tho rail and stared at tlio water in tlio direction whence the holioamg had come. In about a quarter of an hour Kato returned. Sho told mc that Alico Perry was lying down and soemod well. 44 She asked me," she said, 44 to beg vou tn forgivo her for speaking rudely." 44 Chaw ! a poor servant girl !" said i. wo bado each other good night, and alio went to her quarters. The moon was glowing with some power the island had veered 011 to our quarter, antf was just under tlio moon, like a littlo dusky cloud, with 11 faint sheet of greenish radianco trembling under it. i noticed a tiny black spot in tho midst of that dim lustre, and mi pointing my telescope saw it wnsu canoe It seemed motionless whilst i watched, ami presently tlie passage of our ship swept it into the shadow, nnd i lost it. i replaced Corbin at the wheel by "Barker and told two of the women to keep a hrHit lookout, whilst i went 011 to the forecastle totakon view of tho sea ahead. nothing was to bo seen from cither bow. i let my naked sight sink into tho obscurity, tlicu swept with tho telescope. (Over ami over again at night at sea tho telescope has found me objects i had missed with the binocular glass.) All was wide sea, darkling to the stars. Tho scuttle, as tho forecastle hatch is called, lay open. i had no thought of prying into the privacy of the girls down there, but imagining that the lump was making too strong a light i stopped ami peered into tho hatch, and saw Alico Perry seat od on tlie deck writing on the llvleaf of a book, with the forecastle lump beside her. This was highly improper and dangerous' but as i did not wish to provoke her tonguu aflcr what had already passed, 1 went aft quickly and told one of the girla to run for ward and hook the lamp to its laniard again. 44 If Perry resists," said i, " come to mo." "When the girl returned she told me m1j0 found the lamp hanging under tlie boum us usual, aud Perry gettiug into her bunk. 44 All right," said i, and went aft, mushi? on the picture of Perry seated on the deck1 and wondering what 011 earth she haij written. It. was news, indeed, io discover that the girl could even read. There was a grating over the tiller, and i got upon it to sit ami smoke aud doze. 1 was close to tho wheel, and needed but to stretch iny neck t-j see the compass card. i was awakened from a short nap by Marshall coming to relmw the helm. i talked with her awhile, took m a turij, smiled at the sight of three of my crew sound asleep on tlie skylight, and tvo of them nodding with their backs against the companion, then returned to the grating and smoked and meditated, with au occa" sional spell of 40 wiuus between whiles .-13 before. i had borrowed a watch from one of the women, and, looking at it by-and-bye, found it was midnight. x called out at tlie top of my voice that it was eight balls ; the sleepers awoke, half the watch came out of the cuddy, and tho whole wearied lot of them wont forward. After a bit three or four girls of tlie other, watch came on to the poop One of them was Flo Lewis, who, whilst approaching tho wheel, stooped and peered, ami exclaimed : 44 Isn't Perry here ? " 44 No," i answered, going toiler, 44 Mas- shall's at tho wheel." 44 Then whero's Perry, Captain?" said Lewis. 44 Isn't she iu tho forecastle ?" " No." 1 walked to tho break of tho poop and colled for Alice Perry. The name was caught up and shrilly repeated by some girls 011 tho maiiuleck. 1 said to somcoue who stood near : 44 Run below and tell Miss Darnby that Perry's missing, and ask her to search the 'twooridecks." i then went forward slowly, looking to right and left of me, for tho girl had a fierce spirit, and i couldn't guess what hellish intention might bo covered by this hiding of herself. i peered warily and eagerly into tho' darkness about the fore mast and galley till x came to tlie fore- castle, where 1 halted and asked permission to enter. a number of voices called to mo to coine in. Thirteen or fourteen young women, look- ing for all itho world like stout, well-growu hoys iu thuu clothes were here, a few sitting in their bunk, most of them standing. They were talking about Alice Perry. 44 What's become of the girl?" said i. "Aro you sure she's not in her bed hidden under a blanket ? " 44 That's where sho sleeps," said one of the women, pointing to a bunk iu tlio forepart of the Interior. 44 1 tuke turn and turn with her in that shelf. Her coat's there." 44 Her coat!" i walked to the bunk and picked up the garment and saw a piece of paper pinned to the sleeve. 1 brought it to the light and read, faintly pencilled man extraordinary unformed handwriting, these words : — 44 / k'U myself, for cf I don't- I shall hi K.2), let. (J,M. ye# what fur 1 hxps my own uv.crait ami currier my poor tout bijore Uovdpurc — A.lJ 44 She's committed suicide," 1 said. 44 There nowl" shrieked a girl, 44 i told yer that noise meant the death of one of us." x walked out aud tho women followed mo silent with horror. i had scarcely gained tho poop when Kato joined inn. 44 Alico Perry is not in our quarters,' alio said. i took her to the binnacle and gave nor the paper to read by tho lamplight there, and left her whilst i thoroughly searched the nlnp. (To bo Continued). 