Psychical Wonders- G1103T6 IN THE KITCHEN. Much amusement lias boon caused by tho advent urcs of a family occupying au apartment in an old houso in tho Rue do la Sonrdioro, Paris (says tho Journal of Science). Part of tho kitchen, which is very largo, has boon iatoly used as a bedroom by a relativo, who is in Paris till <V imit| L llu UIUVUIUCI lltuo UIMll.il VVU isdividnd from tho kitchen by a partition. A fow evenings ago (says I ho Paris cor respondent of tho Daily Telegraph), this person was awakened by a tremen dous din in the kitchen , and on pro ceeding thither sho found that all the pots and pnns, which had beou suspon- ded neatly from pogs 011 the walis, had been throwu on the floor, 'l'ho family was aro us ad and mado search, but uo oluo to tho mystery was forthcoming, On tljo following night uot ouly was tho batterie da cuisine again flung to tho ground, but tho shelves attached to tho walls had shared tho same fate. Tho glass of tho partition was smashed, a heavy deal dresser was oveiturued, and some charcoal that was on the range had fullon into the middle of tho kit chen. Un this occasion one member of the family was actually in the room when the furniture was being toppled over, and iu the morning aftor everything had been set to rights, tbo s trim go scene was repeated. Tho architect was senL for, but could give no explanation. Tho apnrtmout adjoining tho kitchen is empty at the present inoinont. Peoplo havo named tho place tho " Haunted House," and tho dwelling placo is now bosiogod by visitors oagor to inspect tho scono of tho disturbances. A 11 pots ancl pans have been removed in despair; but theso extraordinary phenomena aro re peated, any article laid on tho rungo being invariably precipitated thore from after the lapse of a few minutes. Such, at least, is tho story related by tho tenant mid his family. A Yankee minister said to his con gregation : " My friends, after tho close of the sermon wo will lake up a collec tion, Tho rich will givoof thoir abun- dunco, and wo shall not dospiso the widow's mite. I may Buy wo reckon I ho widow's inito at two dollars aud a- lnvlf." Mr S. (snappishly) : " Don't bo cor recting that boy always, Sarah. Lot Nature luko its coqrso, won't you?" Mrs S. (laying nsido thn rod) ; " I'll do nothing of tho sort. I don't intont that any wotnnn shall havo such a husband as I've got if 1 can prevent it." 