A LOVER OF PEACE. " Now, my brethren, I'm going to fight this battle straight through from beginning to end, and not lose my Christian feelings either." In these words, spoken on the ovo of the great war against slavery, Henry Ward Becolier at once opitomised unconsciously his own character, and hit off tlio ideal type of porfect chivalry wliich moat poets liavo endeavored to express, and some men have succeeded in realising. As ' far.removed ns possible from the inoaly mouthed who ory pence when there is no pcnco, no was over a figlitor, from tho days when, in 1836, ho was sworn in as A special constable to protect tho negroes from tho inob ; and he lived to see that ho had helped to bring about, not indeed the settlement, hut tho only possible basis for tho settlement, of tho greatest problem that has vexed tho Now "World. Ho came of a Btrong race. The Eceohors were blacksmiths, and his great great grand father could lift a barrel of ohlcr and drink out of tho hungholc. His sistor is oven more famous in England than ho is, for she wrote Uncle Tom's Cabin. His mother was a remark able woman, and Mb father is said to havo been in many ways a greater preacher than hiinaelf. A jolly boy, who was fast friends with the birds and beasts and tlowors, and who paid little attention to tho lessons that were drummed into him in tho littio log school house, ho grow up strong and simplo in tho patriarchal New England home tlmt had very little of the "l'uritan penitentiary " about it. "M'lien his parents moved to Boston, lie wanted to go to Boa; but lio soon found his real voca tion, for through many doubts and difficulties — ncoentuated by Ills Calvin- iqtio training — lio won Ills \vay to tho sublime and Catholic Faith in Christ tlmt was over aftor the motive power of lus life. Ho was not a theologian, and ho was not orthodox according to tlio standard of Ills day, for lie looked nt religion from the opposite point of viow to that of tho Oalvinist ; but (to use a phrase that cant has not quito robbed us of) ho "preached Christ." And, therefore, being a largo hearted and. intensely religioua man he was a reformer, who in matters ecolosiastioal always lived up to a vow ho mado .at the very beginning of his publio life— I will never BCHer>bcgnn his life among tho half olea"d forests and malarial swamps of the Y est. ilio ro.igli.ioss of the life and the pri.nit'Ve condi- tion of the poople may ho gathered from the fact that in Iiidianonolis, Ins second pastorato, tlio original stumps of the forest trees oould bo plainly seen in tlio streets. Now the population has r ien lrom . 4000 to 125,000, and no doubt a better kind of wood pavement is in yog.io; but at that time the inhabitants lived I in povoriy and did daily battle with dirt and fever. Mrs. Bceohcr eltcd out ,the \- mch'gre ' ministerial sala'iy by taking in sewing. But penury did not damp tlicir happiness, the youthful "Amerioan Demosthenes >' stoned ho raisins for lnVown wodding qakd, and palhted his own house, ijor wasJie too llr?u.d'\\.i!!M old olotiies that friends preaontod. to wmAhe, country' suited Kim,' .too, for his jove of.Mtaio, waa int'eime; arid hlBknowIndgo of trcoa apt! flowers,wonldi have satisfied Mr. Rtaskin lilm- self. ,-Hert- is a pioture of this fresliost of clerics from, tho. pen of., Harriet Bceoher Stowo — "To oarrjr Christ's spotless banner in high triumph through' such , a 'land was a thing worth living for, nhd as'h'o rodd on horseback alone from day ito day -hlohgl'tbe rolling prairie land, some times up to his horses head in grass and waving ilowers, lie felt himself kindled witli a sort of ecstttoy,"-. Ho was admirably suited to this ldnd of work- he was entirely free from fastidiousness, ho had the good taste always to prefer the coarser word if it lmpponed to be the more expres sive, and his wit and power of quick roparteo soon became famous. For instance, ho was one day thrown over his horse's head into the Miami Rtvcr, upon which his friend the Baptist minister M began to rally him on the fact that peecher had finally been immersed, and had become as good a Baptist as anybody." Bub the quick witted Beecher was more than even with his brother when ho replied with good naturcd contempt : M My immersion was a different thing from that of your converts. You sec, I was immersed by a horse, not by an ass I" A "Western minister in those days must have carried his life in his hand. Upon one occasion Beecher had denounced a notorious man in tho city, who met him noxfc day, and, pistol in nanu, demanded if ho was the man who had been spoken against. "Mr. Beecher replied allirmatively, when the '.ru(Ban said, with au oath, Take it back right here/ or I'll shoot you 011 the spot.' 'Shoot away.' was the oalin reply, as Mr. Beecher walked on. The bully followed him for a few steps aud then slunk back to the hotel." Ho lamented "that " for tho first three years of my ministry- -i did riot make a single sinner wink," But he cannot have causod the righteous to nod either, for he was at last forced by the importunities of tho Enst to ac cept a call to Now York, where he founded Plymouth Church with a member ship of 21. This was in 1847. W. E., Chnnning had lately died ; Lowell was writing the first series of tho Mjlow Papers; William Lloyd Garrison and Wendel l'hillips were fighting hard against slavery. Tho main interesc ot i>eecuer nes ncncciorwaru in ins ho'rbic and unflinching struggle for tho causo of the slave. At that time property in slaves was thought just as righteous by " nearly everybody who rode in a first class car " as property iu land is now. The Tract Society said : ' Wo aro set up to preach the Gospel, not to meddle with political and industrial institutions." And so they went on printing trncts against tobacco and its abuses, tracts against dancing and its abuses, and refusing to print a tract that had a shadow of criticism on slavery. Beecher went to work in his own irresistible way. For instance " Mr. Beeclior would not ride, and urged his friends not to ride, in the conveyances placarded with the words:— "Colored pcuplo not allowed to ride in this omnibus." In a fortnight's time the placards were gone. \- But tho greatest sermons he preached for emancipation were when ho brought slaves on to his platform, and collected money there and then from his congregation for their release. On one of these occasions lie created "a panic of sympathy " by extemporising then and there the auction of a Christian slave. At another time, when he was baptising some children, he took up a littio whito child and went with it in to the pulpit. After a silence of breathless ex pectation, he explained his reason— " This child was born a slave, and has just been redeemed from slavery." A certain Dr. Lord, president of Dartmouth Oollego, had latoly writtcu a book upon slavery as a divine institution. Beecher, therefore, pioceeded: — "When I see a drabbled woman upon Broadway, when I meet a man who uas been wrecked, I feel as if I could lay down my life for them, if necessary, to save them ; but when I read a book, written by a hoary headed president of a collcee. intended to extol ati institution that would consign a child like this to a life worse than death, I ourso him in tho name of my God." Tlio congregation— their feelings wrought to the highest fiitoli — broke forth into applause, and when it had subsided Mr. Beecher put his hand upon the child's head, and said, "Anna, blossom of Liberty, I baptise thee in the name of tho Father, and of the »Son, aud of tho Holy Ghost." There is doubtless something in this that goes to explain the contemptuous phrase "a heated barbarian " which Matthew Arnold dropped upon Beecher. But it did its work, and if it was emotional there was plenty of room for more emotion among the Americans just then. When tho war broke out, Beecher waa ready. " I hold it, then, a thousand times better," he exclaimed, " to havo war than to have slavery and he got Plymouth-Church to contribute 3000 dol. to aid in equipping the Brooklyn Fourteenth. Ho was away from homo when his eldest son took measures to enlist. On tho father's return, his son at onco risked Father, may I enlist?'1 and the swift answer came " If you don't, I'll disown you." In 1863 Beecher mado his famous lecturing tour in England. The feeling against the NortlwMuycrv strong, and the Saturday JUi'ioo ness confessed that a dislike for America, mil to the coiiscloiwrtep, that the same ideas whipn America were also working1.!!! Engtymffieecner had to fight with hug>. divided, audiences in Mmchestek Glasgow ainuptbed places, and his final viclorsvas dhe-umost aft much to his great physicnlowcr ' as, magnificent oratory and winning maimers, v jjjy almost collapsod under the strain, and uiu not at one time expcob to survive lits English cam paign. He did, however, and returned to hoar of tho assassination of Lincoln, and to preach a great sermon iu his momory. As the bitterness that the war had oroatcd died away he settled down to his regular work till his death m 1887. Much more might bo said about this many sided man, his skill In winning mdividuals to the cause of religion, the great changes he wrought iu congregational musio and singing, his love of pictures (he acknowledged a greater debt to Mr. Buskin than to any other modern man), Iii9 knowledge of gems, of flowers, „and n thousand other things, and above all Ins simple, gcuial, and lovablo nature. About bis posi tion as a prcaohor tbcro is no dispute; but ohiefly ho will be remembered as a man who almost unconsciously broadened theology ana made it more practical. Tho following cxtraot from his biography illustrates at once his stylo aud his character 11 m,fty peel me, -and bark mo, and strip me of my loaves, and do as Ho chooses with my earthly estate. I havo lived long enough ; I have had ft tune. You cannot take back the blows I have given the Devil right in tho face. I have uttered some words that will not die, because they are in- oornorated into tho lives of meu that will not die." — Daily Chronicle . . Henry Ward Beecher,' the By John Homy Barrows. Now York : luiik ami WugimlU Company. 