SOCIAL GOSSIP, Mr. Malcolm C. Salaman writes : — " A man kisses tho woman he loves, and she roBpouds to his caress. He holieves it is in the 8amo passionate spirit, but really tho iinpnlso is entirely difforent. Ho kisses her to satisfy his own yearning ; she kisses him bccauso she knows it will make him happy, and to make him happy is tho active spirit of her love. And it is just the failure of a man to distinguish and accopt this beautiful spirituality in woman's rolations with him which necessitates that proteotive dissimu lation that becomes her second nature. For example, here tho woman must simulate tho pasaiou of the lover, for ho would not bo satisfied with the dolicata impulse of her responsive caress ; so lie is purinittcd to bclio\ c that she feels us ho does, reasoning only from his own emotions, while she in stinctively knows thnt their feelings are running in dilforent channels, though they meet in the broad ocean of lovo." Ladies who persist in carrying thoir purses in their hands havo only themselves to thank if they experience the fate of the two ladies who recently coinplainod in Lon don, through the voice of the elder, that in kroud daylight, and in a frequented thoroughfare, a well-dressed young man took hold of her daughter's baud, robbed her of her oponly-displuyed purse, and almost with a bow, ran off with it. Passers-by declined to "stop tjio thief " when requested; and the "polis" were iiiidisoovcrable. Of course it was very wrong of the well dressed, polite- ful young man, very weak-kucod of the bystanders not to go in for athletic sports against the agile youth ; and conduct very remiss indeed of tho "polis" to be away from their "beat"; but, after all, the cnminon-scnso verdict mnst bo against the ladies, and the opinion of most peoplo is, ".Served 'em right," Why on earth should they carry their " little oil " (as the lady expresses it) as recklessly as a penny bun in a hag? Have they pockets? Let them use thciri ! Uave they no pockets? Lot them change their dressmaker 1 There are also other dangers to be guarded against. Women aro physically careless. When they go into a shop, down on tho counter go all thoir belongings, umbrellas, purse, previous pur chases, wraps, gloves, and etceteras. What wuuul'i u uiu juittu yuis uveriouK-cu iu the scramble of departure 1 This is only ono among the hundred risks attaching to the "littlo all." The best advice to the averago woman is to take no Imnk notes, no inouey in her purse, but to pay, by cheque or cash, on receipt of tho goods. If thin be not practicable let her fasten a bag round her, like a courier, with a steel chain, and thcro keep the necessary evil ; or she may attach the pnrse to iter wrist by a chain, though this haB a rather hnndculfy olfccl. The one thing she is ad vised not to do is that which she now does— "bear hor purse within her hand for thieves to peck at." \Y omen who wish to give a iong-waisted appearance to their bodices are wearing pointed qj)t jet girdlos with very long jet fringe on tho lower edge. These girdles aro very expensive, but if one has the time a girdle can bo inado at homo at a compara tively small cost. Tho plain jot girdlo may bo got, and strands of beads bought anil hung in tho proper fringe faBhion from it, In doing this be careful chat each string of heads is separato and tho thread securely fustencd, so that if one should break the others will not, of necessity, follow its example. - Was' it not a" man who wrote to the papers some years ago, remarking that all the girls wero growing sqaara-shouldercd as a matter of fashion, and wondered how they did it ? He could understandMterations in complexion and hair, also iu the mouth's ex pression after visits to the dentist had be come obligatory ; but the other tmflled liim, Well$Uhe tables aro now turning the other way, the square shoulders are rapidly being superseded by sloping ones; the swanlike licck, but lately scoflcd at, is once more asserting its claim to pre-eminent loveliness. The low-cut Early Victorian corsage has come in vogue once more (says Alico) and the requisiio shoulders to match 'must ho provided as soon as possible. The "plunge into the social swim," or debut, of the late millionaire's daughter, Jlise Helen Gould, took place earlylast year amid great festivities. As an instuiico of how American millionaires do things ic may he mentioned that tho orchestra alone cost a thousand dollars for three hours' music. The luncheon was provided oil a similar scale of magnificence. Miss Gould is of quiet and reserved manners, and has alwayB displayed a marked interest in church and Sunday-school work. It is now gonerally recognised that the woman who cares for her personal appear ance, and who has leisure enough to devote somo of iicr time to it, is in duty bound to put something of herself into her dress, as the phrase goes. With tho Empire style she has excellent opportunities of doing this; for, being of any tiling hut a " severe "styie, it is easy to remodel the garments of that period. Then, also, the ideas of the present generation about the fashions of the end of the last and beginning of the present century are somewhat vague, and few people thero are, aed these few fur between, who, at a moment's notice, could draw the exact line between the Wattcau, Kocuco, Louis Seize, and Empire Btyles of drcs3. Hence, lot us take of the Empire, and of tho other charm ing costumes of our great-grandmothers, what is best and most pleasing, and leave the rest. A lady writes about Josephino corsets: — A woman is always adorable to look at, hut sho is moro so than ever in the Josephine corsets that go with the Empire gowns. The corset is really just a shield, shaped to fit, that paBscs over and supports the bust. It is mad6 of softly-boned satin or silk. It is of necessity low-ueckcd, and it is edged abour. the neck with lace. From tho iowor edge hangs a long petticoat, a perfect petti coat to go under a Josephine gown, hut besides that tho dearest thing to look at. It coincB to tho heels, and, with a tiny Zouave jacket Blipped over it, tho weureris ut once arrayed in tho mo3t fascinating of negliges, far and away prettier thun tho old dressing sack and skirt, that without a corset looked like the dickens, and with a corset was uncomfortable. Tho Josephino effect is the ono beautiful and comfortable style for the house. All our negliges up to thiB timo have inoant corsets or uutidyness. All hail, then, to comfort. And botween the lines let us pray that fashion will not make us carry these gowns out of doors. For wo shall freezo if wo do. Think about it, and you will seo that wo must froezo or look like feathor bolsters. Queen Margherita of Italy's wonderful collection of laces, dating back 1000 years befofcj Christ, and gathered from Egyptian and Etruscan tombs, will bo sent to tho Chicago Exhibition— tho first timo that they havo ever left Italy. Accompanying this exhibit ot luces there will be a collection of tho work of Italian women up to date. This exhibit will he ono of tho most prominent features of the display in the Women's Building. "A job lot" is a vulgar but admirably descriptive term (says Miss Mantalini( for the appearance of somo girls who don for evening attire a ready-made colored silk bodice with au old skirt of another material and shade. I do not think it advisable to buy skirts or bodices ready-made. They aro never quite perfect as regards fit, and seldom wear well. Still, for all that, the show of evening bodices in some of tho drapers' shops just now is a very attrac tive one, and pome oz the JateBt novelties, fashioned in silk and lace with velvet sleeves, nre undoubtedly pretty. Tho blouses in dclicatc-colored surah, with smart little zouavea of somo otiier material — brocade or velvet trimmed witli gold — aro also very tempting. Somo of tne daintiest-looking bodices are in surah, with embroidered silk muslin frills round tho neck and edgo of tho sleeves. Thoso articles of tho toilette which i.ro puroly ornamental in London are more elaborate than ever. Tho fail of ostrich or marabout feathers, with frame of tortoise- shell or mother-of-pearl ; the Wattcau fan, on which an artist has conjured what looks like the ghost of a dainty "shepherd" Eicturo ; end that costliest and tnost cautiful of toys, tho fan covered with lino old lace, are very much to the fore. Diamond nrrows, buckles, crescents, and clasps aro used for holding tho must fashion able hair ornament, a natural flower, iu position. Thero is no doubt that one of the chiof charms of the fashionB of the day lies in the coloring of the materials and a judicious blending of them. It is astonishing what beautiful effects can he obtained by com bining shades which havo a "natural affinity." Thus, mauve and pink ; yellow, brown, and pink ; various 3hades of green ; moss-green, dark brown, and copper color ; and sapphiro blue and mouse color cult bo combined with great success, especially in thin materials used for evening dresses. The days of the blouse seem really to bo numbered. 'Tin true, 'tis pity ; for they wero easy, airy, elegant, and everything else that is agrooable. But it is ever the same — "tout cobsc, tout lassc, tout passe" —and since the law of contrasta holds never more good than in what is very curiously called "tho world of fashion " a tight-fitting bodice is to succeed the loose and non- chalanto-looking blouse. Tho materials of the sleeves bolonginp to this garment are to be of the color of the skirt, and the bodice itself must ho of a diflerent color, harmonis ing or contrasting. For instance, a tartan skirt and sleeves — big sleeves, of course — in which bottle-green is tho predominating color would look well with a bodice of bottle-green volvot or very dark red cloth. Don't you lovo tho peoplo who give you gloves at ChriHtmas and on birthdays? asks Madge in London Truth. I do, especially if they have previously taken care to dis cover tho correct number. There is a now and very pretty sort of glove in blnck, glossy kid, stitched with a color down the hacks and hemmed round the wrist and the button-opening with kid to match tho stitching, the largo mother-o'-pearl buttons being dyed to the same t>nt. You have no idea how decorative this all makes the glove. In black and red it is particut Iarly pretty. There ure lovely shades of heliotrope, pink, and yellow now to ho had in sul-de evening gloves. If you aro send ing for any remember that the sixteen- button length just turn tho clhaV comfort ably. Thero ought to he a sumptuary law obliging ull those, who havo sharp elbows to wear them of this length, and for warmth it is also advisable to have them long. The now fans aro suggestive of Christinns boxes, those with colored spangles being particularly so. Some are scarlet on black, others green, and others pink. The white feather ones, have tulips as a decora tion carried out in feathers, very soft and pretty. Quite now are those with colored ribbons gathered down to tho sticks, and thoy can be had to match any gown. Speaking of ballgowns, Miss Mantalini remarkB : — A pink, satin gown, which was a compromise between an Empire and a tight-fitting gown, pleased me much. It was veiled by a drapery of lovely deep cream lace, which hung in straight, uncon- fined folds from u Hort of yoke in pale blue velvet arranged with a good deal of fulness. Thus, you see, the effect was that of the Empire waist, though the dress itself fitted quito closely and showed the contour of the figure through the lace drapery. The neck was cut low, and the sleeves wore veiled with laee. Whatfirststruck me on looking ut somo novelties hero that at the waist instead of being madu with durts. The prettiost dresses wore inudo of oinbroidercd silk muslin over colored silks or satins. Ribbons aro not used to any groat oxtent. Tho skirt trimmings aro generally put at tho foot. A lovely pink dinner dross, however, was decorated lightly with green ribbons, and had a oorselet belt and fcot-trimniing composed of pink rosebuds anil leaves. Another handsome gown was in pale blue and peach color patterned with large floial stripes formed of hydrangea blosBoins. Ic had a Wntioau train of peach silk falling from a large vel vet bow, and sleevos of velvet. Cascades of luco formed tho trimming. At 01:0 establishment they aro showing a mons trosity called the " crinoline skirt," which I pass over altogether. It is not worth describing, for I am quite sure that nobody will take it soriuusly. The coBtmne- makors, no doubt, find their business very dull, but roally wo cannot undertake to im prove it at the cost of making guys of our selves." Amongst tho new materials (sayo tho writer of "Woman's World" in the St. James' Gazette) aro a shot frise— a rich dim corded poplin — in all sortB of lovely blends, old rose and pale green being ono of the prettiest. Kidskin silk is another delicious fabric. Is has all the tender dim ness of the article it professes to imitutc. A new and delightful silk has horizontal ribs, which havo a delightful way of breaking into what look liko printed trills at inter vals. It is a silk of esprit, and has an agreeable way of defying monotony which is suro to bring it into favor. 