_^mMmkimL On Tuesday last we got the news that Sir Thomas M'Hwraith had sailed from Colombo. The same day Sir Richard ^Trai|^ejiiBked_ajiyiMtioa-tn^iie~Bau8e^bl CommopB regarding Indian coolies for Australia. Of course that may have been merely a coincidence ; but in the~^ight of its nast action on the subject of coloured labour the Government has no right to feel TtgHOTWlif ^tte-pubtie Toindr impelled 'by the rumours that ha vs been afloat ever since the Colonial Treasurer selected the distant Orient as his official health resort, inclines to the opinion thai) his tour was really a journey of oommerce and that the recovery of his health was a matter of less importance than the opportunity of satis f actory arrangement with foe authorities of India or Japan for another influx of aliens. ' Additional probability is lent; to the theory by the movements of Mr. Hume Black. Months have passed since that gentleman was empowered by a corrupt and servile parliament to proceed to England at a salary of £1000 a year for the purpose of negotiating a huge amount of more or less private business in the name and at the ex pense of the whole' community ; and still he is hovering about the colony. His ap pointment in the first instance was regarded by unprejudiced people m an extremely shady , transaction. Meanwhile it has gained in bad odour from the general im pression chat for many weeks past he has — been drawingbJaemolBnienfaasaaaember of the Legislative Assembly as well as his splendid salary from the public funds as ambassador extraordinary for the ring of syndicators chiefly interested in the success of the land grant railways. And now to add to everything else comes the very reasonable suspicion that he is merely 'putting in tune ' until the return of — M'Dwrtrtth ffith definite informfttipn for the money kings in London touching the supply of ooolie labour for the construction of tine various lines. If that is indeed the case then the white worker man might as wellclear out of the country, ^at oaee. ? ? — -»; ? ~~* * Under any circumstances his only chance —I mean the worker's nob Hume Black's —for years to come is in the approaching — olootionn. Tho coloured labour question itself sinks into insignificance -beside the appalling swindle involved in the con struotionof«omany railways on the land grant principle. To give away a solitary acre to anybody in an age when people are overjrwuwv rowguiBiug Mini luc uiuikwjjuljr of land is the bedrooklof «ocial4nequaiity is arrant folly; but to give about 100 million acres including some of its richest mineral land to a handful of specu lators as a bonus for the construction of railways that in time to come will be mines of wealth in themselves, and then to ar range for buying the railways back at their full oommercial value and leaving the land in the hands of the speculators is treason against the commonweal more shameless than any British colony has ever witnessed. How far Parliament will complete its plan of wholesale exploitation before the general elections his yet to be seen. It will of course advance the swindle another stage. But with regard to coolie labour, if there is a scheme on foot for its employment we shall know nothing about that until th$. elections are over and another House has been commissioned to take up the work of the last, or as is more probable to begin . . the work of pulling it down. ? A good illustration of what may be done by even a leaven of Labour members in an Australian Parliament was afforded only this week by our much-abused friends in New South Wales. The Australian Gas Light Company, a wealthy corporation having oontrol of the illumination of the city and many of tht- suburbs applied for the privilege of including in their charter the supplying -of electric light. A few years ago the application would have been granted without a murmur and the com pany applauded for its enterprise and public spirit. What actually happened was very different. All that the bill pro posed was to extend what under tho cir cumstances is a monopoly but withal a monopoly depending in the first place upon the expenditure of a large amount^ of private capital. The company did not ask for an acre of public land ; it did not ask for a farthing of public money. And yet bb a result of the social awakening in dicated by the presence of so many Labour members in Parliament the proposal was almost unanimously rejected. Our friends across the border have been too busy fighting among themselves to initiate use ful legislation ; they have' not suooeeded in preventing the Upper Chamber emu. -events been eminently tnonessfni in check ing open and aggressive plunder; and if we have not faith enough to believe that in the coming struggle here, where robbery is on a scale so gigantic thateverytbing else where dwindles into nothingness by com flarison, we can send into Parliament a contingent sufficiently strong to stop the thief before he has made off with bis swag then so much the worse for Queensland. „* * * There is nothing to be gained by saying another word in defence of the Vampire Cartoon. The press of the colony has been practically unanimous in condemning the Government for the scandalous prosecu tion in which it gave vent to its hatred of the WoagKBrana from every quarter those ~ responsible for the conduct of the paper have been the recipients of individual aym pathy^jrhere is such a thing as ' fighting fair/' and among our bitterest opponents there are men who have had the honesty to come forward and express strong indigna tion at the action of the authorities. Many of them regard the cartoon as a libel on the Q.N. Bank ; many of them think that the picture «« ^.^icfttrc was not 'itttfood- taste ;' some of them go the length of saying that it was absolutely 'coarse;' but with one accord they insist that no decent, healthy - minded person could object to it as being obscene. And there let the matter rest— at least as far as the analysis of the drawing is concerned. If the picture was really coarse or likely to offend the normal sense of delicacy, then it would have been better no doubt to bring that issue out without a cartoon— the only alternative, under the circumstances, for our cartoons are now drawn in Sydney and arrive at the WoRKEB-office barely in time for reproduction. * * * But adjmttingjoj?j|the__8ake of argument, thlit'~Sbe picture was in bad taate, that it was as one paper thinks ' in the worst of taste and artistically bad ' there is still no excuse for the action of the Government^ 4%ey ^lid^not^propeoute th^WSBEEBrfoF lack of good taste., They could not do so if they would. The law under which pro ceedings of that kind would have to be taken does not exist. They deliberately 4Jlaced-A»pott-tbei«rtoon-a-Tne«mng-Aat oould only suggest ltselt to prurient minded people, a meaning that even a prurient-minded man could wring from It only by a distortion of anatomical facts, and, furthermore, a meaning that honorable op ponents in the press and elsewhere now utterly repudiate. They did this knowing that in pout of decency the Wobker had always been above reproach ; and then in order to drive their malice home they took proceedings under an Act of Parliament that was never intended to^pply~toany thing but indecent advertisements — adver- tisements of the class that appear day after day (without a word of protest from the authorities) in the columns of the Brisbane Telegraph and many other Queensland papers. ft *j- * When the measure was before the Legis lative Council only a few months ago Mr. Brentnall, with a singularly prophetic vision, pointed out how, if passed into law. it would leave a loophole for the laying of 'malicious information' which the issue might prove to be entirely groundless, but which would still cause annoyance and expense to the people proceeded against. TheBolicitor-tjeneral wept jo far f b to say that the clause would 'expose the pub lishers of newspapers to wholesale black mailing.' Yet oddly enougHlt was these very gentlemen — the ex-parson who so justly fears the breath of the malicious informer as a source of danger to his own paper, and this wily Solicitor-General, whose cautious virtue is so conspicuous in the debate of an abstract proposal— who were chiefly concerned in the dastardly crime of blackmailing the Wobkeb. I have said before, -and' I say aicain,- that however pleasing it may have been to them to exercise their unenviable imaginations upon the picture, whatever satisfaction they may have obtained by reading— vile, meanings into it, they never seriously thought that their own filthy interpreta tion was that intended by-those-wtrorwere responsible for the production. The past history of the paper leaves absolutely no ground for the shadow of suspicion .on that score. Whichever way you look at it the prosecution was a piece of blackguardism. Indeed it is almost impossible to conceive of a government capable of committing a more serious offence. We build gaols for grjrpingJ' w»d »' «mM1b hui-hhIvhh wjijijjhR' heavy paraphernalia of justice jus_t_aa_ much to keep innocent men out of gaol as to put guilty.iytiftfl in. Vrtt in *h'g i«M«»ir« tribe Wobker had not appealed agauut the decision of the Solicitor-General and the sentence of the police-magistrate its publisher would now have been undergoing a month's imprisonment on a trumped-up charge. And it is a Government whose senBe of honour is so low, whose violation of the most sacred of its duties, the ad ministration of justice, has just been so strikingly illustrated, that is about to appeal to the country for a new lease of life ! The working man who helps it back to office deserves to fall a victim to its treachery. * # * The Wobkbb won the case eventually, it is said, on purely technical grounds. Even if it were so whose fault was that ? If the Crown Law officers had been up to their business there would have been no room for legal quibbles--? and if the police magi strate had known the law the country would have been spared the expense of a needless appeal. It is bad enough to be an object of official malice, without becoming at the same time an object'of official bung ling. The Wobkeb was singled tout first as an illustration of the wrong-heartedness of the Ministry, and secondly as an illus tration of the wrong-headednesB of their Crown Law advisers; and in either capacity it was prepared to fight. As a matter of fact in both capacities it has scored a victory. Without a moment's hesitation the judges sustained the. appeal on the point of law ; with the utmost unanimity the public has reversed the police magistrate's decision on the more important issue ; and it now remains for the Government to Bay whether they care to accept this double-barrelled defeat. If they do, then they have practically mur dered their cose, and its ghost will haunt them on every political platform in the country. If on the other hand they are prepared to stand to their guns the course is obviously simple. They have only to bring a fresh charge againBt us and take care this time that there are no Saws in the drawing up of the information. In deed, to make their course still more easy MillfflliiTOwiiinBiil^ oaariinpa ym« nyjmnftfrftH ».nd who ha.ELnoi,_L I believe, so far seen thewanarkable print. If it is the vile thing described by the pro secuting oounsel then' I have rendered myself liable to a penalty ; and further, it isaduty that the Government owes to the country as much as to themselves to pro ceed against me. If they are not prepared to accept the result of a new trial then it is useless to protest that they have been de feated on technical grounds. Their own action will in that case be the most con clusive evidence of defeat on all grounds. # # * A: iew days Ago .a correspondent wrote to the Brisbane Telegraph a ? sensible letter pointing out that although the floods were TSad enough their'resul5s~were 1afteT'~all~ quite insignificant compared - with the national havoc wrought by unjust and -tyrannical laws. A week ago the Telegraph came out with an editorial reply ; and as a sample of the sort of thing that the Labour Party has always had to contend aeainst and will of course have to encounter with increasing frequency as the elections ap proachf the article is worth attention. To iegin with the writer says that there are no 'unjust laws which allow men to accumulate. It may be true that there is no law preventing persons from accumulat ing ; it would be impossible to make such and ruinous to the community if they could be made.' Now each of those statements is an absolute untruth. The law which enables me to go into a rising township and buy a corner allotment at £1 a foot and after withholding it from use for a few years to sell it for £10 or £20 a foot because the expenditure of other people's labour in the district has increased its value is dis tinctly an unjust law by which people are allowed to accumulate, In plain English it is a law by which the idle man is enabled to rob the industrious man. Then again, '? TtTefeimcy bo no law ^reieuUutj persons from accumulating ; it would be impossible to make such.1' Another obvious mis statement. There are lawg preventing per 'BOns-ffom accumulating^rom accumulat ing honestly that is ; and the law to which I have just referred is one of them. Workers of one kind and another had a right to accumulate the whole difference -between the pound a foot for which the land was originally bought and the £10 or £20 a foot for which it was subsequently sold and the law steps in and hands it over in a lump sum to the land owner, thus of course preventing the people whose labour creates the wealth from accumulating it. ~* « # '???'- 'It is a falsehood, an impudent and malicious falsehood for jmvene knowingly tojay that capitalists are taking the sub stance and leaving the shadow to workers.' The man who penned that waB at one time a Wesley an. Methodist parson. It was then an important part of his duty to visit tfm h™»M nf fel.» »»-l»^ «,H hy 'Wlr «r»» I mean, as he evidently means, the work ing class. Did he see spacious gardens and broad verandas round their dwellings ? Did he see well-furnished roomB and shelves with rows of books upon them? As meal times approached did he draw near to the worker's home or to that of the capitalist who was also a circuit steward? To put the mat ter briefly, did he, ever find in the dwellings of the capitalists as a class any lack of the reasonable comforts of life or did he find as a rule in the homes of the jporkert Jhe^pjrefeno^ of what he would personally (anaqmWjuttUy luu) have con sidered reasonable comfort? There is no room for doubt. The workers, as a Tjlass,' living almost up to the last penny of their incomes and often running into debt, can only just succeed in gathering around them the bare necessities of life. Meanwhile, be the seasons good or bad, the times pros perous or adverse, the capitalist with his hopes based on the firm rock of monopoly, is always housed well and fed well, he -faasieisure^and-heHms money, und^abave all things he enjoys the assurance that the future can only jmprove his pro 3d. M M To talk of the impossibility of making the deserts of all workers equal, as this leader-writer does, is of course apart from the question. Why even our com munUtic friends would hardly profess that the labour of one nunr wan actually an valuable as the labour of another, and any how the Labour Party as a political organisation lias nothing whatever to do with Communism, either in the abstract or in the concrete. Then comes the astounding assertion that our laws are made OypaF' Jtaments created ^upon — the principle of manhood suffrage.' All I can say is that *ltbough_lhave^ been now nearly nine months TnlhlTcountry and have lived in Brisbane all the time, having merely moved my home from one side of the river to the other, I have not the right of voting at the next election, that there are thousands of men who have toiled here for as many years and might toil on for as many years more without the right, whilst there are others again with more votes than they have fingers and thumbs. Surely that is not manhood suffrage. Finally we are calmly warned that ' the majority must rule, labour agitators notwithstand ing'— just as it the rule of the majority was not the first principle of Labour agitation, a principle; that the writer of that article has spoken and written against perhaps more persistently than any other man in Queensland; a principle, too, that we shall demand in vain until we have the courage to swamp the halls of Parliament with labour ' agitators.' E.B. Registbation courts in Victoria are henceforth to be held in the evening to enable workers to roll up and take the proper antidote to the Patriotic League purge. Gbipfith didn't realise, the havoc wrought by the deluge till he was kindly driven round South Brisbane by the mayor. After which to show his capacity as a statesman — he drove home to tea. ' An Old Farmer' writes from Gympie to point out how much taxation of land values would do for the small selectors, who are oddly enough its most bitter op ponents. He Bays that at present these people are generally in a state of dire dis tress, and' that whilst their profits are eaten up on the one hand by the cost of sending their produce to market, they are ''further reduced on the other hand by the increased price they have to pay owing to customs duties for almost everything they .import for consumption, and then he goes on to explain how land taxation, very little ] of which would come out of their pookets, would give them something approaching ffj^^^f^ to ^^n^*- *W|^*'^ 'bfiftflft '* ? 