Twisted Words. The English language is remarkable for the number of its words which have been completely changed in their significance since they first came into use. In some cases their meaning has been exactly reversed. A familar example of this is the word "let," which Shakespeare uses Beveral times with the meaning to hinder. " I'll make a ghost of him that lets me," Hamlet exclaims, mean- ing " him that stops me ;" and Viola saya in "Twelfth Night," " if nothing lets to make us happy both." The word is used in the same sense in the Bible, as in II Thessalonians, ii. 7-" He who now letteth will let, until he be taken out of tho way." However, the " let" which means to hinder has probably another etymology from the one which means to pennit; and in the Bible, and in Shake- speare's works as well, " let" is often used in the sense usual at the present day. "Ravel" and "unravel" mean exactly the same thing, though at one time to unravel probably meant to reduce confusion to order. Sometimes a comparatively short time suffices to Bet a word adrift from its original and true meaning, and to cause people to forget what its real signifianca is. This is illustrated in our word " tumbler" meaning a drinking glass which sits squarely down upon the table, without a "foot," as in the case of a goblet. What a " tumbler" really is may be inferred from an extraot from a gentle- man's diary, written in 1803-an extract; which, by the way, throws a powerful light upon the social customs of that day, as well as upon the origin of a familiar word. The entry in the diary is as follows : " Had a few friends to dinner. Tried my new tumbling glasses. Very succeesful ; all got drunk early." These tumbling-glasses, soon called tumblers " for short," were made with a round or pointed bottom, so that they could not be set down when tbey contained liquids without falling over and spilling. They were made as a sort of joke, and to conduce to rapid drinking. But soon the name was applied to a glass which had no " foot," but was cut off so squarely across the bottom that it stood firmly on the table, bo that it waa really less likely to " tumble" than an ordi- nary goblet. A generation sufficed to see the change wrought in.the use of this word, and the complete disappearance of the original significance. , 