Melbourne Jottings. [From the Kapunda Herald.] Cases of accidental poisoning are in Australia fast becoming most unlike angels' visits, inasmuch as they have been of late, I notice with regret, everything but few and far between. A couple of weeks ago a number of shearers became ill through having eaten a pudding which was impregnated with arsenic. This occurred on a station in New South Wales. The explanation of the affair which was given was no doubt the correct one, viz. that the pudding was cooked in a pot which had not been cleaned since the previous season—in short since it had contained a sheep wash of which arsenic was one of the ingredients. In this case there was an obvious want of cleanliness and care if we assume the facts, as stated to be true. From Brisbane now comes the news that another lot of shearers have been accidentally poisoned through using salt or bread (the accounts differ as to which) that was impregnated with strychinine. The name of the station is Terrick, and it is situated in the vicinity of Blackall. One man who had dined at the station some days before the others grew sick has died, and it is believed that his death was the result of the poison in question. From Gilgandra, N.S.W., comes intelligence of the sudden death of the eldest daughter of Mr James Markey, and the symptions point to arsenical poisoning. In short, scarcely a day passes, but an account of the death or sickness through poisoning of some individual or individuals, meets the eye. I am positively weary of reading of fatalities through doses of " Rough on Rats." Women and girls are particularly prone to consume this poison, sometimes intentionally oftener through accident. It gets mixed up with edible stuffs, generally through gross carelessness, and the unhappy victims kick out prior to eventual repose upon Abraham's bosom. I knew a young woman who consumed some deadly poison which got mixed up with a curative drug which she was taking. She had to be driven in a dying state about thirteen miles to see a doctor. The poor girl, as luck would have it, survived the ordeal, and ever afterwards she was careful with regard to what drugs she swallowed ; and she never in future put (as she had done in the instance in question) deadly compounds in the same drawer with salubrious drugs. The moral of all this is that people should be more careful in handling poisonous ingredients. If they are more careful in this respect, we should be spared half the number of deaths by misadventure which daily harrow us. A collection was made some months ago in Geelong and the surrounding district in aid of the Queensland flood sufferers. A sum of £77 8s 2d. out of the amount of the collection which had not been forwarded in time to the Brisbane committee, got locked up in one of the banks which closed for reconstruction. The money has been released from the octopus clutches of the bank ; but as the Queensland people do not want it now, it has been distributed amongst local Geelong charities, including Geelong Hospital, Ladies' Benevolent Association, &c.; These institutions have reason to bless the precipitate forethought of the bank, which has indirectly caused their present jubilation. It is an ill wind, &c.; Baby farming and the wholesale interment of babes in places other than church- yards appear to be carried out with much thoroughness in Melbourne. It seems to me to be becoming quite to the fashion to have a baby or two interred in one's back yard.—But the subject is, after all, too lamentable and too horrible for levity. It is a matter of profound congratulation that the baby farming system is undergoing a rigorious investigation and the disclosures which are being made daily will stimulate renewed exertions in the right direction. Until the system is stamped out or reduced to a minimum of evil no efforts should be spared on the part of the police or the superior authorities behind them to expose its evil workings. The New South Wales Government geologist has received from Chicago from Mr Caine, who has charge of the geological exhibits of the exhibition, samples of a new artificial substance which has received the name of carbonurdum, and the hardness of which approaches that of the diamond. If the substance be inexpensive the New South Wales Legislative Assembly should order a bulky consignment of it broken into lumps suitable for use as missiles in view of possible hostilities in the Legislative Chamber. Its admantine hardness would render it invaluable considering, the well-nigh impenetrable nature of many of the skulls with which it would be likely to come in contact. On the subject of medical advertising the Council of the New South Wales branch of the British Medical Association has declared that "true merit never was associated with self-laudation." This is all very fine to a certain degree ; but the interesting fact remains that " true merit" will find itself either walked on or pushed into the dark if it dosen't elbow its way to the front of the crowd and cry aloud respecting its excellence. It is the cunning human fox who advises a rival to hide his light under a bushel. The fact that alderman and ex-mayor Cranfield, of Young, recently entered the lion's den at Fitzgerald's circus is worthy of note. The worthy alderman is to be congratulated upon his pluck ; and the estimable lion deserves high praise for his thoughtful self-restraint in sparing the alderman, for the ex-mayor in question is, doubtless, like the typical alderman, fat and full-blooded, and therefore calculated to make the mouth of the average lion water. The Secretary for War declared that Aus- ralian frozen meat has been highly satis- actory as a ration for the army. This reminds me that Sir George Dibbs when in London remarked—so he says at any rate— to the Prince of Wales that the improved development in the figures of Englishwomen (an alleged fact which H.R.H. had remarked upon) was due to the circumstance that Australian meat was now extensively used in the old country. It is to be hoped that the British soldier will not grow too corpulent for active service under the benign influence of Australian mutton. The income tax proposals have fallen through in the Victorian Parliament. If it be a good principle of the economy of taxation that luxuries should be taxed, then most unquestionably the proposals ought not to have been defeated, considering the fact admitted on all sides that an income of any kind is at the present time a luxury enjoyed by only a favored minority of the Australian public. A correspondent signing with the initials "J O.B." suggests through the columns of the Sydney Morning Herald that members of Parliament ought to be paid " by results." Should "J.O.B.'s" suggestion be adopted, the majority of Parliamentarians would become as poor and as miserable as that JOB who lost everything except his sores, and who was advised to sit on a dunghill, curse God, and die. I do not, of course, refer to the "J.O.B." who writes to the Herald. The Murray has risen of late to an extent calculated to intimidate residents close to its banks. As the Murray runs under the baleful shadow of Customs red tapeism, it is no wonder that even this gentle stream should rise—in rebellion. The Victorian Railway Commissioners have just had manufactured papier mache card tables for use in railway carriages. The tables have already been brought into requisition on the Bendigo express. H.R.H. the Prince of Wales will, no doubt, arrange to pay the colony a visit as soon as the intelligence reaches him that every facility for card playing is afforded in Victorian railway trains. The questioning of "ironing" condemned criminals has been debated in the Victorian Legislative Council. A friend of mine suggests that the proper course to pursue would be to "mangle" them first and "iron" them afterwards. A man named Ryan fell the other day off an express train in full career near Broken Hill. He escaped almost unhurt. Evan must be hard to kill, or else the express must have "bucked" considerably when it threw him. A psychological society, for the discovery of spiritland and the investigation of ghosts, has been inagurated in Melbourne. It is to be hoped that "ardent" spirits will not be amongst these sought after by the society. As things trend now, spiritland and the south pole will be simultaneously discovered before long. 