NOBTH-EAST ESSEX. We found ourselves at St. Osyth's, or, as the inhabitants prefer to ieall it, * Toozay,' and stopped to bny the necessary tickets to * view the Priory.' These were to be had, at the modest sum of sixpence each, at the 'Bsd Lion,' where, as the guide, book i points out, there is ' a carved Uon couchant oyer the. swinging sign,* and a most dejected, dark redgentleman he is, evidently suffering from a (bad' attack of toothaohe, if one-may judge from the attitude of his forepaw and the severity of his countenance. We were soon waiting admission at the Priory gate, armed with a Lansaster camera, but the lady of the lodge seemed ' accustomed to suoh imprudence and pro4 hibited its further entranoe, so .we had to content ourselves with taking an outaidis view of the gateway, a very handsome late Norman structure of hewn stone and flint, according to the ever- present guidebook. Once inside, and haying duly admired the .house—an irregular-looking pile of buildings of various dates—we wandered through the aid-fashioned gardens to .the ohapel. This 'has been lately restored, and is used daily by the 4 sisters' and others living at the home of rest, established by the present owner of the Priory. At every turn one is greeted by rema ins of old work, some Tudore;que, ! some thirteenth century, same Norman, and some reputed to be Boman. We ascended the tower, and looked across to the sea, wondering, as one will wonder, how many before us bad watched that Bame sea, had looked, j:e:haps,for crating friend or foreign foe— for St. Osyth's has seen many troublous timeB from the day when its saintly founder was murdered by the invading Dane, till the time when it was plundered and ravaged by an 1 unruly mob of sohismatios' in the oivU wars of the seventeenth oentury. Oi course there are dungeons belonging to the building—gruesome, noisome ojlls stretching along underground to tlie beach below; but now happily blooked up. There i? also a ghoBt; and this is its history: 'Tbe Dines, under Inguar and Hubba, landing frcsn a crcek elose by, and hunting for prey ai:d plunder, found the Lady Osyth at the fountain and cut off her head. When the head first rolled from the shoulders at the e-rcke of the cruel Dane, she pioked it up tenderly with her hands and carried it to the church of Saint Peter and Siint Paul; but the door was shut, so she knootced at it with her blood- stained hinds, and then fell prostrate—dead.' And now, on each anniversary of her death-day, at the witohing hour of twelve, Saint Osyth walks again— head in hand. It would be interesting to meet some one who has seen her, and to learn if ghostB are able to speak In this curious and anomalous position. O or guide, however, cau'd not help us; she only knew that there was a general inclination to keep to the more frequented paths as night oame on, snd that there was on? old man who steadily refuse 1 to go through the old tower even in twilight. From the Priory we. went across to the churoh—being met at the door by the vergeress, who deeply lamented our being just too late for the harvest festival decorations, which decorations, according to her account muBt have been quite as well worth viBiting as the Priory itself. There were left, however, traces of an aroh of greenery, orna. mented by small colored candles of the Christmas-tree type; also a wonderfnl banner adorned with borns of plenty—in gold paper—and a soythe—in silver ditto— and so we were atle to console ourselves with the thought that possibly the other and ordinary attractions of the church might prove even more satisfactory. Oar first impression of the interior was, however, decidedly depressing—vide, a wide nave filled on either side with very light, colored, old-fashioned, high; backed pews, deoorated here and thereby wh&t; at first sight looked to be milliners' blocks, but whioh, on further enquiry, turned out to be stands for the necessary evening oillamps Bound each pillar is an ordinary hatrack, affording every accommodation for high hats, low hats, overooats, and possibly umbrellas; we noticed further two old fashioned square pewa, one—an heirloom of the D'Atop family—roofed in so as to prefent the idea of ah aneiinti dismembered coach. : The most Btriking feature of the churoh is the altar rail, formed somewhat in the shape of a horseshoe—"an exaot copy of tbe shape of the old oak rail, not so very long taken away. On either side of the altar is a massive sculptured monument representing a former owner of the Priory, and all around the ohancel is pain tod—oh, that one shonldlive to tell it!—a short edition, about three feet high, of the favorite red velvet dramatio ..curtain oh an equally imaginary brass Tod. Sime fine modern stained glass has,^howover, been added to the chanoel, and the stcbseologist will be interested in a low. side window, a ' squint,' and other telios of anoicntdate. One might, indeed, tpsnd hours most pleasantly and profitably ~in the preoinots of St. Ojyth's; the village itself has a thoroughly old-world air about it, as though the influence of bygone ages were still breathed out from the Priory walls, and rash and bold would he be who ventured the latest improvements in things, mundane or spiritual, under shadow of those two ancient landmarks, the Churoh of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, and the Priory of St. Osyth. Indeed, we fanoy, it might not have been so very long ago sinee the good people, before going to bed, ' did rake up the fire, make a cross in the ashes, and pray to God land Saint Osyth to deliver them from fire end water, and ali misadventure.' And so we turned homewards, in the evening light, amid the white mist rising from the rush- lined marshes, pondering on the dayB of .old so pioture^qnely present with us, and convinced that in the fiats of North-east Essex may be found beauty, interest, and pleasure.—All the Tear Bound. 