MUORE ABOUT CHOSTS. A ITAUNTED HOUSE EXPERT. " Then you don't believe in ghosts, Mr' Brooke ?" " Certainly not; but I do believe there are people who see them-in imagination." . Such was the question put by a representa tive of the "Pall Mall." and the answer re ceived from'Mr W. F. Brooke, of Maskelyne and (ooke's, who the other day issuned a cir onler otferiug to visit "bauuted houses" sud lay the most t'rnublesnome "spook." ar Brooke complains somewhat of the 'rvchical''Reseatahb Society, and thinks that if ,morer activity was shown :many houses. tllat have been empty iforyers, beoanoe they have the reputation ot being'haunted, might be let. Hle has great faith in individual work in this line, and is convinced that if someone would set himself no as a"' specialist," and offer to take up his quairters in the "'dread being's own abode " for a little tinio,hbe might easily find out the real ,cause.of"-tho disturbance, and thus do away,with the Billy, notions that soon spread about and gvhe'ia house a'bad naime. Ti; a A cvh arunE OF TIE STOWAWAY: =:" What wvas your first ohievoement? " A:' Oh,:a very simple affair.. I was on board a;ship in Newcastle, Australia, and we had 'taken a cargo of coals for 'New Zealand, but on the dayprevious to the sail ing every man on baard deserted on account of the strange noises that were heard in the ship's hold, and, in fact, all over the vessel. I heard' the noises myself, and at first was under the impression 'that some stow away was ii distress. I found out this was not the case, so (having an idea) I commenced imitating various animals, and was soon de lighted to hear myself answered. I proceeded cauti'usly in the direction of the sound, but slipped, and rolling down the heap of coals, foil into the arms of the poor little pig we had lost three weeks before, and which had grown enormously fat during his incarceration, existing solely upon coal!" TIIE OAT AND TIIE SAT. "I suppose that in many cases animals are the cause of those strange noises.?" " Oh, yes: I have had many instances of the kind. One time I was sent for to calm the fears of two maiden ladies who had been frightened for several nights by unearthly noises and rappinea that had, they assured me, 'come out of the earth.' I found that the sounds proceeded from the efforts of neat to extricate its head from a lobster-tin under the floors. In another case I was quietly sitting in a haunted house, with a dim glimmer of light, a piece of cheese near a suspicions-loCking hole, and my trusty No. 2 shot in a little barrel, when I saw two glhstening eyes, and I 'let go.' I drew forth a beautiful specimen of an ordinary rat, with a wooden ball tied r.mund his neck; no more rapping was heard there. The wood, I presume, had been tied round the poor brute as an old dodge to scare away its companions, and in its journeyings it tapped against the laths and floors." FOOTPRINTS ON TIE SANDS. "What are your meo:hods of uuearthing ' ghosts ' " "They are very simple. I have very acnute hearing, and can generally locate a sound directly I bear it, but if I fail to discover in which direction it comes from directly, I make a minute examination of the doors and windows and floors. If I suspect that it is caused by an animal or by some practical joker who is in the house, I scatter a little powder or send around all the entrances, sit down quietly and await the appearance of the apparition of the sound of the creature. If it appears (it never does though!) and goes off again I examine the owder round the doors for footmarks or paw-treads. I understand thoroughly thje construction of a house, and, consequently, can often detect flaws in the building that would not be noticed oxceptbyapraotical man. Strange noises are caused by a variety of things; clothes baskets that have con tained wet clothes are hung up in a warm room after washing days. They will emit neculiar sounds to the nervous. Loose boards under the carpets will set many people won dering, a beetle underneath a wallpaper, too, will make a strange scratching sound. It is not a sufficiently known fact that imagina tion is the only intellectual faculty which exercises a direct influence on the bodily organs, those organs being too organs of sense. It acts by producing in them, or in parts of the brain with which they communicate, the same state which is usually brought about by external objects actually present to them. The eye is most liable to be affected by these false impressions, which occur in many different states of system. I know a man who sees phantoms very often. 1 have been in his company when he sees them-he has had two or three attacks of ' D.T.'" A " WOMIAN'S PITEOUS MIDNIGHT SHRIIES " Needless to say, Mr Brooke, you have always discovered the nature and where abouts of the ' spirit' 1 " " Yes. I have never been beaten, but I have had several tough customers to deal with. One house that 1 visited bore a very bad name. Unearthly shrieks as of a woman while being ill treated had been heard by the neigh bors, as well as by the late occupants. I stayed in the house by myself one evening, but failed to hear anything out of the com mon, until the lady, a few minutes before twelve, gave me a taste of her quality. I heard her as I was sitting in the kitchen, and then in the room above; I went into the garden-she was there; I went into the street-she was there. I know she was there, because I heard her. I examined the house thoroughly, but with out success, until my efforts were rewarded after about a couple of hours' searching, and I traced her voice to the roof. I went for it with a ladder, and broughtit down under my arm; the chimney-pot cowl was rusty, knocked out of shape by the sweep's brush, and the wind caused these unmusical sounds." A MYSTERTIOUS FOOTSTEP--WANTTED, GHOSTS. "By no means a pleasant job, clambering over the roof of an emptyhousc'" "I've had worse. I managed to unearth thecause of the footsteps that were always heard during rainy weather in a large house in High street, I)oDeptford, some time since. After swarming abouttho outside in the wind and wet, I discovered that- the gntter was stoppedup, and the water flowed over on to a leaden flat and caused the tapping. Faces were never seen at the windows while I stayed there, and two pots of "four 'arf" in formed methat "the blokes wet lived in one of the kerrevans on the fair ground behind need to go in the house when it was empty to "doSs.' ' Mir Brooke got into trouble a few years ago by his rather practical eluoidation of the Greenwioh Mystery. He is a practical man; a disavower of spirituahlam and theosophy, and he scoris "astral bodies." If anyone has a real ghost for sale, he would be pleased to buy it; or if a haunted house can be pointed out to him, he will be very happy to track "spook" to its parading grournd. 