A Ghost Machine!' Mr Stead is having a spirit-writing mac hino invented for him. . The invention •works upon the' spirit-rapping, and table turning principle, being a magnetised dial plate communicating by wires with a now form of type writer. Tho 4 medium' places Iiis hand upon tho dial, and the * spirit' in fluences him to spell out a message on tho type-writer. AVo rather imagine anyono will be able to spell out messages quite as well as the medium. Often having he rd about spirits rapping, suu|. Bpurfts playing upon pianos, wo would like to know what prevents tho spirits rapping or playing direct upon the type-writer, and so delivering a printed mossago from between tho rollers. Tho Catholic Church holds that tho so-called ; Spiritualism' is either deviltry or fraud, and it is a pity to seo men like Mr Stead al lowing themselves to be. deceived. Fr m the description in tho papers, tho now mac hine does not seem to be nearly so mys terious as tho onco very celebrated 4 plan chette.' Planclictte is a heart shaped piece ofhard wood, supported at the base upon two delicately sob wheels, while a sharp pointed pencil is passed through tho apex. On placing it over a smooth piece of paper and pressing the hand gently ttown upon it, it commences to'travel with a jerky motion which causes tho pencil to mark characters looking like any very bad writing, and cap able of being interpreted accordingly. This motion was supposed by enthusiasts to bo duo to 'spirits'of the thinner kind, but it is really caused by the natural trcmoulsness of tho many muscles in tho fingers and hand, together with tho blood-thrust of the pulsa ting vessels, whose powers can bo easily folt by tying a string tightly around tho finger. The Abbe Hue, in his delightful 4 Travels in China, Tartary, and Thibot,' tells us of Pudd hisb priests who had praying machines, which worked on tho hand-mill and wind-mill principles. Sailors tells us weird stories of * spooks calling spirits from the vasty deep in the middle watch,' but hero are machines by v hicll anvono enn 4 nnnnk' nf will — Catholic Times. 