THE CUP RACE. A GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION. BY A "HERALD" ONLOOKER. The race was won in tho last quarter of a mile. "AH round tbo course the winner of tbo Derby with Mr Wlltou's whito and cardinal ou bis hack had Iweu holding a leading position, and scctncd for u long time, to be wrestling for the victory with Light Artillery, Fort Admiral and Oxide. As for TarcooU, nobody could spy liirn out amongst the ruck. As the horus sprang from the starling mark Light Artillery's jockey's cream and blue aleerca were conspicuous la front. The other hones already mentioned were grouped arouod him, but for the rest tho clouds of dust raised by ttio hoafs of the leaders enveloped tho field ia a veil all the way up the straight. For the first time round the ordor of Light Artillery, Giruago aud Fori Admiral was main tained, with tho obstreperous S.Alor Friuco, who bad given a great deal of iroublo beforo tie was got to the poit, holding a good placo in the general hunch of hortc that swept past the grand ataud On the first time round the blue, jacket of the rider of Oxide wa« prominent wot k< ing the animal through the crush, but Tarcoola was somewhere away at the bick, tbe gold-spotted blue jacke or IiU rider being fist noticeable amongst a lot of appirently liopoleu horses bringiug up the rear. The character of tho race did not alter much round by the back sheds. hut the cards wero re- shullled on the way to tho bridue, and following tho group cloiely with the giants, ohficoutn disttneutshCamooIa making forward behind Carnage, Norman and Oxide, and Light Artillery, who had now lost the lead. "Ctraagc wins" was now tlio cry all over the Staud as the horses turned the comer nnd entered tho straight for the final dash for the winning pelt. The scene was now exciting enough. AH the horses wero bunched together, with tho exception of two itrngglcri, who had given up the ghost and were limping up bohiud tit ruek at their case. It was now seen that Sir Lewis' brown horse, with Cripps up, was making a change in tho look of ttlTaiw ; Cripps had bceu riding him cxrc- fully snil reserving hint fur the final effort when in tho last few fnrlougahe laid on the whip, and shot past Tim Swivoller, Fort Ad miral, C.uitooU aud Oxide. The nest few accondi were full of ex citement. Nearer and nearer to the frout forged the dark blue and gold spots, crccpimt up behind tbo white of Carnage, am), melt by inch, passing the chestnut that had aaemed up to now ns if it must be for the lecuitd timo thu victor iu a great race. Meauwlulo another horse, that had been in tbo rear all round tbo course, was pushlmr forward from tho midct of thu second batch. This was Jowellcr, con spicuous by reason of the crimson of ht jockey, nnd ho rapidly passad thu horses behind whom be had labored up the straight, aud nt about tho same time that Tarcoola left Carnage iu tlu rear, Mr Eirmtiaw's brawn horse shot ahead nf Loyalty. Tue final few yards lett tho issue of the ooutosr ia uo doubt what ever. TareooU'e jockey gave a look round at tlio winning post, and found Carnage a good halMcngih behind him, while within u short distance of the Derby winner was Jeweller, with Loyally fourth iu tho race. 