ALL ALONG THE RIVER. By MISS M. E. BRADDON. t'TTAPTFR YVT.—fPnn tinned.) This, was not small talk. This meant something very serious. He had called her Allcgra, and sfie had not reproved him ; he had taken her hand, and she had not with drawn it. In tlie next instant, she knew not how. his arm was round her waist, and her nviiu, »cu\y IMC iuug ufi) a «» anxieties, was resting contentedly on his shoulder, while his lips set their first kiss, tenderly, reverently almost, on her fair, broad brow. "Allcgra, this means yes, does it not? Our lives have flowed on together so peace fully, so happily, since last October. They are to mingle aud flow on together to the great sea, are they not, love — the sea of death I and eternity?" " Do you really care for me V 1 " Do I really adore you ? Yes? dear love. With all my. power of adoration.'' "But you must have cared for other girls before now. I can't believe that I am the first." "Believe, at least, that you will be the last, as you are the only woman I ever asked to be niv wife." " Is tfiat really, really true ?" " It is true as the needle to the north." " Vet they say that sailors " " Are. generatly tolerable dancers, and popular in a ballroom, especially when they are the givers of the ball — that they can talk to nretty women without feeling abashed — and that they contrive to get through a good deal of flirting without singeing their wings. I have waltzed with a good many nice girls in my time, Allegra, and I have sat out a good many waltzes. 1'et I am here at your side, honestly and devotedly your own ;and I have never loved any other woman with , the love I feel for you. No oilier woman has . ever held my wfioie heart; no, not for a single hour." " You make nice distinctions," said Allc gra, gently disengaging herself from his arm, and lookiug at him with a faint shy smile, very doubtful, yet very anxious to believe. I am dreadfully afraid that all this fine talk means nothing more than you would say to Will Ml jl VJ M I jllUVUUIS, 11 JUU ilrtjjpciltu IU UC sitting out a waltz." "Should I ask any of my partners to be my wife, do von think ? " " Oil, you can withdraw that to-inorrow— forget and ignore it. We may botli consider it only a kind of under-the-inistletoe declara tion. meaning no more than a mistletoe kiss. I believe when English people were domest ic and kept Christmas, the head of tlie family would have kissed his cook if he had met her under the mistletoe." " Allegra, is it not cruel of you to be jocose when I am so tremendously serious?" "What if I don't believe in your serious ness ? " " Is this only a polite way of refusing me ?" he asked, beginning to be ot'l'ended, not under standing that this nonsense-talk was a hasty defence against overpowering emotion, that she was not sure of him, and was desperately afraid of betraying herself. " Am I to under stand that you don't, care a straw for me ? " "No, no, no," she cried, eagerly, "as a friend I like you better than anyone else in tlie world, only I don't want to give you more than friendship till 1 can dare to believe in your love." " Prove it, Allegra," iic cried, clasping her waist again before siie was aware. " Put me to any test or- any trial — impose any duty upon me— only tell me that if 1" come through tlie ordeal you will be niv wife." "You are not- in a great hurry to fetter yourself, I hope," she said. " I am in a hurry — 1 long for those sweet- fetters by which your love will hold ine. I want to be anchored by my happiness." " Give me a year of freedom, a year for art- and earnest work in Italy, a year for Martin and Isola, who both want ine, and if this night year you are still of the same mind, I will be your wife. I will not engage you. You may be as free as air to ehange your mind and love someone else ; but I will promise to be true to you and to this talk of ours till tho year's end — one year from to-night." " I accept your sentence, though it is severe : but I don't accept my freedom. I am your slave for a year. I shall be vonr slave when the year is out. I am yours," and yours alone for life. And now give me that cup of tea, Allegra, which you have not poured out yet, and let us fancy ourselves Dat by and Joan." "Darby and Joan," echoed Allegra, as she filled his cup. "Must we he like that, old and prosy, sitting iiv the fire, while life goes by us outside. It seems sad that there should be no alternative between old age and untimely death." "It is sad : bat tlie world is made so. And then Providence steeps elderlv people in a happy hallucination. They generally forget that they are old: or at" least they forget that they ever were young, and thev find young people so iiieti'ably silly that youth in itself seems despicable. But we have a long life to the good, dear love, before the coming of grey hairs aud elderly preju dices." And then he began to talk of wavs and means, as if they were going to be inarriod next week. " We shall have enough for bread and cheese, love," he said. " I am better oil than a good many younger sons : for a certain old grandmother in our family married with a settlement which provided" for tlie younger branches. It is quite possible that- Lost- withiel may never marry— indeed, lie seems to me very decided against matrimony, and in that case those who come after us must iuhcrit title and estate iu days to come." " Pray don't talk so," cried Allegra, horri fied. "It sounds as if you were speculating upon your brother's death." " On Lostwithiel's death. Not for worlds. God bless him, wherever he may be. You don't know how fond we two fellows are of each other. Only when a man is going to be married it behoves him to think seriously. I shall have to talk to tlie Colonel, remember ; aud he will expect me to be explicit aud busi nesslike." " I hope you don't think Martin is merce nary," said Allegra. " There never was a man who set less value on inonev. It wouldn't make any difference to him if you had not a penny. And a3 for me, I have a little income from my mother— more than enough to buy frocks arid tilings— and beyond that I c:ui earn my own living." So vou really needn't trouble yourself about me.5' There was a touching simplicity in her speech, mingled with a slight ilavor of auda city, as of an emancipated young woman, which amused her lover, reminding hint of a heroine of Merger's, or de Musset's, a brave little grisette, who was willing to work hard for the menage a deux, and who wanted nothing from her lover but love. He looked into the bright, frank face, radiant in tiie file-glow, and he told himself that this was ust the one woman for whom his heart had kept itself empty, like a temple waiting un its God, in ail tiie years of his manhood. And now tlie temple doors had opened wide, the gates had been lifted up, and tlie god dess had marched to her place, triumphant aud all-conquering. The clock on the mantelpiece struck 6, and the old eight-day clock in tiie hall followed like a solemn eclio. Captain Hulbert started- up. "So late! Why, we have been talking for nearly two hours 1 '' he exclaimed, " and I I have a budget of letters to write for the j night mail. Good-bye, darling — or I'll say j au revoir, for I thin!; I'll walk down agaiii ; after dinner, and get half-an-hottr's chat with : Disney, if you don't think it will be too late : for me to see him." j " You know lie is always pleased to see you— we are not very early people— aud this is Christmas Eve. We were to sit round the fire and tell ghost stories, don't you re- j member?"- | " Of course we were. I shall be here soon after 9, aud I shall think over all tiie grizzly legends I ever heard, as I come down the hill. Ho went reluctantly, leaving her standing by the fire, a contemplative figure with downcast eyes. At a little later stage in their engagement no doubt she wonld have gone with him to the door, or even out to the garden gate, for a lingering parting under the stars— but there was a shyness about i them both in this sweet dim "beginning of , their union, when it was so strange to each ; to have any claim upon tho other. j " llow lightly she took the whole busi- ' ness," Captain Hulbert said to himself as he went tip the hill. " Yet her voice trembled now and then— and her hand was deadly cold when first I clasped it. I think she loves me. A vear,"— snapping his fingers gailv at the stars—" what is a year? A year of bliss if it be mostly spent with her. Besides, year long engagements are apt to dwindle. I have ' known such engagements— entered on i solemnly, like ours to-night— shrink to six ! months or less. Why should one linger on I the threshold of a new life if one knows it is going to be completely happy?" Tiie happy lover bad not been gone five minutes when Isola came creeping into tlie room and nut her arm round Allegra 's neck , and kissed her Unshed cheek. " Why, Isa, where have you been hiding ! all this evening?" 1 " I had fallen asleep in my room, just half . an hour before tea, and tvhon I awoke it was 5 o clock, and Lutteiieit told nie vou and Captain Hulbert were in the drawi'ngroom. And as I know you two have alwavs so much to talk about, I thought I wouldn't disturb you. So I let LGttclien make tea for mo iu tlie nursery, and I stayed there to plav -with baby. And here you" aro all aloue in tlie dark. "Oh, we had the firelight— Parker forgot to bring the iamp.'' " And you forgot to ring for it," said Isola, going over to the bow window and drawing back a curtain. " What a lovely sky. Who would think it was Christmas time?" " Will you put on your lint nnd jacket and come for a stroll in tlie garden, Isa?" asked Allcgra. "It is a mild, . dry -night, and I don't think the air ean hurt yon." " Hurt me ! Jt will do mo all the good in the world. Yes, 1 shall be ready in a moment." They went out into the hall, where Allegra packed her sister-in-law carefully in a warm, fitr-hordered jacket, and flung a tartan shawl round her own shoulders. Then they went out into the garden, and to the lawn by tho river. The moon was shining on the running water, brightly, coldly clear, while the meadows on tlie opposite hank were wrapped iu faint, white mists, which made all the landscape seem , unreal. i " Are you not too tired for walking here after your long day, Allegra," Isola asked, when they liatl gone up and down the path two or three times. "Tired, no. I could walk to Tyward- ! reath, I could walk to the Mausoleum. Shall j we go there? The sea must be lovely under j that moon." i "My dearest", it is nearly seven o'clock, : and you have been tramping about all day. . If you are not very tired, you must be very much excited, Allegra. I am longing to hear what it all means." " Are you really, now? Do you care about it, Isola? Can you, who are firmly anchored in the haven of marriage, feel any senti mental interest in other people, tossing about oil the sea of courtship 1 Martin is to be told everthing to-night — so vou may as well know all about it now. You like Cap tain Hulbert, don't you, Isola ?" " I do, indeed. 1 like him and believe in him." "Thank heaven, I should have been miserable if you had doubted or disliked him. He is to be my husband some day, Isa, if Martin approve — but not for a year, at least. Tell me, dear, are vou glad ?" " Yes, 1 am very glad. God bless you, Allegra, and make your life happy— and free — from — care." She broke down with those last faltered words, and Allegra discovered that she was crying. "My dearest Isa, don't cry. I shall think you are sorry— that you "think him un worthy." " No, no,no. It is not that. Ho is worthy. He is nil that T eonlrl rlesire in tlie mnn wfin is to be your husband. No; I was only thinking how completely happy you and he must be — how. cloudless your Jite promises to he. God keep you, and guard you, dear I And may you never know the pain of parting with the husband you love — with your pro tector and friend — as I have known it." 14 Yes, love; but that is all past aud done with. There are to be no more farewells for you and Martin." 44 No, it is past, thank God. Yet one cannot forget. I am very glad Captain Hulbert lias left the navy — that his profession cannot call him away from you." "No, he is an idle man. I daresay the time will come when I shall be plagued" witlx him, and be almost obliged to suggest that he should keep racehorses or go ou the Stock Exchange to occupy his time. I have heard women say that it isterrible to have a stay- at-home husband. Yet' Martin is never ue trop — but then Martin can bury himself in a book. He has no fidgety ways." " Howlightly you talk, Allegra." tc Perhaps that is because my heart is heavy— heavy, not with grief and care, but with the burden of perplexity and surprise, with the fear that comes of a great joy." 44 You do love him, then?" said Isola, earnestly. 14 You are glad." 41 1 am very glad. I am, glad with all my heart." "God bless you, dearest. I rejoice in your happiness." They kissed again, this time with tears on both sides : for Allegra was now quite over come, and sobbed out her emotion upon her sister's neck, they two standing clasped in each other's arms beside the river. 44 When I am dead, Allegra, remember always that I loved you, and that I rejoiced in your happiness as if it were my own." 4 When you are dead ! How dare you talk like that, when we arc taking you away to get well and strong, and to live ever so many years beyond your golden wedding? Was there ever such ingratitude Tlie odor of tobacco stole on the evening air, and they heard Martin's firm tread ap proaching along the gravel path. Kola put her arm through his, while Allegra ran into t he house, and husband and f wife walked up and down two or three times in the darkness, she telling him all about the wonderful thing that had happened. 44 Yon are glad, are you not, Martin? As glad as I am." 44 Are von so very glad ? " 44 Yes, for 1 know that Allegra loves him, has loved him for a long time." 44 Meaning six weeks . or so — allowing a fortnight for tlie process of falling in love. Is that what ycu call a long time, Isola?" 44 \\\ eeks arc long sometimes," she an swered, slowly, as it her thoughts had wan dered in another channel. 44 W ell, if Allegra is pleased, I suppose I ought to be content-." said Disuev. 44 Hul bert seems a fine, frank fellow, and I have never heard anything to his discredit. He was popular m the navy, and was considered a man of marked ability. I daresay people will call him a good match for Allegra, so long as Lostwithiel remains a bachelor." 44 No one can be too guod for Allegra, and only the best of men can be good enough. If f had /my own way I should have liked her to remain always unmarribd, and to care for nothing but her noptaw and you. I should have liked to think of her as always with you." The triangular dinner party was gayer that evening than it had been for a long time. Isola was in very high spirits, and lxer hus band was delighted at tlie change from that growing apathy which had frightened him. The ladies had scarcely left the table when Captain Hulbert arrived, aud was ushered into the diningroom, where Martin Disney was smoking his afternoon pipe in the chimney corner — the old chimney corner of that original Angler's Xest, which had been a humble homestead 200 years ago. The two men shook hand3, and then John Hulbert seated himself on the opposite side of the hearth, and they began to talk earnestly of tlie future, Martin Disney speaking with fund affection of the sister who had been to him almost as a daughter. 44 Her mother was tlie sweetest and truest of women," he said, 44 and her father had one of tlie most refined and delicate natures I ever met with in a man. I do not know that he was altogether fitted for the Church. He was wanting in energy and decision, or force of character ; but he was a firm believer, pure-minded, and disinterested, and he was au artist to the Rips of his fingers. It is from him Allegra inherits her love of art; only while he was content to trifle with art she has worked with all tiie wwer of her strong, resolute temperament. .She inherits that from her mother's line, which was a race of workers, men with whom achieve ment was a necessity of existence — men who fought, and men who thought — sword and gown." Disney smiled at tho stern condition of a year's probation which Allegra had imposed upon her lover. "Such sentences are very often remitted," he said. 44 1 own to having some hope of mercy," replied Cantain Hulbert. 44 People have aa idea that May marriages aro unlucky : but it seems to mo that June is a capital month for a yachtsman's honeymoon: and if I can persuade my dearest to remit half my period of probation and fix the 1st of June for our wedding, I should he just half a year hap pier than I am now." 44 Have you any notion vet what kind of life you are to lead after your marriage. I hope it. will not be a roving life. Isola and I would like to have our sister near us." 44 And Allegra audi would like to study your liking," laughed Hulbert. 4 We may wander a little ou summer seas, but we will have our fixed abode, and it shall be near vou. So long as Lostwithiel is a bachelor we can make our home :vt t he Mount : but fond as I am of that dear old place. I should be glad to see my brother married. There is something amiss in his present mode of life ; and I have but too strong reason to fear that- he is not a happy man." j 44 Have you any idea of the cause of his tin- 1 happiness?'"' 14 Only speculative ideas— mere theories that may be without foundation in fact. I fancy that he lias burnt tiie lamp of life a little too furiously, and that the light has grown dim iu the socket. The after-taste of a fiery youth is the taste of dust, and ashe.-y There may be memories, too — memories of some past folly— which are vivid enwu_T. to poison the preseut. I know that he :s un happy. I have tried to find out the cau-c, ami it all ends in this — an obstinate reserve on his part, and mere tlieorisinz on mine." 44 1 have heard that ho lived in a bad set after lie left the University?" 44 A bad set — yes, that is it. A man who begins life in a certain circle is like a work man who pets his arm or his leg caught un awares in a machine worked by steam power. In an instant he is entangled pist rescue. He is gone. He has taken :h- wrong road. Ten years afterwards, per- bans, when lie is bald and wrinkled, lie may pull himself up on the downward track and try to get rid of a bad reputation and make a fresh start, but tho-e fresh start? iv.rely end in a winning race. I am very sorry for my brother. He is a warm-hearted feilow, with a good deal of talent, ami he ought not to have made a bad thing or his iife." 44 Let us hope thai he may have pulled up in time, and that he may get a young wile before he is many years older. I have no de sire that my sister's son should be a peer. I only want to see her hanpy with a husband who shall be worthy of her." (To be continued.) 