THE MYSTERY OF KARINA DONIMIRSKA. Chapter I. The first time that any one in Florence heard or saw the name of Donimirska was one afternoon in February, 1878, at the house of Mme. de Montrieu. A letter and card were handed Madame by a punctilious footman who awaited orders like a wax figure. Madame was in her salon surrounded by a few intimes—some fascinating ladies and as many gentlemen to be fascinated. After glancing at the card Madame tossed it to her cousin, Lucille de Fayette, with the observation, en passant, " Pretty name, n'est ce pas ?" Then she opened the letter, which was from a distant and distinguished acquaintance in Mos- cow. It was a polite letter of introduction presenting the sisters Katherine and Karina Donimirska, " both musicians of the rarest attainments, Mlle. Katherine being as fine a pianist as her sister is a singer. The writer recommends them to Madame's considerate attention and presents his cordial saluta- tions," etc. " A pair of prodigies—how charming !'" exclaimed Madame de Montrieu, after reading the note aloud. " A veritable novelty for my reception next week. Who brought the letter ?" she asked the footman, who was still waiting. " A young lady. She is in the reception- room." " Oh—she calls at once," observed Madame. " Quite unconventional, but excusable, I sup- pose, with artists. Show her to the salon." The servant withdrew and his return was awaited with some curiosity. After a few minutes " Mlle. Donimirska" was announced, the portiere was drawn aside and a young girl entered alone and rather timidly. She had left her hat and mantle in the ante- room, which proceeding was as quaintly unconventional as the call itself. If she had done this for effect it was certainly well planned, for her appearance as she stood before the light and bright silk draperies at the door was surprising—in fact, startling. Her gown was black, her hair was black and her eyes were black. In contrast to this, the flesh of her face and hands was white and fine as a lily. She wore her heavy hair with- out curl or wave, parted in the middle and drawn loosely over the brow back to the nape of the neck, where it was held in a Grecian coil. Her gown was of satin and fitted to perfection, but was absolutely devoid of trimming. Mlle. Donimirska advanced towards the hostess, who arose and greeted her in French, which language the girl spoke fluently. " Artists are always most welcome in our salon," Madame averred with much gracious- ness. After her visitor was seated, and they had exchanged a few general and courteous re- marks the conversation became more personal. " Will you appear in Florence pro- fessionally ?" " Yes, Madame, that is the object of our visit to Italy. My sister is still singing in Russia, but I come on in advance to prepare the way, as it were, for her coming." These words were spoken, with a pleasant smile and an air of confidence. " Then I infer we see before us the pianiste," suggested M. de Fayette ("Lucille's husband," as he was generally designated in the salon). " Yes, Monsieur," she replied, without any further comment. " Will your sister soon follow you ?" enquired Madame, who had quickly seized on to the plan of having this pair of prodigies at her reception. " Oh, yes. I expect her in a few days." " If she in any way resembles her sister, we shall be very happy to make her wel- come," asserted the hostess cordially. Mlle. Donimirska smiled amusedly on hearing this, and then explained " In that case Karina's welcome is assured, for we resemble each other very much. My sister and I are twins, you know." " Oh, indeed, how interesting !" they all exclaimed. Mme. de Montrieu was delighted. " Yes dear child ; and to think you are both so gifted, how charming it must be to see and hear you together." " Well, I don't know about that. Karina does sing wonderfully, but I only play." " But how does Mlle. Katherine play ? May we not have an opportunity of judging ?" again suggested M. de Fayette. " Certainly, if you wish it. What shall I play ?" was the prompt reply, and she im- mediately went to the piano. " Do you know the Rhapsody ?" asked one complacent dowager in languid, aristocratic tones. " Yes, Madame. I know several ; which one do you wish ?" " Oh, of course I mean Liszt's. My daughter plays it," she answered with a self-satisfied manner. " But Liszt has composed fifteen rhap- sodies." As the Dowager seemed unable to make her request more definite, Mme. de Fayette spoke up. " Oh, do give us Greig's spring song. It is such a favorite of mine, although, of course, it is only a trifle. I heard Plante at his last concert fairly fling it from his fingers like a feather." This last sentence was addressed more to the room than the pianist, and conveyed the impression that Mme. de Fayette knew exactly how the piece should be rendered But they soon forgot Plante and everything else. Mlle. Donimirska's playing was so beautiful that her listeners were carried away. She seemed to be describing rather than performing this idyllic song of spring. Faint and far away as an evening zephyr are the first tones which glide from the right hand. They tremble and vibrate like fluttering leaves—a movement which continues throughout the first part, while constantly weaving in the most weird and fantastic harmonies. But this is only an accompani- ment to the tender, bell-like melody which the left hand carries. While by no means slow in tempo, there is yet something languorous and amorous about this melody, and it is borne upon the accompaniment like the perfume of flowers upon the breeze. The second part is more sombre —a rift of clouds across the moon, a touch of chillness to the atmosphere. But it is soon over, and the mellow brightness again bursts forth more glorious than before. The melody is now uppermost, and is light and fanciful as gossamer. The breeze has subsided, there is only a shadowy accompaniment in the left hand and everything seems white and still. The whole piece is ethereal as a vision. Scarcely had the last tone-wave subsided when a short, thick-set, square- faced, finely- dressed man appeared at the portiere. " Ah ! It is a lady ! Bravo ! Bravo ! I always applaud the ladies." This was said with a smile which was supposed to be gallant. " Bon jour, mesdames and ma chere hostess." He kissed Mme. de Montrieu's jewelled fingers, and all things indicated that he was a familiar guest of this salon. Every one greeted him smilingly. " We hardly dared hope to see Count d'Omar to-day, but you see, blessed are they who expect nothing !" exclaimed his hostess brightly. " But what is this I hear on entering— classical music instead of the latest gossip ! Quite an innovation, to be sure." " Oh, yes—allow me to present you to to Mlle. Donimirskc." Mlle. Donimirska bowed from her place at the piano. A strange pallor had crossed her face when the Count entered, and there came to her face a look of defiance. M. de Fayette observed this and thought it was caused by the Count's first flippant remark, which so glaringly revealed his lack of musical appreciation. " Always happy to meet a musician," af- firmed the Count as he acknowledged the in- troduction. " Can't you give us something else, Mademoiselle, something gay and lively —a good, rousing valse ? Do you play any dance music ?" " Oh, yes. Monsieur ; I can give you a dance," and before there was time for another remark or question she turned to the instrument and played a prelude of twelve weird and solemn notes like the strokes of a bell. Then she leaned forward with more tension and began to jerk and snatch from the piano a rugged, rattling valse theme, angular and spasmodic in character. " La diable ! What do you call that piece ?" asked the Count, in an aside, of Mme. de Fayette. " Your exclamation is apropos," was the ready response. " It is the ' Dance of Death' by Saint Saens." The Count mentally decided never to start that girl on another valse. As a musical description of midnight, ghostly revelry this " DanceMacabre" has probably never been surpassed. It presents a vision of skeletons, demons and ghosts capering around open graves. The skeleton theme is always grinning and chattering, but the ghost dance is gruesome and stealthy, but never slow, they are all too hurried—the time is short from 12 to 1. And then you hear them shriek and scream, and they chase each other around the damp churchyard. Katherine's fingers themselves seemed to be demons racing over a graveyard full of white slabs and black monuments. But finally the dancers shuffle to their graves, the last belated skeleton hurries to his place and the clock strikes 1. Aside from the wonder it aroused Kathe- rine's playing awakened a strange interest in herself. But there was little opportunity on this occasion for further acquaintance, as she soon and very abruptly arose to go. When she touched Mme. de Montrieu's hand at parting that lady said, " By the way, ma chere, if you have come here professionally it will be well, you know, for you to meet some of our influential people ; of course the most select of that number you have already met," and she smiled prettily towards her other guests. " But next Wednesday I give a large reception. You may bring your sister then, and I will introduce you to many of my friends." Thus the clever, social tact of Mme. de Montrieu construed a favor desired into a favor conferred. The Russian girl thanked Madame " extremely," and after bowing a general adieu retired. " Funny little black thing, isn't she ?" re- marked the Count. Chapter II. Mme. de Montrieu's salons looked very beautiful when decorated and thrown open for a reception. There were the two grand salons and a small one, the music- room and conservatoire, all illuminated with innumerable wax candles and perfumed by countless flowers, and Madame herself looked charming in her Paris gown of pale green velvet, embroidered with dainty moss roses. But Madame was not happy. It was that last uncomfortable half hour when the rooms are yet empty, but the hostess must be there ready to make welcome the unfortunate first comer—the hour when the sudden " regrets" from the most important guests are liable to arrive, and above all it is the hour when you are just weary enough to imagine all the mishaps which could mar this, your pet reception of the season. But Madame's un- happiness at present was not purely imagin- ary—the usual sudden regret had arrived. " Now, who is it ?" she exclaimed, with irritation, as she opened the envelope. " If it's the English Embassy I shall be furious !" It was not from the Embassy, but Madame was nevertheless very much annoyed. " It's from that little Russian pianist— that is always the way with professionals— you never can count on them !" " What is the matter with her ?" asked Mme. de Fayette, who stood before one of the mirrors readjusting for the sixth time the diamond crescent in her hair. " Oh sick, of course ! They are always ' indisposed' at the last moment." " But is the sister also ill ? Did she arrive yesterday as expected ?" persisted Lucille. " Yes, the sister is coming," Madame replied more placidly as she read the note. " Her name is Karina, I must not forget it. But what do I want with one of them ? The novelty was in having twins—twin-prodigies ! I can always find plenty of singers. Who knows whether this Karina even sings well, and besides there is no telling how she will appear and act—she may be ridiculous !" But Madame's expostulations were inter- rupted by the sound of carriage wheels out- side and voices in the halls. The reception had commenced. Madame was smiling and gracious ; everyone was smiling and gracious. The rooms were soon brilliant and glittering with gorgeous costumes and many jewels. Mme. de Montrieu was a hostess of admirable tact and quick perceptions. She could take in at a glance the amount of conversational ability at the command of every group in a room. She knew how to rout or disperse the young men who happened to be wasting their entertaining talents on each other. It was a stupid person indeed who ever left Mme. de Montrieu's salon with a consciousness of having appeared to disadvantage. She always drew out the best qualities of each person—a greater gift this than many accomplishments. It was over an hour since the first guest had arrived. The English Embassy had come in full force ; the most distinguished personages were already there—even Count d'Omar, who was expected late, had arrived, smiling and decorated with Russian orders. As Madame was passing her cousin at one side of the room she murmured hastily : " Will you believe it, that singer has not come yet ! She is evidently planning to arrive late and make a sensation. I know something will happen to mortify me—things are going too smoothly so far." " Perhaps that is she now," replied her cousin, and Madame went forward to meet the new arrival. Karina Donimirska it was indeed, and Mme de Montrieu certainly experienced a surprise, but not such as she had feared. Mlle. Donimirska entered the room like a queen, and looked like one. There was in her bearing no trace of the timidity and lack of social experience which was observable in the sister. But in form and feature their re- semblance was quite marked. " I see Mme. de Montrieu is not certain whether it is I or my sister," she observed with an amused smile. But a society woman never reveals much surprise. " No. I think I should have known you apart, although the likeness is very striking. But, you see, I find it difficult to greet you as one whom I meet for the first time. It seems as if I know you well," and Madame verified her words by clasping Karina's hand cordially. " Then, Madame, I have reason to very thankful for the resemblance I bear to Katherine." Karina bowed as gracefully as she spoke. Mme. de Montrieu's welcome was genuine ; indeed any hostess might be proud of Karina Donimirska as she appeared that afternoon. Her costume was superb. It was of white satin, not cream white, but a snowy, daz- zling white, and this was richly embroidered with gold. But the great effct and beauty of the costume was its trimming of Russian sable, a broad band of which outlined train and also the low-cut bodice. The dark fur against her splendid white shoulders formed a striking contrast. Her hair was dark like Katherines, but was dressed more elaborately, being drawn high and held in place by a gold dagger. Her eyes were also dark, but somewhat concealed by dainty gold eyeglasses, which did not wobble or lean to one side, but stood erect and firm on her well- shaped nose. She wore no jewel, excepting one single pearl ring of immense size. Such was the creature towards whom Mme. de Montrieu had so recently harbored un- generous sentiments. No wonder she was surprised and almost disconcerted at the first sight. But her manner was now gracious- ness itself. " And your sister, is she very ill ? I so regret her absence." " Yes, Madame, I must confess that only a severe indisposition could have induced Katherine to forego the privilege you have so kindly extended to us. I -would not have left her, but she insisted on my coming." " I am very glad of this," replied Madame, honestly ; " it would have been too bad to lose both of you." After a few further polite inquiries about Mlle. Katherine, the hostess summoned the nearest standing cavalier and presented him. This happened to be Count d'Omar, who had been observing the new beauty ever since her entrance. " But I believe we need no introduction—is it not the charming pianist whom I had the honor of hearing last week ?" He felt somewhat relieved when informed of his mistake, for in point of fact the " charming pianiste" had not attracted him, whereas this gorgeous creature commanded unqualified admiration, and it was gratifying to learn that he need not undo any first impressions in order to now pay his devoted attentions. And devoted he certainly was from the first moment to the last of their intercourse. Whether Mlle. Donimirska was pleased with his attentions or not it was difficult to judge, but certain it is that she permitted them, even to the chagrin of other admirers who were apparently more desirable and suitable than the Count. Some may have wondered, but none understood why the square-faced, small-eyed, more than middle-aged and dissipated Count was favored by such a beautiful and brilliant woman as Karina Donimirska. When she sang all hearts were captivated. Some voices make you think of things grand and noble, like cathedrals and historic cas- tles, others call up visions of the dainty and exquisite, like jewels and flowers, but this voice made you think pre-eminently and always of a bird. The quality was light and sweet and high, and her art was so perfect that every note came with bewildering ease. " Patti might well envy you," exclaimed the Count with more fervor than understand- ing. As an artist, Mlle Donimirska could certainly take the highest rank—scales, arpeggi, stacatti and trills were all rendered with equal facility. " Where did you study ? Who was your master ?" inquired Mme. de Montrieu, in ecstasies. " My father, Madame, taught us everything." " He must be a wonderful musician." " He was, Madame, but we have no father now." There was a ring of bitterness as well as grief in her tones, but Madame only heard the words. (To Be Continued.) 