CURRENT NOTES. tt'imitiT expressing any opinion as to the Miii; nr innocence of the accused in t.lio MM 1 ---utile. Bank prosecution now engaging tlm • i. ii; i.>11 of the police Court, wo shall not, w ini :. 1 ii? considered as guilty of contempt of mtni In criticising the. action of Mr. Lormer, .1.1' . in insisting upon his right to adjudicate ..ii ill.- c.ise after lie had been asked on behalf .<i ..in; of the defendants to withdraw. The i,in-! inn of the good taste of Mr. Lonr.er's ncti-Mi is altogether apart from the jtuilt r ii,ti'H*i'iiott of Die accused. Whether -the r'i:uiis be committed or discharged, we f-.-.i i.-ilain that .Mr. Lormer will give ID'S lit 1 , i-i''ii in accordance with ; th£' feVltlEfJiWfcubii.itii'l. a< it strikes his luillu. Wef^ci'iHili.'iiii 'klthc justice has no bias one, way or tlmother, jii.l inil- reference to his acliotr Ojltljloti prejjidicc iiif Mercantile ease either for^or-H^aSi'lst' tlie .ivi'i'ii i.inls. Mr. Loriiier was the chairman, •ii;il. ne .if (lie speakers, at a meeting called.to iiiuic-i against the recent, action of the Cvown in I 'liiu'Ction with the Mercantile Bank proset-11• i•.ji. and Mr Lormer was the justice who *Lti i! the sumnions after the Police Magistrate lifiiltiti'd. These two circumstances are quite !•• ini..;i ilile with n most Brutus-like impartiality, I'.ii t ! u y ce.rtainlyshow that, though Mr. Lonner i".|i;i'-'-eil Do opinion as to tile jruilt of the pni.-. he was far from being convinced of liifir innocence. This view of the matter to have linen taken by Mr. Millidge's i 'iiiiM'1. who seems to have regarded Mr. Loruier "ii' 1 of those impartial men who are open to inii iioii. He requested the justice to withfi»» ii'in tlie case, hut the request was not :*i|«!iiil with. Mv. Lonuer's contention was that his post of Mire should not interfere with his rights as a wiv.iii' citizen to attend at a public meeting, at at, that meeting he had cr/irnsstd uo i as to the guilt or iituoceiiee of the i. We need not dwell upon the wide ice that may exist between expressing an i and forming one, for we may readily • that Mr. Lormer has neither formed nessed an opinion on the subject, file upon which we now form and express a . elded opinion is that, when au accused •.tests for reasons stated that a certain should not adjudicate, good taste and a "f propriety and self -respect should hat justice to withdraw, when his liiiiili.i'.v.'il will not interfere with the I'-jalii course of justice. In jury cases, > : les have a right to challenge without '1)1 l.o a certain extent, and with reasons j I" ..ny extent. Mr. Lormer will not bu Ivjiliii i.il because, si' jiitiia-, ho is not and will • li.issed. The accused gives his reasons Mi-ving that Mr. Lormer is not the best, •"ii •' i p-tss an opinion upon the virgin state liis . lind in reference to the charges made, siii-i a case what should Mr. Lormer have \- answer by putting another, possible ISwil if the ease, for it is a poor -rule i't work both ways. Supposing that on W, -Ii sat a .Justice of the Peace related to, Null obligations in the past to one of the l-tiiila.its, and that the prosecution, stating ' lull, ionship and these obligations,requested 'jiwi.-e to withdraw, what should good taste 1 : ] , M't : Iiat justice to do ? He might, be just I iwiic .(., conscientious and strictly impartial Mi. Lormer, hut if lie insisted upon Ijn&.i ing there would be a howl of indignaf' 1 ili: mghout the laud. The .oases- are [««!} similar, for Mr. Lormer's [Connection (A ii"' public meeting was in tfe'euuituve of laJicr e relationship to tlie Mercautile Bank 1: is true that the meeting' did not )'i nquire into the guilt or innocence of the defendants, I, .t its general tenor was that those defendants should be regarded as "iiiltv until they were proved innocent by a "more competent tribunal than a Police Court or an Attorney-lieneral. Even Supreme Court judges trained as they are to carefully sift evidence' decline to hear a case on which they may lvive been consulted before their elevation to the Bench, and Mr. Millidge's counsel may very well claim that judicial good laste is worthy of mutation in tlie Police Court. Wi: hardly know whether the inhabitants of other worlds than ours" will hail with pleasure or condemn with heartiness the formation in Melbourne of a Society for Psychical Research Hitherto ghosts have bad, as it were, a free hand, and roamed about at their own sweet will according to the state Of the nerve* and the quality of the spirits affected by each particular seer of visions. No sacreligious treasurer has laid his materialistic taxing-hand upon spirits from the other world. They have come in dutyfree, and whether colonial or imported have laughed at the exciseman. This want of supervision has often allowed the mental market to be glutted with spirits of a deleterious nature and the amount of harm that has arisen tbrou"h 'alse spirits passing themselves oil as genuinely over-proof will probably never be known and cannot be estimated. The Psychical Research .Society intends to alter this state of tilings. Henceforth the spirits of the other world will come in, so to speak, in bond, and will have to undergo a searching examination at the hands of a Customs Union, consisting of Messrs. .1. W. Hunt, H. M. Hunt, .lames Smith, Oldlield, A. L. Windsor, M.'Alpine, Professor Laurie, the Rev. Dr. Strong and several medical gentlemen. Every spirit or spook claiming the favour of a paragraph in tlie newspapers will henceforth be compelled to show ' its credentials io these gentlemen, and pass a .searching examination, before it will be permitted to roam around in the exercise of its ghostly profession. The "confidence-trick," so far as ghosts and spectres are concerned, may now be'regarded as definitely played out, and all that is requisite to secure peaceful slumbers to the schoolboys vvho>ead cheap novels and housemaids who pore over the luridly-illuminated evening papers, is an Act of Parliament rendering it punishable for any unaccredited or iiiKUihcienUy-investigated apparition to rupresent itself to be a duly authorised ghost. Professor Laurie, who presided at the opening meeting, said that a society of this kind must expect to puL up with a' certain amount of ridicule, but for our part we do not see any cause for ridiculing the society. Its object, is an admirable one, and one that has been popular with all nations and in all ages. The poet lias said that the proper .study of mankind is man ; popular prejudice just now loans, however, towards Uie study of woman, but at all times there have been thoughtful persons who have regarded ihe proper study of mankind to be spirits. There can be no more uoble object in life than to grasp the intangible, to explain the unintelligible and to cle arly deiine the boundary-lines of tlie illimitable. This is what the Psychical Research Society apparently proposes to do. Its career and its investigations will be watched witli interest., and enthusiasm and applause, rather than ridicule and laughter, when it exhibits before the gaze of a no longer sceptical public a genuine disembodied spirit in tlie ilesh. Trn; unionist, as we know him in Australia in this year of grace, learns sense with the most extreme difficulty, and pays a terrible price for each lesson. He learns nothing by example ; the failure of his neighbours in an unrighteous light does not carry any warning for him, and lie goes the same road, carrying the same weapons to light the same old light, with the airy conlidence of a venerable mule attacking a powder magazine with his heels. The question on which the dispute between Brunton and Co. and their employes turns has been battled over again and again by a dozen unions, and in every case the principle of freedom of contract has been strengthened by the attack, and j'et the millers' operatives hope to succeed, where all others have failed, in a contest in which the vast preponderance °f public opinion is entirely against them, as has been so often emphatically demonstrated. Messrs. Brunton and Co., it appears, have in their employment two or three men who, from conscientious motives, decline to submit themselves to the domination of union bosses ; and for this reason a strike is threatened. The unionists say that those men must either throw in their lot with them or be thrown out of work by the masters. The masters refuse to enact their part of the programme as laid down by Lygon street, and, as the .Millers' Operatives' Union professes its detei minatii aeteiiiiinatioii to carry its point, an industrial struggle, which will probably involve one or two other trades, .--eems to be inevitable. The question at issue between Brunton and Go. and the Operatives' Union, it appears to us, IS simply, •• Who is to mana-re the business, master or man V" The men assert that ir is to be managed by (lieir union, the masters desire to assert, and maintain their own authority. We wonder at the moderation of the unionists : since tlie.y go so far as to dictate whether this man shall lie employ. 1, or that one sent away, why not insisi upon the privilce of objecting to certain shareholders, or of nominating directors and managing men after their own hearts If Lyg<m-streel secured the ri.rht of selecting the manager, all difliculty, f„r as the unionists are concerned, would be overcome at once, and big dogs would doubtless be kept oil the premises for the express purpose of worrying any free hihouxer who might have the temerity to visit there seeking a billet. Admit the right of the unions to debar masters from employing any men but unionists, and you practically give into Die hands of rhe union the power to the businesses and to absorb their prolits by continually raising wages. IL is only the competition of The freelabimrers that Keeps willies down to a rate at which a factory, mill or foundry can lie conducted with a sufficiently large malgin of prolit to induce capitalists to start these industries or invest in them. \ strike now would prohablv break the back ,',f the .Millers Operatives' Union, as the last maritime strike prostrated the Seamen's Union. Not for jj^al, reason is it to lie deplored, however, but Hi-cause of the. great suti'erimj it 'wonl.l certainly entail upon the poor, who already lind bread only too dear for these hard times. '•• IT is gratifying to hear that: the representa lions of sufl'ei ers at the hands .,f too-enterprisinkeepers of registry oiliees in Melbourne have imbued the Premier Hilh a determination t,, limit the opportunities of these haipics, who, as it happens, prey upon that class of the community oil whom imposition fulls with the greatest force and entails most snH'eriiiir. 1 linking for work is the hardest of woik, as all who have had expeiience will admit, hi fairlyprosperoti.s times hi many it is a long round t.f disappointments and deferred hopes,'but during the present mi fortunate depression (o the honest man. with a wife and family dependent upon him. there is no form of labour, be it ever so arduous, he would not rather undertake than the spirit-breaking, heart-wearing work of seeking work ; and it, would be monstrous if the fiauds anil impositions to which such men are too often subjected by tlie unconscionable proprietors of so-called labour oiliees were permitted to continue. There are in Melbourne dozens of registry offices where extortion is systematically "practised. The proprietors of these nefarious establishments do not hesitate to lake the last coin from a hungry iimii, under the pretence of finding him a billet, a promise they have no intention of fulfilling. They keep unemployed applicants stringing on day after day. exacting fees for services that are never performed, occasionally, perhaps, sending their unfortunate clients Oil a wild-goose chase into the country to interview employers who do not exist, or who have no work to oiler the men. A common dodge is to take the names of gentlemen advertising for workers from a paper two or three days old, and to make some show of moving in their clients' interests by sending them to these advertisers. Of course, the latter have invariably got the . hands they wanted, the . applicant is told as tnucli and departs, cursing his luck, biit ; nnci)iiNcii>us of the fact that he is 'fi'nnply being played with and robbed. But the tricks o(f the experienced conlidence-iuan of the registry 'oilioe qrestoo numerous to mention, suffice to say'lie misses no opportunity o'f squeezing all the spoil possible out of both workers and employers, and it is to be hoped the I Jovernment's action will be summary and sudden. The record put up by the late Julius C.-.-sar as a sender of brief messages has been beaten by Sir tieorge Dibbs. .lulius, who didn't believe in wasting much money on cablegrams and putting coin into the pockets of the Uovernment o? 'Aala, sent to Rome news of his Pharnaces in the curt ivords " IVni, villi, rin." Judged by tile Dibbs standard, however, the Conqueror of the earth was reckless ami loquacious. When Sir Thomas M'llwraith wired to him in reference to the dispute as to whether r-he Canadian-Pacific steamers should visit, both Moreton Bay and Keppel Bay or merely the former, and Mated that so far as any subsidy from Queensland was concerned it must, be "Both or none," Dibits replied in the one word—" None." This is, no doubt, an excellent oke, and is characterised by a kind of illtempered, ill-natured smartness that is calculated to make one laugh. But it is only worthy of a pot-house politician striving to make a point at the expense of an adversary. The Premiers of the three colonies of Queensland, South Australia and New South Wales have recently been making public exhibitions of themselves in a manner that shows them to be utterly unfitted to conduct an ordinary business correspondence, much less au affair of State. Such rudeness if p,how n l y Ministers of European states conducting diplomatic negotiations would eventuate in bloodshed. Talk about Intercolonial Federation ! We haven't got International courtesy yet I 