CHILDREN'S COLUMN. AN ADVENTURE WITH AN ALBATROSS. [l'y A. JONES.] Captain Hurt, of thc steamship Mariposa, sailing between San Francisco una Australia, was formerlj'a Healthy young man, who went to sea because ho loved life on thc water. He was asked by a passenger on one of the Mari* posa's trips to tell how ho came to udopt a sea bearing life, and to relate his most thrilling adventure. Here is his t.tory : " I was ii years old when I left Harvard, having graduated well up in my class. I had come into possession of the property left to me by my father in (hal yea:, and, os my mother had also died, and my sisters had married, I determined to spend a few years in travel. I went to Europe and South Africa, returning to London thc same year. Clark Russell's sea stories bad always interested mc greatly, nod I made up my mind to rough it on n trip to Australia in a clipper ship. I tried to engage a cabin passage in the Josephine, then ono of the largest suiliug-ships afloat ; but old Captain Hardy, whom everybody called 'the bear' because he was rough and brusque, re- fused with many an oath, saying lie didn't keep any blankety blank hotel, and no man coiiidsailnnhisshipwithotitsigningarticlcsaud doing his proper amount of work. Of course I knew it ship us well as I knew a house, and 1 decided to goon the Josephine before the mast just for thc fun of it. I saw a twinkle in thc old captain's eye as I signed tho usual articles for thc voyage to Sydney, New South Wales. He simply remarked, however, ' You're big enough to do your share of the work.' " I procured a regular outfit, sent my kit on board, and took my place among the crew. I found friends among tho forecastle at once, for I assumed no airs, acted just as cverybod else did, and studiously minded my own bus ness. In spite of my discretion, though, made same enemies. One of them was in th same watch with me. His name was Norri; and he claimed to be an Englishman, but h spoke with u lightly foreign accent, and wa durk enough to he taken for a Portuguese o a Spaniard. I disliked him from the first and be evidently had as little regard for me a I had for him. He iusnlted mc oncday in th forecastle during our watch below, and ', struck him a blow under the car that put hin to sleep very effectually. He was uuconsciou for two hours, and I was really afraid that In was done for. He regained cnusciousnes finally, and after that time did not in an> way interfere with mp. When we were alofi sometimes, however, I conhl see him eycinj me sharply, and was satisfied that he wai contemplating some sort of treachery. . I saie nothing, but tried hard to keep my eyes in hil direction. " We had a fairly good voyage until w< struck some extremely rough weather off Capt Horn. For two days we ran under close reefi with thc wind abeam, and then the gale became so violent that wo had to heave to tc weather it On the fourth day of the storm thc wind moderuted, and Captain Hardy ordered us aloft to shake out thc louer reefs. We hail resumed our course, and were boom- ing along at about ten knots. " Although thc wiud had moderated con- siderably the sky was u dark grey all around, with clouds of a deeper hue, almost bluish, in thc south-east. It looked to mc like more heavy weather, and I doubted the wisdom of shaking out auy of the reefs. Norris and I were on the mainroyalyord when a lioavy puff of wind struck the ship und threw her almost upon her beam ends. As I stood on the foot rope with inv arms over thc yard, tho heavy piece of timber was almost perpendicular, and I had to cling hard with bauds uud feet to keep from going over. Another lurch came when I was resting my whole weight on thc footropc. Thc rope suddenly parted, and I felt myself fulling. Instinctively I flung out my arms to grasp something, but my head struck the to'galhmt yard, and over I went into the sea. I remember hearing a cry of 1 mun overboard ' from the deck, and must then have become unconscious for a time. 1 next found mytelf struggling among the tremendous waves. Asl rose upon the crest of each big sea I caught a glimpse of the ship, and as she was still standing on her course I knew that I was left to my fate. I was not excited in the least by my position. I fully expected to drown, but I made up my mind to fight as long ns I could. I was and am a strong swimmer, and I hoped to bo able to keep ufloat until I could find some spar or hits of wreckage to sustain mc. Meanwhile, I made as little exertion os was necessary, so as to proservc my strength. Thc water was very cold, and I knew that no man's powers of en- durance, however great they might bc, could be equal to any prolonged struggle willi such clements. "I expected no relief from thc Josephine. A small boat could not have been luunched in such a sen, and I circulated correctly that Captain Hardy did not put thc ship about, because hu did nat believe that any man could live for live minutes among such waves as had I been breaking over the ship. [ " I must have been ill thc water an hour, and it was then about noon, when I espied u piece of a vessel's hatch about twenty yards away in thc same trough of thu waves in which I was then swimming. I was tjuickly becoming exhausted, but I liiadc for that little raft with all of my rcmainingstrcngth. I was engulfed hy the waves u hundred times. Scores of times great seas broke aver me and j sent me down far below the surface. I managed tu struggle to UIOBUIJUCO many innes just soon enough to keep from drowning. At j last I reached the hatch, grasped a protruding spike, and rested a while before I hud strength enough to raise myself upon the half submerged raft. There was a bit of rope trailing in the water, with which I lashed myself fast to the hatch to keep from being washed off into the sea. " I think 1 imiBt have slept for a time in spite of the cold. At any rate I remember that the sea became suddenly much calmer, the wind hiving died away to asimple bree». As night came on a feeling of indeaeril>able loneliness took possession of me, which was intensified when I saw that the albatrossscs had sighted me. A man who clings to a spar in tho waters about Ctpo Horn bas more to fear from tho giant birds cf the air than from the monsters of the deep. The night was a very long one. When I was not dozing I was looking out over the waves in search of a vessel's lights. None caine intovicw, and thc day broke cold and cheerless. When the sun caine up I thought I descried land off to the north-west. It was only a faint lute, and I waB not sure whether it was land or a bank of clouds. I prayed that it might be land, and I felt more cheerful when I saw that a current was carrying mc to tuc northward. 1 waa very hungry, and I knew that if I did not reach land or was not picked up that I would bc at liberty to chooso death from either star- vation or drowning. I didn't count on another danger, which turned out to be greater even than thc others-thc birds. .Soon after sunrise I saw a number of great albatrosses sailing through thc air far over- head. Ono by one they came lower, and I watched them with intense admiration. Not oucc did I sec an albatross flap a wing. They rose high into thc air and swooped down low, turning their immense wings from side to side to direct their course, but never appearing to uso the slightest exertion. They were like ships of thc uir, using their wings as sails, and with a perfect knowledge of tacking, gybing, and thc like. They M'eut to windward and before the wind with equal facility. In my admiration for the great creatures I lost sight of thc fact, even if I had realized it, that they were a more set ions source of danger than the waves. " Nearer aud nearer they came, and I could sec their cold, staring eyes regarding me with something in their expression that made me shiver, liven then I did not appreciate my danger. Oue of them swirled past mc so close that I was funned by thc uir be hud disturbed. It was not till another had made a vicious jab at me with his beak as he snooped by that I began to understand the horrors of my position. I had no weapon but a jackknife, which I opened, and with which I prepared to defend myself. I had been lying down all this time, but I now sat up, and made ready for thc attack that I felt sure would come. It was not long delayed. First one albatross and then another flew at me, picking at my even and face. I slashed right and left with my knife, screaming the while in the hope of scaring the vicious things away. I must have wounded several, hut they came at mc again and again, each time more savagely. Occasionally, in spite of ali that I could do, one would fasten his beak into my flesh and tear a pieceaway. My face became frightfully lacerated, and I was soon covered with the blood that flowed from my wounds. " I was on the verge of fainting when I heard a shout near at hand. Turning I saw boat closely approaching, manned hy a crew of rough looking natives. I had been so absorbed in my fight with the birds that I had not observed how closely to the land I had drifted, and that a boat was coming to my rescue. I was taken on board, and was glad to sec that the birds had given up the fight. They made a few wide circles around thc boat and then sailed away to the west- ward. "The natives sf «lt o a Spanish dialect, which I could only slightly understand, but from it I gathered that they were Terra del Fncgans, and that I was being taken ashore. I did not like their looks, and was almost inclined to think that it would have been better to have let myself drown. I was now very weak and ill, and when we landed they had to carry me ashore. I was taken to u hut where my wounds were dressed by an old woman, who was not at all a bad surgeon, and, after having eaten a little, I was laid upon a mattress, where I slept soundly for se\crul hours. An attack of fever followed, and it was nearly a mouth before I was able to walk. I must have been well nursed, for there were no medicines there. I had a little money iu my belt, all of which I gave to my rescuers, making them understand, however, that I wanted them to take me to sea evory day in a boat until I could bail a ship. They did so, and in a week I had caught a vessel bound for Sydney. Whatever can be said of thc Terra del Fuegans hy other unfortunate travellers, I must admit that they treated me well. " At Sydney I ran across Norris, who acted as if he had seen a ghost He shivered and shook with fear, and I taxed him with cutting the rope. He admitted it, and begged for mercy. " 