THE POWEB OF SOMAN PRIESTS TO FORGIVE SINS. BY JAMES A. o'COSriTOB. When conducting the services during the Week of Prayer last January in Yiueland, N. J., on the invitation of the" pastors of the Presbyterian, Methodist, Congregational and Baptist churches, I was asked many questions at the after noon conferences that could be satisfac torily answered only by a discourse of an houFs length devoted to each subject. As the Bible readings occnpied the greater part of each conference, only a brief reply could be made to such questions. Among other topics on which information was sought was the power claimed by all Boman Catholic priests to forgive sins and thereby satisfy the divine justice and reconcile the repentant sinner to the God whom he had offended. I had explained from the Scriptures the priesthood of Christ the great High Priest of oar salva tion, who had offered himself on Calvary as the sacrifice for our sins and who possessed all power in heaven and on earth for our forgiveness, redemption and reconciliation. The question then arose, if Christ alone had such power how could the Boman Catholic priests claim that they had similar power? The answer was that their pretensions were based on the words of our Lord addressed to His disciples—" Whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them ; and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained." " By those words," says the Council of Trent, " the power of forgiving and retain ing sins was communicated to the Apostles and their successors." (Canons and Decrees of the Council ot Trent. Session XIV., held November 25, 1551, under Pope Julius III.) Intelligent Bomian Catholics who mingle with Protestants and seek admission to refined society deny that their priests ve the power to forgive sins, and endeavour to explain the absolution pronounced by the priest as declaratory, intercessory or mediatorial. Some who are not well instructed in their own religion believe this in good faith ; but others are ashamed to acknowledge that their priests, who may be notoriously unfit tor decent society, have the power to forgive the sins of respectable people like themselves. "I don't believe the priest has the power to forgive me when I go to con fession to him," a bright Boman Catholic girl will say in the society Of her Protes tant friends." " I have been often to confession," said a Boman Catholic of Berea, Ohio, to the writer when holding evaielistic meetings there last February — 1 have been often to confession, and until I heard you preaching I never thought the priest had power to forgive my sins. Now since you have made it clear to me that every priest claims such power I shall never confess tj a priest again, but to God aloue." The Council of Trent, the Vatican Council and all Roman Catholic theolo gians declare that priests have power to forgive sins. The best illustration of this dogma of the Boman Church is found in the works of St. Alphonsus Liguori, the founder of the Bedemptorist Order, which Rev. Michael Muller, C. SS. R., has followed in his hook on " The Catholic Priesthood." It is commended as "sound in doctrine ' by Cardinal Gib bons and every Boman bishop in the United States. I will give Father Muller the oppor tunity to speak for himself and for the whole Roman Catholic Church in the following loncf extracts from the latest edition of his work : " The Catholic Priesthood," 2 vols., pages. 514, 88ii, pub lished by Benziger Bromers, New York, " Printers to the Apostolic See." In the third chapter of Vol. I., entitled " Digr nity of the Priest — -His Power qver Christ's Mystic Body— Over the Faithful," pages 46 and following. Father Muller says: " As Jesus Christ does not wish . to enter souls as long as they are in mortal sin, the great power of the priests to change bread and wine into Christ's body and blood would be of little avail to the greater part of mankind, had not Christ given them another power, namely that of forgiving sins by means of the sacra ments, especially by the sacraments , of baptism aud penauce. ' Go,' said He to the apostles and priests; 'baptize man kind in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," " whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them." (Matt, xviii. 19; John xx. 2S.) This power is given to priests to free men from their sins, aud prepare them for this wonderful union with Christ in holy communion. But what does it mean to have the power of forgiving, or destroying sin? Sin is so great an evil, that, were all the men on earth, were all the saints and angels of heaven, to perform the most rigorous penances; where they to sacrifice everything for the love of y®t, with all their good works, they would not be able to blot out a single sin. Nay, even the fierce fires of hell, though burning throughout all eternity, _ can never destroy, a single mortal sin. The power of removing mountains, is indeed a great power, but the power of removing sin from the soul is far greater. The power to raise the dead to life is wonderful, but the power to raise the dead soul to life is still more wonderful. To have the power to create new worlds is to partake of God's own omnipotence ; but to have the power of forgiving, of destroying sin, is to hold the very, place of God himself— it is to perform one of the greatest works of God's almighty power. Let us take a man who, of his own free-will has made himself a slave of sin, a slave of the devil. Who shall free him from this shameful bondage? Shall we call upon the angels and saints of heaven ? The saints of heaven are the friends of God, and God honors them by hearing their prayers. They may pray for the sinner, they may obtain for him innumerable graces, but they cannot free him from one single sin. Shall we call upon his guardian-angel ? The guardip-angel may warn the sinner, he may assist him, he may urge him to do penance, but the guardian-angel cannot free him from the chains of sin. Shall we call upon St. Michael? St. Michael is most powerful; he is the prince of the heavenly hosts ; he has conquered Satan and his hellish crew. He can compel the evil spirits to flee away from the sinner, but he cannot free that sinner from a single sin. Shall we, then, call upon the blessed Virgin Mary herself? The blessed Virgin IS the mother of God; she is queen of angels and of men; her very name is the terror of hell. She can pray for the sinner, and her prayers are all powerful with God, but she cannot forgive a single sin; no, not even a siugle venial sin. Seek where you will, throughout heaven and earth, and you will find but one created being who can forgive the sinner, who can free him from the chains of sin and hell, and that ex traordinary being is the priest, the Catholic priest. " Who but God can forgive sins?" was the question which the Pharisees sneeringly asked. " Who but God can forgive sins?" cry the Pharisees of the present day, and we answer: There is a man on earth that can forgive sins, and that man ig the Catholic priest. Yes, the priest not only declares that the sinner is forgiven ; he really forgives him. The priest raises his baud, he pro nounces the words of absolution, and quick as a flash of light the chains of hell are burst asunder, aud the sinner becomes a child of God., So great is the power of the priest that the judgments of heaven itself are subject to his decision; the priest absolves on earth, and God absolves in heaven. " Whatsoever thou ahalt bind on earth, shall be bound also in heaven ; and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth, shall be loosed also in heaven." These are the ever memorable words which Jesus Christ addressed to the Apostles and their successors in the priesthood. Suppose that our Saviour himself were to appear here in his .humaa form among us; suppose he were to enter one of the confessionals for the same purpose. Suppose that twosinnera, go to confession, both equally dispbsed/ equally contrite. Let one. of these go to the priest, and the other to the Saviour himself. Now, our ' Lord Jesus Christ says to the sinner that comes to him, " I absolve thee from thy sins," and the priest says to the sinner that goss to him, " I absolve thee from thy sins." Now, : the absolution of the priest will be just as valid, just as powerful, as the absolutioa of Jesus Christ himself. ; The aiuner Who goes to the priest to cjufession, will be just as well absolved as the sinner who goes to our blessed Lord himself. At the end of the world Jesus Christ shall judge all, men himself, "for the Father judges no one, but He has left all jndgment to -His divine Sou ;' but as., long as this world lasts Jesus Christ has left all judgment to his friends. He has vested them with His own authority, with His own power:" He that heareth you," He savs, "heareth me." He has given them His own divine spirit : " Beceive ye the Holy Ghost ; whosoever sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven, and whosoever sins you shall retain they are retained." The priest is the embassador, the plenipotentiary, of God. He is the co-operator, the assistant, of God in the great work of redemption. This is no exaggeration, it is the inspired language of the apostle : " Dei 'aij uteres aumua" (I Cor. 3) : "We are the co-operators, the assistants of God." It is to the priest that God speaks, when he says : " Judge between me and my people: "JtfJtbn inter me et vineam meam." I«CO. XIII.— la November, 1887. the the present Pope of Home said " Every Oatholio shonld ritidly adhere to the teaobinga of the Roman Pontiff, espeoially in the matter ot modern liberty, which, already, under the semblanoe of honesty of purpose, leads to deetrnotion. We exhort all Oatholios to devote oarefnl attention to public matters, and take part in all mnnioipal affairs and eleotions, and all pnblio servicea, meetings and gatherings. All Oatholios mtist make themselves felt as active elements in daily politioal life in oonntries where they live. All Oatholios shonld exert their power to danse the con- etitntione of States to be modelled on the principlas of the trne Ohnroh." Is it any, wonder if Proteatanta nnite to meet at the. polls this solid Romish vote ? ; How much the United Statea depend on Britain has been marvellonsly illaatrated daring the past few dags. The Britiah Viceroy, of India after ooosalting with hie Enropean and Hindn advisers decided that gold shonld be the money standard of India. An order was issned from a small office away np in the hills at Simla, India, simply annoanoing that gold would be the money standard in India and in less than two hoars a. oommeroial panic ensnad in every large city the States. The silver dollar was not worth more than 55 to 60 cents, and is now even lose than that. Silver mines are oloseil and the President has called a special meeting : of Oongrese to consider the crash. . .These facta, show conclasively that Britain conld if she choose rain the commeroe of the States. , . The general assembly of the Presbyterian Ohnroh of Ireland have reaffirmed their aolsmn condemnation of Home Bale. Before when, they repudiated snob a scheme ot dlsintegro-, tion and rain, they had not the Bill in their hands. Now they repeat their rafnsal to tolerate it in any way after the most oarefnl and complete examination of its provisions. Toe resplntions wbtoh were carried by 304 votes to 11, a majority that ought to charm Mr. Gladstone as a student of parliamentary fignrea, say that " having regard tothenataro of the Bill, and the light thrown npon its provisions by the diaonasiona on the seoond reading, and in Committee, the Assembly's ooavictiona, as to its dangerona character and the disaatrons conaeqnencea certain to enana shonld it ever be passed into law, have beea deepened, and confirmed." In 1546. Anne Askew, of Kelsey, Lincoln- ebire, England, waa brongbt before the Opm« miseioners appointed to try heretios. She won charged by the Boihlsh prieeta with denying the dootrine of transnbatantiation. She was asked if she decied the COBseorated bread to be really Obrist'e body and blood. She an> swered : Tea, for the same Son of God that waa born of the Virgin Mary, ia now giorions in heaven, and will coma again from thence at the latter day, like as he went np (Aotei.) : and as fur th >t'ye call year God, it is a pieoa of bread. For a proof of this let it bat lie In the box three monthe, and ye will find it moldy, and so will tarn to nothing that is good, wherefore, I am peranaded that it cannot be God. Having been horrribly raoked, and her joints so dialooated that she had to bs carried in a obuir, she was bnrat. 