THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. It has been a week of grave and decorous melancholy. Bankless, or almost so, one has scarcely known whither to turn for the price of a seltzer water, and a mournful shake of the head has been the only reply necessary either to the patient tradesman or the im- portunate borrower. As one citizen observed when the latest financial casualty was made known, "It only needs now for the Yan Yean to burst and flood the blank place out." He meant that there is a certain satisfaction in completeness, for if we must descend into the dismal dumps, it is as well to go right down while we are about it, and make ourselves as comfortable as possible at the bottom. The flooding has not actually taken place, nevertheless we have maintained our rigid solemnity in very creditable fashion. Simultaneously with the announcement of the five days' holiday, there appeared in a daily paper an advertisement to the following effect:— PUBLIC NOTICE. The Undersigned herein notify that they will NOT RECEIVE CHAFF AFTER TUESDAY, 2nd inst., until Saturday, 6th inst. This notification was not signed by the general managers of the Associated Banks, from whom it could of course have been readily understood, but by eleven highly re- putable mercantile firms. They grasped the situation, and resolved that a befitting serious- ness should mark this week of self-denial, during which the Government had decreed that we were to deny ourselves even the privilege of cashing cheques. No "chaff" whatever to be either given or received. No playful digging in the ribs, no "Hullo! old man, how's your overdraft." The week which begun on Sunday with self-sacrifice, most conscientious people denying them- selves the pleasure of going to church, and thereby saving their threepenny bit, was to be continued and finished in the same sombre gloom. It happened, as we all know, that a couple of intrepid institutions stood outside the Government proclamation, braving the weather, whereupon, not to be outdone, one bank after another peered out to reconnoitre, and ultimately took its stand also in the open. Wherefore the Government was left blinking vacantly at its own proclamation, flapping in impotent fashion before the public gaze, and was driven to wonder what had possessed it during that memorable Sunday evening jaunt to Frankston. Doubt- less the Government meant well, but the mis- constructions placed upon their action are pitiable. I heard the whole business lucidly summed up by one gentleman in a railway carriage, and from his remarks it was to be gathered that the real object of the Government was to break the banks—all of them. "The game of the feller Kairter," explained this critic, "was to bust 'em all to smash. Then he gits all their deposits in his Post-offis Savings Bank, collars the lot, and issues dibinshires for thim. Ah, it's a schaming wurrld." More popular than this, however, and pro- bably more correct, is the idea that the Ministerial ear was penetrated by the bitter cry of the bank clerk, a supposition which puts the matter in an altogether more pleasing light:— 'Twas a trump of a Treasurer dreaming drear Of the excise dues on ale, Who could yet incline official ear To the toiling teller's tale. How daily for five long hours on end His hands to the bone he wore, Jingling the gold he must not spend, And counting the flimsies o'er. And the kind G. D. he said, said he, As the desk with his fist he whacked, "You shall have repose, for the banks we'll close By a Ministerial act." "They shall look in vain for your well-cut suit, For your neatly buttoned frock, For the gleam of your patent leather boot On the shady side the Block." "But never a glimpse the watcher sees Till five long days are done, For you shall be taking your well-earned ease In a quiet pub, my son." "Ever look to me in your hour of need For it's one of my leading planks To try and baffle the selfish greed Of the plaguey English banks." "Whenever details of work or wage The bank clerk's bosom fret, Let him come to me for a special page Of the Government Gazette." It is very odd that though most people protest that they hate writing letters, still in a time of depression like the present they fly to the solace of ink as naturally as they do to alcohol. A J nib and a sheet of foolscap seem to be as good a sedative to some folk as a brandy and soda and a cigar to others. I have not got time to answer all their letters this week, but they may be conveniently dealt with in the ordinary method of the boiling down establishment, thus:— ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. "J.B.P."—So glad to hear that you en- joyed your pleasant Sunday afternoon at Frankston. Yes, of course. We knew quite well that you went down there simply to avoid "the infernal reporters." You are a lucky dog to be able to get a special to Mur- rumbeena all to yourself at that hour in the morning. Your little joke about the Chinese balance sheets and the last financial crisis in Hong Kong was much appreciated. "G.D.C"—So there wasn't any "riot and bloodshed," after all. But there would have been, you think, if you hadn't called in the assistance of the Government printer. Bosh! Not at all. The population rather enjoys being ruined. Why, the only man in the least degree excited was old B. They tell me he had four men and a boy taking the stuff away in bags as soon as the bank opened, and it has all gone into a new and complete assortment of winter goods by this time. "Dipsomaniac."—You say you paid ten guineas for two bottles yourself, and now you want to know whether you can recover. It all depends. You may possibly recover from the medicine, but I don't think you will from the vendor. "Flora."—It is always pleasant to hear from such a charming little lady. Yes, you are quite right in saying that bluestockings are sometimes very trying. The kind you go in for though, are really most becoming. So one of the threepenny bits actually went down your back. Well, if you will expose yourself to a metallic hailstorm every night you must take the consequences. Why didn't you try Myra Kemble's dodge in "Doctor Bill" when she lost the key the same way? "Professor."—Your description of Aris- totle's views upon the unemployed question is interesting but hardly practical enough, and your Shakspearian quotation about cab- bage-growing is irrelevant. Still it is satis- factory to notice that you are taking so much interest m the matter. As for the prescrip- tion you ask for, here it is. Take of Dr. Bevan's eloquence one part, and of Pastor Herlitz's enthusiasm one part. Add one scruple of the Archbishop. Fiat haust. Ter di sumend. (Correspondents will please notice that further communications will be answered on the Greek Kalends). The week has been less remarkable for the financial crisis than for a criticism upon a member of the Ministry. The Argus has ventured to impugn the financial utility of Mr. G. Downes Carter, which is as though the Austral Salon were to challenge the æsthetic pre-eminence of the Venus de Medici, or Dr. Neild's literary gatherings to wax sarcastic over the claims of putty as a medium for fastening window panes. But the severest blow at confidence in the Ministerial policy was dealt by the porter of one of the Associated Banks. This was late at night, while the directors were still in private meeting assembled, and the group of reporters outside were growing tired of performing fantasias on the front door bell, and inquiring whether "they showed any signs of finishing." Just after the termination of one of these occasional Lynch Brothers acts the Premier accom- panied by Mr. Baker and Mr. Abbott, arrived, and Mr. Abbott, as a depositor of 40 years standing, was told off to go over to the bank and establish communication with Mr. G. Downes Carter. Accordingly Mr. Abbott strode across the road, and being possessed of a firm hand and a clear conscience, seized the bell handle, and raised Cain among the echoes of the stilly night. Then he faced round by the left flank, and snorted thrice in the proud consciousness that, as a Minister of the Crown, his summons to the Bank of Australasia would be attended with entirely different consequences. As events turned out, he was quite right. The door opened suddenly—very suddenly —and the representative of Her Majesty's Ministers involuntarily fell back two steps, while the messenger posed on the threshold, and gave a free and forcible exposition of his views on the financial crisis. As the opinions of the messenger have been so much misrepre- sented in certain quarters, it will be wise—or otherwise—to place them in a form in which they cannot possibly be misconstrued. "Look 'ere," he said, extending a deprecatory hand, "what is this game? You've been a-ringing of this blessed bell for the last 'our an an 'arf an' I told you before as you couldn't see no one." "What do you mean, sir? I'd have you to know that I'm a Minister of the Crown, and Mr. Patterson—" "I don't care whether you was Mr. Patterson, or Laing and Bruce as well. Don't you ring that bell again, that's all, and so I tells ye." "Are you going to let me in or not, you lunatic?" "Don't you call me a lunatic, young man, or I'll show you something as will surprise you." "How dare you, sir?" "Don't you dare me, or I'll dare you off them steps, and pretty quick, too." Then the Premier, who had been holding up a lamp post on the edge of the discussion, came to his colleague's aid, and with the appearance of the Treasurer from within the building a bank holiday was pro- claimed between the combatants, and the panic for the moment was averted. When on Monday last the Victorian public fought and scrambled on the steps of the Bank of Australasia, Mr. George Dariell walked about the streets dressed in a singlet of sovereigns and calmly meditated upon the weaknesses of human nature. The average citizen was hungering for his deposit. The eminent tragedian had got it, and yet he was not happy. Three separate plants con- cealed his stock of bullion. One lot, at dead of night, with infinite labour and secrecy, he had conveyed to a hiding place beneath the magazine of the Theatre Royal, a second instalment was buried in his back yard, the third, and most important, reposed upon his manly bosom. The conse- quence was that his sleep at nights was dis- turbed with thoughts of burglars and many were the anxious moments when starting from his uneasy couch he cried, "Ha! ha! the villains are upon me. Fetch me me trusty broadsword." Treasury day came round at last, but none of the com- pany appeared to interview the "ghost." Considering the financial trouble they had taken it for granted that there was no use in bothering and a large expenditure in postal cards was necessary to drag them in to the theatre. Then the manager paid them, not only the week's salary, but a half in advance, and went home a happy man to dream of Monday's complimentary perform- ance and the end of the season. One man, at any rate, in Victoria should not be displeased at the turn which events have taken this week, and f anyone sneers at his gift of prophecy in future he can simply point the finger of scorn to the blameless page of Hansard and demolish the scoffer in three words. There they stand defying the oblivion that has come upon the man who uttered them, burning brightly through the mists of verbosity with which they were surrounded, and heard even now above the laughter which greeted them when they first fell upon the outraged ears of Parliament. "I hate bankers." That suggestively personal pronoun, that simple but expressive verb, unqualified though it is by any adverbial emphasis, and that financial or rather un- financial, object which is governed by the verb combine together in a sentence which the dullest current account holder can see the meaning of at a glance. Every section of the community, indeed, can ruefully ap- plaud the sentiment. The fixed depositor who is obliged to postpone his trip to Europe for five years, and take the risk of being run over by a tramcar or catching typhoid fever in the meantime feels a throb of sympathy with the erstwhile favourite of fickle Col- lingwood, and the shareholder who sees the beaming face of his Honour Judge Moles- worth waiting for him at the end of a long vista of five-shilling calls shudder- ingly recognises himself in the eye of a rejected labour member. It has taken a year or two for the denunciations to take effect, but the evil day has come at last. Who can doubt that it was the curse of Hancock which precipitated the crisis? Still no meeting has yet been held in the Athenæum hall to enable anxious citizens to open trust accounts with a state bank, and the hatred of bankers, which might fairly have been counted upon as a good working asset in the scheme of constructing such an institution, has disappeared in a most mysterious way from the debit side of the people's balance sheet, and been converted into an entliusiasm which is a decided credit to the existing banks. Mr. Henry Gyles Turner, for example, has only to show himself upon a platform to be greeted with a storm of ap- plause that might be accepted without dis- dain by a leading footballer. Mr. Frank Grey Smith, who grows more like Napoleon every day, seems to have inspired the rank and file of his fol- lowers with something like the old un- reasoning loyalty of Arcola and Marengo. The soldier of the guard in the story wrenched off his shattered arm at the socket, and waved it in the air with a "Vive l'Empereur!" One can almost see the fixed depositor of these latter days wounded fear- fully in his self-conceit but still with just sufficient strength left to brandish an unnegotiable instrument above his head and shout for "Reconstruction." "The week, gentlemen," said the chair- man of the Stock Exchange, summing up the situation in one striking sentence, "the week has been a dies non," and the as- sembled stockbrokers were too convinced of the truth of the sentiment to question its grammatical correctness. Every one his felt the pinch, not so much on account of the forced bank holiday—that was a slight matter but because of the self-denial en- joined in the cause of the Women's Hospital. It is a public duty to contribute to the sup- port of that noble institution, and Victorians must feel gratified at the undoubted evi- dence that all classes of the community are doing their best to help on the good work. Even the tobacconists—that much maligned class—display the self-denial labels, and spare no efforts to induce their custo- mers to forego butter or to do without milk in their tea for a week; while the grocers are untiring in pointing out that a seven days abstinence from vege- tables would be but a slight sacrifice in the cause of charity. The most noble and most self-denying efforts are being made on all hands, and there are hundreds of families in which the breadwinner has cut off the doctor, or stopped the children's milk or laid an embargo on the servant girl's sugar, restricting himself to such bare necessities of existence as beer and tobacco. Yet this has been done cheerfully, and it must be a consolation to the average citizen as he meditatively sips his beer, or inhales the titillating fragrance of his B. and S., that the newspaper announcement, "J. B., one week's milk, 2s.," has entitled him to be cited as a parallel ease to the Scriptural widow. Now that self-denial week is nearly over, let us ask ourselves solemnly what have we done for the sacred cause of charity. Many plans, I know, have been adopted, and each, of course, has had its votaries. Some have forsworn tobacco and suffered wakeful nights, and the tortures of the damned in consequence, others have abstained from beer and butter with such excellent effects upon their livers as to encourage them to take a permanent interest in the Women's Hospital from this time forth. A few have no doubt contented themselves with throwing shil- lings at Miss Flora Graupner, who has proved a most remunerative source of income to the committee during the week; and Mr. Varley, who is oppressed by the heaviness of the financial atmosphere, has kindly offered to lead the community in a week of humiliation, which might realise something if capably managed. It was reserved for Mr. S. A. King, however, to make a suggestion which does credit alike to his generosity and his abstemiousness. In an unpretending little letter to the editor of The Argus which was duly boiled down to a literary morceau of the most delicate description, and finally appeared in that form under the new heading of "Correspondence"—Mr. King suggests that licensed victuallers should contribute to the Women's Hospital by refusing "the courtesy shouts of travellers and asking for the sixpence instead which should then be devoted to the fund." That is all very well, Mr. King, but when the time comes for assessing the true value of these charitable donations, an angel with a proper eye for figures must credit those sixpences in common fairness to the customers and not the landlords. 