OUR STORYETTES. [Alii EIGHTS Sebicixt RESERVED.] "WATER LILIES" B¥ THE AUTHOR OF "WLONA." (Copyright by TiHotson & Son.) i /\H! Effie, are you going to the picnic vF this afternoon ?' said pretty Minnie Asfcor, as tbe rashed into her cousin's room, flushed with the pleasurable excitement, one fine morning in August. ' I don't think I shall; I fdon't know,' she replied. ' X have nothing fit to wear.'. "For shame. Effie. Why, your poor cousin here has onlytwo dresses, and you have such a lot-Hi whole wardrobe fulL* Effie shrugged her shoulders as she gazed into the mirror with a discontented expression on iier face, and answered, * Well, I have worn them until I jam tired of them.' * Surely you could wear one of your dresses again,' said. Minnie. ' Perhaps I could; but don't, bother me. I hate to be bothered wheu I have nothing to put on that t have not worn before.' She glanced into the mirror again with the. same expression on her face, and as she watched the masses of wavy, light hair fall around her ns she "brushed it, her countenance "cleared, the thought surely that Charlie Emmot could not think her cousin Minnie {tretlier than herself. Then she turned to Minnie. " Tee; I will come this afternoon die said. Effie Stott certainly was a pretty girl, or rather would have been if she could have entirely lid herself of that dissatisfied and selfish expression which she habitually wore. She rarely harbored any pleasant thoughts, except when she was tiying to please onp or otherjof the sterner sex. Bhe did not improve her position with the men by her undignified scowl. They ap pealed to be fond ortailing to faer toa certain extent, but she never made any listening im pression, save to cause them, on close ac quaintance, to fight shy of her. Minnie, oc the eonteaxy, was a high spirited girl, with a '.lasting expression that seemed Jo indicate that she had not a care in the world. She was about Wo and twenty years of »ge,aji orphan, and she had resided ever since die could remember anything in her aunt's house. Unlike her cousin, she was not wealthy, her total income being only suffi cient to keep her from absolute wast. How ever, die was quite contented with her lot, and did not think it a very hard one, after alL ? Everybody liked Minnie Astor, except her jrhl acquaintances, many of whom detested her, chiefly, it must be admitted,, because she ' was a general favourite with th^opposiie set. The men liked her because she was 60 natural in her manner, and they couldtalkto her without being made aware that they were too highlyappreciated. Proportionately with the increased admiration which was" vouchsafed her by her male friends her feminine acquain tance werethe morejealous. 'Whatdiallyntt wear, Minnie ?'asked Effie, presently. ' Are you going to wear yo ur white or your grey dress ? i wouldn't wear my white if I were you. I think it will rain.' Inwardly ehe hoped it would rain, and that Mimrin would wear her white dress, so that she would appeal to considerable'disadvantage in her wet and bedragglec condition. Minnie'Edresseswerenotnumerons. When ghc asked her consin ifshe intended to wear her whiteor her grey, Effie had mentioned the only two gowne the giri had to weare. The wh£te<mehad been washed goodness knew -how many times. * I shall wear my |white one, and some flowers with it,' Minnie said, turning to go. ' Oil, Minnie, you might come and help me to chose a dress for myself," called Effie, as her cousin was leaving. * Certainly, Effie, with pleasure.' And she wli^dfid abo^ and together the girls began to inspect the wardrobe. " Why, ffiEe'-said Minnie,' yon have heaps. Here is your fawn lace one, Sow will that -a©if Effieturned up her nose even higher than lit was-a festone would have snpposedto be almost impossible without taming it over her head altogether, as she rcplied:- . * 38bj I never shall. Wha±,wesr_onE I have from at a dozen garilen parties thirEHur mer! Sot if I know it' *Qh, Effie. "Why you only wore itaithe Brown's fete and at the bazaar J* 'Well, everybody has seen it, liaren't they?" ' Nonsense, It looks beautiful too* * I shan't wear it, anyhow.9 'Then there is the pile green/ 'That won't do, either. Xhe inspection went on for some time, and finally* a jsweet-looking pink muslin , was decided upon. Effie thought that surely, in this dress, ehe would be able to keep Oharlie's attention all the afternoon. Twoo*cIoek ariiFed|and the picnic party were all preeentatlhe rendervonB, wah the exeption of Minnie. The girls voted for going straightaway, hut thB gentlemen 'axe of another opinion and refused to proceed without her. Siis settled matters, and ptee eutly Minnie came hunying op wearing her did white drew, and a large sfaaw hat, hinimwl with white ribbon and natural pink xoses, and carrying a pretty bunch of coses in bier bdt. Slushed as ehe was with iier tunned walk die looked the ?veiypicture of healthand beauty. Jealous eyee, em, could notrefuseherthe palm. Effie bad, however, by this time secured the attendance of Chariie Hnunot, and did not notice theappearance of Minnie at all. she was qniteoontcnted with her own escort, and even -the tatter's added . charms were powerless to make jealous so tong as his at tention was fixed upon her. Chadie was » eplendid qceheii il an UngliAnmi lb MHt what anybody.would exactly call kaDdeome.thoaghheoouldnotbc called plaui fire feet nine inches in height, ami liad^dutiiOTiuhed appearance which could 'Uotlb^'iomnct and captivate. Moreover, 'fife *fepwfced possessor of a fortune in ' itwIfaufiiSBni to place him above the vice. iJoSfceqifentJy he was satiated with . the flaiteiry^oT anxious mothers and avaric ioasmaidens. Winnie to Mtie' some time before, and lie Imdbeen a little Tpifjued fey her evident iipensibility to his tuhantages. St was a new ^cperiencc toluflii*nd :tone calculated to in Creisc, if die had but known it, his growing love for her-Ho-dsy lie Jiaddetermined that, come what mighty he Would speak to herand obtain an^ answer to an all-importaiit question. On arriral ^ TOnsfohi ipwers tLe party alighted, &nd; Imtddion tots served on the liwiTiln£«»nto£lJicMi5^ Afterlunch boat ihg was proposed, ana fifiie .took case that Charlie should l>e!iSr 'e&Oit;, leaving Minnie tooneijjj % tills means eke ^tvg^tas^te he>g»m ienflB Bat woman then moved off b & Aads afiit^n^r Kejlie, land&downc; and Frank Gf-ogor^. wjid hid lbttjj been known fcb ie niunorous f^iomB fleep ui lavewith ct^ O^^. Xhey flropjxxloufc Of the line very ^w^^'i&diisli;^jfo n qniet spot in the jm>d, Hiow tiaej Bpeattfaeutimc itboote not Sip^uite.. ? Ite i&oriiopn; was waun and eultiy and tto^6bolekfc^iu>6 setsnodtohe on die water, ffliafc once tmi&iMl;&boatwaE; rapidly filled ; Sffiehad to hb'pfjt^g/A into it by Charlie or she ' would tiOT^ liaTO dared to .go on the lake at alU'.iSiesaid. Minnie on iiie other !i»E!iLln3.|ieS herself and was tseotedin the boat fcefiire anyone bad the chance to come to her aid. The cals weregofc out and a shady part waisreactod, and there to the ladies' delight WSre eoine water lilies. To pleatc them the gentlemen wereall on the alert to obtain *h«m £me, by a crafty manoeuvre, gaiued possession iiot only of those she liad plucked for but of Uiose wliicli Cliarlie had got for Minnie, whilst die was only able to get a, solitary one. Charlie would have plucked some more but there were none in sight. Minnie, though sorely disapointed, refused to showthat she cared, and laughingly declar ed that shedid not want any more than she had. Effie held to hers in her usual selfish fashion anddeclincd to part with a single flower. He boat floated upon the surface of the late for some time without the aid of the oars when theycaine to another cluster of lilies. Winnie saw them first, the others being too busy talking or too idly lying down in the boat, to notice them. She leaned over, and in her attempt to pluck a-fine specimen overbalanced herself and fell into the lake. AH was confusion immediately. Charlie alone strained his presence of mind, and diving into the water minus his ooat and boots he endeavoured to rescue her. This he found some difficulty in doing*, He struct ont in Minnie's direction but she had floated some little distance away, and his first snatch at hertWsE was futile At last he . managed to seize firmly hold of it -whilst the boat was being brought towards diem. With some difficulty Minnie was drawn on board, but Gharlie swam to land and leaving Minnie in the care of the others he himself tan to a farmhouse near and obtained a blanket in which to wrap her, and requested the farmer's wife to gee a b«jd ready for her. Then he hurried back and reached her side just oejshe had returned to consciousness. Quickly folding the blanket round her he, with the aid of Ered Inacaster, another mem ber of the party, carried 'her to the house. Then, and not till then, did Charlie tiiinl* of himself. He was- offered a suit of corduroy which belonged to the farmer's eon, uni he quickly divested himself of his wet, garments and, encased in these he returned to his companions, when he heard the news that Minnie was dangerously Q1 and a doctor had been sent for. Littie fussy Doctor Davidson soon arrived and attended to the girl. It was some weeks, however, before .she came round ? sufficiently for Charlie to see her, and he I'm! several times been to tlie house ere ho was allowed that privilege. When he was; he found her looking but the ghost of her former self. She had been ; allowed to getup for the first time for a few hours. Though she was flushed with excite ment at the idea of the interview. Charlio was unpleasantly struck with the alteration 1 that had been made in her countenance by her weeks of illness. He was about - to make an observation to that effect when she inter rupted him with, 'Oil, I am sog^adyouhave come. I have so wanted to 'thank you for , saving my life. I do not know how I can repay the immense services you lrnve done me.* ' Shall 1 tell you?' asked Charlie as he re adied her side. She looked at him and replied unthinkingly: ' Yes,' Then she blushed a^she saw his earnest gaze. Her eyes sought the floor whilst he took a 6eat beside her,_and holding -one of her hands in his, he said:' Give me yourself.1 'I thought it was Effie you preferred,' she said. 'Effie3 Why she is nothing but a dressed ' updolL A fellow would tire of her in a week. It was you that I cared for all along, and if you do not many me I shall not majTy at alL* Overcome by tine awful fate which might overtake him in the event of her refusing, 1 Minnie consented to become his wife. The shades of evening fell ere he left her side, the time going rapidly as these two confessed again endagain their love for each other. After this it did not take Minnie long to recover her health and strength, for there is nothing like happiness for restoring : both. In a few weeks she wedding-bells were i pealing, and Effie, finding the could not be . bride, made up her mind to be the next most i important personage, chief bridesmaid. Her fate was not so happy as Minnie's, for she had long determined to mairy for money . and position. She did many for both, and > obtained them through an old peer, hut she rapidely lost her beauty, becoming every day she would havebeen voted an old woman by 1 those who did not know that she was barely twenty-four.' M^nie^td Charlie, happy ineach other's .ASwhich now they shared with a little heir, grew younger every day, until their friends were almost ready to believe that they were years younger than when they vera ; married. [Thb END.] 