: "WOMAN'S WORLD. Compared wlth tho. nlmp!e rite of loeii olvUiwrd people our marring onremony ncoms a trying ordeal for a young and bashful eouplo to go through. Tho Ohorokeo form of mnrriugo in, perhaps the nlmploHt And mo,<t fxprcMlva of any. Tho man and woman merely join hands ever a running etrcixm, omblomutiaal of the wish that their future livna, liopca and Aspira tions should flow on in tho iituna oluinnol. ftctwern the mountnins of India and Persia iu u f>oworful tribo, among whom an extraordinary custom provaiU, Woman' rights apparently have received full recognition, for tho ladies of the triho enn ohoose thoir own husbands. All a Hlnglo lady has to do when bIio wishes to cbnngo hor stato is to send a servant to pin a handkerchief to tho hat of tho man on whom hor fnnoy lights, and ho is obliged to marry her, except lio onn show ho is too poor to purchase her at tho prioo her father requires. The way the Cingalese and Tartar trlbco have of popping the question is about ns singular ns their mar riage rites. Tho mnn sends and purchases tho lady's wearing apparel. Of course, if she docs not like the gentleman sho need not part with the contents of hor wardrobo, but if ho !b tho favored one sho readily doos so, knowing that when tho evening comes thoy will be returned to her by her suitor in person. , Tho divorce record may yet be attained by Mrs. Frnnk Leslie-Wilde, who out of four times morriod has divorced herself throe times. Her maiden nnme was Miriam Floronco Fotlcinc. She was born in the French quarter of New Orleans, of Huguenot parents. Sho married in 1854 David Charles Pencoclc. In a fow years alio obtained adivorco, and in 1863 boonmo tho wifo of Ephraim Goorgo Squire, an editor, writer Aud diplomatist, well known throughout tho country. Sho also seourod n divorce from him, And not long afterwards married Frank Leslio, the publisher, In whoso employ her husband, Squiro, had boon. Mr. Leslie died in 1880. Sho then married Mr. William 0. Kingsbury Wilde, on the evening of 4th October, 1801. (The announcement of tho wodding caused quite A flutter, and Mrs. Leslic-Wildc, in telling how it happonod that she made up her mind insido of two days to marry him, said it was because' bIio loved him — for his mother. This was Mrs. Wihlo's fourth matrimonial venturo. Shn may marry again, but tho marriage of Wilde is pro hibited during ber life. Tho romarrtago of the eouplo is not prohibited. In a very amusing essay latoly published on the Girls of Fiction, an English writer speaks of thoir very good fortune in tho matter of lovers. Says ho : — " Tho girls of Action aro most fortu nate in their lovers. Thano aro always at hand when required, and get good appointments from tho most unlikely people. Thoy never keep their girls waiting ' whon appointments aro made, never got sulky, never squabble and never yawn, nor do thoy over find their masoulino pursuits so enhancing as to eauuo them to growl if askod to forego thom on any particular occasion. And tho girls of fiotion hnvo .always a mu sical laugh' and a ' thrilling trainante voice,' which is never hoarse from cold or sore throat. Thoir very crying Is different to that of their unhappy sisters of actual life. When they woop they 'look lovelier,' thoir noses never get swollen, nor their exquisite eyoa ' rod, Oh no; their eyos under such circumstances arc (liko violets dippod in dew 1' Thoy can always and instantaneously brush away tho traces of team, and not let their 1 swoot tones ' show tho slightest lachrymose infliotiou. Moroovor, oven when their 'whole frame is shaken with aonvul- slvesobs,' those fortunate glrlsonn instantly con ceal all tmces of emotion ' if disturbed by any intrusion." Tho essayist further observes that "novelists novor lot their girls loso thoir back hair in a crowded thoroughfare, or get their um brellas blown insido out, or havo thoir hats blown off on a windy day in a muddy Btreot just in front of a tramcar. Those oxpnrioncns are quito unknown to tho girls of Action. Nor does sho evor run waving hor umbrolla after a omul- bifs for a fow hundrod yards till breathless, ! hor unsuccessful attempt being a delightfully humorous entertainment gratis for the way farers in goneral nnd tho omnibus conductor in particular." Altogether it would seem as though the girl of fiotion woro a crcntiiro highly favored of the Fates, which is after ail not surprising, considering how surpassingly lovely and amlablo sho h in almost ovory instance Mr. Olemont Scott, who has just boon to Japan, dosaribos tho Japanese as "fat, pudgy cheeks ; sunken, small nnd bendy eyes ; a bowed form, a bent hack, a shuffling gait, with tho samo eternally black, coarse hair, smeared with tho Bame evil smelling oil. I looked hard in .publio and private places for tho educated and companionablo Japanese woman, hut I didn't find her. I was forced to tho conclusion that Pierre Loti In Madamo Chrysnnthome hns drawn tho true Japanoo woman. The Japancso tea h'ouao, of which ro much has linen written, is a delusion. Tho silly, groasy girls who ruRh out to drag you in do not servo you with tea or cako and lull you into & poet's dream with samisen or lute. Thoy servo you with gin or whisky. The ideal tea houso U a frowsy den of the worst typo. It is a disguised grog shop, and tho object of the Jap Oirce is to reliovo you of ns much money as possible. In tho great majority of descriptions of Japan I road that tho beauty, grace, courtesy and powor of attachment of Jnpane&c; women compare favorably with English, European, or American womon. Never was s greater soandal uttered. In this year of the World's Fair, with all the advantages of oho'ap travel, whon pooplo from east and west will bo pouring mtoj&pau;, I want them to bo forowarnod." We should like to see Sir Edwin Arnold's fane whon ho reads suoh atrocious libels on tho Fcris of tho only Paradiso ou Earth. Thqro is a certain vivid plcasuro to many people in gazing at or in touching artiolos that had once any peculiar aigniGance to tho owners, when those owners were tho personages of his tory about whom any romance of tragedy clings ; for it is tragedy, after all, that makes things most human, since wo arc all one in tiiu com mon lot of pain. When one Bees In a certain museum a jewel box of silver gilt — not the most beautiful jewel box in the world either— one is immediately arrested because it belonged to Josephine— there is but one Josephine, so to bo called, in the world. It was given to her by lionapqrte, and looking at it a thrill of melancholy pleasure stirs us, if we bo women. There was nothing capcolally fine about Jose phine; she was not groat, nor greatly good ; but she'was beautiful, she was in high plooes, she loved, she suffered; romanco and poetry sur rounded her; nnd all women Iiavo a place in their he&rts; for Josophine, and because tho jcwol box her lover gavo her was n precious thing to ber, it becomes something precious to them. Or bore is a bit of laco that Marie Antoinette tied rouud hor proud and princely throat, that throat long and white und arch" ing like a swan's ; nnd all the horrors and greatnesses of tho French Revolution rife like vast ghosts through the film and mist of that pieoo of point as we gaze at it. It is these things of womon that have carried themselves well in the eyes ot the world that interest us. The armor worn by King Henry IV., the gold handle of the dish usod by tho great Ramesos II., tho breastplate hacked in one of the world's great battles, the coins of Nero and of Alexander, the huge and .aucient head of Athor, do not possess tho power ovor us that tho spinet dues or which Caroline Bonaparte doubtless played her pleasant tunes to the dashing Murat, to tho great Emperor ; while the pitiful little tinkle iq which It now answers the daring touch scorns only to,,, riiook. tho moment as Galuppi's toccata did, "like a ghostly cricket creaking wboro a house was burned." A thing that is piioeless in tho way of monoy— a vase that luis no beauty, but immonso cost liness; a picture that needs a microscope to detect its fine points, and is worth a king's ransom— such things do not detain us long when wo are in tho rootnB of tho collectors. Wo had . rather see the ring that Essex sent baclc to Elizabeth, or the littlo circle with which DarnUsy plighted troth to Mary Stunrt, or tho glass beaker that holds the luck of Edeulmll, than tho largest and brightest diamond evor out, if that holds no history, The ring of Gyges is worth more than the treasuro of Oroo<un. Is is as though t?e projected ourselves into tho sensi- bility of those that hnvo hd great parts to play In lifo, when they interest us; and in seoing the objects they havo handlod, that bad moan ing nnd worth to them, wc tnako tho projection more intenso nnd rank .There was ono. contretemps and one Amusing incident on tha opening day of the navnl nnd military bnznar in Whitohall. The fortnar was duo <o the prdor that was issued to provent the royal party lining crowded. The Duchess of Devonshire, Lord Londonderry, and one or two other popple of Importance arriving shortly after 4 o'clock, wore refused ndmiscion by tho oommissionairo on duty, no member of the cotptnitfoo being present to exercise diaorotion In the matter. The amusing inoident was this. Whon the royal party had traversed tho bazaar, they went into tho crypt and vtsitod tho smoking divan, whore they wero rooeived by tho refreshment contractor, with two CingaloHO servants, droasod in handsome Oriental coHtumo, in nttondnnoo. Tho Duko of Catnbiidgo, seoing thorn, imagined that tlioy were a couple of Indian princes on a visit to this country, and shook hand with thom offusivoiy. TlmPrincoHs of Wales, who recognised one of these distin guished personages as having bocn a waiter at tho Naval Exhibition, was much amused, and began to laugh ; hut it was sometime beforo the duke woh convinced of his mistake. In his little hook entitled Eloiln cn Voyage, just published in Paris, tho well known im presario, Sohtlrmahn relates some of his adven tures with Pattf, Madamo Bernhardt and Coquelin, three artists with whom ho has been at different times associated. Tho book con tains plenty of good stories. Hero is ono of the divn, whioh shows that M. SchUrmaun cor- tainly understands hmv to M manage " his stars. Patti was to sing on a cortnln date at Bucharest, but at tho last moment she deolined to leave Vionna. It was too cold ; snow every whero ; sho would not risk catching hor death of cold. M. Schtirmann was in despair until abrHllantinspira- tlon enme to him. Qniokiy ho telegraphed to his advance agent in tho Roumanian capital — "At whatovor cost Patti musk receive an ovation at Bucharest station from the Italian aristocracy. Send mo by return tho following wlro : — 'Tho mombors of tho Italian and Roumanian nobility aro preparing to givo Madamo Patti a magnificent rccoption. Tho Ministry will bo represented. Processions, torches and bands. Telegraph the hour of arrival.'" The advance agent carried out this instruction, and when the telegram diotated to him over tho wires arrived in Vienna it was handed to Patti, with tho desired efleot. "How' charming 1" sho murmured. "What time do wo start?" Whon they reached Bucharest on the following evening an Imposing demonstration awaited thom. Torohcs woro burning, (lags flying, bands i playing national airs, nml numerous bouquots | were ready for presentation to tho famous shigor, who was escorted to her liotol by a number of cnthiisiiintio admirers. At the hotel door Schtirmann beckoned to tho advanco agent to cntor with him. Ho explained hurriedly that it would not he safe to do so. Ho had engaged a number of loafers at 2 f. a head, hirod clothes for them to wonr, and so provided a select body of tho "aristocracy " for the small sum of about £13 ; but ho insisted upon tho neoostdty of keeping his eye upon tho nobility, lest they should make off in their borrowed plumes. We aro not told whether Madamo Patti' was ever informed of tho triolc that had been played on hor. Wo hear a groat donl about tho unsuitability of women appearing in fields of labor hitherto only ocoupiod by mon, but what can bo a more unsuitable) occupation for a. loarned judgo than sitting iu judgment on the fit of a lady's dress? As a .Birmingham county court judgo said tho other day, when called upon to dooide a dispute botween a lady nnd her dress maker, ho sits absolutely perplexed and bewildered by tho ovidenoe. One lady dooIareB tho gown would fit if the other "did not lot liar stays out so much," the other assures hor counsel that only padding, to whioh, of course, sho will uot agreo, could ever bring the gown within tho rango of practical politlos, otherwise her figpte. Even when Iho.plainti Hubmita |;o hqyiug ' jjje gown tried on in oourt, and to convert herself, yrotcm. into n dress stand, the hapless judge can offor no definito opinion on tho oaso. When suoh cases are brought before them I think judges ought to be allowed to bring down their wives or daughters to assist thom in their decision, or maybe it would bo well to appoinjt a lady expert < at each oourt, who could bo called in to aid these legal luminaries through tho mazes of "sldo plooes," "darts "and "gores," Tho fair American has discovered a new use for shoes. Instead of carrying a bouquet, tho maid of honor at a wedding oarries a satin slipper hung to her arms by ribbons, and filled with flower. Thus the slipper with its con tents constitutes a very delicate and appro priate missile to throw after tho departing eouplo. Amongst nature worshipping peoples the rose war the symbol of lifo and death. It was snored to Aphrodltu, but it was also dedicated to Dlo- nyaius. Naturally white, It was fabled to havo taken its beautiful color, the color for whioh thore is no othor name, from the blood of tho dying Adonis, Both. Greeks nnd Romans mado uro of roses in their religious ritual. Brides wero crowned with them, and thoir petals wero scattered on tho dead The ro.io in its full freshness and sweetness wan tho type of youth and hoauty, and figured, in the short duration of its loveliness, tho fleeting nature of these charms. Thus, "In the hand of a conqueror it expressed not only -his glory and joy, but also his mortality and humility." The theory that Gabriello Bompnrd was not a free agent, but war completely, hynotised and fascinated by Eyraud, who, as maintained by those who hold this view, was alone responsible for the murder of the bulssicr GoufTo. 1b being revived (the London Daily Telegraph's Puris correspondent says), by a lady who know Gabriello well at Lille, and has just paid her a visit at tho Oiermont prison. Her friend relates that in tho long conversation that sho had with Bompard she doc hi red that sho had been quite a different woman from the moment whon she heard of Eyraud's execution. She uover cared for the mnn. On the contrary, sho absolutely hated and dreaded bim, but his will was stronger than her own, and she could refuse him nothing. Her obedience was implicit, in spite of her dis gust As soon, however, as uho learned that Eyraud had been guillotined she felt a kind of moral relief whioh sho could not desaribo, Bbo knew that she was onoe more free- at Wet, so far as he was concorned. Often, while reflecting on tho orime, she could nut understand by what process of mental, or rather. morAl, aberration sho could have been induced to havo a aharo iu it. As her plans, added Gabriello Bompard, sho intended, when she lot t the prison, to load a quiet mid. regular life, and to endeavor to mako Bumo amends for tho past. Hor friend, who expresses anxiety as to her state of health, says that numbers of letters— some of tho most extraordinary chnraoter— aro daily addressed to her at the prison from overy corner of Europe, aud even from America. Offers of marrlugo pour in, and tho lady in question asserts that a lotter was lately reaaived Miggosting that iu the evout of her being patdoned on 24tb July, sho should exhibit herself in public, the show man undertaking to defray all ber expenses, and to pay her £60 a week 1 The impetus given of late to the American manufacture of pearl buttons gives interest to the statement that what are known to tho trade by that namo aro made from tho shell of tho mussel and the oyster— the inner lining of the shell of tho molluscs being an Irridesoent sub stance, often of very beautiful tints, and kuown as the mother of pearl, these sholls, found in almost all parts of tho world, varying consider ably in quality and value. The pure whito shell is found .in tho East Indies, and tho next is what is termed tho yellow- edged mnnilla, found at tho Manilla Islands ; another kind of sholl in this line comes from tho Pacific Islands, ' aud is of a very beautiful but dark hue. Fow shells containing fine qualities of the substance in quostion aro native to this country, though largo numbers of the inferior grade aro obtained In tho production of theso buttons machinery of comparatively simplo me- ohatiism is employed; that is, tho material is out by lathes into round form, and tho buttons havo holes drilled In them by aBharp instrument, or, if holes are not used, tho buttons aro mAdo with shanks, whioh are attaohed to them with strong glue 