A CIRCUIT HORSE SEES A GHOST. 1 — — — — — - - KM The Methodist Recorder has pub- M lished a very interesting Christmas nuru- raj ber, giving a large variety of racy in- jn cidents in the Methodist biography and » history. Here is an extract from an jS article by the Rev. J. S. Simon, giving . _ M an incident in his father's experience: 9 when in the Tadcaster Circuit. He 9 says :— / S ' I began then to love a book ; but | my special idol was the circuit horse. ? I With the phrase ' the circuit horse 'I | know that we are apt to connect thoughts ??---- J of absence of spirit and insufficiency of speed. But the Tadcaster circuit horse belonged to a different category. His name was Diamond, and he deserved it. It was remarked that ' he had been in I the cavalry,' and had been dismissed the | service of his country for some fault. If i you wished to find out that fault, you ! had only to touch him with a whip, and J it would be a wonder if he did not kick your gig to splinters. But Diamond, although he cherished a passionate con- tj tempt for the whips of men, was harm less as the companion of a child. Perched on his back, he carried me to the field with dignified sedateness. He was just the horse to excite the admira tion of a boy. His hot temper gave him an air of distinction. ' Diamond saw a ghost ! I can imagine that, in this sceptical age, some reader will curl his lip at this statement, and a stolid driver murmur, ' shied.' But the evidence that Diamond saw a ghost is clear and decisive. My father's super intendent was the Rev. Thomas East wood. It was the custom of the Tad caster ministers to drive together on the week days to certain villages, preach, and then return to the circuit town. One night, as they were returning, sud denly Diamond started. The hand upon the reins was firm, and he was soon under fair control. But he was tremb ing with excitement. Again he whirled round, and again he had to obey the driver. The two preachers wondered what was the matter, and peered into the gloomy night to discover the cause of the alarm. Then, just before them, they saw a horseman. He was jogging along unconcernedly, careless of the commotion he had created. They saw the fashion of his dress, and discerned the grey hair that had escaped from something that looked like- a Jhelmet. But Diamond plunged and wheeled, and threatened to smash the gig to atoms. The preachers shouted to the figure, told the rider to clear out of the way or they must drive over him. He took no notice, but jogged on. Then, just as the driver could hold Diamond no longer, arid he was about to give him his head, the road was clear. The horseman had utterly vanished, leaving not a trace ? behind. Convinced that they had seen something exceedingly strange, the preachers determined, on their next visit ... ??'. to the villages from which they were re turning, to lead the conversation to the subject of supernatural appearances, and see if, without giving a hint, of their own experiences, any legend was con nected with the road over which they had travelled. When they met, the ac count they gave was singular. After a little talk, the villagers had affirmed . that the road was haunted. Being asked to give a description of the ghost, they described the figure that my father and Mr. Eastwood had seen. They had . even a name for it. It was Lord Clifford, ' bloody Clifford.,' who was killed : at the battle of Towton. When two Methodist preachers and a circuit horse see a ghost, who can deny the reality of spectral appearances 1 ' The principal railway companies in England are going to issue cheap, tickets to persons going up to London from the provinces to attend the great Wesleyan Missionary Anniversary in May next. Of the four Local Option Bills before the British Parliament, three — those for Wales, Scotland and Ireland— give the voters the alternative of three resolu- ' tions — Prohibition, a great reduction in the number of licenses, and the present system. The English Bill is the Direct Veto pure and simple. 