WILBFLOWER. BOOK VII. CHAPTER III. Old Friends. « My dear, dear Martha, is it indeed you ?' Yes, it waB indeed honest Martha Badge, there was no mistaking the old lady. There was not another Martha Badge in England. Not a bit shaken in constitution, with nnlv her hair more white and her eyeB more I dim behind the awful spectacles ; still as I upright and firm as a blackboard, and I showing no signs of giving in for many I years to come — looking as if eha -was -well I seasoned against Time, and proof against I all those attacks of his which had laid I legions in the dust of thoir mother earth I long before they had scored as many points I aB Martha in the great game of life. i I ' Yes, it's me.' replied Martha, as Avlce I flew into her arms, ' and a rare fright I've I given you, like an old eilly, as I am. Why, I you're as pale as a ghost, dear. Now, you I dida't expect me to-day, Awy, my child, I did von?:- I ?' Why did you not write and tell me I you were coming?' eaid Avice, half re I proachfully, when Mrs. Badge and ehe I were seated together on the couch, ' you I who have resisted so many invitations to I Olverton House, and talked of never leav I ing' your cottage, and of being settled I there for ever.' I 'Ah! we're all talking of things we I know nothing about in this -world,' said I Martha, sententiously. I 'I — I hope nothing has happened,' I asked Avice, alarmed at the mysterious I manner of Mrs. isadge. I 'Something4 has happened, my dear,' I replied Mrs. Badge, ?' and a very singular I affair it is, altogether. I've only come a I few minutes before her in order to surprise I you a bit, Avice.' I ' Her!' Avice repeated, wonderingly. I ' Yes, my dear, ? her,' ' replied Martha, I ' Hiss 'Wrick-rick- erton — I haven't the I name quite right yet, Avvy — but your old I guv'nesB, you know.' I ' Miss Wrickerton — is she really coining I to see me ?' I ' Ah ! in carriage with two horses, my [ dear Awy,' cried tbe old lady, ' no more I of your Bath chairs full of hard corners, I aDd — fleas. Miss 'Wrick-ick-erton has I come into her rights after all these years I —you remember they were talked about at I school? the affair is nil settled, the big I people in Chancery have found time to I bring is to an end, and she's a lady now, I and deserves to be, my dear, if ever any I lody did.' I 'I am very glad to hear of her pros I perity. I 'To think, my child, that she should I remember me, and take the trouble to I writs such a long letter too — oh! I 1 never saw or heard such a long ? letter in all my life — awfully long, ? my dear — saying she -was mora lonely than ? eveiEince she had got a great lady and ? given up school, and lost her mother last | winter, and that nothing would please her I better than for an old friend _to live. with. ler— think of that, Avice! She hated I finery, she said, had quarrelled with all her relations long ago, kept no company, and knew she should only be at home with that chatty, steady old lady who used to take tea with her and her pet — tea and cake if you remember, Aviea, at her house in 'Westminster. Ah I she's what I call a sensible woman.' ?e And how long have you been her com panion, dear Martha ?'' . ' Two days, and we're quite comfortable already,' answered Mrs. Badge,' and as she had made up her mind to surprise you by a visit, — for you do write to her she tells me, Awy, and have not forgotten her — she waited till I could join her, and so we came to Bankscum yesterday morning — came over to San — San — this place you know, late last night — hired a cottage for a week, and a stable at ' the Bear,' for the carriage and horses, which she brought down with her from London — such a car riage and horses, my dear ! and I've just walked over here myself to tell you she is coming, and to see that good young man, Mr. Sternbore, and thank him for all past kindnesses to me, and, if you will allow me — to Avice. I hope he's as good as ever, Avice ?' ' Yes,' replied Avice ; ' but he has seen sorrow since he was secretary at the — office, Martha. — you would scarcely know him, now.' ' Know him anywhere, my dear.' Martha Badge's firm asseveration was not borne out by any decisive proof, for upon Mr. Stanmore's entrance, she eat and Btared. sternly at him through her spectacles, and nudged Avice for information concerning the intruder. '* This is my gusrdian, Martha. Mr. Stanmore,' turning to him, '.this is my oldest friend— my second mother — -Mrs. Badge.' Mrs. Badge, rather staggered at* -the in troduction, leaped from her seat and made a stiff formal curtsey. Mr. StanmoTe would have remembered her anywhere by that painful bend in the back, he used to be struck and appalled by it in the office, days, when meeting Tier on the stairs, or in the hall, and had always been in inward dread of her doing herself eome material ?injury. ''Welcome, my dear lady,' said he kindly, . .«? pray keep your seat, I am glad to see you; looking well — be seated, pray. Well, Mrs. Badge, £ave you come to spend a week with oar little friend here f ' 'No thankee, 6ir,; I nave merely called to see Avice.— 4o tell her of her old gnyneBB, who is. on. ixer way to see her too j she's comes, into her tights, sir.' _ - 'Ohi indeed,' replied Mr. Stanmore, absently.'- . ? ' , ' ? ' I've also called to give an old woman's thanks, sir, for that shelter yon afforded me down in Essex* with your own frae heart.' '' . . : . . 'Tut— tat.'- ?':':' . i ' And to tell you, bIt, the key is left with Mrs. iTwitter^nd— ' -.,.-. .' ?* Yes, yes/' Said, lie somewhat impa tiently, ' I undersitand,ljut you— have you Ief6tiie:ptewe^'-:-:;;^:-; ' : ' -. \ . v )??' ? ' To take pity on, tlie loneliness o* Miss Wxickr—Wrick-^ecton, Sir, an old friend, who, thank -Jod, .has come iato &fir2;£s&i8b; Hard and cruel was it; to keep her out of 'em bo long ?'' :, 'Avice!' Mr. Stanmore gave an earnest, inquiring look, and made an imploring gesture . with his hands. It was So quickly and suddenly done that it escaped the notice of Mrs. Badge. Avice sadly shook ier head. Martha Badge was an honest, good woman, and Avice could have lived a lifetime with her without feeling any great distinction, without paying any heed to her rough, illiterate ways, her old-fashioned manners, her want of education,' good breeding, everything that makes the gentlewoman 5 but Mr. Stanmore — a man of sensitive temperament, a scholar, one who had had ladies for mother, sister, daughter — Martha Badge was no companion for him, not even as a housekeeper, and Avice felt that he must have had a deep affection for his ward, for all his avoidance of her company, to make the offer he had just silently implied. Mr. Stanmore turned away, and after a few casual observations quitted the room, almost at the same time as' Miss Wricker ton's carriage was drawn up before the portico of Olverton House, and Miss Wrick erton was being assisted from it by a sturdy page, in such a bright blue tight fitting jacket, and such white shiny buttons, with the crest — part of the rights — on each, that he looked like a police man. . .-. ' Leaning heavily on the arm of this page, who was also burdened with a large pillow, Miss Wrickerton was with some difficulty got into the hall and escorted slowly into the parlor. 'When the ci-devant schoolmistress was fairly in the room, and seated in a large easy chair with the pillow at her back — the official-looking page backed himself out and shut the door upon the fair trium virate. ' My dear, dear Avice,' cried Mies Wrickerton, tears beginning to run old pupil leaned over her and kissed her, ' how glad I am to see you — to hold you in these weak arms of mine, just as I did goodness knows how many years ago ! It's just like a dream — it's just like a dream !' she cried hysterically. ' I used to say to myself, I'll never go and see my favorite — you were always my favorite, the. only one I ever had — until I have come into my rights. And here they are, and here I ami — oh. ! this is a very happy day.' And to prove the asserted fact she began to cry more violently, and to bury her seamed face in her laced handkerchief. 'It is a feappy day for me, dear Miss Wrickerton, to find that I am still the favorite ; that you have not forgotten me — you who have had much to think of without troubling yourself about your little Avice — much affliction and many cares !' ' And so few to love me,' added Miss 'Wrickerton, drying her eyes, ' and you were such a lovable child, if you remem ber, Avice ?' Avice did not remember, although Mrs. Badge chimed in with a sonorous ' That she was!' ' And, then, how kind it was to come and see me after they had resolved to make a Jady of you — do you remember coming in the carriage, Avice ? and to never forget me in my poor little back, street, but to write the kindest of letters from time to time, and tell me all the news of your good home. Not forgotten i — ah I my dear child, kindness and attention. are never forgotten by old ladies and old maids, and will make an impression on the frostiest hearts of either. And mine, has been a very frosty heart, indeed I' ' That it hasn't,' was suddenly jerked out by Martha Badge. ' My dear Mrs. Badge, it has, I assure you,' said Miss Wrick«rton, ' frosty, and hard and cold — but then I've been a poor sufferer in my time.' ' And how happy it makes me, dear Miss Wriekerton, xo be able to congratulate you on your change of fortune and your deserved prosperity — to thank you also for this kind, kind visit.' 'No thanks, my dear,' replied Miss Wrickerton, gently tapping the elbow of her chair with a long fan, as she used to tap the ink-stained desk with her ebony ruler, 'I look upon it as a duty. and as change of fortune — upon my trord, Avice, since I have found myself a rich lady I have not. been half as happy. No, no, all the money 'bags in the world ?would not do me much good. There's my poor mother ; I have lost her. She died, dear soul 1 last winter, in the old house, two days before the great letter came tome with its flaring red seal j died,' beginning to whimper again, 'believing I should have to sell Borne of the furniture and let another room -to pay the doctor who attended her. Then when I got into my fine house — it's in the heart of London, for I think I should go mad if I lived in & country place now— it -was all bo lonely and miserable. I missed my rows of chil dren ; there was .no one to teach ; no backs to slap when I was cross — nothing but gawky servants staring at you out of the corners of their eyes. So I wrote to my good friend Mrs. Badge, and I have been getting better ' ever since she' arrived; there's only one thing now to make me well and comfortable.' 'And that?' ' ' Is,' with, a wistful glance, ' Miss Avice Hern in London, spending a few quiet weeks with me. I . hope you will not refuse me, my dear, after coming all this long way to fetch you. I hope Mr. Stan more will .spare you, for' the sake of . the old companions we have been together.' . Mr. . Stanmore rerentered, and -was intro duced to MiBS Wrickerton, who coughed, even blushed, , and was- T«ry much per plexed. His gentlemanly quiet manner soon set her at her ease. '?-.?'?* 'I have taken the liberty of sending your carriage-home, MisB Wrickerton,' eaid he. .: ?????.. _. . ':. I-:,'.;.' ??';?'.;??? ?' -'?My gracious, sir!', cried the small lady, 'you aiever have ?':, ?.??'?'.- : ?' : ** My -ward will not ^Bel Inclined far '-part with her :%-eBt friend* jet awhile,' he con tinued, 'rtbe. carriage will come in tiie evening, after dinner. Thete, there, my dear ladies, * it's ihially arrang«d j^you cannot get away %ain ^Britihottt my sign iuis&ual;/^ljl'aiitm^ '. . ?*Qni jar» '/yi«i*ice :^rery ; Mnd,'* eimpered ?MiBsfWiid|kertpn.- ??'.' '?''-: v'-''- ..????.-? ?:.;-:: -\ '?' '.???? ? ^'i^A^^'^^^te^teti.yony'aV'&jBBenani;' inWidins ^ ypiiir st^es b£ «ld' :time, and nindering all the outbursts of confidence pardon me.' He once more closed the door, and went tip to Mb study.' : : ~ ? ? ' What a perfect gentleman! what a nice dear, man!' cried Miss Wrickerton in an ecstacy of pleasure. ? 'Gentleman — what could he be'else, I should like to know?' asked Mm Badge, gruffly. , ' ' And what a flow of spirts,' added Miss Wrickeribn* ' I declare I'm quite in love with him. I hope he did not see it.' They had a long talk together after Mr. Stanmore had retired, one of those long happy conversations between old friends, who have been parted for years ; full of *' do you remembers,' and *♦ do you recol lects ' — charmed words which make all of us young again, ' and take us back to the days of our youth, of our first love* or our first ambition. — days of the satchel, and of that ' shining morning face ' with which we crept ' unwillingly to school.' ' It was a pleasant day altogether, and Avice did not mar it by any recapitulation of her 'own sorrows, or her own resolutions for the future — contenting herself with accepting Miss Wrickerton's invitation, and perhapB thinking that it might be extended' much longer than Miss Wrickerton had any idea of at present. Mr. Stanmore thought bo, too, when. Miss Wickerton told him at dinner of her wish, and asked his consent to ratify it, and his face shadowed very darkly as he ina^ned his head, aad said, ' what pleased Miss Hern, was more than satisfactory to bio.' The - carriage came at last, and Miss Wrickerton was assisted into the hall by the united aid of Mr. Stanmore and Avice. Mr. Stanmore was still talking to the de lighted and highly-flattered schoolmistress, and expressing a hope that Sanderstone was not to lose her for many weeks to come, when' there came rudely clattering on the pavement a spirited horse, whose rider was not scrupulous in muttering a few ' curses on -the carriage in the way, against which, his mare had nearly run her ' infer nally stupid head.' The man leaped from his horse and stalked into the hall^riding whip in hand. ' Where's Stanmore — where's Stan more ?' cried Walter Hern. ' I want — oh ! here you are ; good news, old fellow, the turtle doves are coming home next Monday.' ' Indeed !' exclaimed Mr. Stanmore, ' when did you hear that ?' ' Telegraph from London — good evening, ma'am — they're in London now.' ' They did not send to me,' muttered Mr. Stanmore. - - ' To tell you the truth, Arnold tele graphed for money, and — ho ? ho '? ho ! — there's nos much credit in the preference,' said he, ' but still I thought I'd run over and tell you, although I've left a dozen capital fellows at home — will you join us ?' 'No, thank you.' ' They did not like me to leave them,' said Hern, with a tipsy hiccup j ' but I was certain you'd be glad to hear.' ' I am obliged, Hern, by jour consider ation.' 'Well, Avice, old girl,' cried Hern, ' you don't trouble your uncle much 5 but we shall get you at. the Hall a little oftener when Rosamond comes home,' and*-^ hollol' with. a terrific shout of surprise, as he caught sight of the grim face peering over Avice's shoulder, ** is it ? — yes — by all that's holy — Mother Badge i' Mrs. Badge stood with her hands clutch ing Avice's dress, but did not speak. '?You're bearing up against time, old gal,' said he, ' the devil's in me, if I thought of ever seeing you again !' Still Mrs. Badge did not utter one syllable in exchange, ''although the gleam of defiance was shining in her cold grey eyeB. Walter Hern's lips parted to again address her, but the old lady leaving Avice's side, marched slowly back into the ? room. M mil _Af_ 1 ? u ? jl ? 1 ? 11 ? ? ? _?!_ *_? ? f, said Hern, ' better than the row we had in Whitehall one day — poor old gal 1 how she did go it that night, to be sure !' During this .colloquy, Miss Wrickerton had been safely got into her carriage - hy the amateur policeman, who had relieved the careful Mr. Stanmore of his charge. Avice hastened to see after honest Martha ; slie found the old lady seated on the sofa, and breathing hard, as though she had been running. 'My dear, dear Martha, what is the matter P I hope this sudden appearance has not frightened you,' cried Avice. ' I never told you of his living at Sander stone, or of his change in life, knowing your antipathy so well.' 'I shall be better in a minute — oh, dear!' ? ' ? ? Avice poured out a glass of wine. ' Thank you — I shall be quite well now, vay child,' said Mrs. Badge, making one spasmodic gulp of the wine, ' to think of seeing him,' ? 'How long has he been living about here?' inquired Martha, after along pause. ' Some years,/now.' 'Years!' ; '^Yes.' ???-' \ ?'???? ' - ' ' ? : '1'' ? ? «« What is he — a gentleman's servant-^— a groom, or what?' ' A man possessed of extensive property, inherited from ;the brother 'who died in India — the Richard Hern you told me of one day.' ? ? . 'So Richard Hern made money, and this one — the last of a bad bunch, and the\ worst of all of 'em,' said Matha, ' has be-? come a. rich man ! Do you love him, Awy, now!' , '?-?'.'! *? We see not each, other very often,' answered Avice, ' and — and there' is not much to love or respect .in Walter Hern, Martha.' - - 'How weak and feeble lam. growing -Avice,' said she, rising, ' quite childish — quite a babby. If he nad not taken me so sttdden-like,-how I would have given it himl Miss Wrickerton will wonder where I am. We shall see you to-morrow, my darling, and — -who's Arnold ?' 'HiBBoni' « *£k& son of Walter Hern!' cried Martha Badge, ' lias lie .a. sonjihen ?? ,;^Xes,^ad. married ~to Mr. Stanmor»'s ?daughter/'./ -''?'? v.v; ' .? --;.. ; ^| ' _-- ? :? ??:.?-'«*-&,? flearl IS tfejfi-injjr inbre MquestionB fit,; Married Mr j fetenmore'B dattghterJ married .Mr^eood-inigat, iityjdeati'' : ? the ieckVJand ' ^riolenily ^isBine; _ her, she' strode into the nail, past Mr. Stanmore, and up the carriage steps. ! When she was seated by the side of Miss Wrickerton she peered out cautiously from the carriage -window, as if looking for Walter Hern, but .that boisterous gentle man was half way on his Homeward road. ' Good night, Mr. Sternbore,' said she, becoming aware of her disrespectful be havior to the guardian of Avice. ' I quite forgot you, and beg pardon. Drive to Whitehall, you man — to — God bless me I and forgive me for being a fooL' 'Oh! Miss Wrickabone,' cried she, sinking back as the carriage moved, ' Wrickertbn — who would have dreamed of that brute of a man — he broke her father's heart, he went and rb— murdered Mb father by slow degrees, as bad sons murder father, mother, by their goinge on j who would have thought of his living here, his getting rich ! — his— ? ' ''What does it all mean?' exclaimed the bewildered lady by her side. ' It means there is no telling black from' ?white/' concluded Martha Badge ; ' the bad get rich ; the good starve till kingdom come; if it wasn't for the blessed Bible, one might as well be wrong as right — it wouldn't matter without 4hat -the: toss up; of a button.' (TO BH CONTUfDKD.) .- 