.BY A. CONAIN DOYLE. (Published by Special Arrangoment with Messrs. Ward, Lock, Bowdon, and Co.) /PART II.. (Bcig a reprint fromt te 1 ewrninisccns of Jois H.- Wfsof-, M.D.,' loo"f ,1wAU im Mcedical .Dcps:sarment) CIHAPTER V.=[C ont?,ie.) Far from doing so, it had, if any, thing, augmented. it. The hunter's mind was of a hard, unyielding nature, and the predominant idea of revenge had taken such complete possession.of it that there was tio room 'fir aly other emotion. He- was, howevor, above all things, practical... He soon. realised that even This iron consti tution could not stand the incessant strain which he was putting upon it. Exposure and want 'of whole some food were Wearing him out. If he died like a dog among the mountains; whatwas to become of his revenge then ? And yet such a dleath was sure to overtake him: if he persisted. He felt that that was to play his enemy's game, so he reluctantly returned to 'the old Nevada mines, there to recruit his health and to amass money enough to allow him to pursue his object without privation.. His intention h1l been to be absent a year at the most, but a combination of unforeseen circumstances prevented his leaving the mines for nearly five. At the end of that time, how ever, his memory of his wrongs and his craving for revenge were quite as keen as on that memorable night when lie had stood by John Ferrier's grave. Disguised, and under an as sumed name, he returned to Salt Lake City, careless what became of his own life, as long as he obtained what he knew to be justice. There he found evil tidings awaiting him. There had been a schism among the Chosen People a few months before, some of the younger members of the Clhurch having rebelled against the authority of the Elders, and the result had been the secession of a cer tain number of the malcontents, who had left Utah and become Gentiles. Among these had been Drebber and Stangerson; and no one knew whither they had gone. Rumour reported that Drebber had managed to convert a large part of his property into money, and tlht he had departed a wealthy man, while his companion, Stangerson, was comparatively poor. There was no clue at all, however, as to their whero abouts. Many a man, however vindictive, would have abandoned all thought of revenge in the face of such a difficulty, but Jefferson Hope never faltered for a moment. With the small competence he possessed, eked out by such emplo3ymnent as he could pick up, he travelled from town to town through the United States in quest of his enemies. Year passed into year, his black hair turned grizzled, but still he wandered on, a , human blood hound, with his mind wholly set upon the one object to which he had de voted his life. At last his per severance was rewarded. It was but a glance of a face in a window, but that one glance told him that Cleve land in Ohio possessed the men whom he was in pursuit of. He returned to his miserable lodgings with his plan of vengeance all arranged. It chanced, however, that Drebber, looking from his window, had recognised the vagrant in the street, and had read murder in his- eyes. He hurried before a justice of the peace, accom panied by Stangerson, who had be come his private secretary, and repre sented to him that they were in danger of their lives from the jealousy and hatred of an old rival. ,That evening Jefferson'Hope was takenr into custody, and not being able to find surieties,. was detained for some weeks. When at last he was liberated it was only to find that Drebber's house was deserted, and that he and his secretary had de parted for Europe. Again the avenger had-been foiled, .and again his concentrated hatred urged him to continue the pursuit. Funds were wanting, however, and for some time he had to return to work, saving every dollar for his approaching journey. At last, having collected enough to keep life in him, he departed for Europe, ahd .tracked his enemies from city to city, workldng his way in any menial capacity, but never overtaking the fugitives. When he reached St. Petersburg, they, had departed for Paris; and whoen he fol lowed them there, he learned that they had just set off for Copenhagon. At the Danish capital he was again a fe w days late, for they had journeyed on to London, whero he at last succeeded in running them to earth. As to what occurred thero, we cannot do better than to quote the old hunter's own ac count, as .duly recorded in Dr. Wat son's journal, to which we are already under such obligations. CHAPTER VI. A CONTINUATION OF THE IEMIIrISCEOCES OF JOIHN WATSON, M.D. Our prisoner's furious resistance did not apparently indicate any ferocity in his disposition towards ourselves, for on finding himself powerless, he smiled in an affable manner, and ex prissed his hopes that he had not hurt aly of us in the souffle. 'I guess you're going to take me to the police station,' he remarked to Sherlock Hohnes. 'My cab's at the door. If you'll loose my legs I'll walk down to it. I'm not so light to lift as I used to be.' Gregson and Lestrade exchanged glances, as. if they thought this pro position rather a bold one; but Holmes at once took the prisoner at his word, and loosened the towel which we had bound round his ankles. He roso and strotched his legs, as though to assure himself that they were free.-once moro. I remember that I thought to myself,,. as I eyed him, that I had seldom seen a more powerfully built man; and his dalrk, sunburned . face bore an expression- of' determination and energy which was as formidable as his personal strength. ,""If there's a vacant placo for a chief of- the .police, I reckon you are the man for it,' he said, gazing with un disguised adnmiration at my fellow lodgefi? "' Tihe 'ijy you kept on my tail was a caution.''. ' ':Yo;" had better come with me;' said Hohnes to the two detectives. '"I can drive you,' said Lestrado. SGood ! and. Grdgson can ' come in 'sile with ie. You too, Doctor. You hdvb t'aken an intrerst in the case, a;id may as well stick to us.": I assented gladly, and we all descended together. Our prisoner made no attempt at escape, but stepped calmly into the cab which had been his, and we followed him. Les trade mounted the box, whipped up the horse, and brought us in a very short time to our destination. We were ushered into a small chamber, where a police inspector noted down our pri soner's name and the names of the men with whose murder he had been charged. The official was a white faced, unemotional man, who went tluough his duties in a dull, me chanical way. 'The prisoner will be put before the magistrates in the course of the week,' he said; in the meantime [Mr. Jefferson Hope, have you anything that you ~yish to say? I must warn you that your words will be taken down, and may be used against you.' 'I've got a good deal to say,'.our prisoner said slowly. 'I want to tell you gentlemen all about it.' * Hadn't you better reserve that for your trial ?' asked the inspector. ' I may never be tried', he answered. ' You needn't look startled. It isn't suicide I am thinking of. Are you a doctor?' He turned his fierce dark eyes upon me as he asked this last question. ' Yes, I am,' I answered. 'Then put your hand here,' he said, with a smile, motioning with his manacled wrists towards his chest. I did so; and became at once con scious of an extraordinary throbbing and commotion which was going on inside. The walls of his chest seemed to thrill and quiver as a frail building would do inside when some powerful engine was at work.. In the silence of the room I could hear a dull humming and buzzing noise qhich proceeded from the same source. ' Why,' I cried, 'you have an aortic aneurism!' 'That's what they call it,' he said, placidly. 'I went to a doctor last week about it, and he told me that it is bound to burst before many days passed. It has been getting worse for years. I got it from over exposure and under-feeding among the Salt Lake Mountains. I've ?done my work now, and I don't care how soon.Igo, but I should like to leave some account of the business behind me. I don't want to be remembered as a common cut-throat.' The inspector and the two detectives had a hurried discussion as to the ad-" visability of allowing him to tell his story. 'Do you consider, Doctor, that there is immediate danger?' the for mer asked. ' Most ' certainly there is,' I answered. 'In that case it is clearly our duty, in the interests of justice, to take his statement,' said the inspector. 'You are at liberty, sir,- to give your account, which I again warn you will be taken down.' 'I'll sit down, with your leave,' the prisoner said, suiting the action to the word. 'This aneurism of mine makes me easily tired, and the tussle we had half an hour ago has not mended matters. I'm on the brink of the grave, and I am not likely to lie to you. Every word I say is the absolute truth, and how you use it isa matter of no consequence to me.' With these words Jefferson Hope leaned back in his chair, and began the. following remarkable statement. He spoke in a calm and methodical manner, as though the events which he narrated were commonplace enough. I can vouch for the accuracy of the subjoined account, for I have had access to Lestrado's note-book, in which the prisoner's words were taken down exactly as they were uttered. 'It don't much matter to you why I hated these men,' he said; 'it's enough that' they were guilty of'the doeath of two human beings-a father and a daughter-and that they had, therefore, forfeited their own lives. After the lapse of time that has passed since their crime, it. was impossible for me to secure a conviction against them in any court. I knew of their guilt though, and I determined that I sh(;uld be judge, jury, and executioner all rolled into one. You'd have done the same, if you have any manhood in you, if you had been in my place. 'That 'girl that I spoke of was to havo married me twenty years ago. She was foiced into marrying that same Drobber,' and broke her heart over it. I took the- marriage ring from her dead finger, and I. vowed tlhat his dying eyes should rest upon that very ring, and that his last thoughts should be of the cringe for which he was punished. .I have carried it about with me, and have followed him and his accomplice over two continents until I caught them. They thought to tire me out, but they could not do it. If I die to-morrow, as is likely onough, I die knowing that my work.in this world is done, and well done. They have perished, and by my hand. There is nothing leftlfor me to hope for, or to desire. 'They were rich and I was poor, so that it was no easy matter for me to follow them. :When I got to London nmy pockeot was about empty, and I found that I must turn my hand to something for my living. Driving and riding, are as natural to me as walking, so I applied at a cab-owner's offico, and soon got employment. I was to bring a certain sum a week to the ownoer, and whatover was over that I might keep for myself. There was seldom much over, but I managed to scrape along somehow. The hardest job was to learn my way about, for I reckon that of all the 'mazes that ever'were contrived, this city is the most con fusing. I had a map beside me though, and when once I had spotted the principal hotels and stations, I got on pretty well. 'It was some time before I found out where my two gentlemen were living; but I inquired and inquired until at last I dropped across them. They were at a boarding-house at Camberwell, over on the other side of the river. When once I found them out, I knew that I had them at my mercy. I had grown my beard, and there was no chance of theiir recognising me. I would dog them and follow them until I saw my opportunity. I was deter mined that they should not escape me again. 'They were very near doing it for all that. Go where they would about London, I was: always at their heels. Sometimes I followed them on my cab, and sometimes on foot, but the fornier was the best, for then they could not get away from me. It was only early in the morning or late at night that I could earn anything, so that I began to get behindhand with my employer. I did not mind that, however, as long as I could lay my hand upon the man I wanted. 'They were very cunning, though. They must have thought that there was some chance of their being fol lowed,, for they would never go out alone, and never after nightfall. During two weeks I drove behind them every day, and never once saw them separate. Dreb ber himself was drunk half the time, but Stangerson was not to be caught napping. I watched them late and early, but never saw the ghost of a chance ; but I was not discouraged, for something told me that the hour had almost come. My only fear was that this thing in my chest might burst a little too soon and leave my work undone. 'At last, one evening I was driving up and down Torquay Terrace, as the street was called in which they boarded, when I saw a cab drive up to their doori. Presently some luggage was brought out and after a time Drebber and Stangerson followed it, and drove off. I whipped up my horse and kept within sight of them, feeling very ill at ease, for I feared that they were going to shift their quarters. At Euston Station they got out, and I left a boy to hold my horse and fol lowed them on to the platform. I heard them ask for the Liverpool train, and the guard answer that one had just gone, and there would not be another for some hours. Stanger son seemed to be put out at that, biit Drebber was rather pleased than otherwise. - I got so close to them in the bustle that I could hear every word that passed between them. Drebber said that he had a little busi ness' of his own to do, and that if the other would wait for him he would seoon rejoin him. His companion re monstrated with him, and reminded him that they had resolved to stick together. Drebber answered that the matter was a delicate one, and that he must go alone. I could not catch what Stangerson said to that, but the other burst out swearing, and re minded him that he was nothing more than his paid servant, and that he must not presume to dictate to him. On that the secretary gave it up as a bad job, and simply bargained with him that if he missed the last train he should rejoin him at Halli day's Private Hotel; to which Drebber answered that he would be back on the platform before eleven, and'made his way out of the station. fTo bo continued.) 