OVERLAUD KATE. (COMPETITION TALE.) (By Tomki.) Lyelltown wns the last place made. It was constructed of Nature's debris. Everything in the shape of minerals and vegetation were thrown pro miscuously together, with hero 'and there a streamlet and at the foot of Mount Lyell a hellish torrent. What a fresh rushed after a downpour of rain ! It would tear trees out by the roots and hurl rocks from their resting place as if they were toys. The Lyell has been known to rise 80ft. within a few hours, and to exceed 25 knots per hour. Woe betide the creature who had the misfortune to be immersed in the whirling torrent. Nothing would ever be known of the victim — for the secrets of the River Lyell have never been divulged. They never will be either — the Lyell will be true to her birthright for ever. She will not dis- grace her character, but will continue to wreak vengeance on some miserable creature. She will grind the bones of her victims to atoms, scatter them broadcast, and send their souls to — where? Mount Lyell is Nature's folly and the wonder of the Inangahua. Just half way up the mount, and looking like a spec on the horizon, is Lyelltown, a rough place and inhabited by a harum- scarum crew. Not much of a town at the best, but the crew made things lively ; in tact, they made an immense amount of fun out of very little material. A number of shanties stuck here and there in the hill, while others hung out on piles on the other side, a few stores and butchers' shops, and a population of about 500. That's Lyelltown. There's always a favorite shanty on every diggings. It is not always the best ; but, nevertheless, miners seem to congregate in some particular .one. It is a diilicult matter to give a reason, but it is a fact. Dick Dunn ran the favorite shanty in Lyelltown, and no doubt he ran it well — very well- — for himself. He had a nice manner about 4iim. Dick always made it a practice to shout for all hands when there was money among the crowd, and he had a way of doing it too. Dick's shanty presented a lively' appearance on Xraas Eve, 1S70. Men of all classes and creeds were there, and one woman. Yes. one woman. Strange that in this outlandish town there should be one fair daughter of Eve. It wa3 so, and sipping rum — not Jamaica — but the real firebrand and hell- labelled mountain dew, brewed and bottled by Holy Joe, of Lyelltown. There she stood, dirty, defiled and disgraced, among as rough a crew as ever entered a shanty. The landlord was happy. He thought she would be an attraction, and therefore, to keep things moving and make the coin pass into his pocket more rapidly, lie shouted in his best manner. " Just whityer whistles agin, bhoys, It's riot often yer get me on the hop. Jim, in the corner there, what yer goin' to have. Rum ? Right yer are. And Paddy Elynn, from Donegal, name yer poison. Rum? Right yer are again. There's a run on the beautiful stufl. And what are you' drinking, Kate? Nothing? Oh, that be . Have something? No? Well, I won't force yer." Dick Dunn looked satisfied after delivering his usual speech. Ho al ways worked on safe lines, and he was not often disappointed. He was reckoned by the miners as a cute character, but a good old sort to boot. Dick never was known to refuse a drink. Charitable Dick ! The individual alluded to as Jim \t as one of the best men in the town. Open-handed and good-natured was Jim, but a devil-may-care kind of fel low. He had a host of friends and one or two bad enemies, especially Peter the Greek. Some of the boys knew that bad blood existed between Peter and Jim, and that some day matters would bo brought to a head. Jim noticed that Kate would not drink with Dick, and was somewhat at a loss to account for tho reason. Very ! likely she had onough, and didn't care j for more ? Perhaps Peter had threat- 1 cued her ? The season of tho year may have something to 'do with it? She wns going to cook a Xmas dinner on the morrow ? "That's it-," thought Jim, after, guessing for a few minutes. j No, that wnsn't it. Kate was thinking very seriously, and more than one of that motley crow observed it. Jim, however, determined to wake Kate up. He approached her, put his hand gently on her shoulder, and re marked in his best manner' — "Have a drink, Kate?" "No." "How's that?" " Because I won't, see." " Well, do the other thing — go with out." " I intend to." " But, Kate, won't you have a drink with me for tho sake of old times. You know, Kate, we were friends — once." "All right, Jim ; just one, and no more. I must be off ; Peter Will- be waiting." " Oh well, hang Peter any how." " Don't say that, Jim. He has been good to me. You know, Jim, I'm only an outcast." Kate paused. Was she thinking of her mother ! her father ! her brothers ! her sisters! Well, it is hard to say. Anyhow, she paused and something like a tear wended its way down her neglected face. Kate wnsn't dressed in the latest fashion either. Every thing about her showed that she didn't care what became of her. The tear did not remain long on her cheek. She wiped it off with the back of her hand, and seemed a little ashamed of her weakness. " I'll have a rum. Over the three fingers. Jim, I can't help thinking of happy days gone by every Christ mas Eve. You fellows standing round here can't imagine that I (Overland Kate, as you call me) ever had any happiness. I'll tell you that I've been brought up as well as Curse the thing ; I'm getting soft in my old age." Another drop of salt water made its appearance on her face, but its journey was cut short again by the back of Kate's right hand. "That's three-and-a-half fingers, Kitty, my girl. It's the best rum in Lyelltown, and manufactured by my old friend Holy Joe, at tho back of your hut, my girl," said Dick, the shanty-keeper, as he filled Kate's glass three-parts full, and at ' the same time winking at tho boys congregated at the bar. " Right you are, my hearty," and she emptied the glass at a draught, coughed considerably, swore fresh nnflis Jinrl rnmn.rlrprl t.Vin h f ltovo wnc just as much brimstone in Holy Joe's rum as other distillers. " Have another, Kate ? Fill for all hands, Dick. Boys, allow me to intro duce you to an old flame of mine. We've known one another for some time, haven't we, Kate,!' said Jim. " That's true ; but we're not friends now. Things have changed," remarked Kate sarcastically. " It was your fault. You took to drink." ? " " Yes, I followed your example." " Well, it's all over now."' " And. a good job," said Kate. Wo were too fond of one another. Love is all right in small doses, liut when you become a slaVe to the nude little god it is as well to part. The bard for all time hits the nail on the head— 0, heaven! were man But constant, he- were perfect; that one error . Fills him with faults; makes him rub through all the sins ; Inoonetancy falls off ere it begins. , - " You're about right ' Kate," inter jected one of the company. " I am always right, my friend, in matters relating to the affections. I have had considerable experience, and I think I ought to know something about it. My friend Jim is enough to break any woman's heart. Ho always made it a' point to play fast and loose with the females lie happened to come in contact with. Is that not true, James?" queried Kate. " I partly plead guilty to the accusa tion," -retorted Jim " but I can say conscientiously that I've never wronged any woman. It has not been my fault altogether. There are a number of women who will break their necks after the most foppish kind of man, and I must confess that I was a bit conceited a few years ago. However, Kate, we won't fall out over the matter. Dick, once more. Kate, another ?" , " Oh, yes ; a bit of the hair, I sup pose. It's really sickening this whole sale drinking, but what can a woman do when there's a deep-rooted sorrow to drown. Boys, I'll give you a toast," said Kate. " Right yer are, my girl,1' shouted tho shanty-keeper ; " out wid it." " Well, hero it is : May you all have joy, gentle friends — joy and fresh days of love every Christmas Eve right to the end of the chapter." " That s a good toast, Kitty. Joy is better than wealth. A sad heart with riches is misery," remarked Jim, contemplatively. " I'm going home, boys. Good night, and a merry Christmas and a happy and prosperous new year," said Kate, as she threw her soogeo-bag across her shoulder and staggered out of the doorway. Tho bag was not very heavy. The articles which it contained consisted of two pounds of rump steak, a few potatoes, ten, sugar and a bottle of rum. A poor Christmas dinnor, some will think ; but to those who have roughed the world it will appear a feast. Sucking-pigs, poultry or vege tables were out of the question in days when Lyelltown flourished. Kate had scarcely turned her back when Jim secured a couple of bottles of rum from Dick, and followed Kate. A little rain had fallen, and tho un even streets wero full of water holes, some of them being knee-deep. Slush everywhere. Kate trudged on, hold ing in her loft hand a home-made lamp — a bottomless bottle, with a caudle secured in tho neck. On she went, depressed and careless. What did the world care for her? I N othing. What future did she havo ? None. Daphne, by Orontcs, pro duced many like hor, and the world ever will. Has a woman the strength to resist her Commodus? No. But Commodus mustoccasionally be careful with the affections of- his Marcia, or perhaps sho will kill her beautiful deceiver. Kate's mind was occupied with thoughts like this. She felt inclined to make a clean sweep with everybody; but sheimmediately came to the conclusion that men wero not worth while troubling about. They were frivolous crentu res, and unworthy of any further notice. Thinking this, she slowly plodded on ; and a dismal, dreary walk it was. The track was almost unrecognisable. Supplejacks and lawyers by the score interrupted her progress. Whether it wa3 Holy Joe's rum or the uneven track which caused Kate to fall is not known. Her position was precarious — her head hung over a deep gully. Jim, who had been following her at a distance, noticed her downfall and hurried to her assistance. He was just in time. In another moment Kate would have let go her hold and fallen. Jim put Kate on her feet and placed the bag in her hand. "I'm glad you saved the bag, Jim ; but what are you doing here? Why don't you go home and leave me alone? You know you haven't any claim on me now. Jim, go home. I don't want you to go any further." " But I must, Kate. I will see you home. Look ? I've a couple of bottles of Joe's best." " You go back. Peter will cause trouble, and you know it." . "What do I care for Peter. If he tries any of his funny business ho will come off second best." "You don't know what you're talk ing about. Peter is shrewd, and calcu lates his chances to a nicety. He has seen more of the wicked world than you have. Take my advice, Jim, and go back." " I will not." "Then come along." The woman led the way. The serpentine track was difficult to traverse. Fallen trees "were en countered every few yards. Glow worms with fairy lamps lit up every chocolate-hued cutting. Maori hens at intervals shrieked dismally, and the solemn, monotonous cry of the inopoke gave a weird aspect to the situation. The rota towered overhead on either side, while ferns, combined with a thick undergrowth, presented innu merable difficulties to the weary travellers. Kate and Jim were accustomed to difficulties. They stumbled on, some- f.imAR f f»'i 1 nrirl rrnnprn.11 v nnrsprl t.liPin luck inwardly. Neither spoke aloud ; their eyes and thoughts were fully occupied in picking their way. At last a light peeped through a crevice in the thick bush. It was Peter the Greek. Who's behind you, Kitty ?" said Peter. The Greek spoke English fairly well. "Jim.". " What he come for ?" " To see you," answered Jim. " You, Kitty, go to bed. Leave ' the bag here." Kitty partly obeyed ; left the bag and took the rum. The hut had two rooms — one for sleeping purposes and the other was used for general utility — dining, cook ing and sitting. "Well, what do you want — you want Kitty?" '."No." '(What do you wants?" queried Peter. " Will you have a drink ? We will talk about that later on," replied Jim, as he produced the two bottles of Holy Joe's compound. The Greek's face darkened, and the two men gazed at one another for a few seconds. Jim's eyes were fixed steadily on the Greek's. The latter did not like the situation and busied him self hanging the meat up and putting the groceries into the gin-case safe. " Are you going to have a drink,'' asked Jim. " Well — yes. It's just as well. There is nothing to be bad friends about. Is there, Jim ?'' "Here's a merry Christmas, Peter.'' " Many of them, and a happy JNew Year." . And they drank out of separate bottles. Kate heard the conversation, joined in the toast, and threw herself on the bed. She could not sleep, how ever. Midnight is always a sleepless time. Goblins, ghosts, brownies, and a hundred other mysterious things trouble most people, and keep them turning and twisting, thinking of days that have fled, of days that are gone. Kate did not care about myths. She was thinking of tho Christmas Days of her childhood, her girlhood and her maidenhood, when she loft her parental roof for ever. Then a train of thoughts would follow, one after another, in rapid succession. All were of sunshine — Glorious sunshine — of youth and pleasure. None were otherwise. She built her castles in the air, piled brick upon brick in the ex uberance of her spirits. Upwards tho castles went, and hoeded not her reck lessness. Sho was joyously mad. She laughed at folly, she defied the word, and went on building her mighty castles. A few more bricks, and she would bo on the summit of her am bition. Then she would look all over the world, and the world would bo at her feet. How glorious ! But there was an unsound brick near tho foun dation, and the castle collapsed, bury ing her in the ruins. "Great God," she groaned, "Where am I ?" « " It is raining. I am glad of that. There will be a big flood for Christmas Day," said Peter. "Why do you like to see tho river rise?" aslced Jim. "Because it clears out the rubbish," said the Greek. j Both men had evidently paid close attention to Joe's beverage. Their I voices wore thick, especially Jim's. Kate, now wido-awnke, helped her self freely to the bottle. Her little dreams wore over. What did sha ' now. Bb bwJri the botUb ccw more to her lips with trembling hands, . drained it dry, dropped it on the floor, and fell on the bed a helpless mass of humanity. She lay as it dead for some time. Something like a quarrel passed in her mind. Two men were saying hard things of one another — " coward," "cur," "sneak." Then there was a heavy fall. Silence roigned for a few moments; She fancied sho henrd someone chopping firewood and put ting it on the tire. Nothing disturbed . her for some hours. # » At last sho awoke with a start. | The day was well advanced. It was 11 o'clock, and a beautiful day. Tho mocking-bird and the tui welcomed the day in glorious song. They hopped from twig to twig, from bough to bough, in their happiness. Kate saw the broken bottle in her room. In the other apartment were two empty bottles lying on tho floor. Tho steak hung from the rafters, and the 'soogee-bag was wet and in front of the fire. She did not bother her head, but proceeded to get the dinnor ready. About 12 o'clock Peter arrived. ' Where's Jim ?" asked Kate. " Jim's all right He is keeping up his Christmas. Jim's having some fun." " When did he go home ?" "Jim went shortly after 12." " Did you have a row ?" " Me and Jim drank rum. We talked — and — " . "Fought?" , - "No." "What's the meaning of this blood on the floor. It looks as if it has been wiped up with that bag near the fire." "That is not blood. It was the rum Jim spilt. He lost half his rum. Mo and Jim no fight any more. He is going to have a good Christmas this time. " The Greek did not appreciate the fine weather, and remarked to that effect. He appeared uneasy. " Kitty, I want to see it rain hard. There is no water in tho dam. You pray for rain. I go down to the river, out ferns and other things, Kitty. Make the place nice. One o'clock, dinner ready, and the Greek absent. Very unusual for Peter to bo absent from meals. He was punctual to a degree. Kate generally did not care whether he was there or not, but to-day she felt it would be more comfortable to have company. Sho therefore resolved to see where he was. She proceeded down a track running at right angles from the hut. An apron of shingle, boulders andsandwas formed behind the bluff. When she got on the apron she walked up the river, looking right and left. The water in the river was yellow j but very little fresh had come down. Sho avoided the boulders as much as possible. ... At the bluff she stopped. The bluff was in a direct line from the hut. Peter had cut a track, and it was a hobby of his to watch the torrent of water rushing down. The river narrowed in this spot, and, as a consequence, the current was strongest. Kate stood on a boulder and looked up the face. It was almost perpendicular ; scrub had grown on the sides in a number of places ; supplejacks twisted in and out in . a promiscuous man lier. Something attracted her atten tion for a moment. The some thing was held by the everlasting supplejacks ; had held it securely for the world tosee if it so wished. A groan not far from her startled her, and she walked hesitatingly in tho direction from whence it came. Joe's beverage was not the best tonic for nervousness. She saw something else, gave vent to one wild, . unearthly scream, and fell prostrate. » # Holy Joe and half a dozen miners soon brought back consciousness to Kate. "What's tho matter, Kat.e?" asked Joe. "Can't you see, you," cried Kate, as she pointed first in the centre of the bluff and then to an object a few yards away. Held by the supplejacks was tho headless body of Jim. And the object which caused Peter the Greek to cheat the law and Kate to show the weak side of her nature by screaming and falling into a lit was only — Jim's parboiled head standing upwards and looking straight at tho dying Greek. " Give me a bottle of your best, Joe. I'm afraid my dinner will be spoilt if you don't." Kate left the group of rough miners who had gathered together, and wended her way homewards. When sho had ascended a few yards up Mount Lyell they heard her laughing and calling out to them, "A merry Christmas, boys, and joy and fresh days of love accompany your hearts 1" 