FASHION GLEANINGS. Everyone will be delighted to hear that Dame Fashion has decided that our walking skirts are to be quite short, not touching the ground, but just a comfortable and cleanly walking length. What a relief it will be to feel that one can walk out with out continually snatching at one's skirt to . rescue it from all kinds of objectionable matter that it would otherwise collect. Our friends across the straits are already weari ing the short skirt, and their appearance is decidedly smart. There is a whisper that crinolines are again being worn by French women of fashion. A writer in Fashionable London says ' Crinolines have been seen in Paris, but I have not heard that they have as yet been successful in crossing the Channel. The latest form of French skirt, however, possesses ample folds for the harboring of this monstrosity. I saw the other day a gown which, while tightly, just below the waist, expanded to fifteen yards at the bottom. It is true that the material was a soft surah: nevertheless there seemed to be the ghost of a crinoline lurking beneath its voluminous folds. ^togsanajaWs the silk plaids make a richlookingfinisb to agown, and so doubt this.sty]e ijmL_.be the .leading feature .,of- autrunnftSlotis. I saw some Very beautiful plaids at The BeehiyaV -la b t weekthat bave been specially imported for the early autumn season. ^ Quite ^a^ revolution in hair-dressing is noticeable just now, ®nd I am«frald that it to become refcortciledta the iatlpotdng chigflon that we must adopt. It certainly ia not becoming « TO1® *° tolr drawn tigbU,T1Sact?rom the face, leaving only a very little fringe to soften the features, and gathered into -a chignon and then covered With a net ; Jiot the invisible net that was worn to keep a fluffy headln some measure presentable, ? but ? a -coarse net of lame pattern and thick cord. ^7 Our winter jackets and cloaks, on dit, will be long sifd tight fitting, with verv hteh collars and double or triple capes -with a great deal of fur trimming as revera or edging for the capcs. I saw a model quite lately that had a shaped yoke with ^llw cut in one and edged all round with furf thc'back tight- fitting, and round the waist, cord, ^rhich, when tied in front, kept the slight fulness in place, there being no dart seams. It was a remarkably dressy cloak, reaching to the bottom of the skirt and, for both comfort and appearance it iB much to be admired. Evening gowns are being made up with much less train than formerly; jii6t long enough to fall well on the floor is the correct length, and thus there ie no need to lift the skirt when dancing. Every kind of trim ming is admissible for skirts; Actings, frills, ruches, or festoons of gauze and chiffon or even lace aro equally favored; when festoons are chosen, 'bowB of ribbon - or flowers are generally used to keep the draping in place. Black, silk skirts are being covered with net or lace ; colored nets are also used for draping. Ode silk skirt set to a band can be used for any number of net over skirts, and at the same time always present an appearance of freshness with each drapery. The cheapest dress materials I have ever seen are those that are now being sold at ' Dempsters.' The price is absurdly low, and the tweeds and corduroys arc of the finest quality and have .been just opened expressly for the Fair that is now in full swing. 