A BLACK GHOST STORY. What would tho psychical researchers have made of this ? Kir Richard Owen had' two remarkable £host Btoriea, and, one of"1 tlieae, perhaps the better of the two, ia related by a Daily News correspondent. In his early days, when surgeon to the prison at Lancaster, a negro died therein. After tho inquest tbe young surgeon saw, the body put into the coffin and the lsd screwd down, to be ready for the funeral next day. Owen had at the tinio been already attracted to the study of comparative anatomy, and- negroes' hoads were not plentiful ; 00 he made up his mind thci; this one should not be lost to the cause of scienie. In the evening he returned with a black bag containing a brick—from hie official position he had 110 difficulty in getting admittance to thra mortuary, -where tho coffin lid was unscrewed and s^dwed down again. During this process the brick and the negro'B head changed places. Tiie ground outside the principal entrance to tho gaol has a considerable descent; and the time being winter, with enow and frost, Owon had -scarcely passed out when hu slipped aud fell all his length—the bag went from his hand, and the head tumbled ont and rolled down the parod way. He jumped np, caaght the- bag, and"'following the head clutched it juet as it finished its career in a small shop where tobacco was sold. Pushing it into the bag again, he vanished out of the shop with all the Bpoed he was capable of. Next morning, when Owen -was goinjf to his usual dutiea at tbe prison, he- wag eaVled in by- the •woman at the shop where the ac^idpnt bad occurred on the previoiiB evening. She wished him to sets ber husband, -who waa very ill. He had had, she aaid. a fright the night before that caused him to look wild and dazed-like. The man, it turned oat. was a retired sea captain, who had bwn in n>arry adventures among the Weet India islands, when deeds were done that did not at that time require to be accounted for. Among these had been the killing of a negro in which he had a hand, and the transaction had left a touch of trouble on hifi conscience. After ^rivin^ these- details the old captain told of tlm horrible event tlmt took place the ni^rtifcbefore. He was sitting in hie nhop, all was quiet, aud it so chanced that fie had been thinking of tho negTo, whan suddenly taus&w; hie very head roll in:o tho £hop in front of the counter, arid it va3 followed by the devil, all in hlack, with a Mack hag in l:is Land. Tho d^vil eaatchod up the head, and both disappeared through tho like a fia#h of lightning. The description wasporhaps not fjuite complimentary to tho young anatomist, but it wan satisfactory ao far that it. showed that Lis identity had not boon recognisod. Another capsize down the river last week. Some people, one of these days, will groir-v-o n o e. Tbe pur6e-!n<\--k man was much ia evidence nt the Germeia races. 